A REAL 8LICE OF LUCLK -o TOLD BY AN EX-DETECTIVE. It was thoe height of the season atMiddlebamp ton-on-Sea, when I found myself enjoying the blessings of a holiday. Weary in brain and body, I turned my back on the din and turmoil of London for a fortnight. As I sat in the train withmy wife and family, I thought I had entered upon a new era of my life. I seemed to actually feel the weight of care and vexation rise from my shoulders; for fourteen blissful days were.my own, without the fear of being rung up at untimely hours. I had done for the nonce with stealing about dark and shadowy places in search of some miscreant, or, what is often just as tedious, tracking a thief in the guise of a gentleman from hotel to hotel. I remember on one occasion playing a game of hide-and-seek with one of this class, who led me a pretty dance. Wherever I put in an appearance, he had just disappeared, and never empty-handed; but at last I ran him to earth at anhotel where a number of rich Americans were staying, and landed my fish, who gave in, like the common-bred article he was, the moment Ihookedhim. But this is passing. Everything had been arranged for our recep tion at Middlehampton-on-Sea. Thelandlady doubtless took me for a well-to-do clerk, or something of that sort, and I flattered myself that in my brand-new tweed suit and straw hat the lastthing people would take me for was an officer connected with the detective depart ment. The tide of humanity seemed to me to be almost as wonderful as the tide of the ocean. There were, as a communicative henchman told me, "tons of visitors" present. They crowded the Esplanade ; they strolled and mooned about the High-street in hundreds, and pickled them. selves in the briny in shoals. Being a sociable animal, I generally drop into the coffee-room of an hotel t enjoy a glass, a smoke, and a chit before gdllg to bed, and in accordance with my custom,Istrolled into the Norfolk, where Ifound a number of sea captains ashore a few shipowners, and perhaps half a dozen focal tradesmen, but no visitors. I felt disappointed, and thinking that I had hit upon the wrong place, emptied my glass, and was pre. paring to go, when there lounged into the room a tall, gentlemanly man. He was well and neatly drossed, from his collar down to his faultless boots, which fitted him like a pair of gloves. There was about himtho air of an independent man who was killing time, and found that even an exertion and a bore. His cheek-bones were a little too high, his mouth too largo, and his eyes too close to each other formny liking; but Nature turned us out of a variety of moulds, and the man we dislike at first ight often carries a heart as true and honest as sterling gold. It was evident that the new-comer was ex pected. The local tradesmen nudged each other, the shipowners ceased poring over the "Shipping Gazette," and the sea captains forgot to talk wind and weather. In a few minutes I gathered that the gentle man rejoiced in the aristocratic name of De Caux, and had been staying at the Norfolk for a week. He was an ingenious man, and had taken everybody into his conlidence. MIr Rox, the landlord of the hotel, bowed down beofore him, and the frequenters of the room hung on his very words, and not without reason, for Mr De Caux had been everywhere and knew every bOHe had hobnobbed with Ministers of the Crown, and might have sat in Parliament but for the fact that he had taken an oathl not to meet a certain man; and he had come to Middlehamp ton.on-Sea for quiet and rest before starting on a long journey in his steamn yacht, which, he stated, was then under repairs. I listened in amazement, not so much that the man should talk in this strain, but that others who had travelled the world over should believe one-half what he said. The character was not new to me. I had met many such a fellow, who, finding himself unexpectedly in the possession of a few hundred pounds, seeks some out-of-the way place to astonish the natives and leave a record behind him. Thehabitums of the snug coffee-room treated me civilly enough, but in comparison'to Mr De Caux I was a mere nonentity. By some means or other the conversation turned upon banks and banking. B]ox, the landlord, joined in, and declared it was a crying shame that the branch of the L- S5 W- should only bo open on Tuesdays and Saturdays. " I get so sick of it, " he said, flourishing a long pipe, "that very often I don't trouble to bank for weeks, especially at the height of the season, when I can't call a moment my own until late in the evening. Just step round and see what my bare are like. You'll find 'em crammed with visitors, and I ought to be there now, but"-bowing deferentially to Mr Do Caux-"- since you;have come among us, I can't resist the temptation of enjoying an hour in the society you have been good enough to give Up," '"Why don't you write to the directors of the bank and place your grievance before them?" demanded the great DeCaux. "I would. No doubt, Mri Rox, you have often large sums of mnoney in your house ?" nI should tlink I have ! Why, at the present moment- Good evening, Mr Treller." Mr Treller was the superintendent of the police-a stout, burly man, blessed with alarge bald head, staring eyes, and a painfully wheezy voice. Mr De Caux shook him cordially by the hand, changed chairs so that he mightsit at his side, and ordered Mr Rox to fill a glass with some thing which the superintendent seemed par. ticularly partial to, for on its being supplied, he emptied the glass at a gulp and sot it down. This feat seemed to Mr De Caux's mind quite a work of art, and the landlord's services were again called into requisition. Again the subject changed, and this time with regard to the number of police employed at Middlehampton.on- Sea. With a grunt, which Mr Troller meant for a laugh, he was good enough to inform us that the country authorities considered four man sufficient to protect six thousand souls while they walked abroad or slept in their beds. "You see," he said, in that awful voice of his "we are all honest here" and as to the visitors, I hav'n't had a serious charge for ears. Occasionally we get a drunken excurs ionist but--bah l!-that is nothing." Anti so they talked and drank and laughed until Mr Rox reluctantly told us that eleven o'clock had come, and that all but lodgers in the house must depart, I was the first to go, and as Uwalked in thIomoonlight to my lodg ings, I laughed at what I had seen and heard. Perhaps it was just as wellthat Mr Rox and his customers were so eimple-miidedd; but I could not quiteunderstand Mr Superintendent Troller, and I came to the conctluslon that had Mr De Caux liked, he could have wormed out of him a good deal of information, whieh, it perhap not exactly ofmcial, might prove ox. teme uful to an unsorupulous man. id, Early nextmorning I met Mr De Caux. We bathedafrom adjoinongmachinee, and he, recog. nieing me, hoped that he would have the honor W of my companyin the evening, which-save the at honor-I etated he would undoubtedly have. Now it was no business of mine to make my self known to Mr Treller. Had I chose I P' could have done so, but my mind was not so .e bent. In the first place, I was on leave, and a at free lance, and, secondly, I was not convinced at that Treller-who was about as fit for his poest as a log of wood-would not hint mysteriously n at what I was, and render the remainder of my t holidays extremely uncomfortable. e For I must tell you that when a detective is e at play there is as much difference in him as Philip drunk and Philip sober. Ho drops "n shop" as he drops a hot coal, and it is with da growing despair in his heart that he counts 0e the days to the one when he must again pick e up the thread which leads so unfortunately to the dock andprison. L. The daypassed pleasently enough, and after e a late dinner (we were quite genteel at Middle. e hampton-on-Sea) I wandered about the esplan ade alone. The tide was out, and growing tired of gazing at a mile or so of flat sand and sea- weed, it struck me that I should bewasting time in seeing what the town away from the High-street was like. But for one thing I was not repaid for my trouble. The thoroughfares t were narrow, and the dwellings mostly small. p The houses were full enough now, butI pictured to myself what they would be like in a few 1 weeks' time, when sorrowing landladies sat in the back kitchens listening to the howling of the wind as it swept the desolate shore, and wishing that it was always summer, and visitors did not migrate with the regularity of swallows. An old sign stretching half a across one of the streets attracted my notice. The house to which it was attached had gables, which hung frowningly over like heavy eyebrows; the door was arched, and lest people should pass it heed Slessly by, theproprietor hadcaused tobe painted on itthe inscription, "The Old White Bear. Good entertainment for man and beast." I was pondering on the age and history of the house, when the curiously-shaped door opened and a man stepped cautiously out, and in spite of a soft felt hat pulled well over his eyes, I recognised the celebrated Mr De Caux. Of course, he had as much right to explore the interior of The Old White Bear as I had to stare at the exterior, yet it struck me as rather strange that so distinguished a personage should find his way there. He did not notice me, but walked swiftly I towards the High-street, and no sooner wa he out of sight than I stopped into the hostelry-or, rather, I should say, I fell in; for, not noticing that two steps had to be negotiated, I went a crash against the counter. "Upon my word," I said to the grinning landlord, I ought to apologies for startling I yoa." Oh, " he replied, " we get used to thatsort of thing. My only hopeis that you have not I hurt yourself. I think I must have the floor 1 raised level with the road. " " And high time," I rejoined, laughing. i "Well, thank goodness no harm is done; so a draw me a good glass of ale, and I'll sit down and forget that I hve had a shaking." p " Won't you walk into the parlor ?" inquired a the landlord. "You will find it lees draughty p than sitting here." a I accepted his invitation, and on entering the c room found myself in tho.presence of two men. a The moment I appeared they rose to depart; but before they had time to pass out of the door, I: I had taken stockof them. The contrast be- d tween them was great. One was short, thick- b set, with arms out of proportion to his height; the other was tall, slim, thin-featured, and sham- o bling in his gait. Is "I suppohe," said I, as the landlord brought h in the ale on ia tray, " that you are not much k troubled wi It visitors ? " "They droll in and out, " he replied; "but I don'ttake much notice of them. The two just tI left are strangers to me. You see, sir, I depend ca on the inhabitaunts for my living, and the seasons a don't make much difference to my trade. " " I ran against another fellow as I was ti coming in," I said, "and I fancied I had seen I him somewhere." "Most likely. He went into the parlor, h and gotinto conversation with the others, as u people willdo at the seaside. For my own part, a I scarcely over leave my house, save on Sunday it afternoon, when I take a stroll for my health's sake; so itis not likely that I take much notice A of people who come and go. ' ft Idrank up my ale and wandered back to the Ic busy part of the town. What I had seen set mo h thinking. h I remembered what Mr Rox, of the Norfolk, o had said about keeping a great deal of money in the house, and I meditated on thopopularity of h Mr De Caux, who had set up his altar in the a smoking-room for the simple-minded people to tl bow down to. tl "Come,come," said I; "this won't do. 1 a am down hero to enjoy myself and mind my own business. What an ass I am to fret and fume ti about people I have never scen before! It is 'I' quite within the bounds of possibility that I ai have been spotted Iy a constable in private bI clothes, so I will lot Mr Do Caux go his own rs way, and I will go mine." al It was just nine o'clock when I approached the Norfolk. Sounds of hilarity floated from fm the half open window. Mr De Caux was telling ft one of his famous stories, and had "set the tl table on a roar." al Mr Superintendent Treller was in a painful state of mirth. Tears ran down his cheeks, p his fat sides shook, and every now and then he kicked spasmodically, as if he were going to e: have a fit. al "I assure you it is true," said Mr De Caux. ir "I saw it with my own eyes." pi A perfect shriek went up at this, and Mr Rox was so overcome that hobit off the end of his S pipe and narrowly escaped swallowing it. I d concluded that, ty being a little late, I had lost hi a good thing. Every body said so, too, and I ci had to be content with listening to the story ,c second-haud. hi What it was about I forget now, save that it li was as truthful as the punishment of the man in ri the moon for gathering sticks on Sunday. I pretended to laugh with the rest, and Mr Do am Caux was in such good humor that he insisted bi on the glasses being refilled, not, only once, but hi twice and thrice. I regret to say that Mr Trellergot exceedingly nmllow, and volunteered so to sing asong, whereupnn the landlord fled in disamay, and the rest of the company coughed hi behind their hands. II As I was passing out, Mr Do Caux stopped me re in the doorway. a "I have taken a fancy to you," he said. rc "' Youhave not said very much, but I know a is man of the world when I see one. Now," he tl added, looking at me out of the corner of his eyes, "I should say that you either hold or did hold a commission in the army." "You flatter my appearance," I responded. "To the bestot my knowledge, I have never drapn a sword in my life." "Then I am vastly mistaken. But surely you have beoon in some oflicial capacity ?" s "I am afraid I know more of pickles and jams than what you are talking about." "I don't care wrhat you are," he replied,P pressing my hand warmly. "I have taken a liking toyou, and that is euflicient. Hang it, what does it signify how a man gets his living it so long as he is a man ? Will you go for a drive with me in the morning?" - "With the greatest of pleasure," I said-and I meant it, oh Little did he or I think whatsort of drive we a were to take, and how advantageous it was to provetoone of us. That nighlt I slept but little, and when I did my dreams were of such a troubled nature that in the morningI found myself, uinrefreshed and a with a singing in my ears whlichl promised to L develop into as nasty a headache as ever man tl was aillicted with. I don'tknow what possessed me, but as soon c as I had gone through the farce of breaking my . fast, I stepped over to the post-ollies, and~wired A, the description of Mr De Caux to the chief then in charge of the "Yard." The clerk who tookthe message was visibly a affected as he counted the number of words. P The pencil jumped about the paper like the 0 indicator of a telegraph instrument. "I'll attend to this myself," he said. "Will b you wait one minute, sir ? I should like to have a word with you."' Ina few minutes he returne3, and leaning over the counter, said: "Perhaps you don't know that a burglary i was cmmisted atthe Norfolklast night. The thieves broke open the safe, stole all the money, and then had the audacity to enter a gentla man's bedroom, and not euly walked ofl with his watch and chain, but a Gladstone bag con- f taining jewellery and valuables to a considerable I amount." h A long course of training and experienco had taught me never to betray astonishment, but on this occasion I thinkI must have done so, for I found myself clutching at the edge of the counter with one hand and rubbing my throat "Indeed," Isaid. "VWall, send the reply over to thie Norfolk. I will go there at once." On the doorstep stood poor Mr Box, Do Oaux and Superintendent Trollor. Rox was as paleas a ghost, Troller looked 1 perfeotly greasy with perspiration, and De aux was laying down theo law in no measured style. st "A nice thing this is for me !" hlie was say I ng. "I don't oare so much about the value of i the things, but they wero nearly all heirlooms. i There wasa mourning-rang which I would not haveparted with for twice a hundred pounds. Why the deuce," he added, turning furioualy r 'upon aox, "don't you have your side windows g l'ttedwith shutters? Any boy with a putty. ar ]knifs could force back such a fastening." le o' Rox remained silent. Speech had almost failed him since the discovery of his loss. The y- burgla.'s had entered the house by a window I under th'e archway, and entering the office, had o made a. clean sweep of everything worth a taking. d The safe a very old one, had given the t burglars bu .ittlo trouble, and a trifle over two y hundred pounls had been extracted. y The watchlea' and heirloomless Do Caux ap peared to be halt'mad with grief and rage.. i "This," said '0e, " comes of c2rrying my s heart on my sleeve.' This is the eseult of talkin e before strangers. Oh, the fool Ihave made h myself !" Jusa then I espied the telegraph boy, and met k him half way. To tear off the buff cover and o read the contents of the message was but the work of a moment: r "The man is wanted. Detafn him." That was enough for me. Ilstrolled calmly back, with my hands in my paockets, and hum ming the air of a popular tuna: . Treller now stood alonein the doorway, and' I. beckoned to him. "I haven't time to talk to you or'anybo. " he wheezed. "Pray don't botliaerme. My men are scouring the country and' I am just going to wire to Scotland Yard." "I have saved you the trouble by'doing so, r Isaid. S"You !" I The color died out of. his_fare,-ano --ho I tilted backwards on his heels. o S"Yes. Pardon me, Mr Treller, but - think s you have lost your head. Step up to the station and bring a pair of handcuffs. I havemore - than ample reason for remaining here. My b name is Y-, and I have been connected with the detective department for more than twenty ' years." Mr Treller ran-yes, he actually ran-for" c. the first time in the memory of living man. a Tradesmen rushed to their shop-doors and, watched him in open-mouthed amazement, and I the wag of the place promptly put itaboutthat t, the superintendent had started training for the sports advertised to take place in a week's time. n I entered the hotel, and found De Caux in earnest conversation with the landlonl. "I consider," said the former, "that you have been greatly to blame, and it will be my a' duty to bring an action against you. Under se the circumstances, it would be idle of me to bl stay here, so I will go to London, and return h in a few days."' tl "Business calls me to town," I remarked, h "so perhaps you will not mind travelling with me. I stepped into sympathise with you" "Pray don't," De Caux interposed ,waving 5a his hand. "Well, well! Excuse my brusuea. a ness, but you cannot tell how upset I am." a] Just then Superintendent Treller came back. He was melting like butter in the sun. I gave pi him a look to keep silence, as I wanted to give De Caux time to pack up the rest of his belong. tl ings. The moment he went up stairs I drew the t superintendent aside. "I have altered my mind," I said, "At h( present Ihave no real clue to who the man is, so I intend to shadow him in the hope of drop ping on his companions with the swag. Give w me the handcuffs, and wire to Horsford for a constable to meet me at the station in caseI tli should need his assistance." re The superintendent made no demur. After his unwonted exertions he was in a kind of m dreamy state, and could only hope that I would s! be successful. ti Half an hour later De Caux and I were on our way to London. At the terminus we parted, o0 but not for long. No sooner was he in one th hansom than I was in another. The driver hb knew me, and took the hint at once when I said m "Follow." sl . For the best part of an hour we rattled through the streets of Landon, until the hansom a: containieg De Caux bowled into a road flanked fa with neat villas and came to a stop. " Pull round sharp," I said, pushing up the af trap; "I have sooeen enough. Now drive me to H~- street station." A dozen words with the inspector on duty put half that number of men in private clothes under my direction. De Caux, or whatever P5' was really his name, was now as safe as if held to in a vice with a giant at the handle. pu All day he lay quiet, as he did in the evening. About ten o'clock a girl dressed as a servant out h for the evening left the house. She was fol- wi lowed by a "shadow," who reported- that she ha had left anote at a house in J--street, and had then taken a tramcar for the northern part- y7 of. London. Opposite Mr Do Caux's villa was an empty se! house, and there I and my assistants watched wi and waited. Midnight came, and then out went the lights on the other side. I had begun to ru think that nothing would come of our patience, be when the sound of wheels broke upon my ears. A four- wheeled cab came jolting along, and iK to my great joy stopped at the suspected house. in Two men stepped out. One carried a parcel and the other a Gladstone bag. They went on. boldl7 up to the door and knocked, and at the moment it was opened I ahd my men darted ag across the road. thi Blows, curses, and a good deal of struggling gis followed, but the fight ended entirely in our To favor, and I had the satisfaction of escorting an the famed De Caux and the two men I had met ing at the old White Bear to the station. sit The "swag" was almost intact, and the des- sal pair of the prisoners unique. I need not enlarge on what followed, but del explain briefly that De Caux, whose name sh afterwards transpired to be a very common one indeed, was nothing more nor less than the by pioneer of a clever gang of burglars. The "put up" job at Middlehampton-oun.- u Sea was one of the cleverest I had ever to deal with. Do Caux, as I will call him, let the I'n burglars in, and while they were at work went cla calmly back to bad. To keeop up the part hle tar ,vas playing, his accomplices walked off with his watch and chain and Gladstone bag, which, che Iowever, did not sontain a valuable mourning rut ring, or anything of value. Mr Rox got the most part of his money back, prs and spent a portion of it in having his windows better protected, and I don't mind saying that he did not forget your humble servant. Sal It was, indeed, a real slice of luck all round, save to poor Treller. da: That unhappy man never got over how he had been taken in. The notion that he had inc hobnodded gud made friends with a notorious rascal was more than he could stand, and after me ashort time he "handed his papers in" and di retired. It was ime hlie did so; but, iflam not mistaken, so far as sharpness goes, I fear that ful the race of Troller is not yet extinct.- in "Weekly Budget." chi 