[?] THE HOUSE BYJHE COMMON. (By Thomas Cobb). ' Chapter YI.— Forebodings. ' So you have not been taken away from your native land againat your will,' I said with a laugh. It was intensely hot this morning, and as we reached the muddy pond which goes by the name of the 'Brighton Lake,' she stopped and put up her sun shade; 'You have the be3t evideuce of the fact, Dr. Everest. Indeed, I bggin to hope that I am reprieved, that nobody will go away for the present, at all events.' M did not think for a moment thatMra Manningtree would refuse to accede to your wishe3,' I said. ?She did refuse, very decidedly at first,' was the reply ; 'but I was equally decided. One must make a stand for liberty, you know. Somebody says it is the only thing worth fighting for. But, after all, I am little better than a slave. Who holds the purse, holds power. I have to apply to Mrs Manningtree for every penny I require now. It is hateful— detestable.' ' Yet surely you need feel no senae of obligation,' I urged. ' The money was :your father's. Some persons would say it is morally youra now. By changing her intention to go abroad Mrs Manningtree has, at any rate, given proof of her desire to please you.' Having ascended from the level of the pond we stood still. The sun was reflected dazzUngly by the glass houses on Broad -water Down, while the dark pine woods beyond appeared . contrastingly cool and 'sombre. . The Eridg'e road wound in and out, white between the fields ; in the : middle i distance, on our right, was a hop garden; a train steamed noisily into the station below on the left. ,.. 'lam not blaming Mrs Manningtree,' Dora auswered. ' I am merely commiser ating my own lot. But she did not give way quite so agreeably as you think. .She 'did what I have never known her to do before: she lost her temper. As a rule, ?Mrs-.-Manningtree is self-poBaession per sonified. If she is angry, she grows more cool. This time she stormed at me, but, ?though I was frightened, 1 would not cyield. She declared that sherwas going; and that I must; accompany ..her.. This took 'place before Mr Lascelies, who looked as if he would willingly compel rme.-'.-.. .; . ...:., .... . . .. J. Stiil,'Xpersisted, 'the best of us lose our tempera now and then, and it was only a storm in a teacup. It is to her credit that you have never known Mrs Manningtree to lose her temper before.' 'At all events,' Dora continued, ' she announced her altered decision this morn ing. She called me . to her room after, breakfast, and I confess she spoke kindly enough. My father had left me to her: care, she reminded me ; she could never1 forget that she owed it to him to watch over my interests ; she could never let these clash with her own. Since I did not wish it, I should not leave home at present ; the journey was postponed.' 'That,' I hinted, .' was all you could deBiret : 'Mrs Manningtree told me she was, going to London thiB morning,' Dora re sumed, ' and as Boon aB she started I took a book and came to the Pantiles. I could! not. stay in the house alone with Mr Lascellea. I only wish. I need not re turn.' 'But,' I said, 'you will not be abso-; lutely alone with him ; there are the servants.' : ? There are no servants,' she answered, as we reached Hungershall Park, ' only; Mrs Hutchings — the woman who waa: there when Colonel Manningtree died .' 'I know there was only the one woman in the house at that time/ I said ; but, a housemaid waited at table on the day of the funeral.' 'That was Mra Hutchima's daughtur; sometimes she comes to help her mother. Mrs Manningtree gave her mourning, especially for your benefit, I suppose ; she' has hot appeared in it since. Mrs Man-: ningtree said it was not worth while to; engage fresh servants, as Bhe intended going abroad. No?r, I should ? think she will get some ; it is very uncomfortable a it la/ ' Perhaps/ I suggested, ' she has gone to London for that purpose to-day/ 'Dr. Everest/ Baid Dora, stopping as we' descended the hill, 8 why is it that there ib never anybody but ourselves in the house at night ?' ' There is Mrs HutchingB ? ?' I began. ' She goes away at nine o'clock and comes before breakfast. The top floor of the house is deserted. No one goea there but Mr Lascelies. I dare not go ; I scarcely dare ? to go to my own room at night.' I disliked the idea of Dora's being alone in that house with Laacelles. Most of us judge persons by their faces, and juat as I had formed my ©pinion of Dora from the first glance at her, sol Bummed up Lascelles's character tha moment I saw him in my consulting-room on the even-, ing of the 2nd of July. ' For how long has Mrs Manningtree gone V I asked, t 'She promiaed to return to-night, was the answer. § ' But suppose there should be an accident, that she miaaes the train; suppose Bhe does not return ! Mrs Hutch'ings will go away at nine o'clock ; I shall be alone in the house with Mr Lascelies. I cannot endure that— I shall never be able to stay. Yet/ she added, pitifully, ' I have nowhere elae to go to.' Now I had not started rout that morn ing with any intention of telling Dora of my love. Indeed, I had no certainty that I should see her, and whilst I was convinced that years would not enable me to know her better than I did already, I did not wish to ruin my chance of success by too great precipitation. But when she uttered her last piteous words, looking the while bo sorrowfully into my face^ a mad impulse seized me. 'Dora/ I cried, drawing close to her side, 'come to me.' \\- The change in her face instantly warned me /of my mistake. Trusting me impli citly, she had laid bare her heart to the only friend she possessed within many miles. , : j[ had allowed myself to believe that her confidence betokened something more thjjan mere friendship. I had taken adVantage of her trust. ? per face flushed, her shoulders were thrown back, her head was held more erect. As she drew close to the low hedge which skirted the road she regarded me wit h_deep reproach. . . , 'Bit iu brute !' her blue eyea Beemed to say. { . . .... . ' ???? In.) order to exonerate' myself I felt bound to continue on my unfortunate course. In order to obtain her. forgive ness 3/ must convinca her, at least, of my earneB|neBS. , v , ' ' I fear I have been over-bold/ I began, but ah^ impetuously interrupted me. ?' ' I dd not understand you, Dr.' Everest. I am aftaid I— I have misunderstood you all along.' ' 'Do»t say that/ I urged her; ' I-et me m^l£e my meaning clear. Dora, I love you — ' / . - # ' Whom you have not seen half-a-dozen times, n3r for Bix hours altogether,' she cried co atemptuously. \ . 'It is true, nevertheless/ I -continued. 'It wasjtrue when I had seen you only once— if; will be true if I Bee you a thousand times. From the first moment I lookedipa your face —that day when you entered; the room expecting jto see ypur father-%-1 loved you. I recognise iny mis take ; %ou do . not return . , my. love. I ought tfo have waited for happier daya before^peaking of it, yet it was only your unhapfldnesa which forced my hand. My motherjdives in London; I would have taken Jrou to her, now, to-day. You would b e welcomed as a daughter until you cpujld bring yourB^lf ~to become her son s wife.' She sftared wistfully before her a few momen«B, and I knew Bhe dared not trust herself Jto speak. 5, . ' If I spoke hastily, forgive me, Dr EvereBft,' Bhe faltered, presently, ?Onl* tell me you' pardon my im patienca,' I urged. 'Dora, is it not possible/to do aB I aBk you V ' Nof no/ she cried, raising her hands imploringly, « I cannot do that. I appre ciate yovur kindness— the kindness which prompts so great a aacrifice. I cannot thick c/f anything -of my own happinesa —of anything— until I decide aa to mv futy^J' , ;, ,' ??:; T* 'ftfcat ia ^hat J aak you VtO'do,?to decrfde your future by consenting to marr the. I am not a rich man ; but. neither em I entirely dependent upon my practice. Let it go ; we will leave thia place, and your happiness uhall be my first' con sideration as long as I live.' 'Please do not say any more,' she murmured. 'What you ask cannot be. You muBt see how impossible it is. I will never involve another in my own fate/ v 'Your— your own 'ate I' ' I have never dared' to speak, even to you, to whom I have told so much, of what is on my mind. I cannot account for the feeling ; but it is terribly real, Sometimes I think that Buch an all pervading conviction is more truly im portant than any amount of reasoning. Dr. Everest, ' I know that there is some awful doom hanging over me.' ' What makes you think so V I asked as coolly as I could. . 'I do not know ; it may be the very atmosphere I breathe. I cannot shake off the feeling. Do what I will, go where I will, there is always hanging over me this sense of impending doom.' 'A moment,'* cool consideration will show you how irrational are. your fears,' I urged. 'It is not so much a fear as a forebod ing, Dr. Everest. Oh ! I know you can not realise the truth of it. I know it must appear as the result of my own morbidfancy. But,'' she added solemnly, * you will see. You will see what fate is in store for me, and that I shall have no power to resist it.' Have you ever, when listening to a ghost stbry, been impelled to glance over your shoulder to make sure that nothing gruesome was there ? You do not believe in ghoBts, perhaps. But- that does not matter. You are surrounded, as it were, Dy the atmosphere of the story; its narrator has entrapped your reason, his fiction encompasses you round about, and l'ke the lady in Mrs Crowe's ' Night Side °f Nature,' if you do not believe in ghosts, you feel very dcaidedly that you would not. like to Bee one. . .... Now, I was sure that Dora's foreboding had no foundation. I did not share her fear for an instant, yet, listening to her expression of it, witnessing her strong; conviction, I did become, for the moment, afraid, of what might be in store for her. And knowing that in certain cases it is as difficult to arrive at all the facts which leadvto a conclusion as it is to obtain a full statement of a spendthrift's ? debts, I doubted not that she must have, some kind of evidence in reserve, which ap peared to support her suspicions. ?No; power to resist what !' I aBked, refraining from treating the affair too seriously. 1 Don't ask me j' she answered. ' Don't ask me to apeak about it any more. Let ?me treat this morning as a holiday.' 'Not a very successful one, I am afraid.' : , . .. , ' I began by trying to be cheerful,' she continued, as we turned and reascended the hill, with fields on our left and houses on pur right. ' But it is always! the same now. I always hark back to the one topic: I scarcely think of any other.' ' 'Just tell me this,' I said. 'This lense of dread has oppressed you for 3ome time. Tell me what led you to give it tongue this morning? Has it anything to '.do with Mrs Manningtree's absence ? ' Every circumstance of my life intensi fies it,' she answered. ' The only special reaBon I can give will seem childish and insufficient. You know that no one comes to The Friars. When people called at first— before I went to Norfolk —Mrs Marihingtree was always not at home,and she never returned their visits. Mr Las celles had a visitor yesterday; I was in the drawing-room when Mrs Hutchinga brought him in without warning. He was a welt-dressed man, looking' a-ell-to- do farmer; hisname was Oartwright. He walked up to Mr Lascellea and addressed him as Mr Roberts. Then Mrs Manning tree turned pale, and led me immediately from the room.' . * There appears nothing alarming thus far,' I hinted. - ? I knew you would think so. I cannot point all the little details which create, suspicion. Mr Lascelles took great pains when Mr, .Oartwright was gone to explain that he had come to the wrong house. But I cannot help thinking that it was this visit which led Mrs Manningtree to change her intentions about going abroad, Un&tp; leave Tunbridge Wells-so suddenly to-day/ ' la not that rather ungenerous?' I asked. ' How can there be anything bub plcious in the visit of a harmless person such as you describe. One thing I gather, by the way, however, your sense of fore boding is connected with Laacellea.' ' I connect Mr Lascelles with, all that is unhappy in my life, Dr. Everest. Yet I have to go home— home ! I have no home— to go back to him ; to sit facing him at luncheon ; to remain alone' with him- — — ' ??'??' x ' At least you are not without an alteri native,' I suggested. Give up all idea of returning to The Friars. Oome with me now, and before' night you shall be with my people in London.' It needed but this repetition of my proposal to nerve her to return to The Friara at once. ...?'. ' No, ho ! I have told you it is impossi ble,' she cried. 'Good-by, Dr. Everest. I am not likely to forget you — your kind ness — even if we never meet again.' ' Two persons can hardly live in Tun bridge Wells without meeting occasion ally,' I answered with an attempt at cheerfulness. ? ' We shall see,' she said, and as my hand held her own she pressed it de cidedly. ? I stood gazing after her as she walked aoroas the common, taking a direct line to the lane which led to The Friara, over the young furze and bracken. It may have been owing to her desire to preserve a brave exterior, lest I should follow and importune her further, but I noticed that her step was light and free, while the supple body, the well-poised head, seemed to indicate perfect physical health and strength, strongly in contrast with my diagnosis of her mental condition. Chapter vii.— dr. donaidson. Knowing no rest until I made sure of Mrs Manningtree's return, I left my house in the London road a little before nine o'clock that evening and strolled towards The Friara. Punctually to the minute Mrs Mutchings came along the lane with a bag bulging beneath her ehawl, and I knew that Dora was alone in the desolate house with Lasc3lle3. Without thinking that she had any actual cause for alarm, I could imagine her feel ings, and, in truth/my own were not favourably disposed towards him. Turning from the lane to the common, a little before ten o'clock, I heard the sound of wheels ; a carriage paBsed me driving in. the direction whence I had come. I retraced my steps, and saw Mrs Manningtree alight at The Friars. She was closely veiled ; but as the moonlight fell upon her, it was impossible to be mistaken. Yet she had assuredly not come from either of the stations, nor, unless she had subsequently indulged in a ceuntry drive, from London. Re-assured, however, by her return, I walked home contentedly, and, smoking a pipe alone afterwards, tried to persuade myself that Dora's fears, would soon, for sake her. Then I estimated my own chances of success in the enterprise which was the most important of my life, and in this respect also, retired to bed not entirely hopeless. ? , Two days later— on Thursday, the 5th of August— I was walking the afternoon round, when, meeting the carriage of Dr. Smith, one of the most popular practi tioners in the town, I was surprised to recognise the face of an. old Bart.'s man. Lying back in the victoria, with one arm extended along its lowered hood, Donald son appeared monarch of, at least, all he surveyed : a fair, curly-haired handsome fellow, with the faintest trace of whiskers and no sign of; a moustache, his youthful appearance might have been greatly in Mb disfavour if it had not been compen sated for by an air, of patronising import ance. Though he was my junior, I never felt so young as when in his presence. 'Donaldson ! Donaldson !' I Bhouted ; and, turning his head slowly, 'he stared round with lifted eyebrows as if to inquire who on earth dared to take so great a liberty. Recognizing me, however, he Bmiled graciously; and, telling the coach man to stop, waited until the carriage was properly 'drawn up by the kerb before alighting. . ' Why, Everest, my dear fellow !' he cried, offering hia hand in his over whelming way as he looked down from his greater height. He stood six feet two inches in hia boots. « What are you doing here?' ' Didn't I tell you V I answered. « I have settled down to a practice here.' 'If you did, I forget it/ he said, as if he had a number of important affairs on hia mind. '? Glad you have settled down, at any rate. Some people thought you never would, you know. I am' looking after Smith's practice while he is in Switzerland. An awful lot to do! tre mendous practice ! All the tip-top people in the place.' ' Come in and see me to-night,' I sug gested ; 'my house is just round the corner in .the London Road.' 'My dear fellow,' I never have a moment. I only arrived the night before last, and I have been a Blave ever since — a perfect Blave. You must come to me; you know Smith's place, of courae. Come and have some dinner to-morrow,- seven o'clock. I assented, and, firBt beckoning the coachman to pull up by the exact spot on which he stood, he. entered the car riage. . The sympathetic reader will understand, why I smoked out-of-doors' that even ing ; and if he has ever been to Tunbridgo Wells, he will know that * out-of-doors signifies the common, which forms the lungs of the town. Indeed, quitting my ray door, it was necessary only to cross the narrow road to find one's feet on the grass. Strolling towards Mount Ephraim, and past the Wellington Hotel, I took the second lane on the right, and stopped a few hundred yards down to staro at the high, dismal house, with its top floor in total darkness, and to indulge in many ' long, long thoughts ' of one of its in mate?. It was late when I left home, and when I again reached the common eleven o'clock had struck. Disinclined for sleep, instead of going home, I turned to the right along the road leading to Rusthall Common. The night was. oppressively hot, and I took a seat at the corner, facing a small pond. The moon was rising, but the tall elms behind kept me in the shadow. Not a sound wag to be heard. I had been there perhaps a quarter of an hour, when I distinguished the sound of a horse's hoofs on the hard road from Langton, and presently 'saw what looked like1 a white, open, funeral car approaching. As the churchyard was so close at hand, the suggestion was un canny.' The vehicle stopped almost opposite my seatj and now I perceived that it was a quaint conveyance, narrow enough to pass through an: ordinary; doorway, with room for only one person on each, seat, whilst its lower portion was painted white, and to represent wicker work. The driver clumsily alighted to : open its door, when to my surprise a; ?woman stepped out, and in spite of her long thick veil, bo out .of place on this sultry night, I at once recognised Mrs Manningtree. Before I had time to speculate concern ing the motive which led her to alight half a mile from her own door, she leaned within the vehicle, and helped someone else out of it. She also was closely veiled : a tall, slender girl, who could be none other than Dora. - The - driver being paid, very. liberally, to judge by his thanks, remounted the box, and turning his horse drove back the way he had come, - The girl took Mrs Manningtree's prof fered arm, and the pair walked away together. It aatonished me that Dora should lean for support on her step mother, but I remained quietly where I was until they had obtained a fair start and then set out slowly in pursuit. Now I should have resented, indignantly, the assertion that I could fail to be certain ot Dora's identity at anytime or place. I Bhould not have doubted her identity even now, if I had not seen ;a light in her windown and- construed ;this as a token of her presence- at The Friars. The girl's height was the same as Dora's ; her hair, as well as I could dis tinguish by the light of the moon, was as fair; the only difference was a certain heaviness of gait,; unlike her lig ht,' buoy ant movement. But,, on the other hand, the girl, who ever she might be, was in bad health, and this probably affected her demeanour. Occasionally she coughed, when, bending over her, Mrs Manningtree would whisper in her ear, and, if the cough did not cease, it sounded muffled. What could Dora be doing on Rusthall Common with Mrs Manningtree at midnight ? Indeed, what 'could Mrs Manningtree be ? doing with or without Dora 1 Why, if she had . driven from Langton or one of the ad jacent villages, did she not alight at her own house 1 . - . Trying to silence my doubts, to assure myself that her companion could be none other than Dora, I followed cautiously until they turned down the lane and pre sently entered the gates of The Friars. Mr Lascelles opened the door before they reached it, as if he had been watching for their coming; they entered the dimly lighted hall, and the door was closed behind them. I heard the bolt shot into its socket. Between the laths of the Venetian blind in Dora.'s bedroom, fell a faint light, and on the other side of the house, directly over the room in which my patient breathed his last, on the unused top story, I also perceived a light : a thin streak at the top of the window, to be accounted for only by the fact that the shutters were closed but failed exactly to reach the lintel. As I turned reluctantly from -;he house, and at last came again to the open common, which looked cold in the flood of moonlight, though the night was still hot and oppressive, T began to think I was as superstitious aa Dora herself. I could not shake off a sense of vague un easiness. There was mystery abroad to night. It seemed ridiculous to believe that Mrs Manningtree's companion was not Dora. Yet if she was Dora, what was the explanation of her presence, of the weakness under which she evidently laboured. These were questions I was entirely unable to answer, although I sat up trying to do so well into the small hours Seven o'clock on Friday evening found my legs beneath Dr. Smith's mahogany, whilst Donaldson did the honours to his solitary guest. Dinner over, I had lighted my pipe and Donaldson was rolling a cigarette, while he discoursed eloquently of hia labours, when he was called to the consulting room. Left alone, 1 walked to the window, where I Btood looking out on the darken ing street, until the room door opened and Donaldson re-entered with hia hat on. ' Awfully sorry, my dear fellow,' he said, taking his gloves from the sideboard. ' A deuce of a bore to think a mail can't have ten minutes to himself. I am just going across the common. 1 shan't be long ; you will find heaps of books on the shelf.' : : Before I could reply he was talking to someone in the hall, and as I heard the voice that answered him, I was transfixed by surprise. Alow-toned, grating, voice, contiasting with Donaldson's somewhat strident tones. As the street door was slammed, I drew close to the window taking care to be hidden by the curtains. My anticipations were confirmed : the closely buttoned-up figure beside Donald son was Mr Lascellea. (To he continued.) 