THE CARR0NDOWN WIFE ASSAULT CASE. AEMSTR0XG~OCll.Tr OF ATTEMPTED MUUDKtt. IMPBISONMENT FOE LIFE. Tba afternoon of Tuesday, the first day of thoOotobor Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court, was Occupied with the trial of Hamilton Armstrong, who was. charged with having at Carrondown on July 24, 1S93, feloniously and unlawfully wounded Sarah Armstrong, his wife, with intent to do her come bodily injury, and with intent to UiU and murder her. . 1 .Mr. V. F. Smith appeared for the.defence, and raised a preliminary objection to the in- I dictment on the ground that the two oounts it embraced were repugnant to each other, and that consequently thewholewasbad. His Honor overruled the objection, saying that the counts were not at variance, and that*it was for the Jnry to decide as to the guilt or otherwise of t(e accused on either the lesser or the graver ooont. Sarah Armstrong, wife of the prisoner, and living at Carrondown, appeared in.Court with dressings around .her head, and was the first witness called. She said that up to July 21 shehad boen on good terms with her husband, vbo had at that time been home for a week after a visit to Melbourna. On the morning of the day mentioned witness was dreseing in the bedroom, the husband being in bed at the time. Whilst engaged in putting on her boots ?lie suddenly lost ooaeoiousness. When she oame to she was lying on the floor, and tliefre- j upon soreamed, The wound on witness's head was not there before she loBt con ?stoutness. O/oss-examined by Mr. Smith Prior to her husband's visit to Melbourne be said lie had loBt his salvation, and he 1 thought ho might be able to regain it if he went back. lie had at one time been con nected with the Salvation Army at Echuca, and he said he thought it would be better for bis spiritual state if he went baok to the people there. They had been married for about ten months, and since their marriage her husband had not done any work. Soon after the marriage tbe husband went away, and witness then went back to live at her own house, j where the events she had previously detailed tank place. He wanted her to sell her own house, but she said she would will it to her childreB. Shortly before he went to Mel bourne be was one day going to jump into the water in the Botanio Garden?. When he returned from Melbourne he said he had been in a hospital, bat did not say for what reason. Re-examined by the Crown Prosecutor-Sinoe their marriage witness had supplied him with money. He took to drinking after the marriage. Robert Stuart, legally qualified medical pzaotitioner, of Hindmarsh, eaid he was called to the house of Mrs. Armstrong at about half-past 8 o'clock on the morning of July 24. Found a soalp wound about an inch and a half long on the bade of the head, bub did not notice any symptoms of depression. The wound might hare been caused by the iron dog produced, and had evidently been sustained within a couple of hours of tho time witness saw Mrs. Armstrong. A subsequent examination with Dr. Poulton revealed three additional small ironnds on the right anterior part of the head and a fraoture of tho scalp. All the four ironnds oould nob have been caused by one blow. An operation had to be performed to ?are her life, which waB endangered by the wound. Did not think she was in danger now. Lance-Corporal W. Boath, stationed at Hmdmarsb, stated that at about S a.m. on July 24 tbe accused oame to the Hindmarsh Police Station, and said, "I want to give myself in charge, because I've killed my wife with' a piece of iron." He was exoited and anxious to get iuto the cell. Went to the bonse, and there saw Mrs. Armstrong lying on the bed. There was a considerable amount of blood on Mrs. Armstrong's head and hands and her clothes. Found the iron dog produced in the room. There were several hairs on the foot of the dog. When cautioned the accused mid, " I must have boen mad ; I hit her with the iron dog." In ooming to tho Court on the following morning Arm strong eaid, " I have been suffering from roligious mania lately, and have been for two weeks in the Melbourne Hospital. I intended to come aud see you last night to tell you the Btateof my inind." Abont nine months ago the accused took again to drinking habits. _ Dr. Alexander S. Paterson, Colonial Sur geon, said he had speoialjy examined and observed Armstrong Binoe his admission to the gaol, and had not been able to detect any disease of the brain or impaired intelligence or memory, He possessed apparent self oontrol. Believed the accused at the time understood right from wrong. Armstrong told ^witness that he had been in the hospital ward of the Melbourne Gaol on account of inability to control himself, and that he had suioidial inclinations. He further claimed that he was insane at the time he committed the offenoB-suffering from reli gious mania and " irresistible impulse." He claimed to be sane sow. Tbe defendant's statement, made at the Police Court, was put in and read. Mr. Smith said tbe only evidenoe be proposed to call was as to the accused's state of mind. Sarah Ann Wilson, widow, of South Mel bourne, stated that the aooused, who was a cousin of hers, oame to her house on June 23. After he had been there for Bome time he talked about religion, and said that be had sinned againBt the Holy Ghost, that he could nob get forgiveness, and that hell was open before him. He then knelt down in the passage and priyed. Next day took him out for a walk, and when in Smith-street, Collingwood, he knelt down, and afterwards began calling out and praying in the streets. In the evening witness sent for a'dootor, who preBoribed for Armstrong. After the doctor had left he (the aooused) walked around the house and asked where tbe knives were kept, saying he wanted to cut his throat. On the following morning Armstrong waj found hanging up in the yard by a dog chain. There was a log of wood lying alongside the aocused's feet. He was got down, and then said he must put an end to himself, and put a clothesline around his neck. Afterwards went to the polioe and gave himself in charge. This was on June 25, and on July 8 he was re leased by the police aud stayed with witness till the following Saturday. During the interval he appeared to be as mad as before. Armstrong's aunt had died in a lunatic asylum in Ireland. Witness had known him all his life, and was not aware that ho had unduly indulged in drink. Miss Wilson, a daughter of the previous witness, gave corroborative evidence. John Porter, chemist, of Rundle-street, stated that on Friday, July 21, Armstrong oame to his shop in the evening, and, in reply to a question as to what was wrong with bim, Eaid-"Everything is the matter. I ought not to haveoome baok from Melbourne. A voice told me on the steamer that I- ought not to have 3ome back." When asked whether he liad been drinking Armstrong said he had nob been drunk for a fortnight; he had only had a glaeB of beer. He also stated that after be bad left Melbourno in the steamer Aramao be bad got off Boon after starting and had then gone on to a coal steamer, by which he came to Adelaide. Bte said the devil had sent him baok to Adelaide, and further that ^statement made by a Mr. Naricarrow anent a sin that oould not be forgiven was running through his brain, and that euioide and death were fol lowing him. It had been his inten tion. be' said, to commit euioide that night, but he hod altered his mind. Witness could not detect any traces of drink about Armstrong. Had noticed eome eocen trioities in the accused's oonduot eince about two years previously. Dr. Paterson, recalled, stated that when examined at the Gaol Armstrong knew the difference between right and wrong. A period of calm usually succeeded the outburst of violence. It was within about forty-eight' hours after the committal of the crime that witnesB'saw Armstrong. Had heard of oases where a great moral Bhock had led to the dis appearance of symptoms of insanity. The man's recovery from the condition desoribed by Mr. Porter was so rapid that witness thought it likely to have been dtie to an artificial cause, euoh as drink ing and smoking. If the plea of insanity was accepted Armstrong was dangerous. Symptoms arising from drinking might last for some time after the drinking had been discontinued. Witness would rather not reply to the question whether any portion of the evidence indioated irresistible impulse. . In his address to the Jury Mr. Smith pointed out the entire absence of motive, and set out that if the Jnry were unable to find that the assault had been committed with felonious idtent they oould simply find him guilty of i wounding. Everything pointed to the fact that the man was not accountable for all his doings. His Honor the Chief Justice gave an exhaustive summing up, indicating that there could be no doubt as to the committal of the attack by the prisoner, but that the grave question for the Jury to oonsider was what was the man's state of mind at the time. It was just before C p.m. when the gentle men of the Jury retired to consider their verdict, whioh, given after an hour and a half's deliberation, was "Guilty of attempted murder." His Honor, in passing sentence, said that in the whole oourse of his experience he bad not met with a more wanton and oruel aot than that of which the prisoner had been found guilty. The question of his sanity had been oarefully presented to the Jury, who had come to the conclusion-and he (His Honor) could see no reaBoc to diffei from it-that the prisoner was responsible for his aationa at the time he committed the offence, although he had been eccentric in bis behaviour for a long time previously, and that he possessed a knowledge of the quality of the deed. It had only been by the merest aocident that the oruel weapon used had not caused the death of Mrs. Arm strong. A very little more force than that used for the infliotion of either of the two blows, or possibly a slightly different inclination of the viotim's bead, could have resulted in instantaneous death. The penalty of the law in the case of a terrible crime like that of whioh the prisoner had been found guilty was imprisonment for life, and he thought that this was right, because a man who had been guilty of attempted*murder was morally as guilty as a man who completed the act. In this (Armstrong's) caBe there had been no, failure of resolution on the part of the prisoner, for it was but by mere aooident that the terrible blows inflioted had not caused the death of the viotim. No motive had been shown for the aot, and there was oertainly not the exouse of any immediate provocation. He did not feel justified in saying that a man of the prisoner's character ehould be at large. It migbt happen that after long years of servitude and expressions of oontrition for his offenoe by the prisoner that the prerogative of mercy would be exeroised in hiB behalf. It was nia plain duty to pass the extreme penalty provided by the law for offenoes such as this, and the sentence of the Court was that Arm strong should be kept imprisoned for the term of his natural life. The prisoner-" Can I speak a word nowI" The Judge-"No." Armstrong, who had watched the proceed ings without any display of emotion or feeling, was then removed from the dock. The unfor tunate wife of the oondieted man remained seated in the Court, and did not appear to realize the nature of the proceedings that had juBt taken place. 