Humour; If there were no offioos there would be no politics. A husband at home is worth two in a saloon. Champagne is an engaging beverage, the oorks pop so pleasantly. We ask for justioe, and what do we Ret F Just ice I ° ' Self-conceit always p tiffs as up so that our eyes go shut. It sometimes takes an entire lifetime to pay for one folly* AU the world would be good if it did not cost too maeh trouble. What is the name of the people whe oome after us P Mr. Hardup (without pawing in his reading) —Oolleo tore. Passenger— 1 1 say, oonduotor, there's an old gentleman fallen off tha 'bus.' Oonduo tor—1 That's all right, he's paid his fare.' He— 4 Now, I admit that I am no angel ' — She — 1 No ? So that was not what papa meant whea he said you were something of ahigh-fiyer.' The man who went on the police foroe to cure insomnia should join the medical frater nity to avert the oholera. The Groom (very wealthy) —Why did you marry an ordinary chap like me P The Bride—I haven't the slightest idea J Tnftir)mn managed the whole sffair. A Vacation in Town— A'ttalie— ( Did Chollie Bohrmau enjoy his vacation at the seaside P' Amelie— 4 1 don't know, but his friends in town did.' A Beal Gallant— Mother— So you wish my daughter for your wife P He (gallantly) —Partly that, madam, and parbly that yon may be my mother-in-law. Hojaok— Skid more is a very valuable man. : Tomdik— In what way ? Hojaok— His i teeth are filled with gold, and his system is ; ^permeated , withbiohloride . I » *or am .prepared to saennoe -everything— honor, titles, fortune, fortune — ' Sweet Seventeen (in utter dismay): * Then what will there be left for me P' Penelope — ? Pshaw ! He hasn't any brainB.' Perdita (angrily)—* Perhaps you don't know that he is going to marry me P' Penelope— 4 Oh, job ; that's about all I know about him, in faot' Mamma— 'Didn't I tell you not to take any more preserves ont of the closet ?' John ny—1 Yes'm.' Mamma— If you wanted some why didn't you ask me for someP Johnny ? 'Because I wanted som^' A Happy Outlook — Newly Made Bride Mamma eays she does not tMnt* we will ever quarrel as die and papa do. Groom ? Never, dearest. Newly Made Bride ? No ; she says you will be muoh easier to manage than papa was.— Harper9 % Batar. Advice on the subjeot of ghost-seeing given by a hardened sceptic to a young mend. 1 My dear boy, if a ghost oomeB in At thn dnnp. taVa n. niRtsvl ? if 1i. aumab through the fl)or, take a pill.' Pat the right kind of a good tn^n In any community and he will soon make every mean man among his neighbors feel as hamed of himself. Mrs. Dix— What is it the sign of to have the family cat howl outside at night ? Dix —Of a death in tbe family— if a man is a good shot.— Frank Leslie's Weekly. * What do yon mean by thrashing your boy without provocation F' ' Well, you Bee, a busy man like me must disoipline his children when he happens to have time.'— Fliegenie Blatter. 