AVAS IT A GHOST THEY' SAAV ? Mr.s. II. H. J kn-uings lives at No. 211, Main Street Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night eaily in December (1S91) Gio two women locked all the doors and wont to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the houso. They left the gas burning, howovor, in the front parlour. At about lmlf-past cloven tlioy returned, and entered the hou&o; laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour their merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic staturo. Tho uppor part of Ids i'aoo was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleamiug through tho oyoholos in it; His shirt-sleavos word rolled up, and in ono hand he carried a long old-fasliiouod pistol. The women fled scroaining from tho room, and when Mr. Jennings carno in five minutes later lie found no one in tho parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked; What was it tho women saw ? " During a rocont period of ill health," writes an Amoriean friend, lI had slept badly for several successive nights. On tho fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like tho calling of my namo ; and at tlio foot of tho bed stood tlio imago of) my mother just as sho looked five years bt-foro, as sho was leaving homo to go on a journoy, on which journey sho was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and faintod. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Y"ot I did, and am in perfect health now. I beliovo that vision came of my wook- nerves, for i'vo never seen it since, and it's more than tlireo years ago now." No doubt it was tho nerves. AVhy, there's not end to the tricks the nerves will play oil on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows : — I was so dreadfully nervous I could not boar any ono in the room with me, yet 1 did not wish thcin far away in ease I should c ill out for help. This was in June, 1S89, I slept -very badly, and in the morning folt lilllo tho bcln'r for having gone to bed. 'There was often a suvoro pain in my bead and over my eyes, and I was sick most of tlio tirao, My skin was dry and yollow, and the stomach and bowels felt eold and dead, By-and-by I had to lie helpl03s in bod. Tho doctor raid ho didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain oven that- on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bono. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should loso my 'senses, and my friends agreed that I would ncvor get hotter. "I had given up all hope, when ono day Mrs. AYoat, of Bournemouth, called and 'asked what I was taking. Sho told mo that sho was herself onco justas badly off, and was eurod by Mother Soigol's Ourativo Syrup. As she scorned to havo so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in tlireo days I was able to walk across the room, and by tlio end of tlio week I wont downstairs. Now I am as well as ever, I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness lias left me." The malady Mrs. Fostor suffered from was indi gestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original causojwas grief and shock at tlio violontdeath of her husband, by aceitjcnt, and tho system rallied only wlion the Syrup had given now vigour to tlio digestion and thus fed and tonod tho nerves. AVhatevor may bo your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true the most uncanny visions and sounds inonn nothing moro or less than a sot of nei-vos all upset by indigostion and dyspepsia. Ghosts como from the insido of the peison who sees tlioui, and when Mother Soigol's Syrup does its work tlio oyos and oars entertain only what is natural and wholesome. T Revision or tiie Juiiy List. — The annual mcot- of tho Bench of Magistrates for the revision of tbo Jury List will be held at Y'ass on Tuesday the 112th insfant. Persons who should wish to have their names removed should communicate with the Registrar of the District Court (Mr. G. Addison). Being over flavours of age, in ill-health, deafer blind, aro reasons for removal, hilt they must be stated. 