Fisher's fvbost and jdl Tlifiit. , iAjeb sttAftpii /From like Detroit Free ri fe emallness of due world iiB£-,o^£en L , beeii inpiefci ujaon^nd moid; peoble can cite lBBtenceB which. go to shot* mat the %J globe is not B3 big as geographers pre tend. A Detroit -man walking up the Boulevard in Paris meets a friend from Japan a.nfl fliaif first exclamation is that the world, after all, is pretty small. Here is a little agcount of a chalice W of three men in Jjondob Ae Hiplt fthifch struck infe a§ tather dad, aha as it ^oiildiidtdb, lit ,t»Sbiiasb fco fee usedBetijfdSwh Kterfe, faiid for reason I give the real namesof every one concerned, so that anyone who does not believe me can look up the facts if he cares to go to that trouble. The Author's Club is one of the most re cently funned of London clubs and it occu pies -Very pretty premises on the Thome# em bahkmishl ih the finine btiitditig that houses the Sumptuous National liberal Qijb, The AuUiors' 6wes its exiptencfc, I believe, to MivWaitter BesanfcjWhb Hag left England to represent 3Cn^lish literature at thfe Chicago exhibition. The Authors is runon the lines of some of the New York Literary clubs, more so than any other club in London, and islargey due to the influence of the hon. secretary, itr. Douglas SJaden, who is an ad mirer ofcertain features of American literary life. He is well acquainted with American literary men and their work, and bis decent * interesting article in the English Illustrated Magazine en United states writers and books showa. 4 Every Monday night there is a house dito fier at the Authors' similar tb the Saturday function at the Savage. It is set on Monday, so as not to clash with the older institutdii, as both clubs possess many members in commbn. . \- One Monday night, ndt long ago, there was 6 notable assemblage of iiien whohad msde dynasties^ and publishers tremble. Douglas {SladelTwas in the chair. Mr. J- Henniker Heaton, member of Parliament for Canter bury and advocate of penny postage between all English speaking countries, sat at the . right band of the chair and X sat on the left. I dont mention my position near the head of the table through any feeling of biag for greater honors have been showered on me at the Author g, and I have occasionally held down die chair myself. ' I am merely drawing out a wa£ m&p; or the situation with infinite details. In the course of conversation ^ r.Heniiiker Heaton, finding I was a member of the stuff of The Detroit Free Press , asked me if I re member years ago how that paper started a punning controversy about the number of apples Eve ate and how all the papers took it up wntil the numbrr the unfortunate woman devoured was millions. ?* I think,3 he said,' that it began like this: ' Era ate one and Adam, two, which made three. Than another paper said Eve ate one and Adan ate one, too, which counted four; another that Eve eight one, which made nine, and Attn.m one too, which totalled twelve, and . thus thething went along.' . I w».id I remembered the Idiotic controversy well. I didn't The Free Press was guilty of starting it, but I knew it was to blame for aiding and abetting the crime. At that lime I worked the scissors in The Free Press.office in Detroit and had several tones cot out item with its constant accretions until, as we could not give up the whole paper to its growing bulk wehad toletit go. 1 re membered that some of tile comments were bdded as fat- awayas Australia, as I had dipped the item out of the Town and Country Journal* the linge weekly of Sydney, Sew South Wales. - ThenitwasMr Henniker Heaton's innings. TTa 6aid : '£ edited and was part owner of the Town and Oountry Journal at tiffi time. It was a bright day when i he Detroit Free ? Pressarrived. Wje gotthem two ^rsbreeat j a time. " I cut that item out of The Free Press, added to it and ttarted it on its rounds in Australia.' Then Doudas Sladen took upjthe runnings 'Ton may recollect,' he said to the membra r>P P»ri;».Tn«nf.,«thatyou sent the Town and Country Journal to me in Japan. _ I ? Free Press there at the same tine. That -celebrated sum in addition came at mc from both east and west. I clipped it out of one or both of the papers and took it to a mend, of mifie, who edited a native Japanese | journal. He 'understood English and en ^teavored -to translate it into Japanese, publishing it in his paper. He missed the ' point of puns entirely and treated the matter , quite seriously, saying that there was_an cobdeavor on the part of the religious world in and Australia to find out how many -apples Eveiate, but he did not see, he ad mitted, how they arrived at the conclusion that she corisumed several millions, even with . the help of Adaan.' . It struck as rather odd ftat three men who^rfi manipulated the same item, one in Australia, one in Japan and the other in the IJnit^ slates Bhould happen to meet around the same table in London. . But illfchat has nothing to do with *lslier 'or his -ghost. Henniker Heaton told the Fisher's ghost yarn, whieh is a true story, and thee vents happened manyyears ftngfayh'a. -The gho&t; gtory has been printed several times in English and jfasstxakaii paperej bmi^the sequel to it Mr Heaton happened to" meet when he "wafe __ making TCseascbes in Australia among olgcial^ docu ment* while preparing his weu-fciosm book o6 Ajistasalia. The sequel lie i*I:Bves has never been' printed. - Fisher was a rici. raochm*n who iived vets muolj stone. Bis companion was & mm eonk^ed mn^ et-iiwlicbi, and it f an old Joke tigalhst JuustsalfaL that lite people there tie net «l proof iff their jacegtrjr as are the aristocracy of England. For the lift of Ine I cqnhtit Bee why this ehduld be, for the mi- 1 were thieves, as a { SlteSm^fras:: rather than to be, uy, Sell wrynne; out that, of coarse, is all a matter of taste. * Well, one day Fisher disappeared and the ' eonvict said he had gone to Irelandto claim a large properly he 'had fallen hair to and that lis had left the ranch and all its belong ings to the Convict. The people around thought the 8ttij of fbher't disappearance rather fishy, but there was nothing to show that it was not so and suspicion would likely hfive qliieted aown we^e it not for the un timely £p£te&fcnfe;£ oti tiii efene Of Fi sixer's gtvst. Fisher's ghost was seen by a passerby mining on a fence near his former residence. 'The person who eawtheghost was not in the least afraid, and he stepped forward to ques tion the apparition. The ghost, however, was not in a talkative humor, and it slid off the fehte,- Moted mysteriously r;«ar a deep wateriiole, arid there disappeared. This sttiry vent like wildfir£ arotfndtfte settle ment, And lifter thsit one man after another Cavt Fiffier's ghlKt, always on tfte fenfce rail, and always eludiii^ £n interview by eliding away andvanishin^ in llie w&terhdle.; If one or two persons only had seen the ghost' nothing might have been done, but everyone in the neighborhood who happened to be passing about, disk saw it. some of whom were men whose word could not be doubted. The peft-isteht haunting of the water pool by the ghost tarried the attention of the authorities to it, And the pdnd was dragged, but no body was found them, although there went indications that a bocty had been ill (he pooL - Search in the neighboring thicket, however, was more fruitful, for there they foutd the body of the murdered man. The ti-ronvifct was arreBted. and seeing the game was up, he confessed that he had murdered Fisher, and put htm in the water faele, but on account of the intrusive and objectionable ghosthe had fished up Fisher, and put him in the thicket. The ^iiOBt had utterly demoralized the convict, and he was afterwards dnly hanged. This much of the story is well known in Australia, but the sequel is not so well known. Unfortunately it rather takes the gilt off the ghost although it fastened the guilt on the con vict. Up to this point the yarn proves not on"y the existence of ghost?, but the usefulness of them Mr Hteatiiker tte&ton; knew t' e fisher st >iy well and when he was searching among official d> cuments for material for his book he noticed on an affidavit the name of Fisher He read the instrument aud found it related to the ghost. An ex-convict dying had made the deposi tion before a magistrate and it was to this effect; He was on tramp through the country when he came one moonlight night to Fisher's ranch. He elepfc in the thicket and was aroused in the night by cries for heip. Peer ing out he saw in the moonlight the convict murder his employer and dreg the body to the water hole. The tramp was afraid to interfere at. the time and was afraid to tell what he saw afterwards. There existed a land of free masonry among ticket-of-leavt men and it was a dangerous thing for one to split on another. Besides this the ex-convict was welilkhown in the neighbourhood, while' the tramp was a stranger, «o he feared thar if he told what he saw, h» would himself be accused of the Fisher murder. He got work in die neighbourhood and j ponder** over the situation. lie thought first of pereonating the ghost, but fearing he might be caught he abandoned that idea. One night returning from the Fisher ranch he eaid he had seen FieherVghoofc fitting on the fence, afterwards disappearing in the water hole. This was the spark to the tinder. Suspicion was ripefor a etjry like this and after that eveiyone in the neighbourhood saw the ghost, all apparently in good faith believing that they saw it. The mythical "ghost, however, made a real ghost of the guilty man and the veal ghost is said to tt-is day -or perhaps it would be more I accurate to say to this night- to comba | with the ghost of Fisher in the -i*ht of the moon. 