JS IT NOTHING TO YOU? By C. n. SPUEGEON. is it nothing to you, all ye that pass by ? Behold, a w G? Wtfioroboftny sorrow llko unto my sorrow, «!. !l . done. unto mo, wherowith the Lord hath afflicted mo in the day of His fierce anger."— Lamentations i. 12. 6 oympatny with suffering ones is novor content to act her part alono. The man who is sorrowful for another is auro to invito others to join him in his sympathy. It seems to him so sad a thing that he would havo all men weep over it with himself. It is so great a griof that ho would hang the heavens with blackness ana drapo the world In sackcloth. Henco Jeremiah, when he Baw the sorrows of Jerusalem, complained of all who dared to pass her by without a lamentation. Ho beheld that ancient and glorious city besieged by lior adversaries, in vaded bv their fierce armies, and given over to grander, to murder, to flro and desolation. Ho be- eld thestrcots running with the blood of her sons ana daughters, her houses broken down, and her glorious temple defiled and laid in ashes. Do you wonder that lie wept, and called upon others to woen with him? Ho pictured Jerusalem as sitting by the way side like a maiden who has boen sore wounded and is in bitter grief, and crying out in her loveliness and anguish,, ' is it nothing to you, allfye that pass by? Behold, andseoif thero bo any sorrow like unto my sorrow," In all the annals of history there never was sorrow equal to tho lato of Jerusalem, Many cities havo boon destroyed, but none havo fallen amid such a tempest of terrors. They havo boon devoured with famine, wasted with postilonco or brokon down by war ; but as for thee, O Jorusalem, all those evils mot upon thee, as when the vultures hasten from afar and meet upon tho slain. Beautiful for situation, yet terrible for desolation 1 Joy of thewholo earth, ana yet tho quoon of sorrow I How uttorly wast tliou spoiled I Had tho grape gatiierors gathered tho grapes they would havo loft hero and thero a cluster, but thou art thoroughly stripped : no fruit rcmafneth in tlioo j thy desolation is complete ! How terrible was thy lot, and how grievous was thy fault ! W oil did tho prophet in tho foresight of thy tremendous doom cry to all tho nations, " Behold, ana see if thero bo any sorrow llko unto ray sorrow, which is dono unto me !" And this is ray first Itoad to-night— tho sufferings of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, aro unparalleled. \> lien wo havo dwelt enough upon this, we will pro ceed to note, secondly, that tney havo a deep in terest to many; and wo will concludo, thirdly, by inquiring whether thoy havo not some interest for ' Jyb, that God tho Holy Spirit, whoso office it is to boar witness to tho Loru Jesus, would now boar His testimouy in all your hearts, for His mercy's sako I I. First, then, the sufferings of the Son of God upon the cross wore altogether unparalleled. Jesus, tho etomal Sou of God, caino down in boundless pity among tho sons of men, and took upon Himself our human nature. Quitting the in finite honors of tho skies Ho camo to tho lowliness : of tho manger, and tho labor of tlio carpenter's shop and licro Ho ahodo, suffering as veritable man all the sorrows and infirmities of ourmortality. In our nature He lived some thirty years or more, ! enduring much of poverty and labor, and at tbe ond thereof Ho died, not amid tbe applause of all mankind, as Ho deserved, but nailed to a cross, like a felon or a slavo, a spectacle of scorn and infamy, the despised and rejected of men. Thero was also this strango point about our Bcdecinor's suffering, namely, the perfect innocence of His character. Many a man has died innocent of that which was laid to his charge, hut no man has been perfectly innocent of every kind of fault In this man thero was never taint of evil. He was born without tondoncy to sin, for the natural corrup tion of our nature was not in Him ; and He lived novor doing wrong to man, or woman, or child, and novor by omission or by commission violating tho divino will of tho Most High. Ho was absolutely perfect, so that Ho could say when Satan came to assail Him, " Tho prince of this world comotb, and hath nothing in Me," Now herein is a sorrow nover to ba forgotten— that Ho must bleed and die, and, moreover, that IIo must so suffer as to be connected with sin. It is anguish and agony for evon tho breath of evil to blow upon innocence. He was never guilty, and nevor could have been so in any sense, and yet sin was laid to His charge for our sakes, and IIo died accused of treason and of blas phemy. In Ilim was no sin, and yet the sins of men were laid upon Him.' Thero, bring them here, the sins of ages ; heap them on His back, the sins of men that lived before He was on earth, the crimes of multitudes who transgressed in His own day, and the sins of all tho ngos sinco— your sin3 and mine. Thoy aro all brought together and masaod together; tho total sum how dreadful I Hear yo the word, "All wo like slicop have gono astray; wo havo turned everyone to his own way; and the Lord hath laid on Him the iniquity of us all." The innocent, therefore, not only suffers, bub suffers in strango connection with sin ; and this must have caused an awful shrinking to our Lord's most holy soul. You and I are comparatively hardened to sin, and there- foro it does not so alarm us as it did the perfect soul of Christ, who bad no spot or trace of evil upon Illtn, Thero was one tried for murder years ago, and some thought it an argument for his innocence that he stood in the dock calm and composed. But others said, " Not so ; innocent men aro the very persons who shudder roost at having such a crime laid to their charge, and ho who could bear the charge without emotion is most probably the man who has committed tbe oriuie." Truth lies in that observa tion. For the innocent Christ to bo made sin for us, aud for tho wrath of God to roll over Ilim instead of us, must have caused within Ilis spirit a depth of anguish which the tcndcrest heart cannot fathom. Boliold, and seo if thero was ovor sorrow like unto His sorrow. Was there ovor dignity that suffered such indignity, or innoconce that caiuo into contact with such a moss of sin, and suffcrod for it all ? Oh, thnt tbeso lips had lAngungo and could speak aright upon such a thorao as this ! But 1 ask you to notice next that thoro is in our Saviour's sorrow this aiugiilar point which is not found anywhere olse, namely, that all His sorrow was voluntarily under taken and voluntarily continued in. Wboiia man feels that it must be, bo girds himself to bear tho will of destiny ; but concerning Christ, lie was under no compulsion from any force which lie could not Himself control He (lies ; but He says, " No man takelh My Iffo from Me, but I lay it down of My self." IIo is betrayed into the hands of wicked men, but lie says that lie could presently pray to His Fathor, and Ho -would -sond Ilim 12 legions of angels. Ho has not a word to say to Pilate, but He bad 10,000. words which . Ha might havo spoken if lie would, only that He coulu not then have effected the divino purpose or wrought out our salvation. This perfect freedom involved Him in a doublo labor ; Ho had not only to suffer, bub to will to suffer even to the ond. IIo had therefore to put a divine restraint upon Himself, and to bear on, when His human nature might havo suggested that IIo should boar no more. It did suggest it, so far as it could do so, without a faulty -shrinking. " If it be possiblo," said He, " let thiscup pass from Me;" but Ills holy Soul came to the rescue of His resolution, for lie added, " Nevertheless, not as I will, but as Thou wilt" It Is not in our power thus to yield ourselves to sorrow. If wo gave up our selves once to the bands of pain or death it would bo but one act, and we should then bo out of our own powor ; but our Lord always had Himself in His own hand, and henco Ho made a continuous offer ing of nimself by a distinct act of His will until He expired. Brothers, recollect that if you were to die for your country, you would only tlion pay the debt of nature a lfttlo aoonor than it would otherwise bo due. but tho debt would in any case havo bad to be paid in duo time. If I died to-night for you, I should but antloipato that hour, which may bo near enough now, when I must surely die. Jesus needed not to die. Thero was no necessity, as far as His nature was concerned, that ever He should slumber in a grave. Oil, but this is a death altogether un exampled—voluntarily undertaken and voluntarily borne for the good of others. Love led His perfect will in swoet captivity, so that He could not do otherwise than dio, but with tho exception of His Own unrivalled love, not another cord held Him or could have held Him for a moment. Let us givo Him our deopost lovo iu return for so special a sacrifice. . . And this makes it more singular stiff— that those for whom He died thus voluntarily were His enomios. Oh, tell it, toll it all tho world over, that Jesus laid down Ills life for those who hated Him, for those who loved the wages of -unrighteousness. Tell it in bell, tell it in earth, toll it in heaven I and let the three worlds overflow with wonder at this miracle of love. Let tho whole universe hear it— Jesus died for His onomles, Ilia i«t breath said. Publications. "Father, forgive them, for thoy knownot what they 22? . . (liccl for thoso who did not lovo Him, but thirsted for His blood. Ho died for those who could not see His beauties— who novor will soo Ills beauties unless IIo work a miracle upon them. He died for you and for mo. But oh, how shamefully have tho best rewarded Him with chill, penurious lovol How shamefully aro some here present rewarding Him at this moment, by living In entire neglect of Him— living as if they had nothing to do with tho death of Christ at all. Scarcely for a righteous man will one dio;, poradventuro for a benevolent man one would evon dare to dio, but God commendeth His lovo toward us, in that, while wo were yet sinnors, in duo time Christ died for tho ungodly." Hear that. O, yo deaf ears, hear that ! O, yo blind oyes, behold tho splendor of this I.. ffR'd hearts, feol tho magic of this ciood 1 Christ died for tho ungodly, for tho guilty, for the profane, for the drunken, for the unchaste, for the worst of men— died that He might purify them, lift them out of their degradation, make now men of thorn and provo what heavenly love can do. Men wero utterly depraved and wedded to their Silll?,.RS on sin as . the lunatic is mad in his delirium, as eaten up with it as a leper with leprosy ; and yet for such Christ died : Ho gave Himself, not for our virtues, but for our sins, and He camo to seek and savo, not tho good, but tlioao that wero lost. For such did He die, feted therefore His death is altogether unparal Oiroo more to crown this odifico of wonder. There was this about Christ's sorrow, which was never in any other sorrow undor heaven, namely, that it was expiatory. Christ was dying and suiloring in tlio stead of others, and by that dying and suffering Ho was putting away tho sin of others. This is tho substance of tho revelation of God, that Jesus Christ has appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of Himself, and there is virtue in His blood to cleanse from nil sin, I hear cortain philosophical divines denying this atonement, but I beseech you givo no heed to them ; they would rob you of your only hope of heaven, Mark you this— thero is nothing left of Christianity when atonement is gone, "The blood is the lifo thereof," and if you remove its life the gospel will dio. What seo you whore this atoning sacrifice is left out of tho preaching? Why, very soon empty places of wor ship, for tho people soon find that thero is nothing there for them, and thoy will not go whero they are mocked with husks. To deny tho groat doctrine of atonement by the blood of Jesus Christ is to ham string the gospel, and to cut tho throat of Christi anity, Look at this liouso to-night, this spectacle, this gathored throng 1 Into what cornor coulu another hearer bo thrust? One would think from the vehement engorness to enter that we gave somo gorgeous entertainment. Como horo any night in all tho year, or any morning if you like, and stiff it Is the same. Well, why como the pcopta T To see a man in One ralmont? Wo wcir no millinory. To listen to sweet strains; of music and the swell of organs ? We havo none of it. What come tliey for? To hear an orator ? Far from it. I have never alraod at oratory, or desired to exhibit it. I have preached Christ out of my very soul, and lifted Him up as tho Saviour of men, anil therefore the people throng the house, and they always will while Christ is fully preached in language which thoy can understand. Mon need a Saviour as hungry men need bread, and as thirsty souls need drink, and they know whero that Is preached which they require. Go, tell the men that preach tho now doctrino that they cannot stir a tiny villago with their fine theories, after they have preached tbem onco or twice; and yet for 27 years together we can hold a multitude with no magic hut the name of Christ, with no' mystery but the cross, the blood and tho. ond word—' " Belle vo in Christ and live." Therefore preach I tho old, old gospel yet again, harping for ever un that one divine string, wbicu hath yet more music in it than all tho flutes, harps, sackbuts, psalteries and dulcimers of modern thought. If you would bavo sin forgiven, forgive ness is to ho found in Jesus, and only there. Be hold, and see if there bo any sorrow like unto ilis sorrow," for no other sorrow can wipe away sin— not evon the pangs of hell can effect expiation ; bub tho sorrow of Christ can pub your sins away. Ob, seek a sharo in the boundless merit of the Crucified ! Turn not away, hut soek your Saviour's face at once. IT. Thus havo I spoken upon tho first head, and pretty well exhausted tho time ; therefore only a minute or two upon the second— tho sufferings of Jesus have had a deep interest in thera for many. Oh, that I could set Him forth before you. There IIo is I Look ye upon Him I lie is before my eyes. I soo those languid oyes,closhig in death, I seo that glorious lieaubowlng upon His bosom. I see and I adore. I note with grief tho gashes raado by tho nails in His dear hands and feet, from which doth flow tho ruddy stream which scatters roses among tho lilios of Ills pure and spotless flesh, I look into Ills heart ami see it breaking : tho soldior hath opened a door through which your soul may gaze. My Saviour's death is to mo all things ; I could live and die contemplating it. It stirs my blood, it opons tho fountains of mine eyes, and makes my inmost heart dissolve. Is it not a thing of powor to others also? Did I hear one ask, " What good has this sorrow ever brought to anyone ? Has anybody derived boncflt from it V Lot mo tell yon. Multitudes have found in tho sufferings of Christ tlio cure for their despair. Bead tho biographies of convertod mon, and you shall find cases upon cases whore they had been ready to commit suicide, but tho sight of tlio crucified Saviour encouraged them to hope, and gave them rest Nay, you need not read books : speak to any godly man of your acquaintance, and he will tell you that tho wounds of Jesus were and are tho fountains of his hope. Many of you could speak for yourselves, and say that nothingcould havo brought you back from despair on account of sin but a sight of Christ,' I cannot sneak without remembering my own case, and how bittor were my griefs, how dark my days, how hideous ray nights, till I saw one hanging on a tree, and my state was changed from continual sorrow into perpetual joy. Can I hear Ilim dishonored and not ho moved? Do you think that tboso of us who owe all tho light we havo to Jesus crucified can ever think lightly of Ilim? I pray we never may become so mean, so base. Wo have a deep and abiding interest in Jesus, for He turned our darkness into day. Ah, brethren, and. think again what power the cross has had on other men's minds to gird them to heroic deeds. I shall never forget when I shook the hand of Livingstone. I count ;it one of tho great honors of my life to have known him, aud even men of tho world will join in doing homage to his name. But it was thelovo of Christ that made him troad pathless Africa and die among the heathen. He was not the first by many thousands who counted it nff joy to succumb to climato and perish among strangers for tho cross of Christ. Moffat still lives, and what a life ! There was John Williams, of whom you older men can tell, who laid down his lifo at Erromanga for Christ's sako. These are but the later ranks of a mighty host that couutod not lifo dear to tbem -for Jesus' - sake. Look at the first centuries— how men marched to the rack to bo tortured, to tlio stake to bo burned, to the nmphitlieatre to be dovoured of beasts for Christ's sake. The lifting up of tho little finger of Christ was enough to move hosts of mon and women to court death and defy the flames. The Roman empire, with all its'Iegions and cruelties, could nob stand against the insignificant, unlettered, humble, but earnest and intense followers of Jesus. The sufferings of Christ mado them strong to suffor. Later ages tell the same story. Our own land 1ms seen the heroes of tbe cross enduring unto tbe end. Over thero at your Smlthfield. why, there wero men and women there who early in tho morning, while yet tho sun was scarcely up. wero summoned forth to stand at flery stakes and burn ; and they wero seen to clap their hands, when every finger was a candle, and cry, "None but Christ! None but Christ!" And the crowd that stood around them, who were they ? Thero were cruel men, and brutal priests, but thero were also men and women and children of whom it Is written, in tho humble church recordsof tho day, that they went there to see their pastor burnt to learn the way. Oh, that is grand i— to loam the way to die when their turn camo ; for tho idea of over yielding up to tho papacy, or of giving up Christ because they must (lie for Him or olse deny Him, never entered into their heads. Even boys and girls learned at their mother's knee so much of Jesus' sufferlngithattheyjbeeamoinvlncible. Ayo, And wo should be bo again if it ever came to tho samo pass ; for the old namo and the old love still lingor in the hearts of Christians to-day with all their faults and infirmities ; and, it it came to battle and to push of pike again, we are as ready, by the good hand and grace of God, as wero our Puritan forefathors— our Protestant ancostors— ready to seal the faitli with our blood. This is what the cross of Christ can do ; It can make mon suffer for His name's sake. Ah, but you nifty not bo called to that you say— "What Is tho use of tho cross of Christ to us in every day lifo V Why, it is of this use— that men who love the suffering Savior become patient . Publications. in tliclr every day sufferings. They say to them- ' selves— "His way was much rougher and darker than- mine, Did Christ my lord suffor, and shall I renlno T They learn to liato sin by seeing tbe agonies by which redemption was obtained ;.they learn to be upright by seeing with what a price thoy aro bought ; they learn to bo self denying at the feet of tho Crucified a"d this is tho good of. tho cross- to them, and this is tho way they learn botli to live and to die. This black cloth which casts its sombre hue around my platform is tho memorial of ono dear soul, my sister, who learned to love tho Saviour while she was yet JE& .aiKl, '? r|y, days joined with this- in her death, when it was a pang to i ,Vvea,i1,» « mid ker joy, her victory, in fi« .. » divine Saviour. She was a soldier's ir an , shamed to join with tho AmntLhLF1 1opl? i # ' a,u i hr long pains and agenumg death sho sustaining powor in the doctrine of the cross, and found victorv in death. Hold thou Thy cross boforo my falling eyes." O Josus, let me see fheo when I can see naught else. / Thee I will leap the 9trcam of death I will defy death, as Sampson dofled tho Iron. I will find honey in the vanquishoil monitor if Thou be ffero. It is not death to dio if tlio death of Christ bo but tho life of the soul. > This is what multitudes of men and women have i!2 i 4 l havo nofc Passed Him by, bowed at His foet, and found life, light, joy. perfection, heaven. b ' J y' III. Ami I close with this last appeal ; what, dear hoarors— what have you to do with Him ? " Is It nothing to you, all ye that pass by ? Behold, and seo ' if thero bo any sorrow like unto my sorrow." Now, I do not suppose that Jesus Christ is much to some that are. here at present ; Imeanpcoplo that aro getting on in tho world. Everything is going very easily with you. You aro rising like a. balloon, you aro filled and Inflated with prosperity. ! You aro getting as much monoy as you can count.- 1 i ou are going on vory well without a Saviour. You I havo your portion in tills, lifo. I should not wondor j if you turn on your liecl and despiso Him, and say that you do not want a Saviour. Wo will moot i another day, young sir, when all this wine is sour ! and that gold is corroded, and those pleasures, like ; the rime of the morning, shall have disappeared I beneath tlio burning sun of care. But for awhile, I I doubt not. Jesus Christ will be nothing to you. 16 i is dreary talk, and a weariness to hear about Him. I But is there ono here heavy of heart? Are there ' not many here conscious of fault ? Aro you wrong ? ! Would you be right? Aro you guilty? Would you be forgiven? Ah, then, the cross for you I Jesus for you I Turn aside and look at Him. Look till your eyes are full of tears. Look tiff you brash those tears away, and say, " I seo it all. Jesus has suffered in ray stead. I am forgiven. My Father haa, adopted ine I am His child. I am glad." ' Oh, guilty ones, there is something in CbriHt for i you, for Ho died, tho just for the unjust, to bring ua to God, i Terliaps you are anxious to beneflt others. Oh, if ' you arc, you want to bo doing something real and . effective. The world is going to the bad,. There is 1 a great deal of mischief abroad. You sav,' " I want 4 toclogood." Friend, turn aside and look at Christ's sunorings, and see whether you havo not there the 1 ' fulcrum for your lever. To movo rocks and moun- 'I tains here is an unrivalled force ; not steam power or dynamite, hut something stronger, for an ounce : of the doctrino of tho Cross would blast all tho walls of error, and burst tho dungeons of misery, if rightly applied. Come you to Christ and see If you havo not thoro by the power of the Holy Ghost an irresistible agent of good to all. mankind. . " Oil," says ono, " I do not beliovo'- in Him." what do you believe in ?— for whatever you bolievo in, try to uso it for tbe good of your fellow'mcii. . I would llko toKee you sending city, missionaries from street tc street to preach what you beliovo ilifc7,. Come, be reasonable, and do soinothiug nioro than' , find fault Somo aro so fond of pulling down. Would thoy try a little building up? Come, then. v You say that we Christians aro doing no good. .lust try your hand at it, Go to tho (lying; go to the sick ; tako thera bottles of your philosophy, and comfort thom with tho elixir of scientific doubt. Go ahead. If somebody says --that tho current sys tem of medicine is faulty, wo reply— Very well, sir, havo you found the right medicine? "Yes." Then distribute it, train physicians and build hospitals. Got to work at it. Why not? Now, you that do not boliere in God or Christ, send your own mis sionaries abroad. Enlighten tho heathen by telling them that thoro is no God, no sin, no lioll, no heaven, no soul, no anything. Go into the centre of Africa and win thom from their bloody siipcrsti- tions by tho doctrlnos of science. Go ahond. If you uavo a gospel do not hide it. What? You have no zeal in that direction. But why not? Thero is no particular uso in it, is thero V Not worth spending your money on. Miserable com forters! Wretched physicians that ennnot heal! But now, if you want to know whethor there is power in the Cross, ask a city missionary to let you go with lihn for a day. Pitch on tho right man and go aud seo for yoursolt. Ho will show yon what the doctrine of tho cross can do in comforting, in sobering, in cheering, in elevating. " I do not be liovo it," says one. No one said you did. I will, however, venture to obscrvo that, "The proof of the pudding is iu tho eating." A good old English proverb, my dear sir. Hero is a shin filling with water, and you do not boliovc in pumps. Very well. I ain going on pumping. You are auxious to discuss. . Discuss away; but meanwhile I pump. Let every Christian man here make practical uso of the cross of Christ, and keep on at it ; and if men will not even take tbe trouble to inquire, what arc its re sults their disbelief is irrational and inexcusable, and they must take the consequences Our skirts aro clear of their blood. Dear friend, what if it should turn out that you havo such a connection with the cross that Christ redeemed you tliero, (hat Christ put your sins away thero? What if He so bought you there that Ho means to lmvo you? What if you are so His that - lie means to save you? What if.whcuilu died there, lie bought for you eternal life, and ensured for you a place in heaven at the right hand of God( to reign there with Himself? M On, if I thought that," says one, " I would come to Him." Come to Jfim, then, and it ii true, for " whosoever belicveth hi Ilim hath everlasting life." Let me say that word over again. "IIo that hc- lieveth in lUra hath everlasting life." If ho only believed a minute, if he only believed a second ago, ho lias not only Juo, but everlasting life. Thnt life, therefore, is a thine that can never die. Ynu havo licavon. as well as all the Idossings of earth, if you believe iu Jesu3. But if you say, " I will have nothing to do with Josus," I would llko you to SAy so to yourself iu a deliberate manner. If Christ be not worth having, say that you will not havo Ilim, and Ray it most dis tinctly. I feel hopeful when a man will come to a decision ono way or other. The sort of people for whom I tremble aro those who say, "I hopo it will be all right somehow." O, do not hosltato another hour, but answer mens in God's namo l- question you : Will you,havo Christ to-night or will yonnot? Say "Yes" or"No.''- I would ask you to writo down your decision when you get home. Is Christ yours or not ? Sit down deliberately ami say —" Yes, my Lord, in the merits of Thy death I pub my trust ; " or else writo it, if you mean it—'.1 He is ; not mine at all.". -,Wo have known somo get com fort out of this act of decision. There was a poor girl who had long been a Christian, but she was very sad at heart through sickness ; and when her minister camo to. sou her he said to her, "Well,. Susan, how is your hopo ? " She said, " Sir, I ara - afraid I am not a Christian. I (lo not love tho Lord Jesus Christ." He said, "Why, I always1 thought you (Ud. You acted as If you did." " No," said she, " I am afraid I have deceived myself, and that I do not lovo Him." Tho minister wisoly walked to tho window, and- wrote. on a piece of paper, " I do not lovo tho Lord Jesus Christ," and lie said, " Susan, hero is a pencil. - Just put your namo to that." " No, sir." sho said, " I could nob. sign that." " Why iiotl" " T would bo torn to' pieces before I would sign it, slri" " But why nob sign it if it is true ? " " Ah, sir," she said, " I hopo ' It is not true. I think I do love Him." Got to know whore you are, friend. If Baal he God, serve him ; if God be God, servo him ; if Christ be a Saviour, havo Him : if Ho ho not a Saviour, do not proteuu to servo Him. Decide one way or tho other. God help you to docide to-night, as you will decide when tho heavens aro on' a blaze, when sun and moon lrnve vanished from, tliolr spheres, when tho solid earth shall rock mid reel, and over all shall be heard tho trumpet note, " Come to Judgment ! - Como . to judgment 1 Come to judgment." Thero sits tlio Judge, tho Crucified, Whoso eorrows surpassed, all sorrows, but Whoso glory thon shall surpass all glory as IIo shall diride the saints on the right from the graceloss on the left, and from Ills mouth shall como the final ' eentenco which shall settle tho doom of believers and unbelievers. ; God bless you, dear friends, ovory one of you. Henceforth and for ovor may you be the Lord's. - Amen and amen. 