? THE MASTER OF THE MAGICIANS. CHAPTER XVII. •BY r-I.IZABETH STUAUT PUELPS AXI) HEltHERT D. WA HI). •Sukckry was not an accomplished science at the court of Babylon ; and even tbe king, who scorned the baser superstitions of hi; subjects, was impatient •over the mummeries performed upon Ins lacerated leg. The star Marbuda hath passed into an eclipse/' said one enterprising and comforting physican, " and the son of Marduk is involved in the tempest of the •elements. Surely thou art joyful that thy grievous wound doth balance the portents of the heavens?" " Not a bit of it !" roared the king, with a grimace of pain. " Out with this false astrologer into the ditch beyond the wall !'' "Let the sacred python be twined around his majestic leg, and the evil spirit will slink away," suggested another rash practitioner, after an uncomfortable diagnosis But the sacred snake exhibited an •unheard-of friskiness of temper united with marked disinclination to twine ; so the unlucky prescribe!' was forced to spend several days soothing (if he could) the •sacred reptile. Every spirit in heaven and earth was implored to ward oil the attack of the seven evil spirits from the •stricken monarch. " Seven are they, seven are they. In the abyss of the deep, seven are they. Disturbers of thy peace are they. Evil are they, baleful are they." Thus chanted magicians in vain exorcisms, burning Arabian spices and muttering strange incantations to appease the torments of the king. Amulets were of <no avail, for the wound gaped, and would not heal. But worse was the wound upon the miud of the royal patient. Nebuchadrezzar owed his life to a power which, was represented by an unfathomable quantity, the governor of Babylon. And what a life it had become! Nebuchadrezzar was an ardent devotee to the gods of his peculiar choice. As the shepherd of his people, he had made himself the religious primate and example of the land. He had manufactured gods of every description, and worshiped them promiscuously. But it had occurred to him that jealousy might be arroused among the divinities if he coquetted with too m-my at the same time. Therefore, advising his subjects to do the same, he gradually confined most of his attention to the pet deities of the city of his restoration. Who worshipped BeTMerodach and Nebo more devoutly than the king ? Who was more loyal to the traditions of his country than he? His father had recreated the ancient kingdom of Babylon; and lie consolidated it, and extended it by the power of. one policy—the ecclesiastical. He united the nation by humouring its whole intricate system of worship. Did statesmanship or a religious conscience govern his life ? Now the king was not dull, he had noticed that whenever he had invaded Judea, and had deported thousands of captives to Babylon, he had encountered an invisible power which force of arms could not subdue. Captives from Carchemish or from far Cilieia might accept the deities of the bewitching and luxurious capital; hut the Jews, as a race, demanded and maintained the worship of a God who shamed the voluptuous votaries of Ishtar, and mocked the curling .frankincense of the ^iggurat of Bel. The one God Jehovah, whom the king, with his usual spirit of liberality, at first patronised, and then tolerated, had become the object of his personal respect. What was at first an incident in politics was now a controlling factor that demanded recognition. More than once he had come up against this Jewish Jehovah, as if a man daJied against the wall of Imgur-Bel; each time his pride received a wound. There was that dream which mocked his memory till it maddened him. Then it mocked the priests whose temples he-had built. It ruined his chief soothsayer, the president of his university. What magic had the fates evoked, when Daniel read like a scroll what the king's mind had clean lost? What sorcery saved the priest*, and compelled the monarch to humble himself before the slave 1 These thoughts preyed up m the king, until he grew unbearable to gods and men. At moments his brain ?jecame clotted with revenge against a force which lie could neither comprehend or classify, but only bitterly admire. Daniel had inflicted a blow upon Nebuchadrezzar':* ecclesiastical pride which the building of a thousand temples could not efface. Time and again the despot would have given his captain the order to strangle the governor of Babylonia, but lie dared not arouse the only divinity that had ever awed him. But this, though enough, was not all that ailed the king. Not only Merodach, but N<-rgal had forsaken him. For tlie first time in his life he had missed his aim nt the hunt, and the victim had become the victor. Wa9 that accursed lion sent by Balatsu-usur's god ? If BO, to what political end ? Nebuchadrezzar's vaunted prowess had become the sport of the whole provinoe. His sacred life had been at the mercy of a beast—and a Jew. The disgrace haunted him and unnerved him. He was, in short, a sick man. Was poison from the lion's claws stealing into his vitals ? Unconsciously, his head swayed monotonously like a ^vild beast's in captivity. THh natural moodiness "became chronic moroseness. He Bought solitude, and yet thirsted for society. His personal cruelties multiplied : liis subjects lived in terror and perplexity, His officers held aloof fxom him. His women shrank from him. His queen grew cold to him. Only Daniel and Allit remained in faithful voluntary attendance upon him. Tin-eats of their young lives flew over their heads fifty times a day ; hut the governor and the captain served him with a persevering and courageous quiet which the sick monarch respected, as madness always respects serene courage, and feebleness strength. The condition of the king had, unfortunately, ljeen emphasised by the events which followed the death of Mutusa-ili. The circumstances of the sage's death and burial had created au unlucky complication. Babylon rocked with excitement when it was made known that the chief diviner of the province, the most distinguished of living Chaldean soothsayers, had died abjuring the art which had made him famous, c.ndthe religion of the land which had educated and honoured him. Mutusa-ili had not lain four hours dead, before every intelligent man in tho city knew that the master of her great university had acknowledged the faith of the captive race ; willing his family for ever to the faith of the Jew, and his eminent name to the worship of Jehovah—an uncultivated god, favoured by a poor lot, who amounted to so little that they could have but one. With the fickleness and forgetfulness usual to the people of a restless nation, Mutusa-ili's recent downfall at court seemed to slip out of mind. No one said, " IIo failed to interpret the king's dream. We disgraced him and deserted him ; but only, " This was a great man. He was an honour to Babylon. He was a Chaldee of the Chaldeans." Half of Babylon stopped there, and waved his religious abj uration as the phantasy of a stricken, old, unhappy, dying man; these called for a great public funeral. The other half cried out upon them and upon him. The seer had apostatised. The royal favourite had deccnded to the captive creed. Dishonour to his memory, and to eveiy Babylonian who honoured it' In the university of Bel the excitement culminated. The students, headed by Susa, were in a Ferment. A riot in the classes threatened to become a rebellion. The boys demanded the ashes of their great master, and would take 110 less. An imposing ceremony, an incineration in the court of the university, a tremendous occasion—nothing else was to be thought of. Susa, followed by his committee of arrangements, marched boldly to the palace, and requested as much of the king. Now this young gentleman, since his last unlucky appearance in public life, had remained in an obscurity which lie felt to be unnatural to his career. A dull life, led at one's scroll?, and over one's dusty tablets of science, philology, and religion ; tyrannised by masters, and never once summoned to court—this had lasted long enough. A brother in authority had his disadvantages as well as his uses. Allit had of late confined Susa sd strictly to the unimportant sphere of the university that this young person did nut feel called upon to take the captain of the guards into his confidence in the matter of the master's funeral. He explained to the boys that this was unnecessary, he himself being a favourite of the king, and quite competent to attend to tbe business. Now, in truth, this was so nearly the fact of the situation that Susa met with a better chance than he deserved. He did, indeed, make his way, with confident air, to the presence of the sullen king ; to whom he. presented the petition of the students with a bright assurance that would have cost him his curling head if it had not gained him his case. The king's frown blurred into the first smile seen upon his haggard face for many a dark day. " Thou art young," ho said, "and demandest of the Icing as the j 7 ouug roareth for its food. . . Thine eye is bright, and wandereth to and fro. Thou hast not care. Thou knowest not sorrow. Thou fearest naught. Nebuchadrezzar doth not affright thee . • . Would that I were young ! " " Our master was old, arid we honour age," said Susa, with the adroitness of extreme candour. "Give us our way in behalf of our dead. I told the boys," added Susa, " that the king was always kind to me. They would think I lied if we could not have the funeral." The king looked with emotion, deeper than the case called for, upon the lad. He repeated the word ''Kind? Kind?" He could not remember when any one had called Nebuchadrezzar kind. He rose suddenly, to conceal the signs of tremoulousDess upon his face. " Bury thy master as thou wilt," ho said. "It shall not be said that Nebuchadrezzar failed to honour his dead seer or the petition of his highborn students. Go from me, and see thou to it." Thus it befell that the sage received the last courtesy from the university over which he had presided. The body of Mutusa- ili was burned to ashes in the court of the schools, with all the mortuary pomp of the times. It had t«een embalmed in honej 7 , as the custom went, and laid in the earthen jar, preparatory to its last dreary journey, a hundred miles through tho hot country to Erecli, the common eemetry of Babylon. The remains were detained by order of tho king. A public funeral of the largest proportons resulted. The thousand priests who had failed to tell the dream came from their thousand aitars to do honour to that other failure, their dead chief. The priest from Boisippa said, "After ,all, he was but one of us," and the successor of the priest from Zarpanit shook his head, and asked, "Can you tell me the genealogy of this Jehovah, to whom our late brother apostatised ? " At that moment, Ina, the dnnghter of Egibi the banker, was saying to her father, " Ho must be a very common god." For Egibi was at the funeral. All the world was at the funeral. Court and people, throne and university, did honour to the dead sage. The hired mourners lost thc-ir usual importance. Egibi's large face was of a dull pallor. But he did not arise before the people and join the wailing friends. The treasurer of Babylon did not say, " I. am his brother." Lalitha and Kisrinni wept apart together —a forlorn little family to lament a man—until the governor of Babylon, being by law the guardian of the girl, stepped out with torn garments, and placed himself as a mourner at her side. So Mutusa-ili came to his last rest in the university which he had cherished with the passionate devotion of a scholarly and unworldly man. While the body, swathed in honey and spices and sacred oils, was burning, the students chanted in an ancient tongue an an unfamiliar dirge. When the urn which received the ashes was lifted upon the bier, to be taken before the altar in the temple of Bel, and thence borne back to the library of tbe university, where it should be honoured for time and times and a day, Susa's clear young voice rose above the chorus of the students : — " Unto his rest, Hands on his breast, Bear him apart. ITame hath his heart, The worm and the rust Touch not bis dust. We hold his name ; Earth hath his fame." It was at the moment when the chorus repeated— " Keep we his name : Give earth his fame!" and the boys had bent to the bier to carry it within the courts of the temple for the final ceremonial, that the interruption came which convulsed Babylon, and would have turned the burial into a riot, had it come from any other source than the governor of the province. For Daniel did no less nor more than step forward and authoritatively fordid the students to take the body into the temple of Bel. " These ashes go not within the idolatrous of Bit Sagila, the Ziggurat of Merodach," he said. J'.ury the Jew Methuselah in the faith of Jehovah, the living God." The effect of this interfeience was intense. The crowd swayed and murmured. The thousand priests muttered together. The students protested in decorous undertones. The seven coloured stages of the insulted temple seemed to glitter malignantly, then to frown and sway a little. By virtue of the law and for decency's sake, the will of tbe dean man's executor was perforce, respected. The burial procession turned about, and reluctantly desposited the urn in the library oE the university, without the sanction or Bel- Mcrodach. It was a tremendous event. The students, with the superior tolerance of education, made the best of it, but the people made the worst. Before night the city was in an uproar—these defending, those berating, the whole affair. ihe governor, the king, the. dead man, all came in for their share of popular blame or approval. Mutusa-ih, who of all people had loved and required peace, became in death the cause of a popular disturbance which would have sorely troubled his quiet spirit. The excitement subsided too slowly, too fiercely. Nothing could have happened which would have presented such tests to the unassailable position of the captive governor in Babylon. But the sick king was worried by the matter, and brooded over it to his own hurt. It was not until the afternoon of the next day that the governor and the captain found leisure to discuss the events which were shaking the city. They met in the pleasure-grounds of the king's outer garden— the garden hounded by the Shebil canal. The sun had passed far into its third quarter ; the shadows were long ; the air stirred with the ghost of a breath: it was not yet night. Allit was much moved by the interment of Mutusaili ; he had been allowed to pass some moments with Lalitha that morning; he experienced the new. sweet sensation of grieving in the grief of her in whose life he wished to live. He felt a filial tenderness toward the dead mail .vhich astonished the soldiers. Hut this delicate sympathy was all he dared offer to Lalitha then. It was not an hour for love-making The girl looked at him through a wall of glass. It was the wall of sorrow. The lover could not pass it, and must not shatter it. He had to content himself with tears when he perished for kissing. Allit had never been denied joy before by the pain of life. It seemed to him very unnatural. He was quite puzzled. Like other men of his sort, he turned readily from tho private perplexity to public affairs. These, at least, were comprehensible. Conversation diverted his discomfort—he was not accustomed to being uncomfortable, He watched the Jew with an obviously new expression, in which respect for executive ability was added to spiritual deference. " Yerily, thou art the master," he said heartily ; " there is no magician in Babylon who could do thv deed. Thou defiedst the religion of the nation as if thou gavest an order to a guardsman. I looked for a riot; nay, a revolution would not astonish me. Behold, tho people growl at thee like little dogs; but they kiss the hand and obey thee. Bel-Merodach hath received an insult from thee ; but thy head is as firm upon thy shoulders as the Ziggurat npou its base. Thou art not like other men! " " My God is not like other gode," replied Daniel quietly. . " That is the explanation.of the matter." "Do all the worshipers of thy God deeds like thine?" inquired the Babylonian, shrewdly. "I have known many a Jew. I know blit one Balatsuusur." (To be Continued. 1 ) 