jmÈ SECRET. " í # V CHAPTER LX. IK thé greyness of a chill October ? : afternoon I drove again over the lonely ' .."hog;,-!the:scene of the Coola morder, \- vaid .tried to picture to myself the : events as they had happened. My caxrboy this time was sulky and sullen ; hèJ either knew nothing or would tell nothing, and after a few -vague attempts to extract information I was forced to give ib up. My head was full of Kathleen and her father. I was impatient to arrive, to hear all \- from her own lips, to hold her hand in mine and look into her clear honest eyes. I had missed her, that was .certain, during these months of : absence, and I simply wanted to see \- her again. I was scarcely conscious ,o£ thia at thc time. I fancied it was ' pure love of justice and a desire to hinder the sacrifice of an innocent man's life that moved me thus ; but as I look back I recognise that the wish to see Kathleen again taught meto hail the smallest cause for returning to Barravbs. It drizzled and rained as we drove along, and the landscape, dreary even s ,ÎH summer, looked drearier still in the automnal blasts. Sut I was bouyed np by anticipation and eagerness, and . felt none of the depression I had, pre . vioualy experienced. The rusty gates swung back with a creak, and it seemed to me but har- monious music. I noticed the ragged grass ranker, and more rush-grown than in summer, and the drive green ' with weeds, bat I remembered these as familiar objects, and consequently dear^to me. It was the setting in /wMchT had known. Kathleen, and it > "suited rher. The place was even lonelier; nota soul stirred, the very cattle" had disappeared. But I knew \- tay: way:. noir ; instead of pattering /- vainly at the front ef the house, I jumped off the car at the tarn of the ' road and slipped round to the hack door. Nothing was changed: the melancholy pigs grunted and rooted about with their restless snouts as they had always done ; the savage weeds prospered wickedly, and the dyspeptic hens, as usual, pecked hopelessly in \- search of their scanty food. The sycamore-tree, stripped of its leaves and naked, stood gauntly flapping its bare branches in the wind; and, yes, there in the doorway was Kathleen, . r dressed in the blue serge, now fadedx leaning in a dejected attitude. against the lintel. She started when she saw me, and turned pale as death. " Have I frightened you?" I said, walking quickly up to her, and taking her limp hand. - " Kathleen, you told ' me not to forget. I have remembered -and I ara here." She looked at me for a moment as though dazed, and then said quickly : "You must go-you must go at once!" I shook my head. I had nob come all the way from England to be sent away so, and I have some British doggedness in my composition. "I am not going till I have spoken to yon, and heard satisfactory news of your doings. Your father-" '¿HashI" she said, looking round . vanxionslyj <f' he must bet know you are ? J* Why. not Î What is thismystery ? . Kathleen, believe me, I am your friend -your father's friend., Why will you not trust me?" ~\ 'iMr. Barclay," Bhe; said, drawing me away into the middle of the yard, evidently with the fear that we might be- overheard, "this is an accursed house. Do not come here; do not have anything to do with us. Go, pray go ll was wrong to ask you to remember / you must forget." Her manner was strangely agitated; for some cause or other she seemed completely unnerved, her lips trembled, her large eyes held a gleam of terror. She was sadly changed. I had thought to find her pleased and happy, radiant at my return; and behold, my appear 1 ance seemed rather to frighten her ! .>* Well, Kathleen," I said, as quietly as I could, "I am not afraid of the curse upon the house, or the ghosts. You remember I don't belie ve in ghosts, and they never appear to an unbeliever; \- but I .have driven 16 miles on an ont , side car to see you, and it will be very inhospitable if you send me away so." \- She ht-sitated. I saw that hospi- tality was a strong and savage instinct in this strange girl. I thought I had .found the right mode of dealing with her. " " It is very kind of you," she said, with a sort of dull apathy, " and I feel I can trust you; but yon had better go. Ton can do ns no good, and we shall only sadden you." "Kathleen," Ï said firmly, "will yon try mel I ara a man who has seen a great deal of varied life ; if you are in any trouble I may be able to help you. Let me stop here to- night" "You have chosen," she said, with .a, helpless' shrug.of her shoulders; "do not blame me afterwards. And if yon do stay, yon must swear-ra * promise is nob enough-swear that yon will reveal nothing that yon see and hear, on any consideration whatever." "Solong as silience is right," I said. "Nb, no!" she interrupted, im- patiently. "Swear this without conditions, or yon may go back at once, back to your England." I looked into her blanched, anxious face ; I noted that the blue serge hung more loosely about her well-moulded figure ; I saw that she suffered, and with, a weakness unworthy of my accustomed character I said : "Yes, Kathleen, I swear." ""Where is your luggage?" she said directly, in a matter-of-fact tone. "It is on the car; only a small portmanteau. I will fetch it, pay the car, send him away, and return directly. Kathleen," I added, re- tracing the two steps I had already taken away from her, "say you are glad to see me." Her eyes met mine with a smile. \- "I am very glad," she answered softly. I went in search of my portmanteau ? ;;,\^th;VHg^t%eaitt. I had gained my point : I was going to stay with Kath '' leen, and, so far as human'ingenuity could compass it, I was determined to discover the secret of Barravoe, and to restore the old happiness to Kathleen's sad face. I did not despair of this. I was afraid of no man; I was s-rong, and young, and active ; and I possessed clear judgment and a cool head. I had a fair start, too, for I ventured to think that Kathleen was decidedly j prejudiced in my favor. She bad not moved when I returned with the port- manteau, but stood moodily in the same attitude, her eyes fixed idly on the ill-paved stone yard. ' This quies- cence, this moodiness, were in such contrast to the gay spirits and careless lightheartedness of her former self, that I grew more and more convinced I had not arrived one day too soon, and that if ever a girl stood in need of a friend, that girl was Kathleen. She motioned to me to put down the port- manteau just inside the door in the narrow flagged passage, and with an apparent effort she said : " You had better come to my father now. "May we not walk a little first, Kathleen? I have so much to say and to hear ; and your father does not know I have arrived yet," I urged. ! "As you please," she said in- I differently, turning away and never even summoning Biddy or seeming to ! take thought for those little house-1 keeping cares in which she used to be so diligent. " There is a great change here," I thought; "but at any rate Myles has not been arrested yet, so that eau not be the cause." We walked silently ior a little, side by side. Kathleen led the way to the garden, and as we entered said : "You see it is damp and dreary enough. The summer has gone ; you will not like to come here now." "It is not as bright, certainly." I The paths were choked with damp decaying leaves in their gorgeous ! autumn livery of russet and gold ; a faint sickly odour as of too ripe straw- berries seemed to pervade the air. The roses were over j the heliotrope and dahlias black and bare ; the clematis fluttering shrivelled from the wall " Why do you not clear the leaves away?' I asked, kicking at the sodden ruddy mass with my foot. "It is not worth while," she said drearily. " Have you ceased to care, then," I asked-"to care about the old place? I thought you took such an enthu ! siastic pleasure in yonr garden." " So I do. I take pleasure in it. I prefer it like this ; it suits with my temper. I don't care for gay things, and the autumn is always sad, don't you think V "Formerly you were not sad," I snid,. irrelevantly ; "at least not always. Once certainly you cried, here in this arbor-do you re- member ? Is that trouble quite past now, Kathleen?' " No," she said slowly, keeping her eyes bent down ; " it is worse-worse than ever." Had I been mistaken all along 1 and her trouble really only her father's intemperance, shocking and grieving her? I could scarcely think it, and yet for an instant I doubted. . » ; - (TxTbe continued.) ~ 