Ghosts at Hampton Court'." 'THE ghosts at Hampton CourtPalace .are said still to'frighten'the inhabi- tants and officials of the place ; and ?even visitors, it is declared, are.not exempt, several of them1 having ter- minated their, visits abruptly owing to the noises they have heard. .. A resident in the palace sends to the Daily Graphic au account of an apparition seen'by an attendant in the gardens, who was sitting on a bench waiting for the inspector to pass on his rounds at night, when .suddenly he felt a handmaid upon his face, and, looking up, saw a tall pale Indy, dressed in grey... He sprang up at once, but she vanished before his eyes, and the shock caused by the apparition was soi great that he had to resign his, post.. " He became so nervous that he .was absolutely afraid.-to remain in the gardens at night.' Nor are the ghosts confined to the gardens; for' a- few nights ago two ot the maid-servants, fancying they smelt something burn iug, went down one of the stair- cases in the middle of the night and met a tall pale lady with "a reflected light on her face," and dressed, in black. She, too, vanished through one of the Queen's gates, though the door itself was shut, and no-foot- steps could be heard., Other . ser- vants in the paláce haye' been/visited by these royal ghosts. One. servant declares that she felt something come and touch her face in the dark when she was asleep in bed,"and ' another maid sleeping' in the next room called out to her to " leave ott' walking about her room," as she heard footsteps moving about.' Several visitors to the palace have noticed extraordinary noises in ;a particular room, and only a > few months ago two ladies wore standing j talking near , this roora .' at about I half-past ll one night, when they, , heard a loud crash'and saw a brif-' ' liant light flash through the room, a sight which they could not account for in any way. The Graphic's informant is positive that no practi- cal joker is the author of t he disturb- ances, as has been suggested in some quarters. Anne' Boleyn and" Jane Seymour arc said to be the disturbed spirits, and it is facetiously proposed that Mr. J. A. Froude should inter- view them, and clear up some doubt- ful points in the domestic, history of Henry VIII. ".'?,., . 