OUR NOVEL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] ALL ALONG THE RIVER, BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " The Venetians ; or, All in Honour," " Aurora Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," " Just as I Am," a Taken at the Flood," " Phantom Fortune' "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Welt," Ac, c. Copyrighted, by Tillotson a Son.) CHAPTER XII. (Continued.) " WHERE THE COLD SEA RAVES . V Your brother has been good enough to ask me to dinner," said Mr. Colfox, after a little talk about the old women and their ailments. " I met him at the club this morning." "He wants you to meet Captain Hulbert Perhaps you know him already?" "No he has not been here within my time. He only left the Navy a year ago, and he was generally stationed at the uttermost ends of the earth, keeping ' guard over our remote possessions. Have you Seen from P" .,,-,,;.<,'\ ; "Only for an instant. He passed my sister and me yesterday eveningHur¿he moonlight. I thought he looked a nice person-but 1 think women have a natural leaning towards sailors. I could never imagine a seaman telling a falsehood, or doing a mean action." in: ? ''There is a kind of open-air manner which suggests truthfulness,"2 admitted Mr. Coif ox. Yet there have been dark deeds done by sailors; there have been black sheep even in the Queen's Navee. However, I believe Captain Hulbert is worthy of your good opinions':! have never heard anybody speaks against him, and the old people who knew him as A lad seem to have liked him better than : Lord Lostwithiel." '.;?-, ,,]';;" "Do tell me your opinion of LordLoBt withiel. r I am very curious upon that subject.' Mr. Crowther talked so much about him the night we were at Glen * Averil." I " Mr. Crowther loves a lord." "Please satisfy my curiosity. Is he really such a fascinating personage 2?' ; "He has very pleasant manners. I I don't know what constitutes fascination in a man, though I know pretty well what it means in a woman. Lord Lostwithiel's manners are chiefly distinguished by repose without the affectation of languor and by an interest in other people so cleverly simulated that it deceives every- body. One finds him out by the" way in which people boast of his friendship. He cannot be so attached to all the world He has a manner which is generally described as sympathetic." " Mr. Crowther enlarged a good deal upon his lordship's admiration for my sister-in-law at the Hunt Ball. Was that so. very marked ?" . ' '' ;?"" ? ; 22 Mr. Coff ox coloured violently at this question assuredly not easy to answer truthfully without hazard of offence. I was not at the ball-I-I heard people talk a little in the way people stalk of everything about Lostwithiel's Attention to Mrs. Disney, and about her prettiness. They all, agreed that if : not the loveliest woman in the room she was at least the most interesting." . \: "It was very natural that he should admire her but I don't think Martin liked Mr. Crowther's talk n x about it in, that way, at the dinner table.: The man is horridly unbred. Has Lord Lost withiel what you call "she hesitated a little good character" i ''I don't know about the present, I have heard that in the past his reputation was not spotless." "I understand," said Allegra, quickly. The admiration of such a man is an insult; and that is why Mr. Crowther harped upon the fact. I am sure he is a malevolent man." : | " Don't" be hard upon him, Miss Leland. . I believe he has only the misfortune to be a leader read by birth, education, | and associations. Don't fling your stone at such a man-consider what an unhappy fate it is." j " Oh, but he does not think himself unhappy. He is bursting with 'self importance and the pride of riches.! He .. is the typical rich man of the Psalmist. He must be the happiest man inTrelasco, 1 a thick-skinned man whom nothing can hurt." "I am sorry you think so badly of poor Mr. Crowther, because. I am really attached to his wife, She is one of the best woman I know." ; "So my sister tells me, and I was very much pleased with her myself ; but one cannot afford to be friendly with Mrs. Crowther at the cost of knowing her husband." She spoke with some touch of the insolence of youth, which sets so high a y value upon its own opinions and its own , independence, and looks upon all the rest of humanity as upon a lower plane. Youth makes its - own exceptions and while it has a somewhat arrogant scorn for the many, it reverence the few with a blind hero worship and its love is always an upward looking love the desire of the moth for the star." Mr. Colfox sighed, and smiled at the same moment, a sad, little, half cynical smile. He was thinking how impossible it was to refrain from admiring this out- spoken girl, with her quick intellect, and her artistic instincts, so spiritual, so unworldly, and fresh as an April morning show impossible not to admire, how-,''. difficult not to love her, and how futile to love. He thought of himself with scathing , self -contempt middle-aged, homely of .. feature and of figure, with nothing to recommend him except good birth, a small independence just so much as enabled him to live where he pleased and serve whom he would, without reference to the stipend attached to the cure, and v a little rusty, dry-as-dust learning. ; Nothing more than this; and he wanted to win and wed a girl whose image never recurred to his mind without the suggestion of a rose garden, or a summer morning. Yes, she reminded him of morning N and dewy red roses, those old-fashioned heavy red roses, round as a cup, and a breathing? sweetest perfume. The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the WEST . AUSTRATIAN. 'y He jagged on by her side in silence, and only awoke from his reverie to bid her good-bye at the gate of a cottage garden, in the lane that led up the hill to Tywardreath. Mr. Golfos and Allegra met again in the drawingroom of the Angler's Nest at a quarter to eight. He was first to arrive, and Isola had not yet appeared. Martin Disney was at his post in front of the library fireplace, library and drawing room making one spacious room, lighted with wax candles here and there, and with one large shaded lamp on a table near the piano. Isola had been suffering from headache, and had been late in dressing. Captain Herbert had been in the room nearly ten minutes before his hostess appeared, looking pale and ill in her black lace dinner gown, and with an anxious expression in her eyes. He had been introduced to Allegra, and was talking to her as if he had known her for years, when his attention was called off by Isola's appearance, and his introduc- tion to her. Was this Martin Disney's wife, he thought, wonderingly- such a girlish fragile creature so unlike the woman he had pictured to himself. Strange that Lostwithiel should not have told him of her delicate prettiness, seeing that he was a connoisseur in beauty, and hypercritical ; "This is just the kind of beauty he would admire," thought Halbert, " something out of the commoners pale, spiritual beauty-not dependent upon colouring, or even upon regularity of feature-the kind of thing one calls soul, not having a better name for it." They went in to dinner presently. Captain Hulbert and Isola, Mr. Colfox and Allegra. The-table was a small oval, at which five people made a snug little party. There were feathery white chrysanthemums, relieved by a cheerful glow of coloured Venetian glass, delicate est pink and jade green, under the light of a hanging moderator lamp. John Hulbert looked round him with pleased expression, taking in the flowers, the glass; the delicate cream white china, the lamplight, everything land the éthe two fair young faces, are pale and pensive, the other aglow with the delight of life, eagerly expectant of new ideas. ; They talked of the Vendetta and the places at which she had touched lately. Captain Herbert had spent his summer on the Eastern Liguria, between Lerida and Civita Vecchia. a " Wasn't: it the wrong time of year for Italy P" asked Mr. Colfox. " No, it is the season of seasons in the land of the sun. If you want to enjoy a southern country, go there in the summer. The-sont 1) is made for summer, her houses are4railtfor'h<it weather, her'Streets are planned for shade in the midsummer; her wines, her-foodr her- manners and customs have all been made for summer time-not for winter. If you want to know Italy at her worst go there in cold weather." "Where did you leave Lord Lostwithiel ?" Disney asked, presently. "I left him nowhere. He left me to rove about Southern Europe-left me on his way to Carinthia. He is like the wandering Jew. He used to be road about yachting; but he got sick of the Vendetta all of a sudden, and handed her over to me. Very generous on his part ; but the boat ist something of a white elephant for a man of my small means. I wanted him to sell her. wouldn't hear of itself let her<-~Not to be thought of. * I'll- lead her to you,' he said, "and you shall keep her as long as you like-Sink sherrif you like so long as you don't go down in her. She is not a lucky boat.' " '" Have you sailed her longP" i " Nearly a year, and I love her as if she were bone of my bone, and flesh off my flesh. Let us all go for a sail to-morrow, Mrs. Disney-to Mevagissey or thereabouts. We could do a little fishing. It will be capital fun. What do you say, Miss Leland P" " I should adore it," said -Allegra, beaming at him. " The sea is my passion and I think it is Mrs. Disney's, passion too. We are a kind of amphibious creatures, living more eriwater4han on land. We venture as far as we dare in a row boat-but oh, that is such a little way." " I'm afraid sometimes you will venture so far that you won't be able to get back again, and will find yourselves drifting away to America," said her brother. Isola answered never a word, until Captain Herbert addressed her pointedly for the second time. "Will you go, Mrs. Disney-may we make up the party ?" "I would rather not," she answered, without looking at him. " But why not. Are you such a bad sailor-in spite of all Miss Leland says of you?" "I am a pretty good sailor in a row boat but not in a yacht. And I hate fishing-such a slow, weary business. I would rather not go." stars so sorry ; but you must not be worried about it," said Hulbert, kindly, seeing the growing distress in her countenance. " We will not go in for fishing or excursions-but you and Miss Leland will at least come to afternoon tea on the Vendetta-to afternoon tea in the harbour. There used to be a comic song when I was a boy-' Come and drink tea in the arbour.' You must come to the arbour with an aspirate. It is not so rustic or sentimental-but there will be no earwigs or creeping things to drop into your teacup. Mr. Colfox, you will come, won't you ?" "I shall be delighted," answered the curate. " I have a sneaking kindness for all yachts." The conversation drifted back to Lostwithiel and his works and ways, presently. " When he went home three years ago he gave me to understand he was going to settle down at the Mount, and lead a quiet life for the rest of his days," said Captain Hulbert. Yet, three months afterwards he and his yacht were off again like the Flying Dutchman, and the next I heard of him was at Leghorn, and six months later he was coasting off Algiers and Tangier and the following spring he was in South America and the Vendetta was laid up at Marseilles, where he begged me to go and look after her, and take her to myself until such time as he should want her again. I was with him for a few days at Leghorn, where he seemed ill and out of spirits. I don't think you can have used him over well in this part of the world, Mrs. Disney," he added, half in jest. " I fancy some of you must have snubbed him severely, or I his tenants must have worried him by their cut instants and exactions. I could not get a in to talk about his life at the Mount. He seemed to have taken a disgust for the old home." ~" Yon must put-that down to-his roving temper," said Disney, for although I was away at the time, I can answer for it there was no such thing as snubbing in the case. Your brother is the only peer in these parts, and from the way people talk about him he might be the only peer in Great Britain-the Alpha and Omega of Debrett. Our parvenu neighbour, Mr. Crowther, talked of him one night with a slavish rapture which made me sick. I am a Tory by association and instinct, but I can't stand the Bulgarians worship of a lord." Isola looked at her sister-in-law, and they both rose at this moment, the Church almost tumbling over the navy in eager- ness to open the door, Navy winning by a neck. They were not long in the drawing room, not more than the space of a single cigarette before the men followed. Then came music, and a good deal of talk in the long, low, spacious room, which looked so bright and homely by candle- light, with all its tokens of domestic and intellectual life. " What a capital quarter-deck this is," cried John Hulbert, after pacing up and down while he listened, and talked, and laughed at Allegrafs little jokes about the narrowness of village life. "It is delightful to stretch one's legs in such a room as this after six months upon an eight-ton yacht." " You will have room enough to stretch your legs at the Mount," said Disney. Captain Herbert had announced his intention of spending a week or two under- the family roof-tree, while the Vendetta underwent some slight repairs and renovations. " Room enough and to spare," he said. "I shan't feel hates jovial walking up and down those grounded rooms as I feet here! I shall fancy a ghost pacing behind me, clump, clump, champion slow, solemn' footstep-only the echo of my own tread perhaps; but, shall never; know, for I shall be afraid to look around." " You ought not to make sport of weak people's fancies, for I am sure you don't believe in ghosts," said Allegro, leaning with one elbow on the piano, turning over pieces of music absently, a gracious figure in a sage green velvet gown,, cut just low enough to show the fine curves of a full round throat, white and smooth as ivory. " Not believe in ghosts ? Did you ever know a sailor who wasn't superstitious ? We are too often alone with the sea and the stars to be quite free from spectral fancies, Miss Leland. I can see in year eyes as you look at me this moment that you believe in ghosts belie ve and tremble. Tell me now, candidly-When do you most fear them at what hear of the day or night does the unreal seem nearest to you . " I don't know," she faltered, turning over the loose music with a faintly tremulous gesture, while Isola sat by the piano, touching the notes dumbly now and then. "Is it at midnight in the gloaming in the chill, mysterious dawn ? You won't answer ! Shall I guess ? If you are like me, it is in broad, daylight between two or three in the afternoon when the servants are all idling after dinner, and the house silent.- You are alone in a big, bright room, perhaps with another room opening out of it and a door a long way off. You sit writing at your table, and you feel all at once that the room is haunted. There must be something or someone stealing in at that remotest door. You daren't look round. You go to the window and look out into garden or street for a town house may be just as ghastly as a country one-and then with, a great effort you turn slowly round and face your terror, in the broad, girlish sun- light, in the business hours of the day. There is nothing there, of course, but the feeling has not been the less vivid. I know I shall be spectre haunted at the Mount. You must all come and scare away the shadows, Mr. Colfox, are you fond of billiards?" "I own to a liking for the game. I play With Mr. Crowther and his younger daughter whenever I dine at Glenavcril. Alicia is a very fine player, for a girl, and her father plays a good game." "Then you will come up to the Mount two or three times a week and play with me, I hope. There's a fine Thnrston table in the hall. It may be a little out of order, but we must make the best of it-and there's plenty of sound claret in the cellars, to say nothing of a keg or two of Schiedam that I sent home from the Hague." > " Mr. Colfox will not make much impression either on your claret or your schnapps," said Disney, laughing. " He He is almost as temperate as one of those terrible anchorages in the novel we were reading the other day - ' Home Sum.'" "I am glad you put in a qualifying ' almost,' " said the curate, " for I hope to taste Captain Hulbert's Schiedam." The Captain expatiated upon what his three new friends and his one old friend, Martin Disney-were to do to cheer him in his solitude at the Mount. "There is nothing of the anchorite about me," he said. "I love society, I love life and movement, I love bright faces." He would not leave until they had all promised to take tea on board the yacht on the following afternoon, an engagement which was kept by Allegra and the Colonel; but not by Isola, whose headache was worse after the little dinner party ; nor by the curate, who had parish business to detain him on shore. [To be continued on Saturday. 