* Reflections on the Christian Religion. By " R.D." t heard a -ermou preached on the sonhsect many years ago, andl when tih service was over, I said -to 'nyself,-Is there any single individual 'hero who renognises ind understands the truths which are being taught. I epoke to -one tr two, and found that they were impressed by certdin passages and detuils only; and I do not believe that a single person that was present understood the " principle" involveit Now the detailsand quotations are of no iniportance except on account of the truths which are deduced from them. andl the doctrine which they tench-. Now what was the principle to be established 't 'that Jeans Christ was (;od." To establish it by the letter, 1800 years hian been insuflicient. The "spirit" does not require as many seconds to shew the truth toany christian. The first and last hope of every Christian, is, that lie may obtain forgiveness of hIi sins, and future happi ness through the du eal of Christ upon the cross. If Jesus Christ died upon the cross lie could NOT be God, as God -is Cevitlasting inmmortal. - t is childish and absurd to full back upon the arguiaont that it was only the mortal body of Christ which died. IT WAS ThATTKERY MonrTA. bODY Of the nighty God-the everlasting Father in it. Josus'Christ was that one person in whilh tih two natntes were combined. Jesus Chriet was the name of the im.i:fest mortal nature, the"' Word" of lie spiritual. Will iny Clristian deny that it was Jesus Christ who was born of the virgin Mary aRd crucified-? Will anyone deny that lie ctsnaHy ldied. " For every spirit that'on fesseth not that Joses Christ ia sonme in the dfesl. -is not of God," (l[ Joln rv 3). " For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that Jesus Christ i comle in the flesh. This is a deceiver iiand an Anti-christ" (2 John7). Whoever tlfcreforo acknowledges Jesus Christ as God-thle second person of the Trinity,, also acknowloges the 'linmortality of the body whlicl hung upon the crsoss (hut could not die). Who eve'r acknowledges Jetas Christ us God-mInst therefore lie also a deceiver and an Anti'christ. We can say that the Word or (Logos) which was in Jesus Christ, was the second person.of the Trinity, hnt this Word was nlit JesusChrisat without tie mortal body which died upon the cross. The two natures were in one person, and that one person which was born in the world, and .not before all worlds,-was oor Savinu'r Jesus Christ. If that 'one person was God it vwolil not dio, and nill the de:redst hopeh of the Christian, through the merits snd death of this one person are dispelled, they vanish into thin air. Christ was "not God, but " God was'in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself" tlrough Christ, (2 Cnrn. .5 19) There is a passage in the gospels which has been very generally . verlooked,' perhaps purposely, as being diffictilt to. explain. It is tlifs--1" For I foar, lest by any moans, ts the serpent heguiled Eve rhiroogh hist subtlety, to yeart minds ehmlltd he corrup. ted from. the simlpiicity which is in Christ. for if he -that comneth preacheth another Jesus, whom We have not preaclid, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not teceivel (from us), or anothlr Sgospel, which ye have not nccepted -(fromn u) yo miight welH bear wilt him" (2Unrin. XL 3-4) Wlho is thin'" other Jeaosns"? What is this new gospel ? It is not a mystery. -After the time of the apostles, there actually was raised uphy the commandmerits of men' in A.D. S25, a new Jesus, with an imnnortal hody,-God-; tlho two natures in thle one person were fron this tiime to beooneidlered in thie chutrch ls one, ' uncbnfouinied, lin clanged, oillividled, inseparable." The mortal nlatiure lIecamriu inilunrtal-s-God. Mary was tlho mother of God. At 'the rfrnnmation Illis doctrine was accepted., and the two, natures, the GOnlltea/. and 'theu ianlhnool, were .joined to;etlher in one personn never to be divided; and thtt one person was Jenus Clirtt. OI. There oare therefore tw.o Jesus'. The apostlos preached " Cltist crucified" the only Sin of God, conceived by the Holy Ghost, horn of the Virgin Mnary, naffered tnder Poatins Pilate, cricified, ileadl, aln buried. lie desconded into fell, andit the third day Ie rose again froti the dead, and aeconldell into heaven..and sittetl on the right hand of God the Father uliniglhy, from whlni'e he shall come to .judgo bothl tle quick a.anI the dead. In this we find the "siiplicity" of a mortal body, in which was tho " ful ness" of the spirit'of his Father, born of a woman' in the world. In thia .we can recognise (he spirit ' being separated (ordained) from the body, by the Father. after the death of the 'ndt:thl 'flesh. This simplicity, however, welfind corripted in A.D..325 when the tree Godllead of Chriit decreed, and still further in A.n. 431, when the doctrine was laid down that .ess Christ was God and man indivisibly-Mary was the mother of God. This is evident from the Nicene and Anthannsinti creeds promulgated after the general councll of Niccs, when the dnctrine of Arias, betler ing in the mlortal ilatuire of Christ. was condemned. .We lere find the " other Jesais" firetolt by St. Paul, Bego'ten of his father before all worlds. God of Gods, Very God f Very God, begotten, not Inade,.ot one substanco with the Father, by whom all things Were made, who for its men and our silvation came down ftom heaven, and was incarnate by thi Iflly Ghost of Virgin Mary, ' and was'made man, and was cricided nndoer Pontius Pilate etc. (niceunl reed). Equal to the Father as tnnching his Godhead, and inferior to the Pather as touehing Ilis manhood. tere we find a| " mystery' at once created by the reasonings of men, in confessing the " VWrd" or spirit with tie mortal tlody. We hero find that Jesus Christ was begotten, that is. of the flesh, not made and hegeotten before all worlds, or before flesh itself was created by God. We here fnd Joesus Christ'as God of Gods, by whom all tlhines were made. -If he was begatten of the flesh, he could n6t have made the flesh of which he was begotten. It was by the " Wonl"' that all things were madel, not Jesus Chrtist. We also find here forthe first time that he was of one substance with the Father-spiritnial; nr if we are allowed to imagine tlhat he did have a morlal' body, tlhen the Father must have been mortal. St Alliansius goes still further and says that although Jesus Christ was perfect iman, yet thie Father was still umore perfect, as the Son was inferior to tliu Father as tonclhing his manlhood. V .e are also told, thus "for ostr salvation lie camue dlown from heaven" ltllough in another place we are told he was begotten (of the flesh). It will be noticed in tlhose two creeds th:it although he saffered and was crecified,- +et is there no allusion to his death-because lie wus God, and as such could not die. IIe descended into hell and tilu third day arose fromnt(among) the deal. In this ,Nicene creed we also find the 1dilv Ghoe.t was another Lord and given of Life ---lhonglh " C.M." says Christ is tihe only giver of life. This is the ' mystery" which has hbea acceptedl, and which blinds the eyes. of men. These two Jsans' are two Christ:: and these two ('hridts are lt tihe Trite Clrtist-2nd the Ainti-christ. The one we find in the apostles creed with a Inturtal body-the other in the Nicene creed where this body is'Gol. This "other Jesus" is being contiznually preacherd fromn every pulpit in some form or another, anil is even then done in ignorance, The shep sherds tlumselves 'own that they rsnnot explain, but they'cannot inderstand cirlain "ynvsteries." WVoeni it not then be beotter to leave thorn atone rather than employ human ingenuity in drawing ldeductions froni the letter, uand teaching false doutrine. I say false adlvisudly because the " spirit" of the Word only can shew the trnlth, and those who refuse to acknowlege that Ithes " -pirit" is aming 'men, cannot anid will not bie ailed by that spirit, but their reasonings and deductions will be perveroed ~nto'a false channel, WVhy do. we refuse to believe, and even ridlliel the idea, that tihe " spirit", of God is on earth, even as in the time of the apostles. Thue Word of Troth tells us it is on earth. It fled into the wilderness in A.D. 430 for 260 years, but was sent bucek to men in A.D. 1690. Where is it ? Seek it-andl if yon eteek it you shall tind it in the letter of the \Vord, L'his spirit does not take the form in wh'lch it waes innifested iin the tiuine of the apostles,-prophecy, miracles, laugeages, ete-These are not ruequired i.t the present day. It is simply a spirit which will help is to see the T'rnth, and to distelinglslh between the letter and the spirit of the Y" Word"-a spirit whichl slhes at a glance how certain cntradictinee nl my tbe receon ciled, and enables tus to tend tihe spirit without seeking quiratinins to stlpport it; a spirit which enables tne to 'erogniso tihe manuy evil attriuhtes whlich haien hbeen ascribed to our God, to reject th an, sndt to see hi? with huumn undlerstanding, as a God of love, tmercy, justici and trutth. Then will our reator hbe our God, andt his ways will be outr ways, It is the spirit only which can recuncile all differences, all creeds; it is this spirit only which can bring all Christians "to the, unity of the faith. and the knowledge of the Son of God." and unite themrn in the communion of the church into oNe Iflock tinder one shepherd. Thios spirit will come to any who seek for it frimn that Christ who died for its, anI proemiselit to send it to its, how ever muich we pray to hlitm for it, as it is not his spirit. The spirit 'e 'sendsa us, blinds our eyes, veils the '" \Word" in " mystery," and hides the truth. For in this wordul mystlery" lies tihe secret. ' A little leaven heasveneth the whole leump." (Rev. xlt 5B). SCThis correspondence mtut now ,cease. Eo. AD]. . .._ - 