A SOLDER'S SECRET. — BY— CAPTAIN OHARL'ES KING. [CoPVBiGnr. All Rights Reserved.] American Press Association. CHAPTER II. Indian summer was over and done with. The soft haze had gone. For three days the wind had been blowing hard from the north west and the air was as clear as an Arizona sky, the distant outlines sbarp as the tooth of the prairie blast. Oolonel Farquhar had ;; suddenly broken off 'his shoeing trip, and, \--' without saying -vhy, returned to the post. vapitiiii jxuilc jjuu uub tile ciuo, once b favourite resort, and was much in Dr. Hoi den's company — Holden, who wa6 lonely , ... enough now that his wife and little ones were gone. Throughout the 'garrison there was one leading topic for conversation- and con jecture — Miss Outline's strange adventure the eight of her intended departure and her equally strangffegnduct thereafter. She had remained senseless but a few moments. : -W Gentle hands had raisedjArid borne her to the bed in the room she was evidently just about entering when suddenly halted by some mysterious cause. Here, *vhen restored to consciousness, an almost hysterical attack of laughing and weeping had followed upon her prostration. She insisted on attempting to rise and go to the tro.iD,«a£ originally claimed, but this Holden noeitivplv forhade. He had succeeded in stanching the flow of the blood from a jagged cut near the temple, and could suggest a ready theory as to the cause thereof — in falling she had probably struck the edge of the little wooden post at the top of the balusters — but beyond this ex planation there was absolutely nothing. Nita Guthrie would only account for her sudden terror by the half nervous, half laughing statement that s'je thought she saw a ghost, had played the coward and turned to run. Din 10 me irainea puysician it was evi dent she had received a severe shock. Des pite her pleadings Dr. Holden had refused to allow her to attempt the journey until three days had elapsed, during which time, though she laughed at him and laughed at herself, her condition continued so nervous and ex citable that he would not permit visitors to see her. This was pretty hard treatment, thought her many lady friends at the post, tut he was wise and they could only obey. When the evening came for the departure, a large contingent, ladies and officers both, as sembled to say farewell, and Nita, Mrs. Hol den, each of the children, and oven the nurse could have had two or three escorts to the train. But no one had opportunity to say much to the central figure of all this sym pathetic interest. Only at the iast moment did she appear, and was usheied almost in stantly to the waiting carriage by Holden, who had only summoned her when vigilant eyes had reported the headlight of the ex press visible far up tho valley. But then down at the dark platform of the station, faithful, sad faced Rolfe vas waiting, and in the minute or two that intervened before the huge train came glaring, hissing and thunder ing alongside he managed to have a word or two with her. Mrs. Vance, had she been present, might have vowed that Nita shrank and clung to Holdeu's aim, but others who were there saw her extend her gloved hand cordially, saw that Rolfe clung to it an instant — charitable others who could only wave adieu, for the party was hurried aboard, and away went the express, the tail lights of the rear sleeper disappearing in the dripping gloom around the bend, for as though in sympathy with the mourning of the post, a drizzling rain had begun to fall iust after re treat. Rolfe, gazing after them to the last, ?wore that look seen on the face of many an other man many another time. There can be few sensations more dismal than that of watching the disappearing lights of the train that bears away one's best beloved, especially in the eyes of him who stands rejected. 'Let me drive you home, Rolfe,' said Holden kindly. ' Two of a Irind,' was his mental addition. And Rolfo turned slowly away, neither man saying another word un til onco more they stood at the gate ef the now deserted home. ' Come in and have a pipe.' 'Thanks, not— now, doctor.' A long wistful pause, then — ' Well, good night.' ' Good night, old wan. Come when you will ; I'll be lonely now.' And the doctor stood and gazed after him long and earnest ly as the captain strode into the darkness out over the parade. Within the days that followed, when he had leisure to think it all over, Holden felt his perplexities increase. Up to the very last Nita had persisted in her statement that nothing had happened to warrant the ab surd exhibition she bad made of herself, ' I was overwrought, nervous, unstrung,' she said; ^' I had run up to the room for my gloves', which I had left upon the table. I had not reached the door, and it was just the waving of those white curtains in the draught from the side window .1 must have thought I saw a ghost, and, like a fool, I screamed and tripped, and— voilrf tout.' ' ' But Holden had known her for six years and felt well assured she was not of the stuff that is easily stricken with terror. With every confidence in her veracity in general he did not in the least believe her now. The more he studied the matter he felt that she was biding something from them one and all, even from Jennie, whom she dearly loved and whom ordinarily she frankly trusted. It was evident that Jennie, too, believed, as did her husband, the doctor, that there was some thing behind it all. But Jennie wan gone, and, except possibly Rolfe, there was no one to aid him in his search., after the truth. Rolfe's heart was now shrouded in its own gloom that any phase of tragedy seemed cred ible. Rolfe evidently wanted to know Hol den's suspicions or surmises, and again and again led up to the subject ; but of all men in the garrison, much as he esteemed, him, Rolfe seemed hardly the man to make a con fidant of now. Was he not Nita's avowed though rejected lover 1 Of cnurse. no time had been lost in mak ing investigation on the night of the occur rence. Even while tho doctor and others were raising the unconscious girl from the floor, half a dozen officers were scouring the promises for signs of intruders and had found absolutely nothing. The room occupied by Miss Guthrie in the doctor's house was im mediately to the kft at the head of the stairs. The hall was broad, thn landing roomy; It was one of the oldest sr-ts of quarters at the post, and an oddity in its way. Entering the door of the rear room on the east, three windows appeared, two open ing at the back and one at the side. The two at the back looked out over the roof of 'the rear porch. It was perfectly practicable for any one with a ladder to have clambered to this roof, and, had tho blinds been open, peered in the windows at the occupant. But -there was no ladder. What was more, the blinds were tight shut and bolted on the in side. The shades within were drawn down, and the lace curtains looped over each. Between them stood a lone, old fashioned mirror above the toilet tahle draped with lace curtains very much as were ths windows themeelves. No one from without could have been visible to anyone within. No one within 'could 'have been seen by anyone without. (To be continued.) 