Sir Henry Parkes' Book. A FIFTY YEARS IN THE MAKING OF AUSTRALIAN HISTORY. BuJ SiTr Tenry Pares, G.C6JI.G. Longsman, Green, and Co., Londlon. WVE have received a copy of the above from M?essrs. Turner and .l-enderson, Sydney, although the fact is not overlooked that re views of the work, based on advance copies, have appearedin tile Sydney press, and given to thle world a fair idea of its contents. The radical defect of the book is its being an autobiography. The ctcrnaland irrepressible ego runs through its pages fronm first to last, and the printers must occasionally have been put to their wits' end for more l's. 'Taking up the book at random, we find in page 105,. in a speech in favour of imnsigration, no less than 22 of these letters. Perhaps this continual use of thle first person gave point to the remark of the ancient observation recorded in Scripture, "Oh, that mine enemy would write a book!" All autobiographies are liable to the exhibition of the same defect, and to a graver one than that. For, when a person writes his own history he is posed for the occasion, and eidcavours, unconsciously perhaps, to show himself sl'ot as hlie is, but what he would like to be. Few autobio graphers care to present themselves to the public they are addressing in a doubtful or unpleasant light, and therefore it is that no man's life should be written intil he is dead. The opening chapter of the work discovers Henry l'arkes and his young wife and child sailing up Polt Jackson oi July 25, 1839, in " a large full-rigged ship, one of the old build, with squaire stern, high poop, and bluff bows." Unconsciously the writer pre sents himself as a personage whose fricnidlecss condition ait such a tismo was deserving of some comiscseration. But as a pioneer of the free immigration which afterwards broke in full force on these shores, Sir Heonry Parkes may be congratulated in having arrived at a time when opportunities for distinction were much s noro numerous than they are now in the well-beaten track of colonial life. Yet it should serve as an encourage ment for other poor - men landing du these shores to read tlihat the future statesmanofo Ncw South Wales, "for many weary-days following weary days searcshed in vain for suithlble employment in Sydney," and finally had to accept service as ai firmn labourer at £30 a year, and a ration and a half lhrgely made up of rice. Under this co. gagement he worked for six months on the Iegentville estate of Sis Johu Jamison, "assisting to wa.sh sheep in the Nepean, joining the reapers in tile wheat field, rud performning other manual Ilbour on the pro perty." That must uldoubtedly have been a very rough time for the younsg English inuni grant when the kind of men working on that particular property is remembered. For these were the days of shnost universal convictism, and a free imnmigrant was re garded almost with pitying contempt as one who was and had not been " a Government man." Such a rough experince, however, must have been beneficial to Parkes at a later stage of his career when he was one of the foremost in the agitation for the stoppSage of the transportation of convicts to these shores. Tired of tlhat life inthecountrywhich he frequentlyafterwardscounsellednewcomers to take to, Henry Parkes, like thousands of bush-worlkers since, returned to Sydney, and obtained employment in ai wholesale iron mongery store, sid then in sm iron foundry. A considerable portion of his history is told in the few words :-" Shifting as best I could, I worked on among the mxuknownvl crowd of strugglers for several years." This cheerless account of this portion of Ihis lifo is, however, brightened by the thought that "during this Speriod I made the acquaintance of several young men who afterwards achieved positions of fair distinction, including Angus Maclkay, M1inister of Education hi Victoria in lator years, and Charles Harpur, one of the earliest of Australian poets.". It is characteristic of the autobiographer tlhat if little light can be diffused from his owvn sphere it cLI be radiated from those of others in his vicinity. .But the record of these qarly days shows clearly that democracy, un adorned by many educational advanhtges, gave to the colonial knighlthood of Britain ti he man who can claim 54 years' almostunbroken experience of publie affairs in New South Wales. And it is significanuet, that, whether for the benefit of this colony ois otherwise, this veteran politician still remains an isi portant figure in the political life of Ans tralasia. The agitation agailst the convict system, -although now ancient history, is yet very interlesting reading to those who believe thalt if a simnilar state of affairs should threaten again they would be the foiemnost to talke up a position like that adopted by Parkes, Lowe, Weeks, Fidding ton, M?ort, Denielhy, and others. And if Sir HenryParkes is deserving of no other distinc tion than that of having been'a partaker in thile agitation which led to the successful opposition to the landing of the convicts on board the Hashemny, it is a high one indeed. The long account of the birth of the constits tion would be very interesting reading if latter day people were sitisfied that it is such a marvol after all. We do not for a mooment nundmervialue the'efforts then made to obtain from a suspicious, and not over-liberal mother country the recogilitios of the legisla tive independence of these colonies, but the present necessity for careen ing and scraping from the old ship of State tihe baituacles which obstruct its pro gress is so clamanut that people are not inclined to enthusiasm regarding what was at one time of daiy a fiLirly presentable example of constitutional archlitecture. Tile year 1854 is memorable from the fact thant' the self-historian vras elected to the old Le*is lativo Council- two years before the first eleetion to thle lciew Parliamnent. ie had beeon at that time engaged for four years ats the conductor of the t'mpire, a daily newspaper, which .unidoutbtedly at thitt time filled a "long-felt waitt," and paved the way for many, reforms. Chapter 4, which is a short history of his career of seven years as a. journalist, is one. which can best be understood by those who have gone through a simnilarexperience. To workc hard for such a lengthened period, and to toil at the oar in vain, cannsot be forgotten by the person who hals gained slluch unwelcomo ex perienco, and it is no wonder tlat The olEpire Inewspaper waI s a subject, aifter its failure, so painful to its promotpr and conductor as.to be a subject tabooed in the fimuily circle. The concluding sehteneo of the following extitact shonws a:piecs of egotism 'reniairkable ~l'ven inl Si"r Henry Parkes:- -:..: " Loolking back upon my entianeo upon the " stage, of lparlisamentary life, I: tlhinsk it "mnst beo admitted: thait I was hot "'idle. I at once entered into. the '" vork' with an astonishing mndount of zeal. • Sitting up all night was a recreation to me. " I did not knowwhlat weariness could ineuan.. ".I -vould hinfie the Council when it adjourned " and go to the .',Empiro ' Office, whoreo I would remain until daylight. Da-s:and " nighlitIwas sit workr.. Very often Iwas " thirty- six and foirty-oight hours withollt " going' to bed.. I Iolieve in those duSe 1 " could havoegone into the fire As " b?A blitllely as tile golduat-irdletd bee '" Sucks ilathe poppy's sleepy fati.,se, ' for the salke of my convictions. I stmutt " hare bci retade o/f the oti /sf oJ'martjs/." This iti'alcs are'ours. h 'i'h sentoeico spetuks a voluine regarding the esitnimto whihl the :mins:hiis't of himself. 'odecsty regarding one's persoodnal chru'actristics may be carrioed 'to too fatir a:length ;. but it' is ovideit that ino tharge obf this kind can-be hIid at thei door of theb' writerof thobooknlowtuiidereview. There is, .however, anotoher theory to acconnt for so ihuieh self-laudation. It is said.to be a well known physiological fact that a person is totally altered every seven years. Since 1855 thleoautobiographlor has therefore, it may be argued, changed seven times. Thero fore, Sir HIInry Parkes of 1893 can well afford to praiso and magnify the hlr. Hcnry Parkes of the year when thl British and French forces were wear ing out their lives in the muddy trenches before Sobastppol. Another revelation is afforded in the concluding and italicised clause of the following senteneo:- " But.thlo " glreat gain to mo in those two sessions of " hard work in the old Council was that I " was drilled into the methods of political " thought, and brought into intercourse with " non who, whatever mnay be their opinions, "had the edacation usnd brceding of entleatmen." In this senitence there is undoubtedly mieant to obe a stisng: but, doubtless, a perusal of it in cold, ufeehling print now suggests to Sir HIIenry tlhat it night well have been omsitted for hIis owni sake. Tie striko of the comipositors on !L'he .Emprir, asnd the Iaction of the proprietor, are subjccts Vlwhich have msore thans one side, and might well have boeen told in a couple of sen tences. With referosco to the subject of immsuigration, he follows uip his action in the old Council in 184S.on this subject by dove tailing an extract froam Jansard on that?sub ject a quarter of a century litter. In this debate the remnarks of thie late Mr. Fletcher, member for this city, and Mr. Melville, thoun and now a parliamentary r presoutative of Northulmberland, againstttooding the country with newocotmers while the cities were crowded with uiscmsployed, are quoted. Sir HIenry rentarks - *MIr. Melvillo appeared as one of the ," members for aI coal-miuinig constituIenCy, "where the feeling against dall newcomers " 'was too earnest to be disguised. It would " have cost him hIis seat if he had venitured to " support imiigration. Bui the debate which " followed on my proposal 'showed tlihat other "members were beginning to modify their "popinions to meet the prejudices of those "least capable of reaisoning justly on the sub " ject. In the aed my estimate was reduced " by.£10,000, aId since then little has been Sheard of assisted iniiigration. It is aL "dangeronus m istake. The progress of tihe '- country for masy ycurs to come could be " best assisted by now population." Certninly Sir IHenry Parkles had good rea saon to thilk kindly of the subject. For in 1861 Iheo carried a resolution in the Legislative Assembly in favour of two persons withll a good knowledge of tihe colony being sent to hngland to nmake known its advanttges ussa field for emigrants. It was a happy thought, for soon aIfterwards MBessrs. .Parkes and Dalley were atppointed conmnissioners of emi gration, each at a salary of £1000 a year and allowances! These must surely have been halcyon aind prosperous times; and when we hear Sir I-IHenry uttering phillipics againstp Sir George Dibbs and ta e cost of'his mission to Engliand, the liistory of this ancient trans action in cmiigration will be recalled to thIe public mind. All that need be said on the subject is that many good menc could be obtaiued nowadaiys to perform similar work for veryT much less money. The utility of such lectures imy be inmaginod from the fiact that each emigrant had to find hIis way out to the colony at his own expense. But the autobiographier btkes credit to hni self from the facte that lie subsequently met many persons who brought chlaracter and skill and capital to New South Wsales, in consequence of the latbours of himself anid Mr. Dalley. But we fancy a similar result might have been obtained by thle appointmneut of a "distributor of literature." Altogether the 14 months spent in Eingland i this work must have been aI very rosy time. A letter from John Bright, in reply to an ap plicaItion ahich the lecturer on emigration mado to him to preside at one of his meetings, shows the stuff which thie great Freetrade cotton-spinner was made of. Writes the aissociate of Cobden :-" I cannot do anything in reference to your purpose of enfcosuraging emigration from Englanid. . . In this country there has been greast difficulty of late in keeoping machinery at work owing to the scarcity of labour.. . . The case does not aippear to me to require or to justify any special interest in it, or ainy effort to promote it onl my part." It is evident that "humast natur' " was very strong in the main of bobbins and mules, and that the interests of machinery aippeared to hit of far greater importanco thau those of mien. The moiuth of January, 1866, saw Sir Flenry Parikes Colonial Secretobary in tlh Ministry of Sir Jixmes Martin. Thie story of tie Public Schools Act has often been told by different narrators, but there can be no doubt of tihe fIact thlit the estaiblhsleint of the puiblic schools system solved difficulties which might have had the most serious consequences for this young country. It is not necessary, when praising undonomdnational educattion, to diamn donominational education. Let those whvlo wish tlheir children to be trained in schools thught by religiosi teachers carry out the deep-seatcld desires of their hearts. B3ut theo Staite has a duty to discharge to those who are to be the men ind women of tihe future, and there ought not to be the slightest doubt of the relitions which ought ultimititely to exist between tlhe State and those who oweur it alloegiance. That the public school system of this counti'y is a snonstrously costly one is no condemnation .of the system, but of its administration unider successive Go vero ments, aind thle remedy can easily bh applied. Sir HIenry Parlecs throws no light on the sharo which others thian himsesolf had in the bill whibh heo succeeded in passinig through the Legislature.. It would hIave bees mtInanutimous on the part of oneo who knows so.much on the subject to have mentioned the nmnes of tlhe able iesn who co-operated with,hitt in tlutt wbork. It canmot be for gotten, however, that Sir Heinsry is writing Iis own history, thalt space is limited tand time n leoting, nd thllat frequently men's memnories are defective. It is iabun hidtly clear that the Hiamia ghost is 'to tleo ox-Premier not a ghost at all, but a nmonstor of flesh and blood; and it wore straugo indeed if the writer, aifter so many yeains of assertion on the subject, should have written a book to withdrhaw a iheory which has served, if no otler purpose, tlhat of a political war-ory in thids coutry during the last quarter of a century. The following is a surmnary of his belief on'thle attempted assas sisnation of the Duke of Edinbit;gh at Clontarf in 1868 :-"I do niot seekl to co onicet "O'iFarreOl's crime with any party or " section of people ; his confederttes many " have been hIaro-brained visionaries; " but that Iohe attempted to nsirder the Dluke " Edinburghl in obedience to an injunoction " from others, which horrified his soul, buit " which\ho felt must be obeyed, is to miy~ " mind aibundantly clear." " At 'the siaeo time it is likely thalt if Sir HIenry Parkes haid to live over that psart of his life sgain, the wretched nmtIiiao O'iFrrell | would sot aixtive been judicially stratigled. I Thel bookl is loadeld wiith t. largo number of quite unncessary slaibs oflfransard, whiclh, ift they lie intecestiug to Einglish readers, are stalo, flat and unprofitable to ti community sirfeited with Parklositu cloquence. The history of the political conflicts front the Jonnings Ministr, unItil now are so woll knownsto and so little appreciated by colonial reuderCs that to recount them would he tedious. Right through the book we hear little of the btitle of the Outs taginst tie Insi,;-as if the necessity to live did not affect politicians as well as other professional peoplo. The io question of .Federation oceupies the conclusion of theo book; and it seems rather rough tnao that Clovoland .d will Iso President of tho: United States and Msr. George IHous ton [-aid is a convert to Federationa-to find the httter termed " the arch plottbr agaihst Federatioil.'' Regarding Mir. Roid's atmond monton,tho Address, antd tation againist the Parltes M?inistry generally, the following swill bo found isitexesting : " H?o had brooded ov' his amendmont for 'd days past, had. exhuibited it to iadmirers, " male and fomalie and had dreamed of the "" 4 " laurels of victory. In making his inotioe' " MIr. fReid was ihteInt, as he always is-' " fluent as a watorspout after a heavy rain " but his speech was barren of thought, an. " where not vituperative, simply dull." The Christian virtues of charity an: brotherly love shine strongly, however, ii Mr. Reid's charactcr; and, it is refreshing to find that, 'after submitting to such mil banter, Mr. Reid is still willing to play Bo: , to Sir Hi:lenrrv's Cox, anr~dregard hin as hi.: long-lost brother. Of Sir Georgeo I)ibbs, i' is pleasantly said that when lie is " in tlhF murky shades of Opposition hle lives witl votes of censure hung up all round bhin like Chinese lanterns.'" Ie is als; staited to bt, according to the "oftj repeated explanation of his presen" collneague, Mr. Edmund Barton, 'aL comu drum.' " Tihe latter part of the book espez1d ally is disfigured by its partisan proelivities those who were with Sir IHenry being only little lower thai thle angels, while those wli, opposed him were uo better than they shoul( be. The advent of tlhe Labour par?ty Parliamenet may be briefly told in a headii in the page of contents--' The hollo iess of democratic professioins." Th, present position of Sir Ienry as asii active politician is niot quite consistent wit another heading, "M3y last speeches ait Minister, my last imeasures, and mJ last defeat." Is it positively the very lastI - lhas tihe history to have an adidendum? T.nm, will tell. The author's visits to Euiopo:eia America iare green onses in the desertof cob' nial polities, and it is pleasant to hearthu veteran gossip of correspondence with hi Carlyles, Florence Nighltingale, Woolnor, an" Tennyson. The name of the poet suggest the striking flact thalt Sir Henry lIes not con? sidered it necessary to publlishl any of tlin' little offerings of his poetic g,.nius to thi Muses of the baekbloeks of AXustraliai It is" pleasing to lenarn that Sir Fonery' chat with tihe Princee of Walesha the effect of securing for thie Sydneuoy.Ar Gallery aIL picture which the Prince aidimniredi This was more than Sir George Dibbs sue ceeded in doing, for history states thalt th piresent Prenmier only brought back a hug, mmmd powerful cigar. Si'r HIenry believes tbai the' average man can form ai better estimaS? of his work in life than tlnl any obsoerd can judge of it. Acting on this belief h gives an estihaLte of lhimself, with which w shall conclude this notice, and adoptin,- with out question Sir Henry's views on this poini which we publish- withdut further commenont:~ " I believo myselt to be aL proud, b " thoroughly unselfish umn, with a ferven " and mmunhanging love of my fellow "creatures. 1 m1u proud of my sthel~ n 't " stiand alone, of my power to resist force " brought algainst iae, of the couquestsI hav " mado by mny own energy and persoeverance " but I feel io pride in place or position, oi "in the posssession of the gifts of fortunot " which indeed have boeen few with ime. 'I " lhave never known wlt it is to feel envy " others more favoured than miyself, aid'I "L haLve niever withhoeld my last shluling fro " tlhose who needed it more tlhan I. Thi in " fluenc of these foeelings will expImin mucb "in imy conduct which men have nisunde "stood." " 