Original Compositions. a The Haughty Bluebells. — By Lucy Coffey, Wallan Wallan. — 44 Keep your roots to yourself, please," said a stately bluebell to a little in offensive violet, who had ventared to spread its roots near those of the bluebelL 44 1 mil try to keeD them in closer." meeklv responded the violet. 44 You will try, did you say," sneered the bluebell, 44 an object like you daring to touch me with your roots." The violet did net make any answer to this remark, but nestled down closer in amongst its bed of green leaves with some more of its family. Just then two ladies appeared in the garden, each carrying a basket, and one noticing the violets said : 44 What a lovely smell those violets have got. I think I shall pick them and take over to poor crippled Bert Edmonds, who loves flowers, but cannot gather them for himself.'' And so say ing she plucked them aud put them in her basket. 44 Did you notice the bluebells out?" said the other lady. 44 Oh, yes," replied the owner of the violets, 44 they are very pretty, but I do not care much for them, because they wither so quickly," and passing by the bluebells they walked out of the garden over to Bert Edmonds' house with the flowers. The violets were placed beside bis couch along with some forget-me-nots, and their sweet smell reminded him of the beautiful meadows he could see from his window, and the violets were happy in the thought that they, made him happy, and the haughty bluebells were left to themselves. A Nabbow Escape. — By George Beattie, Werribee. — On our journey from Mornington to Werribee, father had a very narrow escape from being run over by our dray. While pass ing through Frankston he attempted to get but of the dray without stopping the horse. He slipped off the shafts and fell on the ground underneath the wheel. He had enough presence of mind to keep himself out of the way as much as possible, and the wheel passed over his coat. My sisters happened to be walking behind at tbe time. They saw the danger, and they called out to mother, who was driving. She then stopped, hut they told her to go on, because the wheel was ou father's coat and he could not get up. Mother got a great fright then, for she thought the dray was on father's body, and that it would make matters a good deal worse if she went on any farther, and she could not see father, because we put a kind of hood over the diav to keep the son off. The 6ray loaded withponfiry and heavy boxes, so thati the wheel had gone oyer father « body it would have crashed hun to aeath or smashed some of his limbs. - . / __ . Imprisoned in A Rock.— By CoraM. Ander son, Morang. — Once upon a time near a forwc lived a little boy, whose name was Joe. As ne was taking a walk in the forest one came to a fairy who' was weeping. # On asked the cause of her tears the fairy replied, 44 A little princess, named May, is imprisoned in a rock, and the stone -then will not let me go to her." 44 Oh I kind fairy, how can .1 help yon?" he asked. 44 If yon will go and sit on the rock, the stone-men will trap you inside and shut you up with Princess May. There is a trap-door in the floor of the cell which opens into the stone-men's treasure cave, which has another door that opens out into the woods. TheBe keys," said the fairy, 44 will open all the doors, and if you will go you may keep them. 44 1 will go," said Joe slowly, and, taking the keyB, he went and sat down on the rock. Pre sently the rock seemed to open, and he found himself in the presence of the stone-men. King Silas asked him what bis name was, and when Joe told him he said, 44 "What have you in your pockets ?" 44 Sticks, stones and bite of iron." 44 Take them from him," said the king. The stone-men took away Joe's keys, and put him in the cell, with Princess May, who told him that she _ knew he would come, and asked him to show her the keys. 44 Alas! I have no keys," he replied sadly. Just then the door of the cell was un barred, and a stone- man came in with some food for them, but as he put it down he said, 44 King Silas is going to have you killed to morrow at noon."' With that he went out and rebarred the door. That night they were sobbing bitterly, when they heard a voice saying : 44 Doubt me never, doubt me never, Those who leave hope die ; Faith and Truth rely on ever, Wait and do not cry." On turning around, they saw three ghostly figures flit into the -shadows. What an anxious night that was for both of them ! 44 Would they escape?" Joe kept asking himself. If so, could both go, or did the ghosts mean only one ? He certainly would not go and leave May. And May told herself that it would be best to stay with Joe, if both could not go. At dawn the three ghosts came again, and signing to the captives to follow them, opened a hidden door in the wall by passing their UdlluB wVCl iw luplUij DC YCltsl bUliCDi U vw tvilU Princess May stepped out into the open air as King Silas came into the cell, intending to go to his treasure cave to count his gold. When he saw them escaping, he tried to catch them, and they had to take refuge in the castle of the king, who was May's father. When they grew up Joe and the Princess May were married, and lived happy ever after. What Johnnie Saw in Adelaide. —By John Deverell Flood, BairnBdale, aged eight years. — When I was on a visit to my other uncles and aunts, I saw a bullock with six legs. It had two little ones growing out from its chest and four proper legs. In a shop window in King William street we saw a lady's head; she had no teeth and her face was full of wrinkles. While we looked at her, a man turned something, and the face turned head over heels. When we looked again there were no wrinkles on her face, and she had all her teeth. I saw the Governor, and I saw lots of children bathing, and some of them pushed a boat into the water. It turned upside down, and they clung on and had Bach fan, splash ing. I saw some ostrich eggs, and we saw the Indians having a procession in their best clothes, and they looked very nice. The Good Rose. — By Lottie Cumberland, South Melbourne.— Once there lived a little girl in the county of Devonshire, whose name was Rose. Although her mother was a very poor woman, Rose was very kind to other poor people, and she was always doing deeds of kindness, Such as helping a poor cripple over the streets when it was full of vehicles, or stopping little boys from fighting. In this way she got the name of the " Good Rose." One day she was at home reading a book, and wishing there were fairies, and also that she had another book, which was called Jack's favorite, when all of a sudden a voice said, 44 You believe there are no fairies, but look, I am one." She looked up, and to her surprise saw a little old woman with crutches, but she had a very pleasaut face. Rose asked her, 44 What is your name ?" My name is 44 Charity," replied the fairy, « and I am coming to reward you for all your goodness. Here is the book," she added, 4 that you were wishing for, and (seeing the surprised look ou Rose's face), you know I can guess all your wishes and can fulfill them if I like." 44 Ob," said Rose, 44 1 thank you very much, but I wish you would fulfil another aud a much more important one. You must not thinV j am greedy," she added, looking very serious, 44 but, oh ! I do wish you would grant this." 44 "Well, what is it ?" said the fairy. 44 Oh," said Rose, 44 it is that my mother would get rich, because then I should be able to help the poor much more." 44 Well, said the fairy, 44 1 will make a bargain. Every kind act you do, your mother will find herself richer. 44 Thank you," said Rose. Rose did help the poor. The fairy's prophecy came true, and so they were very rich. Rose and her mother lived to old age, and both died happy, leaving all their money to the charities. And thus we see that kind words and loving deeds always bring a golden harvest. ' 