Sermon for Sunday Timbrel of Jubilee. . v By rev.-Dh. Tauuqe. . "And Miriam, the prophetess, tho sister of Aaron, took a timbrel' :uy her1 hand; and all tho woman wont out after her with timbrels and with dances. And Miriam answered them,. cSingyo to. the Lord.far Ho hhth triumphed gloriously ; tho liorso and his rldor huth He thrown into tho sea." — Exodus xv-' 20, -21. Sorraonisors are naturally so busy in getting tho IsrueUtes safoly through- the- pdrtod Red Soa, anil tho. Egyptians submerged in' 'the returning waters, , that but little timo is ordinarily given to what tho Lord's people did after theygot well' up, high and dry, on the boaoh. That was the beaoh of tho Red Son, whioli is at its greatest width 200 inilos, and at itsToqet width 12 miles. _ This sea was out hy tho keels of Egyptian, Phoenician, and Ayal)i shipping. It was no insignificant pond or puaale on the boach'of- which my text culls us to stand. Tho .Israelites, slnnding on tho beaoh of the Rod Sea, were making mnsio on their deliverance from tlio pursuing Egyptians, and I hoar the Israblitish menf with their deep bass voiocs, and I hoar tbo'timbrol of Miriam, ,qa she -leads tho wpmon in'their jubiloe. Rather lively instrument, you say, for religious service — tho timbrel or tambourine. But I think God sanctioned it. And' L rijjhor think wq will havo to pnt a. littlo morb of tho festive into our religious services, and- drive out the dolorous and. funereal, and the day may oomq when tho, timbrbl will resume ifs place in the sanctuary,' But thpt whieli oooupiea the attention of all tho men nnd womon of that IsraeHtish host "was "tho celobration of their victory. They had crossed. They had-' triumphed.- Thoy.werb frop. ; ' 1 BrOoldyn Tabornaclo to- day feels ; much - OS;5 Moses and.Miriam .did' wliqn tlioy stood ou tlie' bunk.of tlio Red Sea after thoir safe omorgonc'o from tho waters. By tlio help "of God and the generosity of bur friends hero. and olsewhoro, our 1-10,000 dollars (£28,000). of floating ohuroli debt is forever gone, and this libuse, with tho ground upon which it ; stands, representing -410,000 dollars (£82,000), I, this duy rcconso- orato to Gpd the Euthor, God tlio Son, and God tho Holy Ghost. A stranger might ask how could this churoli get into debt 'to an amount 'that woulA build several lm-go ohiu-ches. My answer is,' waves of destruction, stout as any that- over roiled across the Red- Sea of my text. Examine -all the pagos of church history, and all the pages of tlieworld'shistory, nndsliowmo an organisation that ever had to build tlu-co great stfuotures, two of thorn destroyed hy fire, Take niiy of your biggest life insurnnco-companieB, or your biggest storehouses, or your biggest hanks,' or your higgbsj newspaper establisliments, and. let them.havo to build throe times on tlio samo foundation, and -it would cost ihem-a- strugglo, if not demolition. My toxt speaks qf tho Red Sda onco orossed, hut cmo Red would not havo so" muoh overcome us. It was with, us Red Sea after Red Scnv Throe Red Seas I Yet, to-day, thanks be to'God, we-stand on the shoro, and with organ and cornet, -in absence of a timbrel, weohantt " Sing yo- unto Gio Lord for Ho hath triumphed gloriously; the horso and his rider linth He thrown jilto . the sea." Forme, personally, tliis is a time of gladness- moro than tongue or pen- or typo can ever tell. For twenty-four ybars I had boon building ohuroKqs in Brooklyn and sobing them burp Sown, until I felt I conld endure tho strain no longer, and I had written my resignation qs pastor, and had nnpomted to read it two Sabbaths ago, and otmse my woric in Brooklyn for .over. I felt that any obiof work vmp yot to bo done, but that I could npt do. it with- tho Alpp on ouo ehoujdor 'and tho Himalayas on-tho , othor. But God' has interfered, and tho way is olear, and I am hero, and cxpeot" to bo-hero until my work on earth is-Jone. My thanks must V>o) first to- God, and thon to all who havo contributed l>y largo gift or small to this emancipation. Thanks' to the ' men, wbmcn, and childi'on who -liavo helped, and 'sometimes 'hblpcfl with self-saorificcs that I know mubt have won the opplause of tlio heavens. As a church,, we, from this day, make a nqw departure. Wo will proach more instructive sermons. Wo will offbr-moro faitlifid prayers, We will do betobr- work in all doparbnefljts." Wo will, in the autumn, resumo our Bay .College. Wo will fill all tho rooms of this magnificent pile with work for God and suffer ing humaniiy. Moro prayers havo been ofi'orcd for this church, and on both Bides tho soa, than for any church that 1ms -over existed, and all thoso prayers will he answ.ored, Clear tho track for the Brooklyn Tabernaclo ! "Sing ya to the Lpyd, for He hatli triumphed' glori ously ; thp lipj-so mid his rider hath Ho thrown . into tlio soa." But do you not now really think that tho Mirijim of my toxt l-ejoicod too soon ? Do you not think eno ought to havoi waited "till the Isruolitdsh host gotoldtir over to Caanan heforo sho atruok hor knuckles' against tho timbrel or tarrfbourino ? Miriam! You do well to lwvo the twnbouriuo ready, hat wait a little heforo yon play it. Ypa are not yet through tho joui-noy from Egypt to tho promised land; Yqu will yot liuvo to ctriuk out of tho bitter water of Marah, and many of your army will out 'so hoartily of tho fallen, quails that they' will dioof colic, and you .will, at the foot of Sinai, he scared with the thunder, and there will bo' fiery serpents in tho way, and many, battles to fight,' and lqst of all, tho muddy- Jordan to oross.- Miriam'! I havo no objec tion to tbp tambourine, but do not jlngto its bolls, or tinmip its tightened .parchment until you nro-oll through. Ah, my friends, Miriam was, right. If wo over shouted vlotoiy till wo got oloar througli tlio- struggles of this life, wo sbopld novel- sliout at all.- Copy tho habit of Miriam and Moso's, Thq moment yon get a jietory, celebrate it. Tho time and pl(ieo„ to hold a jubileo for tho. safo erossing of , tho Rod Sea, is on- itabctfoh and boforo you leave it. It, is awful, tho delayed hoeunhas ! Thehelated hallelujahs ( Tho postponed doxologies ! Tho trains of : .thanksgiving coming inyo long after thoy aro; due! ' It is' said; dp.notrejoioo ovqr a rovivql too-soon, forrthe-now meAhora might not holj put. Do not thank God for the monoy you- made to-dq-y, fo to-morrow yon might lose it oil and more. Do not botoo'gratofiil for yoiu", good healthdo-day, for to- mOrrow you may got" thp grippe, Do not bo ijoo'gladahout your- convorsioi), for you might fall irom graco. . . Do- uot rojoico too. soon over a ohiiroh's aoliveranoe,) becauso tlioro might ho disaators.yoh tq obmo. Oh, lot us' hayo no moro-adjoumod gratitude. The timo -to thank God.:for jC-xesohe from, temptation; is tlio, momept .after you; havo broken the ivino flask. Tho "rimo to thank God for your salvation is the', jnoriient. after the .first flash of pardon. Tho,;; 'time to bo gratofnl fov.tho comfort of your berbft- soul is thq -first m'omont of .'Christ's'- appoarpuoo.at the mausoloumof Lazarus. "! Tho timo, for Miriam's tamhouririeto, sound its most jubilaut noto js tho moment tho last Israelito. Stouts Iris- foot on- tlio sand of the parted inland , ocean. Aids! ethat-whan God's mercies havo" snoh.swiit wings, our praises- should havo such .leaden foot. ; . Notice that Miriam-s-song in my toxt-had for ' ;its harden tho overthrown cavalry. ' It was not , so muoh tho -infantry Or tho "mon on foot ovor .whoso . defeat. sho rejoioodwith ringing , timbrel, but lovor tho men on horsebaqk— tlio mounted troops ! : ;;«.Thq horse and ' his ri(ler.hath Ho,' thrown iiito the sba." .'..There" is 'somothing. torriblo-ili-a eavqlry ohavgo. ' X0" 80P it is net,' liko a; soldier aAfoot, thrusting a hayonoti or , strildng ivith, a'. s'w.Qrd/ using, nothing1 but; tho I strength of liis pwri musolo and sinows; for tlio . : cavalryman adds, to , tlw strength of his own arm, tho awful plungo; of a stocd at fiilVgiilUip.'' Tremendous ) urui . qf ' ivm is-: tlio-; ouvalry J , Josophusa'says (hnj; in .tho.hostth'ut crossod ; tho, Rod i Sea , thoro wero ;'50, 000 'cavqhyiuc-n.. Thoariny sad(Uqs.-arb 'itio throhes'Uo£.;piltUA; .BCuriicanos in 'stirrups npo the qavalrymbh. - Np. wbndor Unit Miriiuii was .'ohiofly grateful' that tlio Egyptian 1 ; cavnlrymon,,: jjursuing; ;.'tlio Israo)it6a, to iiiidway i'n ;tlib,-.Reil fiea, 'worq uii; .saddlixl, - uiistirrupod,'.;/:-.' unhorsed.- 1 ivMiriam1 'iho'- ftdl foi-sb of h'or 'rigilf . blind Svlibii tihfl oiiind ' to), »thdttar,qf;.muqio.: -,!-Tlio.-horBbiiiud)hiSri'i'l®r; .huth-He 'thnivvn into, tho'soa, f?;V Alii; j'pyf ribii'ds,;; 'itiS'thembuntod; Tho lJttlqtoouUeswertoiipndurb.-.'l cliidor in tho: eyb,Hlib ;splintqi'. unsler .fliq.- .nail, . tl(o) fling, .tho in vidmuS'coiABl,irisoiis,.oytiiq-rijmii itlie".- bankruptcies, - the porseeuiaqnS,__ - thai appalling -' sieknesscs, (the ehargo upon ; us, v as - it- were, witli upliitod brtttlo-iixo or conaiuiiing ' thunderbolt of power. There are thoso among-' my libarora or readers who- have had a wliolo 1 roginaont of monnted disasters oharging upon - them. -. But fear ! not. Tho smallest horse-fly oiv the"ncck of Phoraoh's war charger, passing, betwoon tho crystal palisoides of th'o upheaved Red Sea, -was not moro easily drowned by the falling wutoi-s' than tho 60.,00Q;holmotcd and, plumed riders on the bnoks of tho SOflOO neigh ing and caparisoned war ohorgors. 'And I havo to toll you, Oh, ohild of God, that the Lord, who i&on; yoursidonow and for ovar, has at His disposal and under His Command, all waters, all , winds, all lightnings, all time, 'anjl' all pter- rrity. COmo, look mo in tlio faco while I uttor tho word God commands me to speak ' to you: "No weapon formed against youjehall' prosper." DonU wirow away your ttunbourmo. ' Yon will want it as sure as' you sit there aiid- I. .stand here, aiid-tho timo you will yotpiay on it whethor standing on' tho Beach of Timo or Boach. of Etornity, will he tho-tuno that Miriam . played whon sho cried : " Sing yo to- tho Lord, for Ho liotli triumphed glonpusly; the horso and .Iub ridor hath Ho thrown into tho- seq.'' I expcct jto have a good Iqugh- with -you in hoavan, for tho Biblo aays in Lake viC 21: " Blessed uro yo that woop now, for yo shall laugh." "Wo ' sbqll not spend all - etbrnity pstum'-singing, but somptamap, in-, review of tho past, as Christ says, . wo Shall hlllgh. Thoro.' is nothing wrong in . laughtor. It all depends , on what .you laugh-' at, and when you laugh, and hW yon hwghr , How often wo woricjonrsolvesiirto' a flight about' - nothing. The Red Soa before- may he degpand' the -Egyptian oavah-y behind us may bo<(well: mounted, "but if w.i) trust in'tho; Lord, wq wdl go . through no mora hurt by tho water- than whpn' in boyliood warolled our garments -to tho knob and barefoot erossod- tho meadowbrook 'on tlio- -old homostead. But loh( mo oiitiofqe Miriiun a littlo - for the instrumout of musio she 'employed in the divine - service on tho sandy beaoh,' "Why not take somo othor instrument?- I, The harp wgs ne aaored instrument, why did sho riot tako -UiatPv Tlio oymhnl was a saorod' instrument, \vhy did sho not toko that ? Tho tnraipot was a-.sacred instrumont, why did sho not tako that'? Amid , -that great host thoro "must havo -been 'musical instruments- more used in reli gious service. No. Slio took that whioli sho liked tho ' bestf and on which. she could best express hor gratalation over a nution'q-resoue, first .through tho rotreqt of tlio . waves of tho Red Sea, and them thrcjigli. tho dapping of tlfo hands of their destruction. So I withdraw my criticism of- Miriam. Let. evoryono tuko hor on his host- mode of diviuo worship and celobration. My idea of'heavon 'is that it is a plac'o whero wo„oan do as we - plcaso and havo everything wo want;' What a day it will be whon- wo stand on- tbo bench of heaven, and look book .on the'Rod.Sca, of this worldis .sin and trouble, and oolchrato-' tlio faotrthat wo liavq got through, .and got- ovpr. ' What a celobration it will bo-r-eur' roqurrcotod bodies standing on tho -bench,,; whose pebbles aro umotbyst and omoraM -mid agate and diamonds ! "What a talking/over old times-! What' a jubilee.! What an" oppor tunity to visit ! In. this world wo havo so littie time for that, I am looking, forward to etjrnal socialities. To be With God .and never sin against Him. To be., with Christ "and for ovor foel His love. To walk together in ' Tribes , of white wiih thoso with whom on earth, wo.; walked together in black raiment of mourning.- To gather np the ntemboiS of our scattered families and embrace them -with no em- ; harrassment, though all heaved -bo looking- -on. . My friends wo shaU- como at''"hist .npon thoso. of our loved oops who long ago halted in tbt>' journey of life. ' Thoy will ho as. fair' and., beautiful, yea, fairer mid moro toantifn! than; -when wo ported from thom.' It may bo ol(L- ago lodkmg upon, ohildhaod or youth. Oh, spy Ird, how we have mused them ; -separated for. 1-0 yeare, ot-30 years, or 60-yoars, but together" at tho.iiist. Together ut tho lastl Jqst'thinlt; of it-! "Will it not bo glorious.? Miridqi'a, song again appropriate, far death, riding out tlio palo horso, with Iris four hoofs on all our -; 'hearts, BlinU liavo heisn for -qvor discoflifitod. I seo thom now— tlio glorified! Assembled-, for a celebration mightier aqd moro jhbilnnt - thnn that on tha hanks of' tho Red Sea, qnd. from all lands and ugos, on beaoh of light above hedch of light, gallery above gallery,, and thrones abovo thrones, in oirclirig sweep of : ,ton thousand miles qf surrounding nnd -up heaved splendour ; while standing before thom : on "sea of glass mingled with fire, ' ' Miobaol, - tho urohnifKel. with swinging sceptre, boats-, timo for the multitudinous chorus, oryiiigj, "Sing! Siqg! Sing yo to the Loril for He hath triumpned gloriously, tho liorso and.his, rider hatii'Ho thrown into ilia seal" 