Miscellaneous Mail News. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — The Queen having commanded the Dauish artist, Professor Tuxen, to paint a picture of the ceremony at the wedding of the Duke of York, he is now in Copenhagen engaged upon the portraits of the King and Queen of Denmark and the Princess of Wales. The moment chosen for the representation is the pronouncing of the Benediction by the Archbishop, \- while the bridal couple are kneeling before the altar. There is a rumour that he 13-year-old Queen of Holland, the niece of the Duchess of Albany, has been betrothed.' Sir Horace Davey has been appointed Lord Justice of Apjeal, as successor to Lord Bowen. Princess Augusta of Bavaria, aged 19, fell in love with a young lieutenant. The match was unaccept able to the Royal parents, and in the hope that the ? Princess would overcome her pasBion the young officer was banished to a far- off garrison. The Princess, however, fell ill and pined, and her father has at la&t; been censtrained to consent to the union of the tvro lovers. The Marquis of Bute has sent £800 to the Seamen's Institute, Cardiff, in commemoration of his birthday. The Sultan of Zanzibar forwarded a lion and lioness, with a couple of cubs, as a present to the Queen. The animals, ou arriving iu London, were deposited in the Zoo. ' ? ? -Madame Antoinette Sterling told an interviewer that, although in New Zealand, hundreds of miles distant, when her husband .died in Adelaide, she distinctly saw him come into her room and tenderly embrace her. Some one declares that ghosts still haunt Hampton Court Palace. Doors, it is stated, open and shut to ghostly fingers, and some rooms resound to ghostly revelry in the email hours of the morning. These restless vagrant spirits are said to include two of Henry 'VIlL's wives—Jane Seymour and Anne Boleyn. r The report of the Royal Commission on the London -Water Supply records the opinion 'that within the watersheds of the Lea and Thames a supply equal to 35gal. per head daily for 12 million persons might be obtained without iniury to the districts outside of London. The London County Council, anxious to secure an additional supply for the metropolis, has been examining the watersheds of. Eist Kent. Al though there has been a six months' drought, a . plentiful flow ^of .pure water was discovered near Sandwich. Complaint is made that visitors to Stonehcnge are permitted to tamper with the Druidic stones. At Blackburn, twin sisters, who resided together, applied for votes as joint tenants of a dwelling-house. It was decided by the party agents that only one should have a vote, but then the question arose, Which was the elder? As no one, cot even the sisters themselves, could satisfactorily answer this question, it was decided by the Revising Barrister that both were entitled to a vote. At the sale qf- thesQueen's surplus Jersey cattle at -Windsor, the animals only fetched hail the usual price, owing to the scarcity of fodder. There is a proposal to secure Carlyle's London house, which is ialling into decay. - . ? \- Two applications for the Queen's bounty have been made within a week. In both cases the parents are poor, aud the six infants— three boys in one instance and three girls in the other — are alive and well. The London General Omnibus Company are re ducing the penny fares to one-half the distance. The conductors of pirate 'buses, seeing their opportunity, are running ' all the way ' for a penny. The fine summer has proved a rich harvest for omnibuses. A barrister end registrar of Croydon County Court was put into a wrong train at Crewe by a railway official, and found himself at Warrington. To obviate a delay of eight hours he took a special train to Chester, and sued the company for the cost, £4 8s. The Judge held that the circumstances did not j listify the employment of a special train, but gave the plaintiff two guineas and costs, holding that the railway company s servants had been guilty of negligence. One of the latest inventions is a choiroplast, a contrivance which imparts manual dexterity to musi cians and typewriters. A Cambridge professor reports the discovery of a hairwash recipe, which dates back 4000 b.c. It was formed by boiling the foot of a dog, the hoof of an ass, and the fruit of the date palm, and was intended for the use of the King's mother, the instructions being ' rub in.' A Bedford woman visited Landon to see about some property. During the return journey she fel asleep in the railway-carriage. ' On waking and: finding the train had passed the station, she jumped out, and, falling, both her feet were cut off. : Thunderstorms and torrential rains caused great loss of life in Spain. At Yillacauas, where the people live in cave dwellings, numbers of women and chil dren were drowned in their primitive abodes. The caves are cut out of the hillside, and consist of a kit chen and sleeping apartment. The recent cyclone in the We3t Indies caused 1000 deaths. A father was fined for removing his child from London to Gloucester while it was suffering from scarlatina. A Notts farmer was fined for shooting game on ? Sundays. An ancient Act forbids ' killing or taking game on Sunday or Christmas Day. ' A ruffian who barbarously treated two aged women near Cork was discovered in a cave, and, becoming desperate, had to be lassooed. Two women are charged in Bohemia with the wholesale murder of infants. The mothers, princi- ? pally of the domestic servant class, travelled long distances, and left their babies, it being well under stood that they were to be done away with. The charge was five florins. Dr. Falb, not content with his past failures as apro phet, now predicts that a terrible earthquake will occur on&unday; next in South-eastern Europe. The American President has received a State heir loom from the Sultan, in the form of a medal set with diamonds, in commemoration of the 400th anni versary of the discovery of America. A belt worn by the ex-Empres3 Eugenie just before the war of 1870 fetched 750f. at an auction sale in France. The World's Fair is expected to show a loss of ucarb three millions sterling. The firing of guns on Saturday, September 16,- pro claimed the Cherokee territory, Arkansas, free to the first comers. There was a mad scamper of. the 100,000 people who had assembled on the frontier. Some were on . horses, others in vehicles, many on bicycles, and multitudes on foot. In the rush several were killed. Within a few hours the land was taken possession of, and towns were staked put in every - direction. . A ' giants' burial-ground ' has been discovered in - Heligoland. . - Ploughing with dynamite fired by electricity is being resortedto in America. Holes are drilled two or three feet apart, and in the explosion the soil is loosened to the depth of a yard.' ? . ~ '. . A find of the gigantic bones of 70 extinct animals is . reported from Australia, including kangaroos nearly as large as elephants, and bats larger than donkeys. Mr. Coxeter, a cloth manufacturer, who has just died at Newbury, once won a £1000 wager 'by pro ducing a coat between sunrise and sunset, the, wool ' for which was growing on the' sheep's back, the same morning. . ' - _ The lost lineal descendant of Daniel Defoe, author of ' Robinson Crusoe,' is said to be an apprentice at sea. His father is an outdoor pauper at Chelms ford. It is told of Mr. Farnham, stationmaster of Take ley, who has just died, that, when the Princetjf Wales arrived at the station on a visit to Lord Brooke, he became separated from the rest of the party. Not .knowing the Prince, Mr. Farnham promptly de manded his ticket, and declined to allow him to pass the barrier unless he produced a ticket or furnished his name and address. The Prince, without disclos ing Tiis identity, explained that he belonged to Lord iirooke'e party. 