TWICE LOST. A TALE OF LOVE AND FORTUNE. BY RIGHARD DOWLING. CHAPTER XLV.— Tiie Stain ok Mciweu. Edith lmd sunk down from sudden re action, and when Jeatcrs raised her she beean to recover at once. " It was very stupid of mc," she said apolo getically. "I sat up late last night. My fiend felt a little giddy when I came out of vonr room, and now I think I must have tripped over the mat." " You are better'; You feel all right; let me get you a little wine," he said, leading her to a chair at tho landing window. " Oh, yes, thank you. I feel all right now. I will not have any wine, if you please. I am ashamed of myself. I suppose sitting up in the cold last night did mo 110 good ; but I feel myself again. "What is tho matter';" asked M rs. Orr, speaking at tho foot of the stairs. From where she stood she could not see the land ing, and she was not very nimble to mount. " Miss Orr has slipped down," answered Jeatcrs, coming to tho top of tho stairs. "I am all right, mother," cried Edith, from her scat by the lobby window. She did not yet feol sure enough of her strength to walk to the head of tile stairs. In her life she had never swooned, nor had her strength ever before faded be. in this way. She therefore over - estimated her weakness. " Will you hand this letter to Edith, if yoti please, Mr. Faucourt';" said Mrs. Orr, who, knowing nothing of the interview between Edith and Jeatcrs, or of the stumbling on tho landing, felt no uneasiness. He slipped down and took the letter from the widow with grave reluctance. It was rather hard that I10 slionld have to hand the other man's letters to her. "It will do her more good than wine or water, Mr. Fancourt. It is from the man she is engaged to, Mr. John Crane," said Mrs. Orr, as she backed into the shop and shut tho door. "If he did not know up to this, it were well he know at once that Edith was not a free maiden," she thought. Jeatcrs handed the letter to Edith with a gloomy air. fcjlio took it and smiled, and put it in Iier pocket, and after resting a few minutes, thanked Jcaters, and went up to her own room. The short winter day was drawing to a close. She sat down ill the window to rest awhile. As yet she did not feel equal to reading Jack's "letter. .She was still siiil'oring from faintness. All things had an insubstan tial and wavering look, as though stie looked at them through the rain-streaming windows of last night. All sounds seemed borne on a tremulous murmur ; the ground she walked on appeared to sway and siiift under her foot rs though the carpet was padded nnd loose. The things she touched had a far-away in substantial feel, as though her hands were half- numbed. Sitting in her old straw easy-chair she took the letter out of her pocket and dropped it on her lap. She was not for the moment :qual to making any effort. It was a blessed privilcgo to sit hero, in one's own room, in jne's own chair, and feel strength gradually creeping back into limb and vein. The afternoon grew darker and darker. The early winter night descended out of the heavy, grey sky upon tho grey river, and the flat, Essex shore beyond. Into the stagnant air rose from dwoliing-houses and factories pillars of brown smoke, which opened flowcr- liko at the top and spread in heavy layers nnd leaves along the low sky. In under the pall of darkness and cloud and smoke sud denly thrust tho sharp dots of yellow gas- flame, like the fiery heart of tho flash ill the cannon smoke, only here the flash remained fixed in the smoke, a burning jewel set in livid lead. Edith drew down the blind and lit her candle. Even yet she felt only half vital, as though half her breath had been stolen. She broke the seal. The letter was dated Balize, and ran: — " My own Edie, " From what they tell me here it may bo you will get this letter before one I wrote from San Pedro in Vera Paz, although it is nearly a fortnight since I left that unlucky place. " The mail arrangements there are not the best, and I had to leave the posting of my letter in other hands. So that 1 am not sure about it. All that occurred up to my writ ing the former letter I must allow that letter to tell. Most of what has befallen me since I must leave over to tell into your white ear, my own one. For tho present I will only say I have been more than a week lost in the primeval forest, and during that time I saw 110 man nor any creature but tree creatures— animals and birds and reptiles, which live among tho leaves high above like bats in a church. "The first human being I met upon emerging from the forest was an Eng lishman, a notorious brigand, who treated me very kindly, and amused mo by prophesying that wiien I got back to England 1 should find luy sweetheart married ! No wonder that prophet found little credit in his own country. But then lie did not know my Edie, aud he had suffered 3ad experience. His story must keep, too, until i can tell it botween'kisses. " But there ! there ! I am talkative with flie blue peter flying 011 the mail boat. I lave little time to cateli the post, which is veekly, and by this day week I shrill not bo ible to write, for I shall be on tire sea, bound rome to England and my love. " I succeeded in borrowing a little money lere, not enough to pay my passage, only a ,'ew pounds to buy clothes, for I was in rags. have signed articles as one of the orew in t.Ue barque Opal, of Hull, which sails for . Loudon to-morrow. Tire Opal was short of bands, and I explained my circumstances and offered to do anything I could, though how I am to be of much use I do not know. " My own darling Edie, when writing my former letter I was in despair, and said 1 would release you from your promise. Now I am full of hope, dear, for although I have had my jaunt liero for nothing, and have spent time and money, and nearly lost my , life for nothing, I do not mind all that now, since I am on my way to homo and you. This letter will reach you nearly as soon as tho other, for it goes by a quicker route. I have no doubt by which letter my darling girl will abide, tho former one in which 1 gave her freedom, or this ono in which I still give her freedom, but tell her that I would pledge my life that she would not dream of taking back her gift when she knows it is all the world to me, when she remembers that it was for her sweet sake I set out upon the expedition which lias cost me time and money, and all hut life, which I value as a feather compared with my Edie, my love, my dear, my life, iny soul. "I don't think I was entirely in love with my Edie until it seemed to 1110 1 had lost her. It was ill the loneliness of the forest that the full forco of inv lovo for you came upon me. It was when I believed my life was over, und I thought you, dearest, were gone from me for ever, your white hand and your round nook, and your sunny hair, and your bright flashing eyes, and your red sweet lips. It was when I thought of the kisses of those red lips, and tiic melting softness of your ex quisite form, that I rose up a new man, re solved to break through impossibilities to reach yoiir arms. " I do not bolievc I should have tho corn-- , age to speak to you, us I now speak, only that there are so many miles between us. Meditating 011 your wondrous loveliness lias made mo shy of your beauty, as a thing too . rare and lino for me. I was only an humble artificer, with sweet; ways of thinking about woman, when tho white wonder of your beauty broke upon 1110 in tho forest, and I became a poet and a hero. I could now swim the Hellespont for you, dearest, or lead the forlorn hope to your rescue. And to think, oh darling, to-morrow I shall bo 011 my way to you 1 To think that to-morrow every minute which goes by will bring 1110 nearer aud nearer to you ! To think that to-morrow shall have to wait only a few times of sun set and sunrise on the sea to ho 111 the Chan nel, in tho North Sea, in the Thames, under my love's window, in the room, in my love's wins ! Why, Edie, it is worth all this going away nnd long absence to feel this wild joy, love, of going back to you again. " The Opal anchor's higher up tho river than Fitrham, somewhere near the East India Dock. At the first moment I can leave tho ship I will row down to Furhaui. Eveu now, four or five thousand miles from M nseovy-place, I can fancy I am passing under it to the Furliam stairs, and that I see you at the window, and that I wave my hand to you and see your ustonishincnt, Unit a stranger man should make so bold ; for you will not recognise me. I am sure you could not recognise me even now. oil darling, when I think of that moment I have a mail de3ire to make tho ocean my Hellespont anil fling myself into the sea and strike out for home and you. "And even when I see how foolish and mad it i3 to say such a tiling, 1 go foolish and mad again with joy, as I think that in two months— perhaps six weeks — I shall row under your window and mount tiie Ftirhum stairs, and feol your white arms around mo and your breath 11110:1 my check ; shall kiss ' your lips, my heart s own Edie, the lips that ire awaiting me, the lips that are mine for Ivor, that never were for any man hut "Jack." As Edith read she felt her heart awake. Something new and intolerably rich welled jp in her bosom as though her blood were luddunly charged with suffocating sweetness, viiieh must he relieved ir. caresses of love 011 lie loved one. The vital fountains of her lature were infused with a new joy. The rapture of unselfish devotion was in her 'ems. The passion of love had awakened 111 he woman. " I would give myself," site cried, " to ho cut in little pieces for liirn. I would give my body, my soul for his sake." Suddenly she rose, and sotting tho candle ' on the table, on the spot wliero she had placed it last night, she said : — " Let mo see the look of welcome I should give my limn if I10 came now." She moved away and came hack and brought herself before tho mirror. She stood staring into it a while amazed. She saw iier own face exalted and transfigured by passion. She had never looked 011 anything so secret and august before. She could not believe such sublime potentialities were in hor being. " Is that the Edith Orr, she whispered, " wiio was staggered in hor mind by what she saw in this glass last night'; By what she saw when she looked welcome to romantic love? No, this is not tho same Edith Orr. The other was a girl waiting the approach of love : this is a woman filled with love once and for ever. Here is lovo complete; so triumphant there can no greater be. She turned away from the mirror, and taking up Crane'3 letter walked downstairs and knocked at Jcaters' door. " I think," she said, " considering your great kindness to us all in this matter, and tho splendid service you have done us, it is only fair you should know that in this letter I have just got from Mr. Crane lie says ho is to start next day 111 the 1 Opal ' lor London. Allowing for the time this letter took to come, that would bring him here in a mouth or so, as well as I am able to calculate. " Jeatcrs was taken aback and disconcerted, and anxious not to seem taken aback or dis concerted, he smiled and said, " Oil, indeed," then by way of showing a mind at ease, added, "a month behind his letter! Ho must ho coming by some long route." "Ho writes from Balize. He is coming home 111 a sailing ship." Then she withdrew, leaving him depressed and disorganised. There could ho 110 mis taking the significance of tho girl's visit. She wished to tell him the man to whom she had engaged herself was on his way home, and she wished that announcement to he un extinguisher 011 any hopes which might be kindling in his mind. He could not rest indoors. He went out. Ho wandered about for hours. As lie moved along in the light of the street lamps and shops lie thouglit with an ugly twinge of other long walks months ago, taken like this one, witli 110 aim but to kill thought. Then lie was goaded 011 by remorse, now he was toiling 011 slowiv, painfully, dejectedly in the funeral procession of his hopes. He had dared everything, had risked everything, for this superb girl's sake. Up to this hour fortune, or fate, or luck, or whatever else you call it, lmd favored him beyond his most eager hopes. This very day he made sure the girl cared for him, that, at least, her favorable regard was turned towards liiin. Bu t (in his mind, she was the heart and core of ail that was pure and good and honorable) now she would marry this grimy-handed mechanic when ho came back from his picturesque and romantic aud insane expedition. The cup of life, full to the brim of unspeakable happi ness, had been in his hands a few hours ago, hut envious spite had dashed it from his baud and left him alone without an ambition or a hope in a world of grey lights and miserable cold shadows ; in a world haunted by a deadly memory, a chili, clammy ghost. Worn out with long walking and wearying thoughts, Jcaters at last crawled back to Muscovy-plaee. All the lights of the house were out. 'Two o'clock had struck, and the neighborhood was as quiet as a graveyard. He let himself in with his latchkey, and with leaden feet stumbled upstairs iii tho dark. Ho turned up the gas of his sittingroom. He (lung himself into an easy chair before the dead fire. He had 110b energy enough to take off his sodden, heavy, muddy boots. He looked around for something to divert his thoughts, something to distract. No book or paper in view would serve. On the table lay a long Hat parcel, lie took it up and laid it across his knees wondering what it could be. Ho cut the string and opened it. Shirts. The shirts, 110 doubt, which had been sent to he marked. Yes, they were the shirts, there was the mark. Good Heavens 1 what a shock ! He jumped up and paced the room like one demented. For one frantic instant lie had read. "F. Jeatcrs," as the marking on the linen. I11 terror he looked again. The letters were " E. Fancourt." Why had lie made such a blunder? Oh, because these shirts were marked with wonderful neatness in gold silk, a kind of marking lie had never seen hut in Pollie's own clothes, in clothes marked by her for him, in the night gown she wore that awful liight months ago, when she sank for ever through that fatal trap, when — cover his eyes from it as lie might — his soul had taken the stain of murder ! CHATTER XLVI.— Tins Bill of an Even- in'o Pai-eu. For a iong time Jeatcrs mind had been proof against assaults of conscience in con nection with events at St. Vincent Place, lie had begun to flatter his soul that the appalling episodes of tho autumn were erased from his memory. But as trifles — a scent or a tune encountered unexpectedly — will recall unwelcome memories of the past, the sight of the gold silk markings 011 those shirts, in color and manlier ever so familiar, had brought hack all the circumstances of the odious tragedy in which lie hail taken the part of doing murderous nothing. Before lie went to lied that night he, suf fered what seemed to liiin annihilating agonies, hut the deepest depths of misery were reserved for liim ill sleep. In the in exorable realm of dreams it was his fate to pass that night confronting a vast panorama, poiirtraying with agonising minuteness the whole history of Pollie from the moment lie first met her till the moment when, impelled by the horrors ho had invented anu told her, she was drawn ill sleep towards that hideous trap and precipitated unawares into eternity, or, driven desperate by his neglect and unkiiidness, rose in sleepless misery and de liberately sought her end in tho foul Thames of hor terror, the .Thames which had swal lowed up her father's life. This visitation to Jcaters in dreams was purely pictorial. With impressive deliber- atcness the heartbreaking pieturo went on in gloom 1 und overwhelming solemnity. No word was spoken, no tone was heard. He sat in a great theatre, vaster than roof built by human hands ever spanned, and saw tho ghostly story defiling in tho impressive silence of a full, slow rivor. Once he took his eyes off tho vast indict ment and looked around the unfathomable auditorium, compared with which the amphi theatre of Vespasian were but a stinted vestibule. He was alone at tho awful exhi bition. So far as his heart was capable of pleasure this gave him joy. There was no one present to spell out this damning indict ment but himself. At last tho supreme moment came. The trap stood gaping wide, the fragile, feeble, white figure glided into the hull and ap proached the trap. By the trap stood him self, Frank Jcaters, looking on with an ex pression of hideous expectant joy. At t-lio other side of the trap rose a misty, cloudy figure, a figure which filled liim with quaking uneasiness, for it hud no pluco in the real scene. By the figure the sole witness of this terrible spectacle, J eaters was fascinated. Hud Lliere, unknown to him, been a witness'! Could it he there hud been, unknown to liim, a third character in that abhorrent scene? Tiie other pictures had moved 011. This one hud tho power of development, the power of action. Jeatcrs strained hi9 eyes, hut still could not make out this third unknown figure clearly. It was shadowy, as though sur rounded by an atmosphere of smoke ; wavy, as though moved by hot airs. All at once the piteous, white figure of Pollio shot down through the lethal trap. An odious gleam of triumph shone 011 tiie face of Frank Jcaters in the picture. At the same moment tho vagueness disappeared from the third, tho unknown, figure, and it stood, cloaked and hidden still, but yet familiar. I11 another instant tho cloak fell from1 the shoulders, und Mephistopheles stood revealed ! Jeatcrs tried to cry out, hut found lie was voiceless, like the awful spectacle itself. The evil spirit of the scene thrust his wand into the mouth of the open trap. When lie withdrew tho wanil it was dripping with blood ! VVitliasariloniesmile, Mephistopheles waved the wand through the air, and thrust it forward until it touched tho forehead of Jcaters in tile scene, and lo, 011 the forehead of Jeatcrs burned, indelibly, a red spot — u spot of blood— tho brand of Cain ! Jeatcrs woke. He was in a cold sweat. " A horrible nightmare," he consoled him self with thinking, but lie did not try to go to sleep again that night. He lit a candle and got a book anil read, or protended to himself I10 read, until it was time to get up. Witli a strong and confiding step Edith Orr moved about the house that day after getting the second letter from John Crane, and seeing the last revelation of the mirror. She was blithe and gay and debonair, as of old, hut with the weight of knowledge in her ways. Within the past twenty-four hours her mission in life had been clearly defined to her. She was destined to love John Crane witli ail iier heart and soul, to be his wife to love, honor, and obey him. 'What were tiie airs and graces of bowing and hat lifting, and modulated voice, mid clever speech, compared with adventuring into sullen depths of the forest, and climbing the inces sant uplift of the ocean, not to reach the animal woman you loved, but to gather guerdon for her, to take fruit from the guarded trees of the Hcsperidcs, ill order that they might bo fashioned into a diadem for his sweetheart's wear. And that was tiie mealiest and lowest way of looking at her love for Jack. (To be continued.) 