THE ROSE OF A SENSATIONAL STORY OF LOVE. AND CRIME. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., B.N., Author of " 2S9 R, the Story of a Double Life," "The Mystery of a Millionaire's Grave," &c.;, &c.; Chapter XIII.—Face to Face with the Awful Past. Nob only did Waliard believe himself to be a detective of the first water, but in talking to his especial friend, Lord , the impecu nious son of a noble house—he gave himself sill the airs of one. "Now, you will see," he would say, "that this will turn out precisely as I predict." To give him his due, it sometimes did, for the man really possessed a considerable know ledge of human nature, especially female human nature. But although on that evening when he turned his glasses upon Captain Gregory's box he looked mostly at Winnie herself and her beautiful young daughter, the husband did not escape his notice and study. "Soft," he remarked to himself, "a man that if I desire to I can twist round my finger or mould into any shape I choose." It was because he thought he had need of Gregory that he waa.now hieing northward to Lerwick. Most men, having found Winnie's address, would have turned up there and taken chance of Winning Rose's heart. Yes, it was poor Rose whom Wallacd now in tended to make his quarry. Talk of love at first sight, well, here was an instance of it. In one moment Waliard had trans ferred all the love—if real love can exist in the breast of such a man as this—which he once h-td borne for the mother to the daughter. She had all her mother's beauty, her mother's hair and eyes, and all her mother's winsome ways, and she was youDg, an opening bud, like a rose in its pristine bloom and color ere the sun has stolen its charming tints. What chance had he with so young and innocent a child as thi3 ? He did not hesitate to ask himself this question. You will hate him when I tell you he asked the question before his mirror. "Chance enough," he con ceitedly _ replied, smiling at his reflection. " There isn't a grey hair yet in those temples nor in that beard. There is not the ghost of a wrinkle around those eyes. I have lived a healthful life, nor have I ever frittered myself away. See how clear my eyes are, how smooth and white my brow. I know woman's heart thoroughly, and besides all—I have money, not to call it wealth." That was Wallard's verdict of himself. The Scottish Chieftain made a splendid passage to Lerwick, and almost the first ques tion Waliard asked when he had got on shore was, " Has the Arctic Queen come in yet?" "No," was the reply, "but she is expected here every day." " She won't stay here long, I suppose?" "Only a day," cried the landlord; then he, winked. "You see, sir," he added, by way of explaining his wink, " the skipper got married last fall and he'll crack on home to his wife, you may be sure. And they say she is a fuT, ship this time." And sure enough next afternoon the Arctio Queen Bailed into the great harbor or land looked salt water lake in front of the queer quaint town of Lerwick. Almost immediately after she had dropped and clewed sails boats were seen shoving off from the vessel filled with brawny Shetlanders with their bags and their boxes. Their friends were on the beach to await their coming, and such a scene of affectionate greeting, when they did land, Waliard had never witnessed before. Wives, sisters, and gray-haired mothers and fathers all struggled and fought for their boys' embraces, and the babble of strange tongues, the laughing and cheering were something to be heard and remembered for ever. Impelled by the arms of sturdy Scot3 there next came the captain's own whaler. Gregory looked grand, Waliard could not help thinking ; so. In evening dress he had been a failure, j but here in his suit of frock pilot and sailor's ' hat he was every inch a seaman and a man. He went straight towards the hotel, where \ he was met by many of his Shetland friends ■ and acquaintances, and every hand was l stretched out to grasp his.. "Bravo, the Arctic Queen." "Lull up again, Gregory?" "The luckiest ship that goes to the country." " The luckiest skipper too!" "Not a bit of it," put in the landlord, " Captain Thomas Gregory has a head upon his shoulders, that's it, neighbors. But I say skipper, whab-stay are you going to make ?" ■" Be off to-morrow, Mr. B." " Ah! bub you'll let the boys come on shore to enjoy themselves and buy some pretty mits for their sweethearts, you can't refuse them that surely, since you've been so lucky ?" "No, I suppose I mustn't," said Gregory, laughing. "There are lots of letters for you in the coffee-room." " Well, I'll go and get them. I hope all's well at home. By-bye, boys; see you all later on." Waliard in the background had been listen ing to this conversation. He now quietly followed Gregory into the room and took up a paper. The honest sailor read his letters from home and many a smde of joy stole over his coun tenance as he did so. "All well and happy," he said aloud at last. " lhank the Lord of Heaven for that." It was a very fervent ejaculation and ended with a sigh of intense relief. Then he looked round and noticed Waliard. "Why," he said, laughing, "I really thought I was all alone." " Never mind me, captain," said Waliard. "But permit me to congratulate you on the fact that your letters have given you plea sure." "Ah! yes, I'm in luck this voyage. So different from last. Waiter, bring me a little whisky and soda." " May I join you, sir, in a drink?" "You're very good, Mr.—a—" "Waliard is my name." "And I'm Tom Gregory — plain Tom Gregory." "Pleased to meet you, I'm sure." The two men shook hands with a certain degree of heartiness. "Now," said Waliard, when the drinks were brought, "is there anything I can tell you? Eor I suppose you haven't had news for many a day ; but let me say, tc begin with, that the Conservative Government is Etiil in power, that the grand old " Fiddlestick !" interrupted Gregory. "Well, the grand old fiddlestick is alive and hearty, that the Irish question remains un settled, and that we haven't come to war with Prance over Bgypt yet." "Bravo! Sir, I'm pleased to have met you." " And I to have met you, Captain Gregory. Will you dine with me here to-night? I dare say the viands we shall get will not rival those of Delmonico or the Cri., but say you accept and I'll give the order and try to stir the old folks up." "Oh, with pleasure, I'm sure." , "And," said Waliard, "I shall tell you all you want to know about our dear old country and you can give me informatioon about seal hunting, bear stalking, and all the wild sports of the far north." "That I can. I am an old ice-man and though I say it myself, what I don'b know about Greenland, north and west—well, isn'r worth making a note of. Are you fond ot sport. Mr. Waliard?" " Passionately so. In fact, Captain Gregory. I'm rather an idle fellow. I had the good or bad fortune some years ago to be left what is called a thumping legacy, and I then gave up sea-life as a profession." What! Do I speak to a brother sailor ?" " I have been a seafarer for many years, if not a sailor. Entered as a humble clerk and rose to be a humble purser." "You're a sailor and that's enough forme. Tip me your flipper again and excuse my broken English. You've been a seafarer. But how could you have given it up?" " Oh, I did not quite give up the sea. In faob, since this legacy was left me I have visited every land on earth whose shores are lapped by|blue water. And I'm not sure that I shan't take a passage next season in a sealer to Green land just for the sake of sport." "Well, look here, sir, you're a man of the world, I can see, and if you care to take a trip up north with your gun lot me know. My barque isn't big, but I'll make room for you." The dinner passed off to Willard's complete satisfaction, and bsfore Gregory and he parted for the night Waliard had secured a passage back to Scotland on board the Arctio Queen. This was precisely what he wanted. The winds were contrary at times and at times there was no wind at allj bo the voyage was quite a long one. Bub Waliard made himself the lifeVnd joy of the ship; he was soon beloved fore and aft. "How I should have been frettiDg and fuming now," said the good skipper, "if you had not been on board. I tell you what it is, Mr. Waliard, Providence must have sent you." " What a capital actor Ishould have made i" thought Waliard. But a fair wind came at last and the good barque spread her wings and flew before it. "I dare say," said Waliard on the last morn ing, " there are plenty of trains'South''" "Look here, Mr. Waliard, if you taik about running off south for two or three weeks to come I shall make you strict prisoner in my bungalow and clap a sentry at your door armed with a harpoon gun." Waliard laughed "Don't forget," he said, " that you have a wife to please. Ladies don't love me, Gregory." a. "Come, come," said the innocent skippaj^ ■ g'that'a past a joke. You don't ki /Winnie?' "Don't I, though," thought Wallard. ; She'll weloome you for my sake." She's welcomed me for my own ere now," ? Wallard said to his heart. ' " And little Rose—the Rose of Allandale. gVby, bother me, I hadn't thought of her. Wothing more unlikely than that you should fall in love with her and she with you. Ha, »a, ha. Just my. joke, Wallard. However, Jiome you come with me, and we'll have some Yun, you bet." > Winnie was among the first to come on Aboard. She rushed into her husband's arms. jBhe was in tears with - very joy. Then came .Rose and fondled her steofather, not less ear nestly if a little more shyly. " Oh, by the way, Winnie, at Lerwick I gob ' acquainted with such a dear good handsome \Sellow, a Bailor,- too. I want him to stay for a Jew weeks with us. I know you'll welcome him for your husband's sake. And you must sing io him sometimes, Rose. My eyes, darling, iiow bonnie you look. Gome and kiss your daddy once again. Rut where on earth has Wallard disappeared to? Below is he, .Bteward? How pale you are, Winnie? No 'fainting fit again, I hope ?" Winnie Btaggard a little and would have fallen but for Wallard himself, who, on his name being mentioned, rushed up the com panion. , And now he held Winnie in his arms, Winnie fainting, prostrate. He rejoioing triumphant. ; It was a strange situation. Melo-dramatic in a measure, though it had been none of Wallard's seeking and certainly nob what he ' had expected. But here was the poor writhing victim powerless, as it were, in the talons of the merei less persecutor. His hated breach was on her brow, his face was close to hers, while Gregory, distracted, bad hurried away to fetch water. "Dissemble .a Jittle," whispered Wallard. ' You must. He knows nothing, positively .nothing." " Leave "me now," she gasped. She sat in a deck ohair, erect but pale. Rose In tears was kneeling at her feet. Wallard, with folded arms, himself a little pale, now stood behind the chair, his eyes rivetted in ill disguised admiration upon Rose's upturned .' face. Back bustled Gregory, and in a few minutes Winnie smiled and seemed her own happy self again. Seemed? Yes, she wa3-dissembling. Sbe must, as Wallard had said. Goa give her strength. Sbe-jwas face to face once more with the awful past; (To be continued.) 