fHE GREAT ICS WORLD- STOSY OP TBAVEIIS AND AD- VENTURES IN THE LAND OP THE NORTH WIND. BY J. PETBIE O'BYBNE. (Dublin Freeman.) Ho for the Pole Star! This is the golden age of travels abroad, and, according to the old proverb," when a man has travelled he mast have something new to tell." In our day we cross seas and continents—formerly thought lying at the back of the moon—and make a tour round the world; without making, any fuBS about it. Humanity everywhere is like an a&By; on tho march in search of new worlds to conquer and subdue; yet, with all our marching and countermarching up and down the globe, there are still great things to achieve; for every - man- jvho h&R; the head to plan and the .courage to win renown the . world is Still but half explored, and the darfe spaces in our ft&pg; tell us of Worlds still waiting to be filled np with moving light; The farthest North Pole and the still farther South Pole remain to be discovered, and fitill .beckon the enthusiasts and great hearts to do and dare. In this righteous 9'auBe there is something for every man to do, though in the attempts which have been made to penetrate the realm of the Ice King and explore its secrets, in dauntlesB courage, stern devotion to duty, and skilful seamanship, the Arctic Voyages have not been surpassed, and h6ld the highest place in maritime adventure. Prom my earliest years there was implanted in my nature an ardent desire of seeing strange and foreign countries, but I little thought that it would have fallen to my lot to travel in the polar world and penetrate its wild recesses by paths beset with toils and dangers, hardships and sufferings, which, now as I think upon my wanderings, fill my mind with recollections of no ordinary kind. But Heaven from all creatures hides the book of fate. It is now but five years since I left my native Ireland, and during that period of time I have sailed by unknown oodsts, and heard the breakers of the deep unknown North ocean, and the Voices of the North wind, where no human foot had ever trod. I was an Enthusiast, and, as my best friends tell fte, "always a dreamer," for I saw visions and dreamed dreams, and had ideas on many things which were peculiarly my own. There is in my character, perhaps, Something of the visionary and the transcendentalism Be it so. Hallucinations may haunt the peasant BO less than the king. There are, howaver, times when the unknown reveals itself in a mysterious way to the spirit of man. A sudden rent in the veil of darkness will make manifest things hitherto unseen, and then close again upon the my steries within. Such visions often convert a poor camel- driver into a Mahomet, a peasant girl attending her goats into a Joan of Arc, the student into a seer, and the poet into a prophet. Dreams of the discovery or a new frotid open up the illimitable domain of the possible—teeming with yet other beings R,nd thus some phantom creation IMoends or descends to walk beside us in the dim of twilight, impelling us to act tbe part of a Columbus, a Humboldt, or k Livingstone. "Go hither/' said the spirit to me, u the tilings to which men gave the name tf dreams Me, in troth, only realities, invisible to those who walk about the daylight world. Go up north, and tiring home what may be useful and beneficial to thy country, and thyself in particular 1" Surely the soul is the reality of our existence. The vulgar error is to mistake the outward husk for the living spirit. It was ihy tool that prompted me to voyage otto seas in quest of—what P Not of novelty, or of pleasure, but in pursuit of knowledge. . Though a thousand and one knightserrant—the Greathearta of the worldhave gone in search of unknown worlds and undiscovered soals said to exist at the North Pole, only to return baffled. Hie aea is still full of Robinson Crusoes, Oaptain Cooks, and Christopher Colum- ^Probably I am the fint Irish traveller, enthralled by the spell of Northern Tomanoe and the magic of the strange aod eventful history of the people we call Danes, who. in the character pure and simple of an independent explorer, without much means or worldly advantaged, set forth, on one of the most adventurous and daring Polar voyages of the century. Like one of those mariners of old on a voyage of discovery, as my travels expanded new lands and seas were continually coming into view; and as the marvels and wonders of the Arctic Regions unfolded themselves to my enraptured vision, I felt I had undertaken a journey of much danger and difficulty. Carried away by enthusiasm (aid what would be the world without its enthusiasts, its Greatheart, its knightserrant P) my voyages took me into the world of the unknown, the mighty undiscovered realms of the Ice Queen. The lines Of the old Dutch ballad, written 300 years ago, hold good to-day, for at Her feet the frozen ooean—round her head tbe auroral lights, Through cycles chill and changeless, of six months—days and nights, In her bride veil fringed with icioles—and of the snowdrift spun— Sits the White Lady of the Pole—still waiting to be won. Adieu, Old Ireland! I love you well! Adieu, old Dablin, too! whether thou prefer to be titled Eblanft, Ath-Cliath, City of Hurdles, Naples of the West, or dear, dirty Dublin—foul, fuliginous, and over-familiar as it may seem to the distinguished foreigner to our shores— farewell! My bark is on the shore—and my boat is on the sea, For the far North, under tbe Pole Star itself, So full of marvellous grandeur and mystery. Then go ahead, Captain Friithof, bound from Dublin to Denmark. "" ship which lay at anchoi Wall quay—hertoame tS —waB making her rotury^voyage^ after delivering a cargo bf*' longed to voyage over tiy£N.ortfiei the watery way of tl these fierce but hardyN^tfiwgk J down upon our coast in tn8w • Without chart, quadrant, or compass. I never look at the mouth of the Liffey without thinking of them as still haunting the scene, or at Howth Without picturing their great fleet in my mind's eye, as it lay embosomed in the waters of Dublin Bay that Good Friday morning in the year 1014, when the Celt and Dane battled, fought, and died on the glorious field of Clontarf. It is with a feeling of vague sadness we look back at the scene we have left, perhaps for ever, and think how little we are missed from the city we leave behind. How well it can do without us. What a little place we filled in it. But no matter. If the world did without Julius Cesar, Napoleon, and Wellington, it can do without us, for a time at least. Is not the Arctic before us in all its glory P And are not the icebergs awaiting us with all their weird phantasmagoria of Bhape and colour P Are not tne Danes, the Norsemen, and the dwellers in the ice mountains to be interviewed, the ice fields to be traversed, the snow wilderness that no mortal foot has ever trod, the snow-capped peakB of the frozen paradise mortal eye has never yet behela, awaiting us P " Yo-hey, yo!" The deck of a sailing vessel is a grand observatory. As tbe winds of heaven played upon our brows w6 often felt as if we had taken several bottles of champagne, so intoxicating was the air. There are times on board sbip when men in this world are in paradise—when we look over the expanse of waters, and are left with only a recollection and a remembrance. To all else, except the lovers of the tea, the true lovers of nature who can appreciate and experience these sensations—to those without the charmed circle, below the gangway, as it were, whioh leads into this fairy land, these expressions will seem exaggerated. They are in reality the opposite. We patted away from sight of land. Fight, dark night, was approaching. Tbe good ship plonghs her way. Lights flashed in all directions. Vessels were moving to and fro—some going to their moorings, others seaward-bound like ourselves. Voices wen heard on the deep— those peculiar voices and intonations one hears on board ahip only. Over all was spread the dark canopy of night, enshrouding all with a sense of myatony, a weird atmosphere so exciting to the imagination. Light* gleamed and flashed through theahip's scuttles. If I shivered it was art witn fear, but with a feeling I cannot describe. The good old craft will cany over the Irish pilgrim. The gallant ship launched out to sea.. The bold cliffs and headlands of the Hebrides appear, and we declared that nothing so lovely in ocean life had ever been seen. We thought of the exilfed Cameron, who, when compelled to bid adieiu to his vtild fastnesses and seek refuge in a foreign country, wrote the historic lines, which may be recalled, of his adieu— To his hills—that rose in view, As o'er the deep his galley bore, He often looked and sighed " adieu 1" We'll never see Lochbaber more. The Hebrides, are enchanted islands. Here Dr. Johnson sailed in his little vessel for the lonely island of Iona. Through these fairy isles St. Columba sailed in his coracle to convert the Picts and Scots. Visions of Sir Walter Scott's "Lochiel's Warning," "St. Clair," and " The Lord of the IBIBS " seem to haunt this region still. The good ship ploughs her way. The lighthouse on the Orkney Islands flashed its revolving beams of white light as our good ship launched oat into the deep of the North Sea. For a day and a night the wind blew and the sea broke in great waves. It was a grand sight on which we gazed. The wind shrieked and whistled through the rigging of the vessel. The moon, bright and silvery, rode ^majestically in the heavens. Clouds chased each other across the skv. Far as the eye could reach stretched the wide waters of the North Sea. The sea always makes the same noise. You may say it thunders, roars, moans, and murmurs. You can never mistake anything else for it. You cannot imitate it. It speaks a language of its own—a solemn, mighty language. Treacherous in calm and terrible in ;orm. Indeed, so impressive is the •th Sea in all its aspects that the \ prosaic, the hardest-headed PhilisinM, |When speaking of the sea, is well- * fa certain to concede this gift to the Anuring surge. in due time, after three days and nights' sailing, we found ourselves off the coast of Jutland. Visions of the Dane and his country set us thinking. The Vikings of old seem to haunt the Irish traveller, and our thoughts rise at once to the romance and story of the past. But we had no time for reflection. "Go, tell our invaders, the Danes," sings the Irish national bard, " 'tis better to bleed for an age at the shrine of liberty than sleep for a moment in chains." We have now no quarrels to settle with the hardy Northern—sympathy unites the nations —all hearts and hands. Rounding the Cattegatt, the interior of a wrecked ship presented a mournful aspect. Traces of a great straggle were everywhere visible. There were plainly to be seen the frightful ravages of the sea and wind. The action of the tempest resembles the violence of a band of pirates. Nothing is more like the victim of a criminal outrage than a wrecked Bhip violated and stripped by those terrible accomplices — the storm-cloud, the thunder, the rain, the squall, the waves, and the breakers. Everywhere around were the marks of their rage. No wild beast can compare with the sea for mangling its prey. The north wind bites, the billows devour, the waves are like hungry jaws. The mind of man is invincible, but the elements baffle him. He can do nothing against the power which is everywhere, and which none can bind. At times the ahip creaked, strained, and groaned, as if she were a living thing. Seamanship is a grand and noble accomplishment. Vessels moved to and fro over the North Sea—the surging, moaning, murmuring North Sea. The wild clang of the sea birds heightened the effect of the scene. Presently specks on the horizon dance on the wave-crested foam. The tailors say that they are the low-lying hills of Jutland. Visions of the Danes of old in their galleys seem to float on the waters, bound westward in search of plunder and conquest in Ireland. " Go ahead, captain I Land 1 land!" As the traveller approaches Copenhagen he experiences an agreeable sensation, for, however great the pleasure may be which he derives from the contemplation of the tea, its rocki and its islands, the sight of a strange city fills him with anticipated joys. Ithought as our ship scudded over the waters of die Sound and the Skageer Rack that I waa in anew world; and really the city of the Dane is as beautiful, as full of life, of sights, and scenes as .Dublin city. I scarcely know a pleaaanter hour than that which the traveller spends in •trolling for the fint time through tbe streets of a capital city like Copenhagen. He sallies forth in the disposition to be pleased and amused. He has, to use a familiar expression, all his eyes about him, and never fails to extract from surrounding objects that essence which is yielded according to the disposition i Which objects are viewed: In this happy frame of mind, after depositing my portmanteau in safe keeping, I made a tour of the city. Copenhagen is one of the handsomest capitals in Europe. It is a city of palaces, the seat of Government, as well as the residence of every individual of any consequence in the, Danish dominions. That English hero-god, Horatio Nelson, cruelly bombarded the city, and which is yet spoken of in Copenhagen, not only as a grossly unjust, but cowardly performance. The bulk of the inhabitants of Denmark are in comfortable circumstances. The middle ranks dress well—the ladies somewhat gaudily. In the museum I handled the old battle-axes, spears, and short swords which the Danes fought my ancestors with on many a gory field in Green Erin. Before I left Denmark I travelled to Elsinore to see Hamlet's grave. There seems to be a very ancient connection between Denmark and Ireland. Students of Shakspeare will recollect the scene between Horatio and Hamlet in that sublime tragedy play— Horatio—There is no offenoe, my lord. Hamlet—Tes, by St. Patrick, but there is, Horatio, And much offence, too. I did not sfee Hamlet's ghost. The Danes fought their battles in Ireland, invoking the names of St. Patrick, St. Brigid, and St. Columbkille ! I saw many fields of potatoes, hemp, and tobacco. The principal flocks were sheep, cattle, and horses. Tbe island of Zealand is as fertile as any land in the best parts of Ireland, and the climate is quite equal in mildness to that of England or Ireland in summer. The forest of Dwyehave is the largest deer park in the world. The Phoenix Park is but a small field in comparison. The round tower is a curious structure of Copenhagen. It stands 115 feet high. Peter the Great ascended it. Tycho Brahe, the famous astronomer, used it as an observatory. Denmark, though very much smaller than Ireland, and with a population of only two millions, now exports live stock, butter, eggs, bacon, etc., to the amount of £5,000,000 in excess of her imports. The Danes, owing to peasant proprietary, have again invaded the British Isles, and are beating the home agriculturists out of their own markets. Labour representatives now sit in the Folkthing, or House of Commons; and the flag of freedom floats over the Dane and his country. I found during my stay in Denmark that it is no small thing for a traveller to belong to a nation of recognised antiquity like Ireland. In my case I was treated with every mark of respect, and wherever I travelled I was laid hold of and filled to the brim, like a jug, with new and valuable information, in the hope that I would write a book. (To be continued.) Sm JOHN THOMPSON, who has accepted the task of forming a Ministry in Canada, is the son of an Irish Protestant. Some years ago Sir John became a Catholic.- He is tbe first Catholic who has ever been Premier of Canada. TH* Ritualists of Brooklyn, U.S., have been distinguishing themselves recently by going through tbe form of High Mass in one of their churches, with celebrant, deacon, and sab-deacon. We quite agree with an American contemporary that there was something unspeakably menrnfnl in this parody ot a molt sacred Catholic rite. It was a profanation of the holiest act of Catholie worship. ORE of the anecdotes tola in Mr. Lney'S " Diary of tbe Salisbury Parliament" baa reference to the half-crown which Lord Leveson (now Lord OranviUe) "swallowed among other delioacies at Christmas whiltt M I K M I apon an amateur conjuring pertomanoe. He was," says Mr. Lncy,"not a penny, mnoh lens half a crown, tbe worse for the adventure. 'He has gained lllb.' said Lord Granville to a youthful colleiflue on tbe front bench, who waa inauirW after Lord Lemon's health. •Ah,' said the witty peer,' that makes £11 j, 5d.> •• Another anecdote is from the •tore of Sir Wilfrid Lowson, whom it personally concerns. Sir Wilfrid was romping one day in tbe boose ot a friend with a little boy, to whom he said," Well, my boy, we have been gnat friends; but it's odd we ware never introduced. I don't know what •our name is, and I am sure yon have not the slightest idsa who I am." "Oh, je»," Mid tEe tmall boy, *• I know vary well. Ton are the celebrated drunkard." 