A MYS"TERY SOLVED. DETECTIVE STORY. I3y SECTUOEL \---+--- CIIAP'TER I. Great heavens, boys I I jol : saw a dce:1 r.ngel !" "A.\ what" cao tlloc enqeuiry, il a clhoruc, frotm a dozen:o lro:le'o.faced and mnocllar youngn,, genttlome , as they crowded round tile firt "A defle angr l 1" " Where and when I" "I:i.;ht there, I,?otiog past on the title;" Aulid the illllndom youth poin-:ted over the quarter-rail of the yacht into the water. "A beautiful girl, eh? Why how could you tell, old romancer, whelther it wal the body of a beautiful girl or of litne one of mtorlnotr ylarS, who may have toLnolhed over from someO one of the pIerr.sh" Dash Kina.lto:'.s face wan ans p0llo an that of a cerpse, noa he replied, in anl earno.t and olaenn mauner-very ncmha'racteriStio of Ilis usual hilarious cnarelt'loneas "I saw the face ditinctlly, and, the fact is, I wan No onraptoued by its tutrtliu boaunty that, in my hoa ,'ildernent, I mI du no ea lo'rt to rescue the lovely corllpc.fron tte, water." "Well, see here," exclaimed l on f thloe ?ltyl, nalno:et Ilomrway," Let's loue'r the boat antd captuore t at dead beauty. We oolai, who Ipride onrsclvoo on oar devotion to living beuntlen, ashoeldlot allowo a hlo\ely corpse to float awny on thle swelling tide, a dainty meal ,....4or tile pondnrous manws of .nIinle veraciolus shark." "No, no I lot it inoat away tosen," said DHash Kingston, as ho drew hinslaiply hand across lohis ace. "Let it flott away to seat it is enougll to lie hIlaunted by its memolnry, witllonut gazing on the cohl, beautiful thing again," ho nrdded. The place whoer the convor:antion alove ren cordelod occrred was ;ni tle deck of a trili little yacot, whlicl rodi at anchor oel ltoso Iay, Sydnoy tIarlbour ; ando the lpealoer.t worn mlonlboera ofl its nma:teo r crew, who had il:;,t brLought tlheir craft to anchor after a week'd cruotne 0p 0he coaot. It w'a- a Ilvo.ev e'eing, otonaolt ah ooor ie. fore sontst, whenl IDash l King to, , onl of the party, was leanlng iover the ,iqunarter-rail, eand was dreamily lootking ldown into the deep bluoewater, nover whioh tlhuhed a filory glito. nieor of gold fromo tihe departing rays of the sotll, when suddenly lie was startlll by seetig an bcJtl t Iloating along towards hint on the obt tide. (aoe oment later, and it vwas gliding directly beneath his igate, when a itLrango, sharp pain lierced olhis heart, as eto recogniaed that thou corpso wall that of a beautiful young girl. So hiowidtred was he, that hoe stood likn one transfixed, while tlhe startling vision drifted by aot disalppearoed frono siglt. It ans theiot thot, suddelly 're~clled to hiln Reol, tte ttereithe exc lnatiionwith wlhi, we 0ol0L 0000r arravotive. ])ash Kiirgoteon was a well- madl, haldsomlo yeomtl of twenty-two. Iis fatler' had boon mon of tIa wealtloioat merchants ill tlhe city, anl the nitly sotl of the millionaire lald been educated to expoet one of the largest fortunes over herqlonthed to an Ausiraltiainu. Hle gradultedl t a foroglln scthooll, ano th oue slpnt two years ill travel, and oreltirneld hoime at thoe ago of twenty-four, to find himself r.n orphal ailld loi nllo.lts. rMioing sOleulntiont had albsorlbed the orich noerchant't wealth, anld in l io of alln itlmnlcnle Landled estate and a heavy hanking account, at his death Ihe left his son a numbler of com-n. paratively worthloess scrip and his blessing Oljl?s, lhowever, was. ' not on. to imurmur and colnplan0. .. lo toad l it health, n gool education, and the holritgo of an uonstninl nameo , andl lo f"'.t capable of tighting ihe bat:tle of life no-. cessfully. Although comparatively poor, ho was none tile loss popular with his formenr cnlnlanlionn, anlld the tnn born of invitations to yachtnllg ex cursiolls and other lporting antlsenwt'ons that he received really seriously interferedl with hIls Inadablo desire to establilsh hinetlf ill his cllo sell professiont There were few inoen lilo Dash Kingston, Inwe.ovr. Ito was0 na ntural-born hIero. Itnonlsonlo in opersoln, generollus nld brave, and all adept at all Innolly exorceiss. A thorough sailor atill yaclhtinan, a Itpower. fool oarn'itn, a slilful boxer nid wrestler, a dead shot willt elither Ilidol or rille, and witfl all, ta nvhool soteled, unlaly, dareadevil yonlll- a gotodl friendol, and a brave nld lllmagnalnimous enemy. Whlen I fenilwoy, one of his colpanvion, flrnt snggested the r'oovery of tilhe body, I)ash otb. jccted,ns relatled,lot after ta Iotomonltt'1l tllotoht I ohe exclaitued t " What a coward IT havoe scddnly become afraidl of a dead girl ! No, no-nooeveo' ! Lower awny theo bout Ithre, Iboys; who I nwllllS but that our own hodies may tl?al litlessu with theo tido le sen day." A word of comnmaondl from Dash Kingston was sufllcient, an:l I feow iim tes later ta ioat vwas lowered, amld oaoh atod twoo, of hiso yolng frietlds l caped into it and Ipulled awany with the ttle to Reek for tie beautiful cono'pc. 'Probably Ialf an houllr tia!l passed incn tlho trot oliieovery of the floi:?ting Iody, until tie three young e0ale wetre in the boat and lpallud away if srearchl of it. "It is achance if we find it,"nild ITcmnway, ''hn was sitting inl the prow on the outlook. "'Well, gon easy nw; 0 shy hor a little to tho leftll I coO sniomnething ahoead,." I lashl, vlwhlo was at the oars, did o:s Ilir?cted?, while I iImwayt 'od forw'ard n salltrniatxl hi eyes int the thtckening huldows of twilight upon the object that had attracted hlin attLn tion. "Bly Jove, boys, it is a body; but I'll be hanged if I don't believeo that it i tthe bodoy of a man. The river mustal be strewed \rith luad ioeoplo. Steady, now, steady; a little mlore to the leoft," conLtined ltonwaoy,annd lhe eantoed forwnal to eoe the object, whichI lild disal' plcarod for a tononnt ill tloe hlollov betto oton tllu Skilfolly Dash grulldedl tlhe boat a Iloe was direooted, A moment Iltheoy wera liftod upon thle crenst of a swevoll, tiatn swiftly they lshot deown, ntld tho boat thtunpcd loavily agailst at Illoating ob ject. " By tlnder I" oxclinhod I[etonay, in a huosky voice, " loere it Is; it is a wolan'slaftor ell." a oash drew iln hh ears, and his froiend guidled the fliathig body Ioesidu the htat. It wis not qullito darlt yet, nlldt lounling over, llo glnncedo at iloi dark obljuet, hlelo hIuo ex. cnlaood I "01 is a niale, rcrtlit, bot it loas a Iblacke dross on I o the blueuytl corpse wasn clotloedi ii white." "Thenlcthis ln not tlhe body you saw?"o' "Noe" "T'll is a h go, toys," remaredl Ton 1ardly, thIe thlrd yollth ill the Iboat. "0 Viont are We0 gotlg to do atoutit Ill" nototsked the praotlical Itoonway; t"w cannoot cast it nadrift." SI'll be lihot if we can tako it lot tio thboat, " alol Toon Ifardy., " VO Itlol Ihld lthe otler otea," saold 1)ash K]lhtnto?n., "J'erlhanp sl thie two wonlo woro in thle honat tegotleor, anld wers lipSUt setlllOwilure p ltltie river." "0 tnlootls, see titot 1" lhlottloly oxclalmodl I TOlml lnoly, an Iu leaneo d forward nnd tootk loeor survey Of tlhe blalk- robod corpse, nladd.l I 0 'bis Illns boooll a inltrdlor " ard he Ilolotedl I Inward thoe dnead wotlnans toomle, wnhereto a p' Iht wousud wol viloll, tlhe wholoi ablh of lthe I hrolelnd lbilng elatterd tas tionlgll by a blowI' frolll i a bllulgoonh '-Dhn tlrou ycu'lllltg m00 lobohod gloant at t?tle 1 etarifol tillt i soloence for n aotn0oont, whotuo itlmwny said ta 0 'dy oeolnolo Is that wre had ibetter crast thtl ohooct ndlIft, nstl 1 b11 loack Un thoe yclht." 0" We' onlo to' It ashnllro nttd fantell it to olle of the IoUus, whyro it, w11i bu [uund.t theli morning; wo can do no more," said 1ash 'Twiligit had deopened into night, Ibt tho. red sunliighlt had Ion sic:oidead by a round,full moon, which shone oer the city beyond like a great ball lif silver, and flashed a silver sheen over the dark waters. Terrible and lghastly did the face of the d?ad woa:nn: appear it 'or u the shadowy gleam of thle nm:iaoliglt; adw, an tin the thr young memn lo1,:d 1 upon thl whlito I:. ldoatnot feto ture., each fIlt a cold chill curdling around hlis heart. ': FSten lth rop rop ound your prizo," sald Inl'rd:,, "ad wel ll get tihrou.ii with tlio fir.l ghailly job." ' llou.v:o-y did as diracteo, nnd tihe ltlA:-i rolnbl Pfigre wa towed round to thi stern of tIlr boat. The loat was nnw v oiaw'ldd toward Wnolon. imnola 11:%y, and Diih King.,toun rowe, with a t:m;ran reggularity, as thoagh at a floating funtral. In tn hour tmhy arrived at thia wharf, whcn )Dahl saidl, io a Iti:usky whisper: "Fa. tenl it to ono of tLi pilhn; quick, I[em. way, we are liable to bu discovered at any mlo Ithoint." A-itked by Toim Hardy, I[omway soon iucceodml in f.stening thie liroiy, attaclh by tile rope, ti ao of 1n pIil(,, when lie saild : "Now, lthlon, Daklh, pull out eaily; ail I I right." Dialh fnll to his oiar., anl had iust licceeol?d in Iplli:r out from under the pier, wlhn mli-. tionly, from thie ,ock over their heads, came tlio iluliry, in a gruIff voeo " tlold i who goi there"o "It's ai ' cop,' Dali," said hIoinway " Pull for vour life, now, lHub." CHIAPTER II. Tih threo young nmn in tle boat cnrol losa for actual ladveintri tlan tr.iy did for tihe ghiastly worki in which they had heoni niaged, and wlhen llOtomwaynexlailii:d, "Let tier go it's a 'cop,'" D.ih laid to i hliii ar.4, al tlihe boat dhot o(t from ulnder tihe pior like i roso boat. "Tny to I" oaid tile un01 griff voice ( rom tlie dock. "(i hang ynnnirlf !" calledl iac Tiom ]arly, whlo wam a iccldlej, tartodevil sort of a chalip. 'i'l:o nswro to hlli polito inviltnion woas 1 " l.y lller ! the wr'tchl takn usi for river lthilev," nohlrimne, litmway, a 1ue dodgeld n ialll thatl whim d over his nliad, ]hulig ! hang I coian several other shotn in quich suiccesioii, lt I)alh Kinguston's strong ronwing had carried them beyoid l'.tol-Blhot raigI. " Am I lhealing for tim ylchlt, boys ?" aliked j)aSh. "Ye,, all right, m?y hearty. Don't I see iher light dippling toward l'ii river as thouliih it wvltuil huiry i:itlf in a iist of silver siprnay sahi 1 liniway. " Are you giing lo giveo ti yolir search for tho blhto. yed dnad ingel?" i'sked Tom.i. " I shall iint continuo mny siearch just at liro sent." Anil witlihit anllthr word uDal ]iingsto: pulllnel straighlt Itward the yacht Susic. Onc nalonigsldo, his two conmpanions hapied abonii'd, whille liho re'lliailied iii the 11at. " Are yoln not C.llinig aiboard, Dslh '" aslkeod Hlciinwvay. " Not at present. Send Yanlko to ino." " All right," waq tlie allnerr, nand in a few iiomnint a bln cl; i ftace iirtrllded lover thlin ido of ltin yiacht, 1an1 it cilllne:uredl iiownr asi.,i d " Yini ant mo, Missa Kingston ?" "Yo, Yilll;o; I anl going a-hlore, nmil cauit you to coinm auloig v.illth e to bring the boat bad:." "All right, sah," replied tile llnck, nnd Ie leaped over tl qcuarter-rail of tliu yacht into tlil bont. At thli monont Tom Hardy camn to the rail and cniltd oult: "' Wlhro are you onf to, D.ash I "Ashoro," was the roply,nnd tlhe boat glided away from tlln side of till yacht. "I'll ibe laniiged if I don't think that Dash IKingston iha lost his lselno ; he i s gilingo lf on a night excuirlon all alonll to fish for that blht. eyed bleaity that lhe imainagilles hi saw floating ly hero a s plll ago," imiiittered Tomn, 110 ho ltrned away nld joined lion or two of tle crow seated by thel cabin door. Iln tlo ineantilmll Dal Kingston had rowed silently towainld thie Milly slii'ar, anli riinllinr' ill under one of the pier.,, Ileo.aid to the bliwak Yanko : " I nitl going to got out hlor, and you can takn the boat back." "Whlin ine pull away tanlo you back, Missa Kingston ?" " You need not comn at nal ; go nahad now; I am all right," ansiworod )D.ul, as lo jcuimpsd ill upon11 tlio wharf. Tweoly iniolteo from tlhe dep.artlre of the boat, )Dali Killmgtoll glided out into tli0 atrealn in a cat-rigged sailing- bo.at, aid drifted anway witlh the tide. There w.as a stilT blrezo blowing directly towarnl tio ollther simro, nndl Dallh, tlinking the object of which hie iam in ts'arch hliad drifted tler', lhaded hlis blat ill tlat dire. lion. All tle way acron tlIo Ileharbnor lio kept hlii eyne coinstantly on tile anlrt, Hcannling overy lloating olijocatthat ll piased with tlhe clmosst scrutliny, but no sign of the white-robed liiguro rewarded him. Jtlut oultsidlj thi shorc-swoll lioe stored his boat nsos to sai1 l Ia nilear thlo nbeall n i)Oonsille, umid so coilninenced to niiil;ao a coplltllo circuit of tlo sliore. Iel hld not procceded very far ero e lo ho hold a dark object moving slowly alonlg the beach. \Volnulring what timo man lie had sooni was lup to,U1lal turned hli boat out fromtholl shloro, o ms not to attract ltl ialtelntion of tlle wan, dlrer oil tho beach, while Ij hliimsolf coultl se thl inan'S illovmellnlt.i. PreIseolly )Dalh aw thle ian on tlhe boacli Comin to a illt, anid sitrtu ll i oyo. uut upon thi water. Unlh hiad brought his boat to, and was lean ing over thel gunwale, wheln lo saw the strangely-.cting llan wado into the wator,anl tlel nilt IiIolienllt oizo all objoct floating Oi tle crest of a wave. ]tihing to Ilis foot umddenly, Dasll loaiied forward, anld soon bohld na IHilit tlhat caused lihln to exclniin: " By Jove, he has founld it " aind hle inmo. dintely laonded toward the promontory juttinl oult froln theo ltlore. CIIAPTEII III. The youth felt greatly excilod. His eyo beameiod witli a ueeor light, nil a piallar over ipread hls hIantloine freatiures u Ihe ran for lhe nitahro. " That fellow I1 a bird of lproy,"itnuit ered 1)Dah, a Im moved stealthily aoi'y lg dod logiti frolt rociik tim irc:. Ily tihu tiion the yotllh arriveod in ciglht of tihe Imlan ianld hi prey tIo latter liad itieetndetl iI halillig llho b uly areilir', anld hin illilveleiitt j atn onc botraynal tlhat Kingltoii' nlSlliciOinl were correct, at the itterr twaiable toIi H, lty lth nild of lihn nilonliglht, that at thiat very lioimleiint Ilho follolw.wal tryinh to pull a rhig (oinil tl.o niingr if tllohe enrtsu. KeIic ing out of view, hI' olliorvreo tlho man's iiovenlentit for a itolinolit, wlilli itt<lliigu li li.?a IIild Ihow to ilrncled. IIt wen a iiiarveilistly clIar nighttl; the light of the itlioii ilntilo ilijectso nlitiellt is lahtinly vhilido a:i at itioitilay. Kingitol i wai still indIIoliloil a to whalt ex* citn tli ohlioaIld offer for dihtlrblin>g itlte iianth whelir hi saw lhli Intlter draw I eit.lap-kilifli from hi Il ptoket aind iito a niiovenliioot ai thollight ablut to LevUr nlin If tliu deall girl'ts fIhIerC The yollth could not stalul thlit, nid Iioaptiig forth, he ioiuted r "1 tlld oil, you wretchl) wihat anr you doing thoere " " And whlo may ynt bo t" nul;c?l tlte iiian, in a grnif volein tIIurningil rittilt ind tantilitg rnrealed It the tlin olilglit, withtlh dlodil girl' hanld clanoil Iht ino hnuld and the gllttutirig iiltlo in the othler. "I alm tlillo who will nt ?bind by lind pernnit you to niltltta o the lonea." "You tli, ni Wtell, neo here, iny y'otin coiitelr llluimor, II you dnhu't nabhilt innrlih anlll g, abnmll yonlr btlltilc, I'11 sllittllmtr you to tllt wilmj t lit1I," . The youngfman glaned labnut in every diroo tion,and his eye fell upon a piece of a broken oar lying upon tlhe beach. A uon:ent later Da1Th had secred it. It proved to lie lth round,' eavy eid, and hio youth w.t d(.llightoe that lie hla secured lsuch nil excelleit cudgel. Seizig tlhe cudgel firmly, hae moved toward tihe ruflian with the remark, in a throeatening terl : "My friend, you will have to move away." The man dropped thl dead hand, ani growl ing imore like a dog thai m ia human being, as lhe driw friom hlia pocket a piitl, and aiming it at Dash, exclnimned ini a fierce voice, and with allnny onths: " Liok Ilre, lMiiter ! I've just got a little toy lire that'I worth a inillini o(f sticks like that; and if ymou din't want a hole in your skii yoall vmony, amdl oat miake aiy bones abult it, either." l)sall did not halt as commanded, hut boldly advanced toward the villain, determined to bring inatters ti a decided isune at once. 'Thi main Irvllied hls I-istol, and ilelilted " Stand back, ir by - I'll honlot I" still. withlout fliihclini, D)as ahdanoce1. Thk.re cane a acitck, but nn repnrt. At the inomeunt that the man iplled tle trigger of liis pi6tol D)Brl awung the bludgeon it thie air. As tie Irishman says, "a shillunlh never lisses fire," ndu thel piece of oar sped through the air and de:ccndeld lupon time wrint and hand of the nmrdoiouin body rdobb!r, knocked the pli.tol from lia graip, and compelled hint to yell with pain. Still tle man wai not overcomeo. Springiing back, he drew a nmlrderoaia-look ing knife, and thin attempted to close in upon Iis gallant young nntngonist. Tim latter, however, was too much for hlim, and quite a lively sirinish followed. lBoth meni dodged anid parried upon tie beach in the presenco of tlh dead body of the young girl. Kinig.iton's kItndneass prevented him from ising his formidable weapon, as li could hlave don. Ili object was to knock tlio knifo from the man's hand ai lie had donei tlie pistol, and then drive him olf. 1 it failed to auecced,iand tll etubborncess Qf till miail united his own dooimm. " Will ol make moi ?" muheid Danh. " And leave the diaimn:ld and jewels oI you, par I? No, no, replied the iiia, froim buetlvee Iis c clenched teeth. "Tihen your fato be on your own heald," ex. clai:ned Dash. "Go k;eerliI, young man ; this is murder, ycr Iniow," " Will you makl oil!" "No I" yelled the man, and with a fearful oath ih imade a ilpringi at D]lah. "Tih latter vwa prepared, His patiRlnce was also exllnltesld, and down came hli coulgil, whnli the fjilcd ltbber uink up)oii tl. wvOt sand. ColAI"Pri: IV. A wiertrand ghost-like scen waas presented upon that lonely beaclh uduer ltie bright nionl tight as nDh drnpped upon hil knees onll the wct osan.l, nlld loaned over tle pale, stark face of thu dand girl. lhven whilo lie iknelt beside her it coinmed as thoughl thllios xqiuisitely-formed lipl would part, anti from thi pearly teelth oulde ctiioi a B'ctd voice, nkiig, " Where am T ?" Jintinctively lie brushed tlli danmp hair asido, and laid hlin hllld upion the fair foro. lead. It wan cold-icy cold, and a chill ran tlhrmaigh his frame ma tiough li hail laid his warm hand ipion a status carved out of ice. With a heavy ni;hl, lie arose to lis feet and stopped over and glanced at the rullaln ia had striohen t tthe o rth. Kneeling, lie placed Ihis hand over tie man's iheart. 110 lived ; and, with the muttered remark t " It i hard to kill such scoundrols," Dash re turned and conutoemplatod tile white Cl"ure of the nmurdered girl. While ha gazed hlii eyo fell upoln nil objiet that glittered liku a epark of fire. A closer inspection: proved that it wan a brilliant jewel tliat glistoenud uponl thi girl's lngerl. Ilo stooped, as though alioit to remove it, whun a Inervoils repulsion caumied him to start back anid exclaim : "Nu; I cailnot rob the dead I" Thlen lil eysc fell iion11 two other ewiels that iparlledl in tiie lgirl's ears. " What shall I do? If I leave thoea jewels glittering uIllin that girl's person and go for assistance, oinme oticer vandal like yon caiplll llay comoe loilg and pn.O?ess hiihnslf oif themi," lie Imuttered. After rellecilng a monlenit, lie added : "I will relmove lhei and hold tlimin for tle friends of the dead girl." ]):ish was moren oucce.?ful than tlie robber had been, and had but little dilliculty in re mloving tih jcwels. Io hadl but jist poisssod hilnself of them wholl hl heard voico.a,anl upon railing Ilil eyes I.csnaw tihe gliminor of a light apnroacling to ward liiin along tle beach. " (reat lheavons ! I nIn found witl tlhos Jewels oni 1eo I will in loolkd upon as a robber of the dead ;" leu suddllly exclaiimed. Instinctively lh turiined, s tihoughl to rni Rlaway. " Inean no harm, hut I must protect my slf," lie inullred, andl witli a cat-like ste lip inoved away, After proceedingSa rhort distanc lhein ncended the Iankl that lined thl lielch, and moving stealthily along, retraced his iitelia to a point olllppite to wher the Li oly lair. I to had but jusit imno to conceal himself when a parly of four men, carrying a lantern with thenm, reached tho spot whlere tihe white figure lal 'lio men lhadl ult julit discovered tlio body, nud it sceine oI excitement folilwed. Frenm hliI hiding place )Diali could hear every word that 'was Spokeni, and, awhilo listninig, lie had a premnonition of the terrible mistake hli had made. "Tlhro lias bleon ftuil murdor llore," sad one of the menl, as ilel held his lantern down over the fce of tfle idead girl, "It liha blieen a double murder," cried an other of thie mn, as liia oye fell upon tihe formi of the inialn. "No, lby thunder or Thin followr lives," heo added, alter a inoieumt, as lio felt tihl waoeluled innn'sil lla.o, "Yes; I live," camIIe til response In fenble tonec. " Wialt lian hlappened ?" asked the maln in clhonts, an they gatlnred romud. "C ive io a drink l lralit; I am dying of tlilr:t." Ono of thell nwrcomern had a Ilaik witll lian, andil put it to thll man'a lia1p. The laltter drank, nod seolledl greatly ro vivdl, wlion lo Rail : " A terrile crimin lina jilst been comintted iefore iy payes."l " Toll ins nlinlt it, quick I There nlmay yet be ia u halnce to calituro tim u anailn." Thin fellhw llpretndle to be very much ovaer canb by tlo terrible anto lie ho had witnnsvod, anil iali ti feel tiad fIron tlle uroicih of tlie Ilmow line Ia riteniveold bult takling aniiiother gniod pull frou, the Ihlac, he eih l " [ w'a walkli>l:; nlillg' tlhe hnncll, wlien I rlaw a striugglo giliigm" tnil iC boat Ii llln lif thei hlern lintwoeen i ial ail a wnolilnia. Tim 11n0l lu:lly RsizCed an alr niil «trllek tlihe girl I blivw inl thi' lli;el iif lh helrad,alnuli sh fell veerboard, wlllnn tlhe lUnmllni led alwny." " And tlila iI tli girl that lwan nmiirdreil I" " Ye 1 i rrelcvered thlu mlly after an lionr's olaour, n1nd lid jlust tlcceelid In lhainilig it niiior,' wlhen thiIn iin'ianslii ritliirnelid, IIU as. iailtleil iln, nnd Il ltrigiglu fiillowed, bult iwitI he tlonam nar withl which liu criilshed in the Hlhkull of the girl lih lail io oiullt, thein rnbbed thi body of Ihe girl of suveral valnibli jewels, 1uudl ocnualed." Dasli iheard tlihe wrlio story, nmd wnuld linav riiihild ilown nl ilnlenl it I but, ,lan I circilIII. otancleec w'cro nagaltl liiim, Ti?e girl's hlal lhad Ibllen criluhtld y ai bhld. goon, nild ie really had thle iwavlls on llin pior ion, nlthonughl for nn unlawfulil lplir|lno. One ofll thu inln wni left with thie Ilody, d whlilo thin otlher starteil to notify thie authinrltie, on ihnt i an inamiiOdllto onrClll nllhlllt b l?ailtliutnd for the supposed asmassn. Tie man lihd fIrnished an nccuratn descrip. tion of laehl Kingston, and, ns tih lattrr stole awanyhe fully realised his peril; circumstances -fatal circumstance,, were n;ainot him,antl hi had unconsciously asisisted in gathering tloem about hlin. Iloe icceeded in raclhinii the city without lieing discovered, nd l trPon tlel fllowling orIn ing read inl thle papers thie usual seiinntionll and exaggorated account of A diafholical murder, in cluding an accurato de.,criptilo of the clthling worn by the assmasmn, and garbled description of lis pecrmon. The matter hnd gone so far tllat Dash dared not now disclose himilnlf and relate the true f:acts; and in hopte that tle matter would blow rver in a few days, lie ftshaved off i whliser., and imountache, nnd' in other way's ai.trr-d his iapplearance, and imakling oxcilseC to hi. friends, weut to Tcelliourne. UlI"n the very evening of Iis nrrivanl lie was p.asing tile door of tie laidei!' iparlIur in the hotel, when lie behelld a sight tlhat cau;etd his heart to stand still, and the Ilold, to freeze ill There, ntanding in the centre of the lparlour, iva a lady ; and beyond any (qiestiion of duibt niarvtllms as it rseieed, that lady that hisa ye' rested npin was the hIving, lreathling girl Ith deadl Iody of wheom he helieved loe lha1d 1,f upon (iM Rolo Day shlor under thl moonlight sonmn hours before. At ft firta hI thight itmigltbe ontly a fanelod resetilinnco. tl-cnvering his sclf.posnession, lin tepped into the roemn. There was not tho llomat possiblility of, a tnis tako; tther were the sameo featurmo , thi sane Involy blue oyoes, the Parne goldon treaoes, tlh enxn lito month-allnll tlho iame. * l11, honavonsrlTuh I"l inld,. r haveo 1 enn dreaming eomno horrible dream t" murmnreu. Dash, as lie staggered fromn thlo room. lut the idea of a dream was quickly dise polled. Ilij hand proaaod tho jowetl? in his pockot, and the blue eyes were turned toward imin il wotndolintg anllazeOielint L iU i; U.N .viNa .2 