SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30tii Wlel is it fortius colony that, at so critical a juncture, the head of the Government happens to be a man whose broad sympathies make him fully alive to the wants of the struggling poor, and who evidently has a grasp of the duty devolving upon the State in the matter. The following remarks which the Pre mier is reported to have made on his return trip from Frankston, on Saturday last, do him infinite credit " This was not a time," said Mr. Patterson," for indulging in theories Men wanted solid bread and butter and they must have it. Let the members of Parliament go out into the country and see how the men who had settled on the land were getting on. They should cheer them in their work and show that they took an interest in their wel fare. They should not stick men on the land and leave theui there, as if they did not care twopence whether they prospered or not. Let them encourage these men and give them hope. They saw men hang ing round the public offices every day waiting for work. It was a shame that such a state of things should exist. The colony should have no man out of work. Every man should be working, if it was only for a bare living, thus helping to increase the production of the country. It. was a big mistake for anyone to suppose that tlie colony could be prosperous while there were so many men out work. It was not their fault that they should be out of employment; rather did the fault rest with the Legislature, and when the Government could find work these men would have it. Every member of the House must devote himself to the task of pull ing tlie colony through. Having succeeded in doing that the Govern ment would feel that it had per [ formed the mission upon which it embarked and discharged the duty which was entrusted to it. If the J Government had not held out as it did during the past winter and re sisted the many temptations to indulge in financial speculations, the country, in his opinion, would have been damned. The Govern ment would go on steadily doing its duty, and would not allow the honor and credit of the colony to be trailed in the dust. The country must rely upon its wonderful natural recuperative powers. They must open up the mallee, for that was one of "the richest portions of the colony, and by growing miles of wheat ftud other products they would be able to unfurl the sails of commerce and make work at the ports. There was nothing more wretched and depressing than to see the expensive harbor works at jSandridge and the Yarra compara tively disused. So far as the Governments of Australia were con cerned, the goantry stood well in the estimates of Epglftwl, but in some other respects they were be ginning to be too hopeful again. He believed that the colony would have another boom before long, and commit the same faults as they had done in the past, for experience proved that history Wis frequently repeating itself. In q, short time the Government would get into Re cess, and when it got there it would perform such transformations as would suprise some of them. All the friends of the Government in the House had behaved exceedingly well. The Government bad no cause to fioovplam of the treatment it had received" It is to be hoped that the croakers will now stop lamenting over the failure of Victorian credit. The conversion of the loan 5 per cent loan of L2,l07,000 in London into a 4 per cent, loan at L9G, which the Hon. G. Downes Carter announced to the Assembly on Tuesday even ing is a subject for general congrat" • lation, and has been recognised as such by the Premiers of the Austra lian colonies. The fact that the whole of the loan was placed in one day shows that English capitalists have not lost faith in the stability of Victoria, and goes a long way to confirm the opinion expressed by Mr. Patterson as to our having reached the bottom of the down grade commercial depression. Al though the conversion does not directly bring more gold into the colony, indirectly it is sure to do so. It cannot fail to hasten a restoration of public confidence, and that once gained commercial and manufactur ing prosperity will not lag far behind The" following are the telegrams re ceived by the GovernmentSyd ney.—'"Congratulate you upon the result of your conversion.—(Signed) Geokge R. Dibbs." Adelaide.— "Telegram as to loan converBion just received. PleaBe accept our hearty congratulations.—(Signed) C. C. King stob." Pebttt,—Jlogt heartily con gratulate you on success of loan. Hope it is an idex of turn of tide.— (Signed) John forkest." Tiie subject of the increasing need for special legislation dealing with the aged poor was pressed upon the attention of the Government in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday evening. In bringing on the vote for Grant to Charitable Institutions, thb Hon. the Treasurer said that £116,000 had been voted last year but he considered that £100,000 should be the limit for this year, because not only was the revenue much re duced but living was much less costly than formerly. The motion met with considerable opposition however, Mr. Winter (member for Melbourne South) said there were now a greater number iu indigent circumstances than ever before, on humanitarian grounds the vote ought to be increased—some pro vision being made for the aged poor who were not criminals. It did seem to him a shame that there was no place to put these poor people but in the gaols. Mr. Smith (member for Emerald Hill) contended that the treasurer had disarmed criticism. But ho admitted that the time was coming when some special provision would have to be made for old people who were unable to work and who now had to bo committed to gaol for shelter and sustenance. Mr. Salmon (member for Port Melbourne) said he thoroughly concurred v-ith the re duction of the vote, If the people of this colony were leas dependent on the state they would be a great deal better off. The vote should be re duced annually. The hearty manner in which the Legislative Assembly on Thursday evening endorsed the highly eulogistic references made to the splendid work done for the colony by Baron Sir Ferdinand Von Mueller, speak3 well for the cultured intelligence of the House. Speaking to the vote on the estimates for the Government Botanist's Department, Sir Henry Wrixon said that the scientific position of Baron Von Mueller was fixed by the Universities of the world and the work he had done in stopping the encroachment of sand on the coast bore testimony to that gentleman's practical services to Victoria. The invasion of sand along the beach of of this colony was found impossible to be coped with until Baron Von Mueller recommended the planting of marrin grass. That one act entitled the government bolanist to all the money be had ever received from the govern ment. Mr. J. Harris contended that theBarhn's work on elect Plants was one of the most valuable books printed by the Government printer. The Hon. Dr. L. L. Smitli said the colony ought to be proud of having such a dis tinguished botanist. The member for Melbourne South—Mr. J. Winter— endorsed the sentiments of the previous speakers while Dr. Molony referred in glowing terms to the fact that in I whatever part of the world he had visited in his recent travels, he found that the Baron was admitted to be the ipQst eminent living botanist. The Hon, Mr, McLellan pointed out that the Government Botanist was the oldest public servant in the colony and he did not know of any gentleman who had rendered such distinguished i service to Victoria. These well merited commendations were received with applause by the HouBe and the vote for the Government Botanist's Department was passed unanimously. A concert will be given in the South Melbourne fcTown-hall, on Thursday evening next under the auspices of the Girls' |?f.'ieijd}y Society in connection with St. Silas' church, assisted by Messrs, F. A, Dismore and Adcock, The propeeds will go towards reducing the debt of the church. A number of well-known artists have kindly given their services. Admission free. Col leption, We have rauoh pleasure in an nouncing that the presentation to Mf. J. Swift, late manager of the Com mercial Banlc, will be presented to that gentleman in the Mayor's room at the Townbhall, Bank-street, on Monday evening next at 8 o'clock, The subject of complaint made against the number of Indian Hawkers, was brought under the notice of the House of Assembly on Tuesday by Mr. T. Smith, M.L.A, In reply the Hon. the Premier said that the Govern, ment would as far as possible separate contracts so that tenders could be gi^en by each respective trade. There would be a danger in stipulating a minimum rate of wages to be paid by Govern ment contractors, as it might create a standard generally. The main thing to be done at present was to get every, body to work. The question of wages would soon adjust itself afterwards. At the South Melbourne court 0n Wednesday James J. Coleman, a to. bacconist, of Clarendon-street, was charged with permitting his premises to bo used for gaming purposes. On the 15th inst. two constables, dressed in mufti, backed horses on ensuing races with the defendant in his shop. They were advised that should their horses win it would not be safe to call for the money on the same evening, as the police were on the alert. A fine of £5, with 30s. costs, was inflicted. A similar charge was preferred against Catherine Keam,-who carries on a tobacconist's business at the corner of Ferras and Dorcas streets. In this case a number of legal objections were raised, but they were oveeruled by the bench, and a fiueof £5, with 33s. costs, inflicted. A grand concert in connection with the Good Samaritan Cricket Club (I.O.R.), will be given in the Temper ance Hall, Napier-street, on Thursday next, October 5th, under the patronage of Mayor and Couucillors of South Melbourne. We confidently say ttiat the programme is of an excellent character, and one that will rarely be excelled, among those to assist being the Bohemian orchestra, Albert-park Glee Club, Mr. W. J. Stock, Mrs. Peatt, Miss Thornton and other well known artiBtes. The Albert Park Cadet Corp will give an exhibition of physical drill. The President of the club (Cr. T. A. Thistlethwaite) will preside. Admission is free, by ticket, and a collection will be made on behalf of the club'B funds. The spirit of enterprise which characterised Mr. James Miller, while his celebrated rope works existed on South Melbourne, has not deserted him. From a paragraph in the leading Mel. bourne journal we learn that he has ordered a new machine from England to treat fibre, which he intends to erect at Yarram, Gippsland, the natural ad vantages and water power of which district he believes to be well adapted for fibre-growing and rope manu facture. An inaugural meeting was held on Wednesday evening last, in the Roman Catholic school hall, Richardson-street, Middle Park, to establish a society for the purpose of holding musical and dramatic entertainments in aid of the | church and school funds and other I charitable objects, The Rev, Father Graber, B.A., occupied the chair. A code of rules were drafted by the acting secretary, Mr. King, which with some slight amendment were approve of. The office-bearers were th-jn elected the reverend chairman being unanimously voted chairman. The next meeting takes place on Monday next, when the secretary will receive names of intending members. Among the many works of the late Charles Dickens, his Christmas Carols stand out prominently for pathos and humour. The well known story of Marley's Ghost formed the subject of a recital delivered by the Rev. Hector Ferguson, on Friday evening, the 22nd inst., in the Albert Park Lesture Hall before a large and appreciative audience. The lecturer treated his Bubject in a most able man ner though he took occasion to make several digressions from his text in which he alluded in a humous though it must be confessed rather irrelevant manner to the failure of the govern ment in introducing an income tax and other political and financial matters. At the conclusion of the recital, which was enthusiastically applauded throughout, a hearty vote of thanks waa accorded to Mr. Ferguson, who, in replying, expressed pleasure at the appreciative manner in which the en tertainment had been received and stated that it would be reproduced in the South Melbourne Town-hall, at an early date, In reply to a question put by the member for Emeraid Hill—Mr. T. Smith, M.L.A..—the Minister of Rail ways said that the salary reductions in the Eailway Department were to have general application. Any officer re ceiving less than £100 a year would not come under the 5 per cent, re duction. At the South Melbourne Police Court on Monday, Maurice Fitzgerald was brought up on a charge of being drunk and resisting the police in the execution of his duty. The evidence of Constable James was tD the eftect that he had occasion to arrest Fitz gerald on Suuday afternoon. A violent struggle then took place, and ultimately it was found necessary to tie Fitzgerald's legs together. In that way James and three other constables who went to his assistance were enabled, by each taking hold of a limb, to carry the prisoner lo the lock-up In the aggregate .Fitzgerald was fined £2 5s., or 15 days imprisonment in defau t. Mrs, B. Smythe delivered her second of a serious of lectures to women only in the North Melbourne Town Hall on Monday evening the 25th. inst. there was a large attendance, not withstand ing the misfortune of a very wet night proving the growing popularity of our Australia, lecturess, The subject was on limitation of offspring which was capably and intellectually handled showing that the matter had been con sistently considered by the lecturess. Mrs. Bennick ably filled the chair, and the leclureBB carried the approval of the audience, by a hearty vote of thanks being accorded her at the close of tLe lecture. The matter was made clear and intelligible by pictorial illustrations and diagrams. Frederic Maitland Ellis, was brought before the South Melbourne Police Court on Monday, charged with pas sing spurious coins, The evidence of Jane Patersoa was to the effect that °n the 20th instant Ellis tendered what purported to be a half-sovereign 1n payment for butter. She gave him 9s. 5M change. The coin proved to" be a gilt sixpence. The bench com mitted the prisoner for trial. At the Port Melbourne Police Court on Thursday morning before Messrs. Perry, P. M., and Armstrong, J. P, a young man named Thomas Kelly alia* Thomas O'Brien was charged with stealing a quantity of drawings, one oil painting;, and a mirror from the local town- hall. The hallkeeper stated that the property, belonged to the Govern ment, and had been lent to the local School of design, which met at the town-hall. The pictures were kept in a box, which had been broken open. Constable Fenuessy deposed that he saw two men carrying the pictures in the viciuity of the town-hall at 2 o'clock iu the morning. He arrested accused, but the second man escaped. A re mand was granted for seven days to afford an opportunity of arresting the man who had escaped. On Tuesday last as Mrs Pearce and her two children were returning from Castlemaiue by the 12. 15 p.m. train, was passing over a curve on a steep I gradient near Macedon the door of the carriage in which they were travelling flew open, causing her little girl who was leaning against it to be thrown out. On the train being brought to a standstill, the enginedriver and guard went along the line, and were surprised to find the little girl coming towards them. Though her face was so injured as to be almost unrecognisable, she was not crying, but was simply calling out, " [ want my mama." When tne train reached Sunbury, medical assistance was procured, and the girl was found to have a broken arm, a fracture of the skull, and contusions all over the bodv. Her condition was not such, howevi r, j as to preclude her being brought to Melbourne, and on reaching her home [ she was attended to by Dr, Weigall. 