BY ANGELO LEWIS. I. "You ham an uncommonr nosy den hero, .Armstrong,' said my friend balpher.on, as be turnedis chair to the tire. "'And this sa capital weed. Just one thing more, and mur Ely? um would be "cmplete. "And what may that be ?" I inquired. "A bottle of that wonderful old Madeira your pater used to bring out on high days and holidays. But [ supposo that'e all gone song since." "Not quite, I fancy. I brought the re boainder of the governor's wine with me when cams here, and I'm pretty sure there was a 'dozen or so of the old Madeire. I can't say whereabouts invthe cellar it lice, but if you'll -come down and hold a candle for me, I'll see 'if I can lay my hand upon a bottle." ' Agreed, oem. con. I'd hold a candle to amuch blanter personage than yourself upon ruch an ineucement." The time was about teght o'clock on a December evenin-g. The place, my private aittingrom on the.first dorur of the Whittle bury Bank, of which I had been appointed manager some two ycirs a'priviously. Dick 3acphorson, my veistor, was an olcd school 'fellow, who had asst completed a three yeari' term of. service as surgeon' on H.M S. Orion, and pending his appointment to another ship, had come down to spend a 'week or two with me at Whittlebury. Dick was a character in his way. He was acons 'tomed to describehimself as a thoroughbred 'mongrel-half Scotch, half Irish ; half sailor, us.lfsurgeon. T.houhi still young, beinu brely thirty, he as not only exceptionally -skilful in his own profession, but had a "usefulamateer knowledge of several others. 'He was a clever mechanic, and his know "ledge of chemistry, like Sam WVeller's 'of London, was "extensive and peonu liar." His special hobby, however, was electricity. which lie maintained to be not only the light and the power but the medi cine of the future, and he was never so happy as when devising newuses for it. He had beengreatlydisgusted, on his arrival, to dnd that the bank was unprovided with electric bells, and gave me no peace until I consented to lot him supply the deficiency. In vain I represented to him that electricity was an unknown force in 'Whittlebury. He retorted that in such case the bank, as representing finance, thrift and other com mercial virtues. 'was the more bound to set 'an example in the right direction; and already, in one corner of my sitting-room,lay a collection .of be'llc, batteries, wires and pulhea, to be used in the exeoution of the' work. The building, I may hero state, had not 'been riginally ereeled' for a bsnk, but was San old-fashioned private house, which had 'been adripted, to that'puirpose. The base uent consilted 'of four roomy 'vaults, ori ginally:intended:as cellars. Three of them, indeed, wasrestill nsed for that purpose: one 'for coals, one- fe'riosy pri?'te s"ore of ieinu" and one as a receiptualn for l)unber; while. the fonuth had b-en eonvr'rreldinto ia " strong oomn." -Theo *irlls asd liner ri the "etrong. 'room" -meber linei -witi ,ircaret the arcll of the vaulth'a?,d 'irih..honilr plates, andthe Swooden door'replaced by a double door oj wrought iron, secured by combnlation locks. 'Within stood a couple of -tron,. safes-one 'I ?re. one amall-of the moms approved con struetion. The only daylight admitted to the vault found its way thru'ghl feur circular pieces of thick glass, each Gin. in diameter, letintothe 'floorini of the room above (my private office). nod the only access to the basement, includingr the strong room, eras byspiral iron stairs leadirng from the same zoom. The ground floor consisted of two rooms only, the larger being the public office of the bank, the other my private utlice, above men tioued. The latter was a small room at the rear of the building. and had originallybeen a kitchen. When, however, the houeno was adapted to its present purpose, the kitchen \- lad boen transferred to the topmnost floor, where also were the apartments of the care taker-a sturdy Irishm'ane named O'Grady and his wife. There were three rooms on -the intermediate floor ; two being bedrooms, afrd the third the room in which' we ,were \- seated on the evening of my story. I lighted a candle, and we' made our way a',downstairsrto" the cellar. After some' litle \- seeari, we came upon a bin which I found to contain the last survivors of 'the famous M-adeira. I took out a bottle, and wasa jis closing the cellar door, when a strange sound struck my ear F First .nde two or three * strokese. as of a hammer, but dull, asif the srrikingt impletniedsr iwer siufled in some way: thefn the "scrinch 'of ia chisel: and finally ca dropping sound, ac of falling mortar. ,With a warning glance at ?i?cphersoa, I opened the door of the strong room adjoining, and silently stepped ionsi-n. The souods were here more distinutly audible: and we could tix with tolerable certa'nry the tpot from whichl they proceeded, which was the lower pait of -the left-hand wall. C!osing the door, I led the way up the spiral stairs into my private olffice. "Wha do you make of that. Mieoe" I said, as " laced the bottle on the table. " Juidging by the soahid; I should say someone was chipping a hole' through the wall, presumably to rob the bank," replied Macpherson "That is precisely. my own impression What a stroke of. luck that you should have chanced'to ask' for that btttle of Madeira. toell, forewarned is forearmed; we shall b ready for them. I'll just go and get m' -revolver,' and then I'll mount guard, whil you go end fetch the police." Macpherson looked at me thoughtfully " Exouse me, old man, but wouldn't that b a little bit premature? In the first place, i it is just poseible that the sound we hay 'heard is capable of some innocent interpro Statiou, and we may get laughed at for raising a false alarm. In the second place, if ou underiround friend is a burglar, wouldn't i be as well to let him make the ease a littl clearer against himself? I don't know whn thickness of wall' h'e has. to tackle, ben :judging by the lceooof the material, and tih 'ery smell quantity of stlff that seems 't fall after each blow, I should fancy he ha, s till a lojigish job before bim." "That's true enough. Tnt wall is.lin thick, and of tho togheet concrete mode. a .course, we don't know how long the gentle man on the other side has been pegcing away at it, but judging' from?a the sound, b' has agood deal to do yet." : "Thenw'e need not decide anything in bhurry. 'Pull that ork, Geoff, and we'll see if we can't devise some sort of trap for him There's nothing like a glass of good wine ta help tht imagination." I drew the cork and fetched a glass fron the cupboard. .'' Help yourself, I)ink. hun you must excuse my joiing you. Nothin, .stronger thai'vaater Will pass my lips til this matter. s- over." - "v Ev4i.i'o his taste,'" replied Dick holdineo'tlriri6 Critically bete'en himsel cand tihe?li, 'ten sippmlg it with reveren 't'aIa"gii~ ."lui'I"'work best, on this sort o ' thing. -N "'to "retun 'to the bruseiness it band. I'"wiold much "rather,"'capture thi gentleiaci, if we can, without calling in the police till we are ready to hand him over t them." " Sn would I, if I were under no persona responsibility. But suppose our plans failer and thebank was robbed! A pretty 'mess .should be in." "No doubt you would. And if, therefore at any moment you cease to have nerfect con fidence'in our defensive arrangements, by al means call in the police at once. But I don' think you will need them. You agree witl me that there is no fear of an entrance beini effected to-night?" " Not the slightest, I should say. It is mere speculation, of course, but I shouli think the burglar has a full week's work be. eore him."' " Good. Then let us see. in the firstplace whether we can fix any probable time forthe final attack. Is the bank particularly rich just now ?" " On the contrary, just now the cash in hand is lower than usual. But next Hondau is quarter-day, and for some days after thaI we shall have an exceptionally large amount in hand, as a number of rents and other ac counts are paid in aboet that time." "Then if, as we may assume, our under ground friend knowa his business, he will endeavor to get in about a week hence. Bp ithe way. who is yose neighbor on thateide s!" "A French gentleman, the Coun.t do Is Hoche. But, good heavens the Count cean't have anything to do with it. Why, he has five hundred pounds in the bank at this moment." " That sounds respectable, but it is not oncllusive. I am gled to hear it, though, for in that case we are pretty sure to have warning of the attack. WVhen the Count -draws out his five hundred pounds we may reckon that he has got pretty nearly through tihe wall." " I don't quite follow your logic." 'It is clear enough. It is not worth any man'swhile to steal his own money; and if be made the attempt, and failed, he might have trouble in getting tt afterwards. Ergo, if the Oaunt is the "ailprit, he will draw it out ~tbefore theOttempt is made." - ut why should he have deposited it at "Doubtless, 'to disarm suspicion. But we need not take it for granted that the Count is the man. It may be some other inmate of his household. What sort of a man is the Count I"" " A thorough Frenchman, dark, short and stout, with a pinched-in waist, and small hands and feet. Very polite and compli mentary. Smokes a very expensive brand of cigars, which are got downfromLondon on purpose *or him. Dresses smartly, and is never wi;, ait aflower in his button-hole." ,' How ."g,?hashe beenhere?" "About ' ire.- months, as nearas Ican re collect. Yes,.. 1: opened his account withes on the let of Oct.."-r, and he had then been in the town some *?. e. or four days. He told me that he desire - open a drawingaccant as a temporary ac -.-?modation, .and that he should always keep "+. ood balance. Under such circumstances t ac:epted him without hesitation." " And what family has he ?" " His household consists of his wife, a good-looking, rather over-dressed woman, who speaks no English, and a foreign ser vant, called Antoine. An old woman be longing to the town assistein the housework, but she does not sleep in the house. Antoine is cook butler and generalfactotum." "Whatis Antoine like?" " I should take him to be a native of the South of France. He is very dark, with crisp black hair, coming low down over his fore head, and thick red ears,. with gold rings in them Smells of garlic, and smokescigarettes all day long." "A very good fancy portrait of a French forgat. But one can't go much by descrip tion. We shall know Antoine better by-and bye, no doubt. In the meantime, the first thing to dois to make sure that nobody effects an entry without our knowledge." " How do you propose to prevent it ?" " That is aneasy matter. I shallrig upnn electric alarm across the piece of wall they are working on. The plant provided for our bell-hanging arrangements will be justthe thing. If you will lend ma a hand, I will haveit fixed in no time." Wo set to work accordingly. Oar flst task was to fix two bells, one inmyprivate office and the other in my bedroom, and tocarry wires from them to the strongroom. So far, we were able to work at our ease, and to converse when necessary. Now, however.. we had to deal with the very wall' behind which the concealed workman was engaged in his felonious task. Still, with unfailing re gularity, came, first, the'tap, tap of the mallet; then the scrunch of the chisel, and the fall of the displaced material. 'As we could hear him so plainly, it was conceirable that be mighthearusalso. andwe therefore had to orkin' aisolute silence. Iheld the mandlo whilo'IMaopherson attached with sealing-wax a number of cilk thread-, erossing the wallin I variousdiroeetions, and connected in some way;,which I was not electrioian enotigh to 'appreciate, with the wire: of the bells: Afterhalfanhour of this wo-k. Macpher son gave me a nod of natis.action, indicating that all si-as complete; and we returned to theofliceabove. "' That?k goodness, that's over!" I said. "'ow, willyou kindly explain how it works I thought silk was a non-conluctor." "'Soit is." he replied. " The principal is 3 just this. No part of that wall can be dis Splat ed without nmaking a pull upon one or , othr of those threads. The moment that rhappens, the circuit is completed menhani. 3 cally and the bell rings, lts neot easy to ex Splain,. save on the spot, but I'll cnuarntee 3 that itworks all right. By iJove, it is half past twelve. I'll have justene more glass of the Madeira, and then to bed, to think out 3 my plan for catching the thieves." We retired to rest, but I for my part could 3 not sleep. At half- past two I got up, and . partially dressing myself, stole downstairs and paid a visit of inspection to the strong room. All was quiet, the ncidnight excavator having apparently suspended his labors for the'night. Thus satisfied that there was no immediate dancer. I returned to my bed, and a slept soundly'till daylight. SMaepherson met me at the breakfast table a with a triumphant air. '?Mly plan is com plete," he said. "Electricity 'will tell us y when our thieves break through the wall, and Ie chemistry shall capture them for us. Did o yvo ever hear of the Grottaudel Cane?" a " The name sonudsfamiliar. Somewhere it in Italy, isn't it?" d "The Grotta del Cane is a cavern near e Naples, the soil of which generates carbon o dioxide, commonly called carbonic acid gas. This gas, being heavier than air, does not dis y - perse, but lies at the bottom of the cave, to a h depth of a couple of feet or so. If you send d a dog into the cavern he becomes d asphyxiated. A man can walk about upright e without dauger, but if he were to kneeldown a or stoop below thelevel of the gas, he would h be asphyxiated in like manner." if "Very interesting from a scientific point of view. But I don't see the connection wish te thief-catching."' t "Just this. I propose to turn your I strong-room into an .artificial Grotta del Cane." y " Much obliged to you, I'm sure. Aond is suffocate our chief cashier or myself the first d time we go into the room!" "Notat all. The gas will not be gene s, rated till the thieves are actually in the re trong-room. To operate upon the safes, they must of necessity work at a low level. 0e The gas will rise by degrees as the bottom of the cellar fills. Their only warning will be le a slight difficulty in breathing, which (if they notice it) they will put down to the close ness of the vault. A little later they will se find that-they can't breathe at all, but by it that time it will be too late, and they will ro fall insensible." 3: "Good heavens! you would not kill ig themi" Ir "o: my intentions are not quite. so it blooaithirsty as that. We shall lugthem out le and bring them to life-again by one or other at of the artificialrespirationprocesses. First, at however, we shall call in a policeman or two e to look after them during convalescence." to "And where is the gas to come from ?" d "That's veryplain esailing; I shall generate it when wanted, pro re nats, as we doctors s. say. In the first place, I-shall cover the floor If of the strong room, to a depth of two or three Sinches, with a mixture of sawdust and g ordinary wnhing soaa, which is a coarse form o of sodium bisarbonate. I suppose you can get me half a hundredweight without any a difficulty ?" Se1 " I daresay I could, but it is a queer 2\. order for a bachelor to ?give. :y oilman o will think lsam going to do my own wash ing." n "Never mind what your oilman thinks! it Then I shall want half a .gallon or so of g rough sulphurin acid, commonly known as 1 oil of vitriol. Lastly, an empty beer or wine cask to hold the diluted aeid,.nd a fewyards r, of soft metal tubing, such as rasfitters use. If This tubing, first punctured freely with holes, a will be embedded in the soda and connected if with the'barrel. At the right moment we n turn on the diluted acid, and the strongroom is will be half full of carbonic acid gas in ten e minutes." .0 "Blit if you mix an acid and an alkali, won't there se a warning fizz ?" 1?. "Very little. The sound you hear on a mixing a paidlitz powder is mainly cansed I by the small area within which the efferves cence is confined. In an open space, like the s, floor of a cellar, it will be barely perceptible, I nd I shall further diminish it by sifting ii fine earth all over the soda, which will make 't all took ship-shape, while it won't interfere in h the least with the chemical proesos. The g sawdust mixed with the soda is to prevent thebs gas b ing germinated too rapidly." is " You sem to have worked out your d scheme pretty minutely." " I have, to the smallest detail. I laid awake half the night thinking it out. The i, only risky element will be getting the rascal e (or rascals) out of the strong room after h wards. Carbon dlioxide is no respecter of persons, and will kninck us over as readily as n a bank burglar. IHowever, by using due y caution, and holding our breaths while we t have to stoop, we may venture in farenoagh t to slip a cord round the body of each fellow, and then we can drsg him out from a safe distance." I was carried away by aopherson's en 1 thusiasm, and after a little further conversa Stion I agreed, though somewhat against my better judgment, to let him try his plan. a He set to work at once, and before midnight t of the same day his arrangemente were com aplated. The sulphurio acid, diluted with Swater to four gallons, and contained in an old wine cnask. was placed in a cupboard in t my private office. The tap communicated with an indiarnbber tube, and this with n sundrylengthe of compositionpipe,perforated t at intervals, which were lying, embedded in r soda and sawdust, on the floor of the strong room. Above this was sprinkled a layer of fine earth, restoring the floor to its ordinary cellar.like appearance. The mysterious knocking ws resumed from 8 o'clock to 1 a.m., but the operator did not seem to make any perceptible advance,. II. It Six days ~assed without any change of the t situation. sas that the sound of the excava tions in thecellar became daily more auible, showing that the intervening wall was grow ing thimmnr. By careful observation of the sound we satisfied ourselves that the con cealed operator was working at a space of wall omeo two feet square, probably intend ing, when this was sufficiently reduced in substance, forcibly to break away the thin remaining partition. 1 On the seveuth day, however, I had a visit from the Count. He had that morning t received a letter from his son, a Captain in a erackFrench regiment. o c her Alphonse had been playing baccarat, it seemed, and to meet his losses the Count was comnpelled to withdraw for the moment the whole of his balance in the hands of thobank, though it would be replaced a few days later by remit tances from other sources. I instruced a clerk to see hew the Count's account setoo, and the balance lhaving been ascertained, he drew a cheque for the amount and departed with the money. " The plot thickens," said Maceherson, when I told him of the visit. " The grand coup isin all probability for to- night." We watched accordingly. So soon as we had dined, we took up our position in my office. Our first proceeding was to cover up the bull's eyes in the floor, that no light might shine through to the vault beneath. Macpherson next muffled the clapper of the electric alarm, so that it should give no sound beyond a faint tapping, suflioieut to call our own. cttention, but not loud enough to be heard beyond the room in which we were. We wore felt slippers, that our footsteps might be noiseless. I had brewed a supply of strong coffee to help to keep us wakeful, and on the table lay a couple of revolvers, aud some lengths of sash-line wherewith to bind-our expected captives. O'Grady was told to hold himself in readiness to come down to us instantly on receiving an agreed signal. These preparations made. weesat down to beguile our vigil with a game of chess. At ordinary times we were very equally matched, but on this occasion Macpherson found me an easy victim. 1 could not keep .my thoughts from wandering to the possible issues of the coming struggle. Ii all went well, I had 'but little to gain ; whereas if--(hn awful " if" that)-- Macpherson's plan broke down, and the attempt at robbery succeeded, my career as a bank manager would beutterly blasted. At this moment I must own -I heartily re. gretted that I had allowed myself to be drawn into so Quixotic an enterprise, when I might have saved myself all anxiety by placing the matter in the hands of the proper guardians of the peace, or simply reportingit to the directors. aeopherson. on the contrary, appeared'to be trouhbled by no misgivings, andl played even better than usual. "iFaill!" ne said, when ,I suggested the possibility of such anevent--" we can't fail: any more than I can fail to win this game, which I undertake to do in four moves. Check !" I made the best fight I could, but in four moves I was checkmated. I wasinettled at my defeat, and deter mined that he should not aeain- win so easy a victory. With a strong effort of will, I concentrated my wholoattention en the game, and thenceforth played as coolly as though the hidden enemy were a hundred miles away. We played on with vrrying fortune till about eleven, when the faint "'ting'" of the r electric alarm, followed by a heavy thud in t the vault beneath, warned us that the burglars had made good their entrance. With a meauinr glance atone, Macpherson lighted a night-light, which stood carefully soreened in one corner, and then extinguished the ,f lamp, leaving the room in a dim twilight. t just sufficient to enable us to move about. He then renioved the cover from oneof the bull'e. I eyes in the floor, from which a view could be d obtained of the portion of the vault where we a anticipated that -the entrance would be g effected. r A broad ray of light came up through the r bull's-eye. Going on our knees we could see that an oblong slab, like the panel of a door, Shad been forced from the wall, and lay in fragments on theloor beneath. In the vault s tood Antoine with his bactr towards us. while through the black- opening left by the Smissing masonry someother person, whom we conjectured to be the Count, was handing crowbars; wedges,. and other burglarious. looking implements. When 'all were handed in, the eperson on the other side began to creep through the opening, but to r our astonishment it was not the plump SBfiureof theCountthat appeared, but thatof a much youngeprand slighter man, with fair, closer-croped hair. We looked sateach other a in perplexity. Suddenly the truth flashed upon me. "" Madame, without her wig !" I t whispered. SAgain a head appeared at the opening, d and. aided by his friends, the Count scrambled through, though with difficulty, for t his broad shoulders all but stuck in the h narrow opening. The burglars now pro ceeded, by some method which was not r quite clear to me. -to fix sconces, holding 1 lighted candles to various parts of the wiall. They made a rapid examination of the two d safes, and then, without further loss of time, t the Count and Antoine set to work on the door of the larger, while the third man began like operations on the smaller. e o soon as they were fairly at work, Mao pherson crossed the room containing the i. diluted sulphuric acid, and turned on the if tap, after which he returned to his post of ob e servation by my side. "Keep your eye on -y that fellow working at the bottom of the smaller safe. He is nearer the floor. The 11 gas will reach him before it tonches either y of the other two." I watched, scarcely venturing to breathe, such was the intensity of my excitement. Someten or twelve minutes 1l passed, - and I began to fear chsepherson's plan was a failure, iwhen the man he had in - nto dicated dropped the tool he was using; and it after swaying from side to side for amoment :r fell forward on his face insensible. His fall t, did not for the moment attract the attention '0 of his comrades, busy as they were in their own share of the work. Presently, however, as the atmosphere became more and more 0 vitiated, the candle lowest in position began es to burn lessbrightly, and at last the failure er of light became so marked that the "Count," e who was working at the upper part of the d larger safe, turned round and looked at the n candles with a p?zzled air; Efially exiiffizig n them with his fingers, as it hoping to cure y the defect in that- way. SFinding that his expedient had not the r desired effect, he turned round again, ap Sparently to consult his colleagues. Mean while, however, the noxious gas hadreached thelecvel at which Antoinewas working, and with a brief convulsive fight for breath, he threw up his arms, and fell senselesslhke the a first victim. Never had I seen such an ex Suression of terror as came over the face of the a o-called Count, as hIe gazed on the bodies of his fallen accomplices. Already alarmed by the burning blue ofthecandles, it seemed to him, no doubt, thathis companions had been struck down by some supernaturael power. Panic-stricken, he made a .rsh for the hole inthewall, butitwastoolate. Inthe midst of his struggles to escape, the deadly gas overtook him, and he, too, fell back in sensible. "Notabad night's work," said Macpher son, aloud, as he rosefrom his kneesan pro ceededto stop the flow of the acid. "Now we will ring for O'Grady, and then we must make all haste to lug the fellows out Sof that room. I did not bargain for three Sof them, and every minute .the as becomes more deadly. Remember whLat I told t you. Venture in only just far enough to get a rope ronnd your man, and hold your r breath while you stoop to doit." "' O'Grady." Isaid, "burglarshavebroken Sinto the strong room, and I want you to fetch e the police." 1 " Bur-r-r-glars. is it?" replied O'Grady, Speeping down through one of the ball's-eyee. SOne or two of the candles happened to have been fixed above the level which the gas had Sresahed, and these still burned brightly, thonuh the rest had long since gone out. S"Ghost of Moses! but they're all dead , cor-r-r-rpses!" "Not yet." said Macphlerson, "bat they soon will be, unless we get them out pretty Squickly." "Buc hlowthe blazes did ye kill them? SOh, sure, it's some of them ilric trio ivilments Sof Mister Macpberson's." S"Never mind.that now, man; hurry for the police, and you shall know all about i it afterwards." I Fortunately the po;ice-station was only Sjust over the way. O'Grady started, lea ing the door open behind him, and in a I few minutes was bac again, with a ser. geant and two constables. Meanwdile, Macpherson and myself had opene~ d the strong room, and with some diffiaculty had succeeded in getting out the man nearest the door, who happened to be Antoine. "Shall we tie his hands?" I inquired. ' Never mind that now," replied Macpher. son. "Hn'a naf enoughfor the time; n?. Smeanwhile the gas is spreading. Give me the rope again, and stand ready to pull." I handed him the rope, in which we had mad a loop about throee feet in length. Care fully holding his breath he spped this over the bodyof the next man (the sham Countess do la Roche), and by hauling on the cord we managed to pull him through the door way. What O'Grady had told the serant loan- s not say, but the puzzled look on his face, as ge he flashed his bull's-eye on the forms of the or two men lying in the passage-way outside at the strong room, was most comical. "What's this, gentlemen-murder?" he so inquired, looking from me to Macpherson as la if uncertain which of us to "run in." s, "Only burglary, at present, Mr Jackson," hi I replied; "and there are two of the m burglars for you. The other is still in the re strong room, and we shall be glad of your T help to got him out." ai "That's soon done," said the officer, pre- tl paring to enter. h "Stop a bit," interrupted Macphereon; w "it's not quite so easy as it looks. That 0 room is filled breast-high with a poisonous a Sgas, which hashnocked over those fellows as h you see them In the upper part of the room, where those candles are burning, the r air is pure enough, but below that level it is a suffocating. Onr best plan will be to walk i in and stand three on each side of the follow. I will call 'one, two, three!' at the word 'two,' each must dip down and lay hold of him, and at * three lift him up and carry him out, but don't breathe while you are stooping, g or you will be knocked over as he is. Come i along, O'Grady," forO'Grady, though plucky enough in a general way, had begun to back towards the stairs; with every appearance of Sterror. "Is it in there, along with thim ilictric divils? Bodad, I'lllave that to my betthers. The climate's too onwholesomo for the likes 1 o' Tim O'Grady." 1 There was no time to argue the point. The remainder of the party marched into the strongroom, and following the directions of D Maopherson, we succeeded in getting out the 1 t remaining burglar. S "Why, good gracious," exclaimed the i Ssuperintendent, " it's the Count !" 8 Yes," I said. "the Count, and Antoine, 0 and Madame ; all three of them." "It's a big haul." said the sergeant, " and such blsckguards deserve all they get. But I'm afraid you gentlemen will get into trouble r forkilling them." "No fear of that," said Macpherson. ''Just get them across to the lock-up, and , I'llcomeandbring themto life again. Will n you comeoverand see the fun, Armstrong y It won't take more than half an hour or !r so.' it Thanks, oldfellow, butnotwith thathole in the wall. I think I had better remain oh o the bank premises." 'n "And I'll send a couple of men to look after the house next door," said the ser io geant. - . : The three insensible men were removed on e, stretchers: a grim procession. . Macpherson a. followed them to the police-etation, but in at stead of the anticipated' half-hour, it was more than three hours before he returned, and he looked completely exhausted. "I " have had an awful fright," he said." "The other Sblackguards came round in twenty minutes or ho ; but the young one, the sham madams, is 1 really thought he was done for. .He had a longer dose of the gas than. the other two, \- d it was just touch and go with him. All's well that ends well, andit'sbeen sn extremely in intereati experiment from a saientifio point ie of view, but i really think, thenext time I th want to capture a burglar, I shall drop s cinclan and call in the police to collar him'." ed Which is decidedly my own intentini.- h . The Strand Magazine." '-5'- 7 . 