THE BABY GHOST. DISTURBS THE GREAT SCIENTIST. A MIDNIGHT PATTERING OF TINY FEET, THE 8KELET0N UNDER THE HEARTHSTONE. Tba subjoined star/, from the Sen Fran cisoo 44 Obronlole," wit! be of particular interest to tbo nowly-foruted Kooiety for Psychical Kcaoaroh It it not nooesiaiy to go to tho length of asserting that tho following extraordinary Incident in tho early llfo of Sir Rlohard Owen, tho English scientist, .who dlod 18th Dooembor, 1892, waa the eolo reason that tho 44 Newton of Natural Solenoo44 hold vIowb on tho subject of the immortality of tho eonl dlaraotrlcally opposed to thoso of Spenoor, Darwin or Tluxloy. That it was a factor in modifying his opinion on tho matter there oan be ltttlo doubt. Thoro is his word for it that the story as hero related la absolutely true. Shoen Lodgo, tho roildonoo la tho royal park at Rlohmond,, given to tho pro- foMofc.'by Quoon!'.' Victoria, was built by ;';the famous Adelphi Brothers for ono: of tho. j, coat-oil mUtrceeoe of Ooorge IV. It ! not intended that the following vcracioua history should bo the moans of casting additional aspersions on tho morals of a dead woman, for of morals, as tho torn is usually employed, oho eeoms to have boon quite innooent, but the fact is worth men tioning and thoro is nothing to prevent poopio drawing thoir own conclusions. Just at tbo timo tho professor took pos session of tho pieturesqno cottago in Rich mond Park, his wife was not enjoying tho beat of health and was wakeful and rest leas at night, for which roason sbo slept In a room adjoining that ocoupiod by hor hnsband. For moro than a week tho pro feasor had been greeted tho first thing In ths tnomiog after this faeblon : 44 Richard, my dear thoro was that child In' my room again last night. I could hear tho pattering of Its little foot." Ho finally "romarkod : "I'llsoo If lean- not pnt a stop to this infant's wanderings, eveu lf I hsvo to sit up ill night, if, indood, the whole thing does not originate with your Imagination and tho state of your health." Aeoordingly, ono night after tho rest of tho housohold had retired, Sir Rlohard placed a tablo in his wife's room, taking in also bis favorite books and his wriUog materials. He settled himself then to peas a night in work instead of sloop. For on hoar or'two he wrote etesdlly, turning now and again to hio books of rofcrcnoo and eoorctly congratulating him self npon tho faoility with which his thoughts arranged themselves into so- quonoo as his pen flow over the paper, owing to the perfeot quiet which provsilod, unbroken savo by tho Uoklng of tho old olockonthe landing. Mrs Owon loomed to he enjoying an unusually >and sloop, poo- dbly soothed by tho presence of her husband in the room. Long past midnight tho scientist had fallen to musing wlion on unusual sound rocsllod to him tho parpoeo of his vigil. A rat of course, ho thought— an unusually largo undbosvy ono, but still a rat. It oould bo nothing else. Patter, patter, patter. Now close to his ohair, now moving away, hesitating and irresoluto, tho sound con tinued. Sir Richard agrood with himself that the sounds bore a remarkable reserablanoo to the pattering of a littlo child's bare foot, now Indistinct, as if on tbo'corpet, again sharp and well defined, coining appar ently from tho bordor of polisbod oak allowed to show freo from carpot around tho room a short distance from tho walls. Mrs Owon was booomlng restless, and 8!r Richard feared that If she awoke her nervousness would impedo careful Investiga tion. Ho followod tho sounds carefully. Always they roturned to one part of the room— the hearth. The professor rose from his chair aud moved it clow to the spot whither the sounds seem to tend. Fitter pat, again. If it was a rat a new species had boon dlsoovorod — ono that oould ran bead downward like a fly, for tbo sounds were now dirtotly in front of Owen. Still he conld soe nothing. Mm Owon was .turn ing uneasily and seemed on the point of awakiog. It undoubtedly sounded llko the pattering of a little ohild a bare feet around tho room, coming always to a halt in the viotolty of the strangoly situated fire place. This fireplace la a ourioslty, tho ingen ious work of the Adelpbl brothers. It would servo as a kind of architectural conun drum. Given a firepl&oe; and grate situated Immediately underneath a casement, flnd tW exit for the smoke. Tho eolation Is that two passages are prorldod, one on each side of the diamond- paned win dow, forming a sort of double-barrelled flue, nutting again and appearing on the roof again as ono chimney. Modem imitations thoraare, and It is interesting to know with whom the clever device originated. £?Doira on Ida knooe dropped the professors his ear pressed to the floor. ' PM-a«pat once moro. Something paired filo'sh to his f aoo, creating a slight draught. Snddonly bo saw that the dost on the hearth stone had been disturbed. 1 Plainly printed in the white dnat caused by -the holystoning of the hearth was the print of a little ohlld'a bare foot. " Rlohard, Rlohard, there's that ohUd again | don't yon hear it ! Ob, Rlohard, don't loavo me," cried Mrs Owen, now wide awake. Quickly orosriug tho room tho profossor took up his position at bis wife's bed. kldo, stroking her faoo and hair. Ho spoke reassuringly, trying to soothe her. The room was perfootly silent, save for tho pattering of tho unseen foot. Tbo im pression on the health was vislblo from where he stood, bat be was yet unable to pertnado himself that it was due to oaught hut natural cauios. Then as the olook chimed again the sound ceased. For fully five minutes the scientist stood listening in tently, but reold boar no sound boyond the beating of his own Mood and the regular breathing of his wife, who had fallen fast asleep. "Leaving tho bedside, tbo profossor hastily brushod over the Imprint on the hearth with bU.handkorohlef, blew out tho condlos and threw himself upon tho sofa at the foot of the bed.,- .... Tbo next day Sir Richard had his wife's bed removed to another room, under the pre. text of re-papering. A stonemason was sent for and ordered to poll op the hearth-itono. (Che work was soon done. It only remains for me to add that Mrs Owen, to her dying day, knew nothing of the removal of the stone or of tho diaoovory mado underneath ; for the work was woU douo, and after replaoing It none oould tell that tho hoarth had over boon disturbed. Beneath tho slono wore found the bones of b ohUd. not more thsn fivo months old, in a good state of preservation. The motor of Bbora, then only a curate said; the burial service over the little skeleton. The loosl sotton gave the child's remains a dreont burial. The former and the son of the latter are living, and will bear witness to the truth of these things. Turpontiho iprlttklod ih the haunts of cockroaches will scatter thorn. nis kaiuc. Ho was a fresh young ddd c-Vgay, Togged out from shoes to hat, Cat fresher was, I'm named to say. The pointon whioh ho sat . . 