Blackrock Notes. [From our Correspondent.] The weather here is dry with cool nights, Water carting is becoming general. Business is quiet. The Parliamentary Elections are beginning to interest us, and when the numerous candidates have definitely declared themselves, we shall no doubt try to solve the mysterious problem—which of them is worth the £200 a year ? This township has awakened to the fact justice is not awarded it. Although scarcely out of its swadling clothes, it shows signs of being a lusty but not a sufficiently troublesome infant. I suppose that few towns around, and certainly none of its size in S.A., made a larger demand for trucks last year to carry away the produce of the district. A rough estimate of the chaff alone exported last year is 4167 tons requiring 1388 trucks for its conveyance. Besides this about 11,009 bags of wheat were despatched in the same year 1892. And yet the place remains a miserable siding. An intelligent caretaker, by the way, does wonders towards regulating the traffic of the place. The Railway Commissioners long ago promised a goods- shed, but it must be like Federation—"in the air." The telephone wire passes us, but we have no connection with it. A signalman's new but empty house, value say £350, has been drying for the last fifteen months, that its intended occupants may escape rheumatism. Ere long the Blackrock ghost is expected to find quarters there. To ventilate these and other matters a public meeting was held at Blackrock on Friday March 17, at Mr Evans's store to discuss local matters. Mr James Jamieson presided over a representative attendance The chairman said the residents of Black- rock and the surrounding districts deserved greater consideration from the Government than they had in the past. Mr D. Cram read a statement of the exports by rail from Blackrock for 1892 as follows. Chaff—Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros., 2,100 tons of chaff, requiring 700 trucks ; Mr Naismith, 1,467 tons, requiring 489 trucks ; Mr Gilbert 450 tons, requiring 150 tracks ; Mr Howard 100 tons, requiring 33 trucks ; miscelloneous, 56 tons, requiring 16 trucks ; making a total of 4,167 tons and 1,388 trucks. This statement did not include the wheat for 1892\. It was estimated for this year that 40,000 bags of wheat will be dispatched, requiring 800 trucks ; 2,000 tons of chaff, requiring 666 tracks ; and 300 bales of wool requiring 25 trucks. There was also a considerable import trade, amounting to nearly 300 tons. It was resolved—" That the Railway Com- missioners be requested to carry out their promise of June 28, 1892, to erect a goods- shed at the railway-station." It was decided— " That in the opinion of this meeting better railway facilities should be afforded by the appointment of a stationmaster, who should also act as telegraph operator and postmaster." It was also resolved—" That Blackrock should have increased school accommodation." It was pointed out that the resi- dents erected the present building and handed it over to the Education Department and that it was totally indadequate for the present requirements of the district. A deputation consisting of Messrs Jas. Jamieson, W. Edison, and — Jettner was appointed to wait on the Railway Commis- sioners and the Minister of Education. We can only desire that the tardiness of the Government will not be further exemplified, and therefore now fervently add—For what we are about to receive may the authorities make us truly thankful. 