SPARKS. Court. Cojrsing. More rain. Aberdeen t. Burra. Well done, Mr. Cave. That ghost yarn fell flat. That soldier is a dark horse. Chrysanthemum show to-day. The A.S.J. Bank to be re-constructed. Fryer succeeded in winning that case after The Army bad a great 'victory day* on Wednesday. The Oval was alive with footballers on Satur day afternoon. Several young dogs going for the coursing slake this year. Great interest taken in the School Board of Advice election. The Corporation report will be found in another column. Jane Woods was sent to the Industrial School on Thursday last. Burra School Board of Advice election took place on Saturday last. Bagot, Shakes & Lewis hold their usual monthly sale on Friday next. The Mount Bryans beat the Mount Bryan East's by 51 runs a few days ago. Sir Thomas Elder and Sir Samuel Wilson are likely to be raised to the peerage. An attempt is to be made by Mr. Peony, of Sydney, to export frozen rabbits to England. The Progressive Party will land their man home safely for the School Board of Advice. The new machinery for the -Register has ar rived, and is to be set going on Saturday next. More tobacco is used by the Australians in proportion to the population than by any other nation. Captain McLeod as a private detective found out that a soldier was not living the life of a Christian. Mr. Cave won two special paizes in Adelaide for the best display of 60 and 48 different kinds of chrysanthemums. Our diaper's windows are presenting a winter appearance, being stocked with all kinds of winter clothing. The football match on the Oval on Satur day afternoon between the Aberdeen and Burra resulted in a draw. The Australian Eleven has arrived in Eng land, and will play (heir first match on May S, against Lord Sheffield's (earn. The Burra Cinderallas commenced their sea son on Monday eight at the Burra Institute, when an enjoyable evening was spent. Mr. T. T. Shortridge, press and general commission agent, has been appointed Messrs. A. W. Dobbie & Co's agent in Burra and iistrict. The employees of the brewery presented an illuminated address (which was executed at this office) to Mr. W. j. Jacka, on Friday after noon last, The financial position of Victoria is so de pressed that the Government have been obliged 10 order 2% per cent, reductions on all salaries aver j£5O. The Minister of Public Instruction in Mel bourne has submitted a scheme for retrench mint in the Education Department, by which lie expects to save £120,000. The Australian Mutual Provident Society tias extended its whole-lite tables so as to in clude rates for young people from 15 to 19 pears of age. In response to a notification that 35 men would be selected at a certain hour in Mel bourne last week for clearing scrub, 3000 un employed assembled. A young girl, aged 16, was stabbed in the tiack while crossing a paddock between Hali fax and Hull-streets, Adelaide, on Wednesday :v-:ning last. The ruffin is unknown. We are compelled (o hold over several ar licles of interest, including the Mount Bryan District Council report, letters to (be editor, and report of a cricket match played between Mount Bryan and Mount Bryan East. Mr. Dummy's advertisement in tbe Peters burg paper is causing a lot of comment. Cer tainly it is tbe most novel way of thanking hard-working supporters that we have ever heard ol. A cyclone in Iowa, U.S.A., has resulted in the destruction of several buildings, including \ Roman Catholic Church, in which service was being conducted, and over 40 persons were killed. Herman Heberle, one of the imprisoned Broken Hill strike leaders, was released from custody in tbe Albury Gaol on Friday morning last, and was greeted with cheers at (he gates. He has now returned to bis home at Broken Hill. Two young roughs lately paid a visit to tbe Salvation Army Barracks at Brooklyn, and making themselves as obnoxious as possible, exclaimed, ? We're waiting to see some miracles.' A six-foot ' soldier' took both the loafers by tbe backs of their necks, and, as he helped them out. remarked, ? We don't per form miracles here, but we cast our devils. 