HER GHOST OBJECTED. (A modern development of divorce in America.) Young Mr. Washington Jefferson Blank Was slender of figure, inclining to lank. He talked through his nose with a Yankeefied twang, . . ' The tails of his coat had a Yankeefied hang • His loud-pattern'd pants were in fashion; his hat n A black band had sported—he'd stripped it of that. For now I must tell you, though wedded before, Quite lately a fair bride he'd led to his door. Please note here at once he had buried his wife, Not cut Hymen's knot through some conjugal strife. No, death did the business; but ere Judith died He swore just to soothe her, that no other bride Her shoes should e'er step in, I mean should not boss His stylish town house to his profit or loss, He'd sadly bewail her! His tears they should rain— He paid for her tombstone, and married again! I know not if Wash, told the dear little thing, Whose pretty, plump finger now filled a plain ring, Of oath he had sworn to the late Mrs. B.— I think that he did not, between you and me— But this I declare : If the newly wed knew it She'd witfk'd1 at deceit, and right surely would rue it; For, not even death fuom/ a woman can sever The monster, green-eyed, it will urge her for ever ! Thus Judith was waiting—or rather her wraith— To welcome the rival who'd plighted her faith To Wash., the untruthful, and gave her a scare Before she had even set foot on the stair. For, though a pale ghost, she with female perversity Plagued Washington not, but con signed to adversity His innocent spouse, whom she worried until Her bloom was fast fading, and she very ill. Small wonder indeed, for the ghost (rather ghostess) Would pinch her severely the while she play'd hostess : Would pinch her in bed, and would pinch her at meals, Till bruises appear'd from her head to her heels. And then, how provoking! her spouse who had brought her To trouble like this a delusionist thought her— If Judith had only just pinch'd him instead His hair would have jerked itself out of his head ! The wraith-haunted bride a young sister invited— ^ Who dreamed not of ghosts, and was therefore delighted To dwell in the city—but Wash.'s lost dearie The maiden soon scared with her company eerie. Like dog in the manger, to kiss though unable, How Judith would rage when her Wash. kiss'd his Mabel ! The house -and his company all to herself Was just the sole aim of this shaddbwy elf. She soon had them, too, for her rival decided To be, by the law, from her hubby divided So sued for divorce,-got the lawyers to aid her, And, spinster at large the learn'd judges soon made her. While Wash, wandered home to the ghost of his wife To commune with spirits the rest of his life ; And greatly J fear that, like others, I see with 'em, He'll come to grief yet through making too free with 'em ! / Moral. Now, Benedicts all, who may promise your spouses A costume by " Worth" or the pick of town houses, Go straightway and bargain, or, what would be better, Just hand them the coin—ease the conjugal fetter; Leave the choice with themselves—do not growl at expense— They'll make the pounds fly, but they'll haggle on pence. Besides, should the dress or the house prove unsuitable They'll not be thereafter to call you a brute able. And now, to conclude, if you promise a woman What service soever, "why, that you must do, man, ^ Or look out for squalls, vide Washing ton, truly, A lady deceived will, at times,, prove unruly, And even return from the grave—as a ghost— To pinch peradventure your wife, but y ou most! Coondambo. Robt. Bruce. Von Schribbel—" I just wish to leave those tew short stories with the editor. What is customary ? I've never done any work for the papers before." " Well, it's the general custom to leave 'em, an' then come 'back in a day or two—an' get 'em." " Now," said th%?|pp>fessor of magic, "lam about a feat in which I sh^ll the use of a pint There was ,silence. " Will some 1 gentleman in the audience favor me with a pint flask of whisky?" asked the professor, advancing to the front of the plat form." There was no response, and things were becoming embarrassing, "Surely," he said, "in a south easterq Kentucky community, I ought not to have to ask a second time for such a thing. I pledge you my word I will return is uninjured. Is there no " . \ " Stranger," spoke up a tall, gaunt, hard-featured man on the front seat, " wouldn't a quart flask do jest as well?" " Why, certainly; I merely But the generous, open-handed audience had risen as one man, and was on the way to the platform. 