„mrbentlevsdramatic " SEASON. | «HAMLET." t Mr Bentley opened a dramatic season o ' . T^j-hts at "the Mechanics* Institute .on iTjay night. There was but a modsite attendance. The want of scenery'was serious bar to the performance, as ike V-g did not admit of . Mr Bentiey'e S^erj being used; hence die cółw „re obliged to use the scenery alreaS. «T. hall- Those- horeraiv who attended SL afforded a rare intellectual, treat, and Utictine of the company was such,that a "It de2 of the difficulty incidental to th of appropriate scenery wm overcome, She following was the cast of characters:— Lnjet (Prinze of Denmark), Sir "Walter jjantier; Claudius (King of Denmark), Mr jToouglas; Polonius (Lord Chamberlain), Vr Lachlan M'Gowan; Idertes (his son), jrr Albert Lucas; Horatio (Friend to Hamlet), Mr E. Crist Bosencrantz and GnilfiernBtem (courtiers), Messrs H. Stoneham and Harold Harellj HarceUns and Bernardo (officers); Messrs George Stayton d s. Terry; Ghost of Hamlet's Rather, Wr F. Esmelton; Gravedigger, Mr- ti. Thorn i Second Gravedigger.-MrThoe.- E, Foster; First Player, Mr W. Sooth ; Seoond pkver,' Mr M. Martin; airiest, Mr F. Iairiesole; Gertrude (Queen of" Denmark „I Mother to Hamlet). Miss Gladys leigl; Actress, Miss Rita'Aslin; Oeric, Miss Grace Hamilton; Ophelia (daughter of Polonius), Miss Mla-"Wflde. In tie character of the Prince Denmark Mr Bentley proved that Tie was worthy of the excellent reputation which has preceded him to Kyneton. Mr Bentiev looks every ioch the Royal part he aEEmnes. Of a digged and. commaJMting "-presence,.' with musical voK»_exfefesiTe WMTM^SJange' pf feeling, he did anqde ,JUBtib6"to tłie splendid language 'etShaljq>eawa: "He was particularly effective in &e; Głfost scene, Jnd in the scene arhere he, confronts the King of Denmark with thfi. evidence of his guilt. As Horatio. friend to H&mlefc;, Mr E. Cris gave a careful and intelligent tendering of his part, worthily supporting Hamlet in several 4f the most effect! re passages. As Laertes, son of Polonius, Mr jj-aas was a decided -success, giving a capital representation of the character. Mr Lacblan M'Gowan worthily sustained the dual parts of Polonius. and the Grav«- digger. Miss Lilia "Wilde was a capital Ophelia, the pathos of the part being well brought out after the .depth Połonina. He remainder of the characters were fairly rendered. - -, - 