, - CHRISTMAS CAROLS. By A A. Christmas is essentially a Teutonic and Scan dinavian festival, the great annual feast of thoso nations whoso sooial life' Gas most conspicu ously the home for its centre. Tho partloular form of lie colebrntion has conscnuentlv been to some extent determined by the olimato and othor pceuliaritics of the aouutrios inhabited by those races. Occurring in the depth of their really terrible winter, it is necessarily an Indoor and a home festivity, the children's festival, for whoso special delight at least two of its pret tiest features have bcort devised In Germnny, whenoe, robbed of much of their distinctiveness In the transit, tboy havo been imported into England and North Amerios. Santa Olaus, or Fathar Christmas, Is, as wo all know, morely a very young ebild'a superstition, by which the youngsters acoount for the presence of toys and sweetmoata in stockings and othor unwonted re positories ; but on Christmas eve in former times, nnd in Germany, Santa Olaus, Father Christinas, or St. Nicholas, tho patron of chil- dron, put in a real and very substantial appear ance in many a household. Tho writer well re members the feeling, half terror, half delight, with whioh as a child lie viowed the inquisi torial old man with flowing hair and heard, who in a strange gruff voice asked you all manner of questions on ovory imaginable unpleasant subjeat ; who seemed to obIc them jiiBt for tho sake of making yon confess your faults and fail ings, whioh hs evidently knew as well as you did, and remembored hotter ; and who finished nn by civing von sound advice, and of alt extra ordinary things, just tho very articles you had been most longing to acquire, but of aourso had told 'nobody about. The Christmas tree, too, that we aro familiar with, often dogradod to servo tho sordid onds of a bazaar, is but tlio plundered ghost of its former self. In Franoc, if by any ohxnce they have a Christmas tree, it is, as it used to be in England moro often than not, a smnll paltry contrivanoe made of metal, in the form of a banana tree, painted a detest able green, with some wax tapers and various fruits sticking on it in company with bonbons mid a fow othor trifles, the whole surmounted by a trioolor or two, or a union jack nnd other common place flags. Tlio orthodox Christmas tree, on the other hand, was; and indeed is always, a young spruoo fir, redolant of turpentine and tho pine woods, the branches weighted with solid mnsses of fruit and gifts for nil tho mem bers of tbo household, decorated with small wax tapers of every hue, nnd papor flowors fear fully and wondarfnlly eonstruotcd. The top of tho troe hoarc a coronal of hnnncrats, each in- scribod with somo snored cinblom or title of the Saviour, while at tho huso and on ono side of the tree is ercotcd a mininturo oave, with figures of Our Lady and St. Joseph beside tho Sacred Infant in a manger, nnd attoiulad by the tra ditional ox and ass, some shepherds, and balf a score of sheep and lambs. Then when the troe was lighted tip, the children would encircle It and sing, until tho lights burnod low, bright simple carols in honor of tho infant Saviour, and setting fortli tho circumstances of his miraculous birth. Thus tho religious associations of the foast tended to mako it par excellence the chil dren's festival, its central objeot being a child ; while similarly it was a family festival, because tho figure of tlio ohild forms but one of a group, tbo Holy Family. Doubtless tils carols thus sung were not originated to servo this end — Indeed, it is only ono of the many uses to whioh they havo been put; hut there call bs no question but that the truths their doggerel conveyed would be muoh more vividly apprehended by the children than if imparted by the dry-as-dust Bible reading some of our friends nre so anxious to introduce into the primary schools of the State. However this may be, one's earlier recollection of Christmas carols is conneoted with theso innocent festivities, and ns we hear of the revived use of theso compositions in churches and elsewhere nowadays, the mind naturally reverts to the oiroumstancos under whioh they first camo beforo it. As a matter of fact, the practice of carol singing is of muoh wider range than the German eustoms referred to. England'and'iiWnoo liave both their traditional carols aswoll as Germany. Indeed, of all the yule- tide customs that have survived the changes ond ehanccaof long succeeding ngos, few have shown more vitality than that of carol singing. From thosa early days when, as Mr. Morris has it, " minstrels and maids stood forth on the floor " to sing thorn, down to the present day, carol singing at. Christmas time has never ceased in England. The praotioe has survived tho change of religion in tho sixteenth century : Probably the balk of the traditional carols belong to a poriod long anterior to -that of the Protestant reformation. Carols certainly were banished from the churches, but they have lingered on, being sung by tbo village obildren and waits in remote plaoos until tho present day of their restoration. These ancient poems are often more quaint than beautiful, and oertninly more curious than edifying, but from an nrolueological or ecclesiastical standpoint tliey arc of great interest Their form of expres sion, for tho most part, could only be oompatible with reverence in an uncritical age, while the puerile legend with which many of them abound is rathor shocking to our nineteenth eontnry susceptibilities. In this respect tho "Cherry Tree Carol " (Gloucestershire) is a groat offander. It represents St. Joseph as walking in a garden, togotker with Our Lady and ber Divine Son. She asks St Joseph to gather some cherries for tho Holy Child. He refusos, and somothing approaching to an alterca tion ensues. St. Mary then speaks to the ciierry tree, which immediately hows down its head, and she gathers tho frilit Tho piece oonoludes with somewitherlngremarks addressed to tho ehiirlish husband. It is noteworthy that of genuino legend derived from the Apooryphnl Gospols and similar sources, whioh had a con siderable effeot upon medieval art, oarols of this olass are completely, or almost completely, destitute; the fancy of the writer supplied the ineidouts of tho narrative. A carol is essenti ally a bright and cheerful ballad; gonorally a narrative broken with a refrain or ohoruB, whioh may or may not be connected with the sense of eacii verse, and which, if in Latin, is as often ns not introduced line by line, and not at the end of each verse or strophe. In medioval times a large number of enrols, cspo-- oially in Germany, were composed in Latin, aud lines taken from these little poems, or from antipbons and other passages in the missal and breviary, form the refrains with whioh carols both old and new abound. Sometimes in tran slations a fow of the Latin words aro ret ained, it is diffioult to tell why, but tho effect, if quaint, iB by no means bad. Thus in a very oolebrated oarol, tho melody of wbioh was honored by J. S. Bnoh with a sot of variations, In dulei jubilo, tho last verso is given as fol lows : — Ubi sunt gaudia, where If that they bo not there ? There nre angola singing iioua. enntu-a, Thore tho bolls are ringing, In Jlegls curia O that we woro thore 1 In others the Latin phrase, merely a refrain, is woven into the sense of tho verse, as in the following example, from a modern carol : — " Low, in tho manger, Ilo Use a new born child, Bereft of enrthly glory. But pure aud iimlouled." Tills was tlio nilgais' story, And on 1 tlio welkin rang With ttio voicus of ilia eunu-ades, And tills the song tliey sang : Oloria Dio, in exeelsis gloria, at in terra pax homiiiibue. But really a oarol may bo of any form, upon any iubjeot of sacred or legendary story, and, bo far as Christmas oarols are eoneerned, as disttnat from those pertaining to other seasons, they are designed to inouloato soma doc trine or moral duty aonneoted with the inaarnation. Tha use which oarola make of Soripture, and espeolally the faots oT Old Testament story, is mystio, and pre cisely that styla of interpretation which is applied to tho Book of Psalms by Christian writers, from the Apostles downwards. TIicbo faots are treated as typioal and prophetical of Christ, as all forming steps in the grand and gradual manifestation of the Son of God, onlmi- Dating in His miraculous birth and life, both visibly on earth and invisibly In the sacramental system of His Mystio Body, the Catholic Ohuroh, The resuscitation of' oarol singing is due, like the rest of the Anglioan Ohuroh revival, to the "Oxford movement," which has done so muoh for architecture, musio and ccolesiblogy gener ally iu England and Scotland. Some 40 years ago the Rev. T. Helmoro, Priest in Ordinary to tho Quoon, whose efforts to revive plain song havo bean nt onoo so sueeessful and so unfor tunate, assisted by the late Rev. Dr. J. M. Noate, warden of Saokville College, East Grin- gtead, the celebrated hymnologist— the popu lar "Jerusalem the Golden" is one of bis translations — compiled a Bmall colleotion of traditional oarols to wbioh tboy adddd a few of their own composed in the anoicnt mannor. This little work aobioved groat popularity, and it prepnrod tlio way for a larger and more ambitioua colleotion. This eventually appeared fn tliroo nnder tbo musical editorship of Sir John Stnincr. Muoh of its contents is of antiquarian interest only, but, on tho othor hand, thore aro many carols, both ancient nnd modern, of great beauty. Many of tlio latter, and indeed the most of thorn, aro cast in tbo nnciont mould, and in one instance at least aro more antique in their arohniem tliau tlio roally old. Thus, for example, in Mr. Morris's carol, From Far Away We Come to You, we have a rather strange verse — O jo shepherds, what havo yo scon, "he enow in the street ana the wind on the door ; ro stay your sorrow niul heal your teon ? Minstrels and maids stand forth on the floor. But all modem antique oarols are not suoh Ohauonrian examples as thin. Though they differ little in language or style from their medieval companions, yot many are fairly ori ginal, and possess In common a tendency to bcacune dremulic. Thoro is still room fur de velopment In this direction, nnd, as tho aholoe of subject is practically unlimited, such develop ment may be lookod for. As to musiuai setting, tiio variety is infiuiTo." Even amongst the old and traditional carol tunes there is a striking diversity of style, from tlio dull and prosy jog trot of such oarols as God Rest You Merry Gentlemen and A Virgin Un spotted to the ntlld romping air of "Wliut Child is This ? Modern carols havooxtended tho varioty of style by adding siiolt exquisite snored part songs ns Dr. Dykea's Sleep, Holy Babe, and Sir Joseph Barnby's enchanting oradle song, Whan I Viow tho Mother Holding ; they have introduced, too, a good deal of humdrum com position, as dry as dust, and, of course, totally unsuitable as carol musio, whioh should be sweet, light and mirthful — not ungrammatioal certainly, but free and popular, and void of pedantiu display. 