TALES AND SKETCHES. ALL ALONG THE RIVER. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audrey's Secret," "The Venetians, or Alt, in Honor," " Aurora Floyd, "&c.; Copyrighted, by Tillotson and Son. Chapter III.— "What Turned tub Many Heads and Broke the Hearts." Isola fancied that her ndventuro was all ovor and done with after that ceremonious call of inquiry : but in so narrow a world as that of Trclaeco it was scarcely possible to lmvo seen the last of a man who lived within 3 miles, and sho and Lord Lostwithicl met now and then in tho course of her solitary rambles. The walk into Fowey, fallowing the old disused railway, was almost her favorite, and one whioh sho had occasion to take oftener tlmn any other, nB Tabitha was a Btay at homo person and expected her young mistress to do all the marketing, so that Isola had usually somo errand to take her into tho narrow street on the hillsido nbove tho sea. It was nt Fowey that she oftcnest met Lostwithicl. His yaolit, the Vendetta, was in tho harbor under repairs, and lie went down to look at tho work daily, and often dawdled till dusk upon the deck watching the carpenters or talking to his captain. Tboy had boon half over tho world together— master and man— and were ns familiar as brothers. The crew were half English and half foreign, and it was a curious mixture of lauguagoB in whioh Lostwithiel talked to them. They were most of thorn old hands on board tho Vendetta and would hnve stood by the owner of the craft if he had wanted to sail up the Fhlcgcthon. She was a schooner of 80 tons, built for speed, and with a rakish rig. Sho had cost, witii her fittings, her extra silk sails for racing, mors money than Lostwithiel cared to remember, but lie loved her as a man loves his mistress, and if she wero oostly and exaoting, sho was no worse than other mistresses, and she was true as steel, which they aro not always ; and so lie felt that he had money's worth in her. He showed her to Isola one evening from tho promontory above the harbor, whore sho mot liiin in the autumn sundown. Her work at the butcher's and the grocer h uemguonc, sue una gone up to tuatniry height by Point Neptune to refrosli herself with a long look seaward before she went liaok to her home in tho valley. Lostwithicl took her away from the point and made her look down into the harbor. "Lm't sho a boauty?" he asked, pointing below. Her inexpericneed eyes roamed about among tho boats, colliers, fishing boats, half a dozen yachts of divers tonnage. "Which is yours?" she asked. "Whioh? Why", there is only ono decent boat in the harbor.' Tho schooner. " She saw whioli boat he meant by tho direction in whioh ho waved his stick, but was not learned in distinctions of rig. The Vendetta, being under repair, did not soem to her especially lovely. "Have you pretty cabins ?" she asked childishly. " Oh, yes, thoy'ro pretty enough ; but that's not the question; Look at lior lincB She Bkims over the water like a gull. Ladies seom to think only of what a boat looks liko inside. I beliovo my boat is rather exceptional, from a lady's point of view. Will you come on board and have a look at her?" " Thanks, no ; I couldn't possibly. It will bo unrK ueioro x get Home as It is." "But it wouldn't take you a quarter of an hour, and wo could row up the river in no timo— ever so much faster than you could walk." Isola looked fiightcned at the very idea. "Not for tho world," sho said. "Tabitha would think I had gone mad. She would begin to fanoy that I could never go out without over staying the daylight and troubling you to send mohornc." " Ah, but it is so long since yon, were laBt be lated," be said, in his low caressing voioc, witii a tone that was new to her and different from all other voices; "ages and ages ago — half a life time. There could bo no harm in being juBt a little lato this mild evening, and I would row you homo — I myself under the new moon. Look nt her swinging up in the grey blue there abovo Polruau. Sho looks like n fairy boat, anchored in the sky by that star hanging a fathom below her keel. I look at hor, and wish — wish — wish. " Ho looked up, pale in tho twilight, with dark deep set eyes, of whioh it was never easy to road the expression. Porhaps that insorutable look made those sunken and by no means brilliant eyes moro interesting than some muoli handsomer eyes— interesting with the deep in terest that belongs to tho unknowable. " Good night, said IboIo. "I'm afraid that I shall bo very lato." "Good-night. You would be earlier if you would trust to the boat." He held out his hand, and sho gave him tiers, hesitatingly for the first time in their acquaint ance ; and it was after tliia porting in the wintry sundown that sho first begau to look troubled at meeting him. The troubled feeling grew upon her somehow. In a life so lonely and unoventful trifles assume llllll II A !ntnni<lnn/in 'Cl<e +»t/wl tn nt>Ali1 liitvi ami on her journeys to Fowey alio finished her business in tho. village stroofc and turned home wards without having oliinbed the promontory by that rugged walk sho loved so' well. It needed somo self denial to forego that keen pleasure of standing on tho windy height and gazing across the western sea towards U3hnnt aud her native province j hut sho knew that Lord Lostwithiel spent a good deal.of his time lounging on the heights above tho lmrhor, aud she did not want to meet him again. Although she lived her quiet life in the short ening days for nearly ft month without meeting him sho was not allowed to forget his existence. Wherever sho went people talked about him aud speculated about htm. Every detail in his life was disoussed and argued about ; his yacht, his political opinions, his talents, his income, his matrimonial prospects, tho likelihood or unlikelihood of his settling permanently at tho Mount, and taking tho harriers, which were likely to be without a master within a measur able distance of time. Thero was so littlo to talk about in Trclasco and ihose ecattorod hamlets between Fowoy and Lostwithicl. Isola found herself joining in tho talk at afternoon tea parties, those haphazard drop pings jn of charitable ladios who had been their rounds among tho cottagers and come back to tho atmosphcro of.gontility worn out by long stories of woes and ailmonts, soro legs and rheumatio joints, and were very glad to discuss a local nobleman over a cup of dclicatoly flavored Indian tea in the glow of a flower scented draw ingroom. Among other houses Mrs, Disney visited Glenaveril Mr. Crowther's great red brick mansion, with its peppor box turrets and Jacobean windows, aftor the manner of Bur leigh House by Stamford town. Hero lived in wealth and stato quite tho most important family within a mile of Trelasco, the VansittartCrowtliers, erst of Tilbury Mills, near Stroud, now oh much county as a family can make itself after its head has passed his fortieth birthday. Nobody quite knew how Mr. Crow ther had come to be a Vansittart—1 unless by the easy prooess of baptism and the complaisance of an nristocratio sponsor, bub tbo Crowthers bad been known in Stroud for nearly 200 years, and had kept their sacks upright, as Mr. Crowther called it, all that time. Fortune had favored this last of the Crow thers, and at forty years of age he had found himsolf rich enough to dispose of his business to two younger brothers and a brother-in-law, and to convert himself into a landed proprietor. Ho bought up all the land that was to bo had about Trelasco. Cornish people oling to their land like limpets to a rook ; and it was not easy to acquire the ownership of the soil. In tbo prosperous past, when land was paying nearly 4 per cent in other parts of England, Cornishmen were content to hold estates that only yielded 2 per cent,; but the days of decay had como when Mr. Crowther entered the market, and he was able to buy out moro than ono gentleman of ancient lineage. When ho had secured his land, he sent to Plymouth for an architect, and ho so harried that architect and so tampered with his drawings that tho reRult of much labor and outlay was that monstrosity in red brick known in the neighborhood as Glenavoril. Mr. Crowther's oldest daughter was deep in Lord Ly tton's newly published poem when tbo houso was being finished, and had imposed the euphonious name upon her father— Glenaveril. The houso roally was in a glen, or at least in a wooded valley, and Glenaveril seemed tosuit it to perfection ; andso tho romantic name of a romantic poem was cut in massive Gothic letters on the granite pillars of Vansittart Crowther's gato benenth a shiold which exhibited the coat of arms made and pro vided by tho Herald's College. Mrs. Vansittart Crowther was at homo on Thursday afternoons, when tho choicest Indiuti tea and the thickest cream, coffee as in Paris, oiul tho daintiest cakes and muffins whioh a professed cook could provido furnished the zest to conversation ; for it could scarcely be said that the conversation gave a zest to those creature comforts. It would ho perhaps nearer tho mark to say that Mrs. Crowther was sup posed to sit in tho drawingroom on these occa sions while the two Miss Crowthers wero at home. Tho mistress of Glenaveril was not an aspiring woman ; and in hor heart of hoarts she preferred Gloucestershire to Cornwall, and the stuccoed villa on tho Cheltenbam-rond, with its aero auu u mm ui gtiruuu upeu tu tuo uiuuig auu and powdered with the summer dust, to Glenaveril, with its solemn holt of woodlands and its too spacious grandeur. She was not vulgar or illiterate. She never misplaced an aspirate. Sho had learnt to play the piano and to talk Frenoli at the politest of young ladies' sohools at Cheltenham. Sho never dressed out rageously or behaved rudely. She had neither red linndH nor splay foot. She was in all things blameless; and yet Belinda and Alice, her daughters, were ashamed of her, and did their utmost to keep her, nnd her tastes, and her opinions in the background. She had no style. She wns not "smart." She seomcd incapablo of grasping the ideas, or understanding tho ways, of smart people ; or, at least licr daughters thought so. "Your mother la one of tho host women I know," said the curato to Alicia, being on tho most confidential terms with both sisters, "and yet yon nnd Miss Crowtlior are always trying to edit hor." " Father wants a great deal moro editing than mother," said Belinda, "but there's no use in talking to him. Ho is oncascd in a complete armor of self esteem. It made my blood run cold to see him taking Lord Lostwithiel over the groundB and stables the other day — praising everyining, auu pointing uui. una uuu nmv, — nuu even saying how much tilings had cost !" "I daresay it was vulgar," agreed the ourate, "hut it's human nature. I've seen a dnko be have in pretty much the same way. Children aio always proud of their now toys, nnd men are but children of a larger growth, don't you know ; and you'll find there's a family rosem- blanco ir humanity whioh is stronger than training." , "Lord Loslwithiol would never behave in that kind of way— boring pooplo about his stables." , " Lord Lostwithiel doesn't care about stables, —he would hero you about his yacht, I dare- say." "No, he never talks of himself or his own affairs. That is just tho charm of his manner. He makes us all believe that ho is thinking about us ; and yot I daresay ho forgots us dircolly ho is outside tho gate." ..... „ ,, 14 I'm sure ho docs," replied Mr. Colfox, the mirato. " Tliero isn't a moro aelfish man living that Lostwithiel." Tho fair Bolinda looked at him angrily. Thero are nsBortions which young ladies mako on pur pose to have thorn controverted. Mrs. Disney hated tho great red brick porch, with its vaulted roof and monstrous iron lantern, and the boll whioh made stioh a olamor, as if it meant fiio, or at least dinner, when bIio touohed tho hanging brass handle. She hated to find herself face to face with a tall footman, who hardly condescended to say whether his mistross wore at homo or not, but just prccoded hor languidly along tho broad corridor, where the oarpet was bo thiok that it felt like turf, and flung open the drawingroom door with an air, and pronounced her name into empty space, so remote were tho half dozen ladies at the other ond of the room, olustorod round Belinda's tcn- fnl.ln. and fed with oalto bv Alicia, wliilo Mrs. Crowther sat in tho window a littlo way off, with her basket of wool work at her side, and her fat somnolent pug lying at iter feet. To Isola it was nn ordeal to hnve to walk tho length of the draw ing room, navigating hor course amidst an archi pelago of expensivo things— Florentine tables, portfolio's of engravings, Louis Seize Jardinieres, easels, ottomans to tho window whore Mrs. Crowther waited to receive her, rising witii her lap full of wools, to shake hands with simple friendliness Olid without a vestige of style. , lie. linda shook hands on a level with the tip 6f hor. sharp retrousse nose, and twirled the silken train of her tea gown witii tho serpentluo grace of Sarah Bernhardt. She prided herself on those serpentine movements and languid graoea whioh belong to the Graeoo-Bolgravian poriod; wliilo Alicia hold herself like a ramrod, and took her aland upon being nothing if not sporting. Her olive cloth gown ond straight starolied. col lar, her lioat double solc'd hoots andoloth gaiters, wore a standing repronoli to Bolinda's silken slovenliness and embrbidored slippers, always dropping off hor restless foot, and being chased Burrcptitiously among silken flounces and Ince frills. Poor Sirs. Crowtlior dialikod the Guard's collar, which bIio felt was writhing prematura wrinkles upon hor younger girl's throat, but she lositivoly loathed tho iooso elegance of . the Indian silk tea gown, with its wido oriental sleeves, exhibiting naked arms to the broad day light. That sloppy raiment made a discord in the subdued harmony of all tlioso tailor made gowns — well worn somo of them— olive, and gray, and indigo, and russet, and Mrs. Crowther was tortured by tho conviction that her oldor daughter looked disreputable. She was fond of Isola DiBnoy. Ill her own simple phraseology, sho hod "token to her;" and pressed the girl wifo to como every Thursday afternoon. . "It muBt bo so lonely for you," she said, gently, "with your husband so faraway, and you stioh a child, too.' I wonder your mamma doosn't come and stay with you for a bit. You must always oomo on our Thursdays. Now, mind you do, my dear." "I don't think our Thursdays aro remarkably enlivening, inothor,"Baid Alicia, objecting to tho faintest suggestion of fussiness, tho crying sin of both iter parents. And then she turned to Isola, and , moaaurod her from head to foot. "It's rather a pity you don't hunt," she said. "IVo hod a splendid morning with tho har riers." "Porhaps I may get a littlo hunting by and by, when my liUHhand comes home." "Ah, lint one can't begin all at once, and this is a difficult country; breakneck hills, and nasty fences. Havo you hunted much?" "Hardly at all. I was out in a boar hunt once, near Angers, hut only as a looker on. It was a grand sight. Tho Duke of Beaufort came ovor to Brittany on purpose to join in it." "How glorious a boar hunt must ho! I must got my father to take me to Angers next yonr. Do you know o groat many people thero?" "No, only two or tiireo professors at the college, and tho Marquis dc Querangai, the gentleman who has the boar hounds. His daughter uBed to visit at Dinan, and alio and I were groat friends." "Lord Lo3twithiol talked about boar hunting the othor night," said Alicia. "It must be capital fun." His name reourred in this way, whatever the conversation might be, with more certainty than any given number on the wheel of roulotte. He had been thero in the evening, thought Isola. Thero had been a dinner party, perhapB, nt which ho had beon present. Sho had not long to wonder. The name onco pronounced, tho stream of talk flowed on. Yes, there had been a dinner, and Lostwithiel hnd been de lightful ; so brilliant in conversation ns com pared witii everybody else ; so overflowing witii wit nnd entire. "I didn't hear him say anything very much out of the common," said Mrs. Crowther, in her matter of fnct way. She liked having a nobleman or any other local magnnto at her table ; but alio had too much common sonso to ho hypnotised by this magnificence, nnd made to tasto milk and water as Mnronenti wine. "Do you know Lord Lostwithiel ?" Belinda naked, languidly, as Isola sipped her tea, sitting sliylv in the broad glaro of a colossal firoplaoe. " Oh, yes, by-the-byo, you met him hero tho week before last. Mrs. Disney blushed to the roots of those soft head ; but she said never a word. Siie hnd no occasion to tell them the history of that moot ing in tho rain, or of those many subsequent meetings whicli had drifted her into almost tho familiarity of old friendship. They might take credit to thomaelvrs for having made her ac quainted with their star if they liked. Slia lmd seen plenty of people at Dinan in those sunny summer months when visitors' c.imo from Dinard to look at the old quiot inland city. Lostwithiel's rank had no bewildering influence upon hor mind. It was himself— something in his look and in his voice, in tho mere touch of liia hand— an indescribable something whioh of lato had moved hor in his presence, and made her faintly tremulous at the very sound of his name. Ho was announced while tlioy wore talking of him, and lie seemed surprised to como suddenly upon that slim unobtrusive figure almost hiddon by Belinda's flowing garment and fuller form. Belinda was decidedly handsome— handsomer than an heiress need he ; but she was just a shade larger than an heiress need bo at throe nnd twenty. Sho was a Rubdns's boanly, ex pansive, florid nnd fair, with reddish auburn liair piled on the top of her bead. Sitting be tween this massive beauty and tho still moro maaaiv/i nliimnnvnicpfi. l\Tr<i. DisneV WAS COH1 pioteiy hidden from tho new arrival. Ho discovered her suddonly while he was shaking hands witii Belinda, and his quick glance of pleased surprise did not escape that Soung lady's steely blue eyes. Not a look or a reath ever docs escape observation in a village drawing room. Even the intellectual people, the people who devour all Mudio's most solid books— travols, memoirs, metaphysics, ngnostio novels— even these are as keenly interested in their neighbors' though In and feelings as the unlettered ruBtio in the village street. Lostwithiel took tho proffored cup of tea, and planted himself near Mrs. Disney, with his back against tho marblo caryatid which boro up one- half of tho ohimney piece. Alicia asked him about his yacht. How wero tho repairs going on? and so on, nnd so on, delighted to air her technical knowledge. He answered her somewhat languidly, ns if tho Vendotta wero hardly para mount in his thoughts at this particular moment. Wnat about tnis ban . no asKcu, piBscntiy, 41 You are all going to be there of course?" "Do you mean the Hunt Ball at Lost withiel?" "Unquestionably 1 What othor ball could I mean ? It is tho great festivity about those parts — tho ono tremendous event of the winter sea son. It was a grand idoa of you new nooplo to revive the old festivity, whioh had becorao a tradition. I wore my first dress coat at tbo Lostwithiel hunt ball nearly 20 years ago. I think it was there I first fell in lovo, with a young lady, in pink tulle, who was miserable, bo- cause she had been mistaken enough to wear pink at a hunt ball. I con doled with her, assured her that in my eyes sho was lovely, although her gown clashed — that was her word, I remember— witii tlio pink coats. . My coat was not pink, and I believe she tavorcu mo n little on tunc account. Slip gayo mq a good many waltzes in the course of tho evening, and I can answer for hor. never wearing. that.pink frock again, for I trampled it to shreds. Thero were traces of. her to be found all over the rooms, asifl had been Greenacvc and she my victim's body.". "It will bo rather a hum-drum ball, Im afraid," said Belinda. "AU tho bestpeople seem to be away." "Nevermind that if tho worst people can dance. I am on the oommittee, so I will answer for tho cupper and the champagne. You like a dry brand, of course, Miss Crowther." 41 1 never touoh wino of any kind." "No! Then my chief virtue will be thrown away upon you. Aro all youug ladies blue- ribbonites nowadays I wonder ? Mrs. Disney, 4 pray tell mo you aro interested in tho chain- pngno question." ' S. 44I am not going to tho ha!Lw J 44 Not going! Oh, but it is a duty which you owe to tho country. Do you think because you are an alien ond a foreigner you can flout our local gaieties — jeer at our solemnities ? No, it is incumbent upon you to give us your support." "Yes, my dear, you must go the ball," put in Mrs. Crowther, in her motherly tone. 44 You are much too young and pretty to stay at homo, liko Cinderella, whilo wo are all enjoying our selves. Of course you must go. Mr. Crowther 1ms put his name down for 25 tickets, and I'm sure there'll be one to spare .for you, although wo shall have a large house party." "Indeed, you aro too kind, but I couldn't think — — " faltered Isola, with a distressed look. She knew that Lostwithiel was watching her from his vantage ground ever so far above her hoad. A man of six feet two has considerable advantages at a billiard table, and in a quiet flirtation carriod on in public. 44 If it is a chaperon you aro thinking ahoutl'll take carcof you," urged good Mrs. Crowther. 44 No, it isn't on that account. Mrs. Baynham offered to take me in her party. But I really would much rather not bo there. It would seem i horrid to mo to bo' dancing in a great, dazzling room among happy people, while Martin is in i Burmah. norlinns in nnril nf hia life on that vnrv night. Ono can never tell. I often shudder at tho thought of what may bo happening to him while I am sitting quietly by the fire. And what should I be at a kali ?" 44 1 should hardly havo expected you to havo such romantio notions about Major Disney," Baid Belinda, coolly, 41 considering the difference in your ages." 44 Do you suppose I care the less for him be cause he is 20 years older than I am ?" 44 Twenty 1 Is it really as much as that ?" ejaoulatedMrs. Crowther, unaffectedly Hhookcd. 44 Ho is just "as dear to mo," pursued Isola, warmly. "I lookup to him, and love him with all my heart. Thoro never was a hotter, truer man. From the timo I began to read history I always admired great soldiers, and — I don't menn that Martin is a hero — only I know he is a thorough soldier— and he scorned to realise all myohildish dreams." Sho had spoken impetuously, fancying that thero was some slight towards her absent husband in Miss Crowther's speech. Her Hash of anger mado a break in tho conversation, and nothing more was said about hor going or not going to the Hunt Ball. They talked of that entortainment in tho abstract— discussed the floor— tho lighting— tho bond— and the great pooplo who might be induced to appear, if the proper pressuro were put upon thorn. 44 There is plonty of time," said Lostwithiel, 44 between now and tho 20th of December— nearly three weeks. Time for you and your sister to got new frocks from Loudon or Pari?, Miss Crowther. You mean having new frooku, I suppose ?" 44 One generally does have a new frock for a dance," replied Belinda, " though the fashions this winter are so completely odious that I would much rather appear in a gown of my great- grandmother's." Lostwithiel smiled his slow secret smile high up in tlio fainter firelight. He was reflecting upon his notion of Miss Crowther's great grand mother, in linscy-wolsey, with a lavender print apron, a costume that would be hardly impres sive at a hunt ball. He did not give the young lady credit for a great grandmother from a society point of view. There was the mother yonder— inoffensive respectability — the grand- grandmother he imagined at the wash tub or cooking the noontide meal for an -artisan bus- band. He had never yet realised the idea of numerous generations of middle class life upon tho same plane, the same dead level of pros perous commerce. Isola rose to take leave, after having let her tea got cold, and dropped half her cake on the Persian rug. She felt shyer in that house than in any other. She had a feeling that there she uras weighed in the balance and found wanting; that unfriendly eyes were scrutinising her gloves "nnd hat and appraising hor features and com plexion. She felt herself insignificant, colorieMs, insipid beside that brilliant Miss Crowther, with her vivid beauty and her solf assured airs and graces. Tabitha urged her to be of good heart when she hinted at these feelings. 44 Why, Lord have meroy upon, us, madam, however grand they may all look, it's nothing but wool — only wool— and 1 heard thero used to be a good deal of cotton mixed with it aftor thi-t Mr. Crowther came into the business." Tlio dusk was thickening as sho went along the short avenue which led to the gates. Mr. Crowther, having built bis bouse in a wood, bad been able to cut himself out a carriage drive, whioh gave him an avenue of moro than two fAntnrif>a' rFinwtli. anil thiin i'mnartod an air of spiirioUB antiquity to liis demesne. He felt as he looked at tlio massive boles of those old Spanish chestnuts as if lie bad belonged to the soil silica tho Commonwealth. Even tho lodge was ail important building, Tudor on one side aud monastic on tho other ; with that ngrcoablo hodge-podge of styles whioli the modern arcliitectjovetli. It was a better house than the curate lived in, as ho often told Miss Crowtlior. Isola quickened hor pace outside that solemn gateway and seemed to breathe more freely. She hurried even faster at tlio sound of a footstep behind tier, though there was uo need for nervous apprehensions at that early hour in the November evening on the high road botween Fowey and Trelasco. Did elie know that firm, quick footfall; or was it an instinotivc avoidance of an unknown danger whioli mode her hurry, on till her heart began to beat stormily, and bet breath came in abort gasps ? " My dear Mrs. Disney, do you usually walk as it tor a wager r nsKcu a voice oeiiinu ner. " I can generally get over the ground pretty.' faat, but it was iib much as I could do to overtake you without running." Hu was not breathless, however. His tones wero firm nnd tranquil. It was sho who oould hardly speak. "I'm ufraid I am very late," sho answered nervously. " For what ? For afternoon tea by your own fireside ? Hnve you anybody waiting for you at tho Angler's Rest, that you Bbould be in suoh a hurry to got home?" "No, thero is no oho waiting, except Tabitha. I expect no one." " Then why wnllc yourself into a fever?" "Tabitha gets fidgety if I am out after dusk." " Then let Tabitha fidget ! It will be good for hor liver. Tlioso. auiposo people require smair worries now aiid again to keep them in health. Yon mustn't over pace yourself tor oblige Tabitha." She had slnokened her pace, and ho was walk ing by her side, looking down at her from that suporb altitude whioh gave him an unfair advan tage. How could she esoapo those searohiug glances? . Sho knew that lipr way home was ids way homo, so far as tiio"t)cmd of tiie rood whioh led away from the river ; and to avoid him for the intervening distanco would have been difficult. She liiust submit to his company on the road, or make a greater effort than it was in hor nature to make. ; "You mean to go to this ball, don't you? ho asked, earnestly. . I think not." "Ob, but pray do.- Why should you, shut yourself from all the pleasures of this world, and live liko a nun, always ? Yon might surely make just one oxoeption for such a grand event as tlio Hunt Ball, You havo no idea how much we all think of it hereabout;-'. Remember, it will be tho first public dnuco we havo had at Lostwithicl for over so many yearn. You will sco family diamonds enougli to make you fnucy you are at St. James's. Do you think Major Disney would dislike your having just ono even ing s dissipation ?" . ' 'Oil, no, he would not mind He is only too kind aud indulgent. Ho would have liked mo to spend tho winter witii my sister in Hans Place, whore tiicrc would havo been gaieties of all kinds ; but I don't want to go into society wliilo Martin is away. It would not make mo happy." "But if it made someone else happy— if it made other people happy to see you there?" " Oh, but it would not matter to anybody. I nmn stranger in tlio land. People nre only kind to me for my husband's sake." " Your modesty becomes you as the dew be comes n rose. I won't gainsay yon— only bo sure you will be missed if you don't go to tlio ball. And it yon do go— well, it will bo an opportunity of making nice friends. It will lie "Without my husband ? Please don't shy any more about it, Lord Lostwithicl. I bad much rntlicr stay at homo." He changed the conversation instantly, ask- ing her what she thought of Glenaveril.- " I think tho situation most lovoly." " Yes, there we ore nil ngroed. Mr. Crowthci bad tlio good taste to find a ciinrining site, and tiie bad taste to erect an mcliitectural mon strosity, a chimera in red brick. Tlioro was a grange onco in tho heart of that wood, and tlio Crowthers liavo the advautago of acorns and chestnuts that sowed themselves while tho sleepy old monks were telling their beads. How do you liko Miss Crowther?" " I hardly know her well enough to like or dislike her. She is very handsome." "So was Rubons's wife, Helena Forman ; but what . would one do in a world peopled with Helena Formans? There are galleries in Ant werp whioli no man should enter without smoke colored spcotnclos, if ho would avoid being blinded by a blaze of red haired beauty. I am told that the Miss Crowthers will have, at least, a million of money between them in dnys to come, and that they are destinod to make great matches. Perhaps we shall see some of their soupirants at tlio ball. Since the decay of the landed interest tho cltassc aux dots has become fiercer than of old." . . This seemed to come strangely from him who had already been talked of as a possiblo candi date for one of tho Miss Crowthers. It would be Buch a particularly suitable match, Mrs. Baynham, the doctor's wife, had told Isola. What could his lordship look for beyond a fine fortune and a handsome wife? " They would mako such a splendid pair," said Mrs. Baynham, talking of tlicm as if they were carriage horses. Mrs. Disney and her companion crossed a narrow meadow, from the high road to the river path which was tho nearest way to the. Angler's Nest. Tlio river wont rippling by under tlio gathoiirig grey of tho November evening. On their right hand there was tlio gloom ot dark woods ; and fiom the meadow on their left rose a thick white mist, like a sea that threatened to swallow them in its phantasmal tide. The sound of distant oars, dipping with rhythmical niciiauiC) wua uuu uiujr uuuuu OACopb vlleir Own voices. Did that three- quarters of a mile seem longer or shorter tlmn usual ? Isola hardly knew ; but when she saw the lights shining in Tabitha's kitchen, and the fire glow in tho drawing room, sho was glad with the gladness of one who escapos from somo fancied danger of ghosts or goblins. Lostwithiel detained her nt the gate. " Good night," he said, "goodnight. You will change your mind, won't you, Mrs. Disney? It is not in ono so gentle as you to be inflexible about suoh a trifle. Say that you will honor our ball." She drew herself up a littlo, as if in protest against tiis pertinacity. " I really cannot understand why you should care whether I go or stay away," she said, coldly. " Oh, but I do care ; I care tremendously ; more than I have cared about anything far a long time. It is so small a thing on your part — it means so much lor me. Say you will he there." "Is that you, ma'am?" asked Tabitha's pleasant voice, while Tabitha's substantial soles made themselves audible upon the gravel path. " I was beginning, to got fidgety about " Good night," said Isola shortly, as she passed through tiie littlo gate. It swung to behind her, nnd alio vanished among tho laurels and nrbntus. He heard lior voice and Tabitha's as they walked towards the house in friendly conversation, mistrpss aud maid. Tiiore was a great over blown Dijon roso nod ding its heavy head over tlio fence. Roses linger so late in that soft western air. LoBt- witliiel pluckod tlio flower, aud pulled off its petals one by one ns he walked towards the village street. " \Vill sho go— will she stay— go— stay— go- stay ?" ho muttered, as the petals fluttered to the ground. "JJoJ— Yes,jif courso she will go," ho said to biipsolWJhjj/tyit'Istlf fell. "Does it need ghost f?omiiho-gfavcTot flasosfrom tlio garden to tell -rte'fliat ?" ' \ / (to UENCONTINUED.) IRFFfe FT - 