TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Tho enormous nmount of capital under re- construction nt the present time, confequcnr on tho colin pf o of tho bink?, is nppailiup: to studious ob j-civers niitl well-wishers ol tho" colony. 1 havo watched with oyes purged of anlf-intcrct'tlio gigantic Ëriaucinfr of tho pant mouth, and hare deliberated ou tho ninny important incdeutal questions brought for- ward. Space could not be granted to suilieicntly criticisD mid review the major portion of these ques- tions. Ono alono now prompts tho writing ot this lotter, »nd that is thosnliont ono of *. reconstruction." The power of reconstruction, píven by a wiso Legislature, is ono which no ono who desires the coutinued progress of his institution can object to. Liquidation, tho alternative, is tho lt-i»al channel down which the creditors and thare holdera can escape bad mannpemont. The effect of takinp that channel is similar to a drowning mau resorting to a shark's bick in the utaauca nf ii life- buoy. Thu wisdom of reconstruction being admitted, tho next question is whether reconstruction cannot ho carWeil too f ir, and instead of appeasing tho panic ghosts, help to materialise them and upset for many yearn to como tho industrial law ot difïu uon and safety. Wo must remember " tho strength and quality of numbera, and not allow I of any principle tantamount to Riving ! the iimn of every 1000 shares a control over-]U00 or .'.OOO deposits, or tho admission of a scheme whereby n peculiar slock exclmnpo is established for tho financing of so mi*m money into vaïueïe^ or practi- cally valueless security. Tho admission of such a scheme creates a large attraction for other bunks to elo?e their doors and plead insolvency, to be able to avail themselves of tho advantages of a reeonsintc ¡ tion. People may be so reconstruction mad that bindea j tym diem te their own terms, and buy and sell tho market. lint auch reconstruction is suicidal, and the I last state, us far as thc interests of tho colony are j concerned, will be worse than tho first. Tho key- stone of common sense to-dav is Reconstruct ; but unless reconstruction carries with it tho strict basia ! of a fair business agreement it will bo a failure. I am, fcc, 