joarmcr Housing hiow Cattle. Comfortable and roomy quarters are es sential in preparing cattle for show. Stall feeding is not the lest system for show animals. Clean wellnhaired beasts do not usually come out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a dillicult point toattain, but when it is accomplished it goes a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of the cattle shown at even our national shows beibg perfect in their coats. In"ordinary fattening for the butcher, stall- feeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not the only point aimed at the after health and bloom of the animal has to be considered. It takes afull year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for the show yard, and to confine the animals by the head or neck for that period is not the way to accomplish the desired end. Freedoin to move about, or lie down clean and com fortable, can only be afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. The superficial area required from the calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 200 foeel, c cording to the amount of out-door exercise available, and in the house each lisea d re quires from 650 feet to 8.00 cauic feet of breathing space. Caltle not intcvlded fr breeding purposes IAt?y be very lbsnely confined suplrliciaily for'the '?i-rio of one year without intjur9 to t tii boaltih; but there are mote bteeding dnlnbui9 ruihed from want of room or'exerci;e thals from over-feeding. It is veiy hard to iisjorea horse by high feeding whos the work is heavy, and the same law applies to cattle. Moderatd ejorciso at the expense of a certain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great elemeot in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the Animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thlermo meter in the barn will indicate the teni perature, and the nearer it averages the normal heat of tie animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weatther the heat of tile byre can be raised by closed doors and ventila tors, but when the temperature is raised by tile constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All under-currents or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should the upper or roof ventilators be entirely closed. nm pure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right cottstruc tion, will both allow the exit and Gntrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days the doors can be opened, or partly so, as tlhe thermaseter will instruct; and after that the only means of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of its use in cattle-feeding. The beat that can be done is to have the byres or sheds properly ven tilated and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration when neces sary. An excess of light under cover is to be avoided in the case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breed ing purposes cannot very 'well have too much sun and light, but the rays of the suit are only valuable to tile cattle-feeder when the tempernture of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated the direct rays of the sun can be dispensed with. There is, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothin", and fires, equal to tihe sunheat for health giving properties. We can produce a greater heat than we derive from the sun, but in tile means we employ to attain it the air is certain to become more or less vitiated. When we getlight and heat fro- the sun it is pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything we can manufacture. This is the reason why the lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier th?an the one raised in house with the aid of the sto' Shying Horses are Near-Sightea. " Why it is that shying in horses should be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,"?said a prominent veterinary surgeon. "It msst be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is near. sighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near sightedness, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to give poilts on buying horses I give this as one of the requisites : Never buy a horse that is near-sighted. There are, how. ever, two exceptions to this rule. It the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not near.sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. "The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. " Of all animals the horse is the most gentle. and even timid. lie sees a itrngc object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night ;s a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. Le Is near-sighted. . Horses and Their Drivers.-it has often occurred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously alffected rand shortened by the thoughtlesi action of dlrivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill,or when,perhaps, in the middle of a hill, foradriverto make asulddlen slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden bound in re sponse to the unexpected call opon its powers, possibly powers that were at Ihe time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect wovld result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of sone joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is con tinued day after day the year throughouth Under such circumstances, the wonder is that any home escapes serious injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of horses are thius rendered comparatively value less, and their lives shortened. With ahorse drawing a load. whether in conveyance,cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made what Imay callgradually, that is, the animal shanuld first be made aware of what is required from it by the voice Ire. sedin, the whin. and not the whip the voice. Buying anrios in China.-Later ex perience taught us that thb curia maq asks aboat five times as much as he is prepared to accept for bis wares. lMaking a choice and gettng your man into aproper frame of mind to see as you do, as regards his profit, In telligently occupies about one.half of the cultured diplomat's time. The crio chosen, the first thing to do is to take your man into the house, separating him from hIs fellows that he may not have their moral courage to uphold him. For the lot you make your oiler, he disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything is nearly stowed away, he asks, as if there had never been any question of it before, "' How much?" You again offer, and with a long drawn "No," he once more uppaeks that he may tempt you. Seeing you remain firm and take no more notice of him, with a tragic air he deposits the things at your feet and gives you to understand he has made you 4 preseet of them; tlhat you are a haridesed sloper; it has cost him his life's blood, but be had no choice. With an I 0 U for the amount and a deep bow be has gone, and you find your. sell a collector im embryo with tha ?n di~~ SaCmlcy c lutchtag 7oe, 