The Lost Deeds of Driftfield, Written expressly for our Christmas Supplement By JOHN S. NOTTAGE. [Author of " Our Camp at Mount Macedon," tl "Told at the Ford," etc.] PROLOGUE. t H-IE gale which came on about mid-day had increased in violence, and at sunset the i wild riot of the Straits waters was altogether indescribable. Great waves came dashing against the black rocks that tipped the horns of the cresent-shaped Long Beach, r on the pale brown sands of which they 'olled in long lines of white foam with a continuous roar that rivalled the gale itself. The stunted and distorted shrubs that crested the sand banks were r flattened by the violence of the wind, which swept the spray against the windows of Marshland-a plain, white, weather-boarded farmhouse, built in a sheltered spot behind the seawall, and looking down on hundreds of acres of marshy pasture land, which had suggested the name to the owner. " On such a night as this a fellow altogether averse to the domestic appreciates a fireside," observed Leslie Rivington, a young Englishman who had been attracted by the gold-fields of Victoria, and induced t by his want of success thereon to expend the residue of his capital in the purchase of a farm in Tasmania. His companion to whom the remark had been addressed was a bronzed and grizzled man about fifty years of age, keen-eyed, aquiline-featured, and bearing about him marks of the world's rough usage. "Yes, for such as me the fireside has charms, but I can hardly understand you being affected the same ? ay. ' I remember the time when I was about your age that a night like this exhilarated me more than half-a-dozen glasses would now." " Ahl my friend! I didn't need that reminder Jessie will be here with kettle, lemons, sugar, anda bottle of real Jamaica in less than no time." The elder man smiled. "You are too keen to-night, Leslie; I was iot thinking of grog or punch, though if you are disposed to try my skill in brewing, I think we have a good excuse. It is dull sitting here and listen ing to the eve I sting uproar. Why didn't you get a place somewhere inland ? The moan of the ocean in quiet weather gives me the blues, and to hear the noise to-night makes me wish to be outside." The Scotch lassie had her hand on the lock at the moment that Alden made the remark, and an involun tary cry of terror escaped her as a thunder clap seemed to break on the roof of the house. She entered the room with a white scared face, and had just placed logs, when a second clap, louder if possible than the first, startled her employer and his friend almost as much as herself. "It's all right, Jessie," said Rivington, smiling at his little maid. "The noise is alarming, but you should remember that when the thunder comes the danger is past. Stay here, however, till the uproar ceases; that far off wilderness of a kitchen is no place for you to-night." The girl turned a face, comely and grateful, towards him, and expressed by a smile that showed a row of white and regular teeth her sense of his consideration. Alden proceeded to brew the punch, and was just in the act of pouring the liquor into one of the glasses, when thud ! the lights were extinguished, the glass knocked out of his hand, and for a few seconds neither could speak from an overpowering sense of suffoca tion. Jessie's shriek, uttered simultaneously with the thud, ended in a choking, gasping attempt to say some thing, but her employer, who had hastily struck a match, looked in the direction that she was pointing, and a vivid flash of lightning revealed the forms of two or three men who were peering in at the window over looking the paddocks, the curtains not having been drawn. Alden burst into a hearty laugh as the momentary light of the match revealed the cause of the disaster to the rumn punch, and then Rivington left the room, and going as quickly as possible to the kitchen, returned with another candle and placed it on the table, which was completely covered with bits of glass, plaster, sugar, lemons, and fractured decanter. A glance upwards explained the casualty. The centre piece of the ceiling had fallen, leaving an unsightly patch of laths, and demolishing in its descent all the articles upon the table. "What is the lassie staring at ?" exclaimed Alden when his laughter had subsided. Then, glancing towards the window, he added, "There's nothing there, girl, nothing but night and noise." " You are wrong, Alden;" said Rivington, "come with me, a'nd.put your revolver in your pocket. This seems like a second edition of Dalton and Kelly." "The deuce 1 What is it ? " But Rivington did not answer, only led the way to a side entrance which faced the seabank, and quietly opening the door stepped outside, his friend following 2im. Crouching down as .low as possible the two went along that side of the house, then turning sharply to the right walked to the side on which was the tr window alluded to as having been left uncurtained. it In an instant they found themselves in the presence of two men and almost stumbled over the prostrate n body of a third. Rivington's revolver was in his hand. tl "" Who are you and what are you doing here ?" he asked. p "That is the question," replied a cheery voice. ti " Who are we ?" Some hours ago I should have replied that I was Hugh O'Neale, lineal descendant of Shan S O'Neal, and that my companions were Henry Clifton a and the skipper of the Waterwitch, but we've been 0 through such startling experiences since then that I'm p not sure whether we retain our identity or no." g Rivington replied by inviting them to come out of v the wind and the rain, and make themselves sure of their 0 identity at his fireside. In a few seconds they were t. inside, when, observing that they were apparently s saturated, Rivington suggested the removal of their wet garments. " I can't rig you up in a presentable a manner, but as you all seem to be of medium height 1 and sturdy build, my clothes will do for a makeshift, and we can sit about drying yours while you tell us r what has happened, and how you came prowling about t my house at this unearthly hour." r The visitors assented, nothing loath, and while they 3 were divesting themselves of their saturated clothes, 1 and amid much laughing and joking arraying them- I selves in such articles as Rivington could muster, 1 Jessie placed a few dishes on the table, while Alden I made a second effort to brew a bowl of punch, and 2 succeeded, as O'Neale subsequently remarked,in com- 2 pounding a liquor fit for the gods. None of the visitors i seemed inclined to eat, but one and all did justice to the rum punch, Clifton declaring that it was an t effectual counteractive to the quart of salt water which c he had been compelled to swallow, and the skipper asserting, after his second tumbler, that he felt recon ciled to the loss of his ship. " Then you were at sea to-night ?" asked Rivington. "Al sea " replied O'Neale. "My dear and hospit able sir, we were in it!" 1 "'Twere long to tell and sad to trace," said Clifton, " and our good friend will, I feel sure, allow us to defer our narrative until a few hours' sleep has over come the effects of our immersion." " With all my heart," replied Rivington. " Pardon my curiosity. If I had known you had suffered shipwreck, most assuredly I should not have asked a question. There are a couple of beds in my room, I have no doubt you will be able to get a few hours' sleep." "But yourself?" asked O'Neale. " I will not be one to turn you out of your own bed." '" My dear fellow," said Rivington, "I have slept under the starry skies with nought but a pillow as hard as old Jacob's many a time before to-night. Good night to you all, and sweet be your slumbers." Rising from his seat, he took a candle and led the w1 ay to his room; then returned to his friend Alden, and found the veteran sitting with folded arms, and abstractedly gazing into the fire. So absorbed was he in his own thoughts that he did not observe the entrance os f Rivington, who watched him for a few moments and then roused him from his reverie by laying his t hand upon Alden's shoulder. "What is it, old fellow? Busy with memories of the long ago ?" " Memories," answered Alden, looking up at his friend with a frown, and slightly accentuating the first syllable of the word. " What are memories to me? The few happy ones afford me no pleasure now, and the many painful ones I would fain get rid of." " Do as I do," said Rivington. " When unpleasant t memories present themselves I refuse them admittance -metaphorically shut the door in their faces." " Happy you to be able to do it," answered Alden. "But,did ever a ghost present itself ?" " A ghost ! Never saw one, don't believe in 'em." " Nor did I until to-night. But when that young fellow Clifton came into the room the second time, he was so startlingly like one who has been in her narrow bed twenty years or more-one who took with her into the grave all the hopes and aims that made a man of me- that he seemed like a re-incarnated spirit of her. Then the memories of five- and-twenty years ago came ciowding in, didn't ask for admittance, but forced themselves in." Leslie looked hard at his friend. Never before had Y he broached the subject of his past. "I don't feel like sleep to-night, Leslie, though your shakedowns are more comfortable than hundreds ' of beds in which I have slept soundly enough. More over, boy, I like you well enough to go out of my way ' a little to save you from what 1 have suffered myself. So draw your chair a little closer to the fire, and I'll e tell you what I have never told another. y 