OUR AMERICAN :LETTER. SILVER AND NOT THE TARIFF THE . BURNING ISSUE. ANOTHER LAND RUSH. AMERICAN MILLIONAIRES AND TAXATION. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, October 14. 1S93. The country is literally beting talked to death. Six weeks ago the House of Repre sentatives passed the Silver Repeal Bill, which, almost without exception, the commercial classes regard as a vital prerequisite to a restoration of industrial activity, and sent it) to the Senate. But in the Senate, not only is the calling of the previous question an un known regulation, but there istabsolntely no limit to tbe time allowed to any individual senator to explain his views upon a pending BilL The silver men, therefore, evolved the brilliant idea of defeating the Repeal Bill — or what comes to the same thing, compelling the other side to accept a compromise— by talking on for ever. This was their' threat, and they have made the threat good. There was only one possible way to discipline them— to insist upon a continuous session, day and night, e without intermission even for a senator's three 'square meals a day''— and even that has failed. When at last issue was joined upon, this basis, a western conversational athlete, named Allen, from Nebraska, took the floor, made a few 'preliminary remarks ' that ab sorbed no less, than 14| hours, and then tem porarily yielded the floor to. a colleague od condition that he should be permitted to pro ceed to the main body of his discourse later on. Tbe next man spoke for eight hours, and then another oratot droned away, hour after hour, tall the repeal majority melted away to their homes, and a quorum having been broken the Senate was forced to adjourn. The talk ing began again yesterday morning, and it is still progressing, and no one knows exactly when it will end. Such are the possible antics of a ' purely deliberative' body. The newspapers, which are nearly all, regardless of party, in favor of repeal, for the very obvious reason that they are suffering, if not in circulation, at least in advertising, from the general stagnation of business, abuse the Senate roundly, and one might almost be led to suppose' that this highly-respected body, like the House of Lords in England, was in serious danger of being swept away for good by the wrath of an outraged people. But, of course,' the Senate would not dare to assume its present attitude unless it .was sure that it had the support of great .masses of voters. And that it has such support there can be no doubt.' The farmers of the south and west, although their voice rarely finds utter ance- in any form in the journals of the -great oitiee, know .. perfectly well that the real issue is whether they shall be forced to pay. off their debts and mortgages in a currency which, by what they regard as an iniquitous trick, has been artificially con tracted. This whole silver question, indeed, has now passed beyond the bounds of mere argument; .rightly or wrongly, the farmers believe that tbe attempt is being made to do them ft great wrong, and they are aflame with passionate indignation. Mr. Cleveland has dope his best to secure unconditional repeal, and still declares that he will veto anything short of that, bat this is, of course, mere non sense, and the probability is that a compro mise of some sort will have to be arranged. Such a compromise may drive away foreign capital, but Senator Cameion, of Pennsyl vania, formally welcomed this result, for, as he said with at least some show of truth, the assistance of suoh capital had done more harm than good — a plain allusion to the English holders of the Reading railroad, who two years ago insisted upon making the mining of coal a close monopoly and then charging consumers a- dollar a ton. more than the evident noraal price. The attempt ended, it is true, in utter disaster owing to the intervention of the courts and the legislatures, and the holders of Read ing have lost nearly 200,000,000 dollars, but the memory of this conspiracy against tbe public will not soon be forgotten. As to the terms of the compromise, if made, only one thing is certain — that a single gold standard will under no circumstances be accepted. In deed, even if by any possibility repeal should be madeunoonditionaUy it would be, as has been stated again and again by the friends of Mr. Cleveland, merely because tbe disturbance of the world's business by the exclusive use of gold would soon force Great Britain to consent to the remonetization of silver. Until the silver question is ont of the way all other political matters are virtually at a standstill. Tariff reform is spoken about now and then in a casual way, but it has ceased to have pressing importance. Even its .strongest supporters now suggest that whatevennay be done ought not to take effect before January or even July, .1895, and the 'robber-baron' manufacturers therefore have before them a long respite, and, what is still more im portant, Another election for . Congressmen be fore the fatajl day of free-trade arrives. But a man with any faint sense of the humorous can hardly resist smiling as he realises that the last election should have been so fiercely and bitterly fought upon an issue which in the end has proved to be of merely secondary importance. Both parties were then pledged to an honest currency, both maintained that silver ought to be kept at parity with gold, and neither of them cared to discuss in detail how. and in what manner these most di-sirable objects should be attained. Yet, as it turns out, this was really the burping issue which must be decided before anything else of any sort whatever can be done. ' What fools these mortals be !' — even politicians, and the following of politicians. The cable has no doubt already told Aus tralians the result of the last attempt to re capture the most renowned of sporting prizes — the America cup — held now in New York against a dozen gallant Jasone seeking the golden fleece for more than a quarter of a century.. Lord Dunraven'e Valkyrie has lost to the Vigilant, but the contest was to the American spectator unpleasantly close ; indeed, it will even be matter for doubt which boat ought to have won the last race, for the Vigilant only won it— by the record — by 40 sec. in a course of 30 miles : and in euch cases it is the proper and inevitable thing for the friends ot the rival contestants to prove that luck and nothing else is responsible for the result. The Valkyrie did certainly have her spinnaker blown away, and both boats were certainly hindered by the accompanying fleet of passenger-carrying steamers and yachts ; and the Vigilant further claims to have jammed her centreboard so that it had to stay only half way down all through a fierce gale. But that ib one of the disadvan tages of a centreboard — that it is apt to fail you just when you want it most — and an Englishman cruising about his storm-lashed, rooky island, would be very unwise to take it in preference to a good, solid, reliable English ket-L In American waters, however, a boat with a deep keel would often stick in the mud while getting in and out of the shallow harbors, and there are few positions more dismal than to be stranded between tides on a malodorous sandbar beneath a burning-eummer sun. The practical merits of the keel and the centre board, therefore, unlike the human mind, ac cording to Horace, change with the sky beneatn which they cleave the waters. We have had also another famous international contest — a double billiard match between Ives and Roberts. They played on a table which was a compromise between the English and American models. Ives won the first series of games and Roberts the second, but as Ives hod already won a series in London, he is still ahead. The play of both men, though utterly different in character, was perfect, and there was a good deal of national character to be found in it. Roberts never missed a possible shot, and whether ahead or behind was cool, capable, and perfectly self-controlled, but he seemed never to see more than one shot in advance. Ives, on the other hand, ventured constantly upon almost impossible strokes in order to get the balls where they would be absolutely under control, and evidently did a groat deal more thinking about his position than, his opponent. As to the third inter national series of contests for the month— tbe Australian- American cricket matches — tbe Auattaliftns naturally took off the honors, for cricket is not mu«jh cultivated in the United States, and it was a great surprise to us to see the Poil&delphj;&ns; win one of the matches wtien tbe Australians, just eff the steamer, had not yet got lull possession of their laud legs. The wild rush last month to take possession of the nevvly-opened Indian territory luckily passed off without any very serious accidents. One man from the eastern states, worth more than 100,000 dollars, had planned a 'land grab,' had hired persons to act as ' dummy selectors,' and had brought on fleet bordks to carry them into tbe heart of the new Land of Promise in advance of the vanguard ot the settlors, but unluckily, in bis eagerness for the spoil, he himself passed over tbe boundary line before the signal gun had been fired, and wa9 at once shot dead by the Govern ment sentinels. A woman who had fallen from her horte was trampled to death, and there were ten or a dozen fatal affrays be tween contending disputants for claims. But between noon and dusk 30,000 persons had taken up their abode in the territory ; two towns otinorti than 5,000 inhabitants, bad been founded ; tbree newspapers had issued theii fateful ' VoL 1, No. 1,' and hotels, barrooms, restaurants, and gambling houses by the hun dred were in full blast, housed either in teuta or in hastily nailed together wooden huts. And if the example of Oklahoma, opened only a little more than three years ago, holds good, as it probably will, most of these adventurers will do well. BnfOklahauia has, it must ba confessed, been e ? ceprioually fortu nate, and her brief 40 months' history reads like an incredible romance, Juatthinkof it — in May, 1890, a wilderness ; and to-day knocking at cba doors of Congress for admission as a sovereign Btate of the TJnion on the ground that she has a population of 133,100, not counting 5,000 xmBaxed Indians, with property assessed at 40,000,000 dollars or an average of 1,500 dollars for every family of five persons. Within her borders 40,000 children, are now going ts Bchool, and one normal college for the training of teachers has already been founded. Is not it De Qnincey who in the 'Opium Eater' tells of a dream of the East in which vast populations seemed to spring np and wither and die like -weeds, and does not this wonder fnl jftory of mushroom growth appear like a weroBrn counterpart of the nnwholeaomu ?vision, -with only she saving difference that these American weeds have found a firm and permanent home, abundantly ' capable of nourishing them and their offshoots for generations to come? To us New Yorkers, however, who sit at the gates of the Land of Promise and see the hungry newcomers from the old world pass in at the average rate of 60,000 a month, in spite of the marvellous tale of Oklahoma, she mystery ever grows deeper how the vast incoming human tide contrives to find food and shelter. Their mean possessions are less than 12 dollars a head, but Providence kindly takes care of them. It is none the less amusing to read predictions in the European papers of coming American ruin because there are now in the country a few stray hundreds of thousands of unemployed persons. Even this number of stranded human waifs is relatively a petty percentage— say, one in a hundred —of the vast and evergrowing aggregate of the American people. But none the less the bars will soon be placed before the gates, for, as soon as Congress can attend to the matter, the immigration laws will be certainly remodelled and made ' more stringent. Already the Chauvinistic spirit is rampant in the more thickly -settled states, and in wes tern Pennsylvania alone there have been enumerated 30 municipalities which have enacted ordinances to the effect that none but American citizens shall be employed on pub lic works. This was a blow at the Hungarians and Bohemians who had been imported by the iron manufacturers and have been temporarily thrown out of work by the hard times. But the result was curiously unexpected. Many hundreds of the foreigners drew out their savings from the banks in order to return home with . their ? petty fortunes of from one to five thousand dollars each, and at least two banks trace their temporary sus pension to this cause. In a few years, thanks to the thrifty training of Europe, the aliens had amassed more wealth than their American neighbors, earning far higher wages, had gathered iu a lifetime. Men who save money a« this aetoubding rate, However, at theeaerifiee of all tbat makes life worth living, are, perhaps not without reason, loosed upon by Americans with suspicion and a dislike not very far removed from positive hatred, and some way will certainly be found to keep them away, and thus preserve the existing high standard of American comfortable living. The telephone for short) distances has be come a world- wide institution, but the long distance telephone is as yet confined to America. 'We cau now talk over the wire from New York to Chicago — 1,000 miles— and bear and be heard with greater distinctness and ease than over a .couple of miles across the city. The rate is high — 9 dollars for a five minutes' conversation — but what is that to a speculator in pork or grain, to whom, a minute sometimes means a loss or gain of several thousands of dollars? After all, it is cheaper 'than telegraphing, for when one gets accus tomed to is, he can easily talk from four to six hundred words in the allotted time, and of course it is very much more satisfactory to hear the very accents of the answering correspon dent at the other end of the line. But why, it may be asked, is a, long-distance telephone message more distinctly audible than a short distance one? Nothing can be more . simple. The short-distance ones are grounded to mother earth, while the long-distance telephone, in order to economise the strength of the current, is ' looped '-Htbat is to say the wire,is doubled and the circuit is completed by a metallic line and not by the earth. The doubled wire, too, is much thicker, running at the rate of 870 Ib. a mile against 340 lb. for the ordinary telephone. There is therefore from these two causes a total absence of the maddening burr— r — r resulting from induc tion, and a telephone chat becomes a positive luxury. The longest wire yet used is, that between Boston and Milwaukee— 1,300 miles — but there is none bnt an economic reason why there should not be communication of that eort between London and New York or between New York and San Francisco. Indeed, it is quite conceivable tbat within a very few years conversation, though at a pretty high tariff, may be had between any great city and any other part of the world's surface, thus realising to the fullest extent the annihilation of space. Monopolies have at least some ^redeeming gleams of goodness. There never was a more absolute monopoly than the mining and refin ning of petrolevfflR but the monopolists in con trol have been shrewd enoueh to see that their interest lay in increasing the consumption by cheapening the price, and this has been made possible, by the unification of the industry, to a most extraordinary degree. We have now the futures of the declining prices. In 1861 a gallon of export oil cost 61i cents; in 1871, 23| cents ; in 1881, 8 cents ; in 1891, 6 J cents ; and in 1S92, 6 cents. The quality ot the refined product has at the same time been greatly improved. Twenty years ago it was every where predicted that the supply of the oil would soon be exhausted, bus new wells have constantly been discovered, and there are now 65,000,000 dollars invested in plants forpro dncing the crude petroleum, and there are also laid down 25,000 miles of pipe lines to convey it from the wells to the seaboard, in addition to 9,000 tank cars, which carry it above the surface over the railroads. So far as can be now fi^en the yield of oil will continue indefi nitely — almost certainly long after the last seam of coal shale has been utterly worked out. As to the new natural gas wells a far less confident opinion can be ventured, but generations will certainly pass by before they are exhausted, and one sanguine man of science puts the possible limit of their produc tion' at 50,000 years. How the gas was originally formed, however, is one of the preat puzzles of the learned, and the probability seems to be that instead of simply being stored in the bowels of the earth it is even now constantly Ijeing manufactured by nature. Bitter opposition has been aroused by the appointment of a brother-in-law of Mr. Astor, now of Cleveden, England, as Minister to . Italy, and perhaps the Senate will refuse to confirm him. He gave, not openly, but secretly, 50,000 dollars to the Democratic com mittee in the last campaign, and it is charged, not only by Republican but by a very great many Democratic papers as well, that the appointment was a previously agreed upon quid pro quo for the place. Mr. Astor was formerly Minister at the same capital, and entertained so lavishly that when he was suc ceeded by the scholarly but poor Judge Stallo the AmericaD-Bomm colony bitterly com plained that the judge did not even spend all . bis salary, and lodged in an apartment over a grocer's shop. The American colony was for the most part rich or well-to-do, but had as keen an appetite for eating and drinking and being amused at somebody else's expense as the Roman multitude of old had for punem et circenses, and naturally felt greatly aggrieved. ? Mr. Van Alen, the present appointee, would so doubt revive the glories of the past, but he has had already to suffer an outbreak of caricatures and newspaper abuse that must go far to make him feel that America cannot possibly be a pleasant borne for a rich man. The incident would hardly be worth mention ing were it not that it is a significant sign of thejbitter hatred that exists not only below but even upon the surface of American society against the ' very rich.' How long the multi millionaires can stand it is a doubtful ques tion, but the pressure upon them . steadily grows greater. Even in New York two-thirds of the state taxes are now paid by succession duties, and it is already proposed that they 1 shall be increased enough to make all other : State taxation unnecessary. Congress, too, has before it at least half a dozen Bills for the imposition of a progressive income tax. None of these mulct in any way men who have less ; than 5,000 dollars a year. They are all aimed eimply and only at the small caste of wealthy men who have made Newport and Fifth avenne, the world over, Bynonyms for almost Roman luxury. But taxed alive by the Federal authorities and robbed after death by the State the millions of the plutocrat would soon vanish into the public treasuries. And the worst of it is that in nearly all cases this class of men are defenceless. It may be asked, cannot they sell out and move away? Only with great difficulty. Their railroads, oil wells, and mines could not be marketed at anything like the real valns, and the nature of a rich man is such that he will rather take almost, any risks than suffer a great immediate loss. ' The theatres aw doing very badly, and one of the dramatic papers says that 3,000 actors are now idle in New York. -This is possibly not a great exaggeration of the truth, for even good travelling companies have had to disband — often without the usual formality of 'letting the ghost walk,' or in other words paying off — and sad indeed is the lot of the Thespian trudging his way home over hundreds of miles. This is one of the results of the 'Cleveland hard times.' Even in the cities half -salaries are not an unknown inci dent, and three New York theatred have already passed into insolvency. Oar only noticeable ? excitement ? has ? been over 'The second Mrs. Tanqueray,' by Mr. Pinero, which Mrs. Kendal has tried in vain to make repeat its London euccess. The heroine herself is an unpleasant acquaintance, either on oroff the stage, even apart from her moral demerits, and Americans refuse to countenance her. The defence is that the play is a great moral lesson, because it pourtravs the nnlovelinees of vice. But Americans at the theatre merely wish to be . mnused, and not to have moral lessons crammed jdopn their throats. 