. ope ' Cohunit i. Wagner as a Boy.--Wllhelm lichard Wagner was born at Leipuig, March 22.181. 'a- When lie was nine, he went to school, where all he was the despair of the teacher who In sw structed him in music; he paid no attention ot to his practising, but seized every opportu. in nlty o repeating the melodies that lie had on heard, especially those of "Der Frelsechttr," in which had already kildled hisa powerfual iea. ie nglnation. Anelent history, mytholegy, Oreek and Latin were his favoriLe studies, al but his'heart was really in none of these, for She had a secret aimtn that absorbed all his thoughts and feelings-ho was a poet I In r, his eleventh year lihe won a prize for the best iy ioem on a deal schoolmate, and soon after ig he translated the first twelve books of the \- Odyssey. lie taught himself English, and al Immediately becama so absorbed in Shaku. r, speara that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years he tolled, and during a this period he contrived to kill off forty.two people in his drama. lie was forced to ro lent, however, mand to recall them as ghosts u in the last nact In order to have performere n' enough to pilay the earts. deantlhno he lad a left Dresden where to had been living, and 1 entered a school at Leipsig, but he Id aso d neglected hias stdlies for musical compost. :- lion, tlat hu was put back a class ; tias so diseouraged hini that he gave hiemself en. tirly to his tragedy. When lie had nearly f finlished it e linrt heard Beethoven's music. SThis had so strong an Influence over him that he determiined to set hia tragedy to meslc, Sand purelhased a book on thorough bass to Sprepare himself for the task. Ito fnselnated it diii ha beccomn with the study, that he de. termined to be a poet lo longer, but that n music should haveth devotion, o his.lif[o. a When his family learned of the tragedy,they is wer much troubled, for they felt it was the h, cause of his backwardness at sclhool; bhu a when they found him to beo writing music, they were in despair, for they believed it to be nothing moteo than a fancy, and that It might do the boy great harm. lie was not to be discouraged, howevof, and composed n I secret, list at last ht was placed under the instructlon 'of Theodore Weinlig, a man a steeped In the spirit of "Father Iach," who 1 h put him throughl a six months' study of a eo outorpoint. Now he learned and loved t Mozart, a The Boat.Dwellere of Japan.-Young people who live in Australia may fancy 0 that our cities are crowded, and that fi many families mlst live without very much b air to breathe or space for the boys to play a in. Whpt would theyeay to the boat.dwel. t lers of Japan? In that crowdoll conntry al hundreds of fanllies sprend their lives and Bc bring il their ehildrrn upon the water, and ul know nothing of the land, except as they ue make an occalsional visit to it when obliged. ru to purchnsc supplies or attend tosome un. a usual business. at In every bay along the coast are found Or huldreds, if not thousands, of small craft de called "junks." These are small, flt.botl th tomrd boats, and areownedand inhabited by ha a man and his family, just na houses are in other parts of thl world. Their business Is in the bransulortation of goods and merchandise hit of all kinds, and their navigation Is a nsort of an family aTffair. , One traveller says: on " I Ihave seen a boat twenty feet long most we adroitly mnntnged by three children all under. fri seven years of age. I am tnol that, notwith. of standing their niliness at swimming, many IIr boatmen get drowned, for no hot evergoes an to another's aidl, nor will any boatman save tbU any other from dlrowning, because as hosays, mc It is nil fate, and.he who interferes with fate ov will bhseverely punished in some way." the Among these wonderful nqantlc families ou: chlillrn of three years old will sometimes witl swim like little fish, and if one is banekward the In learning, he will be thrown overboard,and the tensed nnd tormented until lie is obliged A to learn tihe art in self defence, ma AhIl it is in reading and learning about the un, peo olef other lands that we find how touch we: "suetl [rp?luot bt, is, avi , /,?,? hrave Readet ati.sy in-i.utrtlt the 11 m 'Jops that life In 1.1he hlotand crowdled otlree tie of our great cities was to be preferred totlhat le of the junk.men on the rivers and harbors of wil their own country. en( An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. ,,e -1 had singled out As my meat na old bull with long, highly polished Iorne anil the most lo magnflicent mane that has ever comen under wit my notice, I determined to have that headl, wi and to carry It last with me o as troply. To ant single the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder he was an easy task, when nided Iy such a hlorse ie as mine, 'rt renalinler of the herd thun. the dtiered off to the west with my companions in POE full chase, anil away toward the east wentmy wounded buffalo, with me n good second, ta sending a pill into hits eido whenever he irs swerved enluglh to give me a chance at his r heart. ouddleuly the idea seecedl to enter ie, his craninum that lie was flying in a direct api line from his friends, and he wheeled about and charged me, his magnificent hod cocked Th sidewise, really to toss my mustang, lisa ail, nostrils and eyes blood red, .and the foam tie flying from his moauth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang In made a noble leap out of his course and landed me with his off fore leg in n marmot ent hole, bringing him to his knees,snapping the To bone of his leg off like a ostalk of straw and ihl sendlngtne headlong to the ground, right in sel the path eof the wounded bull, I was some. thl what shaken up, but my eyes were wide till open, and the approaching danger seemed In like a weight on all my faciulties, benumbing fol me so that I could not move so much as an he eyelid. The bull came on, his hoofs rattling tol oni the hard prairieo like the hones of the end cli mae in a 1tainstrel show. Ills hot breath elI came full lle my mouth and nostrils i one of Ti bin horns caught In tie collar of my linting to shIrt, tearicg It away, and then llt hind hoof a I grazed my temple. lUf was as glad to escape tl as I was myself, and careeredover the prairie to after the herd at a three minute gait, while mI I arose nul planted a mcreiful bullet in the th brail of my doomed lustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth n year's dawdling tI about at the seashlose in a dandlifled coat to fri amna who Is not properly nsexaed. de An Old War.Horso-.-Tie Itev, J. O, he Wood, tih wellknown EI gliish writer on natural history, relates the following true a story in hli recent book on the horse : " Souo years ago an ellerly geotleman i died, Icnving to his widlow all his property, i inclidinug an ,oldi and staid horse. It so f haplened that there was a review in tIon; neig!hborhotd, and the olu latly, who ena t ston.eldeo, drove over tosee it. During the& n mnncuvrcs a regiment of cavalry paneed her ' nalnd as they dhil so0 the trucmpeter blew on his. instrunmelt oone signal which she. fromn her deanfess did not hear. The hlorse, however,' hearl and lunlerstood the tralmpet call. Oli as Ieo wan, ha isranog elntfullnepeeul,eUllopel tl Into the ranks, nil pcat himself In line wltho Ierfect nccmirncy. The signal to charge was then given, and off went hle hlorse with hiI comtradcs. The ol lady shrieked, anul dragged at the reins to no purlpose, .Wher te threl. ment went tlhe home weatI when It whleeled he whleeledl, ald when it chargeld hlie clarged, dragging hIR cxpoititlatlng nistress RalteChint througluout the whole of the mnnmutvrets. " After the review unwas over the oflicert romwled rouilnd the old Ihormce, who orvidelntly had belolne l to the cavalry, and offereld a very high price for him,. In ordlor to make a regimental pet of him, The offers, however, were refused, ThIo world Is so nold, love (i.really can't stay), Unless one has gold, loea (I must get away), lMy heart is all thinse, dear (Oh I won't there he strife) I Aed yours shalt he mine, deal A (Oh, Lord; Here's my wife I) " A font Is a baptsmal baeIn in eburch, A isn't It, father 1" asked young Bharpbhlns. " Yes," returned the old gentleman, shaortly. " Then why Is a set o! printera' type atlled a font ?" onquired young I, Seeanosuso O many authorl gain a nlae A tlouhb ith' 