Port Arthur Twenty Years Ago. by Riegel Again I was staying at the par- sonage. On this occasion I occupied a small room over- the front door, the door of which opened upon the end of the landing farthest from the stairs. The -landing itself was very wide and rather long. Almost 'within reach of my door, on the left hand coming out, was the door of the upstairs sitting room, .and immediately oppo site to that the study. It was Satur- day evening. The mail had arrived from Hobart. Mr. H^- — ? had, many letters to write and answer and was up very late. To keep him company I sat up reading the papers until nearly one o'clock on Sunday morn- ing and then retired to my room, Mr. H – still writing away in the sitting room. I heard him go to his bedroom some time later and then fell asleep. How long I slept I do not know, but I found inyself lying awake some hours afterwards. My door was not quite closed and the head of the bed was just behind it. Suddenly I heard what seemed to be a faint footstep, and the instant after distinctly heard the handle of the door .leading to the room in which Mr. H – had been writing turned. I was all ears and at once thought of the 'ghost.' My first impulse was to strike a light and pop out upon the scene, but the thought that it, might be Mrs. H— - in quest of the water bottle or other article whis- pered that I had better stay where I was. So I did and listened. Presently I heard the door closed again, and light but distinct footsteps walk along the landing and go downstairs. There was no light. It was all done in perfect darkness. Still thinking it might be Mr. or Mrs. H – I soon afterwards fell asleep. About 10 o'clock on the Sunday morning I was at the back of the house cleaning my boots — a privilege 1 always claim when visiting my friends. Mr. H — was beside me cutting man- golds for the cows. I happened to mention that I had heard him or Mrs. H — — moving about the house, during the previous night. He stopped suddenly. ' No you did not, but we both heard you pass our door and go down stairs. On my assur- ing him I had not left my room and telling him all I had heard, he looked more than puzzled, and at once set about making strict inquiries of the servant girl who slept in the same room as the children. She declared she had not stirred, and in fact she would not have done so for the world. Who or what that mysterious per- souage was has never been found out to this day. On the Sunday evening of the week following this incident Mr. H – and I were going down the stairs in the dark on our way to the post office. I was about two stairs behind him, and both had our hands on the banisters. All at once Mr. H – stopped and called out ' Is that you Martie ? ' (Martie was his eldest son, 12 years.) Receiving no reply he asked again with a like result. He then called for a light to be brought, and although we searched not a soul was near. Sir. H – de- clared that he most distinctly felt a hand placed upon his on the banister and again withdrawn. He thought it was his boy playing him a trick in the dark. But it was no so, nor did he ever find out. \ Mr. H— had to go to town over- land rather suddenly when I was left in chafge with Mrs H–. The latter made it a rule to go round every night to see all locked up and safe before she retired. Notwith- standing this precaution, on descend- ing early one morning to let the man- servant in from the penitentiary, she was amazed to find a candle burning in a candlestick on a chair in the middle of the kitchen. Now it was utterly impossible for anybody to make an entrance from outside, as all the windows on the ground floor were securely guarded, those in the front by strong cedar shutters well barred on the inside, and those of the back with solid iron bars embedded and leaded into the masonry. Who lit the candle or how it got there re- mained a mystery. Had it been burn- ing all night it would nave burnt out; besides Mrs. H.— was quite certain it was not there when she locked up. And now I come to the last of these mysterious occurrences, which happened not very long, before the penal settlement was broken up. While again at the parsonage Mrs. and Miss Price— the mother and sister of Mrs. H — - came over on a visit from Victoria and spent some weeks at Port Arthur. Now Mrs. Price Price was a very strong-minded lady, and not at all likely to be influenced by ghost stories and ghostly appear- ances. In her day she had passed through many strange and trying experiences. She was the niece of Sir John Franklin, with who she lived before her marriage in Govern- ment House, which once stood on Franklin Square. While at Norfolk Island and at Port Arthur, where her husband was commandant for some years, she had seen far too much to cause her to be easily frightened. During her visit to Port Arthur she aud her daughter occupied the room upstairs in which Mr. H—— , had written his letters on the night re- ferred to above, and which for their convenience had been converted into a bedroom. The room was large, with two windows. The bedstead stood with its head against the wall containing the door. On one par- ticular night Mrs. Price was unable to sleep. She lay with her eyes open. The moon was shining and with its dim light just made the interior of the room visible to her sight. Suddenly she became conscious that somebody had entered her room, and glancing towards the door beheld a human figure draped in white. Her first thtought was to make a move or to speak, but it struck her that the intruder might be a burglar in dis- guise intent upon robbing her of her jewel-case which she had brought to Port Arthur with her, and that to attract attention to herself might possibly mean something serious against her life. She therefore lay motionless, but with half open eyes followed the movements of the sup- posed burglar. The mysterious figure having entered the room went through the motion of striking a match upon the wall, and immedi- ately afterwards there was the ap- pearance of light as from a lucifer. This done it then made its way round the foot of the bed to a cot in which one of the children slept. For a moment if stood looking at the sleep ing child, then turning round glided silently out of the room and was gone. Mrs. Price was sorely puzzled, but thought it best not to disturb the household. On the following morn- ing, however, she related all that took place, which greatly interested all concerned and caused no end of speculation as to who or what the ghost might be. It never troubled them again and Mrs Price was the only one who was privileged to in- spect at leisure this mysterious stranger. place Tasmam Peninsula was in the ' golden days' and if I have succeeded in interesting you by these reminiscences it will more than repay me for the slight trouble and time expended in them. 