FIOTION. -4---- THE HOUSE BY THE COMMON.. (BY THOMAS CoBB). CHAPTER I.--TRE FRIARS. At eight o'clock on Saturday evening July 2, 188-,'1 was sitting in my dining room, overlooking Tunbridge Wells Com mon. My predecessor, Dr. Brown, was dead, and I had purchased his practice, and taken possession-of his house, far too large for my bachelor requirements, two days ago. The bell rang, and entering the con sulting room, I found a well-dressed man, with a long, gaunt face of a Jewish type, dark, and ill-favoured. 'Dr. Everest,' he said, stroking his small, well-waxed moustache, and I bowed assent. '1 want you to come at once to Colonel Manningtree ; the house is not far, just across the common-perhaps you know The Friars.' Taking my hat and stick, I accompanied .him without delay. 'What is the matter with Colonel Man ningtree? I asked, as we struck across the grass. A fit of some kind. Of course, Mrs Manningtree is frightened out of her wits. I am her brother.' Passing the Wellington Hotel, we turned to the right. The blue sky was flecked with clouds like hurrying sail, the air was laden with the scent of hay; a pair of crows flew, cawing, homewards. L~eaving the common, we turned down a ;lane opposite -a. stagnant pond, and though we had left a house at its corner, before we had gone a hundred yards it seemed that we were miles from every human habitation. On our right-the path was darkened by tall trees, on the left a margin of w~aste ground was flanked by a high hedge, full of honeysuckle and blackberry blossom. A few hundred yards farther down, the lane curved, 'bringing into view a large house, standing back from the roadway. ' That is The Friars,' said my guide, pointing with his stick. It was a gloomy-looking old house. An attempt had been made to restore its grey front, wvith as much success as if a grimy-faced boy had washed his'face in a saucer. Brown streaks ran unevenly down from its frieze and window-eills; its bordering, :fluted pillows being of a darker shade, like the edging eon mourna ing note paper. It stood two storeys high, a square, massive building, looking, as rif it were weighed down by its own ºgloom. A house which looked as if the sun never shone upon it, and, indeed, it seldom had; a house in which children .could never have romped and laughed, in which you could neither make a pun nor.dare to tell a ghost story. We entered its high wooden gate, fol lowing a winding gravel drive, strewn with leaves from the rhododendron beds on our left; but even the brightness of the flowere seemed only to make the gloom of tike house more noticeable. It stood in an angle formed by two lanes, its long back garden (being sepa rated fromrthat which ran by its side by a high oak Tpaling. As we entered the house, without either ringing or knocking, I saw that that the interior was more inviting than the out-. side. Heavy curtains were draped across the hall, the walls were almost bidden by black-frametengravings. I was conducted to a bedroom on the first floor, a large, sparsely furnished room, with its blinds drawn down. It felt cold, even on this sultry July -evening. Against the wall stood a smell camp bedstead, on which lpay a white-headed man of about seventy ;years. 'I have brought Dr. Everest,' said my ,sompanion, and a woman stepped softly into the light thrown by a crimson shaded lamp. Mrs Manningtree could not be more than five-and-thirty, or about ihalf her husband's age: -in the beauty of her prime. It was beauty of form and colour, rather than of feature, whilst her shape was perfect, her hair black, her complexion wardy tinted, there was a certain hardness about her faae, not counteracted by her full, red, sensual lips. The red light seemed to shit her quiet, self-possessed movements, her low, clear voice ; there was something purring, almost .feiine, in her manner, which peon treated strangely with the cold steadiness of her gaze. After a few common-place remarks, I examined my patient. The diagnosis presented no difficulties. It was a case of apoplexy, encouraged, doubtless, by the the hearty meal and the liberal allow ance of wine, of which, I learned, Colonel Manningtree had partaken at two o'clook. 'To-morrow,' I. said, preparing to leave, 'we must find a nurse,' 'If you please, no, Dr. Everest,' Mrs Mataningtree answered. ' I could not bear the idea of his being cared for by anyone but myself. In am sure that you will find me a good nurse.' Aware that Colonel Daenninglree wbuld not require anyone's services for long, I acqulessed, and shortly afterwards quitted the house with Lascelles, who had intro duced me to it. ' What is your candid opinion T' he in quired, as I opened my h.Jl door, a quarter of an hour later and handed him a bottle of medicine. ' Has the 'colonel any chance ? ' ' He is an old man,' I replied, 'I am afraid he will not speak again.' 'Then,' said Lascelles, 'I had better communicate with his daughter. She is away on a visit to Norwich.' ' And if you lose much time,' I hinted, 'your niece may be too la'e !' ' Oh, she is not my niece, doctor. The colonel married my sister only three months ago. Miss Manningtree. is, of course, her step-daughter. But you may be pure I won't lose any time.' The next day was Sunday, and I reached The Friars at ten o'clock, being admitted by Mr Lascelles himself, who conducted me upstairs. At seven o'clock that evening I visited Colonel Manning. tree again, and once more on Monday morning, by which time he was in extremis. He had not spoken since his seizure. No professional nurse could have attended to his wants with more care than Mrs Manningtree, and, indeed, no effort was spared to prolong the life which it was impossible to save. When at half-past three on Monday afternoon, I paid my next visit, I glanced apprehensively at the windows; the blinds were not drawn down, but Mrs Manningtree and Mr Lascelles met me at. the door and their faces warned me that all was over. 'Colonel Manningtree died twenty minutes ago,' said Lascelles, and his sister pressed her handkerchief to her eyes. At their request I followed them upstairs, looked at the body, and descended to the drawing-room. Although expensively furnished, it looked as bare as the rest of the house, as if the walls were too high for the chairs, the space too ample for the tables. ' Miss Manningtree did not reach home in time to see her father,' I remarked, as Lascelles stepped forward to close one of the windows which opened on to the front garden. 'No,' he replied, ' you see, it was too late to wire after you came on Saturday, doctor, and yesterday being Sunday--' ' But,' I interrupted him, 'the head office is open at certain hours both morn. ing and evening on Sunday, and you can wire from the railway station all day long.' ' By Jove ! I wish I had known that,' he said, letting the latch of the window fall into its groove. 'The fact is, Dr. Everest, this illness of the poor old colonel's has knocked me off my head a bit. I could not leave Mrs Manningtree this morning, and now, of course, it is too late !' As he seized the cord to lower the Venetian blind,.I heard wheels on the gravel drive. A carriage door was slammed, there was a light step on the stones in front of the house;; the hall door was quickly opened. Then a fresh, girlish voice broke through the utter silence which had fallen on that house of death. ' Father ! father!' The next minute the door;of the room opened, and a tall, slender girl stood on the threshold. Her dress e? drab Indian silk fitted her loosely, her fair hair fell carelessly beneath the wide.brimmed straw hat. Her clear, ºlaughing, blue eyes, her ap-ourved lips, the very poise of her graceful figure, told that she was ignorant of rher great bereavement. ' Dora ' -exolaimed Mrs Manningtree, starting backwards in amazement as the girl stared from one to the other. `I thought I should eurprise you,' she cried; ' I could not help myself. I was bound towrome, whether'l liked it or not. The children have scarlatina, and Helena would not let me stay. I would net tele graph, because I wanted to give father a surprise. Where is heo' This ,is Dr. Everest, Dora,' faltered Mrs Manningtree; and as Dora looked enquiringly in my direction I bowed in response. ' Colonoe Manningt?ee is not-is not' ill?' she- said, the smile fading from her face as seke stepped farther within the. ' Colonel Manningtree has been very ill,' I answered ; and with crimson cheeks she turned towards Mes Manningtree. ' Why -was I not ,'ent for?' she de nmended,, in a tone which warned me that she had no great love' for her stepmother. ' sow long has myfather been ill, Dr. Everest'? A week ago, when he wrote to; sne, he said he never fit better.' 'LI was going to telegraph to- day,' said Lascelles, in a sympathetic voice; '? but wherathe worst-' The expression of her eyes underwent a terrible change; her face seemed to grow old sad looked upon it. ' The worst!' she exclaimed; 'the worsti! You do not meana--you cannot mean that he is dead !' ~'hen she turned her woe-begone face to me. 'Dr. Everest, you attended my father; will you tell me jest the truthi?' ' Colonel MIannirgtreedied less than an hour ago,' I answered, -cnvinced that a short .answer was really the kindest. No tears fell. Her lips,~uivered, and, raising her hands, she took off her hat, toseasing it to the top of the grand niano. ' Take me to .him !' she cried ; but Mrs Manningtree aFpeared able neither to speak nor to act for the moment. Deeply moved myself, I did not marvel at her evident disurbance. ~But, master ing herself, she came to Doras side. 'My darling child, you are not fit to see your father yet. It is a terrible ordeal that you have to go through you must not enter the chamber of death untilyou are calmer.' 'I am perfectly calm, said Dora. 'Dr. Everest will tell you that I am right,' continuaed Mrs Ianningtree. 'He will tell you that you ought to wait until you have rested, until you are more like yourself.' It was her very calmness which alarmed me for her;her sorrow being of that quiet, repressed, dry.eyed kind, which is the most disastrous. 'I think that Mrc Manningtree is right,' I said. 'You will bear the shock better if you rest first. It is only the question of a few hours.' As if resigning herself to the inevitable Dors sank into a chair. Five minutes later I had quitted the grief-stricken girl, 1 and was standing on the common in the f full glare of the summer sunshine watch ing a cricket match amidst a throng of light-hearted spectators. CHAPTER It.-AN UNEXPECTED VISITOR. I could not banish Dora's image from my mind that evening, though, unless the shocks she had sustained resulted in ill ness, it was -unlikely we should. meet again. The following morning I sat down to breakfast, as usual, at half past 'eigli:; After breakfast I retired to the consulting room, where patients were introduced in turn. It was after 10 o'clock, when, to my infinite surprise, Miss Manningtroe entered. Instead of the light-coloured dress she was clad in dark blue, while the flapping straw hat had given place toea neater arrangement in black. Her mass I of fair hair seemed to be fastened closer to her head ; she looked less like a girl, 1 more like a woman. 'I-I have not come as a patient,' she began timidly; and though I replied that I was glad to hear it a glance was suffi cient to show that she laboured under 1 great excitement. .Her cheeks were laushed, her pupils dilated, and she breathed quickly. 'Will you sit down, and tell me what I can do for you,' I said, and she took the chair which I had placed. ' You must wonder why I. trouble you, Dr. Everest,' she continued. 'I ought not to have come-I know I ought not to have come; but I am a stranger here. I have not a friend, not even an acquain tance; not a soul to turn to for advice, and I-I need it sorely. 'You did quite right to come, Miss Manningtree. You have but to tell me how I can serve you.' 'Only by listening,' she said, in that high-pitched voice which is a sure sign of intense emotion. ' Only by letting me tell you my story.' She shuddered vio lently, glancing behind her with every sign of terror. S'I am ready to listen as long as .you like,' I assured her, and settling myself in my writing chair, did not interrupt until she finished her narrative. ' You heard Mrs Manningtree promise that I. should see my father last night, Dr. Everest I She broke her promise, and, although I implored her to fulfil it, declined to let me enter his room till this morning. At ten o'clock I retired for the night, angry, broken spirited, thoroughly wretched. I was alone in the house with them, and-and with him. The servants were all gone. Mrs Man ningtree explained that they had mis. behaved themselves, that others must be engaged in a few days' time. Their place was at present supplied by one woman, and she left the house at nine o'clock. 'I was unable to sleep. I sat thinking again and - again of the happy days with my father before we met her-before we met Mrs Manningtree. I seemed to see his face, almost to hear his voice. It appeared impossible that he should have. so suddenly gone out of my life, that I should never look upon his face again. It was the first time I ever felt utterly hopeless. When I lost my mother three years ago I was still a child, and my father was left. Now I am alone--utterly alone; of so little account that these people even forgot to tell me he was ill 1 ' God Himself seemed to have deserted me. Useless to implore Him to give me back my father; whilst to pray for strength to bear this burden, which was so unbearable, 'was as futile. At half past eleven, after extinguishing the gas, I looked out of the window. The night was dark, the air oppressive. As the clouds shifted, I saw one star, and even its lone liness seemed no greater than my own. If it had ,bees daylight I should have seen nothiug but trees and meadows: to all intents and rpurposes the house is isolated. I remember laying my burning head oen the pillow.; I suppose I soon fell asleep. I knew nothing more until I awoke, sitting up in bed.. It was sltl dark, though a narrow faint streak of grey fell on the eelling above the window. Whilst only half awake I seemed to be listening itently. What were the sounds I heard through the stillness of the night I ' Thud-thudhud-thudi! at regular snono t'onous intervals. I listened n6re carefully. Thud-thud-thud! The sounde were faint and muffled ;3 I doubted whether they were real, or the product of my own imagination. ' Suddenly a horrible idea seized me. It was the digging of agrave. I seemed to hear the spade cut the earth, to die. tinguish ,the fall of each fresh clod. Though I thought it only a horrible fancy, I became afraid. Springing out of bed, I g?asped the blind cord to admit such dim light as there might be. 'As I steed with the cord in my hand, Igrew cold with terres. I could not have moved to save my life. My arm -was paralysed with fear. Was I going mad? Was I the victim of aeecond delusion The sounds were muffled like those I had heard before; they also eeemeld faint and far away. ret I heard them distinctly. ' Dora ! Dora !' .• It was my father's vrice- the voice I had never hoped to hear again. Theora ! Dora !' 'The cry was full of despair. It sounded as if far away, as if it had ,ome indeed ifrom,.mother world. I fell on my knees and prayed aloud-prayed that I might not go mad. But the voice broke in on my getition, and, gaining courage -from my very Ifears, I hastily threw on my clothes. Was it a miastke after all ? Was my father. whom they thought dead, still alive? Miere courageous now, I opened the door and cautiously groped my way along the passage. His room was only a few yards from mine. All was still as Leath. The cool morning air found its way into the house.; the birds were already rustling in their nests out side. The atreak of grey on the ceiling 1 grew paler and broaler. Thinking of nothing but gaining his presence, at last I stood outside his door. I tried the handle; to my dismay the door was locked. t 'Afraid lest I should disturb Mrs e Manningtr(ee, or Mr Lascelles, i.stood there a few minutes shudderiog. Then, disappbinted, I was turning away, half persuaded that the sounds were due to h my imagination, when again those piteous cries struck my ears. 'Dora ! Dora!' - 'Whether they came from this world, a or from that other of which we know so little, they were full of entreaty. What. st ever it was, it was a cry of distress. Per" it sistent, since the words were repeated, I impatiently tried to force the lock. There were other doors adjacent. From one of them I took a key ; at first it. would not turn, but exerting all my strength, at last I made it yield. Gather courage, I opened the door. I was familiar with the room. the increasing light made its contents oiwly visible. There stood the camp bedeteio-he would sleep on to other- on it lay the tall figure just as it might have lain in life, save that one sheet was spread completely over it from crown to sole. As soon as I saw the form, distinguishable beneath its thin covering, I knew that my senses had deceived me. It saggested nothing but death. There was a stillness greater and more solemn than that of sleep. As the sheet lay on his features, falling beneath the chin, rising again over his hands folded across the breast, you could tell that it covered a corpse. 'I stood beside the bedstead a few seconds, longing to look upon my father's face, yet so overwhelmed with dread, never having looked upon the dead before, that I hesitated to touch the sheet. The light was stronger by this time, the birds were beginning to twitter. At last I took the corner of the sheet in my hand, and raised it from the head, so that I had only to draw it aside to disclose my father's face. For a moment I waited with the linen held above the forehead, then with a quick movement withdrew it- I started back overcome with amazement. Surely this was not my father. I looked again at the face, lowering my eyes to its level. I examined it closely and long. Dr. Everest, the body which lay on that bed was not my father's.' (To be continued.) 