CHAPTER XX. ON THE TABU. When bbcridao and Annyt≥ arnvea at the farm they found matters in a very un satisfactory state. The hands, not having a head to gnide them, had taken things pretty much as they pleased. They had the oppor tunity to "loaf," and they took advantage of it. Sheridan, -who 'was still in the toils of Mb . companion, "was in no hup*""* to attend to the routine of farnjjuor1'-'"^ JWytage profes sed entire igp ^ipb duties; but the presence of1' Infuised a little more activity in'-g4($§rcnen, end 'the -work soon im proved. The farm was a fairly -.comfortable one. With the frequent additions, made to it, the area now comprised 700 acre s, and about 150 acres of that was cleared anil cultivated. He soil in j^j^Sfeys was rich and pro- I duced prolific Ci«psof potatoes,oats or wheat, while the whole of the land was suitable for graring purposes. The homestead was .a substantaaland com fortable one. The first owner, who built it, bad the good,old-fashioned ideas on the sub ject of farm-houseff, and the first thing he did was to lay the building out in such a tnanner that all future additions should be . part of one concerted plan. Sheridan had added a couple of rooms to the place since he purchased it, and these were rendered absolutely necessaiy by the |>ttiphase of more land and the ntunfjei of menj tteeded'to work it. SEveu with the "additions tHejre wj)s noroam z - j uwxter to the farm there -was some diffi culty in obtaining a room for hi™, and after a while he expressed, his -willingness to share the same quarters &e; the leading hand on the farm. For some days after their arrival Sheridan : could not be Induced to leave the house to search for the missing treasure. He really wished to avoid companion, and stayed at the house for that purpose. landing all his efforts to induce the fanner away from the house useless, Annytage took excursions'alone. ' At the end of a -week he persuaded the en slaved man to accompany him and point out the spot where his plough had struck the hidden box, but that did not assist him in the least in the prosecution of his design. She ridan, being now in one of his more agree able moods, accompanied hini through the bush for several days, but he Boon relapsed into his secluded habits, and Annytage pur sued his wanderings alone. The spiritof the place seemed to be upon him, for immediate ly he had breakfast he would fill his flask and start into' the forest. The whole day he would spend -valking aimlessly about, peer ing into the scrub andhere and there turning over the dead leaves, which in places lay thickly on the earth. At times he would obtain a lever and turn over logs, in the hope that something would be revealed that could assist him in his quest. The farm laborers frequently met him in Mb solitary walks, and they soon came look upon him as demented. He had. more than once visited Black burn's abandoned hut, for the place seemed to possess a curious fascination for him, and about three weeks after his arrival at the farm-house he found himself at midday for the third time in close proximity to the hut. It was on this occasion that he committed the brutal attack on Hilton recorded in the last chapter. After getting away from the place he re mained concealed near the farm-house "Tifcfl darkness came on, so -that he could enter on observed. He had *been lying in the scrub about two hours when he was suddenly aroused by the sound of footsteps on the crackling under growth and, with a hunted look of fear, he jumped to his feet and was about to retreat, when, through a small opening in the thicket, he saw Sheridan approaching and at the same moment the former caught sight of him. Flight was now impossible and, with min gled feelings of fear and satisfaction, he waited for the unexpected new-comer. He was frightened to be discovered in his present state of agitation, but he felt a satisfaction in seeing that it was the farmer who had come on him. " If he has me I hare him!" was his thought. Sheridan was rather taken aback at the wild appearance of his guest, for Armytage invariably preserved a calm demeanor. He looked at him for a full minute before he spoke and then said: *' What on earth is the matter ? You look as frightened as if you had seen a ghost." The man addressed tried to look uncon cerned as his companion spoke, bnt the at tempt only ended in a shudder. He had at first thought of concealing the gold from Sheridan, but the latter's sudden appearance prevented him carrying out that idea, and he concluded it would be better to tell him of his luck. "No; I haven't seen anything to frighten me; but, through my persistent hunting for the treasure, I have been rewarded in finding, a portion of it. I discovered oiieof the boxes a couple of hours ago. I had some difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor and excitement, I suppose I do look somewhat queer." " Found the gold!" exclaimed the fanner. " Where did you find it ?" " Down at the—that is to say, about two miles from here, carelessly planted in some scrub. I looked for the other boxes,but found no trace of them," answered the embarrassed man. " I will go with you to-morrow, and we'll make a better search. We must get the re mainder. We will never be content -until we do," spoke Sheridan excitedly, with the old gleam of avarice in his eyes. "Yes; to-morrow we will go. It is too late now." " Gome up to the house and let me see what you hare found. I am all anxiety." " I don't want to go before dark," an swered Armytage. " If the farm hands see me carrying thin bundle and looking excited it might raise their suspicions, and we don't want that," " Tou are right I you are right!" assented Sheridan. " The less talk there is the better. We must keep our business to ourselves. I will stay with you, and if anyone comes by it will disarm suspicion." "Yes; that will be best. It will be dark in another hour, so that we will not have long to wait." The two men sat down with flushed faces and, in hoarse whispers,conversed until dark ness had gathered around. Then they went cautiously in the direction of the house, Ar mytage ever and anon casting guilty looks around as if he was haunted by the ghost Of his supposed victim; and when they reached the homestead Sheridan took his companion into bis own room unobserved. " You must stay in the mom with me now, as yen cannot remain with my overseer, who would be almost certain to find out the gold, j I will make a bed up here, and then we can ■ arrange our plans without fear of interrup tion or disoovery." Having thus decided, Sheridan had a second bed put in the room, and during the night his companion showed Mm the gold he had found, keeping back, of course, a fetf bars for himself. " There is a small fortune there," remarked the farmer to his companion. " We must be in luck's way. First I discover a box and now Y.ou find another." " By all just righto, as we have entered into a partnership over this matter, I should retyin what I have found," replied the latter. " You hare given me only a fraction of your find, and I don't think I should halve tfiia find with you. That will make us about square." " Oh! ' Honor among1 'thieves,' you know. You surely would not act as you say. I al ways gave you money when you asked for it, and. what more could you expect? You will divide with me, surely!" " I'll make a fair bargain with you, Sheri dan. I'D repay you what you advanced to me, and then we can cry quits. "We will then be on an equal footing, and if we find any more of the ' plant' we will go halves with it. You ought to be glad that I Bhall be no further trouble to you, as I have pro vided for myself'now." " I don't think that is fair. I want half the gold and I will have it. X wouldn't do such a thing on you." •' I tell you I will not give you half of it," Armytage replied angrily. "You didn't give me half of yours, and you must be con tent with what you get. If you denounce me to the police I will do the same with you and we'll both loss everything." The determined tone of the man convinced Sheridan -that it would be useless to argue further with him then, and after reflecting a little time he said: " Weill don't let us quarrel about it. I know yoa are a good-hearted fellow, and I will trust |to your honor for a fpr division. Perhaps i)-morrow we may find more,and we will be c< itent." Itisvi y easy to talk of "tormerrow," butitne sr oomea to some people. Thousands ■who look upon the setting sun •with bright hopes andplans for the future in their minds, never again see the glorious orb of day illumine the world; for, in daylight or dark, that tireless reaper Death pursues his course, and ever and always the human harvest is being gathered in by the Sickle of the Gleaner. 