DIOOESE OP BA.LLARAT, (^Vsi* oim<OWN QomtpoHdent,) The oeremonies of Holy Week in St. Patrick s were oarried out in every particular, and with all tho solemnity of the Ohuroli, and were attended by the faithful in largo numbers, the Cathedral being crowded every evening. The Omoe of Ten«br# commenced on Wednesdsy evening, and was continued on Holy Thursday and Good Friday evening. The Bishop presided eseh evening, and there were also prenent a number of tho priests from other portions of the diocese, besides the Ballarat clergymen. The Rev. J. Keating, of Maryborongh, and the Bev. J. O'Brien, of Horshsm, sang the lamentations, being nssisted on Good Friday evening by Mr. John Lake, a member of' thachoTr. ,The choir, under Ufo .direction of Wrigley, rcnacred with ,iguph devotional fooling the fthjlhd JIA'AHtrs. VOn Holy Thursday, Pontifical Hi«b Mass oommeiioed, at o'clock, the Bishop- btlnfe • oclebrrint; Rev. J. F. Hogers, Beacon") Rev. D. Foley, subdeacon j and Very Hov, Dr. iMntiy, master of the ceremonies. During Muss there wsi the ceremony of the Washing of Peel, The Holy oils were slso blessed by the Bishop. A.t the end of Mass a procession took place to the Altar of Rspoio, whioh was adorned with oandlos snd flowers and evergreen* of every shsde. During the profession the choir sans the Pattge Lingua. On Holy Thursday evening an impressive lermon " On the Heal Prosenoe" was presohed by the Iter, T, Mnrierty, of Koroit, the rev. gentlemanidwellinK at •ome length on the Blesied Eucharist as a sacrament of love. On Good Friday morning the Oathedral wai orowded. Mass of the Pro- •anotified oommeneed at 10 o'olook, the Bishop being oelebrant, Bev. Fr. Rogers deacon, Rev. Fr. Foley subdeacon, and Dr. Delany master of the eeremonies. The Psssion according to St. John was sung by three priests, the Rev. Fr. Bergghman, u.SS.R, taking the narrative part, the Bev. Fr. Keating that of our Lord, and the Rev. Fr, O'Brien the parts of Pontius Pilate, the Jews, and the otlior personages mentioned in the Gospel. At the Adoration of the Gross the choir sang the Papule Men*, and during tho procession from the Altar of Repose the hymn, VtrUfa Regit. The sermon on the Passion of our Lord was delivered by the llev. J. Dowd, The rev. gentleman explained at considerable length the nature of the ceremony and devotion of the Adoration of the Cross. After the sermon Fr. Dowd made the annual appeal on behalf of the Sisters of Meroy, Ballarat Hast. On Good Friday evening an immense congregation assembled. After the ZVmcW the Rev, D. K. Harrington preached a moat touching sermon on the Passion. A collection wss made after the sermon both morning and evening, a handsome sum being received, On Holy Saturday tho ceremonies commenced at 7 o'clock, during whieh the baptismal font waa blessed. Dr. Delany officiated. On Esster 8unday Pontifloal High Mass oommeneed in toe Cathedral at 11 o'clock, the Bishop being celebrant, Dr. Delany deacon, and Fr, Dowd sub* .deacon. After Mau hii Lardship gave the'Papat ^enediotioa, The choir, under the direitidn of Mr R. Wrigley, rendered Mais, and during ^idffertorv the hymn fer Baiter, JRtsin* tilth, wai sung. , At all U* early Masses large numbers |chtd the altar to receive Holy "Communion. , „ _ _ . In the evening, at Vespers, Dr. Delany reached an impressive sermon on the SiniiUe of this Sunday, 1 dor., The hymn Bsfto Cmfi wu rendered by the choir, , On Kilter 8unday at St. Alipiua', Ballarat Bast, the Rev. Fr. Rogers officiated, a Miho OmNta being sung, Tho choir, uuder the direction of Mr, Seifsrt, rendered Farmer's beautiful Mom i»B flat. The ohoir alio rendered the Jtefi«# C«J». After Mass towswas Benedietion of the Meet Waned Saws* meat, Rn Bagere ofleisting. At the early Masi largo numbers approached the altar, v . . , v Steps are now bsing takan by a numw of influential gentlemen of Ballarat and Millbrook, ineluding a eumber ot students of the late Rev. Fr ISSS, O.S.SIM of the Holy Ghost Ocllegc, to ereot a suitable monument in the nev cemetery over hii grave a* a memorial of their love snd esteem, Pr. Brennan wns a ripe soholar and a jtonloue priest, and lie endeared himself to tho students under him by his gonial manner and kindly disposition. As the suhscription-list will close this month, intending subscribers should send in their sub* soriptions as early as possible to the hon. scorelsry, Mr. A. W. Hager. 