A TALE OF ST. BERNARD By Sister Mary Campion. fT was a dark stormy night in October towards the close of the tenth century when three monks might have been seen hurrying down the pass of the Great St. Bernard, closely pur- sued by a band of robbers, in whose hands they had almost fallen, but, favoured by the darkness, had con trived to slip into a circuitous path and cross the ridge of the pass, while the men were quarrelling as to which way they had gone. One of tjie monks was a , vigorous- looking man, with a clear, command ing eye, and in the prime of his life ; both he and a young lay- brother were occupied in supporting, almost dragging between them an aged Father who seemed too exhausted to proceed. I'hey were Benedictine monks on their way to Cluny, and bearing to the monastery a small sum of money, which, with their lives, seemed likely in a few minutes more to be at the mercy of the miscreants they had met with. " Now, courage, courage ! Brother," saul the clieertul voice ot tne strong monk, who was not other than St. Majolus, afterwards abbot of the monastery, " a few yards more, and we shall surely reach the bottom, and find some hiding place and throw these fellows off the scent again !" "Brother, I can do no more !" replied the old man feebly, "leave me and hurry on yourselves, there is time for you to reacn sneiter, x am dud a ouraen at the best, while you are young and may live to serve the community for many years. Go on, for you may yet see our beloved Cluny once more, but I never shall 1" " Siegfried here may do as he thinks best, but God forbid that I should desert you, dear Brother Willebald !" replied the saint, calmly. "Amen; so say 1," said the lay- brother Siegfried, heartily. "We will live or die. together !" "Cheer up,'' again said Majolus. " God has not delivered us once only to forsake us now. Press on, Brother, and you shall rest as long as you like, soon enough." " But it is not always God's will to work miracles for the temporal safety of His servants, and here on this nar row path there is no earthly possibility of concealment." " True," said Siegfried, " but we have not far to go to the bottom of this peak, and then, amidst the many mountain paths, they may well miss us once more." So they spoke together, the young lay Brother almost lifting the old Father over the ground. Meantime, St. Majolus was silent, and when at last he spoke it was as if by inspira tion : " Fear not, my Brothers ; not a hair of our heads shall peiish this night!" and as the old monk sank down, and it became evident that advance was im possible, .the saint added, authoritative- ly : "Stand still, and see the salvation- of the Lord." As he spoke the clouds were . driven on by a fresh blast of wind, and the , moon shone out, flooding the mountains i.. and valleys with the clear, golden light of the " hunter's moon." Their posi tion seemed more perilous than ever. At another time their hearts would have been filled with admiration and awe at the scene before them. The pine - crested, snow - covered peaks, stretching like a billowy sea far as the eye could reach — the rolling mist tinged with the golden moonlight— the deep valleys sinking down and lost in obscurity — the utter silence of the scene would have forced them to their knees with " O ye mountains and hills bless ye the Lord : O all ye works of the Lord, bless ve the Lord, nraise and 1 exalt Him above all for ever !" But % now the moon only showed them more plainly to the eight or ten robbers who appeared on the ridge which the monks had crossed a short half-hour ago. " Is this our deliverance, Father?" t cried Siegfried, reproachfully. "Is God only to save you in the way you think best ?" replisd the saint, smiling ; His ways are not as our ways !" " True," replied the poor lay Brother, "and forgive me the doubt, Father, but indeed it seems impossible !" Certainly it did, for the path was barely four feet wide, a black wall of rock towered above their heads, and below was a precipice of unknown depth. " Stand close against the rock, and leave room for them to pass," said St. Majolus. They did so. Just then a thin haze covered the moon and fresh gusts of wind soon spread heavy masses of clouds over the sky and an impenetrable darkness followed. " Take care, my men, take care !" shouted Heinrich, the leader of the robbers, "we may miss them yet in this blackness, though I hardly think so for we saw them plainly as we came over the' pass. But hurry or., and spread out across the path that they may not slip aside again ! " Why," he yelled, with triumph, " what fools they must be! Just like monks ! they've lit a torch to show ns tlip. wav fn f.Viom T — j j suppose ! On, on ! we have them !" and the mountains echoed with the derisive laughter of the robbers. What had happened ? Just this : a light, lurid and smoky like a torch, appeared some yards lower down the pass than where the poor monks were flattening themselves against the wall of rock. It looked as if carried by some traveller about four feet from Hie ground, and it moved uncertainly as if \ the road were unequal and the bearer tried to make good his footing by its light. " Now, may God and St. Benedict ' V ' be praised !" whispered Siegfried to the old monk, whom he was supporting in an upright position against the rock. " Surely our Holy Father has sent St. Bernard to guard his pass for us !" " On ! on ! We shall lose them yet?" urged Heinrich, the robber, when just before they came up to the monks tne light seemed to advance more rapidly. The men dashed forward in single file, each eager to be the first to seize the prey. They brushed by the monks, who hardly . dared breathe, and .were just upon the light when it suddenly turned and began to ascend the mount ain on the left. Heinrich gave a shout. "What's this? . Is there a path there ?" he asked, turning to his com panions. "There is one that leads over the mountains to St. Maurice, but such as even in broad daylight a daring hunter hardly ventures to climb !" was the reply. " I don't like it !" said o.ne. " It looks strange!" said another; while Heinrich called out : " Be it man or ghost I will have a shot at it with my good arrow !" He stopped, took steady aim, but the of the diamond drill. . ' The Customs made a, seizure yester day of five thousand chests, of; bad tea. ' Hobart, February 3.' Sir John Forrest strongly objected, to amendments iu the .Garrison Bill, pro- ; viding that S. A. troops garrisoned at Albany should bo amenable to the Jaws of the colony providing them, instead of to those of \Vest Australia, as subver sive of discipline. The bill was, he said, framed to. please . Queensland, which really did not want, it. Mr. 13. B. Morehead -said. Queensland had no siuisier designs . in regard to Western Australia. Sir J ames . Steer e regretted that the Council had not adopted his suggestion iu reference, to the Bill.. It was considered in committee and after discussion the amendments were agreed to- . . Brisbane, February 3. A hurricane, followed by tremendous floods aud storms, occurred yesterday, along the coast/ The rainfall in some parts reached as much as twenty inches in a few hours. Adelaide, February 3. A recent arrival named Joseph DnrreU eomniitted suicide .at the York Hotel, yesterday, upon being informed by his medical adviser that he was hopelessly consumptive. Durrell was advised to return - to Europe,' but pre ferred the other alternative: The heat yesterday was' a hundred and eight in the shade. Several cases of sunstroke arc reported from the inland districts. The usual dividend for the Proprietary Mine shareholders has been declared for February. ' Melbourne, February 4. Sir Benjamin Benjamin has paid a shilling iu the £ on £47,000. This is considered as very satisfactory by his creditors. An application was made to the judges in Chambers yesterday for their advice as to whether criminal proceed ings could be taken against Sir Matthew Davies concerning his cr nnectibn with the Freehold Banking Company, but the result has not yet transpired . " The will of the. late Chief Justice Higinbotham was' proved" yesterday. The. estate is valued at £17,500. All the personalty, amounting to £3000, goes to his sister, aiid the rest to his widow. Considerablerexcitement continues' to prevail concerning the Federal Bank collapse. It now transpires thai £i68,.000', in bullion, and securities, has been sent to Melbourne for the purpose of evading any order that might be made by the court. The directors state they were not aware of this being done. The Chief Justice, however, commented severely on the action of the Bank in the 'matter, but the proceedings were entirely private, in Chambers, i he Press not being admitted. Shares are still dull. Brokens are. 7&>. ; Tens', 38s. ; Fourteens, 20s. 