THE TRAINER'S GHOST, A GHOST STORY, '"'J,''.', BY J. GALBBAITH, (A KKW WBITBB.) The ""Cat and Compass " was shut in for the night. Tbe front of tbe house was dark and silent, for it was loug past closing time, bat from one of tlio rear ground-floor windows a thin shaft of yellow light gleamed through the falling rain, and indicated that behind the shutters of the snug bar-parlour, in a cheerful atmosphere of tobacco smoke and tbe odorous steam of hot" Scotch," Mr. Samuel Vicary, licensed victualler, and two other congenial spirits, were " making a night of it." " It's too late for Downey now," the land lord remarked, with a glance at the clock, as he leaned foward to knock out his pipe on tbe hob. '' Twenty past twelve, and raining like blazes. D the weather ; if it holds like this,4 The Ghoul' will have his work ' out out to get round the old course on Thurs day with 8 stone 9." " Not with that lot behind him," rejoined a Beedy individual who sat on the farther side of the table. " I've watched them pretty carefully. The race lies between us and the favorite, and with Downey up she s safe eriongh. It's real jam this time eh, Mr. DaviB?" . The gentleman indicated drained his glass with an unctuous smile. His exterior sug gested tbe prosperous undertaker.^ As a matter of fact ho was a bookmaker in' a big way of business, and suspected, moreover; of having considerable interest in^ a stable notorious for the in and out running of its Horses. - " That's about the size'of it,t ho ans wered, drawing in liia thick lips with a gentlo " sucking sound, expressive of inward .satis faction. ' - \ "Prime whiskey this, Vicary! Ill take another tot. -Yes, it is a big thing, and, after this, Davis, Smiles, and Co., must lie quiet for a bit. There'll be plenty of fools to cry over burnt fingers by Monday, and what( ' With stewards meddling where tlmyjvo no cauie to interfere, and the press writing up a lot of rot about1 rings * and such like, and the Jockey Club holding inquiries, n man muse mind his P's and Q's in these days. \- Racing is going to the dogs, and soon there 11 be no making a decent living on the turf. How it does rain to be sure! I should nt : care to find myself abroad to-night. " Here's some poor devil as lias, got to ' face it," said the tout, as the sound of horse hools echoed down the quiet road. " Ain t becoming a lick, too! he's not afraid of bustling bis cattle." . , \- " Small blame to him either m weather like this," grunted the landlord, removing 1 his pipe to listen. " Why, that's Downey s hack. I'd swear to. her gallop among a thousand. To think, now, of his turning up at this time of night!" The clatter of hoofs ceased, and the men sprang to their feet, . In the silence that .-.1 " 1 a .muffled alom nf -a closing gate, and the clink of shoes on the Btones of the yard outside. Vicary snatched up the lamp and hurried to the door, while " the visitors looked at each other. _ ^ i " Tis Downey sure enough," said the book -maker spitting energetically into the tire. " Now,-what brings him here so'late ? He hasn't pelted over from Hawfrbnrst in the teeth of this storm for the pleasure of our. , company, I'll go bail." i The new comer had swung himself off bis ' horae before the landlord could unfasten the . door. .. V Yes, it's me-Downey," was his answer to that worthy's challenge. " Look sharp witb that chain and let me got under cover. I'm'Stiff with the cold, I can tell you, and the mare is about beat." . ^ -r The chain and Yicary .fe^-batsirtKe'door. , . , . ..Come ib, come in," he cried, holding the lamp above his head to get a better view of his visitor. : Lord t how it do rain ! Get- out of that coat and put a tot of whisky inside you, while I see to the mare. 'Tia all," lie added *g the other jerked his hand interroga tively in the direction of the bav-pavloui* as <>-?" there's' only mo and Slimmy and Davis. . Go right in and help yourself." - Thus assured, the fresh arrival went forward, the water dripping from his soaked hat and covert coat, and trickling in little black streams over the well-stoned passage ; while Vicary, flinging a rug across lis shoulders, led the tired horse round to the stables. ^ When he returned to the parlour Downey was drying himself before ^ the fire, a smoking tumbler in his hand, and a good cigar between his lips. .'Well?" inquired the landlord, setting down the lamp with a keen glance at the disturbed countenance of the three men. ii intake it, you did not come through this * rain for nothing. Ia aught the matter ? " Matter enough," ejaoulated SUmtny. 44 Here's Coulson got a rod in piokle that is going to upset our pot." ( ^Qo^on^it^you,'' ho said dorisivoly, ». they've nothing at Malton as can collar the Ghoul." ... «. Don't you be so precious sharp, tno / toUt retorted. .' Wait till you hear what Downey has got to say." _ The jockey shifted his cigar to the other side of his mouth. "It is, this way, he began. " One of Coupon's lads waB at our place this afternoon, and ho let on to me in confidence that they have a colt over there they think a vral good thing for the Bbor. It is entered In Berkley s name the Captain, him as sold the Malton place to Coulson." ... ii' , , " The Captain's boon stony bvoko _thia three year," put in Vicary. " How did ho conio by the colt ? ' .f pinknd him up in the dales, from what always a rare eye for a horae had the Captain), and fancied him so that he got young Ahok to take half-share, an,d . lend the purchaao-trfpney into ba^a.,n' I reckon. The Coupons ftlwayr thought a lot of the old faulty. It wouldn t be the first time one of them had helped a Berkeley out of a tight place." "That's true," assented the landlord. "Markbam told me old Alick held enough of the squire's paper to cover a room. There wasn't anything he'd have stuck at to keep him on his legs. I remember him saying once in that very bar there ' I'd come from li he says, ' to stand by one of the old stock.' Fifteen years ago this very,time it was, just before the Ebor, and the last time I ever saw the old chap alive, for Blue Ruin kicked the life out of him in his box at Malton on the morning of tbe race. Nothing would Berve the squire but the horse must be shot the same night. Lord, what a shindy there was! And it it weren't like one of old Berkeley's fool's-tricks to .blue' twelve hundred pounds that way, and him not knowing where to turn for the ready! But about this colt: if bo's such "a clipper, how is it nobody'B heard of him before this? " . " Coulson has kept him dark. He's been traiued at Bevereley, and they only brought him to Malton three weeks back. The lad tells me lie has been doing very good work, and he is to bo tried in the morning with Cream Cheese-that is/schoolmaster to the Leger-crack. Now, look here, if the colt can beat Cream Cheese at a stone, he's a moral for the Ebor. On a heavy "course he'll walk right away from the Ghoul, and put us in the cart." The landlord whistled. " You are sure the lad's square ?" ' " I'd peel the flesh off his bonoB if I. thought he was putting the double oh me ; but he daren't try it. Ctjulson as good as swore the boys over, to hold their tongues, but Tom says the stable is that sweet on his:chance, they'll put their shirts on the' colt at sfcarting-prico." ?" Who's to rido him ?" " Alick's head lad. The brute has a temper, and won't stand much fooling about ; but Jevons and he understand each olhor. and his orders are to get him off well, and sit still" : " I suppose now," suggested the book maker, " this Jevons ain't a reasonable sort of chap?" Downey grinned. V As well try to square Ooulson himself. Ho is one, of your Sunday-scdool-and-ton-commandments sort, is Joyous. . Besides, his father was the old squire's second horseman, and the lad was brpuglit up in the stables. Ho 8woa?:s by the Berkeleys, aud would never lend a band to put a spoke in the captain'i wheel." " Do you know what time tbe trial is to come oft? " "About six. I reckoned on Slimmy's being within call, for thei'e is precious little time to lose. It is light by four." " I'm game," said the tout, " if Mr. Vicary will lend - me something to take me over." The landlord consulted his watch. " Half past one," be said. "Let's see; it's close, on fifteen mile to Coulson's. I'll drop you at the Pig And Whretlor You can get over the fields from Gunny's 'corner in twenty minutes.'' . :? _ " You lmow your way ? " queried Davis, uneasily. " mi is old fri6nds so long as we .don't hap pen to moot, Ther6 is a nice bit of cover at the end of the ground where I can lie snug. Will you wait for mo. Mr. Vicary ?" " Aye, I'll"bo ou the road by Gunny's at seven. What few you, Downey; can we give -you ra shakesdown-here ? " "No thankyou; I'm off," answered the jockey, laughing;" you're altogether too warm in this corner ior a nice young man like -me.: I'm putting up at the Great Northern, and shall" see you and Davis for the first time. on tho course, and not more than I can help of you then." The rain, had cleared off, and the "first pale rifts in the. eastern sky were broijden^ ing into _gi'ey. -dawh " befOie-MrT SlfromyT from the convenient elevation, of. a friendly eld6r-bush, caught sight of a line of dark specks moving across. the wold, and gradually resolving thoinselvs into. a; string of horses. " Here they come," lie murmured pocket ing tho flat bottle from which he had been, refreshing his inner man, and working him self cautiously forward ou tho stout bough while lie parted the leaves with his left baud to command a better view. " And hero's young Alick and the Captain. I thought as much," ho added triumphantly, for the trainer and Berkely bad cantered up and reined in their iacks within ten paces of his hiding-place. In a very few minutes the horses were stripped and got into line. " They will start," said Ooulson, " and take it easy for tho first half mile. Then you'll seo,. Captain, that there is very little fear but what the colt will give a good account of himself to-morrow. There they go and a good start too. The horses jumped off together, a big chestnut, which even in the half light Slimmy had recognised as Cream Cheese, coming to tbe front, with a clear lead. The soft drum of the hoofs on the soft ground died away, and the two men stood up in the stirrups, following tho dim outline of tbe horses as they rounded tbe curve and swept into the straight, the chestnut still showing tho way, with his stable companion and a powerful-looking bay in close atten dance. " There be goes !" was the tout's moutal ejaculation* for at the bend for home a dark horse crept up on the inside, and taking up tho running at half distance, came on and finished easily with a couple of lengths to spare. . t Ooulson turned to bis companion with a smile. . <. He'll do Captain. The money is as good as banked. You can put on bis clothes Jevons, and take him home. He's a clipper and no mistake. He oamo up tho straight Bockot" suggested Berkely. ~ " How's that for a name? ByGuupowderoutof lul ling Star-not bad I think." .. Couldn't bo bettor;" wijp the hearty auswer. "A few more of his sort, and we'll soon have you back at the Hall, Master Charles. I Bball live to lead -in a Derby winner for you yet. Lord 11 tbiuk it would almost bring the old man out ff his grave to know the Berkely's had their owu again. The words had hardly past bis lips when a crack, like the report of a pistol, close behind them, made both men jum]5 as if they had been Bhot. Mr. Slimmy, who, having heard and seen all he wanted, was in the act of beating a masterly retreat, had unfortunately set his foot in a rotten brjauch, which instantly snapped beneath his weight. Taken by surprise, the tout lost his foothold and his balance at the same time, made an--ineffec tual grab at the swinging boughsj pitched forward, and, despite his wild endeavours to recover himself, descended precipitously in a shower of leaves and dry twigs on the the wrong sido of the hedge. " Where the deuce did the "fellow come from ?" ejaculated Berkely, as he gazed blankly at the heap on the ground. Coulson's only answer was to swing himself off bis horse and fling the-bridle to his companion. The quickwitted trainer had reckoned up the situation in a moment, and before the luckless Slimmy could gather himself together Coulson'B hand was on his collar, and Coulson's "crop" was flacking arid curling" about his person, pftkitfg '?lit. the tenderest parts with a' scientific precision that made him writhe and twist in frantic efforts to free liimse/f from that iron grip. But the trainer stood six feet in his socks and was well built. , He held his vic tim like a rat, while strong right arm brought the lash whistling down again and again with a force like a tuife. " For God's sake, Coulson," cried Qaptain Berkeley, bold hard, or you will kill the; man."; . ;-ry-. ? " And a good thing, too,'' said the trainer relinquishing: his bold on' Slimmy with a suddenness' that sent liim sprawling into the muddy ditch. "rl know, him, and I'll have no touting^ on my jilace. If be shows bis face here again, he'llfind.himBolf iri the horsepond. Stop that row," ho went on, turning to where Slimmy lay in the ditch,. crying and cursing alternately; "and get off my ground before I chuck- you over . the fence." : ? ' " - . "' White with rage and pain, the toul. picked himself up and scrambled through the gap, in -the hedge as fast is his aching limbs could carry him. But when bo . bad'put a safe distance between himself and; Coulson, be turned and shook hit fist at the.trainer's retreating figure. :,. > ! " Curse you," he. slid, with a horrible imprecation. "I'll.pty you out for this I'll be even with you, if I swing for it. swelp me if I ain't." | - ^ Owner aud trainer rede borne in silence. Coulson was a good deal upset by the discovery that bis horse was being watched He had recognised Slimmy, and Slimmy was known to be in the employ of a party popularly supposed to stick at nothing, and and quite capable to got at a horse that threatened to upset their game. Then, again, the arrangements and time of the trial had been kept so quiet that it seemed impossible the tout could get wind of it, except from some one directly connected with the stables. Altogether Coulson felt uneasy, after some consideration, he tuouitenod liia..oii0]9ioiotio it) iffB llGfid whom be had the most implicit confidence. Jevons thought things over for a bit. Then lie suggested the colt's box should be changed, and that be should sit up with bim. " Put him in the end box next the saddle room, sir;.it is so seldom used that an outsider would not think of trying it, and there isn't many of the lads as would like to run about in there to-night, leastways not one as has a bad conscience." Coulson knew what he meant. In the box- next tho saddle-room his father, old, Alex Coulson, bad come b^his -end, kicked to death by thft.,Ebor-ftfvourito on the very ever.of*tbG^race. A trainiug-stablo is not ?tfxactly a hot-bed of superstition, but,' without doubt, a feeling did exist in connec tion with that particular box, aud, as Jevons bad said, it was very rarely used. " Shall you like to sit up there your self ? " the trainer asked bluntly. Jovons did not mind at all. He said lie did not bold with ghosts and 3uch liko, and he was sure a sportsman like the old master would know better than to come upsetting the colt and spoiling bis, Jevons's, nerve just beiore the race. Still, as there was gas in the saddle-room and a fire,,if Mr. Coulson bad no objection, he might (is well sit there, and look in every now and again to see his charge next door was getting on alright. The trainer readily agreed. He had a high opinion of the lad's coolness, and common sense, but be also felt that' to.pass tho night alone and without a light in a place which, however undeservedly, hadthe reputation of being haunted, and that, too, on the very anniversary of the tragedy from which the superstition took its rise,. was a performance calculated to try the strongest nerves, and he preferred that Jevons should not fade the ordeal. Indeed, it struck him as he left the lad for the night that he would scaroely^have oared to undertake the watoh himself. It might be fancy, but there was a queer feel about the place, v " Fifteen years ago to-night," though Coulson, "since an Ebor craolt stood in that box. It was a dark horae, too, and owned by the squire. It is a coincidence, anyway; No, I shouldn't care to take on; Jevons's job." Nor was he alone in bis ~ conclusions. Several other, people expressed a similar conviotion, notably Jevons's subordinate, who had beard of the arrangement in the morning. . " I wouldn't be in Bill's shoes to-night no, not for fifty down," he said, and slipped off unobserved to the nearest box to post a letter. The communication ho despatched was addressed to " S. Downey, Esq., Great Northern Hotel, York," and'was marked " immediate." The lad prag goipg over to the races in tho afternoon, and felt tolerably certain of getting speech with the jockey; but he was a careful young man, and .wise ly left nothing to pirnnce. (To bo Continued,) . 