\- - .Signals in A Good Word for the Crow. — A settler in Riverina, who is a close observer, writes in defence of tluit much-ablised bird, the crow, for which he has a pronounced dislike. He says : — "I have long noticed that during the winter and spring, tne crows are constantly Luinnig uvei soicks iiuu cow-droppings, looking for grubs. This year the caterpillars were bad iu some of our crops, and. we found out all. about- these grubs. They are the larva .of the Bogong moth,- and are hunted by the crows in all stages of their growth, save that of the winged insect. They destroy vast numbers of the grubs, crushing them in thcir.beaks and eject ing the skins aud heads. The grubs are found iu shallow holes in the ground, usually under some clover. When the crows cauuot turn over a log, they dig uuder-the sides.". The crow certainly does mischief among the lanibs, and is charged with de stroying the young of iusect-eating birds, but it is only" fair to give him credit for the good he is known to do. Crows are said to dig up and eat immense numbers of locusts' eggs. A Ghost in a Trap. — Once in a time Ned Hol- loway was- doiug " Hamlet" round the N.S.W. country districts, and the idea seized him that the ghost ought to rise up out of the ground for the sake of effect. On that evening Ned was the ghost> and he tried tlie new idea that night, only the trap wasn't large enough and he stuck fast- Then he struggled desperately to get out, bnt only stuck faster. By his gesticulations it was evident that someone was shoving the broad-beamed spectre from below, and'that the spectre'was imploring him to stop, but his. voice was inaudible amid the din At last Hamlet, Polonius, the King of Denmark, and Laertes seized the vision and gave a loug pul' all together, aud as that didn't shift him, aud the language of the apparition began to he something tremenduous, the curtain was dropped. After that the wraith always came on in the usual way from the wings. . , Wheat in Riverina.— -Most of the' Riverina pastoralists this year for the first time will harvest wheat, vast areas having been sown under thej'half system," the station providing the land and the seed, the tiller the labor and implements, each party equally dividing returns. The earlier of these wheat crops in the Mulwala immediate district arc very forward, numbers topping the fences and pro mising heavy yields. Both parties to the transac tion express themselves as highly satisfied with the experiment so far, and preparations are being made for- a largely increased cultivation under similar conditions for the coming season. Patti and the Babies. — Modanie Adelina Patti has told a Sheffield newspaper reporter that she is plagued with offers of children. "I can assure you I am perpetually being offered babies, hundreds I should say in the course of a year. Only.- on Saturday a fond parent "wanted to hand-:over to me his new-born twius." " Aud the week before," in terrupted her companion, with a correspondinjg twinkle in her eyes, " Madame received letter in which the writer, offered her a fair- haired baby girl to bring np anil educate ; and the letter. finished with, 'Your immediate attention to this is re quired.'" 'tit is positively dreadful," siglied Madame. " If I were to 'take a quarter of the children offered me I should have to found half a. dozen otphauages or some similar institutions." Carnage's Pedigree.- — There is- no -doubt about the blue blood that courses in the veins of the champion colt of the year. Mr.-R.- Gough, of Mel bourne, has tabulated the pedigree of Carnage, and traced the colt's origu back to 1699. The result has been beautifully written up hy a professional writer, and mounted for presentation to: Mr. W. R. Wilson, the owner of Carnage. " ;'"" The Wheat . Crop. — In regard to the condition of the growing- crops of wheat the Government sta tistician reports that on the tableland of New Eug- land and tlie district extending froih.Tamwoith to Tenterfield, ; including Iuverell and Glen Innes, a decrease from 10 to 20 per cent, is reported in the area under wheat this year, principally in the counties of Gough and Arrawatta. A decrease of 10 per cent, in Perry and Sandon is slightly compen sated by an increase of ffper cent, in tlie county of Darling, but ou tho whole a decrease from 32,776 acres in 1892 to about 30,000 acres this season should be expected iu the northern divisions of the tableland. _ Generally speaking, the early sqwu crops are reported to be hut fair to good, the har vest will probably be light, except, perhaps, iu Ar rawatta, where wheat paddocks look very well. Late sowing will give hut poor returns, and ouly an. average crop i9 expected from the north this seascn. Distress 'in the Gity. — The Sydney correspon dent of the Grafton Examiner writes : — Concerning tlie street sleepers, most assuredly they arc not starviug ; on the contrary, the majority ol them have the outward aud visible signs of being well fed ; they are indeed dirty, but they are fat. There are exceptions of course, but I speak of the meu generally. I am quite certain that fully' 50 per ceut. of this company of . men arc professional loafers. This class exists in nearly every civilised country. A census of the tramps for Germany and the United States has recently been taken, and the figures are both curious and instructive. Accord ing to a recent magazine article, there arc al least 100,000 professional tramps in Germany — men, that is to say, who have taken to the business in preference to working. It pays, far better than honest labor. The wages of a mechanic in Ger many do not average more than £1 per week, whilst .those of uuskilled laborers are not half that amount.: But many of the tramps collect as much us 4s. a day, in addition to food, and the average is nearly 2s. Repeatedly they have said, " Why should we work when'we can .make a better- living by beggiug." In: America tramps are equally suc cessful. A large proportion of the Sydney loafers get plenty of-food, and with the money given them by soft hearted citizens they procure " lash ins" of beer and tobacco. Dentistry.— G. H. Webb, D.D.S., R.D.S., Snr> geou Dentist, of High-street, West Maitland, visits Glen Innes the 2nd and 4th Tuesday in each mouth, when he may be consulted at M'Cormack's, Tat tersall's Hotel, from 9 a.m. till 9 p.m. Artificial- Teeth. Latest improvements. " Teeth 'filled with gold. Painless extraction hy g-is. Date of next visit, 5th December (for one day only). — Advt. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, is, as statistical returns prove, the largest institution- of the kind in the world. To mark the completion of it's first half century's business it has introduced new and desirable forms of life and investment policies, which are being- exten sively issued. As will he seen by advertisement in another column, Alderman Healey, J.P., has been appointed' agent of 'the company for Glen Innes and district. Lawn Tennis as a Christian Pastime. — A great many people who do not play tennis) consider it a mild game. .1 (" Woomera") have myself come to consider it not exactly as child's play, but a pas time largely affected by. men with shapely calves and women with small feet. Its Christian charac teristics have only-lat'ely been discovered. A Mel bourne clergy man, whose degree should he for music, but may be for. divinity, was staying on a Queensland ruti lately. " How do you put iu Sun day ?" he as"ked) when that horesome day for. coun try folk' came round.- " Well, we usually play cricket," said .the mahager ; " butrwe thought yoh mightn't like 1U so_ "we've .decided to have tennis instead.'' "Right,;" said the. divine ; ." and I'll score for you !" . ' Statistics of bankruptcy in England show that during the first half of this yeari-40 per cent more farmers became hnulrrnpt than fwo; years ago, . the average, beiug one- farmer for every, working day in ., the -yea'r. . : ; 