SCENE ; IN THE FOUR COURTS, ; DUBLIN. Mr. Pjercb , Mahoky • Assaults Mb. Matt Kenny, M.P. ' l;: . OjN Tuesday, January 24, an extraordi nary; Scene took place in thehallof the Four Colirts, the outcome1 bf an attack made by Mr. jftf. Kenny, B.L.V M.P., Against Mr. Pierce ;Mahony1s mother in a speech de livered at a Whig meeting on Sunday. On Tuesday the observation of Mr. Kenny was reported in the Independent, and on the afternoon of the same day he was at tacked by Mr. Mahony while passing through the hall of the Four Courts. Mr. Kenny, dressed in wig arid gown, was making his Way through the hall to the library, , when Tie .was suddenly accosted by. Mr. Mahony, iwho said, " How dare you insult toy mother ?" ' Mr. Kenny making nb reply; Mr. Mahony raised his arm and struck him a blow in the eye, and instantly closed With him. A violent scuffierensqed. j. Aftey some time ;a police constable came jup; and,; on the order of Mr. Kenny, took-Mr. Mahony into cus tody. ,: The latter admitted the assault.. There was but the one blowetruck, and its effect,nn Mr. Kenny's eye was easily discernible. Almost immediately his face began to swell, and when he reached the quadrangle outside the hall of it was noticed that the eye had almost closed. The following,: is the portion of the speech made by Mr. Kenny at Moynalty in which he referred to Mr. Mahony's mother— "Mr. Pierce Mahony was gone to t)ru meonrath With five hundred peelers.' He heard they called Mr; Mahony a Kerry Souper; but that was.not half, of it. Tliey, were not -aware that his (Mr. Ma hony's) mother was a Hindoo. He did not care'2d. about Pierce himself'being a Souper,, but all > belonging to him were Soupeps. Mr. Gihneywas a man amongst them,; but the Parnellites asked, them to elect as a representative a shoneen on-the shaughrauni ■ . He,, (Mr. Mahpny) dared not - live in .has own cpuntry; When he was a member for Meath he spent his time by -jobbing Kerry cows in England. As he had said,Mr, ; Mahony -was a ,' qross'-be tween a Kqny Souper and a Hindoo wo man., .They ??oi4di?bPth^t cross, pppiipg oqtin jtfte -.shapejo^his,head;; ;If; they sept Pierpe Mahony to, We§iminsteti £hoy . He would byfc ip the, Etist .Indies. . That's Pieroe.Mahony ap.d, that*6 his Tweed, seed, and genera^ tmil.'',J. -- v. -j.,; C ,*;,. Mr. Mahony, .later Itl the'.day, Was charged at ^he Police -^4 •tThe.. rmurti'wes: crowded* >md;the case excited extraordinary interest*. 1 iThecase haying heeui toUed,Mr;pealy,'Mi P;,-^ose and stated the 6ase for the complainant, and in thecourse of his speech declared that the assault Ayas premeditated and that MK'MkhonJ^^boMbdbrateS'ihljhe Sirprk'/1 Kenpy's, offensive words taken into evi . dence, • and uhinmtely gOtwitness to ad fj^Tsr?^^ft ^ Mi*.Mahony Was a cro^ Tbetweeh ii j£eriy Souper and a Hinddo woman^" " ' .. Mr. O'Shaughnessy, Q.C., who was pre sent; when the assault took pl^ce, was also e^pirapd»ai?d oc curred •^ejbween.hipi andlttr. Healy, M.P. Mr, Redjuppd,,.M?E.,/jvas -also examined. fffybpny.-wasj- forr»aUy/«ioniinitted for jthe Cpqnnqn Sitting; on February p, in £|o,and another ^UJP°UUtr M'y.. il .. ' The ■ EDDCA-TnoN Question^— Ohief Baton Phlles, 'with that. grit which has distihgpfehed him through life, has brdught 'tnfe cause of Oatholic education in* the fprimary schools of Ireland to a successful' issue. In' October last he suc ceeded' in carrying a resolution at a-meet ing of the Commissioners of National Education by which, in districts where a Protestant and a Catholic school existed, the latter! Should be no longer debarred from the benefits of the National Educa tion System. A tremendous, howl , was set up at this, and Mr. Morley, whose sanction was required before the hew rule could be promulgated, sent back the re solution for further consideration. The principal objection raised was that in dis tricts where Protestant children were in a small minority, and their schools inefficient, they might be tempted to attend -the more efficient school Under Catholic mana gement, and their religious convictions be thus tampered with. This has now been met by deciding that the Chief • Baron's resolution shall Operate only in districts where the average attendance at the Pro testant schools is thirty- five, the number which entitles it to a first-class teacher. There can be 110 further obstacle placed in the Way, and the excellent Order of the Christian Brothers, which has so long had to depend on the generosity of the people, will in future Obtain from the au thorities their fair share of the moneys devoted to educational purposes. The Danes and Ireland.-—.T. Petrie Byrne, who is writing his travels and ad ventures in the great ice world, has the following passing note about Denmark " The bulk of the inhabitants of Denmark are in comfortable circumstances. The middle ranks dress well—the ladies some what gaudily, In the museum I handled the old battle-axes, spears, and 6hort swords which the Danes, fought my an cestors with on many a gory field in Green Erin.' Before I left Denmark I travelled to Elsinore to see Hamlet's grave. There seems to be a very ancient connection be tween ^Denmark: and • Ireland; Students of Shakespeare wilKrecollect the scene between Horatio and Hamlet in that sub lime tragedy play "— Horatio—There is no offence, my lord. Hamlet—Yes, by St. Patrick, but there is, Horatio, And much offence, too. I did not see Hamlet's ghost. Genuine Autonomy.—Mr. Asquibh, the Home Secretary in Mr.' Gladstone's Administration,*; referring to the Home Rule Bill before its' introduction, said :— " The- self-government which is to be granted to Ireland must be a real and genuine autonomy; In the next place, the ultimate supremacy of the Imperial Parliament must be visible and effectually maintained. Subject to these conditions, in ray judgment, 'Home Rule —-your measure of Home Rule—should be * as large, as generous, and as ample as states manship can devise. '1 We do not want an Irish Legislature which is manacled with saving, clauses. and throttled ; with: provi sions.; 1 We want,'if we Can, to'bring into existence a living body which can stand on its' own feet and walk on itp Own legs, aiid'iiob some ' mechanical ' puppet stuffed with constitutional sawdust and pUlled with wires from thiazide of. St. George's Channel." The TEish Party. —The following cir cular has been addressed to the members of the Irjsh .party" London, January 19,1893. ' Dear sir—Parliament opens on the thirty-first of~tbis' month, a session which is hkhly to be more momentous to th.e.lNational: interests of Ireland .than jany -,pther,jS,essip^i. wMphihas hppn called together lhoiir rime. The very first day ina^ he' blfe,rgedfJmth controversy Of the utmOBt bhpoA fcolteliind;1 L therefore; hope and expect tb aeeyou in your place jq ,the jatouse,, of .Commons qq Tuesday, th^^lsi ii^t^Veiy^te^y.^pfirSj Justin '' MR.' hloRfcEf haS' taken "atiother 'fetOp iii ' the-direction .of popularising qjfrblic instir tutiqns }jft iretend> strong. national-element into the asymm at'Cdr'k^ Limerick, andT)eny. * Jq Coih: ^teri pojiilafc ihagihttatbs have hofeii added; ipihe board: of; goveriiors of i Hie looali-q^ylpqa and eighbr ^<qieBjlfift^oofc-' fib Michael Davitt.—The experience of Mr. Michael Davitt in. parliamentary elec tions is unique. In February, 1882, Mr. Davitt was returned for the County of Meath, which was then an undivided con stituency, without opposition. The elec tion was, however!, declared void, by the House of Commons on the ground that Mr. Davitt was a "convicted felon." Sir. Davitt was sentenced in 1870 to fif teen years' penal servitude on a charge of Fenianism, He was released in December, 1877, pn ticket-of-leave. In February, 1881, hjaticket-of-leave was forfeited for the part he had taken in the land agita tion, and he was re- arrested. The news of his re-arrest created a scene in the House of Commons, which caused the suspension of Mr. Parnell, Mr. Dillon, and twentyr-nine Irish , members. Mr. Davitt was elected for Meath while still in prison/ He was released from Port land on May 6, 1882, the day of the as sassination of Lord F. Cavendish in the Phoeiiix'Park. In the present parliament Mr. Davitt sat side by side with Mr. Blake on the third' bench below the gang way on the Opposition side. They walked together through the closely-packed divi sion lobby, and were conspicuous by their adoption of slouched hats instead-of the silk " tilers" which are parliamentary regulation head-gear. 