The Empress of the League OHAITEK VI Mr. Varley, für Gi-ofíry Charteris' valet and fac- totum, anil major-domo in the baronet's town residence, (Irosvenoi-square, wa? by no means devoid of courage ; but the conten ti of the note he was reading in the hall one fine morning narly in May nero sufficient to put to flight for the moment any vengeful schemes he was harbouring against the wily gentleman who had jost quitted the honee, and that gentleman no less a person than onr old friend Le Gautier. Timothy Varley was an Irishman, ond had been in his youth what is termed a patriot. In hi* hot blood, bo bad even joined a League for the " re- moval of tyrants j" but the League, in spite of it« sol oran form of binding oaths, had died a natural doath. At time*, however, the recollection of it troubled Mr. Varley'* con«cicnce sorely. It wa« destined to be brought to his mind now in a start- ling manner. "G. S, I. You will Wo at the corner of Chapel Plaoo to-night at nine. A girl will meet you, and »how you the wny. You are wanted j your turn ha« come. Do not fail.-Nrmiisu XI " i Never did IJob Acre«, in that celebrated comedy, "The Rivals," feel the courage oozing from bin finger-tip« as did Timothy Varley now. He turned the missive over in ht« finger«, but no consolation wa« to be derived from that ¡ and bitterly did he revile the juvenile folly that had placed him in such a position at thi* tim« of life " It is no sham," he muttered to himself. " God save Ireland-that i« the old countersign | and to thick of it turning np now ' I had forgotten the thing year« ago. Thi» come* of joining secret i ?ocietie« - a nice thing to bring a respect- able family man to ! Kow, by the power» ' who was number Eleven ! That Used to be Pat Mahoney i and a mighty ma&turful; man he wa«, always ready with hi* hand* if anything croaeed him. 0 dear, O dear ! this 1J a pretty thing. Maybe they want to mix me up with dyna- mite ¡ but if they do« I won't da It, and tbet's flat. I «uppose I »hall have to go." Giving rent to these words in a doiuful tone of voice, be betook himself to his private sanctum. His «piriU were remarked to be the reverie of chfterful, and he declined a glosa of sherry at lunch, a thing which roused much «peculation below »tain. Punctual to the moment, Timothy Varley stood in Chapel Pla*», waiting for his unknown guide Just as he was beginning to imagine the affair a hoax, and congratulating himself tnereon, a woman passed him, «toprM-d, »qd walked in hi« direction again. " God «ave Ireland!" «he «aid as she repa»»ed. " Amen, not forgetting one Timothy Varley," he returned pïotuly. " It I* well," the woman replied calmly, " that you are here. Follow me ?" *' With the greatest of pleasure. Bat hard here j my leg» are not ao young a« youri ; if we are going far let us have a cab, and I'll «tanti the damage." " There i« no occasion," the «tranger said in a singularly »weet voice. "We have not a great distance to travel. " Kot good «tough to ride in the same carriage with a gentttmaa's gentleman," Varley muttered. for he did not fail to note Ue atrangsr's refined tone a. Hi« guide led him atong Tottenham Court Road, ¿uid thence to Fitxroy Square. Turning into a little side-street, «he reached at length a door, at which she knocked. In a room on the flrat floor, Isodore and Valerie le Gautier wsro seated, waiting the advent of Lucrec« and the stranger. Varley bogan to feel i bewildered in the presence ¿f ao much l»eauty and i grace i for laodore'a Iovelinea* overpowered him, M it did all men with whom «he sam« in contact.«* Scarcely deigning to notice hi« presence, «he motioned him to a chair, where he «at the picture of discomfiture, all trace« of the audacious Irishman having disappeared. " Your name is Timothy Varley ?" Isodore said. " Ye«, miss ; leastways, it was when I carne here, though, if you were to telJ me I wai the man in the moon, I couldn't say nay to you." " I know you," laodore continned. " Yon *r?r« ' born near Mallow, joined the United I'rotherhood thirty years ago, and your If umber waa Twenty-«^!. If I am wrong, yon will please correct mc." " For goodness" snke, miss, my lady, I rm-an - don't »peak ao lond. Think what might happen to me, if any one knew !" "No wonder your countrymen fall, with such ' chicken-heart« among them," Isodore observed soornfully. *' I do not want to io yon any harm ; quite the contrary. There is an advertí -»ement in to-day'a T»m«ji. Your mistress ia in search of a maid. Is that so ? Timothy Virley began to breathe a little more freely. " Yes," he answered glibly, "«he does want a maid. She most be honest, «ober, and indus- trious j ready to sit up all night if necesaary, and have a good temper-not that Mia« Enid will try anyone'« temper much. The last girl wai dis- charged-" " New, Mr. Varley, I know a girl who must fill that vacancy. I do not wish to threaten you mr hold any rod of terror over your head . but I «shall depend upon you to procure it for roy prot/gé." The conversation apparently was not going to be so pleasant. Timothy Varley*» mind turned feebly in the direction of diamond robberies. " Well, mis«-that is, my lady-if 1 may make BO Dold aa to ask yon a question ¡ why, if the matter ia ao «implo, don't yon write to my yonng mistress and «ettie the matter thyt way ?" " Impossible," Isodore replied, " for reasons I S cannot enter into with you. You must d-> what I ask, and that speedily. You have a certain Mon- sieur le Gautier at your honae often ?" The question wa« BO abruptly aiked, that Varley could not repres« a start. " We have," he growuul -" a good deal too often, to plea«e me. My master dare not call his body his own «ince he first began to come to the house with his sign« and manifesta- tions. You aee," ho explained, " servant ara bound to hoar these things." " At keyhole« and «rich places," Isodore smiled. '' Yes, I understand such things do bapoen occa- sionally. So this Le Gantier is a spiritualist, is he ; and Sir Geoffrey is his convert ?" " Indeed, you may say that," Varley burst 'mt in tonee of great grievance. " The baronet sec« visions and all sort« of things" " Ia it po«sib«le," Valerie whiipired to her frbmd, "that Hector has really succeeded in gaining an influence over this Sir Geoffrey by those miserable trick« he played so suenes«/ully at Bom*?" " It ia very probable," Inodoro mnrmute.d in reply. "Thi« Sir Geoffrey is very weak in Intellect. ' Tell me, Mr. Varley," she continued, tnrning in his direction, " doe« the baronet keep much of Monaieur le Gautier'« company ? Does he visit at hi» room« ?" "1 believe he doe«) anyway, he goo« ont at night«, and always come« back lacking »a if be had pá aeen a ghost. Whatever hi» game may be-and \\-í snre enough, there ia some game on-it's killing * him by inches, that'« what it'« doing." " And this change you put down to Le Gautier ? Perhaps yon are right And now, another question. I« not there another reason, another attraction beside* discussing «piritualisra with Sir Geoffroy, . that takes him to Grosvenor 8quare ?" Varley «o far forgot himself aa to wink ¡m pre*sively. " You might have made a worsu guesa than that," be said. " I am not the only one who can see what his designs are. Miss Enid i* the great attraction." " And she ?" " Hates hiro, if hxiks count for anything. »Vnd so do I," he continued i " and so do all of m, for the matter of that I would give a year's «»liry to see his back turned for good '" " Mr. Varley," Isodore said, in grave ton««, " I «ent for you here to work upon your fears, and to compel you, if necessary, to do ray bidding. That, I see, is not necessary, for wo have a common bond of sympathy. For rearons I need not state here, we have good reaaons for keeping a watch over thi» Le Gautier ¡ but rest assured of one thing-that he will never wed your mistress I shall hold yon to secrecy. And now, you must promise to get my I protégé tbi« «ituatlon." " Well, I will do my best," Varley replied,cheer- . 1 fully. " But how it is going to be done, I really J^^ can't «ee." %. ! "Irishmen are proverbial for their inventive powers, and doubtless you will discover a way. The new maid i« a French girl, remember, the daughter of an old friend. Perhaps you would like to BOC her ?" With a gesture she indicated Lu- crèce, who came forward, tnrning to the Irishman with one of her moat dazzling smiles. The feeling of bewilderment came on again. ( " She !" ho criod ; " that bcautif ul young lady a servant ?" " When she is plainly dressed, as suitable U> her lowly station, «be will appear different." " Ah, yuu ruay pull the leaves from the flower», hut the baauty remains to thom »till." Varley replied, waring poetical. " However, if it moat be. it munt i ml will do my beet." Varley'e diplomacy proved successful, for a w»>ek later Lucrèce was installed at Grosvenor Square. (To be confinuiil ) 