BENDIGO CHRISTIAN CONVEN TION. The undenominational Christian convention arranged by the Bendigo Ministers' Association, and commenced on Monday, was resumed yes terday at the Forest- street Wesleyan Church. The Rev. John Watsford conducted the con vention as before, and each sitting was largely attended, especially that in the evening, when the church was filled. In addition to the ministers of this city there were a unmber of visitihg clergymen present. At the first sitting of the convention, addresses were delivered by the Revs. E. H. Ellis and Joseph Ross, the subject of their addresses being-"Power for service or the need of the church," which was also the subject of deliberation at eacli succeed ing session. In the afternoon the Revs. A. Yule and E. C. Isaac delivered addresses. In the evening the Rev. 1. Copeland, in addres sing those present, said that Christians who de sired to properly serve God required to devote themselves wholly to His service. They required to exercise an unwavering faith in God's almighty power. They needed to allow Him to govern their actions, and to allow their wills and their desires to be moulded and con trolled by God. God would prompt them as to the manner in which they should perform His work, and they had merely to proceed in that work without questioning the method. If they were in the service of an earthly employer they had to carry out that employer's commands, 110 matter how foolish they might seem. They were, however, in the service of the Heavenly King, who was all wise and all powerful. He made no mistakes, and would eventually triumph. Prayer was also needful in the fight for God, and that prayer should be accompanied by faith. It behoved Christians to devote themselves to prayer for the blessing of God upon the church and its work, and it would surely come. The Rev. John Watsford in the course of an earnest ad dress said the power for service was the Holy Ghost. Without God's presence and blessing the work of the church could not prosper, and if the work were carried on with the single de sire to advance the kingdom, God's countenance would be vouchsafed. The power of the Holy Ghost would descend to the hearts of God's people, filling them with the desire to work for God. Prayer was the medium by which that power was to be obtained, and prayer had to be supported by faith in God's promises. Machinery could not proceed without a motive power, but when tha motive power was applied the whole plant moved in unison. The work of the church proceeded by a motive power-the Holy Ghost, and he exhorted all to engage in earnest prayer to God for a mighty and speedy visitation that His work might receive a new impetus. The convention will be resumed this morn ing. 