III. I determined to force my way into the Grange that night. t Devoured alike by the love and curiosity my'state of mind was favourable to the enterprise. That it was a desperate one I gathered from the hints thrown out by Lady Selwyn. The half hysterical life of the past two weeks, in place of destroying my nerve, had screwed up my courage to a point of reckless daring. I knew that such artificiality would sooner or later collapse, bat before the collapse came I swore to discover the secret of the red star. Of Buch resolve I told no one, not even Ruth, but making some trivial excuse for taking a walk, strolled up to the morass, which formed BO effective a defence to The Grange. In the soft June twilight the sullen marsh spread its sliminess before me. The inky pools, the un- healthy green of the vegetation, the grave-yard richness of the monld, all filled me with repugnance. It was like a grave, and for aught I knew might be mine, seeing that I was ignorant of the secret crossing. Lady Selwyn had guided her steps by the white stones, BO for such landmarks I looked. They dotted the blackness irregularly, but by following their eccentric curvings I made sure to arrive safely on the other side. I am not religious, but as I shivered on the edge of that possible grave and noted the evil gleam of the red star, I put up a hurd ed prayer for protection. Thenlsetacautious foot on the spot indicated by the first stone. The treacherous ground quivered like a jelly as the black bog water oozed sluggishly round my feet. Prudently trying every resting place in advance with my stick, t sprang from one stone to another, ever feeling the quaking of the quag- mire. There was no sign of life about the house, and though I half expected Lady Selwyn to issue forth with warning cries, she did not make her ap- pearance. Several times my heart was in my mouth as I slipped on the spongy soil ; but in the end I was safely across, and found myself on firm ground. I now stood fairly committed to the adventure, for the morass was my Rubicon, yet for the moment I felt qualmish. My body counselled retreat, but my soul inclined to pushing forward in the teeth of danger. Urged on by this desire, I marched boldly towards the low brick wall of the house. It ran the whole length of the facade, and the rusty iron gate in the centre was closely barred. By looking through the narrow railings I could catch a glimpse of the front door. It stood wide open, as though Lady Selwyn deemed the morass a sufficient protection from the outside world; so seeing that there waa but one obstable to over- come, I plucked np heart. One portion of the dilapidated wall afforded perilous foothold. On this I took advantage, and not without some abra- sions of the knees, managed to clamber over. I then found myself directly under the red eye of the tower. It seemed to my distempered fancy to follow my movements in a Btealthy manner, but undaunted by the bogey of superstition, I hurried forward to the open door. Within was a mighty hall, with a wide staircase ascending into npper glooms, and so ghostly did it look that for the moment my spirit quailed. On recollecting, however, that the house waa but I tenanted by two weak women, I felt ashamed of my momentary panic, and stole to the foot of the stair- case. I did not know in which portion of this vast place Lady Selwyn resided, but judging that she would live above the unwholesome miasma of the morass, I decided to seek her on the first floor. Just as I placed my foot on the stair, I heard ! the noise of descending feet, and had barely time to draw back into the shadow, when a woman appeared on the landing. It was not Lady Selwyn, but her servant, going, as I judged from the basket on her arm, to the inn for provisions. She glided past like a ghost, and having unlocked the iron gate, crossed the morass with an air of confidence which showed her to be thoroughly conversant with the dangerous way. The gate wa3 left wide open, BO here, if I chose to take it, was my chance of retreat; but I waa bent upon accomplishing my desire, and, giving myself no time for coward reflections, rapidly mounted the stairs. 'ihrongh the dingy windows filtered the doubtful light, creating within an atmosohere rather less luminous than that which was without. Still when my eyes became accustomed to the semi-gloom I managed to get about with considerable ease, but where I went I do not know to this day. My sole idea waa to find Lady Selwyn ; therefore I took no stock of my surroundings, but hunted 1 blindly through room and echoing corridor. I descended stairs here, I went up others there, t down long passages I ran, and hesitated in rooms i bare of furniture, but I saw nothing. Up to this period of my life I had never felt the horror of loneliness, having always been within \ hail of my fellow-creatures. I felt it now. Seated through weariness, on the floor of an empty apart- ment, I was seized with a deadly feeling to which I can put no name. It made me Bhivar and turn sick. I felt myself environed by empty space. Me thonght there was no man in the world save I. Then the Thing came. I can put no name to that, either. It did not Bhow itself visibly, but thero it was, not at any particular spot but all round me. A faint, sickly odour corrupted the atmosphere. My mouth was parched with ' nervous beat, and the perspiration rolled down my back. The twilight had condensed into a thick darkness, and I in the midst thereof WBB seated forlorn, forgotten of God and man. I could , see nothing, I could hear nothing, but it was there whatever It was, on all sides. I clutched my knees and shivered, while it seemed to move around. Then I knew the sufferings of lost souls. How long was I under this malign influence, I cannot tell, but it seemed to me that I sat for hour shivering in the clinging darkness. The climax came when It began to whimper. I felt my flesh creep. At the second whimper I shrieked with horror. Scarcely had my voice died away when I heard the sound of some one approaching, and Lady Sel- wyn entered the room bearing a lighted candle. The nerve of the woman wa3 astonishing. Schooled I suppose, by the horrors constantly surrounding her, she showed no fear, but moved swiftly towards me. I looked up, shaking like a leaf, and the light revealed my face. " Mr. Faloise," she cried, falling back a pace. " In God's name how did you enter ?" Paying no attention to her question, I clutched her dress in a paroxysm of fear. " What is It that cries in the darkness ? Hark !" Again I heard that indescribable sonud, and she heard it also for her white face blanched still whiter. " Go ! Go !" she whispered, dragging me to my feet. " Ask nothing. Go !" " I will know your secret !" The sound again, but this time in angry tone like the snarl of a dog. " If you don't go I cannot protect you," she cried, alarm, and seizing my arm, hurried me from the room. In her presence I recovered my courage, and would have spoken, but she shook her head for me to keep silent. Leading me through the lonely passages, she made no pause until we found our- selves in the entrance hall. It did not follow us, for when we arrived at the foot of the staircase I felt a certain sense of relief, as though the invisible presence had departed. " The door and the gate are both open," said Lady Selwyn rapidly, " go at once and recross the marsh by the white stones." " Tell me what it all means !" " Since you know so much, you may as well know all, Mr. Faloise, but you will regret your curiosity to your dying day." " It is too late now for regrets. Tell me all !" "When I do, swear that you will leave thiB village at once and keep silence." " I swear !" " So much for your love," she said bitterly. " I see your curiosity has overpowered that feeling." " Lady Selwyn-" " Hush ! Speak no more on that subject. What ÍB the matter ?" " Heavens !" I whispered, looking apprehensively around ; " It is here again !" " I know that," she replied composedly, " but you will not Bee It." " What is the Thing that cries ?" "Paul Varst ¡"said Lady Selwyn, putting her hand to her breast. " But he is dead !" " No, he is not dead. He lives here. Shut out from the world for ever. The living dead." " What is the reason ?" She put her lips to my hear and whispered one word. It curdled my blood with horror and I cried out. Again I heard the Thing moan, but this time its moaning shaped itself into human speech. "Paul Varst! Paul Varst!" It wailed pitifully. " Once he was like you. Pray God you may never become like him. A leper ! A leper ! An outcast ! Oh, my punishment ! My punishment !" The voice died away in a heart-breaking sigh. Fear staying my speech, I interrogated Lady Selwyn by a look. " Now you know the truth," she said, weeping bitterly. " He was my lover, but contracted this frightful disease in the East. On his return to England it manifested itself. I loved him too well to leave him. Spreading a report of his death I brought him secretly to this place and condemned myself to share his living death." " But the red star ?" " He cannot bear the light of Heaven to reveal his deformity, even to himself. The windows of his room are of red glass, through which the lamplight shines at night." . "Oh, my punishment! My punish ment!" moaned thp invisible Thing. " I suffer in life what others suffer after death. Away ! away ! or you will be- come even as that which waa once Paul Varst." I clutched Lady Selwyn's arm, and tried to drag her to the open door. " Come away ! Come away from this accursed house." The Thing whimpered angrily, and a look oE alarm overspread her face. " I cannot ! I dare not ! Go ! Go ! There is danger. " Leave that living corpse, I beg of you. It is accused." " Ah ! Ah ! Ah !" moaned the voice, " do not leave me-do not leave me. You loved me once do not leave me." The horror beat against the wall, and fearing leaBt it should reveai itself I dragged Lady Selwyn nearer the door by main force. " Come away ! Quick ! Quick !" " I dare not," she grasped, hanging back. " I dare not. He would kill mo, and I loved him." " Once, but not now. Paul Varst is dead. You love Hugh Faloise !" The Thing overheard my remark, and its voice arose in a howl of fury. With a cry oE horror Lady Selwyn fell half fainting into my arms. In another moment I was out of the gate with my burden trying to croBs the morass. I heard the whimpering of the Thing in pursuit, but dared not turn my head. The cool air revived Lady Selwyn, and midway in the marsh she began to struggle. " Lot me go ! Let me go ! He wants me. Paul ! Paul!" It answered with the roar of a wild animal, and before I knew of its proximity Lady Selwyn was wrenched from my arms. She made a horrible noise, scarcely human, and I turned. Its face was looking at me straight. " Oh, Heavens !" I screamed in agony, and fell face downward on the quaking earth. I must have fainted, but as my head had fallen partially into the water, I speedily recovered. All was still. A few bubbles on the near pool alone showed where It had sunk with its living burden. Wrapped in each other other's arms the dead and the living had gone down into that loathsome quagmire. I looked up with an ashen face. The Red Star was shining over their grave. _ j [THE BND.] 