WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main-Street, Bridgeport, and MUs Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early iu December (1891) the two women locked all tho doors aud went to the theatre, leaving not a bouI io the house. They lett the g-^s burning, however, in the front parlor. At about half-past eleven tbey returned, and entered the house laughiag and talking. But as they went into the parlor the merry humor died out of them in ft second. Bight in thn mi Idle of the room stool a dark man of gigantic staiarc. Tbc upper part of Li6 faci was concealed by a metk, his oyes gU&ming; through the eye holes in it. Ilia shirt elouves were rolled up, and iu one hand h3 carried a long, old faBbion^d plsloL The wjmen flel screaming from tho room, and when Mr Jennings camc io five minutes later he fqund no one in Lbe parlor and all the doors and windows iccoTcly locked. What was it the women * During a recent period of ill health,' writes nn American friend, '' 1 had slept badly for Sivoral sucsessivc n'gbta. Oa tbe fourth of tUese nights about two o'clock, 1 was fcuid. nl-' aroused from a doz; by what teemed like the railing of my name and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother jast as she looked five years before, as she was leaving bome to go on a jonrany, on which joarney she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and f tinted. I was foolish enough lo tell of it, and the local old women gossips said, it was a summons and I would never get well Yet I did, and am in perfcct health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never Been it since, and it's more than three years ayo now.' No doubt it was the nerves. Wby, there's no end to the tiicks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of con dition. In March, 1890 It was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Dirracott Road, PoV:sJown, Hants, wrote us as follows:—' / t oat «.- dreadfully nervout I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in cue I should call out for help. This w^ in Jane, 1689. I slept ve-y badly, and in the morning felt little tbe better for having gone to bci. There was eyea, and I was sick most ot the time. My skin was dry and yt-llow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. Cy-and-by 1 had to lie helpless in bed. Tbe doctor said be didn't know what my complaint was. 1 took nothing but liquid food, aod could n:t retain even that on my stomach, fiy this time I was nothicg but skin p~.d bote. My memory completely failed. My ht-ac? ached so dreadfully I thought 1 should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' I h^d given up all hope, when one dav Mis West, of Bournemouth, callel and asked what I was taking. She (old mc she was hersslf once jast as badly off, and was cured by Mother Btigol's Curative 6yrnr. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, 1 tried it, and in three days I was able to walk ecross (he room, and bv the end of Lhe week I went downstairs. Now I um as well as ever. 1 can eat and digest my foo*, and «}] oi y nervousness has 'eft me.' The malady Mrs Foster suffeied from was inJigeiiiun aod dyspepsia and nervous prostration. Tbo original cause was gri.f and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acc:dcnt, and the syettmrallUd only when the Syrup had given new vigtr to the digestion and thus fed and toned tbc nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains trua that most uncanny visions and sounds mean no^hiog more or less than a set of ccrres all upset by indiges'.ion snd dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who 6eca them, and when Mother Seigcl's Sjrup does its work Lhe cy- s aad ears enterlaiu only what is natural and wholesome. 