PAR-LtE-MENTARY. Tub Division on Wednesday was quite cIomenough, as tho cook said when the policeman buttoned her up under his tunic. It made the Government feel uncomfortable. It was the hivi thing thaA the opponents of the Income Tax could hare desired. They diduotwant absolute victory oc the division, but they wanted to bring (he Goven inent near enough to feeling the hot breath of the tiger of defeat on their cheeks. It taught tliem » lesson—not to whittle, away their supporters In foolish obstinacy. And after all is said and done what have they gained by it ? Thoy are now going to do precisely what ilr. Gillies asked them to do on Tuesday week—they are going to finish retrenchment before proceeding witn new taxation. Why couldn't they say they would pnrsm this policy as soon as they were courteously asko'i from their own side, without straining relation... with their own friends ? Where is tile dignity in fighting because you won't do a thing, and then doing the very thing which you fought becau-i you said you wouldn't do it ? Oau you understand that question and answer it, J. B, ? When tho Sliiels Government was turned on® of office, it was a matter of general remark that its bead bore, defeat pluckily. It is a pity be does not preserve the same good temper in opposition. His e.ombativeness during this session has been something too awful for quiet toleration. If a Minister looks at him he explodes; if he is spoken to he has hysterics of frothy violence ; if attacked he fights with tooth and claw as though afflicted with demoniacal possession. Look at the instance last Thursday, when Patterson (whose temper is none too sweet, either) teased him about hi-; opposition to the Land Settlement Bill. Shial« turned on him as though he were going to rend him. PoLl'J'rcs in this country are getting fierce again. What'with Bent quarrelling with Zeal, and Patterson and Sliiels behaving like two snarling mongrel pups, things are shaping for a regular political cockiight oa a magnified scale. There is angry battle in the air. You can smtf it. Messrs. President and Speaker Had a little bout of tongue. Mr. Zeal was much the weaker 111 the simple power of lung; Yet T. Pent perforce must sigh "Humph '." Yield the vooui up in despair, And the Upper House in triumph Set its Zeal (heel) upon the Chair. The portrait of Mr. Speaker Lalor was observed to step from its frame in Queen's Hall at thu witching hour when graves give up their dead the other night. Stalking majestically into the library, in wig and robe, the grave (sic.') spectre sat down at one of the tables and penned the following epigram, which was found by the charwoman the following morniug:— " Small dignity to the Assembly is lent When it quietly follows its natural Bent; But all dignity goes by the board, we must fed, When its Bent breaks the peace with unnatural Zeal!" Then the ghost gave a grim, sepulchral clnieklt' and stalked back into its frame. Politicians now take it for granted that the Income Tax proposal is as dead as King Herod— the Downee-Carter of his generation, inveterate taxer as he was! Members of the Government have given over talking about what they expect to get irom it. Their estimate has had the bottom knocked out of it. Long before the division was taken they had discontinued'arguinu point, and they only held to it because their obstinacy did not allow tliem to see how to out of it. Before they can bring in a Hill embodying the proposal they irilLliave forgotten why they ever proposed it, and (jtrter's position will be like that of the philosopher in one of the Breitmami ballads— "Ash der Hegel say of his system—dat only vot uians knew; Yot der tyfel it meandt—und he couldn't ti-11— und der jean Paul Richter, too, Who saidt: ' Gott knows I meandt Eomedins when foorst dis bucli I writ, Boot <5ott only wise vot das bucli nieans nuwfer I hafe fergotten it!'" The question that will haunt Carter's mind will be—"Why did I propose that Income Tun! What reason had I ?" Murray had his little joke on the quest i "ii raising the maximum of money to bo grantoi under the Laud Settlement Bill. He would b<1 only allowance money, but a cow, a pig and mm? cocks and hens. The cow, he was careful tc stipulate, ought to be purchased for tho fctllw and not by him, for Murray declared he knew-el one man who, fancying he was buying a fiW milker, actually, purchased a bull ! This, £ Murray Eaid, was a very good animal for il' E purposes for which nature intended it, hut 8 wouldn't yield any milk ! It is all very well laugh at that settler, but we can point vn instance of a similar mistake made in a qnarW where one would not look for such a blunder, flt happened to be looking at Cassell's Encyei^ffi' Dictionary tho other day, when we amazed to find a bullock defined as a bull I If a dictionary does this, how can we lil.'"* Murray's farmer who bought a bull instead milch cow ? As Mr. Shiels might say,it wonMh cowardly (neither noun nor verb—adverb ll> e time!) to do so! Tbader Unionism goes logically to work China. If a tradesman or shopkeeper tlr charges less than the established scale lie brought before a mandarin, who orders iiim pay the difference into court out of first deal! There is consequently-no such thing as one cutting out another in China. 