THE MYSTERY OF FARINA DONIMIRSKA. Chapter The first time that anyone in Florence heard or saw the name of Donimirska was one afternoon in February, 1878, at the house of Mme. de Montrieu. A letter and cards were handed Madame by a punctilious footman, who awaited orders like a wax figure. Madame was in her salon surrounded by a few inmates some fascinating ladies and as many gentlemen to be fascinated. After glancing at the card Madame tossed it to her cousin, Lucille de Fayette, with the observation, en passant, "Pretty name, rCesi ce pas ?" Then she opened the letter, which was from a distant and distinguished acquaintance in Moscow. It was a polite letter of introduction presenting the sisters Katherine and Karina Donimirska, " both musicians of the rarest attainments, Mlle. Katherine being as fine a pianist as her sister is a singer. The writer recommends them to Madame's considerate attention and presents his cordial saluta- tions," etc. A pair of prodigies how charming!" exclaimed Madame de Montrion, after reading the note aloud. "A veritable novelty for my reception next week. Who brought the letter ?" she asked the foot- man, who was still waiting. " A young lady. She is in the reception room." "Oh she calls at once," observed Madame. " Quite unconventional, but ex- curable, I suppose, with artists. Show her to the salon." The servant withdrew and his return was awaited with some Curiosity. After a few minutes " Mlle. Donimirska " was announced, the portiere was drawn aside and a young girl entered alone and rather timidly. She had left her hat and mantle in the ante-room, which proceeding was as quaintly unconventional as the call itself. If she had done this for effect, it was certainly well planned, for her appearance as she stood before the light and bright silk draperies at the door was surprising in fact, startling. Her gown was black, her hair, was black and her eyes were black. In contrast to this, the flesh of her face and hands were white and fine as a lily. She wore her heavy hair, without curl or wave, parted in the middle and drawn loosely over her brow back to the nape of the neck, where it was held in a Grecian soil. Her gown was of satin and fitted to perfection, but was absolutely devoid of trimming. Mlle. Donimirska advanced toward the hostess, who rose and greeted her in French, which language the girl spoke fluently. "Artists are always most welcome in our salon," Madame averred with much graciousness. After her visitor was seated, and they had exchanged a few general and courteous remarks the conversation became more personal. " Will you appear in Florence profes- sionally?" . ' . or " Yes, Madame that is the object of our trip to Italy. My sister is still sing- ing in Russia, but I come on to prepare the way, as it were, for her coming." These words were spoken with a pleasant smile and an air of confidence. " Then I infer we see before us the pianiste," suggested M. de Fayette (2 Lucille's husband," as he was generally designated in the salon.) of Yes, Monsieur," she replied, without any farther comment. " Will year sister soon follow you are enquired Madame, who had quickly seized on to the plan of having this pair of prodigies at her reception. " Oh, yes. I expect her in a few days. " If she in any way resembles her sister, we shall be very happy to make her wel- come," asserted the hostess cordially. Mlle. Donimirska smiled amusedly on hearing this, and then explained. "In that case Karina's welcome is assured, for we resemble each other very much. My sister and I are twins, you know." " Oh, indeed, how interesting !" they all exclaimed. Mme. de Montrieu was delighted. " You dear child; and to think you are both so gifted ; how charming it must be to see and hear you together." "Well, I don't knew about that. Karina does sing wonderfully, but I only play." " But how does Mlle. Katherine play. May we have not an opportunity of judging ?" again suggested M. de Fayette. " Certainly, if you wish it. What shall I play ?" was the prompt reply, and she immediately went to the piano. "Do you know the Rhapsody ?" asked one complacent dowager in languid, aristocratic tones. " Yes, Madame, J know several; which one do I wish ?" " Of course I mean Liszt's. My daughter plays it," she answered with a self-satisfied manner. But Liszt has composed fifteen rhap- bodies." As the Dowager seemed unable to make her request more definite, Mme. de Fayette spoke up. "Oh, do give us Greig's spring song It is such a favourite of mine, although, of course, it is only a trifle. I heard Plant. at his last concert fairly fling it from his fingers like a feather." The last sentence was addressed more to the room than the pianist, and conveyed the impression that Mme. de Fayette knew exactly how the piece should be rendered. But they soon forgot Plante and everything else. Mlle. Donimirska's playing was so beautiful that her listeners were carried away. She seemed to be describ- ing rather than performing this idyllic song of spring. Faint and far away as an evening zephyr are the first tones which glide from the right hand. They tremble and vibrate like flattering leaves movement which continues throughout the first part, while constantly weaving in the most weird and fantastic harmonies. But this is only an accompaniment to the tender, bell-like melody which the left hand carries. While by no means slow in tempo, there is yet something languorous and amorous about this melody, and it is borne upon the accompaniment like the perfume of flowers upon the breeze. The second part is more sombre rift of clouds across the moon, a touch of chilliness to the atmosphere. But it is soon over, and the mellow brightness again bursts forth more glorious than before. The melody, is now uppermost, and is light and fanciful as gossamer. The breeze has subsided, there is only a shadowy accompaniment in the left hand and everything seems white and still. The whole piece is ethereal as a vision. 2 Scarcely had the last tone-wave subsided when a short, thick set, square faced; finely dressed man appeared at the portiere. " Ah! It is a lady! Bravo! Bravo! I always applaud the ladies." This was said with a smile which was supposed to be gallant. "Bon jour, mesdames, and ma chere hostess." He kissed Mme. de Montrien's jewelled fingers, and all things indicated that he was a familiar guest of this salon. Every one greeted him smilingly. " We hardly dared hope to see Count d'Orsay to-day, but you see, blessed are they who expect nothing!" exclaimed his hostess, brightly. "But what is this I hear on entering? classical music instead of the latest gossip! Quite an innovation, to be sure " Oh, yes allow me to present you to Mlle. Donimirska," Mlle. Donimirska bowed from her place at the piano. A strange pallor had crossed her face when the Count entered, and there came to her face a look of defiance. M. de Fayette observed this and thought it was caused by the Count's first flippant remark, which so glaringly revealed his lack of musical appreciation. "Always happy to meet a musician," affirmed the Count as he acknowledged the introduction. "Can't you give us something else, Mademoiselle, something gay and lively good, rousing valse? Do you play any dance music ?" "Oh, yes, Monsieur; lean give you a dance, and before there was time, for another remark or question she turned to the instrument and played a prelude of twelve weird and solemn notes like the strokes of a bell. Then she leaned forward with more tension and began to jerk and snatch from the piano a rugged, rattling valse theme, angular and spasmodic in character; "Le diable! What do you call that place ?" asked the Count, in an aside, of Mme. de Fayette. "Your exclamation is apropos." was the ready response. "It is the Dance of Death, by Saint Saens." The Count mentally decided never to start that girl on another value., As a musical description of midnight ghostly revelry this "Dance Macabre" has probably never been surpassed. It presents a vision of skeletons, demons and ghosts capering around open graves. The skeleton theme is always grinning and chattering, but the ghost dance is grue- some and stealthy, but never slow, they are all too hurried the time is short from 12 to 1, and them you hear them shriek and scream, and they chase each other around the damp churchyard. Katherine's fingers themselves seemed to be demons racing over a graveyard full of white slabs and black monuments. But finally the dangers shuffle to their graves, the last belated skeleton hurries to his place as the deck strikes 1. Aside from the wonder it aroused Katherine's playing awakened a strange interest in herself. But there was little opportunity on this occasion for further acquaintance as she soon and very abruptly arose to go. When she touched Mme., de Montrien's hand at parting that lady said, " By the way, me there, if you have come here professionally it will be well, you know, for you to meet some of our influential people; of course, the most select of that number you have already met, and she smiled prettily towards her other guests. " But next Wednesday I give a large reception. You may bring; your sister then, and I will introduce you to many of my friends." Thus the clever, social tact of Mme. de Montrieu construed a favour desired into a favour conferred. The Russian girl thanked Madame "extremely," and after bowing a general adieu retired. "Funny little black thing isn't she?' remarked the Count. (To be continued on Wednesday.) 