THE ORIGIN OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. SERMONS BY ARCHBISHOP CARR. (From the Melbourne Argus.) (Continued.) W9 may now pass from the doctrine and discipline of the ancient British Church, which were Roman beyond cavil or question, to the consideration of the continued connection of the church with the Roman bee . union with rome. And first of all we may inquire from what source Christianity came to Brit ain. I have already- proved that Christianity did not come to Britain through the preaching of St. Paul, or any of the apostles, or of Joseph of Arinaathea. This in itself is sufficient to answer the question substantially. If British Christianity did not come from an Eastern it roust have come from a Western source. No Western source is mentioned except Rome or Gaul. And as the Christianity of Gaul was Roman, the Christianity of Britain must have been Roman likewise. But is tbe question of sufficient importance to justify us in looking in a little more closely. Let us bear in mind then that Britain became a Roman , province within a few years after the Ascension of Our Lord . The inter-communication between Rome and Britain must have been, both frequent and entensive. Biitaio possessed, we are told, Roman towns, and villas, and roads, qnd forts, and even baths. Roman civilization was considerably extended &b; far a9 the Roman arms penetrated. On the other hand, we know from St. Paul that the Christian faith spread rapidly in Rome, nnd from Rome as a centre through the provinces. There were Christian soldiers in the army ; there were Christian merchants and traders who visited Britain in pursuit of profit, Tertullian tells us the Christians were everywhere except in the temples of the false gods. In times of persecution Britain afforded a comparatively safe retreat. " Many of the Romans who had re ceived the new religion and fled from the persecutions of Claudius and Nero found refuge in Britain, where tbe Im perial edicts were less rigorously obey ed till tbe persecution of Dioclesian, when the churches throughout the Empire were ordered to be closed."— Hist. o/ Eng , vol. I., p. 17.) Guizot says that " Rome brought with her arms the Christian faith to the Biitish people. The Christians were numerous in the Imperial armies, and their zeal ofteu won to Christ the souls of the vanquished."— Hist, of England , vol. I. p. 16. I have already quoted Mr. Skene, but for a different purpose, by saying that the British Church " acknowledged Rome as its head, from whom its mis sion was considered to be derived, and it presented no features of difference from the Roman Church in the other Western provinces." — Celtic Scotlandt p. 2.) For the present we shall pass over the mission of Lucius to Pope Eleutherius, because we wish to deal with admitted facts, and this mission, although supported by an overwhelm ing weight of evidence, is denied or doubted by some historians of recog nised authority. We come, tiien, to the year 314, tbe date of the Council of Aries. The Church in Britain must have been organised meantime with considerable completeness, as we find it sending three bishops, Eborions of York, Res ti tutus of London, aud Adelfius probably of Lincoln, to take part in the deliberations of the council. Aries is a town in France, situated ou the Rhone, and in the province of Bouches du Rhone. Two hundred bishops are said to have been present, though only 30 signed their names to the decrees. Amongst those signatures ' are those of the three British bishops. Pope Sylvester was represented by his legates, two priests and two deacons. After pronouncing on the Donatist controversy, which was the chief busi ness of the council, the assembled bishops drew up tweuty-two canons relating to discipline. The first canon or decree adopted the Roman time for celebrating Easter, and abolished the Alexandrian time and all others that differed from the Roman. The second canon, conformably to the thirteenth and fourteenth of the apostolic canons, forbids ministers of the Chnrch to change from the diocese of their ordina tion to another. The eighth canon forbids the re-baptism of those who had Been baptised by heretics in the name of the Father and of tbe Son and of the Holy Ghost. Tbe tenth canon forbids a man who has put away his ndulturous wife to marry again during her lifetime. The thirteenth canon de clares that tbe ordinations of the traditor bishops are valid positis ponendis. The fifteenth canon forbids deacons to offer I the holy sacrifice. The nineteenth canon ! directs that in a strange diocese facilities should be given to a bishop to offer the ' holy saciifice. The twentieth canon j requires the presence of three bishops J at the consecration of a bishop. The | twenty-second canon deprives apostates j of communion, who delay till the hour of death asking for it. When the synod i had concluded its labours it addressed tbe following synodal letter to tbe Pope, together with a copy of tho de crees : — " To the well-beloved Pope, Sylves ter — Marin us, Agrecius, etc., eternal greetings in the Lord. United togeth er in the bonds of charity, in the unity of our holy mother th Catholic Church, I assembled in the cii. of Aries, by the desire of the most pi < eiuporor, we sal-" uteyou most glorious I'opc, withthe ven eration that is doe you. Wo have been called to struggle against turbulent men, who have no respect for the law and the traditions of the Church. But by the authority of God, ever preseut, and by the inaviolabie rule of the truth, they have been confounded. There was neither agreement nor solidity in their discourses, their accusations, or their proofs. For this reason, in the name of God and the Church, our mother they have been unanimously condemned. " And would to God, well-beloved brother, that yon had judged it proper to assist at this grand scene ; their condemnation would have been more solemn and our joy more entire. But you cannot quit those places where the Apostles constantly preside, and where their blood constantly gives glory to God. "Nevertheless we have not con sidered that our sole duty consisted in treating. of the question for which we assembled. " In the name of tbe Holy Spirit and of his angels, and following the inspira tion, we have made various regulations. We have also considered it our duty to transmit them to you, who preside over the great (ma/ores) dioceses, in order that they may be made knowu and pro mulgated to all tho faithful." All the circumstances connected with this synod prove to demonstration that the British Church, represented by the three bishops who signed the decrees, and sanctioned the Synodal Letter ad - dressed to the Pops, was thoroughly Roman in its organisation. Tho next time we find mention of the British Church, is in connection with the Gen eral Council of Nice, held in 325. It does not seem that any British bishops were preseut, but copies of the decrees were seat by the papal delegates to Britain, and assented to by the British bishops. Amongst these the thirteenth canon provides that the dying should not be deprived, of the last "and most necessary viaticum. The eighteenth prohibits deacons administering tbe Eueharist to priests, or taking place among prieBts. In 347 representatives of the British Church were present at the Council of Sardica . The papal legate presided. . After dealing with the Arian question disciplinary de crees were passed with regard (1) to the jurisdiction of the Holy See orer ecclesiastical causes, (2) the right of appeal to the Pope, and (3) the submis sion to his judgment, or to that of the I legates commissioned by him to ex- i amine facts at the place where they occurred. These delegates have since ' been called " legates, a later " The members of the council then addressed this letter to the Pope, St. Julius : — j " We still maintain what we always have believed. E tperience proves and confirms that each one has heard — namely, the truth of tbe words which the Apostle, St. Paul, has said con cerning himself, ' Do you desire a proof of Christ— of Him who speaks through me ?' For as the Saviour dwelt in him, it was the Holy Ghcst whose voice re sounded in his soul and re- echoed through his bodily organs. You, also, naot'ltr nolnvnd KlnfliAl« nil Kntlrvlt nKennl MUU' UUIVIOU UIVVilDI) ttivuvugll dUOUU V in body, are present iu spirit and will. Your absence was necessary. Yon feared that the schismatical wolves would come by stealth to devour the flock — the heretical dogs would terrify it by their barking— aud that the serpent, the blasphemer, would iufect it with poison. Therefore, there was nothing better or more Jitting than that the priests of the Saviour from each prov ince should relate everything to the chief, that is to the Chair of Peter." In this council Hosius, the papal legate, and president of tbe council, said : — " If a bishop, after having been judg ed, is convinced of the justice of his cause that he desires to obtuin a second judgment, let us houoar . . the memory of the Apostle St. Peter. Let those who have examined the eaBe write to Julius, Bishop of Rome. If he considers it proper to grant a new hear ing, let him appoint judges. If be does j I not think it necessary to revise the former judgments, those concerned must abide by his decision " It was also decided that where an appeal to the Pope had been lodged by a bishop driven from his see, no new appointment to that see shonld bo made till the decision of the Pope was made known. The right of the Pope to send legates to examine facts in the places where tlioy occurred is recognised. We next come to the Council of Rimici, a d. 359\. Sulpicins Severns expressly mentions the presence of British bishops at this council, three of whom, and only three, accepted the hospitality of the Emperor, lest they should be a burthen to their brethren. Although the coun cil had not an orthodox issue, still all the bishops at first signed the orthodox formula of faith, and the presence of British bishops indentifies the faith of Britain with the faith of the other ortho dox bishops who were in communion with the See of Rome. Here we must pause for the present. When we re sume the story of the labours of St. Ninian and St. Germanus of Anxerre will, like a genial gleam of sunshine, dispel for a -while the mists that over- 'bang the history of Britain's ancient church. The missive from St. Ger manus looms through all the centuries that have passed Bince then, and his name finds ready echo in many hearts a9 -the tutor and life-long friend of Ireland's glorious apostle. 