THE PLYER'S STORY. CHAI'TER IX. TsoE performauco of Hoamlet was re coived enthusiastically again at night. 0 I nwas glad to. see the public were in no way prejudiced or influenced by a the hissing at the mati,?ri. I con eluded they had taken it just for what it was worth. t I was glad to find, too, that Miss Cleave did not allow it to check her acting, and she wont through her scenes with the same power. At the conclusion another bouquet t was thrown to her. I think they wore the choicest flowers I had ever sooeen. I stood at tho wing a eccood or two with her at the fall of the noct drop. " Are they not boanutiful ?" she said I to me, holding them to her nostrils. " Beautiful I" I echoed, " yet hardly worthy of the owner of them." " Oh, how sweet they smell !" sbe said, still smelling them. Then sud denly she turned strangely pallid ; the very life.blood seemed forsaking her cheeks and lips; a tremor like ague seemed to shako her frame, and, with a stifled cry, she fell senseless into my arms. I caught her sinking frame; I. hold her close against my breast. I felt tortured with a horrible fear, for, in an instant, a terrible suspicion had crossed my mind, so terrible that it deprived me of speech. The scent of the flowers was sweet, but I fancied mingled with their sweetness was the odour of some drug. I raised an alarm. The female dresser passed me at that second ; she stopped. " What is the matter ?" she asked. "This lady has fainted," I said. "Hold her, please; leo liher be as sisted to the green-room," and hero a few others collected round me who at once lent their assistance. " Have the audience gone yet 2" I said, for a suspicion entered my mind. I seemed to guess in a moment that the same person who had hissed Mildred Cleave at the nmatinee had flung those drugged flowers at night. Some villainous conspiracy was at work, and I would sift it to the core. Whoever had thrown those flowers would eoscape immediately. Not heeood ing my dress, or anything else, I seized a long black cloak which had been worn by one of the grave-diggers, and flung it around my shoulders to the astonishment of those near, and as I did not desire to create any scandal, I demanded of the bystanders : " Did anyone observe who threw those flowers to Mise Cleave 2" "Yes, I did," shouted a voice close to my elbow. I started round, and there stood the call-boy. "You did 2" I said; "then come with me at once to the front of the house." I knew that whoever throw the bou. quet must have boon standing quite close to the stage, and that the person could not possibly have escaped yet, as the theatre was too closely pecked. " Follow me instantly," I said, and I darted across the stage and made my way to the front of the house, where swarms of people were passing out. I drew the lad aside under a lamp. " Now ceep your eyes open," I said, "and make quite sure that you point out the right person." "Yes, sir," he answered, with his usual downright sharpness. " I'll lay a fiver on the maun." " The man," I echoed. "Was it a man, then 2" "Yes, sir; there was a woman with him though." At that second a tall, thin man came hurriedly out. In an instant I reoognised the same individual who had stood lounging against the stage. door, and whom I had caught hiding about the church-porch on that same afternoon. I had not seen his face before, but I saw it distinctly now, and my blood seemed to curdle. " That's the man," whispered the lad at my elbow ; but no need for the whisper, instinct seemed to point him out to me. I guessed it now. It was the tall, quiet, strange man I had ob served at Westminster Abbey in com pany with that dark villain who had libelled his wife's name and threatened to make it a by-word. I was oblivious to all else. I rushed forward and seized this man's arm, but he shook off my hold and darted into a closed vehicle. The momentary shaking had caused me to stagger slightly, simply because I was unpre pared for it, and it was this slight in cident which enabled him to got ahead of me and stop into the S"growler." Unperceived by him I went to the driver. " Toll me where you are going to drive your fare," I whispored, " and I will give you a sovereign." I saw the man's eyes glisten in stantly, and taking a pencil out of his pockeot he scribbled an address on a bit of paper and slipped it into my hand. The occupant within tapped on the glass and called out " drive on," and I immediately retreated to the back of the vehicle out of sight of the ismato, who imagined I was gone. "What did that fellow want 2" doe mandoed the person inside from the driver. "Oh, he asked me where I wasf going to drive you, sir," he said, " but I wasn't so green, I gave him a wrong address." The occupant laughed. "That's right," he said. "Now drive on like the very deuce, for I am in a hurry; I have a particular ap pointment," and the vehicle drove on. "I wonder if that man has given me a false address ?" I questioned. Falose or real, I vowed inwardly not to rest that night until I tralcked hlim. Whoever he was, I felt sure he was a detective, and at once I guessed why I had cncosutored him watching about for me on those two occasions already alluded to. I was resolved not to be baulkod. At any price I would follow that vehicle. For some momn:ents I ran on, but it drove so quickly that I could not; keop pace with it. I dis covered another fly coming along from a contrary direootion. I hailed it. Singular and unusual as it is to catch sight of a policeman in an emergency, I happened to soe one standing at the corner of theo street. I went up to the driver of the fly first. "1 n as you to follow that vehicle ahead of un," I said, " I will pay you well if you will be sure and not lose sight of it." The mroan on the box stared a little with natural curiosity, and I went up to the policeman and got him to come inside and take a journey with me. I don't suppose he got very much to do in the town, and he seemed very willing and ready to do as I urged. I then stated the ease to him as we drove onward, as it related to the flowers and this tall strange man who appeared to be keeping a spy on me. I was terribly anxious to know how Mildred was, though I felt asonred it was only a temporary stupor through smelling the drugged bouquet. Still it was for her sake that I was acting now, for her dear sakel alone. It was of life-and-death Iimportance to her that her enemy should be traced, and that the vile conspiracy to in3ure her bodily and mentally should be dis covered and the perpetrators brought to justice. Love makes the hardest duty light, I had doubtless undertaken a very arduous one upon my shoulders at this moment, but it was a satisfaction to know I was at least endeavouring to befriend her. What a day of incident it had been from the time of the eight o'clock post till now I I wondered what further tragedy would occur that night, and trusted it would and by the capture of that man before the morning dawned. On sped the fly as fast as the horse's feet could move. I felt sure that the driver of the one occupied by the mysterious stranger could not have seen me enter the cab. How was it possible with his back towards me ? Besides, I had noticed as he drove ahead, he had not turned round once to look behind him. Presently the fly we were in stopped suddenly, and the driver jumped down from his box and came to the door. Touching his hat, he said : " The party in that cab has turned into the first house round the corner of Har dross-street; it is a wine and spirit shop-the first street to the right." The address on the bit of paper the cabman had given me was " 2, Orad ley Aveonue." A false address evi dently, I thought. I thanked the man, gave him a liberal fare, and then proceeded in the direction of the wine and spirit tavern. The policeman desired me to enter the bar alone at first, and he waited outside. I walked straight into the private bar. There was no one there; I then went through to the publico bar. An old woman and a man were indulging in a glass of whisky. My hbeart fell. I feared that the driver of the fly had made a mistake. I then addressed the barmaid: " Can you tell me if a tall man, wearing a long macintosh, is in this house' anywhere ?" I asked. "He entered about two minutes ago." " There is a tall man answering your description now in the billiard room," she replied. "Will you kindly lot me pass through ?" I said; I want to speak to him." She hesitated. " It is against our rules to let people pass through unless they wish to play," she said, and in about twenty minutes' time this house closes; but I'll go and tell him you wish to see him if you like," she added. " No, no," I cried seeing the bar maid about to suit the action to the word, " please don't, I must go to him. The fact is," I said in an under tone, " the man is a very suspicious character, and I have a policeman waiting outside." " Oh, dear, dear I" cried the girl, turning rather pale, " I hope you are not going to create a soone here. My mother is ill, and we want to be as quiet and peaceable as we possibly can." "I am very sorry," I said. "I aon L suppose tleoro will bo any row, but I must find this man, and the policomnn must acoompany me." I hod my suspicions of tho prudence of the barmaid, indeed of the house altogothor. The poliooman however accom panied mo to the billiard-room, wait ing outside the door while I entered. Thoro chanced to be only two men in thebo room; but they ohancod to be the very mon I wanted; for, with a start of horror, I recognised the tall man I lhad pursued, and the dark, forbidding-looking stranger I had mot in Westminster Abbey. F'or a moment the sight of his sallow cheek and evil, dark eyes almost took my breath away; but I mastered my feelings of repulsion, and went up to him. " What do you want ?" he growled, glaring from under his shaggy, dark eyebrows. "I want you," I said, " and this man whom you have employed to dog my footsteps, and whom I accuse of throwing a poisoned or drugged bouquet to Miss Mildred Oleave, of tho \-- Theatre, Matlook." The dark man turned livid. " It's a lio 1" he muttered. " I have never soon the person in my life whom you speak of; neither has my friend soon her before to night." " It's false 1" I exosclaimed. " I know everything, coward, scoundrel, that you are I I knew that I should moot you again, and I thnnk fate for ordaiining it." I appealed alone to the dark man, for I looked upon the other as a more dupe-a cat's paw- acting for a wretched fee. " As usual in such cases there is a woman at tho bottom of it-thoro is a woman in this-where is she ?" I demanded. The dark man laughed, but it was an uneasy, put-on laughter. "If you'll follow us we'll take you to her," said the tall man, with a joor, " since you appear somewhat partial to the soe ; but we can't guarantee it is tho woman you aeelk," and with thceo words they both were on tho point of leaving the room, but the policeman ontorod and arrested their progress and barred the way. CIIAPTERI X. The conutenancos of the two men fell somowiat whoen they foaud them selves in the presence of the policeman. I charged the tall man with pre senting a poisoned bouquet to Miss Cleave, which he emphatically denied. The face of the dark man bore the most guilty look of the two; strangely the other looked as if hoe were assert ing a truth when he denied the ac cusation. ?But I had told the whole facts of tho case as briefly as possible to the policeman during our short drive, and on my charging them he took them both into custody. They would appear before the magistrates the following day. At this I shall not forget the mali cious look which came over the dark man's face. It was too diabolical to attempt to draw on paper. An appearance at the police court for him meant something more serious than an ordinary case. He knew that he was a marked man, and standing again before a tri bunal meant absolute ruin to him, for there he would doubtless be recognised by some of the authorities of the law. He eyed me in a fixed penetrating manner; the look in his snake- like eyes made my flesh creep, and' the hissing tone of his voice as he whis pered in my ear: " What do you know of me, oh ?" proved that he was prepared for any audacious false hood. "I know all-overything," I whis pered back, both past and present. He turned positively green, and for a time seemed staggered for an answer. After a while his cloudy muddled brain (for I could see he was intoxi cated) cleared a little, sufficiently to enable him to find an answer, and as I was about to retreat he called after me: " You can't prove a thing against me; but when we meet to-morrow I may have a serious charge against you." I smiled with utter disdain, the scornful smile which a man with a a perfectly clear conscience is able to deal one whom he knows to be a scoundrel and a black-mailer. Good heavens I was it possible that so sweet and lovely a women owned such a wrotch as her husband ? It was the lamb mating with the wolf, in deed. Truly real life is often stranger than fiction, and one has not to hunt in hotels alone for wild ro mances. My few days' residence in Matlook had indeed been fraught with adven ture, and weary with the exeiting in cidents of the day I hurried home; but I felt I could not rest that night without finding out how Mildred Cleave was. The theatre was not enveloped in darkness, and Iknow that some of the officials were still about; it was only just twenty minutes past eleven: at half-past the gas would be put out and the doors olosed. The only person I could see was the box-office keeper. He informed me that Miss Cleave hlad been taken home, still insensible, in a closed carriage, and that a medical man had been sent for, and the whole company, Mr. Roserland included, were in a terrible way, as they feared that she would be unable to sustain her part the following day, and that they were discussing the advisability of tele graphing to town to secure someone else to come up immediately to Mat look for the rdle of Ophelia; also that some female had offered her services to nurse Miss Cleave, and that she was in very good hands, as the person was a trained nurse. I did not retire that night, however, until I had called, late as it was, at Miss Cleave's address. I knocked twice before obtaining an answer; indeed, it appeared to me that the house was bolted up for the night, and that someone had got up to open the door, for I heard the sound of a bolt sliding back, and the soft tread of slippers, and presently a light as if some one were descending the stairs, and soon the street-door was opened and an elderly dame appeared. " Pardon the lateness of the hour," I said. " I have just called to inquire after Miss Cleave." The woman at the door was strangely abrupt: "It is late to call," she grunted. " Things are altogether queer to me." Suddenly I heard a man's tread, and saw a gentleman descending the stairs. " Heresis the doctor," she said; " he may be able to tell you more than I can ; I was just going to bed, and it's late, very late." "I am aware of it," I answered, somewhat curtly; " but this is a case of emergency. When illness comes one has to deviate from the ordinary way a bit. I am sorry to disturb you ; no doubt this gentleman will be able to answer all I wish." She grunted, and stepped aside; and then the doctor gained the door. " It's someone to inquire after Miss Cleave," the woman said, brusquely. And without another word she simply turned her back on us, and walked up the hall towards the stairs; she was of massive frame, and wore a particularly gaudy dressing-gown. " This is the fruit of letting one's rooms to play-actresses," she grumbled as she hobbled along, and, the street door closed, I stood on the stop alone with the medical man. I explained who I was, and how I had caught the man who throew the poisoned flowers ; and I begged him to tell me how Miss Cleave was. I produced my card, and we exchanged addresses. Dr. Collison, for that was the name he bore, informed me that Miss Cleave was very ill, indeed he thought seri ously ill, and that he was quite sure she would not be able to undertake her part the following day. " I have had the flowers thoroughly analysed, or rather the drug. It is of the most deadly nature," he declared; " not to be procured, in a regular way at least, in this country." He be lieved it had come from India, where it was extensively used by men in authority. I felt my blood run cold, and quick as a flash of lightning dawned on me the sequel to this mystery. I remembered that dark scoundrel's threat in Westminster Abbey, his vow to ruin his wife in whatever company he encountered her; and at once I arrived at an explanation to this villainy. He had got his accomplice to throw the drugged bouquet, in order that she might inhale the poison, lose her senses, and in consequence forfeit her engagement, if a darker purpose did not lie behind. I confided everything to Dr. Colli son, related graphically all the start ling events of the day. He seemed inclined to be very friendly, and, late as it was, he walked with me towards my rooms. "You don't surely apprehend any permanent danger ?" I asked of him. "I mean you don't think Miss Cleave will be laid up for any great length of time ?" He shook his head. " Much depends on the constitution she possesses," he deolared. " You see, a medical man, called in suddenly to a stranger, is not acquainted with it as one who has known her and attended her for years; but let us hope for the best. I have given direcotions to the person now in attend. ance, which, if carried out sucoess fully, will at least allay all tendency to delirium or fever, but the powerful narcotic, will act on her senses for some time yet." Dr. Collison of course agreed to be present at the court on the following day and give his statement of the case. Tho following day I As we exohanged these words at the door of my room the illuminated clook from the steeple of that familiar little church trilled out the first small hour of the morning. Only a few short hours back we were both basking like butterflies in the sunbeams of our love, and now, like the frail insects crushed by the storm, the sunshine of our lives seemed over, and our brief, happy dream had ended. OBA.rER ?2., I simply could not close my eyes that night; to sleep was impossible; for my brain seemed to be on a kind of tread-mill labour, and it was not until almost broad daylight streamed into my room that I began to experience an utter weariness, and fell into a heavy, stupor-like sloop. It was the longest and heaviest slumber I ever remember experiencing, and I was awakened from it by a violent shaking at my door, It was some time until I was suffi ciently awake to call out : " Who's there ?" "Open the door I" oried a man's voice. Thinking something was the matter I hastened to do so, and then I stag gored as if I were facing an apparition, for there stood my father 1 My face of bewilderment must have convinced him I doubted the evidence of my own eyesight, for he immediately shook me by the arm. " Wake up, my lad I" he cried. " I am not a ghost, don't look so incredu lous; the day is not young by any moans, though it may seem so to you, sleeping in your bed till eleven o'clock." My heart almost stood still. "Eleven o'clock I" I exolaimed, and a fush of shame dyed my cheek. If there was one thing more than another I felt ashamed of it was laziness on the part of man. I had always asso ciated sluggards and late risers with men of animal minds, or else resulting from dissipation, late hours at night, and brandies and sodas; and I knew that my dear old dad had, in this re spect, the same opinion. After shak ing hands I inquired how he got to Matlook so early, for I felt ashamed to think he should catch me sleeping at eleven o'clock, and I hastened to explain matters. I gave him:a brief account of the horrors of the previous day. He stated that he had taken the seven o'clock express in order to reach me early, and to offer me a bit of fatherly advice. He however heard my narrative of the incidents I had gone through in Matloock ere he dealt out any iermonising lectures, and when I had made a hasty toilet, and he had accompanied me below to the breakfast- table, he placed in my hands an anonymous letter, which as I read, caused my cheeks to turn scarlet. The contents were as follows: Warn your son ol the abyss he is likely to fall into-be is now playing at the Matlook Theatre, and likely to get his name mixed up and entangled with a most notorious Yankee astrees, a married woman, with whom he is playing. " This is vile, infamous I" I cried, half-orushing the epistle in my hands, and commencing to pace the room in great agitation. "It may, be that the warning is sent for your own good, Leonard," my father said. "What do you know to the contrary? What is this married woman to you ? A complete stranger. You know nothing of her antecedents. You come here with the company, a novice, and like many another young fool of your years you are dazzled by the first pretty face you see." " Father, hear me," I cried, waving my hands. "I toll you I cannot listen to this," and I felt at that moment I could hate any man who attempted to utter a disparaging word of the woman I worshipped, even if that man were my own father. "Miss Cleave is an angel," I ex claimed; " she is as good as she is beautiful. My God I if I could only come aoross the slanderer who has penned this I I feel already that I can guess-her enemy." "Lad, you are infatuated, I tell you," my father cried. "You're under a temporary hallucination; you're blindly bewitched, I tell you, and when you come to your senses you will surely awaken to the awful reality. You must leave Matlock leave it instantly, this very day, or your name will be dragged through the mud and ruined. And oh I my son, think of the stigma on our hitherto stainless honour." I could not find words strong enough to give vent to my indignation, to think that my father should harbour a momentary doubt. My mind was so upset with the exciting nation I had gone through, add the terrible issue of events, that I could fairly have burst into tears. I was so convinced, so assured of the sterling worth of the woman I was defending, that I would have staked my immortal soul on her goodness, her purity. If she were not honest and true, then the whole world was false, the very clear blue sky overhead was a lie, a deception; and yet how could I instil my faith into the incredulous heart of my father ? How convince him I was not blind, but far-seeing ? How make him see with my eyes? For a few seconds my heart seemed too full to speak, and my brain felt that a little more would make it burst. I could simply pace the room to and fro and repeat: " Wait I wait I Let time prove I" and, reader, time did prove-clearly prove who was the most blind of the two, and whose judgment was most in error-my venerable father, with his grey board and three-score and ton years, or I, a young man of twenty six, with my fresher and more trusting belief in human nature. After finishing breakfast I got my father to accompany me to the abode of Miss Cleave. I was so engrossed with thoughts of her that I had not thought to ask my father what was the nature of the surprising news he had for me. I had not even com mented on Uncle William's death ; my whole attention was absorbed in this all-important topic. I was resolved to see Miss Cleave at all hazards; my father in vain pro tested against this course, action. The brusque woman opened the door to us when we knocked. I de sired to be shown to Miss Cleave's rooms. The woman stood and stared at me for a time and shook her head. "I don't think the nurse will per mit her to see visitors," she said. A strong word against the respected nurse was on my tongue, but I bit my lip and kept it back. " I must see her," I said. " I have most important news to reveal to her, and I must see her and reveal it if she is conscious; please go and say I am a friend of Miss Cleave's." My father stood looking at me as though I were some hare-brained impulsive youth scarcely accountable for my excited words, and seeing I was bent on having my own way he gave in, simply sank into the nearest arm chair in the sitting-room into which we were shown, and, rubbing his hands before the blazing embers of a fire, said: " You had better deliver my son's message." And the woman did so. I stood near to the door, and the sound of their whispering voices reached me below. " Say it's impossible," I heard someone whisper. " Say Miss Cleave is asleep." I knew by the very tone in which this was uttered that the words were a lie, and that for some unacountable reason they wanted to keep us from entering the patient's presence. As I stood thus in anxious expecta tion of Miss Cleave's voice a tremen dous double knock resounded at the street-door, a knock which shook the the house to its very foundation, and would have aroused the seven sleepers, causing the stout landlady to come hobbling down the stairs muttering under her breath. The door opened, and a stentorian voice which I immediately recognised as belonging to the policeman whose company I had been in the previous night, said : "I have some to arrest a person you have here," and without the least ceremony the man forced his way into the hall. The woman threw up her hands in horror. " You have some to the wrong house," she said. "How dare you come here demanding people? Nioo thing to convert a respectable house into I " The policeman did not take the slightest notice of this indignant speech; he saw me at that moment and appealed tome. "The female accomplice we are seeking is in this house, sir," he said. " She is upstairs attending the patient under the guise of a nurse." The very life-blood seemed to for sake my frame at that instant ; the revelation was too horrible. Good God I what next were things going to resolve into-Mildred Cleave alone in the hands of her enemy I "Are you quite sure ?" I uttered. "Yes," and the man heedlessly passed the bewildered landlady, who stood wringing her hands in the hall and uttering lamentations about the downfall of her respectability, and motioned me to follow him upstairs. "Pray remember the lady is ill," I urged, "and for the love of heaven avoid a scene in her presence. Lot me go alone; don't let her see you I" The policeman acceded to my wish, and I went alone. As I ascended the stairs I saw a black-robed figure with bands of grey hair standing peooping out of a room facing me and holding the door ajar. " Who's there, what is it ?" she said in a shaking kind of voice. "Nothing," I said, with the object of putting her off the scent and getting her downstairs. " Hush I" and I put my finger on my lips and beckoned her to me. With a slow and steady step she ventured nearer on the landing, hold ing the top of the banisters with her hand; but the action was enough. In an instant I had recognised that hand, for there was a peculiar mole on the centre of the back ofit-a mark which would have singled her out anywhere. The nurse, disguised as an old woman, with a false front and wearing green glasses, was none other than Eva Moore I Imagine my astonishment I how difficult it was to suppress giving vent to words of recognition I " Have they gone ?" she said, huskily. "Who is below ?" " No one," I answered, "I want to speak to you alone below." Reader, it was a falsehood-the first I over remembered uttering ; but admit that it was a righteous one, and done for a good cause-I feared to alarm the woman I loved. I wished to spare her an exciting scone. " Close that door," I urged, "nnd follow me downstairs." I pointed to tho door of the aick room; she obeyed my injunctions and prepared to follow me. There must have been a certain amount of imperative power in my tone and manner, for sho followed my directions like a child and accom panied me downstairs. But when she descended the last stairs (for Miss Cleave's room was two flights above us) it was then that I saw her face fall. She gripped me by the arm, for between the crack of the half.closed sitting-room door ahe had caught a glimpse of the policeman's uniform. " You have lied to me, Leonard St. Aubyn," she hissed in my ear, and as she looked into my face I saw revealed the expression I had seen it wear in my dream exactly, as she murmured : "If you. wage war with me I'll crush you down lower than the dust I" Even these threatening words implied the same meaning as those she had uttered in my dream, though the phraseology was different. As she spoke she was creeping along the hall, which led towards the back of the house-quite in a contrary direction to where my father and the policeman were standing. " Now help me to escape," she said ; " refuse at your peril I One word from your lips, and-" She hurriedly began to turn the bolt of the back garden gate as she said this, but I seized her. " Never I" I cried ; " escape at your peril " and I half dragged her back again ; and the policeman came forward. In a moment as though he held a magician's wand he caught hold of her; cloak and hood and front, all fell off with one touch, and the die. guised adventuress stood before us. "You're my prisoner," said the policeman. " The man whom I a: rested last night has confessed that you put poison into the bouquet that was thrown at Miss Cleave. The doctor is willing to bear testimony to the same." "It's false I " Eva Moore cried. "Let it be proved." " There are many able to prove it," 1 exclaimed. " The call-boy, for one, who saw you in the company of the man called Ned Johnson, the spy and accomplice of George Chesterfield, the husband of Miss Cleave." "And you are likely to be sum moned on a divorce suit," she burst out; "and I have assumed this die. guise, if you want to know, merely in order to watch you." At these words my father rushed forward to join the trio. " This is false I " he cried. " Take care how you libel my son, woman," and he drew a few paces nearer. As he did so I never saw a human face undergo a more rigid change; his eyes seemed starting from their sockets, his jaw fell, a tremor like ague shook him from head to foot, as his thin fingers clutched my sleeve. " Leonard, speak l" he cried huskily. " Who is that ? Who is that " and he stood peering into the face of Eva Moore, which had turned almost as ghastly as his own. I feared he was going to be ill, and I drew nearer to his side, lifting my supporting arm. "Father, what's the matter ?" I cried. "Speak, do you know this guilty woman ?" " Her name ?" my father gasped "her name ?" "Her name is Eva Moore," I answered, in wild bewilderment, for I felt that the present scene must surely be some horrible nightmare. " Eva Moore I Eva Moore I" re. peated the father. " Of what is she accused ?" and here a spasmodic twitohing seemed to convulse his features. " She is accused of attempted mur der," I cried. "Murder I ah I" gasped my father. " Do you know her ?" " Oh I father, speak if you do I" I urged, and a look of stony despair came over the recently-convulsed features,. as with a half-inarticulate cry he staggered forward, gasping: " She is-my wife I Ohl my son, my cup of misery is full I" and with these words he fell senseless into my arms. (To be cosbtioed.) 