?S3P0EY OF LOVE AND CRIME, GBY GOE.DOK STABLES, M.D., K.3ST. Author of " 289 B, The Story of a Double Life," " The Mystery of a Mil lionaire's Grave, &c.;, &e.; [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER JLXVU.-THE GIT-COME F """Of THE AWFUL STORM. HE mate's face looked ghastly in the glare of the lamp-light, and 1 there was such a depth, such an in- ' tensity of terror in the timbre of his I voice, that a cold shudder ran through j «very«ne who heard him speak. j Had the man suddenly gone out of < his mind to talk of a spirit walking I over the water, and on a night such i as this too ? No wonder the ladies tufned pa!e and screamed in the strange way a sleeper screams under the influence of a terrible nightmare. Captain Ben and Frank rose at once and rushed on deck. .The rest crept together at one end of the saloon to wait and listen. The mate was at the top of the companion to receive his captain. He had a ship's lantern in his hand and j now took liis way forward, the others j following mechanically as it were. Prfst the hatchways up through which the gleams of light from the engine room fires rose in red straight rays, cutting and piercing the inky gloom above, as if with swords of flame, past the mainmast, past the foremast and into the outer darkness beyond. The mate held the lantern one moment on high and its yellow rays glimmered on the pale and frightened faces of the men gathered round the bows. Then it went sud denly out, and Frank beheld a sight that might make sailors stand silent and awed, under the spell of super stitions dread. Away, far away perhaps on the starboard bow was 1 the spirit walk ing over the waters,' and coming straight towards the ship. A tall, luminous figure as it appeared at that moment, a ghostly apparition that seemed to hang betwixt the horizen and the nearer sea; a figure that moved hither and thither, and back wards and forwards, now larger, now momentarily less, and anon pointing a ghostly arm sky wards. No one spoke a word for a- lame, perhaps no one could speak-if their feelings were any semblance to those of Frank, they must have felt as if under the spell of some evil dream. The spectre advanced now, rapidly growing larger and larger as it nearssd the ship, growing apparently more transparent too, till presently it was seen to consist of a pale blush shim mering light or flame. And the water of sea directly beneath it was strangely moved, but how or by what it was impossible to say. Nearer and nearer, larger and larger. And now it was almost on them; almost over the ship. ' Great God!' the mate exclaimed again, butin a strange and far-away like voice,4 we are all dead men.*, * The Lord have mercy on us,' said someone else The strange spirit-light was on them now; it was all about and round them, a mist and shroud of outlines^ on the sea and on the fearful, ghastly and bewilderedUfaces of the crouch ing crew. Fr^ms: looked overboard; the water seemed aiive with dark some shapes. One, two, throe, then a dozen gruesome beasts, he could count; he could see the writhing of tails, their heads, and their awful eyes. jpiore mysterious, no more ter rible sight than this had ewer before perhaps been seen in tropic seas. But out spoke the skipper's voice at lflst, and boldly it rang all over the 'slap. 'Keep up yonr courage, boys, it is only St Blma's fire on a, larger scale Y The strange, luminous mist was now some distance astern, getting less and less again, till it once more assumed the appearance ascribed to it by the superstitious mate, that of a spirit walking over the sea. The men watched it till it quite disap peared in the far distance. The mate relit his lantern, and all crowded round the skipper as if to Eeek for some explanation of the curi ous and fearfnl apparition. ' I have no very lucid explanation to give, boys,' he said. c We cannot deny we have seen a rare and fearful sight. Men have seen the same before.' * And lived ?' 4 Yes, boys, and lived to tell of it. But science can give us no cine as to its cause, only that it is connected with phosphorescence and electricity.' ! * But the creatures in the water, ? sir ? Those awful beasts, what were they ?-and what are they doing?' * That,' said the skipper, * is the . most easily explained part of the I whole business. They were either sharks or sea-elephants, or maybe 1 some of both, though our foolish fears magnified them into huge, writhing black snakes. It is well-known that the creatures that dwell in the sea, and the creatures that dwell in the universal earth for that matter,' are fond of light and that they will come to it from afar, and follow it and go with it wheresoever it goes. That explains that part of the entertain ment, for on a night of such intense darkness as this, Bt. Eima's fire trail ing over the bosom of the black waters would be bound to attract sharks from every portion of the com pass. Good night, men. Mate, tell the steward to let the crew have a glass of grog. Show a light here till we get aft.' Throb-throb -throb went the pulse of the moving ship; throb throb. There was the working of the great shaft and the churning of the waters underthe sternnow giving place to a loose, rattling sound as the vessel plunged momentarily head first into the trough of a great smooth sea leav ing the screw to revolve in empty air. Throb-throb-throb then ceased, and all was still. Kb longer a hush, but silence deep as death from stem to'stern of the night-enshrouded ship. Captain Ben had his hand upon the companion hatchway, but he stopped and stood there motionless, the tall mate held the lantern high aloft, and all eyes were turned aft in the dark- > ness. | Ben knew what was coming and so; did Frank, and knew too, whose were the advancing footsteps. 4 We are broke down, sir.* * I'm very sorry to hear it, engineer. Without a breath of wind or air, with a storm of some kind brewing, in this terrible darkness, and with shoals not far off perhaps, I don't think our position is one to he envied. Any jchance of your being able to repair her soon?' ' JVJot a ghost of a chance for days or weeks, if ever.' 4 Well, it can't be helped, Mr. Dean. Let the fires out. Mate, seeto it that the sails are ready to lie hoisted at a moment's notice.* * Ay, ay, sir,' * And listen,'-Ben talked almost in a whisper-4 see that the boats are watered, provisioned, and all ready to lower.' * Ay, ay, sir/ When Frank and Ben wenit below again, they found Oholly himself seated at the piano. * Been trying to cheer the ladies. up, Capting dear,' he said, ' but whatever have you been all up to ? Poor mate hats got spirits on the brain, hasn't he ? But What have yon stopped the ship for, eh f At that very moment, and just 38 Captain Ben was about to reply to Chflily'a banter, the sky-light and saloon were' lit upby aglare of lights oiog of such brilliaucy, that the lamps even seemed to bnra yellow and dun by comparison. Those whose ga#e happened to be turned upwards at the lime could see eveiy rope and spar on deck stand ont as dark and clear as if it had been noontide. The silence that followed the flash was intense and long. No one moved from the position he or she had occu pied when the glare filled the saloon. The peal came at last, beginning with a far off muttering, drawing nearer and still more near, until it crashed over the chip with a din so deafening, so appalling, that when it ceased it was difficult indeed to believe, that masts had not been splintered, and yards and rigging hurled downwards on the deck. The storm now broke over the ship in all its fury, flash on flash, and peal on peal, the rain falling almost with the violence of a water-spout and break ing as it struck the deck into spray, In the glare of the incessant gleams of lightning, the falling rain looked like j cords of fire or streams of fire; golden, crimson, and bine, while sea and clonds seemed all ablaze. Without one half hour of intermis sion the storm raged all night long, ceasing only when the sun rose in the eastern horizon, and his blood-red beams flashed ever the heaving world of waters. And not till then did Frank McNaugliton turn in, all standing, for a few hours repose. Cholly was sonnd asleep, and had been so probably for many hours, for a man like this has no more knowledge of danger than a babe in arms. Breakfast was later that morning; Skipper Ben wasmore silent than usual bat Mrs. Colonel Keighly was radiant as usual, while Cholly was loud in his own praise. He must be a man in a million, he said, and a man of wondrous nerve, not to say pluck, to sleep all through a storm that every one agreed in saying was of the most terrific character. Ben was unusually silent, because the glass still kept down, and instead of showing the least tendency to rise, the mercury kept hugging the bottom of the tube. He could talk freely to Frank when the others went on deck. Indeed be ween these two men the most friendly of relations had been established, and. each respected the opinion of the other. * What do you make of it( Mr. Smith ?' £aid Ben. 1 It is the strangest thing I ever saw. A thunderstorm generally loosens the wind, but here we have j ust passed through as terrible an electric disturbance as ever I re member, and now while the glass keeps low, the weather is as still and sal try as ever. * * What I think is this,', answered Prank, * we are bound by all the laws of creation to have it before many hours are over.* : ;; * If it only would come on to blow now or very sooii,*; said Beti, * I'<1 lie pleased. Then. would there l» some some little chance of having it over before sundown, forbetween you and nie and the binnacle, Smith, I doo'l like oar sitaationnor our surronnd ingB.' * Considerably out of our course, aren't we?' * ' * Ay, that we are. There has been a current running like A mill-stream to the nor'ard and west, a current that seems to me inexplicable.' * During the short twilight last flight, Captain, did you notice any thing unusual ?' 'Now we're getting at it* said Ben, glad yon saw that beautiful but unusual afterglow.' * And your opinion f ' I never saw the same before ex cept once, and that was when 1 was a boy, in these very seas, but much nearer to the equator. The cause, then, Mr. Smith, was what I could go bound it is now-a terrible earth quake and volcanic eruption with, perhaps, the destruction of an island or two far away in the North Pacific.' ' Precisely my own impression,' said Frank/ * Well, let us go on deck. If it were not for the confounded unknown rocks and shoals hereabouts, I'd feel easy enough. There isn't a stronger better clipper-built craft than the Mountain Wave sails the seas 'twixt here and Alaska, though maybe it does not look well for a skipper to boast about his own ship.' 'Heis a poor sailor that doesn't,' said Frank wa»mly. 'Love for one's ship, sir, is only a species of patriot ism after all, and quite as much to be admired as a landsman's love for the country that gave^iim birth.' ' Bravo! young man. I guess now I would'nt ask for a better first officer for any ship 1 commanded than your honest, straightforward self, and, look here, if you'll only say you'll'sail with Die next cruise I'll make an opening for you as sure as my name's Ben Boniface. Now, what say you. Be held out his hand while he spoke, and Frank grasped it warmly, while the tears of gratitude sprung to his eyes. * Captain Ben,* be said, ' there is'no man ! would sooner sail with than you. But what the -future may hold in store for poor me, the God of Heaven only knows. At pre sent I am under a cloud.' * Bother the cloud,' cried Ben, ' Here lad, let me prophecy a bit for you. I don't as a rule go in f or that kind o' thing, but there is good iu your face, and it is goodthathas root deep down in your heart* and mark my words, the cloud will pass away.' * Now, we'll go on deck.* No one knew the temper of the Mountain Wave better than her skipper, or how best to manage her under the most adverse circumstances. The Wave was like a spirited horse that frets under the guidance of a stranger, but knows, as if intuitively, the master's touch and master's voice. #a£Well, perhaps,that Captain BenpentioiL derk whenhe did. "The talljttiate wasj Bfewtiing filwiopf. yoTHr lyspd with fear by the now useless wheel. Be was talking in short, gasping sentences to the man, whose fingers /Whene on the spokes, bat his browS lowered, his eyes gleamed and one long arm was pomtedastero. VWhat is it ? -What can it be P* he wassaymg. But Ben, «ye, and Frank too, took m the situation at a glance. Andhere is what they saw. Along low bank of clouds, like snow-capped hills, rising slowly over the northern horizon. The horizon itself, a straight hue of dazzling white, and between it. and the cloud-tops the blackness of darkness, relieved only by the incessant play of lightning. Benseized a speaking trumpet that lay on the skylight, though as yet there was no need to use it, then quick and fast he gave his orders, h's energy flashing as it were from stem ! to, stern of the fhip and affecting I everyone with reach of his voice. j * Call all hands, Smith/ Frank j gladly took to duty now-' Let loose j the jib sheets. Set stay sails, mat" Anything to steady her. Another man to the wheel. Better get a lash ing round you lads. Get the heim amidships. Keep your weather eye lifting, and ears open to obey orders. Ladies,' he added, turning to the place where Mrs Colonel Keighly and her daughter sat on the quarter-deck pale with fear, * Ladies, you must go be low. Mr Harrison get them below at once, and remain below yonrself. Now then Jacob '--this to the second mate-* get the tarpaulin out and batten down. See it is coming up * hand over hand. In less than five minutes the ship was battened down, and the hardy, handy Yankee crew stood ready for ] anything. ! ' Look out for yourselves, boys.' | shouted Ben, through the trumpet now, for already the wind was singing in the rigging as if every rope or stay was a harp string, while the mutter ing thunder mingled with the roar of the angry seas far astern. ' Look but j for yourselves, boys. We'll ship a j drop of water and don't yon forget it. Get hold-' His words were un heard if indeed they had been spoken. A huge mountain sea crested with foam-a perfect wall of water came up with the roar of the wind a little abaft of the port quarter. The good i ship payed off a trifle, jib and staysail j ballooned/)ut, and as if scared beyond measure, or like ja wild beast suddenly awakened in the wilderness, the barque tossed for one moment her bows in the air, as the green sea tumbled in over stern and quarter, then started forward and flew before the fearful squall. God ! how awfully the wind howled through the rigging, and was it the thnnder that rattled so, or the rent and ribboned canvas, or was it both comb'iipd ? A wind like this could not blow from one quarter very long, though its direction would not change all at once. A morsel of square sail, no matter how small, would steady her from broaching to, as tbe merciless waves beat and buffeted her It was now by wild gesture and personal prowess that Ben and Frank got the men to do what was wanted of them. But would that morsel of close reefed fore topsail stand the awful strain ? It was their only hope, but it failed them not. After & time, Pen, who still gstood by Frank, both lashed to the rigging, pointed to. the little sail and smiled. Frank nodded and smiled in turn. Better this than any wordii&at; could be spoken. 'fi'il impossible to describe the first force and 1W of tbe waves that dashed on boat d. They could only be described by their effects. ?Ali thatday the storm raged, snd all that night the warm seas swept over the seemingly doomed craft. No one thought of going below. ISo one could have gone below for either rest or bite or sup. But lo! just as daylight dawned and the first rays of sunshine lit up the angry sea with a Hood of golden glory, the wind fell as if by magic, the men unlashed themselves and more sail was speedily set and the vessel kept a point or two nearer her probable course. Up and up though the yellow haze rose the sun and then the destruction that the hurricane had effected began to be reckoned. The upper deck was a complete wreck. Even the winch had been torn up and stood almost on end against the remains of the bulwarks round the bows. The boats-two at least-were carried away or tossed hither and thither in splinters in the surf, malntopmast and jibboom were both gone, and sad sight, two men hung dead over their lashings near to the fore rigging, each, strange to say, had a fearful gash across the forehead as if the same piece of wood had cut them both dead at the same moment Not a drop of blood remained in their bodies, not a drop of' blood was any where about, and the ghastly wounds in brow and cheek were clean washed out, the raw flesh having the appear ance of young pork. The men rubbed their eyes and stared dazedly around them, then commenced to count their number, Five men had been washed overboard and two were hanging there dead. Seven lost in all. CHAPTER XXJLV III.-ALONE ON A WIDE aitd WINDLESS SEA. No, sorrows seldom, come singly, and it is to be doubted whether the position the passengers and crew of the Mountain Wave found themselves in, some days after the hurricane was not worse than their situation while the seas swept the decks of the sturdy barque. Alone on a wide and windless sea, without the power of movement or of motion; the very waves had fallen, leaving the breast of ocean a level illimitable expanse of , leaden water that seemed hardly to reflect the down-poured rays of the fierce and burning sun. Not a sail in sight, not an island, not a bird. Sometimes a black speck or line appearing here and there, and anon disappearing, leaving the surface rippled for a time, and showing where a shark had been basking. Silence all day long, a deeper silence at night, and stars that gave a feeble glimmer through a kind of luminous haze. And this lasted for days-for a week and more-and still no wind ruffled the face of the great deep; no cloud appeared in the sky. Only, by night there shone above the horizon a scimitar moon, which everyone hailed with delight, as if it were a token that a change must soan come, and the ship once more awaken from this death-dream and go bounding north wards over a wind-swept sea. A change! Yes, it came. But what a change. It came so quietly; too. Sitting under the awning in her deck chair one day, with Frank on a low footstool reading to her, his eyes intent on his pet poet, Tilda saw the doctor walk up to Captain Ben on the quarter-deck aiid talk to him low and j seriously. * You don't say so. God bless wy soul!' These were the startling words she heard the Captain utter, Tilda grasped Frank's hand. Her own felt cold and hard, as if the blood had surged backwards from it towards the heart. ] 4 Will, O, Will,' she cried, ' some j thing fearful has occured. Look ati the captain's face and look at the doctor's.' ] Frank got slowly up from his seat. He made a step or two forward^ as if to go towards the doctor for the pur pose of speaking to him, but immedi ately drew back, remembering with innate, modesty that he was almost guilty of a breach of etiquette. Tfae captain noticed his hesitation and beckoned to him, and the three went together to Ben's cabin. * Sit down, doctor, and we'll consult. Mr Smith, be seated. I don't forget your services duiing the hurricane, Mr Smith, and indeed I look upon yon as one of ourselves, and as part and parcel of the ship.' * Thank yon,' sa»d Frank, somewhat shyly, *yoii do me great honour, sir.* * And now,* said Sen, * I guess we're J ust in about the ugliest fix any ship ever found herself in. Broken down, becalmed, deficient in spars, short in crew, short of boats, and to cap all, the calamity our good sur geon has just reported to me Tell Mr Smithy doctor, hide nothing.' 4 It is soon told,1 said the surgeon. (Fever has broken out, Mr Smith, among the steerage passengers. I have three down with it already.' 4 The nature of the fever ?' said Ben. * Don't spare us. I want to look my difficulties straight in the face. I can't fight 'em else. 'Yellowback!' * I hen Heaven in His mercy help us,' said Frank. 'Amen!' said the skipper. 'What is the usual mortality, doctor ?' ' About one in three, sir ; bnt- ' He hesitated. ' Speak out, doctor. Don't let ns underrate our danger. The greatest mistake one who has got to meet a foe is to underrate his strength and power.' 'Under the circumstances which we are now placed, I doubt if I can save one in two. There is the dread ful suffocating heat, the formerly con fined odours of bilge, now set free by the recent gale, and the want of ven tilation in or round the ship. A breeze of wind, however, might alter things in a day, sir.' * Have yon any opinion, doctor, as to the cause of the outbreak ?' ' Only that some of these passengers came directly from infected ports and that since then the dreadful disease has lain dormant, only to be wakened into life by the state of the weather.' ' You talk like a book, doctor, but I've heard it maintained, that this plague is not infectious.' ' That may or may not be,' said the surgeon, ' all I know, sir, is jbhat it is here now, and the main question after all is how are we to limit its spread. We cannot cure a single case, mind, sir. We can only place the patient in the most favourable conditions, pos sible, and trust to guide him through it.' Ben stood up now as if to bring the interview to an end. * Well, my good doctor,' he said, 'you'll please remember that, to all intents aud purposes, the ship is now under your charge. We are here but to sail her, aud we are in every other way under your orders. Give those orders to carpenter or sail-maker, or anyone else who can assist you.' Much though Captain Ben Boniface would have desired to keep matters secret, as to the nature of the malady, the truth flew fore and aft the ship, as bad news ever does, and in less than an hour, both ladies were aware that the Mountain Wave was a plague stricken vessel. Tilda held up well under the awful news, but her mother seemed at once to collapse. ' We are doomed! we are doomed!' she cried, wringing her hands, while her very lips grew blue with fear and dread. * O, captain, save us,' she continued 'save me and save my precious child from this fearful calamity.* 'Lord love you lady, I and my officers will do everything it is in our power to do. But it is not our best plan dear Mrs. Colonel ELeighly to begin byflyingin the face of Almighty Providence.* *Iehal!go at dnee iti cabin, Come childf and we shalL not come forth again till the pl^ue is^t^ed/ The doctor happening to appearon the quarter-deck at this moment the lady drew back with horror depicted in her countenance* * (jo away^' she cried- 4 DoMiOt ^ome near ub. Keep to yoiirpatients. You are doing wrong Captain Boni face, to permit the surgeonto come aft here, straight from the hot-bed of the terrible pestilence? The doctor drew himself tip with some degree of haughtinesB. * Have a care, my good lady,' he said, * how yon talk. I only hope and trust yon may not be only too glad to welcome the ship's doctor ere many days go by* But I wish to tell you that if each be the case yoa will in all probability have only yourself to blame.1 * Pray, what mean you, sir r' * I mean that fear opens the door for fever to enter. Take my advice, it is rea'ly well meant. Go about as if nothing were happening. You can not be too much in the open air, nor can you live too well. Shut yourself up in your cabin and the worst may happen.' * O, mother,' said Tilda, ' I am not going to make a prisoner of myself, fever or no fever.' The doctor looked at her with evident admiration. The truth is, that this shy but honest surgeon, had lost his heart to Miss Keighly weeks ago. * Bravo!' he said, * bravo, miss, you are a plucky girl. I can see that you will not take the fever/ But no amount of persuasion could prevent Mrs. Colonel Keighly from shutting herself up in her cabin. * No one koew better than Ben Boni face the value of work to a erew situ ated as his now was. Luckily, or un luckily, there was plenty to do both fore and aft, low and aloft, in repair ing damages. The skipper was a good sailor, and he never left port unprepared for possible catastrophes. He had plenty of wood on board, and plenty of spars as well, so he set the hands to work to make and rig a new jibboom, and fashion some sort of a main top mast. Only a jury arrange ac the best, but they served the turn and they kept the men from thinking and fear or panic is a terrible depres sant. Then there were the bulwarks to be temporarily repaired, and the winch to get down and refasten in the posi tion from which it had been torn by the awful hydraulic pressure of the ocean. This last was a labour of the greatest difficulty, and hot completed for several days. Meanwhile, by the doctor's orders, a kind of hospital was erected on the fore part of the upper ceck near to the fo'c'sle. It was plentifully sup plied with cots, and thither on the very first appearance of illness the i -atients were borne, and tenderly cared for by the doctor and his volunteer nurses. Still, despite all precautions, despite all could be done for the wretched passengers, .they went on dying. Perhaps no more virulent or speedily fatal form of this dread pestilence ever raged on board a ship. A man would be taken i'l on the forenoon of one day and was dead sunset next evening. Usually there is some re mission of the agonising symptoms, though a relapse speedily ending in collapse usually ensues. In the case' of this ship, there was seldom any thing of this sort, and the first seize was the last. The deadly pallor of the face and blueness of the lipB; were quickly succeeded by the yetyow ness or almost blackness of the brow, and ^conjunctiva of eyes, the sickness and' pain ot the epigastrium were never absent, nor the awful retching and vomiting of bile and blood. Very soon too the most agonising cramps followed. In some cases as dreadful to relateas to witness a poor, wretch aitackedby these cramps, would spring with a wild, excited scream from his cot to the deck, fall down, and benfc.liike a bow, resting but on heels anil head, give one or two convulsive movements and expire. Thebramp had seized the heart and; squeezed the life straight but from the tortured body as quickly' andjeffect tuoliy **£ ^ tlie chest had been com-] pressed inthe coils ©f a boa-con sfarictor. In olher cases coma ended the scene, the miserable man lying for hoars, with half-open eyes and the - death rattle in his throat. But a large proportion of the suf ferers went delirious or even madere death put ar merciful end to theirsuf ferings. It wa^ sad tohear a patient in his cot, or & patient in that, raving i . of the home and Jriend6 he . should; never, never see again; or with, dry and swoollen lips babbling of green Melds dnd brdoklefcs that r^,n riot tLmtiiig the wild flowers incool, mossy ddle or woodland. , Ana evgri. after sunset for a whole fortnightduring which no wind, ever blew, and the very sea itself seemed to torn putrid; black1' and awfnl corpses were sewn .up fa hammock or sheet and dropped over board in the darkness. On board a man-of-war shot would have been used to sink the bodies ; they would have dropped into, the ocean and gone down, in a moment far beyond the reach of the watchful sharks. But in the Mountain Wave there was no shot, and not ewii iron to sink the corpses ; and-why hide the' troth .?-reven as Parsees in the 'Tower of Silence give the bodies of their dead to be de voured by vultures, so the people of the Wave threw theirs to the sharks. It was a weary time and a terrible. During these two sad and solemn weeks, the number of passengers was reduced from fifty to ten. But won derful to relate the plague had all but spared the crew. I am not in duty bound while telling my story, to assign any physiological reason for this fact, all I can say is I am not painting this plague-stricken ship from imagination, but from the grim life and death. But the seamen of the Wave were all pick* d men-Yan kees, every one, fellows of activity and jboldness, with never an ounce of spare fat on their bodies, fellows who fed wey and were never allowed, on board ship at all events, to indulge to excess in . liver-killing rum, or that still viler stimulant new-made JH ol lands, which, on the other hand, the passengers-who, by the way, had been all men--were as miserable and puny a lot as ever sought refuge in a steerage. Many among them had been, in a good way of living once, and had left their old land of liberty to make fortunes in Australia, but suc cumbing to temptation and gin, worn by want and misery, had spent their last few pounds in purchasing a ticket to carry them home again once more. Froih the very commencement to the bitter end Miss Keighley, or Tilda let us continue to call her* had been the the doctor's first lieutenant and head uurse. So different in every respect was sha from her poor cowed mother that Frank and Ben came to the conclusion that her father-who, by the way had been killed in the great civil war-mugt have been^inijeeda bjave Tppn. Tildftj dwffied is the < lightest andtidiest-^j$f ^talwi^' fort to many apained apd weary one,; and soothing eventhe*last moments of; thedying, Many in tiheir strange j delirium mistook her for an absent sister or mother and called her tender names. Wbile m every way tiie ministering angel forward, Tilda #es quite as cheerful as . ever aft*, and usually found time to ptit in anSppear-* ance fdr a short titiie at jtriflals, tifter which slue would go cjuiefci^r gwajf io < her self imposed duties, aud peru^it j fhfi surgeon to come aft. Thus the j t wo did the work by tarns. But Mrs. Colonel Keigley 'knew j nothing of all this. She stuck close j to her cabin and spent most of her j time in bed. Her maid she never could permit to leave her either by j day or night, and poor little Rachel j was nearly worn out by watching. At first, while the men were busy making repairs the lady could not disabuse her mind of the notion that they were making coffins* and frequently she would send Rachel for the captain. * Coffins, madam ?* said Ben. * No, j dear lady, we don't want coffins. I 1 But are not the wretched men dying in dozens. 4 Oh, dear, no, Mrs Colonel Keighly don't imagine that, I pray. And as to coffins, no such refinement is eVer resorted to on board ship. We sew them up, madam, and j ust let them slide.' The doctor was also frequently summoned to the good lady 8 cabin, but Rachel bad strict orders to see that before he came anywhere near he had washed his hands and changed his dress. And even with these .pre cautions he was not allowed to advance beyond the door. He was not only asked to prescribe for her, but instructed what to prescribe. He was glad to give into her, and during the time the plague raged rampant on the Wave this nervous lady lived principally on bromide of potassium, cordials, brandy and syrup of chloral. So it was no wonder she grew more and more weak and nervous every day. How she would have behaved had she known that poor young Tilda with her womanly nature and gentle heart was nursing the sick but coming freely out and. into the cabin may .never be known. What weary longing eyes both Ben and Frank used to turn skywards both by day and by night, how anxiously they used to watch the glass. ' O for a breeze!' the captain would sigh,c a breeze, a breeze to stay the plague V But the breeze never came. Cholly was afraid of something at last. No perils of the sky or ocean could affect him, but this unseen death that was stalking around the ship in the glare of the sunshine or in the darkness of the still and dismal rjiglits p.oved itself a very terror to him. It was clutching at the throats of the passengers forward, it might at any moment con;e aft and clutch at his. The thought was a fearful one to Cholly. He was not prepared to die, or whether prepared or not, he had no desire to, Just as his prospects were so very bright too, and the whole world «f pleasure apparently expand iog before him. And now his temperance principles were sadly shaken. He could not stand up before the fear of this grim spectre death without stimulants. And on going to his cabin one even ing Frank, to his horror, found Cholly lying insensible, on the couch, and near him, on the fl< or, the bottle of mm, To get this rum he had fonnd a chisel and wrenched open the cup board. Poor Frank, the sight almost un .manned, him.. What msght iiot happen no# ! was in the power of this man, - this man was in. the power of demon drmk. J:TO BE CONTINUED.] 