? f COPYRIGHT.} Natures Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, •fr.tt.O — <J ii AFTER X. —Costik vi:». b y a t h a w e s t b u r t . ' 4 No, sergeant. When I emi<r»'ated to Australia, soon afcer the Iudi»a Muiiny. i sold the pension for a hundred pounds ready cash to one Is.-wics, a Jew, in Bond Street., London, by permission of the Horse Guards. In Melbourne I hud an idea that I should make a fortuue with niv small capita], but lo ! it vanished like a Will o' the Wisp." . " What did you do?" "Oh, the Government provided me. with a billet soon, afterwards," said Grange, with a short laugh. " A lame man has but a poor chance for a living outside the wing of the Civil Service." 4 4 You wers in the Civil Service ? That should have been a good tiling, comrade." 4 4 Perhaps ; however, I didn't like it, and was very glad to—to resign," responded the ex-dragoon, with another laugh. 4 4 It was in Yictoria I first saw- Mr Van—I mean Mr Jocelyn." 4 4 Where 1" " lu Yictoria," answered the other. i It is something like five years ago since Mr Jocelyn left Melbourne, but I knew him again the moment I saw him last 11 i if lit." The sergeant burst into a gruff laugh. " You had belter mind what you are at," he said, after a pause. "There is evidently seme mistake. The J. P. has never seen Victoria. He came straight here from Penzance, Cornwall, to superintend the New Venture 1 Coal Mine at Green Island, of which lie is part owner." % The tramp stare3 at the sergeant with just the shadow of a doubt in his mind as to Mr Jo,;elyn's identity." " Mistakes are often made," he says, presently, "audit is just likely I may have made a blunder in this case. I mean to be certain about it, it you'll have the kindness to show me where he is to be found." '"All right, comrade, but let me warn you to be careful. Mr Jocelyn is a hard, stein fellow, and a magistrate to boot. Come witli me to my room, and 1*11 try and make you a trifle more presentable for your interview," and wheelingsudderi- Iy about as if he had been practising tlie ** balance step," the old dragoon led liis companion up a narrow stair to a wide apartment set out after the manner of a small barrack- room, and entering here with the tramp he closed the door. Sergeant Gunn's caution to his new found comrade with reference to Mr Jocelyu was certainly given in good faith, for no one name in Westland stood so high in public estimation as that of Ralph Jocelyu, Esq., J.P. Besides being a Magistrate he was a member of the Borough Council, and President of the School Board. No gathering for charitable purposes was complete without him, and his donation usually headed the list. Mr Jocelyn, though much sought after by the elite of Westland,. rarely visited his : neighbours, •' (Gleucourt excepted), aud in consequeuce- rarely invited anyone to Stradmere. It might be said of him that he was a bachelor, and rich enough to please himself in any caprice or whim that he fancied. He had a magnificent residence, a posse of servants, and a housekeeper who was devoted to his interests. Beyond these things the outside world knew very little of Mr Jocelyn's domestic life. CHAPTER XI. MB. JOCELYN, J,P. It was fully two hours before the. tramp came forth, his outer man transformed out of all recognition, save for his lameness, by a respectable suit of clothing and highly polished boots furnished to him by the sergeant. "Clothing does not make the man," saith the adage, but in this case the old saying was wrong. The tattered, limping wretch who had entered the sergeant's room, scarcely anything human in his rags and dirt and misery, stood here now a smiling, hale looking man of forty. A clean shave, with a copious supply of water, and a suit of brown tweed had ipadeall the difference in him. At worst he was not a bad-looking fellow. Save for an ugly scar, which gave to his mouth a sinister aspect, he was well-featured, and not by any means the hang dog footpad he had seemed through the prejudiced spectacles of the lodgekeeper. Mr Jocelyn reclined on a sofa, smoking a very aromatic cigar when the wayfarer was ushered into his presence. For a moment he sat up and stared at the figure before him. " Are you the chap that opened the gate last night ?" " Yes." * 4 I'm glad to see you have made yourself presentable before calling on me," returned the magistrate with a most gracious smile, in which a sneer was hidden. " Take a seat, my good fellow, and tell me to what fortunate event I am indebted for this visit. The tramp, not seeming to heed the sarcastic taunt, looked coolly round about the luxurious apartment. There were one or two cosy seats at his side, but the man limped across the room to an arm-chair with a high back, which stood by the window. Seating himself here he had the magistrate's face full to the light, which was evidently what the visitor desired. "1 thank you, Mr Jocelyn," he says, quietly, but laying peculiar stress upon the two last words. " It's very hard for a lame man like myself to get about with any degree of comfort." "You are really lame, my friend," quoth the J.P., looking hard at the tramp. " No shamming to create sympathy ? Men of your class are usually clever rascals, who can adopt the cripple in all its phases to suit time and circumstance. Why did you come here V -Did I not warn you that beggars were .unwelcome ?" 4 4 1 am not a beggar." • " Oh, I see, your begging has departed with your rags. You are a gentlemau now, I suppose. Well, let me ask again why you have sousrht an audience with ffle ?'' Mr Jocelyn turned his look full at his companion as he asked the question, at -the same time rising to his feet. The tramp looked at the man before him sailed, " I trust you will be patient with a poor ' devil, sir. I came to you to crave a boon." ' 44 Of course you did ; I knew that,"' 1 responds Mr Jocelyn with his merciless sneer. 4 4 What did you do with the crownpiece I flung you, eh ?" I could not find it in the dark ; besides, I do not want money," reiterated the ex-dragoon. "Let me repeat I came to you for advice." The magistrate stared. He was beginning to think that the man was some poor lunatic broken from an asylum iu the vicinity. "Fellow, what can <herfl be between you r.nd myself?'" he said, sternly. " What is ur name V' " Allan Grange, but better known to :;iy f.lends as No. 07H2," replied the tramp, quietly, without go much as look- ing at, his companion. For just the ghost of a second a short, sharp spasm of pain or fear, or some un- \- xpected surprise. caused the thin lip& io tighten about, the small, glistening teeth of Mr .Jocelyn. With a hearty guii'aw he Jay hack oil the sofa the next moment. Eirad ! you're a character in your way, Mr Grange," he said. "I should very much like to know what you mean by No. 9702. Was that your number in the madhouse ?" 4 1 .No ; it was my number in Peni ridge Stockade Prison, Melbourne, Australia," said Grange, in the same quiet tone. "Ah I then _vou are a convict at large, my line fellow,'' cried his worship, again showing his teeth. " That's true. I am a convict, and at liberty ; but lawfully so, mind that !"' " You mean to say you are a discharged prisoner 1" "I do." "Have you your discharge with you?" I am not bound to answer that question, am 1 •?" enquired Grange with a queer light in his eyes. " Certainly not, my good fellow," says Mr Jocclyn. soothingly. " The law has it that a man may not criminate himself ; buc unfortunately I happen to bo a magistrate, aud my duty will be to hand you over to Sergeant Jenkins, the ollicer in charge of police at Havelock, if you cau- not prove what you say." 1 4 Your worship will not be hard upon a poor devil ! How if I have lost my parchment ?" " In that case I shall feel it my bounden duty to send you back to, Victoria for identification," added. the magistrate, with a smile. The tramp shuddered. "God help us! There are some natures that nothing will change," he muttered, more to himself than to his companion. The other heard, and replied in his soft, mocking voice,— 4 4 You are right, my friend. There are some men whom it would be useless to attempt to reform. Besides, justice demands that every honest man should be protected from the rogue." " Just so," replied the tramp. "That is the creed of your respectaele churchgoer, the modern Pharisee, who goes his way rejoicing that he is one of the elect. The i Lord help any poor wretch who should, even by accident, come between the wind of his, or her, saintship'a nobility. i say, the Lord pity us poor fallen, weak, aud sinful ones—we, wiiom Christ came to save—pity and shield us from socalled Christian love, and the ready sympathy of our kind '!" Mr Jocelyn indulged iu a hearty roar of laughter. '* Egad, my friend, the efforts of the gaol chaplain have evidently not be thrown away on you," he said. " Let me call your attention to the fact that you came here to seek my advice. Now to business." " Tiiat's it, your worship—to business," said the tramp, at the same time pulling outan old newspaperfrom an inner pocket of his coat, and opening it out before him, " You said just now that the honest man must be protected troin the rogue. Well, it is upon this one point I have sought an interview with' you." 4 - Good ! Proceed." " What I.have to say may appear somewhat strange to a gentlemau like yourself," continued Grange, 4 ' but 1 can vouch for the truth of it. Some years ago a young man in the Civil Service, Victoria, became acquainted with—and I may add, subsequently married—a very wealthy widow. Tnis same widow was old enough ro be her husband's mother. Site had sons aud daughters much older than, the mau who took her to church, but that did not signify. The young man had not married for love, but money." " What was his name, frieud ?" asked the magistrate, lighting auother cigar. 4 4 Name—Jocelyn Vanborough—better known amongst a certain portion of the Melbourne community as Van. As I was saying, your worship, Vantorough married the widow fcr what she had, or, more properly speaking, what he could get from ner. On their wedding day she gave him a choque for five thousand pounds to settle certain debts of honor iucurred on the turf. Soon after his marriage "Van made the acquaintance of two notables, viz., oneRatazki Barjew, a Pole, and an imported turlite—well known on the English racecourse—Sydney Black. The latter kept a fashionable gaming hell—the resort of all the low ana vicious of the city of Melbourne. Amongst such a worthy trio, Mrs Vanborough's coffers underwent a severe drain. The good lady saw, when too late, to what a soulless wretch she had mated herself, and resolved to save the remnant of her money for her children. She absolutely refused to give her husband auother penny. Van borough had been a plump pigeon to pluck, but under the guidance of hiB friends he became a hawk in turn. The three men met in consultation one day, and determined that Mrs Vanborough had lived long enough in this wicked world. It was well known to the husband that his wife h.id made a will, leaving the bulk of her property to her eldest son. The three conspirators formed a plan to steal tiiis document, and replace it with one in favor of tlie husband. Do you follow me your worship ?" With both ears, friend." I need not detail to your worship," continued Grange, " how the Pole managed to get into the establishment of Mrs Vanborough as cook. This man, although a villain, excelled in the culinary art. A certain cognac became the instrument by which he purposed to effect his ends, for the sole task of the crime had been entrusted to him. Chemists wili tell you that a little brandy now and then is a very excellent remedy for many of the ills that flesh is heir to, but brandy absorbed in everything you eat or drink continually becomes a sure and deadly poison to the absorber. The Pole determined to kill his victim by small doses ot brandy. To say by what means the ruffian accomplished his crime (for he did accomplish it) is beside my purpose. Mrs Vanborough died, and was buried. When her will was opened it was found that the whole of her property was left to her husband- without codicil or proviso whatever. Messrs Barjew, Black, and Vanborough were in high feather for a time, but ' murder will out ' they say, and it came out in this case. A clever young medico, who had attended Mrs Vanborough, discovered sufficient evidence to warrant an enquiry. The enquiry led to the arrest of the offenders, who were committed for trial. If these ihree men had remained quiet they would have been acquitted ; but Sydney Black, while in gaol, became alarmed for his own personal and turned Queen's evidence." " Aii 1 I see. Hatazki Barjew and the man Landsborough, or Vanborough, were hung ?" interrupted the magistrate. " Not so, your worship. The Pole died ui prison befo.-e his trial. Jocelyn Vanborough was found guilty, and sentenced io ten years at the S'oekade, Pentri'ige." " And tlie informer Ulack—Sydney Black I think you said Wa3 released, and went his way rejoicing," added the tramp, quickly. " Vour story is a strango one, as you remarked iust now,'"' alter a long aud thoughtful pause, in which he had mentally measured his companion LIS T-urely as an athlete may gu.igo rlie strength of an adversary. 4 4 Now my good inend, will you tell mo what bearing any or either of these luliiatis have on the matter at issue." "Certainly, your worship.- Jocelyn Vanborough, one ot the, three murderers, escaped from Pen triage, S'ptembiT IS—, just live years and two months a'_ro." 4 'Wein" " I know where the escaped convict is to be found at this moment," t-aid the tramp, tlowly, and looking straight into the eye3 of his companion. 4 4 Indeed ! Stop a moment ; your testimony had better Lie taken down in black and white," and Mr Jocelyn rone up and stretched forth his hand tor the bell-rope. " As you please, your worship," said the tramp. In the act of ringing the captain paused. " Perhaps I had better hear all you have to say, my friend, ll may save time." CHAPTER XII. FENCING. No greater contrast could be found than between thesu two men. The one eager aud watchful as a lynx ; the other cold, careless and cynically indifferent. 4 1 Better hear what you have to say," repeated Mr Jocelyu. " After all the whole business may not be worth investigating." 4 4 Your worship will think differently by aud bye " said Grange. 4 4 Perhaps so, my friend ; but first I should like to know something about yourself. By your own showing you have only just emerged from Peutridge. How did you get there ?" For stealing a racehorse, so my prosecutors said," replied the tramp. 4 4 Of course you did not steal the animal, friend. ' 4 4 No," said Grange, not appearing to heed the sarcasm. "1 am an old cavalry man—a sort of useless commodity in the colonies. After a tew ups and dbwna I managed to get a billet as one of the grooms to Major Weldon, a noted sportsman, who at that time owned some of the crack racers of the day." 4 4 Do you mean Mijor Weldon of Pinefalls Station." " The same, sir. The major had his stud at Hawthorn, under the care of Harvey Thomas, his trainer. Before that 1 had been groom to Jocelyn Vanborough, and having somehow got mixed up with the trial of that gentleman, inasmuch as I was obliged to give most ugly evidence against him and his confederates, the trainer hesitated to employ me. I got a place, however, and my especial care was to watch and ward a grand chestnut called the Cardinal, whom Thomas wa3 preparing for the cup. One evening, three weeks before the great race, i received a note from the trainer to bring the Cardiual over to Flemington. I obeyed. Oa the road 1 wa3 beset by three men, who dragged me from the saddle, and stupified me with chloroform. Insensible, they conveyed nie to an old untenanted house on the Sydney Road beyond Coburg, where I was found by the police two day.3 afterwards. I told my story, but was disbelieved, and sent to gaol on suspicion of having sold or made away with my charge. While I was in prison the horse was found by the police. This was after the cup had beeu run for. A man named Dangears, in whose possession Cardinal was discovered, swore that I had sold him the animal for £ol). A witness corroborated this man's evidence, and I, of course, was settled for." The tramp paused to wipe the perspiration from his rugged face. *' My sentence was seven years on the roads of the colony, the first year in irons," continued Grange. " 1 was alone without kith or kin to mourn my degradation, so didn't mind much what they did with me. By degrees, however, the whole force of the damnable injustice done to me began to plague my thoughts, ki that heli-hole, the quarry, aud beneath a fierce sun, they made the cripple work with the rest. Many a time I have hewn with my pick a rough outliue in the solid granite of the man's face who swore my name and my liberty away, and it has given me a savage pleasure hacking it out of all shape and likeness of anything human again, as, I swear to you, I will do with the real face of the villain who has plunged me into such misery." A loud grunt from Jocelyn, but whether of assent or dissent at the speaker's threat none could say. " I had not been long in pentridge, your worship, before 1 became intimate with my old master, Jocelyn Vanborough. Somehow, by his clever way of reckoning, he managed to convince me that he had no hand in the death of his wife. We were iu the same gang, and, one day— feeling his way with me cautiously at ft rs t—he proposed a plan for our escape from bondage. Some of his friends outside, and Mr Vanborough appeared to have some very faithful and daring friends, managed to secrete the necessary appliances amongst tlie rocks in the vicinity of the quarry. Acting on the advice of Vanborough I secreted the tools about my person, and conveyed them safely to my cell. This being accomplished, my friend walked straightway to one of the warders aud disclosed the plot : save and except his share in it. Jocelyn Vanborough was promoted to an easier life for his—zeal, your worship, while I—well, 1 don't remember much of the next twelve months, for I was at once taken out of the gladsome sight of the sun into the murky blackness of hell. When I came forth again, lo ! the treacherous scoundrel had vanished. He had made me the stepping stone to a more sure plan of escape for himself, which he succeeded in effecting." "Ah ! I see my friend. Vanborough, as you call him, was never captured 2" " And how long is it since he capped from Pentridge ?" 4 4 Between five and six years ago." "Humph! A man may change c* i- siderably in that time," says Mr Jocelyn, reflectively. 4 4 Jocelyu Vanborough will never change in this world out of my recognition of him," cries the other, solemnly. " Fiv» cS, or twenty-five will make no ditterence to me." " You say you know where this man is at the present time ?" 4 4 Yes, I know." " Did you come here to give the information to me because I am a magistrate ?" 4 4 That's it, your worship, I want your help to capture this mau and send hiin back again to Pentridge." responds Grange, quietly, :it r,iie same time taking up the failed newspaper before him. "If you wili read this you will iind there is a reward ottered for his reenpture." Mr Joclyn at retches forth lm hand, takes the p;;per, then rises aud goes to the window with it. £500 Rewaud. "The above wili be paid over to any " person who wili give information iead- 4i ing to the capture of Jocelyn Va.ii- 4 4 borough, who escaped from Peutridge " Stockade Prison, Victoria, on the Sth " of ^November. 18 . Description : 4i height, 5it. 10m ; fair complexion ; 4 ' eyes, blue ; has a method of naif clos- 4 ' ing them when looking at anything ; 4 4 prominent nose with scar oil bridge ; 4 4 month, good ; lost one tooth on left 4 4 upper side ; about 30 years of age ; ap- 4 4 pears younger ; address, gentlemanly. 4 4 Information to be forwarded to the " Commissioner of Police, Melbourne.'"' 4 4 The description is very minute?' says the captain, glancing .From the paper to his companion. 4 4 Does it fit the original 4 4 Pretty well, I think," responds the tramp, also rising and confronting his companion. 4 4 Now, 1 don'c want to be personal, but does it not strike your worship that this description might very well tit yourself V"' Mr Jocelyn laid down the paper without answering the question. There was a large mirror opposite the spot on which he stood, and he stared reflectively into this while Grange took up the faded newspaper. * 4 Your worship is about five feet ten inches," continued the tramp, turning his look Trom the paragraph to the magistrate. 4 4 You are fair also, and have been experimenting on your complexion with the juice of betel-nut. Do not your eyes aud nose tally exactly with those of the escaped Vanborough ? Ah ! you smile. Your worship shows me where you have iiad the dentist at work on that tooth, which was missing from the left upper side of your mouth." Mr Jocelyn still silent, cool, aud confident. He seemed to have no end of admiration for himself, as reflected by the mirror. 1 4 It appears a very strange coincidence that you should bear such a striking resemblance to the convict, does it not ?" says Grange, presently. 4 4 Is there not a danger that some rascal, tempted by the large reward here offered, might have your worship arrested on suspicion of actually being the prison breaker." 4 4 1 %" 4 4 You!" 4 4 My friend/' quoth the magistrate, softly. 4 4 you will never excel in the art of diplomacy. Somehow you have managed to deal yourself a very good hand, for, properly speaking, I hoid life simply as a game at cards. But, dear soul, although you have cleverly given unto yourself a brace of knaves j 7 ou have foolishly allowed me to see them. Enjo, you will have to deal again if you desire to win." 4 4 1 understand. To be forewarned is to be forearmed." " Men iu my position are always forearmed against the clumsy machinations your halt crazed importer, w'jo is either a beggar or a thief, or a combination of both," responds the magistrate. •* Why not say boldly that you are in need of twenty or tiny pounds, nay, a hundred, for the matter or that. I am rich, and, when the wnini seizes me, I can be ad liberal to the knave as to the fool." 4 4 Jocelyn Vanborough, alkis R ilph Jocelyn, E.-st]., J.P.," cries Grange, stern- iy, " you are the mail wanted here, you were as wealthy as Vanderbilt aud had the coffers of the Amsterdam Jew thrown iu, you are only an ex-convict, who must return from whence he came. To me shall be the task of seeing you ' safely housed in that dark den, to which your lying and perjured confederate consigned me, and which your falsehearted cruelty and treachery made doubly wretched." Mr Jocelyn laughed. 4 4 Not quite so fast, frieud," said lie. 4 4 There is an old saying, winch advises you to first catcU the hare before you eat it. Now you are sitting down to dine whilst the hare is in the woods. Bah ! you are but a poor muddler after all, Mr 976ii. I have had peep into your hand, in return for which yoa shall tee mine. Here am I, Mr It. Jocelyn, J.P., rich, honored, aud with a dozen influential friends at my beck aud call. There you are, my man, p.,or, needy, a. vagabond and gaol bird, without a stiver or a friend to nelp you. 1 have but to touch this bell, and say this man is a poor, demented creature. In his madness he imagines I am some low, ruffianly prison-breaker, whom he desires to capture and send back to gaol. Whew ! are seized and taken to the madhouse at Stanton, which, if it so pleases me, shall become your living tomb."' The poor tramp paled to the cheeks. In an instant he saw ihe position. The muu before him would be believed and obeyed without question. lie was evidently no match for Vanborough, in prison or out of it. 4 - Ah, your worship, I see I have been strangely mistaken in supposing you could possibly be the ex-convict Van- borough," cries Grange, readily, and with the confiding smiie of a diplomat. "The mistake was quite natural like under the circumstances.'' 4 4 Humph! 1 don't l.ke your sudden change ot front, my friend," said the other, a frown darkening his face. "Look here. I am a man who has the power to sweep twenty such as you out of my way every day in the week. Mark you wiiat I say. Your face tells me that you are positive I am Vanborough, the escapee from Pentridge Stockade. Well, to humor your crotchet. We wili suppose I am he. You are a man who has seen the extreme side of life. Misery and pain seems to have been your allotted portion. Tell me, what made you shudder just now when you spoke of the Stockade ? You, who have never had a glimpse of the suioolIi, easy, shinmg side of life that wealth, and the capacity to enjoy it brings." "I shuddered because the place is full of hell's torments."—be Continued. Mflfi 