PASSING- NOTES. By Faustine. The most notable femiuinc utterances of the week here liavo certainly been Mine- Sterling's speeches at the W.C.T. Union, and Miss Scott's exhaustive report on the general progress of the women's suffrage movement, read at tho meeting of the league on Wednesduy. Tho first lady's denuncia tion of that mock modesty, only too common, that covers its eyes in the presence of any pressing social evil, instead of bringing it boldly to the light with a view to its better ment, will bo echoed by all who have tho truo good of humanity at heart. " It is a crying evil," she said, " that matters which aro of the utmost importance to the. moral tone of tho community are not moro openly recog' nised and confronted. If women are to bo condemned as they aro now, let the men bo condemned also, and the doors of society shut in the laces of all who are not pure, if tlioy aro to bo shut in the faces of any." Thcro is a touch of gentle charity about tho qualifying " if." " Let him who is without sin among you first cast a stone,' said Oiie whoso whole life was but a long sacrifico to the needs of tho erring and tho wretched, aud who scrupled not to " sit at meat" with publicans aud sinners. We, His professed ioilowers, are too apt to forget that, iu the case of early offenders — the closed door, the cold glance, the hard aud bitter scorn of indignant virtue, are not always the call direct to a higher life. The main argument i3, iu any case, indisputable — viz., that there should be the same standard of morals for both sexes. Mrs. Fcuwiek Miller has just been working out that conclusion in a clever little magazine article called "Class Virtues." She holds up to scorn tho idea that women need not cultivate bravery, nor men purity of mind- And justly. . The wonder is that there should still exiot any need for argument about a matter of such simple impor.. Miss Scott's paper had a breezy cheerful, ncss about it that should send the W onian- liood Suffrage League on its way with renewed energy for the coming year. There is little doubt that, in spite of manifold dis couragements, the movement sets steadily in a forward direction. All over the world old-time prejudices aro gradually fading before the modern spirit of progressive thought, coullicting elements aro slowly but perceptibly blending, and ridiculo is becom ing the opposing weapon only of the ig norant and narrow minded. I say the ' modern " spirit, but wc arc prone to lose sight of the fact that we are, iu reality but voicing doctrines of very respee. table antiquity. Zoroaster preached the equality of the sexes four thousand years ago. In the old Hindu world, the posi tion o£ women was both dignified aud inde pendent ; at anyrate, until the conquest of India by Mahomet. And as regards the Parsis, the Hon. Dadabhai Naoriji, a classi cal scholar, writes: "Woman was always held in great honor among the Parsis. They accorded her an honorable place in society, aud placed her on an equality with men " — a testimony fully borne out by Sir John Mal colm. " There is every reason to believe," he says, " that the manners of the ancient in habitants of Persia wero softened, and in some degree refined, by a spirit of chivalry which pervaded throughout the country, from the commencement to the end of the Kayanian dynasty. Tho great respect in which the female sex was held was no doubt the principal cause of the progress they made in civilisation ; these were at once the cause of generous enter prise' and its reward. It would appear that in former days the women of Persia had an assigned and honorable place ill society, and we must conclude that an equal rank with the male creation which is secured to them by the ordinance of Zoroaster existed long before the time of that reformer." Truly there is nothing new under the sun, not even the question of female " emancipa tion." We just move in cycles — or oscillate from the "matriarchal" to the "patriarchal" period, and back again. Sometimes wo hit the happy mean, and coiiibiue the two forces. That is what wc aro trying to do now, only wo haven't got fur enough away from the cramping influence of — dare I say, Chris- tianity? Let the heresy stand. Nobody. can : deny that the Apostle Paul, one of its first champions, was a3 far from believing in " women's rights " as it is possible to bo. It always makes it so awkward when the tearer down of " ideals," happens to be a mail of genius. It creates confusion. Be cause, you see, people all feel the charm of talent; but when talent touches their pet beliefs and creeds, up go their eyes and hands in horror. Take Shelley. Bernard Shaw points out two dif ferent stages of Shelley criticism that curiously illustrate the mingled fear and delight with which the British Philistine regards an ill-behaved star that starts off' oil an exploring expedition instead of keep ing to tho accustomed orbit. " We feel as if the darkest of tho liends had been clothed with a human body to enable him to gratify his enmity against, the human race, and us if tho supernatural atrocity of his hate were only heightened by his power to do injury " — (" Literary Gazette," May 19, 1821). And hero is Matthow Arnold's suinniing-up of tho fiend in 1881, when genius had asserted itself so supremely that even the popular mind was forced to pay it tribute. " A beautiful uud ineffectual angel, beating in tho void his luminous wings in vain." A very pretty- soiuiding compliment. But, on tho whole, one agrees with tho commentator that "tho 1881 opinion is much sillier than the 1821 opinion." I am reminded, in this connection, of porhaps tho most interesting series of woman's papers in modern journalism, now running through a London weekly, and for warded to me as they appear. "Through Storm to Peace : Tho Story of My Life," by Mrs. Annie Besant, is worth a far more elaborate notico than space allows me here, for it condenses, as it were, in tho ex periences of ono noble and remarkable woman, tho story of feminine progress generally. I pass over tho drcuiny child hood, tho romantic, emotionally religious girlhood, with all its innocent yet lofty enthusiasms, tho first touch of spirituul doubt that camo one Eastertide, to be " struck down in a moment, for to mo to doubt was sin, and to liavo doubted on the evo of the Passion was ail added crime " — and come to her marriage, at 20 years, with tho Rev. Frank Besant. There are some women, sweet, pure, true, absolutely unsuited to the married state. Mrs. Besant was ono of them. I give her wedded ex. perieneo in her own words. " In December, 1867, I sailed out of tho safe harbor of my happy and peaceful girl, hood on to the wide sea of life, and 1 tho waves broke roughly as soon as the bar was crossed. We were an ill-matched pair, my husband and I, from the very outset ; he, with very high ideas of a husband's authority and q wife's submission, holding strongly to tho ' mttstcr-in-my-own-house ' theory, think ing much of thu details of homo arrange ments, precise, methodical, easily angered nnd with difficulty appeased. I, accustomed iu iiuuuuiii| lutuuviuiiu id ituinc uviuiia| iin- pulsive, very hot-tempered, and proud as Lucifer. . . . Harshness roused first incredu lous wonder, then a storm of indignant tears, and after a time a proud, defiant resis tance, cold . and hard as iron! The easy-going, sunshiny, enthusiastic girl changed into a grave, proud, reticent woman, burying deep in her own heart all her hopes, her fears, aud lier dis illusions." After describing her household troubles, her longing for her mother, tho trivial gossip of callers, that bored her inex pressibly, slio resumes, in the spirit of con fession ; " All my eager, passionate enthu siasm, so attractive to men in a young girl, wero doubtless incompatible with ' tho solid comfort of a wife,' and I must have been terribly tiring to tho Rev. Frank Besant.'' She no doubt was. With her strong will, her young untrained soul, punting to express itself, her passionate emotions, one can hardly help a feeling of pit y for the common- place young clergyman to whom her seething energies— not in tho " housekeeping" line — were first a wonder and then a worry. The thing could but end in one way — and it did. "I slid into marriage blindly and stupidly," slio says, " fearing to givo pain; fretted my heart out for a year ; then, roused by harsh ness and injustice, stiffened and hardened, and lived with a wall of iee around me, within which I waged mental conflicts that nearly killed me ; and learned at last how to live aud work in armor that turned the edge of the weapons that struck it, and left the flesh beneath unwounded, armor laid aside but in tho presenco of very few." Annie Besant ha9 a passionate love for Ireland. Three-parts Irish by birth, she lias always regretted that her father's descent, on ono side, prevented her calling herself completely so. Her first political sympathies were roused by the trial of some young men, who had rescued two Fenian leaders from the hands of the police. " An unfair trial,'' sho says emphatically. " Evidence of the most disreputable kind was admitted ; women of tho lowest class were put into tho box as witnesses, and their word taken as unchallengeable, while the jury contained at least one man who openly declared that lie didn't care what the evidence was, lie would hang every d d Irishman of tho lot." In any case, hanged they were. And " it is interesting to me to notice," adds Mrs. Besant, " that, unknown to either of ns, my future friend, Charles Bradlaugh, and myself — he as eloquent champion, and I with a young girl's helpless sympathy — wero work ing on the same side in this quarrel. Ho urged that the arrest of Colonel Kelly and Captain Dgasy was illegal, and that they were therefore justified m using sufficient forco to free themselves, and ho argued pas sionately that tho English people and press should interfere to savo the lives of their rescuers. Thus, in 1867, our thoughts were bent in tho same direction, though our outer lives did not touch until 1874." Hereabouts — for another week or so — the charmingly- told story breaks off. Marriage lias proved a bitter disappointment — life's great unsolved problems aro taking hold ; tho cry of misery and ignorance is loud and piteous ; public life beckons with eager and persistent finger ; and so— up witli the curtain 1 I alluded tlic other day in this column to a musty old statute of Charles II. 's time, on tho strength of which some unfortunate Chinamen were driven indoors and forbidden to water their gardens on Sunday. It seemed terrifying enough, but in America tliey have raked up something worse — something to make tile whole world of womenkind quake in their shoes every day in the week. This is an old colonial law, unrepealed, which provides, " That all women, of whatever ago, rank, profession, or degree, ' whether maids or widows, who shall, aftcr this Act, impose upon, or betray into matri mony, any of his Majesty's subjects by virtue of scents, cosmetics, washes, paints, artificial teeth, false hair, or high-heeled shoes, shall incur the penalty now in force against witchcraft and like misdemeanours." This is dreadful. Especially as our own Statute Book, according to Mr. VVhitfcld, is full of eccentric surprises, and may spring a mine under our little feminine vanities at any moment. And where do the men come in ? — tho gilded youths who wear corsets,' dye their hair and moustaches, and resort to the surreptitious " powder-puff?" If they aro a 19th century development we must set their jealous rivals to a little legislative lobbying. Or else wait until women get tho suffrage. It will be perfectly easy to alter the Act in the small detail of gender ; being careful to add a supplementary clause for tho protection of poor Mrs. Haweis. A correspondent writes from Bathurst describing a curious experiment tried on his little son, aged nine, who, told to look fixedly into his own eyes in a mirror, dropped off into a mesmeric sloop, and was with diffi culty awakened. "I should like to know what ,yqu have to say about tho fact related," lie adds, " through your weekly column in The Daily Telegraph." What is there to say except that the in cident-is perfectly credible in days when hypnotism as a force is continually beiug illustrated through channels and authorities that are above suspicion ? For myself, I must confess to a certain prejudice against— I might almost say fear of, every thing relating to spiritual phenomena. But that very fear may be a tribute to their power. I am perfectly willing to believe that we may be, as Mr. Stead puts it, in tho last number of tho "Review of Reviews," "On the Eve of the Fourth Dimension." " Life as wo know it," he says, " consists of three dimensions : the first is length ; the second, breadth ; and the third, height ; nnd the fourth is ' throughth,' if I may venture to give it a name. We get glimpses of it in clairvoyance, in hypnotism, iii tele- pathy, crystal-gazing, thought-reading, aud all things in which we see, hear, or communicate through things, which, according to the known laws of the third dimensional space, would render communica tion impossible."' We cannot, any of us, in the face of modern evidence, disbelieve in "throughth." And having once conceded so much, it is easy to grant that a whole world of new and strange experience may bo open to those who care to enter into it. Tho tendency in that direction must be, of course, like nearly everything else, temperamental. But it is not to be denied that utter " sceptics " have testified to curious psychic forces- they could neither understand nor control. By the way, " Tho photographing of ghosts," a paper read by Mr. Traill Taylor before tho London and Provincial Photo graphic Association a few weeks ago, pub lished in the British Journal of Photography, and also outlined in tlic Review, is a highly interesting study, especially as Mr. Taylor is well known as a man whose evidence may be relied on. 