THE WRECK OF THE EXPRESS TRAIN AT HORSESHOE-BRIDGE CHARLES BRIGGS ON TRIAL. Charles Briggs pleaded not guilty to a charge of two counts alleging that on the evening of September 20 last he did unlaw- fully displace and remove the rails and sleepers of and place obstacles on the main line of railway at Horseshoe-bridge with intent to commit murder. The second count charged him with committing the same offence with intent to endanger the safety of passengers travelling on the line. The Solicitor General (Hon. Alfred Dobson) pro- secuted for the Crown. The accused was defended by the Hon A. I. Clark and Mr. Herbert Nicholls (instructed by Mr. E J. O'Brien). The Solicitor-General opened the case for the Crown at length, exhaustively renewing the evidence taken at the magisterial examina- tion, and which was full reported at the time in The Mercury Counsel directed the attention of the jury to the difference between the counts of the charge on which the accused was arraigned, and recapitulated the chief points in the case against lum, -«tuting that on Septom ber 20 the express train from Launceston to Hobart left Brighton Junction Station safely, but on arriving at Horseshoe-bridge about 12 minutes past 8 in the evening, when travel- ling at the rate of from 15 to 20 miles an hour, the engine was derailed and subse- quently turned oval on its side at an angle of about 45deg. An inspection of the railway showed that the line had been thrown out if gauge and a number of obsticles placed across the rails Nothing appeared to have been left undone to secure the throwing of the train over the bridge into the gully some 60ft below, with the inevitable fearful conse- qnences to the passengers in it Counsel then roferred to the accused's presence at Bridge- water sale during the day, his actions there and on the road to Brighton in the evening, and led up to tho discovery of a hat corre- sponding to that worn by the accused during the day beneath the bridge. After dealing with the accused's arrival barehanded at the Enterprise Hotel the same evening, his subsequent unsatisfactory account of the loss of his hat, and his movements from the time he left the main road till his arrival at the hotel, counsel called Edwin Hayward, driver of the midland train that left Hobart at 5 o'clock on the evening of the 20th September. Witness stated that his train crossed the Horseshoe- bridge safely at 6 25 p.m , when it was grow- ing dusk. George Jones, driver of the express train, detailed his experiences after the engine left the line, and said that the two photographs produced were correct representations of the position of the train on the bridge after the wreck. Witness also stated the obstacles he found on the line on the Bridgewater side of the bridge, and with the exhibits in evidence showed the Court how fish-plates are attached to rails to join them together, and how they had been removed, and the line thrown out of gauge in the present instance. Carl Gotpitson said the permanent way men working near the Horseshoe-bridge knocked off work about ten minutes to five on the night of the wreck. He had to collect the tools, and identified several in evidence as those be put alongside the line about a quarter of a mile on the Hobart side of the bridge. There was a box for the tools about 50yds. from where he left them. They were locked up an the previous Saturday night, but not on this occasion. To Mr. Nicholls : It was not the usual custom to lock tho tools up. Charles Cameron Nairn, resident engineer on the Government railways, produced a plan he had prepared showing the course of the line, and several points pertinent to the case marked for the assistance of the Court. To Mr, Clark : The average length of the rails was about 24ft., and there would be some 10 sleepers under the rail dislodged. There was very little ballast about the sleepers. The Chief Justice ; Could one man have prised the line out of gauge? Witness : Oh, yes, very easily. You could have done it ? Yes. To a juryman : It was about a mile and 15 chains from the bridge to the Enterprise Hotel by the short cut ; 1¾ miles round the line. Michael Falby, ganger, said the accused was working at one time on the main lino as a repairer, packing sleepers, taking old rails out and putting others in, etc. Accused would have to remove fish plates in tho course of his work. Witness was working a quarter of a mile from the scone of the wreck, and on making an examination he found the bolts broken off, the fish plates removed, and the line put out of gauge. On the Bridgewator side he found and enumerated several ob- stacles placed across the line. Witness after- wards left the main road opposite Mr. Bar- wick's house, went across to the railway, and began putting the obstructions on in about the same positions as he found them ; he broke the bolts and put the road out of gauge, doing equal work to that discovered, after- wards going alone tho railway, pulling up a grade post and throwing it on the line, and arrived at the Enterprise Hotel, having been 49½ minutes about the whole. Accused's brother was present when this was done, and took the time too. To Mr. Nicholls : Witness did not consider himself a particularly smart man. To the Chief Justice« : Ho was chosen to do the work because he knew the position of the obstacles. Douglas James stated that he heard ham- mering on the line when travelling from Bridgewater to Lorne Retreat on the even- ing of the wreck. The wind was blowing in a north-westerly direction, and witness thought the sounds came from men working on the line. To Mr. Clark : Witness did not hear the Crash of the wreck. David Moss said he heard the crash of the wreck, and hastily putting on a pair of white moleskin trousers ran over from his house near the Lorne Retreat to the scene. He was below the bridge, and somebody called out to him to stand from under to escape the boil- ing water from the engine. Harry Parsons, clerk to Messrs. Roberts and Co., said that accused bought a cow at Bridgewater sale about 3 in the afternoon, paying £3 for it. An hour afterwards he came in and wanted to pay for the cow again. About 4 o'clock ho was very drunk, and wanted his money back. Altogether he re- turned half a dozen times, and seemed very angry because his cow had got out, and he could not find her. Witness last saw him at 5.25 that evening in the settling up room still waiting for his money. William James, linker, saw the accused at the Derwent Hotol, Bridgewater, between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and knocked his hat off. Witness asked Briggs, who was talking to somebody else, what he was fight- ing about, and then picked up his hat and put it on his head again. It was a soft brown felt hat, with a red lining, and similar to that in evidence. To Mr. Clark : It was a very common kind of hat. David Burns, hotelkeeper, Pontville, saw the accused wearing a similar kind of hat at Bridgewater on the 20th September. On the following morning witness remarked to him at Pontville that it was a terrible thing, and Briggs replied that he had heard about it from Daniells, senior, but couldn't stop to talk about it, as he was looking for his cow. To Mr. Nicholls: Briggs was not in the habit of drinking. Joseph Hines, storekeeper, Pontville, proved selling a hat similar to that pro- duced and found under the bridge to the accused. William Wells identified a hat (produced) as the one he bought from the previous witness on the night of the wreck. It came from the same box as that sold to Briggs. William Jackman, blacksmith, said he met Briggs at the Derwent Hotel, Bridgewater, about 6 o'clock on the evening of September 20, when he complained about losing his cow. Accused was about three-parts drunk. They left together, and went along the road to Brighton. Briggs kept talking about the loss of his cow. Opposite Deadman's-lane accused said he had not quite finished his job of road-making there, but reckoned on doing so in two or three days. "When they got to Croaker's, near Haines' gate, Briggs started to walk quickly. Witness told him not to walk so fast, but be took no notice, and after- wards ran 40 or 50 yards. Witness followed him, and when opposite Barwick's gate the Midland train passed. Then Briggs jumped over the fence into Woods' paddock. Witness did not see him afterwards. The fence was from 100yds. to 200yds. from the railway, and the paddock went right up to the line. Briggs was a little bit "staggery," but the faster he went the straighter he could go. He did not say what he was going to do. Witness saw accused next Friday about 5 in the evening on the Horseshoe-bridge looking at the wreck. They went on the road home together, and witness told Briggs that if any- body had heard what he told his wife they would have arrested him on suspicion. Briggs replied that it was a good thing nobody did hear, and said he only got over the fence to ease himself or lie down. Accused then asked witness when he was going away, and he said as soon as he sold his plough and got in a little money. Briggs said that he had just laid out all his money, but he would lend him a couple of pounds, and asked witness for God's sake to say nothing about it, or it would kill his wife. To Mr. Clark : He saw the reward offered before speaking to Briggs about the matter. To the Solicitor-General : Witness sent for Superintendent Wright, and told him all he knew about it. Other witnesses examined, and who re- peated the evidence given before the Pont- ville magistrates, were :-Edward Ernest Haines, who saw Briggs and Jackman past the railway crossing ; Richard Daniells, who met the accused on Pentville-bridge next morning and spoke to him about the wreck; ??? the Enterprise Hotel without a hat on the evening of the wreck, Frederick Gherkie, who was present at the Epsom Hotel on the morning after the wreck when Briggs went there; Thomas Stanfield, to whom the accused remarked that the tools were not in the box, but were lying at the side of the line; George Gough, who returned Briggs lost cow next morning, P. C. Devitt, who was told by Briggs voluntarily that the evidence given against him at the magisterial examina- tion was as strong as he expected; P. C. Liddle, to whom accused made a statement about his journey from Bridgewater to Brighton, saying that he never went off the road, and that he lost his hat after leaving the Enterprise Hotel the night of the wreck, when on his way home Briggs added a wish that Inspector Marshall had run him in at Bridgewator, and then this would never have happened , P. C. McKinlay also heard a voluntary statement from the accused when in charge of him at Pontville Briggs offered to lend Jackson a couple of pounds, as he heard he was very poor. Wit- ness produced a khakee jumper that accused wore on the night of the wreck, and pointed out what he regarded as rust marks on the back and shoulder , John Pace, who saw the accused at Bridgewater and told him the direction in which his cow had strayed Later in the evening, about quarter past 8, witness saw him again at the Enterprise Hotel, when he said he had not been looking for his cow yet; Sub- Inspector John Marshall detailed what obstacles he found placed on the line, and related the discovery of the hat beneath the bridge. When arrested accused stated that he lost his hat directly he left his own house that even- ing, the wind having blown it off. Briggs was shown the bat found beneath the bridge, but said he did not think it was his although it looked like it, the hat fitted him fairly well when he tried it on. The accused looked very pale and nervous during this interview. Superintendant Wright was present when Briggs was arrested, and heard him say that he bought the hat he had lost at a shop in Elizabeth or Liverpool-street, Hobart. Oscar Hedberg said the hat was picked up 30ft. or 40ft. from the bridge. Briggs was in a very nervous and excited state when he arrested him, and said that he came home from Bridgewater along the road looking for his cow, and neither left it nor went across in the direction of the railway line This concluded the case for the Crown. Mr Clark, in opening the defence, asked the jury to remember that the fact of a man standing in the dock charged with a diabolical crime, after a magisterial examination, after the Grand Juror had looked through the evidence against him, and decided to put him on trial, and after a lot of press comments had appeared against him, necessarily occu- pied a prejudiced position. But he asked them to brush aside all such injurious impressions, and then inquire if they could, apart from the suspicions aroused, and apart from the undisputed facts of the attempt to commit the crime, see anything inconsistent with Briggs innocence? All that had been adduced in evidence might be consistent with his guilt, but was it inconsistent with his innocence? Would not any man be likely to give a muddled account of his actions on the previous night if he were then drunk? A weakness in the case for the Crown was that the Analyst could not come forward and say that the marks on the shoulder of accused's coat were iron rust, such as would most likely have resulted from carrying a number of heavy iron rails to place across the line. Was it likely that a drunken man with the handle of a hammer could in the time have shifted the whole of the sleepors and rails out of gauge? It was ad- mitted that somebody had done it, but such a scheme was not conceived and executod by the brains of a blind drunken man in the course of half an hour Looking through the evidence of each witness, was there anything but the testimony of Jackman to incriminate the accused? And, after all, what did that amount to? Would not any man be led to say what he did to Jackman under the cir- cumstances? The case for the Crown was that if accused did not speak he was guilty, and if he did venture to speak, then he was guilty too. With regard to the hat, a witness would be put into the box to show that the hat Briggs was wearing at Bridgewater was not that put in evidence and found under the bridge at all. But even if it were his hat, was it not probabl that with the subject of the lost cow floating about his drunken brain he might have lost it, and the rough wind would be more than likely to carry it about, and once logded in the gully it was not likely to be lifted out again. If there was a doubt in the minds of the jury about the case against the accused they would be discharging their duty to the public and to the accused by giving him the benefit of it, Harry Parsons, recalled by Mr Nicholls, said that the hat produced was of the same colour as that worn by him on the 20th September but he had a strong opinion that it was not the same hat To the Solicitor-General: He did not know what kind of trousers Briggs was wearing James Richardson McArthur, formerly barman of the Enterprise Hotel, said he saw Briggs at the hotel on the evening of September 20, about quarter to 8, drunk He was quite different to what he usually was, interfering with other people and so on. After the trial Falby came to the hotel and appeared to be pretty warm and thirsty. John Sly, who was travelling in the express train at the times it was wrecked, said he looked out of the carriage window immediately the train stopped, and on the eastern side of the tram he saw a figure dressed in white trousers, and simultaneously two other figures who where sitting on the fence. He addressed the figure in white and asked him to hurry up and report on the state of the engine, and all the figures disappeared imme- diately. To the Solicitor-General: The figure in white was too substantial to be mistaken for a ghost. Witness was as not clear whether he told a policeman about the two men on the fence or not, but the impression on his mind was that the man in white trousers and the two on the fence had committed the diabolical crime, and were waiting for it to come off. He could not swear that he told Mr. Bernard Shaw or not about the two men. John Miller, horse trainer, a passenger in the wrecked train, said that immediately the train stopped he looked out and saw a man standing in the gully, wearing white trousers and a black coat. The witness Sly called out to him "My good fellow, tell us what is the matter with the engine " The man imme- diately moved off in the direction of Brighton. To the Chief Justice: Sly asked him if be said the men. That was when they were coming in to Hobart. Sly said nothing about them at the time, and witness only saw one James Mulligan, carrier, said he knew the fence Briggs was said to have got over, and had seen breaks in it. It was a very reason- able thing for a man to go over and look for a cow if he had lost one. This concluded the evidence for the de- fence, and the Court adjourned till 10 o'clock this morning, when Mr Nicholls will address the jury for the defence. 