iatmgaaieace. HILLaEOVE. of (To the Editor of the Protestant StdndaM.) Dkib Sib, — Would you kindly allow me a email epaoe in your columns in order that I might make a relereiice to the death of a worthy and a respected Orangeman; who died atHill Grove, on Saturday, 3rd June. His fiineral arrang ments were made for Sunday, by the members of the Purple Star Orange Lodge, of which be was the A. P. Lecturer; and they were assisted by The Protestant Alliance, Border Lodge, of which he was also a member. A Ohuroh of ii'ngland Olorgyman, the E.v. Lambert .Hay, was asked to blBciate at the grave'. The deceased Brother being a friend of mine, a correspondent from Hill Grove, communicafed with ihe on the shamelul troatme:.t the Orangemen received .from this (Gentleman.) The remarks he made were insultiug to every Brother Orangeman. But it served one purpose, it pleased the Eomish p'arty, : for, as I am informed, they laughed heartily at it. Alter he had read the usual burial service, he tried : to improve it by giving an extempore speech, and expressed his regret that the deoeased.had been an Orangeman, as he did not think a man could be a Obristian and be connected with the order. 'There were something like 50 Orahgemim there Is a man of that stamp fit to go into the piilpit to preach the gospel of Christ ? He might .chant a Mass, but he knows nothing of the blessed gospel . of Christ. However our Brother died trusting fully on the cleansing power of the Blood of Jeeus. William Trotter was born in Tanderagee, County Armagh, Ireland. He joined the Oiange Institution over 21 years ago while working in Partick, near Glasgow, Scotland. He came to Bydney some 18 years ago, where he joined the 1 Black Chapter of Ireland, and received several degrees there. He left there, and went to Glen ilnues, where he started a store. He was'also foaster of a lodge that was formed there many years ago. Depression set in there, and he removed to Hill Grove about 4 years ago, stUl doing a little business in the grocery line. He "was thoroughly respectable and trustworthy in all his dealings, and was highly esteemed by ail who had the privilege; of knowing him: and was la great favourite with all the Orange Brethren ithat he came in contact with. He was unmarried, and has no relations iu the Colony : His property is left to his relatives in Ireland, Messrs. G. itix and 3\. J. Handerbo being the trustees. The will was Only recently executed.' He is gone from earth and earthly cares, to be for ever with' the Lord. Yours &0.,. i I I li .!> . i JOHN'HllfDlIAlt,'V ItO(W)n>alSm.— Archbishop Inland, of MinheBota, says' in the Cathoho Wia : "OaibblicB re'aily moDopo'iae the liqnor traffic, Catholics loom np befors the criminal -oonrts of the land under the charge of drnnkenness and other violations or law resnlting from drnnkenEess, m nndne majorities. , Poor bonses and asylnms are thronged with Oathollcs, t immediate or. mediate victims of drink. Ke poverty, the Bin, the shame, that fall npon PeoP'® resnlt almost eDt''®'y irii.v'tf Also the following: « Walter Bliiott, of Now rork, a priest of high s'anding, said in the Coftoiic World, Sept., 1890 : " In many cities big and little we have something like a ambnopW o'te bnsiness of selling liquor, and in not a few something equivalent to a monopoly of getting drunk. The neighbonr. hood of a Soman Catholic church is a good standifor the saloon businisss.' Used to dp It ?— The TTorKman says : —The ancient Bomans nsad to throw their aged and sick slaves into a fish pond to fatten the carp and other piscatorial dainties for their Lnoullian tables. This was done once, they did not use to do it. Now the Worhnan should remember that one swallow does not make a snmtner, and one slave thrown into a pond to feed the fishes (if it really ever happened), does not entitle the ' Editor to say "the Bomans used to" act so. It is quite certain they did not use to do so. The Sybarite Epicuscans would scarcely relish fish so fed : and slaves were not so i- cheap as to be so treated. ITltramontanes in Hungary. I —The dispute between the Ultramontanes and the Oovernment in Hungary rages fiercely, and seems to be every whit as much a political as a religious question. It began with the diffloulties raised by the oler with reference to the baptism of the children of mixed msTiiages, the priest refused to fulfil the requirements of the law. But it is admittedly the outcome of an attempt to recover for the ' Ultramontanes the infiuences and civil adv- i antagei which tbsy think they lost nnder the i Protestant administration of M. Tieza ; as well > as, on the part of the Valican, an effort to destroy the Triple Alliance in the interest of i the Temporal Power. But it would appear : that the clergy have exaggerated their in. ! finence, and the Vatican has underestimated the strength of the political feeling of the < Hungarians, The Magyars entertain no > friendly feeling towards Bussia, and they < regard the alliance with Germany end Italy, as far better for the interests of Anstria- ii Hungary, whatever the Pope may think about it Count Csaky, the Minister of Public Wor ship, made a vigorous attack on the Clerical < Party last week in the Diet, when he estab lished their inconsistency % documentary evidence. His speech made a decided im- mession. Attention also was called to the fact that though the Papacy uniformly opposes obligatory civil marriage it accom modates. itself to ' circumstances. The 1 Hungarians fully realize that the effort on the part of the clergy to embarrasa the Govern- 1 ment is designed to serve the political ends of i the Vatican. Meanwhile we learn from the I Vienna correspondent oil the Timea that 650 \ Germean-speafcing Bomahists of Zaabylya 1 joined the Evangelical Church last week in order to have divine service in their own q tongue. Converts to Protestantism.— By consent of his Grace the Arob bishop of ' ' Dublin a service from the old Liturgy of the Church of Ireland was used in the Mission Church, Dublin, on Sunday, April 30, when twenty-six adult converts from the Church of . Bome were admitted into the fellowship of the Church of of Ireland. The ceremony is a very simple one. The converts make a short: statement of their having renounced the V errors. of Bome, and their intention to adhere. . to the doctrines and practices of the Church of Ireland for the future, believing them to be in conformity with the Soripturoe. After this - . declaration, and subseqent brief prayer on behalf of _ the converts, eaoh of them is adinitted fellowship, by the minister'' I taking the convert by the hand, at the same , repeating the words, "By virtue, of the' , , authority committed to . me, I do, upon this' thy .solemn profession and earnest request, receive thee into the Holy Communion of the Church of Ireland, in the name of the Father . and'; of the Son, and of the; Holy Ghost.' , Amen." Most of these converts are parents of children attending the sohools of the Irish ,j turch Miasionsin Dublin, ellhaving received the knowledge of the Truth thmugh the , instrumentalty of thpt Society, j Roman Catbollcs Becoming "kucricans.— Among the eig bteni< c<uui- : dates for the ministry in the Metbodiet Epia: ; copal Church ordained by Bishop Fitzgerald \- at the Newark Conference in Jersey City, April 9th, were some gentlemen of unmis- takeablo Romanist ongm- One, Bey. William C, Q'Donnell, will be mistaken for a Roman Oatholio priest if. he shall wear, the oonven. tional olerioal garb with a round collar attapbuient and a clean shaven face, and he will be addressed as "Father O'Donnell " by bis Bomah Oatholio neighborsji- It is a good sign of the times when- men with snoh names are ordained to the Methodist ministry. ' ' year when visiting in the State of " T "w' several basinesa men whose ni'r? Patrdiiimics had beeh Amerioanizsid— u Uonnell had becoine ' Dbbhell,' O'Oonhof UM 01 the Goverjiors of the State of, Mainea nnToofrt" - named Cbniier.HiB MWnhnml!.# CathollCi with the A ? Oonnor, But he oame nnder '".nepcesand the Iriab and Bomwh tmth! before tbo light of- The Maine and New. Hampshire people of the last generation acted differently from those of MassachnsettB in dealing with the Immigrants who came within their borders. They were stnrdy God-fearing Yankees who did not yield to the solicitations of the priests to bontribnte money for the erection and anpport of Boman Catholio ohnrohes, schools and convents, bnt who gave Bibles to their employees and welcomed them to their ohnrohes, with the resnlt that thonsands of these Inimigranta were converted from Bomanism to Christianity, and their descen dants are among the beat of Amerioan citizena to-day. Almighty God haa always bleated the oironlation of His Word and the preaoh. ing of the way of salvation. The Gospel of Christ it the same yesterday to-day and forever, and whoBoever believes it with sincerity and truth will be made a new creature. Rome and HarrlaKe I«a:ws'- In the House of Commons, Mr. Gladstone announced that the proposed Home Bnle Parliament will have granted to it power to legislate in Ireland on the question of marriage. An illustration of how this is likely to . act oomes to us (says the English Ohnrohmau) this week from Oanads. The Western Morn ing News says Wo are often told that the ProtestantB. of Ulster have nothing to fear from the aecendanoy of the Bomon Catholics, and that the time is past when priests can perseonte. Since Gladatoniaus are continually looking to Canada for amalogiea to Ireland, we may fairly quote a striking case of .prieetly persecntion in Qnebeo which has been engag ing the attention of the law courts. It throws a light oa the relations existing between the laity_ and the Boman Catholic olergy in this province. In the case under notice the parties ooncerned were Boman Catholics. The wife of man named Piohette— who had been married five years, and was the father of six children — stated at confession thai she was ber husband's fourth oousiu. The priest, Father Desjardins, was on the alert. He recognized that the marriage oame within the prohibited decrees as laid down by bis Ohnrob. He ferreted round with much assiduity, aud discovered that no dispensation was granted making it lawful in the eyes of the Bomah Oatbotio Church for his couple to marry. Accordingly he went to Plchette's housej and stated that the heads of the family were living in sin, that the wife was an infamous woman, and that the children were illegitimate. They must acknowledge their wickedness, solicit special permission to marry, and go through another marriage ceremony. The b.nsband, knowing that in the eyes of the civil law ho wrong had been dono, wished to argue the matter. The Church, he urged, had solemnized the marriage ; therefore how could that sacred ceremony be declared at naught. He refused to acknowledge that he had sinned. Father Defjardins then called npon the wife to leave her husband and children. She did so. The outraged hnaband sued the priest for having maligned him and oaused his wife to leave him, but Father Deajardina pleaded that he had only done his dnty as a olergyman of the Boman Catholio Chnroh. Let two facts be here called to mind ; the civil law reoognizes the marriage between fourth conaiuB as legal ; bnt .the judges are servants of a community with whom the Boman Catholic Chnroh is snpreme. The case was tried. Mr. Justice Louranger admitted that the priest had used language whioh was strong, but otherwisa he was well within his rights, and that Piohette was at fanlt in not admitting his alleged sin, asking for a dispensation, and going through the marriage ceremony anew. It ia difflault to believe that suoh a denlaion can have been given in a civil oourt by a subjeot of our Queen. . The judge held that the civil law was powerless. We doubt if in any part of the Queen's dominions such a serious end heartless persecution has been chronoiled in recent years. If Home Bale be ever conceded to the Irish Nationalists the state of things whioh . exists In Quebec may obtain and be magnified in Ireland. There the Boman Catholics are in an even larger majority than in Quebeo ; the priests will, therefore, be even more powerful and more indisputably superior to the civil law. It is surprising that the Protest ants, and even many of the Boman Catbolioa of Ulster, shonld dread and protest vehemently againat a legislative meaeure whioh may pat their necks in snch a religions yoke. 