Naw rmt Pntdisiwa HER FATHER'S IDOL, a Romantic Sensational Stoby, by HES. BASELEY (" Mignoa"), Author of "Gilbert Elton'n Wife," "The Earl's Daughter," " The Tragedy at Deepdene," eta, etc. Copyright, CHAPTER XI. < Dr. Henstock walking briskly through the village just likean ordinary mortal ; exclaimed Ijeah Dawson in sur prise. 'Well ! I never. Has he f«und that daughter of his again that he - con descends to let ns see him. I always said she would come to no., good. Langley Bruce ' Hush, Leah,' cried ber companion, tali Miss Mortimer, the village milliner sod dressmaker, ' dou't let him hear yon. I am so sorry for him, poor lonely man. Little Lottie Clarkson- fetched him to Mi. Brace's an hoar ago or so. Hugh hBd bad a wonderful dream, and knew where '.o find Miss Kelly. So perhaps he ib dow going to fetch her back. Itrurthe is with all my heart. I don't like these mysterious disappearances. Murder often follows them.' ' Mysterious 1 fiddlesticks,' sneered haodsome Leah ; ' N-IIy Henstock's night was all prearranged, a little deceit ful hussy. She is no more murdered thin yon and I arj. You'll see I am right if we live long cnongb. She will come back some day with a face as in nocent as a baby's, bnt she won't h sve a wedding ring for all she's been off with her sweetheart For Braces to- have the cheek to send for her father! it beats all forandacity, that does.' Wholly uncooBcious of adverse criticism, Dr. Henstock returned Mies Mortimer's respectful and Leah Dawson's cold bow with courtesy, and hurried on his way. A yellow cab overtook him, and one from Lirkham from bis colour, took the turn down Briar Lane — Dr. Henstock's road, — and returned as he entered on it A few steps and he was at Dr. Boyd's (once bis own) honse, and be stood in deliberation. To enter or to go on -was the question that perplexed him. Inclination urged the latter. Go on aod find first whether Hugh Bruce recognised the photo that was going to be procured for his in spection. Inspiration, or at any rate some indefinable sensation, stronger than expediency or inspiration, urged him with a power there was no resisting to the contrary action, i.e., to enter. ' Dr. Boyd in V he inquired, entering the surgery. A young gentleman long of limb and in clothes that he bad outgrown was pounding mechanically at a pestle and mortar. His wondering eyes went ronnd and rounder as be recognised who his visitor was. 'What Bid yon say, please' sir ? he askeR, phasing in hiB occupation. Dr. Henstock repeated his qnestion. ' I'm snre I don't know whether he is in or not,' was the guarded reply. He was here not five minutes ago. Do yon want a tooth drawn f Because if yon do Dr. Boyd he don't draw them. There's a Mr. Palmer comes every Thursday and pots np at Mrs. Jacques', grocer and draper.' ' I don't require a tooth extracting,' answered Dr. Henstock, with a sad smile. ' I should like to see Dr. Bond. I will wait and see if he comes in. I ' will sit on thiB stool ; thanks, don't : trouble to come round.' Master Pimple ponnded away again, 1 his efforts more vigorous whilst he had an audience. Bnt he conld not keep up the steam for long. If I was yon, sir, I should go to the honse door, he suggested, presently. ' Dr. Boyd he may be only reading bis newspaper not knowing that he is wanted.' 'Are yon not under directions to summons him to patients. I always made that a rule. To patients, yes, certainly ; bnt yon are not a patient, are yon t' observed discerning Master Pimple. I snppose I am nob Sharp lad that,' he commented, as be left the snrgeiy and made for the front door. How strange it seemed to him stand ing there, waiting to be admitted jaat as years ago when his bride was waiting within to welcome him, he had on occasions waited. It was years since he had stopped there, and it'knight from the strange familiarity of everything have been bat a month or two ago. It felt home atill - yet much about it all was very altered. HiB door had never been as gorgeous as this. Tttere -was a highly polished knocker now, and — — 'Dr. Boyd inf beasked of the startled maid-servant, who betesyed by her face the knowledge that he ! was not only a scarce, bnt also an unwelcome caller. 'He is, Dr. Henstock. Walk. this ay.' 'Itentered his brain numbly to marvel which room she wonld lead him into ; not the one his darling short-lived wife hid made so beautiful j not 'the . one where he had devoted all the ardour -of his skill and affection to rearing his petty Nelly ; not _ " ' Dr. Henstock wishes to see yon, sir.' The bereaved father becamecorisclon e that it might 4»e nnnecessary 'td1 enter toy of the apartments, each so tender from paetaasociations. His reminiscences abruptly checked, be raised bis bead and met little Dr. B-iy'd, like a stru'ting turkey cock, advancing. - ' This is an unexpected honour,' be exclaimed, holding-oat bis band fossil v. This way. Dr. Henstock. Mrs. Boyd has jnst been killed by . one shock; another perhaps .will set it right Wonders will never ceBse. Two arrivals m the samedajr, each eu unexpected.-; 'Thanks, I won't disturb Mrs. Boyd,' replied the ex-doctor politely.' 'My visit Is to yon. I can say here what I came to say. Dr. Boyd, as yon' hope for a; hereafter, can yon tell me ; anything about my daughter f " Your daughter, sir ' — bristling np— explain yourself. What do yon mean j" I ask jnst the simple question. Is her place of abode known to yon. Are yon cognizant of where she is 1 Stay ! do out answer me yet I know we have been enemies in the past It may be that I have been unjust, prejudiced, no-Christian - yon have felt resentful, fall 'of malice, and resolved to hart me through my child.' Nothing of the eort foamed Dr. Boyd, pacing the hall restlessly.' ' Whatever I may have been, whatever yon have done— if anything — speak cut, all shall be pardoned. Only help me to regain my child and I willlesve Slackaby with her. No more shall sight of ns annoy yonr eyes.' Pretty behavionr this ! Nice treat ment from one medical man to another!' skrieked Dr. Boyd, in his wratb. ' If « man had come and asked if I had put my hand into bis till aod robbed him I should have been wild, bnt. for yon to coolly accuse me of stealmg yon daughter, why it's — it's — it's abominable. What should I know or care about Nelly'e movements. I am sorry for her sake, of course, bnt where she can have gone or is I know no more than yon, Dr. Hen stock.' ' Hat is true on yonr oath, Boyd.' ' As trne as there is a heaven above ns. Why should you insult me with soch a qnestion 1 Why don't yon go to Langley Brace and ask him ? Ha, ha. 'Pon my word, coming to me, the re spectable fatherof a number of daughters and leaving the scapegoats free.' Dr. Henstock began to believe be had entered on a fool's errand. He saw from the other's very indignant refusal that he was ignorant in the matter. A few words of explanation he deemed were due. Hugh Brace, a peculiarly sensitive creature, witha very refined organisation, has had a dream.' ' Had a what f 'A. dream — vision or warning, and Yon, a sober man, with rational senses, can stand there and repeat each bosh to me,' exclaimed Dr. Boyd. ' I feel bound to repeat it. I was struck by — ' Dr. Boyd laughed. Come, Henstock,' he)said,banteringly, yon have stayed boxed np in retirement till it has turned yonr brain. Yonr hoiisekeeper was always a silly, super stitions person. Why, if I gave heed to -all my dreams, where would be my practice! Next thing yon will besaying yon believe in ghosts.' No, I do not attach any belief to; ghosts. I do to dreams — warnings.! Yon may mock at Hngh Brace's revel ations, bnt lam convinced there ia some thing in them. We have not the key to . unravel the clue yet, bnt it will assuredly come. When it does I trust far your own sake that I have judged you wrongly.' 'That yon most certainly have,' de clared Dr. Boyd, vehemently. TU admit I have never . viewed von with mnch love ; yonr discomfiture has invariably gratified me, but that I am cognizant of your daughter's absence in the way of aiding and abetting others to steal her, is a gross libel-on me and my reputation, wholly undeserved.' Trutbfalness and indignation joined produced an air of manliness in Alfred Boyd's manner which he generally lacked. Not even the undisguised injury of tone accompanying it conld rob It of giving that impression. 'As for believing in dreamsand stuff I leave all those fall ale to the woineD.' They're most of them weak . enough to credit anything.' Passing by the compliment bestowed on himself by that remark —perhaps he scarcely noticed it — Dr. Henstock went nearer to his host, and in a low tone asked — Can you tell me with reliability that you know where yonr son Is jnst now f The bombast of the little man before him shone out pgpicwnriy-nt the query. If there was one subject more than another that afforded him satis faction and pride, that drew forth -bis contemptuous vanity, it was to be questioned on the doings of his son and heirl';' .. . He winked bis eye knowingly, put his hands in his pockets and strutted about. T think I can prove my .'Mark's reri'denceattbis juncture toaJT.cou- sidering.he is in this house; under fids very roof at this moment. - Did I "riot tell yog that it was his unexpected arrival that nearly killed - his mother. She dotes on him to that extent/audia to -yeafc health. If yon only , went through the yiUagelikeother people you would have seen the cab from the "Wilton Arms bringing him. .He—ah, there' be is. Herej'SEarl pome pndspeakfpr yonrsril-'j ; i . > ' r Attractedby. voioesMark Boyd,after a sfajrttfme motfaeglmd grown iDqaldBv£' jjflopBnM wodoor cautiously and looked out, never antici- ' paring discovery. He took a survey just at the unfortunate moment that his father, with pride pointed to the room that contained him. Had there been a possible means of evading the invitation he would have availed himeelf of it. Fur particular reasons of his own he wonld rather have gone twenty miles than met Dr. Henstock face to face that day. The proverb says ' Conscience makes cowards of us all.' A more arrant coward than Mark "Boyd never breathed. It was a matter of wonder that be, engaged in the nefarious scheme against Nelly that he was, should have dared to venture into ber father's vicinity at all ; trne be had promised her that be .would go, bnt nothing wonld have been easier than for him to have deceived her in that sb in all else. Self, however, came in. He wanted to see his mother ; moreover he was aware that he - wonld have to put in an appearance sometime before long at Slackaby. As well get it over whilst convenient to him. Besides he1 bad come down for money; though hehad won. he conld' never have too much, as his .debts were large and press ing, and his habits expensive. Had he eeen, moreover, the least chance of encountering Dr. Henstock — the probabilities against which, owing to that gentleman's seclusion, were as a thousand to one — he wonld never have coma To meet him, and that in bis father's house, a thing unheard of, staggered him. Conld he guess or know anything 1 Had anyone seen them together 1 — he and Nelly 1 Who conld have reported the fact 1 .None conld have guessed Marks gnilty fears as he jauntily swaggered towards Dr. Henstock. He conld die hard if accused. How d'do, Doctor, he exclaimed, holding ont his hand. Whether there was eometbiog in the man-abont-style that grated on Dr. Henstock'e trne and refined ears ; whether it was the almost imperceptible bravado pervading the younger man's bearing, or whether — which seemed the moBt likely solution — that a clear spirit of comprehension tore down the veil of mystery for a moment from before the bereaved father's eyes ; certain it is that he acted as with a thorough knowledge of Mark's guilt Not seeing, or at any rate ignoring, the oat-stretched hand, Dr. Henstock advanced till his face was within an inch of the other's, and demanded in a land peremptory tone — Mark Boyd, where is my daughter P The effect of bis words was electrical. Mark staggered. Dr. Boyd danced abont like a parched pea. None were so surprised as the questioner himself. The wordB, he felt, had escaped him in voluntarily. Without intent, or know ledge had he nttered them. Yonr — yonr daughter!' gaapedMark, perfectly assured, from the air of com mand with which he was addressed, that all his sin was known. ' I — I — ' What should my boy know abont yonr daughter!' burst in Dr. Boyd, furiously. ' Why, he's only just popped in home, and will never have even heard of her absence, I'll be bound. I'll not have my son attacked in this style. Yon have gone mad in the bead about Nelly, and charge everybody with her disappearance.' If yon know where ehe is or what she is doing, I conjure yon, by the great Creator above, to disclose,' said Dr. Henstock, hoping against hope that at ' last he haul fonnd a trace of his darling. Mark's attitude bespoke either gnilt or Intense euiprise. Unfortunately the ' if" gave Mark a loophole of escape. Dr. HenBtock wonld not have nsed it if certain of his . accusation. None sharper than Mark to seize on the faintest shadow of weak ness. He drew himself up proudly. All his fears had fled. \- Yon must indeed be crazy, Dr. Hen stock, to suppose I could know aught of Afics Nelly and her movements. I won't say that I had not heard she was miss ing. : Clara told me the facts on my arrival. She even asked if I knew or had heard anything of it ' — in a different tone — I must sayTa yon attack of a moment since, which: nearly slew me in its authority and injustice, yon seem to me to be making a mountain ont of a molehill. ' Nelly 'has only been gone three.or fonr days from what I hear. She will be turning np any moment with a moat explicable account of her absence, and you'll be satisfied. . Bnt even if not,', as Dr. Henstock sadly shook ;.his head, ' do not try to drag me into the- mire, connecting me unpardonably with her name !' ; . Other tongues besides mine, I learn, have' spoken of yon together, and Nelly partly admitted her penchant -for yon.' 'limy boy's "character is going to be attack for .every girl who ia crazy after j him; Mark, is likely to ; have a warm time.- tThey hunt him upright andleft, ! he is so very attractive !' > ' My daughter heter hunted any one, male qr,female/.decIared/Dr. Henstock, indignantly. - - ' l : ; ' ' Aye, Doctor, sald Dr. Boyd, family, yon are. like a few mora indulgent fatherSiWho by - their overweening iove ruin completely ruin, their riff-spring, yon pan.epe no faults inthem. -J — — ' \- 'BardMrne/intemiptied Dr. Henstock, proudly, 'thecapjdoes nqtfit. JJut it on yonr riwiihead, Npyd. Mark'-- jtnrning to.hlm— 'will you answer me a esesfiotri . Wherehave yon-come' from to-day'!' ,-'. V - f From ths-tbleeaed LWdtamJdnsed Mark, glad to have at lest found a sub ject on which he conld dilate at length without fear of betraying himself, If yon'll believe me, when I got there last night,anxioos to get on here, I conld not for the-llfe of me hire a cab. 1 vowed I wonld proaecnte the whole ' Yon have not grasped my qnestion. Where have yon been staying this last week or so !' At college, and ' Yon were not there three days since, and had not been for a week or two , previous.' ' Ob, now, try and upset me with my father 1' sneered Mark. You must have been spying around.' 'Not I bnt others who — who donbted yon.' Then Pd thank them to mind their! own business and. let me alone; cried Mark, in a fury. ' Just yon tell any one ' that wishes to know where I am to ask ma For their benefit I may tell yon that I was a week at Sir Henry Gun ton's, Coxmoor. I was detained there awaiting an inquest.' 'Bnt Mark,' interposed his father, yon telegraphed ' 'Never mind what I telegraphed. This is the tratb. Ton can inquire and find ont. But if this is the wey I am to be treated when I come down home after my hard reading, I'll be off again. Not one night will I remain in Bach a wretched place. ' There, sir, yon see wbat yonr nnjnst accusations are likely to do — part a mother and her dear son. It will be the death of Mrs. Boyd if he leaves again at ooce. Oh, was tfaera ever such a place as Slackaby, or such foole as its inhabit ants! Yon have not darkened my doors mnch in the past ; if yonr preseoce is only to caaae mischief to its inmates — unpleasantness — I trust yon will spare OS in the future.' I am going,' declared Dr. Henstock, moving toward the door ; ' but I may conscientiously tell yon that I am not altogether satisfied. If either of you is wilfnlly deceiving me my cnrse be npon him. May his sin he brought home to him in angnisb ; may his death be miserable.' . 4 The old ranter,' sneered Mark. ' Stay, father,' as Dr. Boyd wonld have rushed after his visitor and hurled some, of his malignant spleen on him ; ' don't yon bother with him. He is a rude uncultivated boor, bnt his own thoughts are his worst companions. Let him find his precions Nelly.' That was the way that Mark per formed his mission of petition on which Nelly's hopes were centred. Conld ehe In her intense suspense and longing have seen him as she tried to wait patiently for his return, how different might not this tale have been. Mark harried over bis lnncbeon,vow- ing anathemas againBt Dr. Henstock, hurling spiteful insinuations at Nelly, and inculpating righteous Langley Bruce with her shame. He affected to be too indignant to remain any longer on his present visit, though it had been bis un alterable intention before his arrival to leave by that train. He besought his mother not to mourn his departure ; he was better away or he wonld be harm- ing someone. He wonld return for a long visit when Nelly's escapade was made clear. The Boy da' believed him; deemed him a deeply injured mortal, and bewailed the attack that caused him to leave. Their only hope now was in Nelly'e restoration to set all straight. They little guessed how worse than all for Mark wonld that event be. ' Dr. Henstock, I believe — I am sure nearly — that that is the same face I saw in my dreams 1' shrieked Hugh, as he gazed intently at a faded photograph. ' And he is in Slackaby. Oh 1 bring him here. Let me see him. Mother can make some excuse, and whatever yon do set some one on to watch his movements. If yon can't find him ont any other way, we shall then soon find ont for ourselves if he is innocent. Bnt I'm sure that he is "qonbscted in some degree — though I don't know bow much —with Nelly's absence.' At the very moment Hngh was speak ing Mark was bmriedly pursuing his route towards Nelly's lodgings. His train had been late, he was behind time ; it flurried him lest Mrs. Hudson should have proceeded to extremities. Hehad been so snre of being there early and himself hidden to have listened. 'AH wonldhave devolved on Dagmat Yotoski. Jnst as he thought of her she appeared before him, breathless, angry, excited. 'What do yon mean fay your he- havionrf she hissed between her teeth. Yon have carried this too far. Mrs. Hudson wonld not listen to reason, and has turned Miss Henstock ont into the street. The crowds — the distress — the Mark ottered an ugly word. 'What good were you f be asked, passionately, ' that yon conld not in tervene. Bah,yourdeverness is a sham, yonr wiliness-a forgery. - Gome, show me where she' is f" ' And togetber they hurried, half ran, till they tnrned the corner. .No Nelly was standing there. No crotrd. 'I took her in-riert -door to. Mrs. Hudson a' ' ' The deuce voiflSidJ ; 'Conld. you not have gone iarther ufFT : ' ' 1 -wonld have J dona,' : bat. I. heard a whisper that alarmed ma - A voice In the -crowd said, ' She is exactly like the girl who is being advertised for.' I lost my wits in fear.', ; , 'Hang the whole business,' growled Mark. < I most get her away to-night.' ; - v Nelly bad heard alL Mack's non- success with her father. His bittei denunciation against her ; his message that before ebe conld return to his respectable h'rme she mast be able to show a certificate of marriage. She stood stnnned. The fall force of her desola tion and poverty conld not have fallen on her at a worse time. Bewildered, pr«8t rated, horrified at the treatment she had received, from Mrs. Hudson's hands waiting, as she supposed, the policeman's advent; weeping, disgraced, friendless; praying wildly for Mark's return to relieve ber; her prayer -an swered, but only to deepen her woe,she grew stnnned, unconscious almost at first of any feeling. The agohy of learning that her father refused to believe in ber protestations and appeals ; that he despite all Mark's pleadings declined to Bee and help her ; that it was positively trne he was wil fnlly withholding back all hope of rescne, was a blow too hard almost to endnre. ' What will yon do, Miss Henstock !' asked Dagmar, as her patience got ex hausted, Nelly raieedfeer blue eyes so fall of misery-and anguish, bet did not actually see either of her companions. ' 'I — I think I will — go to — prison; they will help me there, feed, clothe ma' ' Prison 1' exclaimed Mark, passion ately, not whilst I have a crust to share with yon. You have been subjected to atrocious treatment. Mrs. Hudson I will call to account, bnt yonr father's behavionr is imqoitoos, unpardonable.' 'Dear father,' moaned Nelly, 'he muBt have been deceived.' . ' Hie wants haoging 1' declared Mark, with ferocity. The remembrance of his lUsvltlCff ICwUI IlUg IV UI3 UlCUiVIJ and ronsing hie temper. I wish I had the handling of him.' I cannot nnderstand it, really,' observed Nelly, sadly. His indifference to my appeals, his disregard to my sufferings are so very unlike bim. Yon are snre, Mark, yon ' ' Now yon are going to doubt my sincerity,' interrupted Mark, with a well feigned injured air. As I told yon be fore I left, it was to my interest as well as to yonra to conciliate him.' 'Of course, of coarse,' marmored poor Nelly, distressedly. ' Only it ie all so incomprehensible a situation from beginning to end tbat it dazss me. I scarcely know what to think, what to believe. If I had gone to father as I wanted, I feel snre I conld have realised the situation better. Bnt, oh 1' bursting out into a flood of tears ; ' I most think of the present. I — was not that a knock! Hold me 1 keep me, Mark. I cannot, will not go to prison. I am afraid now that they have come.' 'Bat what are yon going to do, dear, abont paying yonr arrears !' suggested Dagmar, politically. ' Mrs. Hudson will insist on being paid. Yon are not the first person I have seen her bant oat and pnt in prison 1' Ob, tbey are coming — coming for me. I hear the men's footsteps j' shrieked Nelly. Mark, save me, save me !' He left the room, smiling to himself with satisfaction at her helplessness ; her unguarded appeals to him. ' If he offers to marry yon,' whispered Dagmar, hurriedly, 'accept him. It will be noble of bim if he does. You are without change of clothingeetitnte, deserted. Take my advice as a woman who has seen the world, and snatch at his offer lest he repeat It not and yon be thrown on the streets.' ' Many him — thus — now,' said Nelly, shrinkingly. ' Marry him when he suggests it, if he should ha so disinterested. What else will become of yon !' Won't yon help me to get a living P sobbed Nelly, piteonsly. ' Won t he Dagmar s'ampsd her foot. ' Child, yon little know what yon ask. A living to be pained by a lonely un protected female in the pitfalls of a city sach as this, is what yon and yonr soft are wholly unfitted for. Not to be named in the same day as a safe marriage with an estimable and deserving young man.' ' Marry him 1 Marry Mark,' mnr- mnred Nelly, repeating his sentence over and over as if desirous to imprint it on her brain. Marry him inthis dilemma. It wonld be hard for me to impose my- eelf on him in such a predicament. My head is dnll, numb. I can't think.' Mark re-entered - the room. He handed a long bill .to Nelly for 'her in spection. She glanced at the sum total, £9 odd- \- ' It is a great deal of money ehe has overcharged fearfully.' ' It will have to be . paid, I fear. We made no agreement with her.' -: And I have not a penny.- I ' Mark pnt his arm tenderly round her and drew her unresistingly to him. Had she never before cared for him, the haven and shelter of his arms most have been welcome to her then. I won't have you cry another tear,' he said, 'spoiling this pretty face. which must "be mine. Don't trouble - so, darling. I -have promised to pay Mrs. Hudson ; the arrest is stopped 1' ' Hate you, Mark P exclaimed Nelly ; ' how good of yon. I have done iton one condition.' What is that? she asked, quickly. That you become my wife !' I told yon, dear Mark, tbat I wonld, -some day — when father : — was agree able' - ' 'Name not that ridfisih man to me. ! Nelfyl must cialm yonr promise <at WcCa-itfaiB , evening, - or : pet ted -kin \- yon. We cannot remain together with- out our characters becoming farther i compromised. It fa mpoIIlble,, Impossible f repeated Dagmar Yotoski, nodding her head acqniescingly. Nelly looked at her lover with startled, shy eyes. Marry — soon — without trousseau, bridesmaids !' ' Without money, everything !' he buret in, impetuously. ' My love, this 1 is no time to beat about the bash. Yonr extremity provides the strained situation. We are tibt the creatu'reh of choice but of circamstances. ' If yon love me' — he paused — 'yon'do, Nelly T Yes, yes ! she answered, shyly. ' Then we mast' be married 'at once without delay.' 'Ob, Mark, it is impossible 2 how can I !' Then I mast leave yon to Mrs. Hudson's tender mercies. The law will have to pnnieh yon, yonr father brought to reason ; in the meantime yon will probably die, yon sensitive little eon!.' Bnt, Mark, yon mast not abandon me — now !' Either tbat or marry yon at once. I do not care to sacrifice - my repntation any more than yon do, Nelly ; and to stay on the terms we are on subject us to obliqoy, disgrace. Your father, mine, at the best of times were dead against onr nnion. They now . utterly discard as. It wonld be easier for me to re- linqmsb yon than you — who have no idea of my position — may imagine. Not from affection's standpoint we won't enter into that, bnt from a worldly view. Bnt I love you aod would save yon, Nelly. I offer to many yon and give yon a home tiUsachtime — if ever — that the pateroals forgive. Yon must be snarp ana aecida When — when should When should we be married ! — to night — at onca' ' Oh, no, I conld not.' Then, I mast leave you, darling. I wonld have shielded you and been good.' Mark, I have no clothes 1' Don't I know it 1 Those can easily be purchased. Dagmar will help yon. Only give mea husband's right to protect yon, and all yonr troubles will be ended.' 'Howconldwe be married so hurriedly?' ' Leave tbat to ma' It would not be quite legal at so late an hour.' Mark laughed reassuringly. Should I be doing my ntmost to peranade you if it were not ! Nelly, if I were a bad man, nnwortby of being trusted, need I spend my time arguing? Her aenee told her tbat he might have behaved far less handsomely had be been so minded. ' He has been married before, trnst bim wholly,' whispered Dagmar. Her very communication proved a very bomb shell to her hearer. ' Married before 1 Mark, have yon !' exclaimed Nelly. 'No, no, this cannot be true !' If a sudden flash from Mark's eyes conld have slain Dagmar Yotoski for her unwelcome disclosure she had never breathed again. It is trne, Nelly ; a secret of my past; she died and left ma It is her place I desire to filL' Nelly placed her band on his arm diffidently. 'I will be yonra. Arrange things as yon wilL' Mark took her in his arms Bnd kissed her warmly. Nelly thought her sorrows were past. Yon will always be good to me, Mark !' ' Ever, my own dearest Nell.' ' Had I not better take Miss Henstock back to my room ? said Dagmar, offi ciously. 'I have a bonnet and shawl that wonld better become a bride's attire than her hat and jacket.' so, no 2 exciaimea jxeuy, snnnx- insly. ' I will not venture near Mrs. Hudson asain !' Bring them here, good Mademoiselle Yotoski, always thefrieodoftheoppreseed. Call a cab too whilst yon are ont. I will thank the lady of the house for the use of the room, and we will all go together and get tea somewhere. After that oar nuptials,- and we will be free from Mrs. Hudson and ber rudeness.' ' Where shall we.go T inquired Nelly. ' I shall have to plan all that ont. Thiscalainity — Mrs. Hudson's behaviour and yonr father's cruelty — have come on me unprepared.' 'It is just as if I were thrown atyon, Mark.' He smiled strangely, an old unfathom able smile. ' Bat ' yon won't think it, will yon ? she asked. 'And then, then dear, when I can go to my father with onr marriage certificate, be will forgive, and your poor Nelly will he happy again.' Mark scowled. His expression was forbidding.. 'It strikes me, Nelly, that we may reconcile .ourselves to remain unforgiven,'. he observed, coldly. We ere both very black sheep down at Slackaby, I can assure yon.' 'Bnt yon will give me money, and let me go to father !' she nrged. ' Fm snre he Conld not' bold ont long against my entreaties. He never has done yet. He has always been so gentle' and good. ' Suppose we disease something else.' Nelly wasHistressed, bnt obeyed. She intended,' however, to get ler'way'hsfofe many weeks' were over. ' fb, the happy fatnre tbat was to be theira,all together, Nelly iocladed. The marriage did riot come off that; evening, soma trivial matter prevented it ' Nelly wga \tedu(teL rundOT jjteeltte ":Pf. Mark'S i proWtion, to , re-enter Mra 'Hudson's and spend one . more night there, sharing Dagmar's bed.: - J The next morning they drove with drawn blinds to a church that was near. and there they, two — Mark and Nelly — plighted their troth either to other. Nelly's face -was very sober aod snb- dned. She felt frightened at the extreme secrecy that Mark assured her had to be observed. She wanted her' father's reassuring smile. Mark fidgetted and was terytestieW, daring the ceremony scarcely brighter that Nelly. He looked aronhd frequently as if dreading In terruption, at ' which Dagmar Yotoski, the 'sole witness to the ceremony, wondered. .She, contrary to ali expecta tion had a. Bhort 'fit of weeping. 1 -I always think marriages are snch mournful affairs,' ehe raid to Nelly. \- Is that the reason yon could never induce any one to have you ? asked Mark, abruptly. ' She' gave him a queer stare, bnt made no reply.'5 \- Were yon expecting Olga to come and comfort yon that yon kept jerkiDg yonr head round ? -she asked. Not : ' exactly/ he replied, with a shudder. ' I don't look ont for the dead to come and grace a marriage festivity.' An angry reply was on the tip of Dagmar's hasty tongne. She contrived to smother it back, as she kissed Nelly, ' We belong to each other for life now,' Nelly remarked to Mark as they left the chnfoh. For life, he answered. To himself he added, ' Not if I know it, by Jove. Ah, Miss Nelly, .ah, Mademoiselle Yotoski, yon are both imposed upon. I have committed big-a-my. " It's an ngly word. Bnt Olga, my first ''wife, lives, though neither of yon know it. I can throw my present little darling off just when I coooee. nt, na i Unconscious of those fiendish exalt ations, Nelly entered on her new life In love and hope.- Her, whole desire was concentrated' io gaining ber father's for giveness. Little thought she that ehe had hot jnst consummated an act that effectually cat her off from ' the very object her heart was centred . npon. (To be continued.) 