THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. The freedom of the Australian solitudes, the rollicking unconventionality of Australian ??d life are perfectly reflected in the manners of the Australian statesmen. And only the prejudiced can say that he is not infinitely elevated thereby. How virile is the laconic telegram of a Dibbs or a ?McIlwraith compared with the muling, mealy- mouthed diplomacy of the old world; how decisive the pistol practice of a Kingston contrasted with the harmless tongue-thrusts of Gladstone! Where Disraeli—a feeble noise-maker—protested against "the hare- brained chatter of irresponsible frivolity," an Australian Minister would simply have ???ferated "Dry up, you dingoes!" What Salisbury or Rosebery was ever heard to exclaim boldly, "Blast Berlin!" or "Jerusalem be jiggered!" No, they have not got the pluck. But Australian statesman have, and in due time they will gain the reward of bravery. They will fight themselves into federation, and curse and jaw around until the broad bosom of this mighty continent reposes in perfect peace and harmony. At present the methods by which this great end is being brought about is interesting to study, as all novelties in statecraft or anything else must be. Time.—The morning of a United Australia conference. First Colonial Premier (stretching himself beneath the bedclothes).—If you're waking call me early, call me — — Great Scott! I've got a tongue like a lime burner's boot and a throat like a sockful of door-knockers. How- ever, I must go and meet those fellows at the station. This is the maddest, merriest day—ugh! somebody'll suffer for this (buries his face in the water caraffe and dresses pain- fully). Scene.—Railway station. Other delegates arrive. First Premier (laconically welcoming visi- tors).—Ah; there you are! Newcomers (more laconically).—Yes. First Premier (most laconically).—Humph! Second Premier.—Get my telegram? First Premier (savagely).—Yes, and by —, I've a good mind to —— (clenches his fist and scowls, but is restrained by private secretary). Chorus of Premiers.—Dear me! What is the matter, gentlemen? First Premier (excitedly).—Here is a pretty thing to send a man! (Produces telegraph form containing rude drawing of boy with thumb to his nose and fingers outstretched.) However, I've sent him back a diagram that'll fix him up. A door marked Gehenna and a bally back view of his own figure going in. Ha! ha! But we had better get to work now. (They gather round official table.) Third Premier.—We'll first settle this pre- liminary intercolonial matter about the Murray-bridge. First Premier (explosively).—Blow the bridge! Third Premier (indignantly).—Blow the bridge? Why, communication between To- cumwal— First Premier (more explosively).—Blank Tocumwall! Chairman (to Third Premier, soothingly).— Tut! tut! take no notice of Sir Toby. You would not believe it, but only the other day I heard him speak disrespectfully of Mada- gascar. He is a little fond of his Ds—his dots and daubes, don't you know. First Premier (with rolling eye).—Who is it that says I'm dotty. Chairman (judicially).—Not that, sir. What I intended to convey, without offence, was that if a jury of medical experts made an examination as to your sanity they would pro- nounce you unfit to manage your own affairs, let alone those of a colony. First Premier.—Ah! would you! you pot- tering old poetaster! (Hurls volume of verses at chairman's head, but is again re- strained.) Fourth Premier (sententiously).—Order being now restored, we can discuss a few of the practical advantages of union. Firstly, now, the colony of my hon. friend will of course at once adopt our common law for the exclusion of the Turk and infidel. (Warming.) At any rate, if not, I'll take dashed good care to know the reason why. First Premier (beaming).—You will! Oh you will, will you? Lemme go there, I say. You just come an' try to pass the law your- sell, do you hear? I've got the tail of a dray ready to tie you to and whip you all the way home again! Fourth Premier.—May I be roasted if I stand this (To colleague)—Baker, where is my pistol? First Premier (in attitude of defence).—Drop your shooting iron. None of your Town-hall skirmishes here. Come on like a man. (They federate in a close clinch. Other Premiers similarly federate; crimson thread of kinship trickles picturesquely down their visages; chairman commences Ode to Liberty, and cathedral joy bells ring out, "This is a happy land.") In these times of depression, when thou- sands wear the pavements smooth in the fruitless search tor employment, one can hardly help envying the lot of those fortunate individuals who enjoy a permanency in the public service or the leading banks, or, best of all, on a jury. Here are the faithful twelve who preside over the destinies of Speight v Syme not only drawing their comfortable "tenner" a week per man, but relieving the tedium of the sittings with pleasant little country excursions under the guidance of such admirable cicerones as Mr. George Moir and Mr. Gordon Stewart. Theirs it is to explore the dim fast- nesses of the Outer Circle Railway or to wander through the cool sequestered vales of the Great Southern line, inspired by the blissful knowledge that the luncheon-hamper is supplied by the parties to the action, and that the bottled beer will be costs in the cause. Yet, so frail a thing is man, so heed- less of joys within his grasp, so envious of future pleasures, that even with all this there was found one unsatisfied juryman. Cer- tainly he did not ask for anything out of the way. He only wanted to know whether he might take his gun. Miss Nellie Stewart returned to Melbourne on Tuesday:— Nellie's home again this week— "Home" again—who knows, When upon each traitor cheek Smiles the English rose? Travelling on the tramway car, Riding in the train, Runs the rumour near and far— Nellie's back again. Nellie sets the Melbourne block Crazy with her smile, Nellie wears a killing frock— Latest English style. Chappies passing to and fro, Languidly inane, Murmur "Dash it, dontcherknow, Nellie's back again." Back to send our cares to flight, Back to make us laugh— With a single glance to write Sorrow's epitaph. Debts may press us—duns pursue— Bills mature, in vain; Nature wears a brighter hue— Nellie's back again. Birds that carol in the spring Welcome Nellie home— Wanderer, shall we clip your wing Lest once more you roam? And with kindly cruelty Cage you for your strain— Ah we never want to see Nellie's back again. At last! Whoop, oh W.C.T.U. Howl for joy, good Mrs. Harrison Lee. Let the whole shrieking sisterhood rejoice and be glad, for there is at least one righteous colony in the Australasian group. New Zealand has accorded female suffrage with certain reservations it is true, but still nothing that the next Parliament of petticoat-led politicians will not sweep away at a single blow. And, oh fertile theme for platform addresses it was by a narrow majority of two that the great work was ac- complished and one of these was a Maori. A generation or so since this gentleman's ancestors, in their peaceful primeval soli- tudes, enforced the doctrine of feminine in- feriority with a tomahawk, and banqueted with a clear conscience upon their maiden aunts or other surplus female relatives. But now, thanks to the spread of civilisa- tion, the Maori will know better. Hence- forth, even in the unaccessible King country, the single woman of mature age will be en- abled to live at peace. There will be no more spitting of mothers-in-law, or stewing of spinsters. The Maori legislator will cheer- fully endure the pangs of hunger rather than break up the constituency, and restrain his appetite with the thought that he cannot afford to lose a single vote. New Zealand is going to be a happy place. There will be no pubs, except on the Mildura basis; no clubs, no alcohol, no barmaids, no bullet girls, no exhibitions in the shops and the art galleries of the undraped female figure—none, in short, of those little comforts which till now have been considered indispensable to the moral well-being of the average citizen. The age of consent will be raised to 60, as it is generally conceded that most women begin about that time to lose their youthful bloom. Bachelorhood after the age of 19 will be considered a penal offence, but should the culprit plead want of means, a position with a salary sufficient to support a wife and family in decent comfort will be found for him in the civil service, which will be devoted entirely to this object. Every hus- band must be within doors at 11 p.m., with- out a written permit from his wife and the wives of the next-door neighbours. Juries of matrons will adjudicate on divorce and breach of promise cases, and, as a special precaution, good-looking men will be forced to wear veils when using the public thorough- fares. When all this has been accomplished it is difficult to foretell exactly what will happen. Presumably the entire male popu- lation will be so permanently ill that the medical men will have to prescribe stimu- lants, or else the female voters will kill each other off until they are reduced to an insig- nificant minority, and things settle down to the old basis. But what will be the position of the temperance lecturesses, the apostles of female suffrage, the distributers of goody goody tracts? Will they remain, and starve to death? No, they must fly from a commu- nity so moral as to need no converting, and hasten to some happier land where vice stalks rampant through the streets, and the temperance lecturess can get a living. There is one point about the Society for Psychical Research which must not be al- lowed to remain in the background. The society's operations will be an obvious en- croachment on the demesne of the palmists and futurists who have earned the prescrip- tive right by a long course of successful cheiromancy to remain for all time on the hands of the community. When the greatest care is taken by fortune-tellers to ensure accuracy for the modest fee of one shilling it is hard, indeed, that an institution should be allowed to come into existence, which, for the starvation fee of 10s. 9d. per annum, will enable people to get their futures interpreted, or their pasts if they care to stand the ordeal revealed by prosaic phantoms, who will be weighed and measured by Professor Laurie before being allowed to commence business, and who will have to give their name, age, birth- place, and religion to Mr. Hart before leaving, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. The fortune- tellers of Melbourne have hitherto earned a fair competency and enjoyed an untroubled existence, except for the periodical descents of the evening paper men in the dull season, but the time has now come for them to bestir themselves in resisting the attempt of leading churchmen, medical practitioners, and scien- tific experts to make an organised attack upon their means of living. Madame Fizgig, a prominent representative of the prophesy- ing sisterhood, puts her case very fairly thus:— The cards is full of trouble an' there's mischief in the pack, I seen a fair man plain last night who's got some little game— I judged 'im a professor, but there's others at 'is back, Them clubs kep close together though I always cut the same. And no blessed odds it made If the suit was red or black, Diamond, heart, or club or spade; T'was the Jack. To-day they comes and tells me that this same professor's bin And 'as started a serciety for Thingummy Re- search, For to take the steak an' onions an' the 'umble drop of gin Out of the pore lone widder's mouth, an' knock 'er off 'er perch. They may call it somethin' new, For to get the people in, But the science fake won't do— It's too thin. There aint no law, nor yet there aint no justice to be 'ad With them 'arf a dozen doctors, wich they don't behave as such, For they want to spoil my trade, though if I treat folks as is bad, They'd 'aul me up before the beaks, and jug me for a stretch. If they'd stick to their own line, Camomile and liver pad, An' not hinterfere with mine, I'd be glad. They wants to know a deal too much; they wants to 'vestigate, An' find out wot the ghost is that my customers is shown, And who it is that raps the walls, and writes things on the slate, And now and then wen biz is slack gives forth a gashly groan. It's unkind of them to laugh, That's the sort ot thing I 'ate; Wy I'd never blow the gaff, On a mate. We 'as our little 'umbug, an' we works our little fake, An' we makes a simple livin' from the wery simple mob; But now they've queered the pitch, they'll knock us out in 'arf a shake, For we car'nt compete with science wen its fairly on the job. But an ad valorem tax, For the home-grown sperrits' sake, That is all the aid we ax; All we'll take. If there is a more determined lady litigant alive than Miss E. J. Spence it is Mrs. Clara Amy Parker, who makes another generous contribution to the legal programme just as the Mercantile Bank cases and Speight v. Syme are beginning to lose their interest in their length. Mrs. Parker has a fine eye for effect, and the next instal- ment of her life and adventures will arrive, it is to be hoped, in time to be published in book form as a Christmas annual. The Argus reports of her career, admirably full as they are, do not readily permit of illustration by which the interest of the most enthralling letterpress may be so much enhanced, and yet there are one or two characters who flit across the pages of the romantic story so rapidly that one would like to see their features preserved in black and white, lest they may be utterly forgotten. Mrs. Parker has met many strange people in her time, but the figure of that blue-coated, brass-buttoned purser who lent her £100 on board the American bound vessel, is surely among the strangest. The unquestioning trust of that kind-hearted officer is no less remarkable than his extensive capital, and he certainly deserves some recog- nition from a grateful community who, but for his timely aid, would never have enjoyed the recital of the story which, it is now to be presumed, is drawing near its closing chapters. I have met many pursers. Suavity is their strong point; but those who have £100 to lend are, alas! rare. Looking askance into the mists of doubt and disillusionment which surround us we descry the figure of Councillor John Turner, and wonder whether he be a betrayer or philanthropist. Councillor Turner is seeking to reform the ballot—just as he would the ballet, no doubt, if he could have his way— into a drawingroom entertainment. Let voting, he urged the other day, be done in the drawingroom instead of at the polling- booth. Then women who would never go to a polling-place will be able to post their voting papers, and so exercise the franchise in reality as well as in name. That obviously is a good thing or a bad one, as you like to look at it. We have not tackled the woman's suffrage problem here us yet, but in New Zealand they have, and Coun- cillor Turner is apparently preparing the way for the new doctrine in Victoria. So far he must be regarded with suspicion by the stern sex. Upon the subject of babies, on the other hand, he appeared sound. He desired to put a stop to "the barbarous habit of kissing babies," being of opinion that candidates at elections still follow the practice so reluctantly conformed to by Mr. Veneering in Our Mutual Friend. Coun- cillor Turner has sampled the baby of the average constituent, found it odorous of glycerine and violet powder, and thinks to gain masculine support by proposing emancipation from the thraldom of this infant. But here he will incense the ladies as much as he delighted them with his drawingroom ballot- paper. One cannot suc- cessfully face both ways. The question with Councillor John Turner will shortly be, "Under which king, Bezonian; speak or die," and he may find it an awkward one. 