THE LITTLE GREY NURSE. By MAnR- LEIGH. CHAPTER I. THE GREY NURSE. It was a st ange chain of circumstances that led me to renounce my bachlorhood, and enter into the holy state of matrimony. I, John Martyn, M.D., M.R.C P., after thirty-four years of sweet, unrestrained liberty, in less than thirty-four hours, suc cumbed completely to the fascinations of a certain fair little woman of whom you will hear anon. "Come down for a week, Jack," Gregory Ormond had said that eventful December. "I know you enjoy a bit of shooting and hunting and I can give you both." I was extremely fond of both sports, but they were not sufficient to tempt me to spend the week with Ormond at his fine old place in H- shire. There was something about Ormond that clashed withemy finer feelings. He was very well as a club acquaintance, but I could never dream of classing him with my friends. Perhaps the ugly rumours afloat as to his private life had something to do with this prejudice. A man who is reported to have wooed and wedded a young inexperienced girl for her money and then neglects and ill treats her, is not the man I could call friend and love as a brother. "No thanks, Ormond," I replied, civilly enough. . "I really do not think I could leave my practice. I am particularly busy just now." "Nonsense, old man, why do you keep two assistants if you cannot trust your practice in their hands for a week ? Look here, if the shooting and hunting are not a sufficient draw, let me tell you th.t Pro fessor Wagstaffe is to be Qon of my guests. Come, now, don't you want to meet him P" I pricked up my ears and flashed my eyes into his face with sudden but intense interest. He was smiling and watching me with a cunning little sneer in his eyes. "Well " he inquired. " I'll come," I answered cooly. "Pro fessor Wagstaffe is, the one man above all men at present that I lbng.to meet ; I have been introduced to him, but have never had the pleasure of conversing with him." " You will have any amount of oppor tunities down at my place," said Ormo nd, carefully flicking the ash'f from his cigar "I think you will like him, he is a good sort of a fellow." So, through the- medium of one of the most celebrated: scientists of that day, I went down to Gregory Ozmond's ancestral home, was the means of discovering one of the most cruel]and unnatural crimes ever premeditated,iand also met and won my wife. It was in the evening of the fourteenth of December that I arrived at Ormond Hall. It was a'lcold raw night outside, and when 1 entered the fragrant warmth of the dimly-ligbhted entrance hall I was fain to stay my footsteps beside the blazing fire before proceeding farther. "Tell 'your master that I have arrived a nd ,srold liker to see him' if ha is at liberty," I said, addressing a grave elderly manEer Iant who, stood raspectfully by my side. - SThe man bowed and. glided away and I ,as left the-aoleko cipantof- thansmanif cent old hall. I'varmed myself and looked about me curiously. "'Surely Ormond is a lueky dog," I thought; as I surveyed the arvioaked walts and grand staircase and th" splebdidly - painted ceiling with a critical and covetous eye. I brought my gaze down from the gorgeous ceiling with a start. Someone was slo sly and hesitatingly descending the wide staircase. Not my host, as I first thought it might be, but a dainty, little grey-clad figure, wTith a snowy cap resting upon her golded head, and snowy linen at her throat ani wrists. I gazed blankly into the little pae face and sorrowful dark eyes, and stool spellbound before the fire, as the tiny slippered feet, peeping beneath the whitr apron, slowly and hesitatingly touche.l each stair. She reached the last step, and then, as I moved forward impulsively, she turned again, and, like an arrow from a bow, sped swiftly up the wide staircase and was lost from my sight. I g-zed ruefully up the.gloomy staircase. " What a lovely little nurse ;" I murmured, I and then 1 wondered who Ormond had illi in the house. Not his wife certainly, for she, poor girl, so rumour said, was recruit ing her shattered health and nerves in the south of France.', Perhaps one of the servants, but Ormond would scarcely engage an liospital nurse to attend upon a domestic. - Still musing thoughtfully, Jack Ormond himself appeared, and I determined to ask him. I was unable to carry out my resolve, however, for my host greeted me loudl, and warmly, and gave me but little chance to put in a word. His handsome face was flushed, and his manner was buoyant and gay in the I extreme, contrasting strangely, so it seemed to me, with the haggard wildnesss of his eyes and the worried, anxious expression of his whole countenance. " Glad you have come, Jack!" he cried effusively, " let me show you your room. Professor Wagstaffe is dying to know you." \- CHAPTER II. THE PROFESSOR. Gregory Ormond had collected his house party with better taste and discrimination than I gave him credit for, but, un .deubtedly, Beatrice Stanley, Ormonds amarried sister, had a great deal to do with the selection. Handsome nIrs Stanley was no favorite of mine, but I acknowledged her tact and leverness as I glanced critically round the company of brilliant men and women collected together in the drawing-room. I k?ew most of them, but my interest was chiefly centred in the man I had so long wished to become personally acquainted with, Professor WagstaEffe. He was a tall, fine man, between fifty and sixty years of age, with a splendid head and face, and a pair of the most wonderful e~es I have ever seen in any ann's face. Dark brown in colour, soft. tender, and dreamy, yet brilliant, and piercing with intelligence and genius. dHis voie was singularly sweet and caressing, aid his snmile indly, that even little children who had never seen him before went to him in tinatively. In dress he wbs somewhat slovenly, as men of genius are sometimes, but in the most shabby and antiquated coat imagin able, he still looked what he undoubtedly was--a gentaemen. He welcomed me kindly, and patiently nistened to my modest theories and opinions, Sanswered my numerous qIestions fully and painstakingly, and in fact, treated me so -ell that before balf-au'hour had elapsed my admiration had grown unto positive reverence,and I became his devoted follower I[ ~ champion from that time forward. At ?inner the converl7ation turned upon ghosts. I think it. was Beatrice Stanley, who was jL~ying hostess in her usual im maculate ?t~te, who began it, and the ths~i ever haunted a house !" cried Gregory sOrmond, excitedly. "Pretty !" chorused the ladies. " Lovely, I should say. None of your wi'b..eed up old hag5, or dishevelled, moaning females, but a demure little grey hsespital nurse, ;tle face. She is our -host, ladies and geltlemen-' onsens " e...e ry olie cried, scoftingly, and I hastened to raise my glass to my lips to hide my emotion, trusting that no one bad noticed my violen. t tt as bad deseribet the faiRil gh?ot to u? , "No nonsense, I can assure you," an swered Gregory with more warmth than was necessary, so it seemed to me. "I have seen her myself, and so have Beatrice and the servants. I have only described her to you so that you will know her when you meet her." Some of the women shrieked here, and raising my eyes from my plate, I met the soft, bright gaze of the Professor's eyes bent earnestly upon me. I felt myself colour up, and to hide my embarrassment, I said quickly : " Do you believe in ghosts, Professor ! " He smiled, but replied with his usual kind promptitude : "In your old family ghosts who have been wandering over and over one house for generation and generation, certainly not, but I do believe that if you wish it, you can bring back the spirit of anyone you love just for one brief, sweet instant." I think everybody round the table changed colour. I know I did, and Gregory Ormond went livid. It was not the words exactly that affected us, but the solemn blood-curdling manner in which the Pro fessor uttered them. "I always thought Wagstaffe was cranky, I am convinced c f it now," muttered a voice at my elbow, and I turned indignantly to my lt ft-hand neighbour, a little pale, in significant man with an habitual disagree able expression upon his face, and a dis gustingly cross-grained manner with him. L knew him slightly. He was Beatrice Stanley's husband. "Cranky chap," he repeated, nodding his head toward the Professor. I shrugged my shoulders, and turned my head from him and my attention to the conversation that was going on. " But, Professor," Ormond was saying, in an ex sited, injured way. " surely you believe in our family ghost when I tell you that I have seen her myself ! " " My dear boy." answered the Professor, good- humnouredly, " I do not dispute your word but I must see your ghost myself before I believe." 'Then you will be convinced soon, for you will be sure to see her before many days, or perhaps hours, have passed," de clared Ormond, triumphantly. " Pr.,fessor," T said diffidently, "pardon me, but you raid just now that you be lieved if we wished we could bring back the spirit of anyone we loved. Can you prove this to u~ " " Bosh !" came in a hoarse whisper from my little left-hand neighbour. I turned still farther from him, and met the kindly glance of the Professor. " Certainly, with pleasure, my dear sir. I will relate a personal experience if the ladies care to hear it." There was a general polite murmur of assex, though I know more than one fair dame was shaking in her slippers with superstitious horror. " It was when I was a young min at college," began the Pro fessor, his eyes upon the sherry glass he was twisting in his fingers. I had returned about a week to Oxford after the Long Vacation when I received the news that my mother had died quite suddenly my r:ame the last upon her lips. Now, just bef:'re 1 aving home, I had displeased my mother in some way, and she had lectured me, somewhat severely for her. So incensed and mortified was I at this that I would not speak to her for two days, and ever at the moment of parting I refused to kiss her. ' ' Kis me, my own dear boy,' she had pleaded; nut I was hard as flint, and putt ing her loving arms from my neck, I turned a' ay and left her and never saw her again " The Pi ofessor paused for one second, his face wonderfully tender, sad, and regretful. "You can imagine my grief and horror when I heard the tidings. To my dying lay I shall never forget those first bitter hcurs. I threw myself down in my room nud pray:ed that she might come )ack again to me for the kiss I had refused to give her. Day after lay, nigh; after night, this was my one orayer ' God, let her come back for one moment that I may kiss her.' "At lasit one night my passionate prayer was gr&nts; d." The Professor paused again,land a shudder paonse round the table. " It was a beautiful summer night, light as day, wit;h the moonlight streaming over the room. I lay in my bed, my passionate pleading prayer upon my lips, when in the stream of moonlight, my mother came toward me with outstretched bands, and a glad fond smile upon her face. ' She waS dressed jest as I had seen her many times; there was nothing unearthly or supernatural about her. "Mother I" I cried loudly, sitting up in bed, "'oh, mother ! have you come for my kiss ? Mother, mother, say you forgive me." " She came closer to me until I felt her dear arms about me and her lips upon mine." "I forgive you, my dear, dear boy. God bless you," she whispered. I clung to her passionate y, and poured out all my pent up ,epentanc, regret, and love, in kisses upon her belove I f ace. " Darlin ;, goid-bye," she cried, "and then [ felt her irms wi'hdraw from me, and I fell back upon my pillows in a swoon. When I came to m self some minutes afterwards the moonligh;; was streaming in as serenely as ever, and not a sign was there of a super catural visitation." The Pr.'essor ceased, and we all drew our arcaths shirply. I felt rather than saw that dainty la.-: handkerchiefs were being used ,ather freely on the other side of the table, but I did not raise my eyes from my plate, where th'eF had rested throughout the Pro fessor'e story. "Sensational bosh I Mad as a March hare I Ought to have been locked up ages ago !" erunted my cross-grained left-hand com panion. "Very pretty and touching; thank you, Professor," cried Beatrice 8tanley sweetly, giving the ladies the signal to rise at the same time. " Don't you believe in him; he is an old Iraud," vhhisp:red Mlrs Stanley'. little cab of Shusband, as the ladies left the room. "ie is a wolf in sheep's clothing. I know iim," with a diabolicallaer; "don't you have anything to do with him." " When I reqcire your advice I will ask you for i', Mr. Stanley," I replied coldly, turning a' ay from him. CHAPTER III. wAs sHE A. GHOST? It was w range that twice in one night I -aw the pretty little nurse ghost of Ormond Ha'l. I had with great diplomacy, so I thought, inveigled the Professor into a scientificargu ment, and long after the other men had de parted to their respective bedrooms we had sat in the snug smoke-room, talking and smoking. It was close on three o'clock in the morning when we lighted our candles and wended ou way up the grand staircase. "So you do not believe in Ormond's family g'host, Professor ?" I said, in a subduedt voice, as we climbed slowly up side by side. He laughed gently. ' I did not say so, but I should like to see her." We had reached the top, and I saw, just as he spoke, advancing swiftly towards us the little grey figure I had seen about eight hours previously. I grasped the Professor's arm excitedly, and motioned towards her. With the utmost coolness he drew me gently on one side, so that she could pass us on her way downstairs, and even in my excitement I noticed a little smile playing round his lips. The flutter ing white aproif almost touched me as she flitted past us, and my heart beat with ad ditional rapidity as I met the sorrowful, pleading dirk eyes. She did not glance at the Professor, and I noticed after she had passed us that he had kept well in the back ground, my burly figure almost entirely hiding him. "OQmond should not allow his pretty little ghost to wander about this time in the morn ing," he cried sarcastically, looking over my shoulder; "twelve o'clock is the proper time for a ghost's constitutional." There was a note in the Professor's voice that jarred upon me, an I turned upon my heel sharply, "What has Orm'on to do with it?" I growled. He laughed again, and I ,parted with him at his bedroom, door some what coldly. My room was modernly fitted up, contain ing every luxury and convenience, with not a shadow of anything ghostly or supernatural about it. I went straight to my fire, poked it savagely, and then sat down for half-an hnur's smoke and think, before turning in. When I threw away the end of my last cigarette and rose to my feet to prepare for bed, I said to myself with an audible chuckle: "Ormond should have obtained a more appropriate uniform when he obtained his little ghost nurse. I wonder if the hospital nurses of a hundred years ago (if there were any) wore the same uniform, neat little caps and aprons included, as they do in this eminently practical age of ours! Ah, Ormond, you are not half sharp enough for an old practitioner like my self." Still chuckling and feeling mightily pleased at my discovery, I went to bed and dreamed all night of pretty grey hospital nurses, noble-faced Professors, and weird ghost stories. The following day a shooting party was organised, and I was one of the number, We had a capital day's sport, and it was not until the dusk was beginning to fall that we wended our weary steps homeward. Either by chance or design, and I am tempted to think the latter, B3atrice Stanley's husband attached himself to me, lighted his pipe at mine, and trudged on steadily by my side. I made one or two general remarks about the day's sport, then lapsed into silence, too tired to exert my self to talk to such a moody companion. Presently with extraordinary abruptness and irrevelance he said : ' I wonder what the old lunatic: has been up to to-day 7" I turned and surveyed him in amazement. " Who 7" I asked coldly. "Your Professor. I should like to know what outrage to society and the human race at large he is planning now. He has some thing in his wicked old head, I know. Some dynamite outrage or big poisoning case, or something." " if you cannot speak truthfully and re spectfully of one of the greatest men of the age, you had better not speak of him at all," I said sternly. "Now, look here, Martyn," cried the little man energetically, laying his band on my arm," you believe in this old fraud and I do not, that is the difference. He is a crazy, unscrupulous old villain. I know more of him than you do, my boy ; I believe he would sell his soul, the old fool, in the ' interest of science,' as he calls it." " I think you should explain yourself more fully, Stanley," I said stiffly; "come, what have you against the Professor 7" " I wish I could tell you, Mart3n, but I dare not ; I know only a little of his dark deeds and evil ways, Beatrice knows more and Ormond more still. I am only warning you, lad, don't cultivate a wolf in sheep's clothing for a friend; be may turn round and bite you when you least expect it." I made no reply, I was deeply annoyed and uneasy. Of course I did not believe what he had just said, but still the words had been spoken and were destined to rankle in my heart ; the seeds of doubt had been sown and already the glamour that had en circled the Professor in my eyes was begin ning to fade. On reat hing the Hall, I safely deposited my gun and trappings, and leaving the rest t smoking in the little smoke-room, mounted the stirs to my room. I entered wearily and was making my way towards the fire place wheo my eyes lighted upon a twisted i ofit of whi;e note-paper lying on my dressing table. 1 tcook it up and looked at it curiously. It was a'clressei to " Dr. John Martyn " in a pretty, clear, feminine handwriting I turned it over and over, a presentiment of the truath gradually dawning upon me. I untwisted it and then read its contents with s mingled feelings : " You are a doctor and a gentleman, and t I think you will not refuse me your advice and help. Can you meetme this evening in the west terrace at nine o'clock ? Itis a matter of life I and death (Signed) " THE GREY NURSE." 1 " Here's a how d'ye do I here's a pretty 1 mess I" quoted I excitedly. " Certainly, my pretty grey nurse, I will meet you with the s greatest of pleasure. Surely I .was born under a lucky star." I had not been in the ho':se much over forty-eight hours and yet, here Iwas already looking eagerly forward to keeping an i appointment with a sweetly pretty, mys terious little personage known as the " grey nurse." " I wonder how she got to know my name and profession," I mused; "but I daresty she has seen me somewhere before. Good- t ness knows what institution she belongs to. t Dear little thing i fancy her picking me out to help her I" t I was aroused from my pleasant and flatter ing musings by the dinner-bell,and I;hastened to change my shooting thingsfortheorthodox i dinner dress. 'I wonder what she thinks of me!" I murmured complacently, as I tied my tie in front of the glass, " she must like me or she would not trust me." I ate my dinner that evening almost without a word. My'thoughts were too busy with the little grey nurse and her note, 1) ing so snugly in my breast pocket, to talk even to the handsome, witty woman 1 whom I had taken in to dinner. She tried perseveringly to engage me into I a conversation, but each time I answered so absently and absurdly that at last, with a charming shrug and pout, she gave it up. "I giv. it up, doctor," she said, " it is about as difficult to make a pig talk as you to-night." i apologised hastily and humbly, and Beatrice Stanley took up the affair. "A penny for your thoughts, Mr Martyn; do they concern the pretty grey nurse, pray?" I looked into her handsome sneering face and wondered dreamily why she hated me so, "Your family ghost, do you mean," I in quired; "no, my thoughts jist then were with the living, not the dead." "What do you think of her now, Jack 7" asked Ormond, carelessly. "Have you seen her ?" inquired my fair companion, eagerly, and I felt a number of beautiful intercs'ed eyes instantly fasten themselves upom my impassive countenance. " Yes, I did, and so did the Professor," I replied calmly, and the number of pretty eyes were at once removed from my face to that of the Professor. I was very glad that Beatricee I Stanley at that moment gave the signal to rise I was sick of the dinner and the endless I chatter, and I was anxious to get away as soon as possible. This was not very soon, however. I had the greatest difficulty ingetting out of a scien tific argum-nt with the Professor, 1 managed by some means to wriggle out of it,and to hand him over to Ormonu, and when they were fairly in it I slipped quietly away. I obtained an overcoat and cap from the cloak room, and just as the hand of my watch was on the figare nine, I closed the hail door after me and stepped out into the bright frosty night. CHAPTER IV. THE GREY NURSE SPEIAKS. As I crossed the bright, glittering grounds I inwardly wished the moon under a cloud, or anywhere except sailing calmly across the cloudless sky. I hurried as quickly as possible to the west terrace, knowing that when I could rea'h its shelter I should be perfectly safe from pry ing eyes, as the west side of the Hall was almost entirely uninhabited. The west ter race was also, fortunately, in the shadow, and I heaved a sigh of relief when I had left the moonlight behind me. I looked eagerly before me as I strode along, and my pulses bounded as a slender, grey-oloaked figure stepped from behind a stone statue and stood before me. I stopped short, and raised my cap. " Have I kept you waiting I must apolo gise if I have," I said, trying to speak as coolly and carelessly as I could. She game close to me, and lifted a pale, agitated face. Keep close in the shadow of the walls, and speak low," she whispered, As she spolke she draw me with slndier white inBers into the shadow ofthe.masslve.-ivy.colored walls :' We shall be safe for half-an- hour, at an rate'" she went on rapidly. "I must tell yno what i|have to in as short a time as I can." She. panued, and drew a long quivering breath, and I felt that she was trembling violently. Poor little thing I was sorry in my hear, for her, and, drawing nearer to her, I took her little shaking hand and drew it through my arm. !'There," I said, patting it gently, "now trust me entirely, and tell me everything." "- I know you well by repute, and I have seen you once before in London ; thatis why I have chosen you to confide my terrible story to. I cannot tell you how glad I was when I recognised you last night in the hall. I knew. I had found someone at last who would help us." She paused for breath, and then, lowering her voice still more, continued rapidly : •" I must tell you my story as quickly as possible. Gregory Ormond's .poor wife is hidden away in the west portion of the hall, and is being gradually and most cruelly mur dered by her own husband and a friend of hie." 1 uttered an exclamation of horror and amazement, and she went on without heed-; ing me.:. " I am supposed to be here nursing her for paralysis. But, great Heaven I am as powerless to help and save her from the cruel, but sure, death that is gradually overtaking her as a child unborn. I want your help-I must have it." She spoke passionately, and clasped my arm with two clinging little hands, turning her beautiful dark eyes on to my sympathetic face.. " But I thought she was in Italy," I said, She made a gesture of impatience. " Ssit is supposed by outsiders. But the Stanleys and the servants know that she is in the house ; they imagine that she is dying from gradual paralysis of the brain and limbs. Doctor, it is a lie I" I started, but only pressed her hand; and she went on : "When I came here about six weeks ago Mrs Ormond was as well as I am, except for a strange weakness and lassitude. Now I have to feed her, lift her in and out of bed, and dress her. She has lost nearly all the use cf her limbs, besides which she is gradu ally, day by day, losing, her reason. Every day she grows more simple, more insane. Oh I doctor, it is terrible to watch her I Save her before it is too late." For the moment I thought the little grey nurse was about to break down, but, con quering her hysterical motion pluckily, she continued her story : "Doctor, I cannot bring forth positive proofs but my professional experience and instinct tells me that the poor thing is being poisoned. It is not an ordinary poisoning case either, such a one as we meet with very often in the hospitals, but it is full of horri ble mystery, cruel crime, and horror. Dec tor, do you believe that anyone can be poi soned by injection ?" " Certainly," I replied promptly. " And do you know of any slow, insidious, but deadly poison that, injected in any por tion of the body, gradually paralyses both mind and body but leaves no suspicion of poison, or anything beyond the ordinary state of nature 1" I shook my head, but said thoughtfully : "No, I know of none; but I have no doubt whatever that there is such a poison existing, and that it will be discovered some day, But, tell me. if yon are in constant attendance upon this unhappy lady, what chance has her husband to inject the poison, as you suspect he does ?" She shook her head and shivered, "' I do not know. He comes to see her regul'mrly once a week, but I never leave her whilst he is there. H possesses a key to her rooms, however, and I think the diabolical mischief is done whilst I am away some times, taking a breath of fresh air out here on the terrace, or fetching things I require from downstairs. The servants are not allowed to wait upon me, you know; if they bring a bucket of coal to the door it is as much as they dare do. They are all old, well paid servants, and they euspect no evil. They think, like Baatrice Stanley and her husband, that poor Mrs Ormond is gradually dying under the grievous affliction of para lysis of the body and the brain. She is, too, but from foul, not natural, means." "Well, what do you want me to do?,' I asked, as she paused. " I want you to examine her. You are a medical man, and you can do so with safety. Then if you find my suspicions are correct, give information tu proper authorities and have the matter well looked afcer. If you will not, help me to get away and I will expose them myself," she added passionately; "'surely there is justice even for us poor women i" " Hush l" I cried quietly; "now you are talking nonsense. Trust me, I will do every thing that is right. Tell me, is there any mark to show that an injection has ever taken place ?'" "Yes," she answered eagerry, "a little round red mark inside the right arm b low the elbow. The mark was very small when I first came, but I notice that it grows gra cually larger, and has the appearance now of a sore with the heal knocked off." " Is that the only sign 7" "All, except the increased helplessness of the limbs, and the feebleness of the brain." " When can I examine her 7" "Sunday, the day after to-morrow, would bq the best. Mr Ormond is quite safe for that day ; he never comes to see her on a Sunday, and I do not leave her from morn ing till raight." "Very well then, shall I meet you here on Sunday evening, and will you then take me to..the poor girl?" "' You meet me here at half-past six. they will be dressing for dinner then, so I think that will be the best time. Good-night, I dare not stay any loneer, they will discover us, and poor Mrs Ormond will be awake and crying for me." " Stay," I cried, as she was turning away, " you have not told me your game, what am I to call you by I" "Nurse Dawson," she replied shyly, blush. ing all over her fair little face and dropping her dark eyes beneath my ardent gaze. '!But what is your Christian name " I asked again, holding her little trembling hands closely in mine. She hesitated, then murmured " Kate." "Nurse Kitty, eh 7" I said audaciously. " Well, dear, brave little Nurse Kitty, good night, and I will be here on Sunday evening at ha'f-past six sharp." "Yes," she whispered. "Good-night," and, pulling her hands away, she sped like a bird down the terrace and round a corner out of my sight. I stopped to light a cigar, then strolled bacd to the front of the house, meditating upon what the little grey nurse disclosed to me. "By Jove," I muttered, "Ormond is more of a villain and less of a fool than I took him to.be. Where has he got the idea Of in jecting poison -from ? and, again, where has he obtained the poison from P He must have a clever accomplice somewhere. '' Well, it is an original and scientific way of getting rid of one's wife; but what a brute he must be." I paused and mused awhile upon the stories I had heard regard ing himself and a woman notorious for her beauty and her conquests, and then my t houghts wandered back to the little grey nurse. "Plucky little woman," I murmured; "by Jove," passionately, r' she is a woman worth winning, and if ever I marry it shall be Nurse Kitty." The men had not left the dining.room when I got back; I heard their voices and laughter as I passed the door, but I did not go in. I went straight to the drawing-room, where I was welcomed eagerly, and when the rest of the men entered I was busily engaged in making myself agreeable to the ladies CHAPTER V. DTIBENHANTED. I lowered the lamps carefully in the sick room, then in the dim light turned and gravely surveyed the little nurse. "I am afraid your suspicions are only too correct, nurse ; the poor lady has been poisoned. It is impossible for me tp say on such a slight examination what poiuon hae blee pled; I do not recogIale it, but what-* ever it is, it has done its work. Nurse, I am afraid I am too late to save Mrs Ormond'E ife. I think it is right to tell you that she might die at any moment." Tears shone in the little woman's pitying 7 'yes. " Then it is of no use endeavoring to get her away 7" "None whatever, nothing can save her now; I might have saved her had I seen her a few weeks earlier; as it is---well, do not leave her for a moment unless you feel pretty well sure that Ormond and his accom plice are out of the house. By the way, do vou know who the man is who has lent his diabolical aid to accomplish this cruel thing ?" " Do I know him I" she cried, her fair face flushing indignantly and her da'k eyes flash ing. "the fiend I the smooth-tongued serpent I If he is in the house now you must knowhim too. Expose him, ruin him, if you are a man and a Christian; bring his grey hairs down to the grave with the most bitter shame and dishonor I" " His name I" I whispered hoarsely, my face paling as a horrible suspicion flashed through my mind. She gazed into my face with bitter curl ing lips and passinnate eyes. " Professor Wagstaffe," she said quietly. I drew my breath in quickly. I knew by instinct that she was speaking the truth. I did not pause to doubt or question. "Great God the villain," I muttered, clenching my hand. "I will avenge this poor dying woman as sure as there is a God in heaven." 'It was in the interests of science, you forget," she said mockingly, and then with a little choking sob she was moving away to wards the bed, when I stopped her gently. "One moment," I said. " I will run up to London early to-morrow, and will call at Scotland Yard. We will avenge this poor girl even if we cannot save her life." I looked eagerly for the thanks I ex pected in the young nurse's eyes, and I found them. " Thank you, thank you," she murmured. "I would like to see you to-morrow even ing," I said. " Can you leave a note on my dressing-table to say when and where I can meet you 1" She nodded and then hurried away, and I went slowly back to my room to don my dinner clothes. I found it hard work to hide my feelings, and to be as friendly as usual with my host and the Professor. I flatter myself, however, that I acted my part to perfection without creating the least suspicion in the minds of either of the men. I discussed a knotty question with the latter with unusual brilliancy and enthusiasm, though I longed passionately to stand up and proclaim him before the whole table to be a fraud and a scoundrel. I joked and laughed with Ormond, and as we rose from our wine to join the ladies, I declared my intention of running up to Londoa, in the morning. " Very well, my boy-come and go just as you please." answered Ormond, gaily. '" Bat try and return in time for dinner. Beatrice has invited some of the county magnates." I promised to do so if possible, and smiled grimly to myself as I thought that perhaps 1 should not return alone. I was up early and away by the first train to London, and I returned just as the wintry twilight was drawing in, but not alone. I was accompanied by two officers from Scotland Yard. I did not bring them to the Hall, but left them at the west lodge. "I will send for you when I want you," I said. CHAPTER VI. IN THE INTaSREST OF SCIENCE. I reached my room safely without meet ing anyone except one of the demure middle-aged women servants, who gli,?d about the house, and got in our way occa sionally, and hurried with break-neck speed into my dress-clothes. I spent very little time before my looking-glass that evening, and even debarred myself the pleasure of wrangling over my white tie I was anxious to reach the drawing-room as early as I could. As I opened my door and stepped forth hurriedly, I stumbled over a little grey clad figure waiting patiently outside. " I beg your pardon-why, nurse 1' She took hold of my arm, and drew me forcibly away down the corridor. " Quick !" she cried. " Mrs Ormond is dead or dying. Come to her." WVe traversed the deserted corridors and dark passages until we reached the west wing, and then I stood by the bedside and looked down pityingly, regretfully into the peaceful dead face of Gregory Ormond's murdered wife. "The villains! The villains!" I muttered passionately, and the little nurse gazed into my face with mute questioning eyes. " Yes, she is dead,' I replied and for the first time to my knowledge the brave little woman broke down completely, and, flinging herself beside the bed, wept bitterly. I gazed moodily at them both, the dead woman with her wasted face beautiful by death, and her living, breath ing sister mourning for her loss. Presently Nurse Kate arose and !dried her eyes reso lately. Now I am ready," she said; "what am I to do P" "Are your nerves steady ?" I asked. "Perfectly-see," holding out two steady little hands, which I promptly seized in mine, and held fast and close. " Well, I want you to rua down to the west lodge, and tell two men you will find waiting there to come up to the Hall at once. It will not take yenou ten minutes, and when you return get one of the women servants to help you with your poor pttient. Can you do this F" "Yes," she replied, "but, doctor, what are you going to do with her-murderers '?" " Deliver them over to justice," I said, sternly. "Now, dear, wrap up and run away as quickly as you can." I still held her hands, re'uctant to let them out of my grasp, then I bent and kissed the soft white fingers tenderly. " Dear, brave little Nurse Kitty ?" I cried. When I entered the drawving room some fifteen minutes later I found Ormond and the Professor the centre of a group of bril liant men and women. I walked straight up to them, and stood facing the two murderers. Ormond glanced carelessly at me and the t'rofessor smiled kindly. " What is the matter, Jack, you look white and harassed. Have you seen a ghost I" ' No," I answered coldly and distinctly, "bat I have just clooked upon the dead face of a murdered woman. Gregory Ormond, your wife is dead, and I accuse you and your clever scientific accomplice, Professor Wag. staffs, of her death." I glanced toward the open door as I sooke loudly and Jistinctly, and the two officers from Scotland Yard came in and advanced towards us. Some of the ladies sercamed, some fainted. Bsatrice Stanley stood perfectly still, livid to the lips, with a great horror in her hand. some eyes, and the men looked white and frightened. "We arrest you in the Queen's name for the murder of Charlotte Ormond." Gregory stood mute and still beneath the iron grasp of one of the officers, a terrible calmness upon his ghastly face; but the Professor lightly shook off his man's hand and walked toward me, smiling blandly as usual. "My dear Doctor," he said, "this is un. kind of you. It was all in the interest of science. I murdered the unhappy young woman if you like, I do not deny it, I do not regret it, I would Io it again and again to gain the knowledge I have gained. It is a beautiful thing, a noble poison; shall I ex plain it to you? Ahl I you shrink, an'd you're a doctor, too. Fie I Why, doctor, if I liked I could kill you there as you stand. I could hypnotise you to death ; there is no imit to science and medicine. Shall I hyp. notise you ?" I waved him off frantically as he advanced nearrer, and I heard Stanley's voice at the back of me saying: "Just as I thought, mad as a March hare ;" and I knew that the little man was right. I knew that this golsvoi .in had beea vorn. mitted by a madman, in the interest of science. I turned away wi`.h a g-ranl;'sck at heart, and cursing myself for my blindness. " Take care of him," I whispered to the officer, "he is mad, poor old man." At that moment Beatrice Stanley's horror and astonishment found voies ; walking un. steadily to her brother, she said huskily : "Is this true? Have you murdered Charlotte?" He returned her gaze with wild haggard eyes, and whispered : " It was for her sake, Beatie." As he spoke he withdrew his fingers from his breast, where they had been lightly rest ing during the whole of the painful scene, and the nest instant a sharp report rang through the room. A woman's shriek followed, and Gregory Ormond fell backwards into his sister's arms, shot throueh the heart. It was on Christmas Day, our last day at Ormond Hall. We had followed poor Char lotte Ormond to her grave, and now stood side by side mentally bidding gaod-bye to the silent, deserted Hall. I had promised to escort the little grey nurse back to the arms )f her grey sisters and the shelter of a well-kno n institution in London, and in the morning we were going to turn our backs on the old place for ever. The guests had all taken their departure, Beatrice Stanley remained shut up in her room, the Professor had been removed to a private asylum, and Gregory Ormond lay cold and still in the darkened room aa aiting his burial. I glanced at the girl at my side as we stood by the drawing-room window overlook ing the snowy grounds. She was pale and heavy-eyed, and weary little lines of pain showed round the corners of her sweet mouth. " You look tired," I said tenderly ; "you will be glad of a rest." "Yes," she answered dreamily, "I shall be glad of a rest." " Never mind, this is your last case, little one," I said cheerfully, "no more haunted houses or poisoning cases for you." " I hope not," she replied gravely, regard ing me with soft troubled eves ;" but I shall be ready for any case our matron cares to send me to." ' Oh no, you will not, my pretty little grey nurse," I answered coolly. I shall have a voice in that. Don't you know that you are to belong to me from henceforth " . I put my arms round her and drew her to me. "You are to tell your matron to-morrow that I wish you to resign. I am to be' your patient for the future, will you take, care of me, Kitty?" . And for answer she softly kissed me. . . 