UNDER THE GREAT SEAL. BY JOSEPH IIATTON. PART Ilf. CHAPTER. I.— "Tm: Mad Englishman of Vknyci:." It was an instinctive act ol hospitality that led tho Turk lo take tlic wanderer in. A humble boatman had rowed him from t ho quay in his mndolo, and here lie had left jmn with tho J uric, who, opposite m creed, in thought, iu every way, still found reason for comradeship with his grim peti tioner. They were both alone, one with his memories, tho other a stranger in a strange land. The custodian, however, had acquain tances. Ho had lived long enough in Venice to adopt sonic of her habits, and to be on speaking terms with certain frequenters of a cafe iu a shady corner of the slops that lead upwards over the Rialto bridge. > Hero lie would once or twice a week takophis cup of cofl'cc and smoke his chibouk, and listen to tlic conversation of other guests while they sipped their diluted anisette or drank their black coficc, denouncing with bated breath ; or blatant defiance as the caso might be, j their Austrian masters. The blonde mistress j of the landlord, with her lightly shod feet, showing shapely ankles in white stockings, would p:tv special attention to the silent Turk, aticl the Venetians would often talk at him of the time when Venice was great and free, and the Fonda dei Grcchi one of . the glories of the Grand Canal. Otherwise j the custodian had neither kith nor kin nor i friends in Venice. He had permitted, how- | ever, tiie friendly encroachments of a certain j humble gondolier and his wife to lind a lodging in a wing of the palace overlooking a back canal, in return for which they 'gave .him such domestic scrvico as ho required, did his marketing, cooked his food, and in winter made desperate if unavailing efforts to keep his saloon warm. Atilio was the gondolier and Teresa was his wife, and they could both speak a littlo English, picked up in the scrvico of a great merchant, wiio had traded round tho world and had once taken them to the great port of London. But Atilio had never heard such strange English !!« t.hn frim sf,rn,in»ni' si»nki> and Teresa had never scon so evidently mad a lodger as ho whom his oxeellency, the Signori, had thought well to shelter and protect. In such a multifarious community as that of Venice in those clays, with its strange sails from Eastern norts and West, with its curious tishorfolk iron the islands of the lagoons, its mysterious Jews of tho ghetto in their picturesque gaberdines, its Austrian olii- ciais and sentinels, and its grave old citizens, it might have been thought that Alan Keith would have escaped notice, but ho seemed to impress mysteriously tho most ordinary per son. His gaunt figure towering above the crowd, the long, patched and foreign coat he wore reaching from his neck to his buckled shoes, and decorated in some queer barbaric fashion ; his long spider legs in faded velvet trunks and silken hose ; his bony hands and pallid bony face ; his sunken eyes that shone like meteors from beneath his shaggy eye brows ; his long, thin grey hair, and his rest less manner; they knew not what to make of him, the simple gondolier and his wife, and the keeper of the cafe whither the silent Turk had taken him woro as much at a loss, and in a very short time he came lo bespoken of as 44 the mad Englishman." Once, un wittingly, he had offended a number of men and boys on the quay by some remark which he thought waa a complimentary expression in choice Italian, and which was nothing like it. They made for him, to testify their anger in blows, but the gaunt stranger scattered them like leaves before a mighty wind. Alis- chief would have been done had not an English captain whoso ship was lying in port awaiting her sailing papers, interposed und explained what Alan Keith had intended to say, where upon the crowd burst forth into laughter, and insisted on shaking hands with the poor mad fellow ; for now they know lie must bo mad to call them vidians and beasts of burden wlicu he had meant to do them honor. And so Alan wandered about tho city, which was to him a dream within a dream, and he a ghost from somo oilier world. He was happy, quite happy, for a long, long time, free to come ami go, with shelter for his head and food for his stomach. No gaoler held him by the heels. Once in a way the Austrian challenge of Halt! ITcr da!" broke iu upon his dreams, but the sentinel would smile good naturedly as tho mad Englishmen retired with a bow of sub mission and a ''pardon mcssieur," spoken with a broad Scotch accent. Alan, indeed, began to think he had been translated to Paradise, and for a time what ho considered to be the ambition of his latter days faded out in tho frco air of Italy : for it was frco to him, tiie very essence of the supremost liberty, whatever it might be to the Italians, whoso aspirations he did not understand. Jfc found that the few gold and silver pieces which his .Spanish deliverer bad deposited with the suit of clothes with which lie had boon endowed, and the bundle of curious linen that had been placed for him on board the ship, went a long way in the estimation of the unspeak able Turk, and that an odd coin now and then made Atilio and Terosa both willing servants, however mad he might seem to them — a madness that was not vicious, be it said, but a madness that was unmistakable — especially' when, as bad happened more than once, Alan had tossed one of his strange coins upon tho cafe counter lo treat some last/none to a cup of wine, or had himself indulged iuan extra glass of brandy with his coll'oo ; for then his eyes would fairly blaze, and he would talk of lights on sea and land, of stormy waters and the haunted lands of with a kind of reserve that emphasised his madness. There was neither latitude nor longitude in his inconsequential yarns ; but once in a cafd, down by tho quay, he bad been led into making overtures to an English captain con cerning a buried treasure. He had discovered a sudden energy during a talk between the captain and his mate. They had heard of a sunken Spanish galleon that of late hail shifted, and now showed Iter masts, und into whose hold a Frenchman had dived ami found it full of gold. Thereupon Alan's drcum of peace, ami happy days of freedom iu an earthly paradise, had gone back to reality, and ho felt how poor he was, yet how rich ; that ho might still have a son alive to whom he owed a fatherly duty, and to whom for tlio sweet sake of an augel-mother in Heaven he felt a yearning affection. " I ken of a treasure," he said, looking up from the seat whore ho had been huddled, smoking a wooden pipe with a long recti stem, 44 and, elt nion, if I'd a ship, and ane or Uva good bans, I'd tnek tho lortune of him who'd provide it ; a nod's just as gude as a wenk to a blind horse." The sailors looked with undisguised sur prise at the foreign- looking, withered old man, who, without invitation, joined in their conversation, and mudou wild declaration of secret wealth, not in French or German, nor in Italian, or Moorish, or Hebrew, but in Scotch English, and at Venice. 44 Whore d'ye hail from, master ?" asked the captain. 44 Ah, ah," laughed Alan, 44 that's a vera easy question." 44 1 should say so," remarked the mato, pouring out a fresh glass of Chianti for his chief. " Ef I could jest mek a contract wi' ye givin' me command o' your shop," said Alan, 44 within 60 days y'ed hue no further cuuao to sail the seas." 44 Very likely not," said tho captain, good naturedly, "and no »inp to sail iu maybe ; join us, triend, in a Mass of wine for the sake of Bonnie Scotland ; that's whero ye hail from, I'm thinking." " Maybe," said Alan, 44 wo knaw where wo hail frac, but whero are we gaciu' ? Tina's the nuzzlo, eh ?" Alan felt he was being questioned, and ho was still wary about committing himself, for he hud yet to learn on what legal grounds ho stood. lie had reason to expect Jollier Lavcllo in Venice. Idly as he had spent his time, dreaming in tho sun, revelling in his freedom, ho had nevertheless busied himself in inquiries about Father Lavcllo ; ami the gondolier had at last tnudo out what ho wanted. In tho first placo Alan's method of pronouncing the Italian name had been a barrier to inquiry, and in tho next place, Father Lavello had left Venice for Verona ; uud Atillio had succeeded in having con voyed there a letter from Alan, to which an answer had been received by word of month, implying that Alan would very soon see the priest whom ho sought. This progress had only been achieved within a few days of the incident on the quay ; and Alan felt that lie might be very near the discovery of things of the last importance to him, ami ho be camo all thu more circumspect. At tlic same time, he had of lato brooded over a possible means of visiting Newfoundland, more particularly tho scene of his buried for tunes, and the deep interest which the two English oflicers were expressing in the stmkcii treasure of a .Spanish ship unloosed his tongue ; but to no further purpose than to convince tho strangers that ho was a softy, a dreamer of dreams, a harmless lunatic. Nevertheless, Alan surprised llicm with his knowledge of navigation; and in a little while they were botli talking to him with a rational consideration of certain propositions that he discovered to them. He sat at their table with a certain distinction of manner that gradually made them even deferential. He allowed them to understand that he knew they thought him half-witted ; but he made them feel that there was method in his madness. lie spoke of long years of imprisonment, of shipwreck, ami slavery, of a thousand reasons why he might well lie mad ; and he also spoke of human beings who had prayed to die and could not, men who ciuno out of every danger unscathed, who bore torture, misery, tho suffocating embraco of the sea, t lie anger of breakers on rocky coasts, and who lived on and on ! He held them with his natural eloquence ; und ho drank their wine with every now and then a repetition of their own pledgo of Bonulo Scotland. Time wont on. The moon came out upon the lagoons, and lie started homewards full of strange fancies, burning to take thoso sailor men into his confidence, half forget ting David, his son, only remembering tho treasure ; and as iio went swinging along, strengthened pity? ieully and mentally by tho generous Italian wine, he lapsed back into reverie and wonder, into the oft-recurring sensation of being in another world, in some half-way house to Heaven, some earthly Paradise anchored in a summer sea lie sat down by the steps of St. Mark's, and watched tlio evening l.rallicou tho Grand i Canni ; stretched himself down almost by tho water, where other men wore reclining. None moved to give him place, cither iu fear or friendship. They know ho was mad, but lie had harmed no one, and Atilio spoko well of him. They know that tho mad Englishman had paid their city tho compli ment of calling it I'aradise. He lay un molested, will his hands underneath his j chin, watching tho truulolas with glowworm lights at their bowy.'Onc or two coasters were making for their anchorage by the Custom house ; ho traced the lines of the great church of .San Giorgio Maggioro against the moonlit sky; and lie was very happy in a negative kind of way, warm, contented, the wine coursing pleasantly through his veins, lie might have lain there all tlic livelong night until the sun took up the story of the moon, and adorned Venice with all the beauties of the morn, had not Atilio laid his heavy hand upon him and demanded his at tention. 44 Donne A" said Atilio. Alan dreamed on. "Awake, signori!" said Atilio, 44 venttc con me. !" 44 Wherefore ?" asked tho mad English man, taking up a sitting position, and looking at Atilio reproachfully, as being awakened from a pleasant sleep. Atilio was excited. His little English failed him when iio was deeply moved. Ho could only repeat his ono word, 44 awake," and point with a stumpy linger iu the direc tion of tho rninoil nalaeo whero thev boil had the privilege to lodge. 44 Homo ?" asked Alan. "57, si, ce.riamcn'a" said tho gondolier, andkimo a cam, come, awake, signori." Alan gathered himself up and stood by Atilio, so gaunt and yet so picturesque that one or two of tlio loungers looked at him with an admiration inspired by their inborn feeling for artistic effect. One of them smilingly asked why the madman did not continue to rise until he lopped tho cam panile and could shako paws with the lion of tit. Mark. Atilio laughed, and lifted up his arms, and pointing to tho moon asked why not further ; yonder, whero tho silent man would know him; the man in the moon, with whom tho Signori held long conversations on nights like these. 41 Boor devil," said a brother gondolier, 44 and yet he is happy." 44 Most happy; dreams he owns caskets of treasure, has ships at soa laden with gold and precious stones. 4 Wait,' ho says, 4 and I will brin" my donations of diamonds, rubies, ami gold, for the domes of tit. Marco,'" said Atilio, chattering away iu Italian, complimented by the attention of his audience. " Well, that is good, he lias a grateful heart," tho other replied, "and lie adores our beautiful Venice — it is sullicient." Alan, though now upon his feet, still gaz.cd out across the canal, and now and then looked up at the moon, as she wont, sailing along another vast waterway, it seemed to him, in tho heavens ; but presently, as if ho came out of his dream again, lie asked, " Wherefore, Atilio, wherefore V" Atilio replied again, volubly, but will such a strange mixture of English and Italian t hat Alan could only ask again whv ho sought him, and catching something of Atilio'?; enthusiasm, put his question into his own vernacular, and elaborated it without the slightest thought of Atilio — 44 What in tlio dcuvil's name d'ye want disturhiu a man when lie's just taking his ease, and requires neither yor service nor yet yor conqianie?" Ami as if lie understood every word, tho gondolier replied, measuring his words care fully out, 44 // jmcte, r.e a'.rato, Lavello." 44 Lavello !" said Alan, almost in a whisper. " Lavello V" 44 Lavello," repeated Atilio, 44 come, Sig nori." Atilio led the way across the piazza. Alan followed. They knew the footpaths of Venice aa well as they knew her water ways. 44 The campanile and the pin," said one of the loungers, who had hitherto been a silent looker on, as lie turned to watch Atilio and the madman disappear in the shadows of St. Mark's, the campanile striding out with long legs, the pin almost running to keep up with it. A burst of laughter greeted tlic humorous comparison, to be succeeded by the silence of men who sleep and the ripple of waters, that emphasise silence. CHARTER 1L— A T);:J:AMI;H ok OKKAMS. To listen to Father Lavcllo, the robust cure of Verona, formerly the young enterprising priest of Heart's Delight, was for mauy days the height of happiness to the wiry, Quixote- looking Alan Keith. 3l.e lived again. The past came back to him without its passion or its pain. It was like a story told. Ho saw himself outside himself. He was a looker-on, deeply in terested, but only a looker-on. He loved that other Alan Keith for loving Hannah, Lo whom his soul went back in worship and iuecnue. Black, stormy clouds swept over his soul at thought of J'entz and Ristaek, but they passed as quickly us they cunie ; the sunshine predominated. Father Lavollo was eloquent in dwelling upon the mercy of God und the sympathy of the Holy Mother of God for Alan and tho dear one who had gone before. He kept Alan's thoughts among the gentle places of. the past-, and the boundless love of Alan for his wife lilled so much of his vision in look ing back that it sweetened the bitterness of j his soul. His recollection of the early days I of Heart's Delight were now abovo uli memories the most vivid and real. Alan told the priest of the visits of lfannah to his dungeon, and the cure turned the tender fancies to good religious account. Tito mad Englishman soon became known as a devout Qatholic. Tiie faithful deemed this to lie ample, evidence of his perfect sanity. J'lven in those days Venice had her scollers, and the lean and withered J'higlish- man mortifying himself was, to Iheiu, some- what humorous iu a grim kind of way ; for most of the Church devotees were smug and fat, and of contented dispositions : whereas the mad Englishman was met at all hours in tho city wandering from church to church, from narrow footway to narrow square ; while lishennea encountered him at equally varied hours, plying the saudalo, that some good-natured eitizcu had lent liitn, now with oar or paddle, now skimming along under sail a veriiable ancient mariner, with sparkling eyes and thin grey locks that fluttered in the wind, Jfather Lavello had boon enabled to almost complete Allan's story of tlio secret harbor of Labrador, the wreck of the tit. Dennis, tJlOJII'UO.; n f 1) f l i orm i f f «i 1 i.iw) /Inn f 1. uud the destiny of his ami David und tho woman Hannah iu whose charge the boy had been left. The cure's advice kept Alan Htill in Venice. He hud agents who could follow up the <?bie to David's whereabouts, whero they had left it some dozen or 15 years pre viously. Ho had long been convinced of Alan's death ; other ties and responsibilities luul diverted his ultontion from the story of David his son. Heart's Delight, and all that belonged to it , had more or less faded away except as incidental to his career. A euro iu Verona, such ambition as lie lmd encouraged at Heart's Delight, with dreamy vistas of new conquests for tho Church, had died out. Tho priest's mind had gradually taken up tlic color and temper of his environment. Ho lived a quiet reflective life, enjoyed Iii« garden, drank his white wine and red, eon- iessod his dock, married them und buried them, visited his clerical neighbors, went on voluntary pilgrimages to monastic establish ments, where he was heartily welcome with his genial lace and his happy views of life; uud altogether had become a calm, con tented, well-to-do cure with his little house, his careful old housekeeper, who was an ex cellent cook, his library, and his uniformly good health. For a time lie had been, however, greatly moved at iho meeting with Ainu Keith, Jjike his old parBhiouer of Heart's Delight during their conversations, lie felt some of the ohQ passion of the colonial days, the inspiration of adventure horn of the ALluntiu Sea. Once more he felt his pulse hurry on with icmhiisccnccs of tho stirring episodes oi tho Fisheries in summer, and \\\;intor stories by the Great House lire when tho winds were raging without, making snow drifts mountains high in the valleys, and wrapping the shore as far us eve could ace in a vast winding sheet. J' urthorinoro, his sense of (lie romantic had been piqued by /Man's honest story of the adventurers of Demon's Crook, though lie luul crossed himself many times during Alan s narratives ol the capture of the Anne oi Dartmouth and the vengeance that had been wreaked upon tiie three fishing ad mirals. (To bu continued ) 