EVIL SPIRITS; OR, Tho Hanntcd Hon sc. By " T.V ." On our coast, somewhero between Georgo's Fiver nnd Bradley's Bead, stood, some timo ago, a weatherboard cottage, which had for years remained untenanted because of its uncanny reputation. ' Tho exact locality need not bo specified. Ex cepting "Billy tho Office Boy's" asper sions on the fair faino of the Offis Kat, and the virility of Lassettcr's Tom, this paper does uot deal in libels. Several tenants had been induced, by the low rent, to tnko this cottage, but all soot, left. There were strange noises abonn and more than once npparitions had been seen; At least,- Old Jenkins, of The Wool- pack, a few yards away, said so. Jenkins, in addition to tho pub, did a big milk trado. His holding was not a large one, but his cows must have been excellent milkers, real Ayrshires, for every morning and evening the cart and tho milk-cans regularly departed for Sydney. Smith, landlord of the weatherboard cottage, tired of having it tenantless, offered it at a nominal rental to Jack Jones, a daredevil quarryman, who pro nounced himself ghost-proof. The new tenant soon took possession. Not being of a social tarn of mind, nor ambitious of having his domestic affairs advertised in tho silly "social" columns of the Sydney Press, Mr.' Jones did not have a ".house-warming," or a "reception," or an " at home," or instigate his friends to get np a surprise party. He simply deposited his swag, unrolled his blankets, and gathering some gum-leaves', made a temporary couch. Thon he went up to the Woolpack, and drank more than was good for him. About 4 p.m. there was intense commo tion in the small village. Jack- Jones, tho new tenant of the " Haunted House," was bellowing like a ball of Bnshan. He, too, hod been visited by the ghoBt. ' Tho solitary policeman of tho district appeared on tho scene, so did the only doctor. Jones' story was this. He did not romember how ho left the Woolpack, bub Jenkins, the landlord, said lie was very drunk. A little after 3 a.m. he awoke and distinctly heard noises beneath, as if cans, &e.;, were being moved about, then tho sound of voices, and afterwards saw two men standing at the bock. Not believing the ghost story, lie tackled thorn and asked their business. Not receiving a reply, ho seized one and was promptly knocked down by tho other. He soon recovered himself, and flung a stone. It was moonlight, and he felt certain that one of them was struck. He had even heard a groan. The policeman, a superstitious Irishman, said it. was the ghost again. The doctor, a matter- of-fact agnostic, said it was the bad grog at tho Woolpack. The stuff sold there was vile, and tho number of D.T, cases for such a small place was abnormal. " But," said ho, " let us go to where tho man was struck." It was now daybreak. They' went, and found blood. " Ghosts don't bleed," said the doctor, as they returned to the house. " Humph ! what a curious smell. Remember it well, bnt what is it ? Now I remember — used to moot it every morning.as I passed tho Caledonian distillery to attend lectures in. dear old Edinboro'. It3 feints — impuro Bpirits." " Be jabers, I never know there was a cellar to the Haunted House," said the policoman, " but hero's one — open." They weut down, and found a private still in full working order. Tho liquor was confiscated, but no one was fined. Jenkins, the publican, said he was glad that he never could be induced to become tenant of tho I10U60. By the way. his wife's brother was that \- morning admitted to St. Yincont's Hos pital Buffering from a fracture of the skull. Thrown by a colt was his explanation. Jenkins has loft the Woolpack and retired from business. His villa stands on the old Bite of tho Haunted Houso. His suc cessor keeps .as many cows, but somehow does not send nearly so- much milk to Sydney. 