Chapter m.—(Continued.) N Thursday afternoons, when Mrs. Vansittart Crowther was " at home," the choicest Indian tea and the thickest cream, coffee as in Paris, and the daintiest cakes and muffins which a professed took could provide famished the zest to con Ters&tion; for it could scarcely he said that the conversation gave a zest to those treature comforts. It would be perhaps nearor the mark to saj that Mrs. Crowthcr was sup posed to sit in the drawing- room on these occa sions while the two Miss Crowthcra were at home. The mistress of Glenaveril was not an aspiring woman; and in her heart of hearts she preferred Gloucestershire to Cornwall, and the stuccoed villa on the Cheltenham road, with its acre and a-holf of garden open to tho blazing sun and powdered with the summer dust, to Glenaveril, with its solemn belt of woodlands * and its too spacious grandeur. She was not vulgar or illiterate. She never misplaced an aspirate. She Had learnt to play the piano and ' to talk French at tho politest of young ladies' schools at Cheltenham. Sho never dressed out rageously or behaved rudely. Sho had neither red hands nor splay feet. She was in all things blameless; and yet Belinda and Alice, her daughters, were ashamed of her, and did their utmost to keep her, and her tastes, and her opinions in the' background. She had no style. She waa not smart." She seemed incapable of grasping tho ideas, or understanding the ways of smart people; or, at least, her daughters thought so. "Tour mother is one of tho best women I know," said thp curate to Alicia, being on the most confidential terms with both sisters, "and ?et you and Miss Crowther arc always trying' o edit her." "Father wants a great deal more editing than mother," said Belinda, "but there's no use in talking to him. He is encased in a com plete armour of self- esteem. It made my blood run cold to seo liiin taking Lord Loet withiel over tho grounds and stables the other \- day—praising everything, mid pointing out this and that—and even saying how much things had cost?" "X daresay it was vulgar," agreed the human nature. I to curate, "hut it's human nature. I to seen a duke behave in pretty much tho same way. Children are always proud of their now toys, and men are but children of a larger growth, don't you know; and you'll find there's a family rescmblonco in humanity, which is strongerthan training." "Lord Lostwithiel would never behave in that kind of yvay—boring people about his stables." "Lord Lostwitbiel doesn't care about stables, he would bore you about bis yacht, I daresay." 11 No, he never talks of himself or his own affairs. That is just the charm of his manner. He makes us all believo that he is thinking about us; and-yet I daresav he forgets us directly ho is outside the gato. " I'm Bure he does," replied Mr. Colfox, the aura to. " There isn't a more selfish man living }han Lostwithiel." .The fair Belinda looked at him angrily. There are assertions which young ladies make in purpose to have them controverted. > Mrs. Disney hated the great red brick porch, With its Tolfcea roof and > monstrous iron lantern, and the- bell which made such a clamour,* as if it meant -fire, or. at leaat diuucr, < when she touched the hanging* braes handle. She hated to find herself face to laco with a toll footman, who hardly condescended to say whether his mistress were at home or not, but just preceded her languidly along tho broad corridor, where , ™e carpet was so thick that it felt like turf, and flung open the drawing-room door with an air, and pronounced her narao into empty 6pacc. so remote were the half-dozen ladies at the other end of the room, clustered round Belinda's tea table, and fed with cake by Alicia, while Mrs. Crowther sat in the window a little way off, with her basket of woolwork at her aide, and her fat somnolent pug lying at her feet. To Isola it was an ordeal to have to walk the length of the drawing-room, navigating her course amidst an archipelago of costly things—Bloren tine tables, portfolios of engravings, Louis Sjjjze jardinieres, easels, and ottomans, to the window where Sirs. Crowther waited to receive her, rising with her lap full of wools to shake hands with simple friendliness and without a ves tige of style, Belinda shook hands on a level wim the tip of her sharp retrousse nose, and silken train of her tea gown with the serpentine grace of Sarah Bernhardt. She prided herself on those serpentines movements and languid graces which belong to the Greco Belgravian period; while Alicia held herself like & ramrod, and took her Btand upon being nothing if not sporting. Her olive cloth gown and straight starched collar, her neat double aoled boots and cloth, gaifcere, were a standing reproach to Belinda's silken slovenliness and embroidered slippers, always dropping off her restless feet, and being chased surrepti tiously among silken flounces and lacc frills. Poor Mrs. Crowther disliked the guard's collar, which she felt was writhing premature wrinkles upon her younger girl's throat, but she positively loathed tho loose elegance of the Indian silk tea-gown, with its wide Oriental sleeves, exhibiting naked arms to the broad daylight. That sloppy raiment madoa discord in the subdued harmony ^ose tailor-made gowns—well worn some of them—olive, and gray, and indigo, and russet, and Mrs. Crowther waB tortured by the conviction that her elder daughter looked dis reputable. She was fond of Isola Disney. In her own simple phraseology, she had " taken to her," and pressed the girl-wife to come every Thursday afternoon. "It must be so lonely for you," she said, gently, "with your husband so far away, and you such a child, too. I wonder your mnmrr^q doesn't come and stay with you for a bit. You must alwayB come on our Thursdays. Now, mind you do, my dear." 111 don't think our Thursdays are remarkably enlivening, mother, " said Alicia, objecting to the faintest suggestion of fuBsiness, tno crying sin of both her parents. And then she turned to Isola, and measured her from head to foot*. " It's rather a pity you don't hunt," she saia. " "Wo had a splendid morning with the harriers." "Perhaps I may get a little huntingby-and by, when my husband comes home." "Ah, but one can't begin all at once, and this is a difficult country; breakneck hills and nastrTeuces. Have you hunted much ? " "Hardly at all. I was out in a boar-hunt once, near Angers, but only as a looker-on, It was a grand sight. The Duke of Beaufort came over to Brittany on purpose to join init." " How glorious a boar-hunt must bo J Imust get my father to take me to Angers next year. Do you know a great many people over there?" "No, only two or three professors at the college, and the Marquis do Querangal, the gentleman who has the boarhounds. His daughter used to visit at Dinan, and she and I were great friends." "Lord Lostwithiel talked about boar-bunting the, other night;" said Alicia. "It must bo capital fun." His name recurred in this way, whatever tho conversation might be, with more cer tainty than any given number on the wheel at roulette. He had been there in the evening, thought Isola. There had been a dinner party, per haps, at which he had been present. She nad not long to wonder. The name, once pro nounced, the stream of talk flowed on. Xcs, thero had been'a dinner, aud Lostwithiel had been delightful, so brilliant in conversation as compared with everybody else, so overflowing with wit and satire. " I didn't hear him say anything very much outof the common," said Mrs. Crowther in her raattey-of-fact way. She liked having a nobleman or any other local magnate at her table; but she had too much common sense to bo hypnotised by bis magnificence, and made to tasta milk and water as Maroneau wine. " Do you know Lord Lostwithiel ?" Belinda asked languidly, as Isola sipped her te3, sitting ahyly in tho broad glare of a colossal fireplace. " Oh, yes, by- tho-by, you met him here the week beforeiast." Mrs. Disney blushed to the roots of those soft tendril-like curls which clustered about herforehead; but she said sever a word* £h e had no occasion to tell them the history of that meetingHn the rain, or of those many subse quent meetings which had drifted her into almost the familiarity of old friendship. They might take credit to themselves for having mode her acquainted'with their star if they liked. She had seen plenty of people at Dinanin those sunny summer months when visitors came from Dinard to look at the old quiet. inland city. Lost* withiel's rank had no bewildering influence upon her mind. It was himself—something in his look and in his voice, in tho mere touch of his hand—an indescribable' something which 'of late had moved her in his presence, and made her faintly tremulous at the very sound of his name. He was announced while they were talking of him, and he seemed surprised to come suddenly nponthatslim, unobtrusive figure almostliidden by Belinda's flowing garment and fuller form. Belinda was decidedly handsome—handsomer than an heiress need be; but she was just a shade larger than an heiress need be at three and twenty. She was a Rubens's beauty, expan sive, florid, and fair, with reddish auburn hair piled on the top of her head. Sitting between tbis massive beauty and the still more massive chimney-piece,s Mrs. Disney was completely hidden from the new arrival. He discovered her suddenly while he was shaking hands with Belinda, and his quick glance of pleased surprise did not escape that young lady's steely blue eyes. Not a look or a breath ever does escape observation in a village drawing-room. Even the intellectual people, tho people who devour all Mudie's most solid books—travels, memoirs, metaphysics, agnostic novels—even these are as keenly interested in their neighbours' thoughts and feelings as tho unlettered rustic in the village street. Lostwithiel took the proffered cup of tea, and planted himself near Mrs. Disney, with his back against the marble caryatid which bore up one half of tho chimney piece. Alicia asked him about his yacht. How were the repairs going on? and so on, and so ou, delighted to air her technical knowledge. He answered her some what languidly, ao if the Vendetta were hardly paramount in his thoughts at this particular moment. 41 What about this hall?" he asked, presently. " You are all going to be there, of course ?" "Do you mean the hunt hall at Loct withiel r" " Unquestionably ! What other ball could I mean? It is the great festivity about these parts—the one tremendous event of the winter season. It was a grand idea of you new people to revive the old festivity, which had become a tradition. I wore my first dress-coat at the Lostwithiel hunt ball nearly 20 years ago. I think it was thero I first fell in love with a young lady in pink tullo, who was miserable because she bad been mistaken enough to wear pink at a hunt ball. I condoled with her, assured her that in my eyes she was lovely, although her gown clashed—that was her word, I remember—with the pink coats. My coat was not pink, and I believe she favoured me a little on that account. She gave me a good many waltzes in the course of the evening, and I can answer for her never wearing that pink frock again, for, I trampled it to shreds. There were traces of her to be found all over the rooms, as if I had been Greenacre and she my victim's body." "It will be rather a hiim-drum ball, I'm afraid," said Belinda. "All the best people seem to be away." "Never mind that if the worst people can dance. I am on the committee, so I will answer for the supper and the champagne. You like a dry brand, of course, Miss Crowther." " I never touch wine of any kind." " No! Then my ohief virtue will be thrown away upon you. Arc all young ladies blue ribbonites, nowadays, I wonderP Mrs. Disney, pray tell me, you are interested in the cham pagne question." " I am not going to the ball." "Not going 1 Oh, but it is a duty which you owe to the county. Do you think because you are an alien and a foreigner you can fiout our local gaieties—fleer at our solemnities. No, it is incumbent upon you to give us your sup port." "Yes, my dear, you must go to the ball," put in Mrs. Crowther, in her motherly tone. " You are much too young and pretty to stay at home, like Cinderella, while we are all en joying ourselves. Of course you must go. Mr. Ckowther has put down liis name for 25 tickets, and I'm sere there'll be one to spare for you, although we shall have a large house party." " Indeed, you arc too kind, but I couldn't think—" faltered Isola, with a distressed look. She knew that Lostwithiel was watching her from his vantage ground ever so far above her head. A man of 0 feet 2 inches has considerable advantages at a billiard table, and in a quiet flirtation carried on in public. " If it is a chaperon you are thinking at>out I'll take care of you," urged good Mrs. Crowther. "No, it isn't on that account. Mrs. Bayn ham offered to take me in her party. But I really would much rather not bo there. It would seem horrid to me to be dancing in a great, dazzling room among happy people, while Martin is in Burmah, perhaps in poril of his life on that very night. One can never tell. I often shudder at the thought of what may be happening to him while I am sitting quietly by the fire. And what should I feel at a ball?" "I should hardly have expected you to have such romantic notions about Major Disney," said Belinda coolly, "considering the differ ence in your ages." "Do you suppose I care the less for him because ho is twenty years older thanl am." "Twenty! Is it really as much as that?" ejaculated Mrs. Crowther, unaffectedly shocked. " He is*just as dear to me," pursued Isola, warmly. "Ilook up to him, and lovo him with all my heart. There never was a better, truer man. From the time I began to read history I always admired great soldiers, and— I don't mean that Martin is a hero—only I know he is a thorough soldier—and he seemed to realise all my childish dreams*" She had spoken impetuously, fancying that there was some slight towards her absent hus band in Miss Crowther's speech. Her flash of anger made a break in the conversation, and nothing more was said about her going or not" going to the hunt ball. They talked of that entertainment in the abstract—discuss od the floor the lighting—the band—and tho great people who might be induced to appear, jf the proper pressure were put upon them. n v<_J^iere *8 P^en^J" time," said I/oatwUhiel. between now and December 20—nearly three weeks. Time for yon and your sister to get new frocks from London or Paris, UTim Crowther. You mean having new frocks, I suppose?" " One generally does have a new frock for a dance,** replied Belinda, " though the fashions this winter are so completely odious that X would much rather appear in a gown of my great-grandmother's." Lostwithiel smiled his slow secret smile high up in the fainter firelight. 'He was reflecting upon his notion of Miss Crowther's 'great grandmother, in linsey-wolsey, with a lavender print apron, a costume that would be hardly impressive at a hunt ball. He did not gire the young lady credit for a great- grandmother from a society point of view. There was the mother yonder—inoffensive respectability—tha grandmother wonld be humbler—and the great grandmother he imagined at the wash-tub, or cooking the noontide meal for an artisan hus band. He bad never yet realised the idea of numerous generations of middle class life upon the same plane, the same dead level of pro sperous commerce, Isola rose to take leave, after having let her tea get cold, and dropped half her cake on tha Persian rug. She felt shyer in that house than in any other. She had a feeling that there sho' was weighed in the balance and found wanting j that unfriendly eyes were scrutinising her gloves and hat, and appraising her features and complexion. She felt herself insignificant, colourless, insipid beside that brilliant Mi*? Crowther, with her vivid beauty, and her self assured airs and graces. Tabitha urged her to be of good heart when she hinted at these feel ings. "Why, Lord have mercy upon us, madam, however grand they may all look, it's nothing but wool—only wool—and I heard there used to be a good deal of cotton mixed with it aftefl this Mr. Crowther came into the business. The dusk was thickening as she went along | the short avenue which led to the gates. Mr, Crowther, having built his house in a wood, had been able to cut himaplf out a carriage drive, which gave him an avenne of more two centuries growth, and thus imparted an air of spurious antiquity to his demesne. H< felt as he looked at the massive boles of those old Spanish chestnuts as if he had belonged to the soil since the Commonwealth. Even the lodge was an important building, Tudor on one ride, and monastic on the other; with that agreeable hodge-podge of styles which the modern architect loveth. It was a better house than the curate lived in, as he often told Miss Crowther. Isola quickened her pace outride that solemn gateway, _ and seemed to breathe more freely. She hurried even faster at, the sound of a foot step behind her, though there was no need for nervou9 apprehensions at that early hour in the November evening on the high road between Fowey and Trelasco, J)id she know that firm, quick footfall; or was' it an instinc tive avoidance of an unknown danger which made her hurry on till her heart began to beat: stormily, and her breath came in short gasps ? «My dear Mrs. Disneyt do you usually walk as if for a wager ?" asked a voice behind her. "X can generally get over the ground pretty fast, but it was as much as I could do to over take you without running." 1 He was not breathless, however. tones , were firm and tranquil. It was she who could hardly speak. " I'm afraid I am very late," she answered nervously. *4 For what ? Por afternoon tea by your own fireside ? Have you anybody waiting for you at the Angler's Nest, that you should be in such a hurry to get home ?" " No, there is no one waiting, except Tabitha. I expect no one." *' Then why walk yourself into a fever ?" " Tabitha gets fidgetyif lam out after dusk." "Then let Tabitha fidget! It will be good for her liver. Those adipose people require small worries now and again to keep them in health. You mustn't overpace vourself to oblige Tabitha." She had slackened her pace, and he waa walking by her side, looking down at her from that superb altitude which gave V*n an advantage. How could she escape those search* ing glances? She knew that her way home was his way home, so far as the bend of the road which led. away from the river; and to avoid him for tha intervening distance would have been difficult* She must submit to bis company on the rood, or make a greater effort than it was in hei nature to make. "You mean to go to this ball, don't you he asked earnestly.'' 'I think not." "Oh, but pray do. "Why should you shn$ yourself from all the pleasures of thi* world, and live like a nun, always? You might surely make just one exception for such a grand event as theTIunt Ball. You have no idea how much we all think of it hereabouts. Re member, it will be the first public dance we have had at Lostwithiel for ever so many years. I ou will see family diamonds enough to "make you fancy you are at St. James's. Do you think Major Disney would dislike your having just one evening's dissipation ?" "Oh, no, he would not xnind. He is only too kind and indulgent. He would have liked me to spend the winter with my sister in Hans Place, where there would have been gaieties ol all kinds; but I don't want to go into society while Martin is away. It would not make mo happy;-". 4 'Rut if it made someone else happy—if it made other people happy to see you there ?" 44 Oh, but it would not matter to anybody. I am a stranger in the hind. People are onlj kind to me for my husband's sak©.'f_ "Your modesty becomes you as the dew becomes a rose. I won't gainsay you—only be sure you wQl be missed if you don't go to the bsH. And if you do go—well, it will be an opportunity of making nice friends. It will be your debut in county society." "Without my husband"? Please don't say any more about it, Lord Lostwithiel, I had much rather star at home." _ He changed the conversation instantly, ask ing her what she thought of Glenaveril. •* I think the situation most lovely." " Yes, there we are all agreed. Mr. Crowther had the good taste to find a charming site, and the bad taste to erect an architectural monstrosity, a chimera iu red brick. There was a grange once in the heart of that wood, and the Crowthers have the advantage of acorns and chestnuts that sowed themselves while the sleepy old monks were telling their beads. How do yon like Miss Crowther ?" i " I hardly know her well enough to like or dislike her." She is very handsome." " So was Rnbens's wife, Helena Forman, hut what would one do in a world peopled with Helena Formans ? There are galleries in Ant werp which no man should enter without smoke coloured spectacles, if he would avoid being blinded by a blare of red-haired beauty. I am told that the Miss Crowthcre will have at least a million of money between them in davs to coxae, and that they arc destined to make great matches. Perhaps we shall tee some of their toupirtmis at the ball. Since the decay of the landed interest the ehwe aux dolt has become fiercer than of old." This seemed to come strangely from him who already been of as a possible candi date for one of the Miss Ckowthers. It would be such' a particularly suitable match, Mrs. 3Baynham, the doctor's wife, had told Xsola. What could his lordship look for beyond a fine fortune and a handsome wife ? '■ "They would make such a splendid pair,*1 Skid Mrs. Baynham, talking of them us if they were carriage horses. Mrs, Disney and her companion crossed ~a narrow meadow, from the high read to the river path, which was the nearest way to the Angler1 a Nest. The river went rippling by wtkW tho gathering gray of the htovember evening. On their right hand there was the gloom of dark woods ; and from the meadow \- on their left rose a thick white mist-, like a sea that threatened to swallow them in its phan tasmal tide. The sound of distant oars, dipping with rhythmical measure, was the only sound except their own voices. Did that three-quarters of a mile seem longer or shorter than usual ? Isola hardly knew ; . but when she saw . the lights shining in Tabitha's kitchen, and the firc-glow in the drawing-room, she was glad with the gladness of one who escapes from some fancied danger of ghosts or goblins. : Lostwithiel detained her at the gate. • "Good night," he said, "good night. Yon will change your mind, won't you, Mrs. Dis ney ? It is not in one so gentle as you to be inflexible about such a trifle. Say that you will honour our ball." She drew herself up a little, as if in protest against his pertinacity. "IreaHy cannot understand why yon should care whether T go or stay aw3y," she said . coldly. " Oh, hut I do care. It is childish perhaps on my part, but I do care; I care tremendously; more tnan I have cared about anything for a long time. It is so small a thing on your part '—it means so much for me! Say you will he there." "Is that you, ma'am?" asked Tabitha's pleasant voice, while Tabitha's substantial soles, made themselves audible upon the gravel path. "I was beginning to get fidgety about yon." "Good night," said Isola shortly, aa she passed through the little gate. -It swung hohind her, and riie vanished among the laurels and arbutus. He heard her yoice and Tabitha's as they walked towards the house in friendly conversation, mistress and maid. There was a great over-blown Dijon rose nodding its heavy head over the fence. Hoses linger so late in that soft western air. Lost withiel plucked the flower, and pulled off its petals one by one as he walked towards the Tillage street. | " Will she go—will she stay—go—stay— w —stay?" he muttered as the petals fluttered to to the ground. • "Go ! Yes, of course she will go," he said to himself as the last leaf felL "Does it need ghost from the grave, or rose from the garden to tell me that?" • TO EE CONX1SUXD NEXT WEEX. Hie Prince of Wales and his family were present on March 2 in the Albert Chapel, .Windsor Castle, to witness the transference of the coffin of the Doke of Clarence to the tomb which lir. Gilbert, R.A., has designed for its reception. | Cokboicebs or Wax Vestas must be careful to see that they get Bell and Black*a only, which , axe the very best in quality and 20 per cent ! knore in quantify than the foreign-made wax 'vestas. Bell and Black1 s Plaid Wax Vestas are grade only in London, and have been awarded ll9 Fbxzs hfgnue for excellence of qualify. Every box of Bell and Black's Wax Vestas bears their name and the well known Bell trade-mark in Bed, White, and Bine. Ask for Bell and Black's Wax Vestas, and do not be deceived by the inferior article.—[Advt.] ' Prince Biasemsky, the Bussxan traveller, who has arrived in Manipnr from Burmah, has (says the Daily Nexct) been travelling for the last 18 months through China, Tonqoin, mid Siatn. He was twice attacked, and his companion so severely wounded that he had to return to Bu&ria; but the prince himself escaped unhurt. Hie prince, who is only accompanied by one Cossack orderly and an interpreter, suffered much from the cold on the Tamma road, which brought on a rather severe attack of fever. The Stetion rejoices in quite a number of French scholars, and was also able to produce an officer to talk Bnsfiian to the prince, who talks no English, 