A CHRISTMAS RIDE. —VICTOR J. DALEY. We sat on tbe front verandah cool on a Christina! Eve gone by. The Editor of the Tintardban Time*, the Editor 1! wife, and I; The gir's and the bors in the honss behiad made melody, weird anJ wild, "Christmas carols, Tintarilan style," the Editor said and sailed. The level r*vn of tho ECtticg lan through the vlre-claj t'e'Hs come, And touched the white, and the red wine bright into topaz and rubj flsmf. ' Hermitage both, yon may take font oath," quoth th-i Editor, with a grin; "I got there in lien of subscriptions dne from Vigneroa Patsy Finn," The Editor* face was brown and lean, and his fci.-heal was scored and,lined, Bat hti dark grey eyes were merry ani keen as his wife's were b!ne and kin 4 ; "AtmiM" he cried, and h« bowed to her, " You'll drink this toa«t, I know; It's—' A midnight ride with a stolen bride a score of years ago.'" The; looked at each other, laughing low, at a jest unknown to me, As happy a pair, as they sat there, as eyes might wish to see; 11 Mary, my pride, shall'l tell of that ride ?" with a dtneing eye In his besd, The Editor asked of his wife; the trailed, and " Yes, if you like," she eaU. " In \ixty-eight, and God bleu the< date," the Editor then began, 'I was light and lithe and young and blithe and cued not for any man ; Ah, those were days I Then were no grey baits like these yon see on my brow, When ppnr on heel tud a homelier feel than pen in the hand has now. But though I wai much to*mys:lf, as Bach, some weaknesses I mutt say " I w∈'t above, so I fell in love with the daughters of Morgan Shea; There were bat two, yet I vow to yon that which of them, Mary or Anne, I wanted to marry I knew no more than the least interested man. Mary wts fair, and Anne was daik, and both were the country's boast, Though now (with a wink) tbat I coma to think it was Anne wa« admire 1 the nxtt; And both were kind and both inclined to like me—bnt chiefly Anne." " Conceit," said -his wife, and fondly smiled on the little grey-bearded man. " But I wai only a printer then, with only a printer's pay, To keep myself and a hungry horse," he went on to remark, " while they Wera daughters of rank, with coin in the bank, their father a squatter prond, When iqaatteis were all of tbe aiiitocrats in this ronntry side allowee. " And Morgan Shea had all of the.pride of his class, and a trifle more) And he gave me to understand one day that if ever I darken'd his door He'd shoot me as sure as sudden death; and he had a quaint grim way 01 keeping hii word, however absurd, the same Ulster Morgan Shea, "Bat Lovc,'.they t&y;, hat iti own strong way of piercing obstacles through; Bow much more so with a love like mine that was ample enough for two f And that, perchance, to my veering mind it suddenly did occur That Anne wai the girl who was meant for me—and I settled it so with her. So it csme to pass on a sigh, like this, when the moon rose late and large, - That I roe to the homestead of Morgan Shia, with a swift led hone in charge The hone that I rodo myself—ih, well, I have seen some horseflesh since, Bat seldom a breed with the stay and spied of the breed of old Black Prince. That's always;excepting Shea's own hone—a terrible great red roan - And hii crcamlwhitemarc-there were none to compare with Black Pt iucabut these alone; Bat thtse there was nothing to catch or match, nothing to tame or tire; The wiad of their wake (on the coldeit day was a breezi that burned like fire. Strong language, thiaj? Well, psihapi it is. But remember I tell yon—l— There were hcrsa to ride in this country tide a score of years gone by. Bnt the roan and the mare I could safely swear were secure in their stable, so We had nothing to fear on that moonlight ride a score of jears ago. Across the bridge on] Gulliver's Creek, and over tbe Frenchman's Hill We swept, and down to the long grey flat— and there in the moolight still Bow after row tbe ring-barked trees rushed by as on either hand, Like procession* of sheeted ghosts they seemed, awift-flittisg across the land. Galloping there 1 became aware of the sound of hoofs behind,". '■,-. • ". : . *nd "Anne," I criel, "we have ridden fast, but now we must burn the wind." For answer I heard a laugh ; I tamed—and there was a sight to see I As I am a man, instead, of Anne,]it wai Mary who rode with me. " A Printer's error 1" yon'll say, It vat, but I was a patient man, ~ , - And I was in love with Mary, too, though I had arranged with Anne. And so. . . Btt his wife interrupted here. "Ton hb it was ft»» way—Jim "•'■'' : Bad taken so long to make up bis mini that we maio it up for Aim." ' ■ ' * The Editor said—"jHaying gone so far you can very easily see There wti nsthins; to do bat Ittf going on," a thought borne ia on me .-,'•• With especial force as oreT the eoane dry creek bed rnbble the grind .' And grind I heard, and new cold to hssr, of the galloping hoofs beninaV > ■ ,-• For I knew,'without turning bea°4 to st«v by ~ the insolent raiy way ' They weie roping is in 'twas the roan and the mare belonging to Morgan Bhe«. Bat the road ni clear, and oar goal was near, and I whispered to Mary—" Bide; I'll rein up here—and good-bye, my dear— lay Jim in hit itirrups died." Of coons tbii was bluff, and she laughed etougn, and " Die if yon must and will," Touching my hone with her whip, she said— " bn t fint to the churcb on the hill." . . And there on the Old Han Hill we were met, full-face, by the golden dawn, Vnd behold, in its light, like amber bright, the treares of Mary shone. And I felt that, in time. I might bear the ; shock of tbe change of sweethearts, when I heard, like thunder of waves on the rock, the roan and the mare again, And, oh, if for Mary and me it had not been a grim and a tragic thing, It wonld have been joy to hare gated jast then on the splendid space- clearing swing 01 that wonderful pair as like crested wares in the dawn up the hill they came As thongh a challenge of speed to beat to the Morning's couriers of flame. Mary said " Yes; they're a splendid pair— it was tettled long line*—that's Anne You fee on the mare anj the red roan there is ridden by D*n HcCaan," 'Iwas so. Tbe woman, woman-lifer, thought of the hunun pair, mas- like I - Thought of tbe horses—so we afe'made^—but under the morning «ky Marriages twain took place, and I had for groomsman Dan McCsnn, And for bridesmaid—saucily smiling at me— 10, and behold you, Anne t An* MoTgan Shea 1 .What hai ht to say ? H« bad much to say, indeed,' Too profane and Tain to hint in print, though In rid enough to read In the dark. However, the end wai this— ' he bought tbe " Cnbargo Crime* " , (I call it «n) for Dan, and for me this sane Tintaraban Times. ' - Tho editor and bis wife arose, and "A Printer's Error," said he, "It was." At each other they fondly smiled. Ani we drank to that error, did we, And I thought, as I looked at tbe pair, " Ob, there, I veil know all about the If Men Of error one finds in printing on earth—but | thU error «M made in Braven. 