LONGFORD. Eleven tenders have been received for the construction of the reservoir on Mount ford Hill in connection with our water works, and they will be dealt with at the monthly Council -meeting on Thursday afternoon. The anniversary of the Baptist Sunday school here was celebrated yesterday, Mr Basil Archer preaching morning and after noon, and Pastor Walton, of Perth, in the evening to large congregations. The morning discourse, an impressive one, was founded on the words "What mean ye by this service P"-Exodus xii.,26; the evening text being Isaiah Iv., 6 and 7. Mr Archer distributed the prizcs in the afternoon, when the subject of his address was "The children's best friend." The scholara,with their teachers, were arranged on a platform, and sung special hymns. Miss M. Hortle presided at the cabinet organ. The usual collections were made on behalf of the Sunday school funds, and at the first service reference was made to the Sabbath desecration of the present Ministry upon that day. The children are having their treat to-day in the paddock at the rear of the Tabernacle, and the public tea, which commences at4 30 p.m., is also now on. At Christ Church yesterday an Easter anthem was sung by the choir at both services. The decorations were poor as compared with previous years. At St. Augustine's Church the altar was deco rated with flowers and fairy lamps, the latter looking very pretty at the evening service. April 8. Notwithstanding the blustery weather yesterday evening the - Tabernacle tea meeting was well patronised, between £10 and £11 being taken for admission. The total proceeds of the anniversary services, etc., are £22 odd-rather better than last year. Longford to the fore again. A party of 15, all told, including seven of the fair sex, started from here yesterday morning at 4-20 fora trip over the Western Tiers to the Great Lake, returning to Longford shortly after midnight. The distance covered was estimated at 60 miles, about 24 of which was done on foot, but only seven of the party, including one young lady (Miss Reid), accomphshed the entire journey, which is something quite out of the common for one day. Some of the party knocked up in the ascent, while others were content to " view the land," or pro perly speaking the water, in the distance from the summit, which in their case conveniently lent enchantment to the view. Fortunately no ghosts were en countered this time, so that, barring the few showers, a good blowing, and several little etceteras, as the trip was enjoyed immensely. The party axe loud in their praises of the kindness and hospitality shown to them by the Misses Tubb and their brothers, also Messrs Francombe and Hodgetts. April 4. 