Fashionable Oriiainents. ' HOW AMERICANS DECORATE. ORNAMENTAL TOYS AftD WEAPONS. WOMEN'S WAYS IN YANKEE LAND. ARMED AND EQUIPPED. In happened in a Wagner vestibuled train corning down from the Lake George region a day or two ago (says a writer in the N.Y. Herald). There were only three others in the car. One was a pale, elderly woman, with silvery hair, soft as spun silk ; she was travelling alone in the next seat to ine. The remaining passengers were a young woman of perhaps 23 years, whose dress and carriage bespoke for her that position in the cultured society which she occupies, and her attendant, a trim little Swedish maid. As ths train dashed by promontories, woods, farms, bridges, the elderly woman grew still paler, and finally closed her eyes, vanquished by car sickness. She was not handsomely dressed — in fact, the reverse was true — and her station in life was a humble one. The swagger maiden beyond, however, hurried down the aisle and entered into a brief conversation. Then she spoke to her servant, who brought a small handbag, and from it Milady took the daintiest ' flask of brandy mortal man ever laid eyes on. In shape it was oval, less than four inches long, and not too bulky to carry in one's waistcoat pocket. And ye gods ! how it glistened and shone as the sun's rays, darting through the window, caressed it. The flask was made of solid gold. It lay on the seat near me for a few min utes, and surreptitiously I made a sketch of it on my cuff, which sketch is herewith re produced. Instead of a regulation stopper it had a bayonet top -which unscrews, but doesn't come of£ the flask. Set in the centre of the top and flush with it was a single small diamond, Upon one side of the flask, exactly in the centre, was the monogram 'M.S.,' deli cately traced in. aquamarines, those semi precious 6tones so much fancied at present. Can it be possible, I thought, that fashion able girls actually have such things for private use ? ~ And yesterday I visited one of the large Broadway shops and inquired into the matter. ' Why, certainly,' replied the salesman. *' Lots of them. And a Hask of solid gold, such as you describe, would probably cost from 170dol to 200dol, the difference de pending, of course, upon the diamond which ?might be set in the top.' A flask of 18 carat polished gold, such as has been described, can be purchased for about 90dol, provided it bears no stone and has no engravings or other decoration upon it. In other words it must be perfectly plain. But even a perfectly plain flask of solid gold would not be sneezed at by most people. It is not at all usual, by the way, for precious or semi-precious stones to be in troduced. The lady 'who carries a flask throws it into a small bag without much care. Those containing diamonds or sap phires would be a burden on the mind. Silver flasks for ladies have long been in use, but their sale has never been so large as at present. . They ate light, handsome and comparatively cheap. One can be pur chased for lOdol if you are content without decoration. ; but most people who can afford silver flasks desire theirs chased and en graved. And 'they spend all the way from 20dol to 70dol for each one. The very latest idea in flasks for ladies, however, is that of cut glass. The upper and the lower parts are of silver, cleverly chased, but the glass body of the flask is cut and carved, as shown in the sketch. ? As may be imagined, the decade that pro duces a sale for ladies' flasks produces other queer tastes and none stranger than that for daggers. Yes, tremble/ man'; the young lady you fancy yourself in love -with — all smiles, and soft eyes, and dainty gloves and filmy laces — she, my fnendjhas a murderous looking dagger suspended somewhere from her belt, nine chances to ' one : ; else she has a long, keen blade of ISiii lying on her toilet table, in company with' brushes, combs, shell pins, and the 10,000 other objects that there find a resting place. : -?' ? . . Nobody seems ito ' know who started the fashion „ new prevalent among1 fashionable girls of having 'a stiletto handy, but it is here, at all events. As a rule, the knife is not over 6in in length, including the hilt, but -what a wealth of skill is put into it by designer, smith,- tixfiL jeweller. Of course, the weapons are more for ornament than anything else, except cutting the pages of magazines and novels, and they add a pretty finishing touch, too. A pretty dagger is Sin from hilt to needle like point. The blade is of the finest 'Dama- scan steel and the handle of ivory. The silver ornaments thereupon are chased by hand. This, with the scabbard of bearskin and silver, cost, probably, SOdoL But this is a very inexpensive knife. I am told on authority that a western senator recently had a dagger made to order for his daughter that cost him 400doL . . The handle is of solid gold, and the extreme of the hilt is surmounted with a cluster of- small dia monds. One-third of the way down the hilt a fleur-de-lis stands out from the polished gold in rich, dark sapphires. The delicate guard is also surrounded by a rim of sap phires. It is very seldom that an order is given for such a dagger, which is magnifi cent enough for an Oriental princess. But if girls must have flasks and knives now- a-days, they must also have revolvers ; not great, heavy, bungling bulldogs, but the ' cutest, sweetest little popguns you ever saw !' as a young women remarked enthusi astically the other day. She was showing her latest playthingra gift' from -her fiance, and truly it was pretty. It was a real seven-shooter, too, and carried cartridges of ' 22 long ' calibre — large enough to Mil the mysterious man-uiider-the-bed, who never materializes, but who is always expected. It had a slender barrel and a light cylin der. The stock, however, was novel, being made of solid silver, engraved with scenes from Indian life, and the spaces between filled with scroll work. On one side there were three pictures — an Indian on his pony galloping along and brandishing his lance ; a tepee in a valley, with a fire near by, and two children of the forest in a canoe, with ?wooded shores back of them. Upon the re verse, side of the stock were scenes repre senting Indians in war dance, scalp dance, and ghost dance. This revolver cost 280dol. Still another, made to order, had the stock of polished gold, upon which a vine pattern had been engraved. Near the centre was a spray of leaves composed of delicate green demantoids. A crescent of the same semi-precious stones was set between the hammer and the trigger. At the extreme of the stock and standing out from it was a large lapislazuli of rich blue, curiously marked. The price of this revolver was 450dol, and it was paid without a murmur. Jewelled Daggers. A ' Cute ' Revolver, Ladies' Brandy Flasks. 