BYSTANDERS' NOTEBOOK ? v ? This week will see the release of two of the Union Prisoners — Messrs. Martin and Jjover. We may all recollect bemtase of that they-thr-not regain their T.NION liberty by any concession on PKBiONKRS. the part of the Government but by having served their sen tences manfully and honourably rather than seeK to escape »y cringing ana crawl ing. Their conduct in this respect, as does the conduct of Mr- Bowles, previously re leased under similar circumstances, and as does the conduct of those other loyal unionists still imprisoned, merits at once the sympathy and the respect of every honest man. They walk out of prison the sane men they went iu : if anything better andtruer men, for upon them is not the shadow of disgrace but the light of patient courage and heioism. To some extent this is recognised by the grant which they will receive from the Union Prisoners' Assist ance Fund ; ami to a still greater extent it will everywhere be recogmeed in the cor dial greeting of many thousands of friends. They and their fellow-prisoners have fought a great battle for Labour within the walls of St. Helena, a grim, silent battle in which a handful of helpless men have pitted their power of endurance agauut the stupendous power of a tyrannical Go vernment. And they have won. They laws, have beaten Tdzer and his 'dog- chains,' have beaten Harding aud his brow-beaten jury, have beaten each and all of the forces arrayed against them and us. Strong in their stubborn manhood they have retalned~the Belf-re6i»ect, surrender of which would long ago have opened for them their prison doors. Because of this and because oFthfl example they have Bet by so doing, the Union Prisoners deserve and have the heartfelt gratitude of thoae for whom they have done so much. Messrs. Martin aud Dow r come to us again with honour and credit. They have beaten the Government on its own ground and none know it better than those for ~wfaom the 'Government 'perpetrated this gross outrage on the workers of the colony. # * * Law, is a farce when its punishments bestotf honour and when its sentences are void of ehame. That which when law becomes a mere weapon in the is A FABCE. hands of a class and is so repug nant and objectionable to the great mass cannot possibly have any moral weight among the people. At the very most it can only terrorise, and when a law relies upon terrorising solely it is only a question of time when it innet ialliiy sheer weakness into disuse. And these unjust laws which we condemn and despise ; these unjust law* which make martyrs when they make convicts and which turn 4ihe prison garb into a symbol of honour ; these unjust laws which in Queensland aud at Broken Hill show themselves in all their foul brutality, naked and shameless, and are met bravely and endured heroically ; these laws are already doomed. Wie« government would hurry to get them off the statute books, would hasten to make ? the maintenance of order a part aud parcel of the life of the people, not a hollow mockery under which is disguised class j rale of the vilest kind. But our govern- , tnents are not wise, or are only wiee with j the conning of shameless public plunderers, | and so are too much engaged in breaking i their pledges and enacting gigantic \ swindles in defiance of all public decency j to waste time in making the laws affecting labour what laws should be. Yet there is | a limit to every tether and an end will j come to the supremacy of those who have j so abused governmental power. And j when it comes there will be much said and ! something ^done in the way of making it i impossible ever again to throw honest i industrial opponents among pickpockets j ? and cut-throatB. ,Ahd the men to whom such reform will be largely due are the Union Prisoners, whom we all now delight to honour, and two of whom we all hope to greet at liberty this week. * ' * * The MTlwraith-Morehoad Meat Export Works, 'down the river,' that Griffith opened, that £12,000 of the £12,000- public money- -was fired 61 vughterkd. into, that a £1000 meat ex pert was imported at the people's expense to put right, is still on the flats, and although all the men em ployed are under orders never to whisper how things are going rumours will out about break-downs in machinery and other defects in the concern that would drive any speculator mad who had invested £12,000 with an eye to principal and inte rest. Of course when Tozer said he had satisfied himself that the £12,000 was a rattling spec, for the country it was well known that he was only phonographing what M'llwraith had spoken into the machine before he cleared for India. Any w&y;, if liiaiiy more such accidents happen Mtook-place last week which, it is said, ?'fl soak up at least one-sixth of the 'Overnmohii uionoy, even tire green-horn' section of the speculating public will look with suspicion upon the attempts to resuscitate the venture, and the chances that the Government will ever see its in vested capital aerain will be more than fver remote. No wonder M'llwraith left for India.' * * * Griffith is flying his laBb kite. He has gone down to Hobart to a Federal Council Conference, probably to -GRIFFITH^ amuse himself by raining' ^commonwealth, the ghost of his pet I * . ' Commonwealth of Aus walasia' scheme. There is very little Uommonwoalth ' about it, by the way. « was only one more scheme for one more government, and heaven knows we have ^i^ ^governments already., Less government and less law, with a little justice for a change, is a pressing -need which men like Griffith are the wrong men to look to for satisfying. Just what he would promise this time if he had not hung himself with his own rope to the specially - gilded-for-the-occasion Supreme Court bench it would be interesting tor know. Tor he has made~almoBt every pledge, and broken almost every pledge, which it is possible for an ambitious politician to dangle before the nose of a confiding public. Perhaps down South they might still believe in his pretensions, if he could think of it, and perhaps they mightn't. But in any event he is not only a dead politician but the 'Commonwealth ' is an equally dead bird for a generation to come — and small loss it is. There are too many bones to pick in aty the colonial_parlia ments, particularly uj-ihe Queensland on.e- for good men to havjs any-time to waste in concocting institutions* which would only' place more laws between the people and rnfnrm. Wb have learnt by bitter bx perience that these clap-trap phrases are only intended to strengthen the position of monopolistic classes. The tears shed oil the graye of the stillborn 'Commonwealth' will be few indeed. * * * The defunct 'Commonwealth' recalls Griffith's pet ambition, an ambition none the less dear to his heart Griffith's because scrupulously kept PET AMBITION, out of sight. He aspired to be — only fancy ! — Premier of the United British Empire, with the title of Duke or something, a house in London, an estate in the English -Bhires, and a name written on the shifty sands of History. His zeal for Imperialism, his scheming for this same 'Common- wealth,' were only really steps towards the further design. The founder of an Aus tralian Dominion would have -removed to London and entered the House of Com mons acopmpanied by a brass band. There he would have propounded a huge Imperial scheme and ridden on its back to the political control of there-organised Empire. But the plans of men, like the plans of mice, ' gang aft aglee. Instead of using colonies as his tools, the M'llwraith syndi cators used him as their tool. He cannot even hold grower in Queensland. His ' Commonwealth' is a perfect frost. His ' United British Empire' exists only in his dreants. And he himself has had to creep out of politics by the Supreme Court back door and has had to 'salve himself with a little loot of a paltry £1000 extra a year. How great a fall was there, my country men ! Vaulting ambition does indeed o'erleap itself occasionally. With various other apt quotations which anybody who has time can look up in Shakespeare. * * * An officer high up in the Electric Tele graph Department of Queensland has just retired on a comfortable pen thk sion ; and of course the testi testisionial monial fiend has been the fiend. round. You know what that means. Of course no man -ought to be withoufciris friendsandifcgoes without saying that there are times when friendship will persist in blossoming into silver mounted pipes, ink stands in ebony or trifles of a still more costly nature. As tokens of friendship they are righb enough ! But how about the subscription list thrust in your face like a pistol by some busy body intent on bleeding you at all hazards for a patron of his own ! What aboutit when it happens in a Government office ? If not ' your money or your life,' then it's 'your money or your^billetr'' ^Phe-instanGe-that-has-just occurred in the Queensland Telegraph Department is a par ticularly bad one. Superintendent Matt veieff may have had a large circle of ad mirers. If so there was less excuse for the wire sent to every officer in charge of a station requesting the opening of a sub scription hat to be returned to Brisbane '??.. ?::?.:??. '??). '??'??? ???' ' ,!? ? .-.?!? ''?'???? ,-\/:-.:-.*r--~ when complete— for inspection by a com mittee including several of the permanent heads of the department. No selfrespect ing man ought to have complied with such a demand. Perhaps there were some who had the courage to decline. This, however,* is certain : that they would do bo at their peril. ?--?*-- * * ??-?- , The Q.N. Bank proposes to pay to its shareholders a 10 per cent, dividend on the past half-year's transac heaven-born tions. This happy state of financing things is possible only by OF the Queensland people being public funds, supine enough to be diddled by the M'llwraith-More^ head Q.N. Bank directorate, that runs the country in the interests of themselves and the bank. . There is in the Q.N. Bank close on two millions of public money at 4 per cent, which the heaven-born financier and his friends manipulate at 8 to 10 per cent, and which goes not into the account at the treasury but the divs, which they themselves receive. Last week the Go vernment found on its hands Treasury JBills to- -the -tune of £222,500 that the money speculators wouldn't pick up. Yet the Ministry instead of pulling out, as any honest administration would, a quarter of a million from the Q.N. Bank, takes — by virtue of an act of parliament, of course — this huge sum from the Government Savings Bank — a fund that is made up drop by drop of sweat literally squeezed out of the hard earnings of the toilers. Purely that fund should be intact and sacred against encroachments from all 'coTHeifs.' ~ \TheTact allows two-thirdB of 'fcbir Savings Bank funds to be swallowed up by Government debentures or Treasury Bills but Buch an extreme step should not have been taken while £1,970,000 is being operated upon (to put it mildly) not in the interests of the people of the oolony to whom it belongs, but to a number of men who simply prey upon the body politic. Hume Black, M.L A. and immigration tout, for. . M'llwrftitli'B syndicates, with squatter M.L.A. Crombie, hums black was present at auctioneer must shut up. Gannon's electioneering spoub at Toombul last week, and barracked for the Government' — tj-which Gannon just at present doesn't seetojto be attached. Whatever Gannon's relationship to the old Government crowd may now be, or in what way he has given them' offence is of no importance. But it's time that Black was brought up with a round turn. Hume Black is a. civil servant — or supposed to be — anyway he is in receipt of a very big_screw, £27 a week, and as such he is not supposed to howl at * political meetings. Leastways, wage workers on. the railways are not even allowed to be active members of Workers' Political Organisations under pain of dis missal by order of the £120 a week trium virate Commission. xTbis being so, not alone on the railways, but post and tele graphs and other public departments, it is necessary that Black who is now politically. V on a level with school teachers, leugthsmeu, telegraphists and other useful, government employes, should suffer curtailment of political rights in common with all mem bers of the Service. It's bacbarous that any man or woman's opinion should be stifled by threat or fear of dismissal from any employment whatsoever. Still, that's the lav, and it's only decent that Black should be made to abide by it. * » ♦? A salvation army band plays in the Bris bane Botanical Gardens to-day, Saturday, in aid of the hospital cant, chabitv, in connection with and SALVATiONtBM. that organisation. ~'mmmm 'There is too much superficiality and cant obou* * lotof things that are done in our midit. It is of vital importance to the otanmttnity that each ana all its members ffcotildba In ft state of perfect health, and mat the means to secure id should be within the reach of everyone. The hospital, in short, should be as necessary a part of our municipal system as a water or sanitary service, and as easy of access as the Gatdens themselves ?^-before sundown. — Aud it in of infinitely ? -fluMttw impnrtannft tn tJia benefit of the people that £16,000 a year were devoted to the hospitals than for Naval Tribute, that a very big part of the £100,000 Defence Force veto should go to founding a com plete hospital system, and that oharity in ' connection with necessary public Institu tions should be knocked on the head straightaway. This done, the Defence Force band could then play daily in the Gardens* instead of to a lot of soldiers who should be better employed than monkeying around withjBhootimj iroas ? -.?.. ? ? In last issue of the Sydney Workman the Labour Electoral League benches within the electorates re A botten pre8ente4by4bos«venfre» tABOCE plank, trade Labour MML.A who voted against thta m- ' ceptance by the Dibbs Government of a local contract for 20,000 tone oflron pipes bit » oi^msr iU;ure than the pi [Jen could be purchased in tha outside market, are urged to call such Labour members to account, their vote being deemed a violation of plank 17 of the Labour platform. That plank as it at present stands is tat a socialistic body a delusion and a snare. ? It merely demands that government con tracts shall jbe executed within the colony —not that all government work shall be performed by the workers themselves within the oolony without the intervention* of a contractor or fleecer. Such a planlf would be intelligible from a socialising standpoint. It is the socialistic method of getting at a sound economic prinoipleH— U^Uicly , LUnt (ibo wuiktM.' linn II riglil il- tllU fruits of his labour. Without that stipula tion it merely provides an incubating pro cess for breeding Australian Carnegies. However, the Labour Bleotoral League is about to hold a conference of branch dele irates to revise the platform, and the~besti ? thing they can dots to pull out No. 17 and make a bonfire of it. The planks making up a Labour platform must all be sound enough to withstand the capitalistic rob bery of Labour. . ? . Brisbane Shop Assistants' Union makes a moonlight trip to Queensport ' Aquarium by the Natone February 2. Music on the boat and dancing in the pavilion are itemg in the bill. Tickets 1b. fid. eaoh. ^ Willis, a N.S. W. Government labour- ? protectionist, has put down a motion in the Assembly to the effect that : The continued influx of aliens, sack as Syrians, Afghans, and other Asiatics, is a menace and danger to the peace and welfare of the European and native-born population of New South Wales, and immediate steps should be taken to prevent any further arrivals of these people, and that separate quarters should be allowed to those already here. Willis Is the M.L. A. for Bour'-.e, where Afghans with their camels are cheaply and reliably working out white carriers. After a graphic recital of the grievous wrongs inflicted on Queensland by the political — time-servers and traitors; — tire ? 31'Intyrc Herald winds up by declaring that : Once for all, a new party whom this colony can trust must oome to the front and save us from the utter ruin, politically and sooially, to ' which we are fast hurrying. Africa, the last happy hunting ground of the syndicator and the world-market capitalist is being opened up in earnest. It will be the last ditch for the manufacturing countries to tumble into before capitalism -breaks up through its own inherent destructiveness. Countess Kearney has become ah active member of the British Women's Trades Union Association. If any rich or titled woman ever steps into the ranks of the workers to help fight against present revolting conditions. She c--mes from the aristocrats— never the capitalists. 