Bits from the Papers. English files to July 28. Richard Sabey, aged 46, was executed at Northampton Gaol on July I8, for the murder of a woman at Burton Latimer, Northampton shire, on February 8. Ainio Mounier, 26, a Frenchman, was executed at Worcester on July 19, for tho murder of an, old woman at Liokoy End, near Bromsgrave; ou February 13. It is stated that the man Noel, who was under arrcstin connection with what is known ns tlio Ru'mRgate murdor mystery, and wps discharged last woek, is about to proceed to Now Zealand. Sentenoq of fourteon years' penal servitude was passed at Muidstonp 'Ass teen, on July 14, o« Mary Boyle fpr obtaining children hy fraud with intent to steal their clothing, end uftorwafds abandoning thpm, T|io Ameov of Afghanistan has (suys tlio Pall Mall Gazelle) lost his landscape gardener, Mr- Wyldo, who is returning to England in bad health, Mr. Wyldo has an idea that Afghanistan mjtfht create n fine export trade in fruits it' only proper wrangemonis were made for peeking end transport, The Norwesdan Storthing has adopted mianiinoasiy a resolution (teoteiteg that tho raportraoontly sent hy MivMitcheU, the British flnnsuLGencriil. to bis Government, regardin,' the salaries of doputies to tiio Sterthiwr and other matters,. was ealculntad to create abroad false impressions of the Norwetrian Psvlisment. I-ord Rosahery was tlio solo ooaupnut of the Poors' Gallory m tho Honsu of Coinmous on July 24, whon Sir R. Grey was replying to Mr. Onrzon on the Siamese question, Iu tho lobby, (says tbo iSri,. Jdmeth Qqtetle) tlio conver sation was oliiefly on ths same subject. What Disraeli would have done was a theme much dismissed. One reply wps suggeatlve : "Din- riioli would have said to the French, 'Well, takp yeur Mekong hcuudavy ; and, to show that there is absolutely no' ill-feeling in tho matter, wo will keep you i.n future, to that boundary by declaring u British proteotoralo ovor the remainder of Sium.' Cheokmate." To grant Hopio Rule fo Irfilnud (a military correspondent writes to the Si. Jama's Gazelle) will cost us half a million a year above our present taxation, and Ireland already pays £ 1,360, 000 less than she ought to pay. To maintain a, battleship one year with another, allowing for depreciation, costs, in round figures, £2QO, OQO ; a first oasa cruiser about £106,090; £1,800,099 would, therefore, main tain ten additional battleship8 and sixteen cruisers. Seeing the state of cur relations with France, would net tliq battleships and cruisers be a better investment for our spare cash ? The London oovrospondeiit of tho Western I) ail a Memory has hud from one who wit- nosBcd it a delightful pioturo of the life of the Duko and Duchess qf York while at Sundring- huui. " The Duke lias spent much of the day in the old tub on the lake, rowing the Dnoliess on the limited expanse of water, and pneeiug most of liiu time in fishing. The young couple took a huge number of now novels away with them, and thoy havo now mode a collection of wedding numbers. Those have caused both gratification' uud umusemont— -tile latter especially, from tlio extraordinary anachron isms committed by many of tho artists." It is not very often that ono hears of a reign ing sovereign being engaged iu a street row, but that or something like it seems to havo been tho case with the King of Portugal recently, when he und his aido-do-camp went to tho uHHistanee of u man who was struggling with an assailant, in tho rood. The King, who is not yet 30, scorns (says the Globe) to have laid about him With his \v, liking, stick with excellent effect, but it seemB an odd predica ment fyr a monarch who write bintwK the "most faithful King," not Pifiy of Portugal and tho AJgnrves, but " by conquest, naviga tion, and trudo," of Ethiopia, Arabia, Persia, and India as well. A writer in the British Aaetralysian says Mrs, Annie Bosant, , whose life record every body ia reading 69 it appears in thq Weekly Son, is going to visit Australia in the interests of that Btrnugo creed of theosophy which her active and noveliy-seoking iutellect has now embraced. Mrs. Besant is now at Chicago, representing theoeophy at the World's Fair. When her work is done there the will proceed to New Zealand, and thence on to Australiu and Tusmania, returning to England by way of India, whoso teeming problems must possess an enormous attraction for one of her cosmopolitan eymputhiea. Mrs. Besant hopes to reach Australia in October. Much amusement appears to have been created at Disley by the .way in which the moment Sergeant Pavios, the winner of the Qneen'e Prize, bad bred ins test phot, ho was besieged by the reporters anxious to interview hum The crowd kindly endeavoured to eevo tbem the trouble by shouting out Booh interest ing biographical details as "Has drunk nothing but water ever since hl/lch," " Uses 's soap ovary morning," aRd so on ; and eventually the hero of gallant little Wales escaped Ins journalistic tormentors only to fall into tiro handu of his own oountiymep. who, with sjiqnte of "ft wass a fory good aboot,," paraded him aU over tbo camp,' A libel aetion brought hy Mr. Havelock Wilson, M-P., against the Bveuiny Mom and Post (London), bus afforded tiro public some idea of the manner in which certain unions, oxiflting ostensibly to 'advance the intercuts of the working clueees, fulfil their functions. The Eveniny Mem and Post charged the Seu- raon and Firemen's Union, of which Mr. Wilson was the secretary, with having die- burned £28,00(1 out of its £29,900 revenue iu a reoklcBs, wasteful, extravagant, mysterious, end unintelligible way,"1 and it seonrod a ver dict on the plaintiff's own evidence. Students of social dud industrial polities will find valuable data far forming an estimate of the work of tee many of tho so-jOalled friends of labour in the report of this trial. It would bo interesting (writes a correspon dent) to know if people in other parts pf Eng land are suffering to the same extent as we ore from ono of the plagues of Egypt. " Hero in Shropshire, where I am living, toads and frogs of a small sizo havo abounded lately. Thoy come, as in the Biblical narrative, even np into our houses ; imdi although thoy have not as yet invaded our ovons and kueading-troughs, yet ovov two dote H ware found in my front hall this afternoon, besides several odd ones in tho dining-room 1 Out of doers (hoy swarm, and it is impossible to avoid treading upon them as you wiffk along. Probably the tropical woather wo had iu spring in responsible for their being iiatahed 'out in snob appalling numbers. |But where is tho Moses who will rid us of tbo pest f" A writer in Vanity Pair says : " I am told that at Lady Tryon'e party, givon on the evening of the fatal collision between the Vic toria and tiio Camperdown, a well known lady saw the figure of Sir George Tryon on the stairs, nnd wotehed it pass down into tho refreshment room, Daily — was sigprissd, and, coming noross a friend, told lier what she had seen, adding, ' I must go and tall Lady Tryon what a pleasant surprise she has given us all ; and I must find Sir George (o speak to him.' Upon this the second lady, who is also well known IU society, said, ' Do pot say any thing to Lady Tryon. I saw Sir George, too ; and! spoke to her, and she seomed uunoyed, She sayg that Sir George is iiqt here, Ho Is with ms ship.' We ta'O hound to say this has rather a familiar look. Wo know that ghost Op the stairs." Oddly enough (says tire Unity Mown, advert ing to tire otitis in Stem), the Siamese com uroflore's name is more Frenoh than ths Frenqb udmwaVs, It te Armund Dnplessis do Riche lieu — the samo as that of tho great cardinal,' who also by a strange coiniiidonco was himself un pdmital at tlm eiego of La ReehoHe, The oidy known representative of the pavdinal's family is the Duel'tan of Mouhco, who does not recognise thefiiiimeso udmiral aa rolated to her. Tho admiral heliaveahimeoif to bo a dosoendant of a Richelieu who Pink, 'fated aftue tin) Edict qf NlHltPS, Ho is iKWl'ilK'd us boiiig fair, with reddish heir, and of a distinctly German typo offsoe, awl lie apeuku i'remh, Gonuan, and English, Twenty ynms ago he a»p pared m Sunn, ui|d got into Govpiiiincnt Pinplpymout os niastor of u small cutter- tiinve tbeu Ins qse has been rapid, and hd has tho reputation of being an oxopllont scum an. Ho hss been a Minuter.- 