THE 1XSTEEY OF THE mi By W. W. WOO DIFIELD, Author of ‘‘Demon Dick,” “ The Manor Ghost,” “Ginger Joe,” “A Double Crime,” Etc. “ Oh, honey, whatever wall become of ua if this strike continues tiiuoh longer?” Such was tho pitiful wail forced from Mrs Trotter, the buxoin wife of one of the miners usually employed at the adjoining colliery, but who were thou on strike. Tho exclama tion was rather the involuntary expression of a silent contemplation of the disastrous effects of the strike, than intended as part of a coherent conversation. The only other occupants of tho litUo kitohen at tho time were tho oldest daughter Nellie, who was sat upon alow stool washing and dressing the baby, a boy eighteen months old, and tho youngest of a family of eight. Nillie was a tall graoeful girl, rapidly approaohing nineteen years of age, with a well- poisod head upon her shoulders, while her light-brown hair and hazel oyes set off her comely features to advantage. Her quiet and gentle hubiU made her a favorite wherover she went; and as she strolled through tho village, or walked to the adjoining town of Netting ton, many au eager glance was cast upon her. But to none was her presence so weloomo as to Fred Shepperdson, who was her beau, while there can DO no doubt that the bond of affection between these two youug people was both deep and strong. Nellie felt that her mother's lamentation called for some remark from her, hence she observed: *' Oh, mother, isn’t it awful to think that we have to go on in this dreadful way day after day, virtually starving, whon father is both willing and anxious to work ?” “ Ah, my lass, it iB hard, as God knows, the struggle we have gone through ; but. Nell, it isn’t the lazy horse that always gets the whip,” rospouded Mrs Trotter. Nellie, who by virtue of her ago, waR her mother’s confidant and helpmate, continued : “ There’s Tummy’s boots want soloing at once—if ho goes auothor day or two they won’t mend at all. Harry’s jacket is all out at tho elbows, and Geor*io’s trousers aro only a mass of rags”—the intervening sobs ohoked further utteranco, and so the narrative of tho domestic troubles of the Trotters was cut prematurely short. The mother, however, took up the dismal tale, and remarkod: 41 If such bo the state of their olothes, poor bairns, what about their victuals? Here they’ll all be in upon me in a quarter of an hour, and I haven't a sorap of anything for At this point both mother and daughter fairly broke down, and their convulsive sobs and oopious tears bespoke more eloquently than words could do the angunh of their • feelings. This dreadful ooal strike had now lasted several weekB, nnd its sad effects were pain fully visible in ouoh homos us that ot the Trotters. A ballot had been taken, and tho majority declared for the continuance of the Strike. But tho majority was chiefly made up of tho young and unmarried men, whose responsibilities were comparatively email, while the married men with wives and families strongly disapprove of the decision. The latter, however, were powerless to •scape from the dilemma—they flared not set at open defiance tho verdict of their com rades. Besides, tho pit mouth, tho pit hank, and its approaches were vigilantly watched daily by pickets in order to prevent any de linquencies ; in short, it was dangerous for any one who was supposed to favor the employers to bo seen about. Only that very morning of whioh wo speak there had been a heated discussion at the Black Diamond Inn, whioh was suddenly brought to a dose by Will Trotter bringing his hand forcibly down upon tho table and boldly declaring that men might do what they liked so far as they themaolveB were concerned, but that it waB simply a scandal and a shame to inflict so much pain and suffering upon innooent women and children. There were sundry murmurs at this out burst of manly oandor, but as Will glunced round the room defiantly, no one dared to contradiot him. Now, Will Trotter was a big burly fellow, quite six feet in height, and built in propor tion, for the arduous labors of the coal mine had in no way disfigured his body. Under ordinary ciroums lane os, however, he was as harmless as a child, and on many occasions had been known to go out of his way for the sake of peace, but it was well-known that when his blood was up he was an awkward customer to tackle. In fact, his great big heart was in his home, and nothing afforded him so much pleasure as to witness the happiness of hia wife and children, but woe unto those who sought in any way to mar their happiness. With^ respect to the strike, he soundly cursed it and all who were directly or in directly responsible for it; and if the offeuders could have been concentrated in one individual, and that individual had come within Will’s vyce-like grip, the position of tho former would have been a sorry one indeed. After leaving the Black Diamond about that hour whioh by usage is set apart for the mid-day meal, Will proceeded homewards— not that ho expected that there would be much dinner for him, the time had trone by for that. Immediately ho crossed tho threshold of the cottagoho noticed tho dejected looks upon the faces of hiB wife and daughter, but the latter attracted his attention moat. He thereupon drew a chair beflide theetool on which Nellie sat, and patting her on the head, and otherwise fondling her, he looked in her face, where the tears wero ecarcoly dry, and exclaimed in his bluff way: “Why, Nell, my girl, what’s the matter? Your face looks aB long and as miserable as a mute at a funeral.” Nellie endeavored to frame a pleasant Teply.but the attempt was a dismal failure, which caused her father to continue : “ You know Fredia coming in to-night, and he’ll look for smiles rather than tears. Why, mother,” ho added, bb tho result of a closer inspection of the girl’s face, “ I declare Nell's -face' lookB -quite thin and pinched. She wants rest, ohange of air, and must have some eood port wine and strengthening He looked up at his wife as he uttered the last word, and the mute, agonising appeal which he saw depicted on her fuce at once recalled him to a sense of the actual state of things. Without uttering another syllable he cot up, walked into the baok yard and began to weep like a ohild. Kis breaBt heaved with the violent sobs that convulsed his frame, while the hot tears descended like rain. His distressed wife, who closely watched his every movement, knew it was no use interfering until the storm had Bomowbat subsided. Presently, however, she went into the yard, took her husband gently by tho arm, and led him baok into the house. The violence of the storm had abated, but as ho laid his face upon his arms, which latter rested upon the table, the tears continued to By this time the children had arrived from school, and were crying for their dinners, which the poor mother was, of course, unable to produce. The existing dilemma was too great for even her affeotion and ingenuity to overcome. . Will, to whom these lamentations were ex cruciatingly painful, got up with a set purpose on his features, and putting on his hat, he left the cottage. He had not been long gone when he returned, carrying a number of parcels containing tea, sugar and bread, which his pathetic appeal had succeeded in extracting from the grocer and the baker on credit. It was with extreme reluctance, however, that these gentlemen had parted with their goods, even to one from whom in prosperous days they had received many a bright pound. What a commotion was oreated in the little cottage.by the advent of the father with has welcome eatables. The children fairly danced for joy aijd caressed him as though he , had brought them.a most sumptuous repast. Thank God that for this day at least grim want had been driven from the door! Matters in connection with the strike were , now approaching a orisie, for the owners had publicly proclaimed the faot that if the ballot went in favor ot continuing the struggle the men occupying the pit cottages wouK .ecciyo notice to quit, and they were not long in * putting their throat into execution. Now, in order to carryout this doiioato and painful process it roquirod someouo of dis crction, taot and ;modoratiou, because local teoling was naturally worked up to fever heat. Unfortuuatoly, howovor, Bluudell, the bailiff, whoso duty it was to superin tend those operations, possessed^ nono of these qualities. Not content with carrying ' outhiB strictly legal functions, ho bullied and bragged, insinuated and threatened in a most insolont manner, lie abused, domi neered ovor, aud iusuited the women of the village, ho terrified the children by his mi* couth behavior, and ho chaffed the men with an amount of impudence aud high - handedness that might have led anyone to suppose that he i?as their dictator and master. Ho could cringe roadily enough to his betters, but to the poor ho was a merciless tyrant. A coward at heart, ho regarded hitusolf as the embodi^ moot of the law, aud thus ho erroneously imagined that this oiroumskaaco gavo him , immunity from tho consequences of the ! insults ho so freely scattered about. It is not surprising, therefore,, that bo t was familiarly known by the j-yuouym of | ‘‘Bully Blundell.*’ But this in no wise] , disconcerted him—ho rather regarded it as a • compliment. - On tho second morning after the events already narrated Blundell was seen march ing down tho liiuiu street of the village in lordly stylo, flourishing a number of papers about, and scattering his bluster and monacea on all sides. Those papers were a portion of the noticos to quit that he had to The dire news soon spread along the row that Bully Blundell was coming, und the poor women awaited his arrival in conster nation, well knowing that tho impending evictions portended intensified misery and disaster. As ho passed tho grocer’s shop, Blundell exclaimed valiantly— 4* We'll teach them a lesson ; we’ll show these Hoamps what wo mean !** 44 Why, what are you going to do ?” in terrogated the grocer. 14 Ho !*’ retorted the bailiff, 44 why, we’re going to pitch these vagrants out, bug and baggago—they’re too well off at present.” “Th»t follow,” soliloquised tho grooer, as Blundell passed on, “ is riding a high horso just now, but everybody knows that prido usually goes before a fall.” Little did ho imagine that Blundoll’s fall was so soon to come. The latter served several notices on trembling women, whoso sobs were too in* ten«e *o render any remark on their part in telligible beyond tho fad wail— “ My poor bairns! Oh, my poor bairns!” Tho men stood about in little groups watob ing tbeso ominous proceedings. Their clenched fists and menacing altitude snoko plainly the suppressed emotion under whiob they labored ; and it required all tho efforts of the police to prevent an open attaok upon the heartless Blundell. At length tho latter readied tho cottage of tho Trotters. Will was standing in tho doorway much in the same attitude und tem per as his comrades. His hands were olenehed convulsively, and he bit his nother lip to keep down tho surging pa-sion. Blundell, ever ready with his scathing tonguo, observed tauntingly as ho held out the notice-paper: •‘Well, Will, I have brought you a nice littlo noto this morning, and I hopea as how you’ll enjoy it.” Quiok as lightning, and without a word, Will das led the paper out of Blundell’s hand on to the ground, where he fiercely crunched it beneath his heel. Blundell, still preserving his sneering tone and assuranoe of manner, remarked: “ Well, I’m sure, some people never are satisfied. Now, that I calls anything but a respectful way to receive a nico*little billet doux, delivered by a gentleman.” Will, with his blood now fairly up, ad vanced upon his tormentor with uplifted arm and doubled fist, with the evident intention of felling him to tho ground. Some of his calmer companions, however, aided by the police, who were anxious to avert tho riot that seemed impending, got between the two, and by dint of main force held Trotter back, while Blundell, only too glad to get off with a whole skin, throw tho paper in at the open door of the cottuge and went his way. The miners recognised tho fact that the strike had now entered upon a grave phase; aud in the afternoon of the same day Trotter, accompanied by two married comrades, Jim Siddell and Joe Mortimer, determined to walk over to Netherington and see what prospect there was of the struggle coining to an end. They proceeded by way of tho North Flats, some meadows lying to tho north of ! tho village. The scenery was pleasant; enough, but the three men were too sad at hearc to notice this. Nor had they gone far on thoir journey when one of them happened to look back and observed another individual following on behind. Thinking it might be a fellow workman, they slackened their pace to enable him to cotno upj When, however, tho newcomer eventually pot near enough to admit of recognition, the three pedestrians discovered to their chagrin that it was the hated Blundell. Now, had ho kept his tongue quiet Blundell would have been allowed to pass without molestation, much as the men had boeu oxasperated in the morning. But Blundoll regarded this as far too good an opportunity of having a rap at the miners to be allowed to pass—in short, his stinging tongue was irrepressible. “ How do yo do, gentlemen,” he began as be came alongside his victims; 41 suppose j you’re taking an airing after the events of the morning.” Joe and Jim strongly urged him to pass on and leavo thorn alone—Will, whose temper was evidently rising, had not yet spoken. But Blundell refused to profit by this warning, preferring to continue his banter as recklessly ns ever. At length Will Trotter observed sullenly: 41 Thou ohattoring humbug, thou’d better be off as fast as possible, or mayhap tbou’ll Blundell, however, waB quite equal to this emergency, so far aB empty talk was con cerned. Ho deolared that he liked “good company,” if the minors didn't, and con cluded as usual by holding the terror of the law over them. As he was the representa tive of the law, he argued ho was at liberty to pursue his course without fear of molesta Tho meadow sloped gently upwards from the footpath to tho other Bide, and Blundell ocoupied a position a few feet from Trotter on his right. Ah it was evident the bailiff had no idea of ceasing his interference, Will took a quiok Btep towards him and dealt him a powerful blow on the left shoulder, which sent the embodiment of the law trundling over the green sward like a football. Blundell had not even now boen tanghfc oaution. Ho got up, writhing with pain and almost choking with rage, a condition of things that placed him still more at tho meroy of his formidable antagonist. He commenced to chatter a lot of incoher ent nonsense about the law and the venge ance he would exaot, but he took care to re treat as Will slowly and calmly advanced to ward b him. His wild gesticulations, intermingled with throats of punishment, showed clearly that he still retained a hostile attitude. In this way the two men proceeded until they were close to the upper side of tho meadow, Will being followed up by his mates, Joe and Jim. Eventually Trotter and Blundell again came within reach of each other, whereupon, after a little dodging, the former dealt the bailiff a violent blow on the forehead, which sent him flying head over heels over the ridge, and landed him right in the centre of a dump of rank weeds and underwood, in cluding nettles, dockings, briars, etc'. As the bumptious bailiff showed no farther sign of hostility, 'the three miners walked leisurely down to the footpath and went on their way, thinking nothing furthor of the m6lee. Next morning, however, Blundell did not make his appearance at his usual time and place. Thin Jed to inquiries, which disclosed 'the fact that he had not been homo all night. Day after day passed, and still there were no tidings of tho missing man. Great was tho sensation created by this mysterious event. There could be no inquest, as thoro was no body on which to “sit," bo tho affair was handed over to tho police. By tho latter tho village and its environs for miles arouud were thoroughly ransacked. Every pond, canal or river was dragged, and to stimulate tho search, tho proprietors of tho pit issued a printed bill offering a reward of £25 to any one who would give such information as would lead to the recovery of the body; but it was all of no hvhU, and it seemed as though the earth had suddeuly opened at a given moment and swallowed 44 Bully Brundell” u>v Immediately on the first note of alarm, tho three miners^ "Will Trotter and his two compiuions, Joe and Jim, voluntarily oamo forward, and uduutely described what had taken place between lUundell and themselves , in the North .Flats. The different statements so completely corroborated each other, that at tho dose tho magistrates acquitted tho men of all blame, and did not hesitate to express the opinion that Brundell had richly merited the puuishment ho received as a result of his unwarrantable interference and importin The miners were discharged, but there was still no clue to the missing bailiff. All this had a serious effect upon the in habitants of tho village, many of whom were afraid to go out after dark owing to the horrible tales that wore told about “ Bully Blundell's”ghost having boon Boon. The oldrst inhabitant solemnly declared that never before had he reco'ved such a fright bb ho did when he saw tho ghost. It threw him all into a 44 trommel, from which ho had not yet rocovored; while an unmarried feraalo had a violent attack of hysterics from the same cause. Then, as usually happens in these cases of mystery, tho local authorities, tuoitly ad mitting their own failure, sent up to Scotland Yard asking to havoaBmart detective sent down to ?ee if he could unravel the mystery that perplexed them. Hence there shortly appeared on tho scene Hr Detective Quiobly, a very clover (?) man, who expressed him self confident that he would solve the prob lem in a marvellously short apace of time. Tho net result of Mr Quiokly’s visit was that ho built up a number of elaborate theories (on paper), each of which had iu its turn to come toppling down owing to the want of a solid foundation, though this was not accomplished until much pain and annoy - anco had been inflicted upon a number of innocent people. Then officious Mr Quickly left as he had come—with his fingers in his mouth. About three yenra had elapsed since tho events recorded. The strike had terminated almost simultaneously’ with the disappearance of Blundell, and now only remained a painted memory; while Nellie and Fred bad been married and wore comfortably settled down. For some time there had been unpleasant rumors ub to tho presence of foul air in tho pit, which were a source of unuasineos to those dependent upon the bread* winners. The uso of naked lights had been prohibitod, and every suggestion made by the Government Inspector hnd been or was about to beoarried To securo improved ventilation wns tho great desideratum, aud with this view it wbh determined to re-open an old shaft that was known to exist in the North Flats. Many yearB ago it had been used for pump ing purposes, but it hud long been in disuse, and its entrance was now overgrown with long weeds aud briar bushes. Asa preliminary’ step the mouth of the shaft was olearod, and a spindle and cage was constructed in order that the workmen might descend and ascertain tho state of tho shaft. On approaching tho water, which hero rose about six feet from tho bottom, whit was their horror to behold a human face floating on the surface! They immediately made signals to bo drawn to the uurfnce, and on their arrival there they, with blanched faces, told their ghastly story. Tho necessary preparations having been completed, the cage again descended tho shaft, and brought up what proved to be a dead body l Although shockingly decomposed, it was immediately identified as the body of Blun dell, tho miBBing bailiff! Tho old shaft had kopt its secret well, and but for the alterations rendered necessary, the presence of its ghaBtly occupant might never have been known. This, then, was tho explanation of Blun dell’s mysterious disappearance, but as to how ho got down the old shaft, that remained a mystery yet to be Bolved. There wero ouly throe men in the village who could even surmise at the truth, and thoao wero Will Trotter, Jim SiddeU and Joo Mortimer. Tho little group assembled at the mouth of tho shaft—for the workmen had by this time been augmented by a group of sightseers, so rapidly does sensational news travel—cast awe-stricken looks at tho corpao laid upon tho Truth to tell, the inhabitants of tho village had not made any pretence at Borrowing for tho loss of one who had treated them with so much harshness, but his mysterious dis appearance had imbued the affair with a weird interest. The body was conveyed to the Blaok Diamond Inn to await an inquest, whilo tho nows of tho extraordinary discovery made was keenly disoussed in every house in tho village. Thateamonight, however, furnished another and more aoute subjoot of dieouesion—an event bringing sorrow and Buffering in its train—ah ! oven death itself. About half-un-hour after the men engaged on the night shift had commenced operations a loud report was heard emanating apparently from under tho ground, and rumbling away like distant thunder. The discharge of gas aud rubbish from the pit’s mouth which i immediately followed told all too plainly the | dreadful tale of what had happened: There was a sudden rush to the vioinity of tho nit to ascertain whatever particulars wero available, and soon there was a crowded stream of men, women and children all hurrying wildly to the same destination with consternation depicted upon every nounten Who that has witnessed such a soene can ever forgot it ? The poignant grief bo pain fully illustrated by every aot and sound. Naturally a lengthy interval elapsed ere accurate information could be obtained. Some of tho pullies of the ascending and descending gear had been displaced or broken —these had to bo put right, then the rubbish thrown among tho machinery had to he cleared away; while last, hut not least, blasts of foul air continued to puff up the shaft at intervals, rendering any attempt to descend a dangerous proceeding. Meanwhile the wildest rumors wero abroad, rendering the suspense still moro agonising. Eventually a search party was able to descend into tho mine, and soon tho news was sent up that the explosion had not been of a very extensive nature, but that several of the hands had rebeived serious injuries. The case of Will Trotter was mentioned as the worst of these, and in consequence he would be sent up first. The Trottor family, who were preBant in the orowd, could only receive the mtimatitn j of the terrible blow that had fallen upon I them in mute despair, ’ still dinging desperately to the hope that the life of the bread-winner might be Bpared. The fact is that prior to the explosion Will was engaged in an out of* the-way corner, which was difficult to work, and to whioh position he had been assigned by the overman, owing to his experience and known 1 caution. He was laid on his book, hewing the coal above, as many of our minere have to do to seoure their hard-earnod wages. It was just then that the explepion occurred, thereby dislodging a huge masS- yOf the ooal right above him. The major portion of this feU upon his body, inflicting terrible and ■ Y " V. fatal internhl injuries, whioh rendered him insensible. The heavy mass that had pinned him to the ground had been removed aa speedily as possible, and, this accomplished, the poor fellow gavo Btgna of returning consciousness, bat it was a consciousness that brought the knowledge of frightful suffering. Ho whh gently lifted up and tenderly borne to the onge at tho bottom oi the shaft. In this ho wa* placed, and, with Jim Siddoll and Joe Horthnor felted on either side, each holding a hand of their old mute, tho oage waa drawn gradually to the top. On arrival at the surface, tho appearance of tho injnrod mau gave rise ton suppressed groan, for it waa only too manifest that he received his death blow. Ho was placed upon a stretcher, aud carried to his homo shoulder height by his mates, tho first oouplo being his friends, .Too and Jim. Hero bo was placed on the bed surrounded by bis sorrow-stricken family, while tho ureat tears chased their way down tho ooaly ohookR of tho hardy minora. The two doctors who woro on tho spot, visited tho houso, and mado a close examina tion of the injured man, but they could do nothing. Will, like tho bravo man bo was, boldly asked tho medical mou for thoir verdict. They replied, with a shako of the head, that recovery was impossible, and that tho last aot in tho sad tragedy might bo expected to take plaoo in a comparatively short Will received this sad pronouncement with calmness aud resignation, and indicated that ho wished to bo alone for a brief period with his old comrades, Joo and Jim. When tho room had been oloared, Will took a hand from caob of hie old friends and grasped it in his own, after whioh he observed : “Well, lads, we’vo been mates for these twenty years past.** Ay, that wo havr,” replied Jim, amidst his sobs. “ But I’m going to leave you now,1* con tinued Will with in or eased difficulty. 44 Before I go, howovor, I would like to pay a word to you about BlundolVa death, whioh has weighed heavily upou mo ever since tho body was found.” After a brief rest, bo continued, 44 I look upon this as God’s work, for you know, lads, that tho Biblo tells us that He will demand an eyo for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, alifo for a life ! But as I expect to enter His presence very soon I solemnly declare that I had no intention of taking BlundoU’s life when I struck him in the moadows, while nobody could bo more surprised than rao when I heard of bis disappearance. When I am gone, lads,”—the breathing came thick and fast now—*■ you’ll give an eye to the missus and bairnsJ’ Tho two men emphatically confirmed every word that had beon uttered by their dying comrade as to the affray in the meadows, and vowed solemnly that no effort should bo wanting on thoir part to see that the widow and orphans wore well cared for. As it waB evident that tho end was rapidly approaching, the family were again called into tho room ; and after invoking God’s blessing upon them, Will Trotter passed quietly away, his head resting upon his wife’s breast with one arm encircling her neok, while the other arm was entwined round tho neck of his eldest daughter. Thus it came about that on the morrow two inqueBta had to be held at tho Black Diamond—on the bodies of thaso who in life had been antagonists, but who were now at peace. And in both cases tho cor on or and jury ftlt that they had no option but to return a verdict of “Accidental Death,’’ for in tho case of Blundell thero was no ono who could speak with certainty as to how his death occurred. Will Trotter was right in his surmise. Blundell, on being thrown into the bed of weeds and briars, had laid stunned for a moment, but on struggling to extricate him self his frail support had given way, and ho was Drecipitat(>d down tho hidden shaft. When the funerals took place the gonoral respect in which Will Trotter was held was practically illustrated by tho largo attendance of villagers and othor*, whilst the proprietors of the colliery were well represented. Neither were the widow and orphans for gotten. for on hearing of the catastrophe tho executive of that excollent institution, tho Miners’ Permanent Belief Fund, forwarded a handsome donation, while this was abundantly supplemented by BubBoriptions from the owners and other local sources. [The End.] 