"SPNOKS." A SOCIETY has been formed in Melbourne for the purpose of investigating psychical phenomena, wbich practically means that tbe members of tbe society, for want of something more valuable to occupy their leisure, are going on an expedition in search of " spooks," ghosts, wraiths, banshees, illusory black billy-goats, materialised spirits and spiritiiaiism generally. Jt has issued a constitution already, and the membership fee has heeu fixed at half a guinea a year,' this being about the most solid part of the programme so far as can be judged by. present developments. Taking the peculiar characteristics of the objects of which. they ure in search into con'- sideration, the first members, of the new society eeem eminently fitted for the work. There are one or two university professors vvho will be able to give us learned discources upon the physical and mental attributes of the impalpable shadows wbich may be discovered through these indefatigable ; searchers into the mysteries of the borderland between this and the next world. Then there are it couple of doctors wbo will be in a position to attend to the ailments of the wraiths which may be brought before them for professional treatment ; one' or two journalists who will he ready to send off the earliest information about the internal and external appearance of the " Spooks" by wire to tbeir respective journals for dissemination amongst the hungry and wondering world outside the society ; a Minister of tbe Gospel who will look after the spiritual welfare of the materialised spirits who are expected to occasionally meander about the rooms occupied by the investigators, and alsy a few sceptics, and out and out believers in spiritualism who will preserve tbat balance of will power .which is said to be essential when summonsing the etberealiaed wanderers from.the zones beyond into the presence of the unbelieving denizens of this weary and wickeij world below. Unfortunately there seems to be a division of opinion already as to the best means of initiating the investigation. The spiritualistic section eeems to be under the impression that the spectres now awaitiug an interview are of the flesh and blond variety, slightly attenuated and vapourised by the extreme heat of the climate of the country in which t'iev have been ri^id»nts since they took their departure from this sublunary sphere. Professor litlery, the Government Astronomer, who is an authority On sncli optical instruments as are calculated t'> raisrt tbe curtain of the tangible but uuseen «orld outbi le the range of unaided vision, seems to be under the impression that the light in veaptsci, to " spooks " and such things, is becoming much clearer, and we have no doubt th<t if such is the case,we shall soon be in a position to invent a machine with jip.epb lies aud big telescopes after the fashion of the Poses Plastiques, and thus be enabled to Bee the "spooks" disporting themselves in the belief that their antics are unobserved. The goveru 7 ment vegetable pathologist is a member of the new society, and is under the impression that tbe constitution affords ample scope for investigation, aud we quite agree with him. By and by under tbe new light which will be thrown ou to the now unseen, we shall be able to ring up Mesmer aud Glassuer, and Lindley Murray, aud all I he rest of those who have an interest iu our world of to-day. We shall have a revival under proper scieutifio supervision of course," of table rapping, materialise'! spirits levitating bodies, sbakiug hands with the "spooks," getting rich by ( their disclosures, and having no work to do tbrojigh tbe Sa.me means. Plaucbette writing will have a new life : direct spirit writing will become a fashionable accomplishment for the ladies in our latter day drjawiug rooms; and those who can't add a few spiritja, if only from the humble rum bottle, to their list of intimates will no longer be worthy associates of tbe upper ten thousand of tbe future. The telegraplj!, telephone, miccropho'ie, and phonograph-wiH iie then locked up as instruments ol an unenlightened past bt-cause we (-hull get our information from distant parts by means of direct communication from those who will whisk themselves off iu search df it, aud return instantaneously at . the word, of command. Bellamy's theories will be knocked Ej'ky high ; Edison will lie looked upon as only a diwdler on the fringe of the great developments under (the anppices of this new society; and the Pox's, tile Uadyn's. the Homes, and the Squires, with the noble army, of charlatans, who followed ill 'heir wjjke are likely to be revivified and resnnected in order that they may explain and illustrate their interesting exhibitions for the bcnelit and enlightenment of eager and enthusiastic itiquireis. 