f.- Story Column. Now Fmsi Published. ALL ALONG THE RIVEB1 BY MISS BRADDON, Author or "Aurora Floyd," "Dead Men's Shoc3," '"Tho Day Will Como," "Phantom Fortune," "Tho Ono Thing Needful," &o.; &o.;, j»t.r. queensland riohts reserved. W CHAPTER XXVII. ITou, and (3od can Comprehend Each Other. -..It was two months after Allogru's Wedding day, and Martin Disney had been warned that tho closing hour of tho young life he had watched so tenderly was not far off. It might como to- morrow ; or it might not come for a week ; or the lingering flame might go flickering on, fainting and reviving in tho socket, for another month. Ho must hold him self prepared for the worst. Death might come suddenly at tho last, liko a thief in the night, or by stealthy, gradual steps, and slowest progress from liferato clay. He sat beside Isola's sofa in tho Roman lodging as he had sat beside her bed iu that- long illness at Trelasco, when her wandering mind appalled him more than her bodily weakness. Ho watched as faithfully as ho had watched then, hut this time without hope. Father Rodwell had been with hor at 7 o'clock upon tho last thrco mornings, and had administered tho sacrament to her and . to her husband, and to tho faithful Tabitha, ono with thorn in piety and love. The priest thought that each celebration would be the laBt ; hut she J' allied a little as tho day wore on, and ived till sunset; lived through the long, gainful night, and another day dawned, jmd he found hor waiting for him. in the ftiorning, ready to groet him with her Sale smile when he appeared upon the threshold of her room, after going up the ataircaee in saddest apprehension, .droad- „ing to hear that lill was over, except the funeral service and the funeral bell. Sho insisted upon getting up and going into the drawing-room, feeble as she was. Tabitha was so handy and so helpful that the fatigue of an invalid's toilet wa3 \- lightened to the uttormost. Tabitha and fthe colonel carried her from tho bedroom i to the drawing-room upon her couch, and l-carried the couch book to tho bedside in !the evening Before noon she was lying ;in tho sunlit saloon, surrounded with jflowers and photographs and hooks and newspapers, and all things that lighten ithe monotonous hours of sickness. Nor was companionship ever wanting. j-Martin Disney devoted himself to her with an unfailing pationcs. Upon no '.pretence would he leave hor for moro i than half an hour at a time — just the space of a walk to the Hill of Gardens, or the length of the Via do Condotti and ;the Corso; just tho space of a cigar in the loggia. Ho read to her, he talked to her, he waited upon hor. Tabitha and he were her only nurses ; for Lottohen was a young woman of profound concentration of motive, and had early taken unto hor- solf the motto, Ono baby one nurse. She i nm p.n f,i mi r! v TiArformed her dufcv to hor infant charge; hut she rarely lifted a finger to help anyone else. It was drawing towards the end of July. Tho woathor hnd been lovely hitherto — hot, and very hot. but not in supportable for thoso who could uixord to dawdle aud sleep away their midday and afternoon existence—- who had horses to carry them about in the early mornings, and a carriugo to drive them in moonlit gardens and picturesque places. In the suburbs of the great city, aoroBS the arid Campagna yonder, utTivoli, andFrasoati, and Albano, and Castel Gnndolfo, people had been revelling in the fulness of the summer, living under Jove's broad roof, with dancing and sports, and music and feasting, and rustic, innocent kisses, snatched amidst tho darkness of groves, whoso only lumps are fireflies — deop -woods of Rex, whero the nightingale sings long nnd late, nnd the grasshopper trills his good-night through the per- furmed herbage. Hero, in Rome, the hent wns more oppressive, and tho splashing of the city's -many fountains was the only relief from the glare and dazzle of the piazzas, the vivid whiteness of tho great blocks of houses in the new streets and boulevards. Blinds were lowered and shops were shut in the blinding noontide heat, and through tho early afternoon the eternal eity wub almost as silent and reposeful us the sleeping beauty — to awaken at Bundown to movement, and life, and musio, and singing in lighted streets and crowded cafes. Suddonly, in the dim gray of the morn ing, the slumberous calm of summer changed to howling wind and tropical rain — torrential rain, that fell in sheets of water and filled every gutter, and splashed from evory housetop, and ran in wild cascades from evory alley on the Bteop hillsides. Tho Campagna was one vast lake illumined with vivid flashes of lightning, and the thunder pealed and ' reverberated along the lofty parapets of the ruined aqueducts. The tall cypresses in the Pincian Gardens hent like saplings "before that mighty wind, whioh seemed to howl and shriek its loudest as it oame . tearing down from tho hill to whistle and rave among the housetops in the Piazza y di Spagna. , 'One would think the ghost of Hero wore shrieking in tho midBt . of the tem- l pest,' said Isoia, as she listened to the J fitful sobbing of the wind late in the dull gray afternoon, while hor husband and Father Rodwell sat near hor couch, keep ing up that sad pretence of cheerfulness whioh love struggles to maintain upon tho very edge of the grave — the- broken hearted make-believe of those who know that, death waits at the door. ' Hark,' she cried. ' There comes a shrill cry every now and then like the sorcam of a wioked spirit inpain.' . ' 'Rome is full of ghosts,' answered the priest, ' but there are the shadows of the . good and the great as: well as Qf tho : wiokGdi "Wblkiug : along in tw.ilight on the Aventine, I should hardly he sur prised to meet the spirit of Gregory the Great wandering amidst the scones of his saintly lifo; nor do I over go into tho Pantheon at dusk without half expecting to see the shadow of Raflaello, And there are others — somo I know in the flesh— "Wiseman and Antonelli, Gibson, the sculptor, consummate artist and gentlest of men— yes, Rome is full of the shadows of the good and the wise. Ono can afford to put up with Hero.' ' You don't mean me to think that you believe in ghosts ?' askod Isola, deeply interested. It waB only 5 o'clook, yot tho sky wns gray with the grayncss of lato evening. Hero in this land of light and sunshirfo there had been all day long tha brooding gloom of storm clouds, and a sky that was dark as winter. ' I won't analyse my own feelings on the subject ; I will quote the words of a man at whose feet it was my happiness to sit sometimes when I was a lad at Oxford. Canon Mozley has not Bhrunk from facing the great problem of spiritual life in this world — of an invisible after existence upon the earth when tho body is dust under the sod. " Is the mother of our Lord now existing !" ho asks, and answers, " Yes. I boliieve that all futhers, mothers, sons, and daughters are now existing. Hature has disposed of their bodies as far sb wo can trace her work ; but their souls remain. So I read in Homer, in Yirgil, and in the Hew Testa ment. This existence I am permitted to heliove is a conscious und active exis tence." Canon Mozley, the man who wrote thoso words and much more in tho same strain, wns not an idle visionary. If ho could nfford to believo in the presence of the dead among us, why so can I. And I believo that Gregory the Great has whispered at the ear of many a Holy Father in tho long lino of his successors, and has' influenced many a cardinal's voto, and has boon an invisible power in many a council." ' I like to believe in ghosts,' said Isola gently. ' But I thank God those that I lovo are still in this life.' She held out her hand with a curiously timid gesture to her husband, who clasped it tenderly, bending his lips to kiss tho pale, thin fingers. Oh, Death, pity aud purdon aro so interwoven with thine image that neichor pride nor anger has any force against thy softening influence. She had boon false. She had wronged him and dishonoured herself, cruelly, cruelly, most cruelly ; hut she had suf fered und repented, and sho was passing away from him. Lot tho broken spirit pasB in peace, let the fainting soul depart in an atmosphere of love. That day wore itself out in storm and tempest, and the night came on like a fierce death-strugglo ; and the wind raved and shrieked at intervals all through the night; and again next day there were gloom and darkness, and a sky heaped up with' great lead-coloured clouds ; nnd again the torrential rain streamed from the housetops and plashed in tho streets below ; a dreary day to be endured even by the healthy and tho happy — a day of painful oppression for an invalid. Isola's spirits sank to the lowest depth, and for the first timo since Allegro's marriage she talked hopolessly of their separation. ' If I could only see her once more before I die,' she sighed. ' My beloved, you shall see her as soon as the railway can bring her here. . Re member, it is you who havo forbidden me to send for her. You know how dearly she loves you — how, williugly sho would come to you. I'll telegraph to her within half un hour.' ' Ho, no, no,' Isola protested hurriedly. 'Ho, we can never meet again in this world. I took my farewell of hor iu tho ohurch. I meant it to he farewell. I wns very happy for her sake when I saw her married to the man she loved. - It wns a selfish repining that made mo nsk for her just now. I would not havo her summoned hore for worlds. Sho -is so happy at Yonice — happy in her honey moon dream. Tell her nothing, Martin — nothing till you can toll her that my duys have ended peacefully. Sbo has borne her burden for mo in the past. I want her to be free from all care about me — but not to forget me.' ' She will not forget, Isola. She loves you fondly and truly.' 'Yes, I am sure of that. Sho was dearer to me than my own sister, cared for mo much more than Gwendoline ever cured, though Gwen and I were always good friends. Poor, frivolous Gwen She writes me affectionate letters, hoping she may get to Italy in the autumn, though it is impossible for her to como just now. And mother and father write to mo just in tho samo way — mother regretting that her health won't' allow her to luavo Dican, father hoping to seo mo in the autumn. Thoir letters are full of hope fulness.' Her husband road to her for the greater part of tho Ion a gloomy day. He road St. Thomas a Kempis for some part of tho time. The hook had been on the littlo table by her side throughout her ill ness. He road two or three of Fredoriok Robertson's sermons, and for occasional respite from too serious thought he read her favourito poems — Adonais, Alaator, and some of Shelley's lovely lyrics anil those passages in Childe Harold which had acquired a new olmrm for her since Bhe had grown familiar with Rome. 'Read to me about Yeniee,' she said, ' and let mo think of Allegra and Cap tain Hulbert. I love to fanoy them glid ing along those narrow, picturesque streets in tho great, graceful, ponderous gondola I know so well. It is so nioe to know of their happiness, and that they will never be parted.' So the long summer day — without tho glow and glory of summer— wore on, and except for- her excessive languor and feebleness there were no indications that the patient's state was any worse than it had been for somo weeks. The doctor came late in thb afternoon, and felt her pulse, and talked to hern little, but it was easy to see that his visit was only a formula, and that he had no hope of doing her any good. 'You have suoh an excellent nurse, Mrs. Disney, that I oonsider my position almost a BineouTe,' ho said, smiling at the faitliful Tabitha, who; stood. waiting for his instructions, and who never forgot tho .minutest detail. Tabitha oame in from tho adjoining bedroom every now and then, and ad justed the pillows on tho sofa, and sprinkled eau-de-Cologne, or fanned the invalid witb a largo Japanese fan, or arranged the soft silken' coverlet over her feet, or brought hor some small refresh ment in tho way of a oup of soup or jelly, and tenderly coaxed and aseisted her to take it, talking just as much or as little as seemed prudent, always careful neither to futigue nor to excite her charge. to be concluded to-morrow! 