OUR NOVELIST FOUND GUILTY. — — — — ♦ ? By Mrs. Harriet Lewis, Autlwrof' Ihe Double Life,' 'Lord Varkwood's Crime' &c.; CHAPTER LVIII. THE NEW FIREMAN. When Alex entered tlie hall, the next morning, on her way to Mrs. Ingestre's room, Pierre Renard's door opened softly, and he looked peering. ly out tipoti her. He liad been on the Wflf.i*Ii flit* an Knnii I icf.nm'iin- fr\ _»T-4».tr sound, anticipating an outcry upon the discovery that Miss Strange was dead. At sight of her, ho recoiled a* if she we e an apparition, scarcely able to comprehend that his evil plans had again miscarried, and the object of his hatred had again escaped his toils. He leaned agiinst his doorpost ia u perfect stupor, as she vanished within the chamber of her hostess. ' Escaped me again !' he muttered, a« soon as ho could command his thoughts. ' How did it happen ? Her window must hare bsen open ; she cann -t have suspected my design and been upan her guarJ. No, no ; her escape is au accident — an acci dent,' he added, darkly, 'that will nut happen nest time.' Alex slid nothing to Mrs. Injjestre of the renewed attempt upoa her Hie. She kept her 6 vn oouuse], and when she encountered the va'et an hour liter sh* exhibited no -iga of her knowledge of his enmity and wicked nesss. lie was thus confirmed ;zi his op:nion that her escape from his toils was accidental. The return of Pierre RonarJ with out hi* mail/sr wa* provocative of considerable gossip in the servant*' ha'i, bat - he gossip was ended by the valet'B statement that he had been sent home by the marquis for impor tant papers, and that, as they bad been, mislaid, their discovery would probably occupy him for a day or two. . . Saunter! 4^ into the servants' hall at a later hour that moroing| * ierre lteaard found the servants, or many of them, discussing the Mount Heron tragedy, ft tbpie generally avoided by the dependents at the castle. Dili* gent listening, and a few well put enquiries, made, him acquainted with the rumour current among them^that the spirit of the murdered marqgis had teturned to haunt the castle, aud thatit Jiadbeen repeatedly . seen at mght, of late, in the vieinily . of the ruins, mud upon the upper terrace. Mr/ Pierre Renard pricked up his cars at this report. Upon a closer enquiry, he learned that the reports had originated with one of the footmen, who had come up at a late ' hour from a visit to his sweatheart in Mount Heron village two 'nights before. The footmau, flattered with the notice he haiT'att tracted, and thexsK.citemen^, explained that- he, hatT returned jbq, the castle aft$j?;inidnt^ur, upon the occasion re ferred to, and that t1 e night was overe isf, but that yet a few stars were visible. In the pile gloom, as he emerged from the shadow of the trees bordering the drive, he beheld upon, the upper terrace a human ngut^.|iactftgi»lowly toand fro. Be lieving it to be that of one of his fellow-servants,, he crept nearer to him, intending to talce him by sur prise ; but the surprise was his own when, emerging from behind a ta'l nrirble group of statuary, he found himself face-fc-* face with ft tall, grand looking gentleman, whose countenance was strangely pale and sorrowful, aud whose eyes, as he declared, burn el him through and through. fthU figure, he ave- red, was spectral and shadowy and retreated before him without a sound. ' What made you think it was a ghost. ?' a--ked the valet, with seem ing indifference. 'Because, in ppiAe of my knees trembling, and me that scared 1 couldn't, even mutter my prayirs,' replied the footman, ' I could see that- ho lii'd the look of (he Mount herons. He e;mio-l liim-telf in the proud, grand way that people used to notice iu them, and I knew that it must be the marquis's spirit, unablo to rest, in the other world because his murderer had not been punished.' . *-' As long us his murderer is in the other world along of him, why couldn't he take it out of him there, and p»y off oil scotes, instead of coming back here to terrify us outetv our senses ? ' asked a second footman. ' For my part, I pha'ji't want to go out of doors aft-r d-- rk. I ain'6 afcazd of anything mortal, but when it comes to ghosts, why, then I'm as bashful as a girl.' ' Did you see iu what direction your ghost disappeared ?' asked the valet. 'He moved a way like a shadow in the direction of the ruins,' was the answer. 'I stood like a stone for some minutes, and then crept into theras'li*, and money couldn't hir** me to be out later' n ten o'clock at «t$it,' . . . -, ? .-.-'-? ? ... *' You probably stopped at a public house on your way home, after saying good-night to your sweetheart, sneer ed Pierre Uenanl. '* The murdered marqnis t^m't walk now, you m«y be sute, after keeping quiet eighteen years. The troub'e i--, you were a statue. There is nothing like a good glass of hot Scotch for helping a man to see double !' Mr. PierraEenard was a great man in the servants' hall, and his remark was greeted as a sally of wit,, and re warded by a loud bur.it -of laughter. The ghost- -eer wa ted sullen and beat a retreat, muttering something about, ' Frenchies ' and ** frog eaters,' which it was perhaps well for him that the ''gentleman's gentlemm' did not hear. The valet presently sauntered away. As he vanished from the scene, a stranger presented himself at theser-I vants' entrance, and asked to see Mrs. Matthews, the housekeeper ordered him to be shown to her room-^-a plea sant sitting 'room, with a fire, a low, chintz-covered coach and easy chairs, a work table, and a book«nse -filled with books, man} of which, were of especial interest to her in her official duties. Mrp. Matthew* was sitting with her knitting work in hand at a win dow overlooking the terrace. She arose 'at, his entrance, her placid face be traying surprise. She had expected the detective officer whom the ftev. Justice D tltou had promised to send her, but this man, she mentally decid ed, was a person who had no con nection with the rector. He was a quiet person, young, and looked the very ideal of an excellent servant, being gentle of movement, soft of step, aud retiring in his man ners. H''s face wan not shrewd, nor was it actftally vacant, yet he appear ed exceedingly commop place — a serv ant with no idea above his calling. ' Yon wished to see me ?' asked Sirs. Matthews. 'Yes, mum,' was the response, as the intruder bowel tespec fully. *' I am wishing a place mum, and called to see if it might be you had a vacancy, mum. I can do anything you wish— act as footman, wait at table, serve as under gardener, or even take care of horses, mum, which I'm considered an excellent groom, mum, begging yi-ur pardon.' The housekeeper looked at the man doubtfully. No he could not be a detective. Never wasa simpler, more commonplace countenance than his. ' There is no vacancy,' she Raid, somewhat sharply. ' 1 cannot give you a situation, my good man.' She made a movement to ring the bell for a servant to show him out. ' Wait a minute, mum' said the man, gravely. ' I can gi va. good re commendations as to character and ability. I refer to Mr. Dilton, the rector of your own parish.' Mrs. Matthew's face brightened. *' I unde stiind,' she ssid. ' C«me in sir, and sit down by the fire.' She closed the door. The intruder advanced into the room, but remain ed standing. ' I expected you,' sa'd Mrs. Matthews, ' but I should never have suspected your real character. Dalton f' Th » man * had such a note, and presented it. It was simply to the effect that the ttev. Mr. Dalton de sired to recommend the bearer, John Wilson, to Mrs. Matthews, assuring ber that she would find in him a faithful servant, should she desire to engage him. ' It is all right,' said Mrs. Matthews. M I have spoken, to the butter about you, and he will give you employment about the house. You are to attend especially to the fires. The fires are keptup in all the rooms, including my lord's valet's, and tending them is a,, man's work !' ' I have no loubt^at I will suit the butler*' said John .Wilson, quiet ly. ' He has had to send away the fireman fora week to make place for you,' Said -Mrs. Matthews. ' Mr. Paffet understands a good deal, and will make things es pleasant for you a* possible, xou are come just in time,' and sne /..lowered her voice. ' Pierre Eenardcame homelast even ifttr nriUinnt-. It to tWnaiaw o.nA fionf. rm some mischief , I am thinkipg.' A knock tsras heard at the door, and Alex came is for a brief visit, as she had recently formed a habit of doing. At sight of the stranger, she would have retired, bat the house keeper called her back. 'This is a new servant, Miss Strange.' said Mrs. Matthews. 'I have just engagedhim, on the strength of the rector's recommendation.' Alex regarded the man narrowly. He returned the_gaze with interest. He had heard from Mr. DaJton of Alex's discoveries, and had himself perceived the mystery pertaining to her. He sawat a glance that she was Hit what she seemed. He had been called to the castle to solve one mystery ; he resolved to amuse him self by solving also a fecond— that of Alex's actual identity. Alex w is endowed with an :'ntuitire insight into character, and a brief study of this man's impassive counte nance showed her thai he possessed a large amount of shrewdness and saga*, city. She felt an instinctive faith in his keenness and ability, and resolved to trust him to a certain extent. Accordingly, after a few questions which he answered in a manner to satisfy her she told him of the repeat ed attempts Pierre Eenard had made upon her life, detailing the adventure, of the previous night. Mrs. Matthew's .horror was greats John Wilson listened impassiyely^bud did, not ask a question until she had entirely finished her narration, ans hid even told of finding lira. Ingestre', diamond brooch hidden in her trunk Ti^hore her enemy »3d placed it. 'But why is be your enemy, miss?' he theu asked. ' Why does he seek your life P' The girl nashel hotly, then |^ew pale to her lips. ' Because he tears m?,' she answer ed. ' He knows that I supsect him of having murdeied his former master and he thinks I may succeed in bring - inghimjio justjice.' ' '... ??? . '.If ihe' is brought t^justice/'^i^- , marked John Wilson, ' if he commit ted that murder and should bo bang ed for it, it is you he will have to thank for his doom. .No one would have, dreamed of reversing the decree of judge and jury until you made such a reversal a possibility. Ar« yea a re lative of the family, m'sn ?' ha asked rsjpectfully. . ,, .'.-.-:' », Alex's face paled again. . ..\ 'Miss Strange P' questioned Mrs. ? Matthews, with, a smile; ** Oh, no, inde. d. Sj^© ; iis 'a '.'JUj/^l' fit S|w» ' Ingeetre, -nd has taken upfhjs ; mystery all of her own self, and .is bringiug trttt,h to light; although she bas no lierSoiial interest in 'the case whatever. ,!,.?',?.-??...?...:. .. i ? .tiij ..?..../,., John Wilson -^oitg^, $ffi$i&pUj.; .1 He made op his mind th^t . Miss i Strange had a very large pei«Dnal in terest in the ?rindicatiou of Lord Strat ord Heron, a^d he w us ditermlnel t » . , kmow . the nature of thftt intemst. Mrs. Matthews rehearsed the storjr of the *' ghoat ' upon the terrace, a report of which .on* of 'ttie houseniaidB had brought her that mf-rnijajg. , Jo.hjd Wilson Jistened with attention. Alex was star! led. The seeming ghost must be her father* who walked i the- terrace, waiting for her. ; ' She resolved to remain put. that night later than usual, in the hope of , meeting him. Her anxiety and uii- . ?? certainty as to his fate gave pUw» to a « sense of relief. He must be in hiding : about the castle, perhaps among, the: ruins. Leaving? Wilson with ? Mrs. Matt* hews, she returned to Mrs, Ingjestre, spending, the entire day with^er,, ' . Wilson entered upon hjB new dtttiesj performing them with skiU a»td near ness. When Pierre Renard went to. , his room at a late hour of the after noon, he found the n^W servant en gaged in replenishing the fire, and. brushing up the hearth. He regard* ed the new face suspiciously. 'Who fere your' he demanded, brusquely. ,- . ' The new fireman, please, ^sir,' .-. said Wilson, humbly, in great ap parent awe of the fine valet. *' Where's the jether fireman gone to ?' inquired the valet. , , :- ? 'Gone home, sir, on account of sickness, or for some other reason, sir,' mid Wilson, plying his brush assiduously. . u You're no Oormshman, remaric-' ^ ed Renard. ' You don't have the , dialect my man. I should take you . f or a Oockney.*' ' ^dtae folks So take me ?:$&;..'& Tt Lqndene^ , sir,*' said t^ilsoju, ' ajid , th^y are right.. J am a jOookney, ,M\r4:. born within the sound, of Bow bells. But, lor', folks do get soat.ter^4, gi?x;i and a fine place in the country is better' n town outen tbe season, sir.' ;?'?'; Pierre Renard glanced about him. His effects showed no sign of disturb anice. He dismissed Wilson, with a resolve to learn more about him, and how he happened to have been taken on at Mount Heron. The butler satisfied him upon this point at dinner, saying that the fire man had been called away and that he had taken the Cockney, who had brought a recommendation from the Rev. Mr. Dalton, of the parish church. Renard gave no further thought to the subject. Mrs. Ingestre was still confined to her room. Alex spent the evening with her, but at ten o'clock retired to her own apartment. Here she wrap ped herself in along waterproof cloak and then stole down the grand stair case and out into the gloomy night. Silent as were her movements, Renard, who was on the watch, and who had drawn hi? own' conclusions .from the ghost story, slipped out after lier, witti murder in his heart. (To be continued.) 