Port Gerrmein (From our own Correspondent ), January 19, 1893. Last evening a number of ladies, and gents of the Port constituted themselves into a "surprise party," and provided with all kinds of' good things in the way of provisions, refreshments, &c.; paid a visit to the ship " Midnatosol " lying at the pier. The weather was rather stormy and uninviting but apparently it did not affect the jollity of the party in any way. On arrival at the ship willing hands soon had the decks cleared for action, whilst the ladies took possession of the saloon portion of the vessel and tastefully laid out the provisions, &c;, and as soon as possible dancing was started going. The evening passed away very pleasantly until a start was made for home at about two o,clock a.m., when all hands assembled on deck and gave three cheers for the captain. The lads of the Port being desirous of renewing their stock of cricket material and also of purchasing a Lawn Tennis set, held an important meeting some few weeks since and resolved to give an entertainment to raise funds. Great preparations were entered into and rehearsals were set going forthwith. Mr. Simons very kindly offered to lend his store for the occasion, and the working committee rigged up a stage with the orthodox curtains &c;, provided seats and everything necessary to ensure success, and the affair has been duly advertised by means of trypograph hand bills, as a " Grand Concert." Excitement amongst the juveniles has been intense during the past week and last evening when the Grand Concert came off there was a muster, not only of juveniles but also of their mothers, cousins, and aunts and a contingent of pretty old juvenile lads.cThe programme opened with the song "Golden Slippers" by Bert Cobb with fall chorus accompaniment ; Sbng; " Ta ra ra Boom de ay." Lou Griffiths ; Recitation, "Christmas onthe. Polly," Marian Simons; Dialogue, " Bruised and Cured," Walter Richens and Leslie Simons ; Song:" Up to Date," Lea Griffiths ; Song. "Climbing up the Golden Stairs," Bert Cobb ; Nigger Sketch, "Sailing," John Richens. and Bob Hayball song, "Clara Nolan's Ball," Lou. Griffiths; song, " Not Long Ago." Every item was received with rounds of enthusiastic applause and the' performers got through their pieces in a highly creditable manner. The stage was then prepared for the concluding nigger farce " Grandmother's Ghost " but during the interval Matters A, Cobb, Horace Brimage, and Archie Blake treated the audience to a splendid exhibition of Indian Club Swinging, showing themselves Apt pupils of Mr George Steele. Many parents present were pleasantly surprised at the proficiency shown in this business by the youngsters. The characters in the farce were as follows:- Jim, Bert Cobb ; Sam, Louie Griffiths; Harry (Sam's mate), L. Simons : Aunt Chloe, Maria Blake. The boys played their parts, very well and the unanimous verdict was that the whole affair was a great success and there is a general wish for its repetition. The receipts for the evening at 3d, 2dand 1d. amounted to £l 14s. 6d. Miss Grace Tindell provided the performers and a few 'friends with a very well got up supper which suitably wound up the evening's excitement. 