THE PROFESSOR'S RIDE. BY FBANCIS CUTLER VAN DYOK, TB, THERE was a man whose name was. Smith, And to himself he said ' If I don't learn to ride a wheel, I might as well be dead. 'Tis better far to sleep in death Than to be out of style; Then let me buy a wheel, perchance I'll health and strength beguile. Biding is. such delightful spore, I oft have heard them say; Our modem 'cycles far surpass The ' Cycles of Cathay.' But then, what pattern shall I buy p Now let me think a space— The high wheel is more graceful ; but We mortals fall from grace." With such reflections he at last Concluded—clever man !— To buy a " safety " was for him By far the safest plan. . He bought his. wheel, essayed a mounts But when hei would begin it Aild tried to, get upon the seat, He found he wasn't "in it." At last he learned to keep his And turn the pedals round, And ride along in noble style, That is, on level ground. One : sultry day he took a ride, Profusely be. perspired, His limbs -began to tire soon t His wheel was rubber-tired^ A farmer with a monster bull Before him did appear; In vain Smith tried to steer his wbeeL The man to wheel his steer. But on. he aped, filled with dismay, Atad in a moment brief, Although he was no butcher, Smith A "corner'' had in beef. Wounded and bleeding, then he gtape& " My testimony take; Proclaim that like a martyr I Have perished at the stake." With tender hands they raised his form And bathed his bruised erown, And tried to lift his spirits up By putting spirits down. Soon, he was riding on his way, His mishap quite forgot, When suddenly a dog rushed out From a secluded spot. Smith quickly turned; Ins head around And gave a frightened glance ; He feared his trousers might be frayed, Hearing the canine's pants. Swifter and faster turned the wheels, On sped the monster grim ; Although with flying feet heran " There were no flies on him." A gentle incline!!now appeared, Smith muttered with a frown " That dog will find that like this hill I too will now slope down." The cur ,at last gaye up the chase* And .to himself said he " I wish that such a, race as this Occurred more frequently." Smith, weary, halted at an inn. And. said unto-, the host " Give me the best you have to eat, I'm hollow as a ghost." When dusky twilight gathered round He mounted, .paid his bill, And rode along, 'mid lowering clouds, O'er valley, plain, and hill. The night was dark, the road was rough. Into a ditch he sped, And as he had no headlight on, He lit upon his head. Tired and faint he reached his home And said unto his wife " This riding round the country loose Is much too fast a life. 4 1 On that old 'cycle's leather back I never more will go ; For while I bought it for a wheel, It's brought me naught but woe." DE 