m ? The dates of the elections appear in this issue, Aod it will be seen that tic straggle is to extend over a month. Tfci* is an arrange ment on which the country is not to be con gratulated, though it is one that is in accord ance with precedent- A -general election disturbs the whole business of the colony while it is in progress, and it is surely desirable from every point oE view that this interruption should be cat as short as possible, instead of extending it in the way that has been settled. The conditions in the electorates differ widely — greater lime most be allowed in a huge elec torate like Gregory than in one so com pact as Bockbampton. Bat this could be met by making the nomination for Gregory considerably earlier than for Rockhampton, inwt^ad of nuOring the election much later. In what way would tfae public interest suffer if aT| the elections were held on the sune day ? The turmoil would then come to a bead over the whole colony on the one day, and tbe in terruption to boBtnesB would not extend beyond the week in which the election day fell. Farther, there WoaM be a greater like lihood .of tbe elections expressing the true mind of the country if heW aimultaneoualy. The wisdom oE the proverb that nothing succeeds like success is more - coospku onaly shown, pnrhapa, in a general election, than in any other struggle. If the opinion u set^lvmd fey tbe caxiy «tectxo&s;,tbat the tide is running in a certain direction, it is an immense assistance to the party whose success is thus anticipated. There are thousands of men who lite to vote on what they think is tiie -winning nSc, and whatever opinions they may have heM at the beginning of the contest they nnheatatxhgly go in the direction in which -they befiere from these early elections that mblic opinion ' is running. Were the ejections all held on tbe one day they would toot be exposed to this temptation to disregard their own con vkttODS of what was best for the country* Thupopolar weakness is taken adrantageof by every Government. - It is always Found what ibeBe dales are:pub!3shed that in con stitnenckE where tbe supporters of the Government are expected to win the polling takes place early, go that the 6rat returns may appear as favourable as possible to the Ministry. There is a further advantage from this «ariy -potUng. If a prominent man u thrown oat tn tfae 6rst day's polling be may find a seat tefore the dose of the election, lint if his contest does not come off till the last 'defeat generally means exclusion from be House. The intimation to the electors of Kormanby, made by Mr. J. Mum? in this issue, that lie will be unable to offer himself for re-election, win be received with touch concern in that con stituency, and with general regret throughout the Central Division. Tbe announcement will come as a Wow to tbe people of Central Queensland, for Mr. Murray's presence in the next FarE*meot 1wl~f»e-3. loofcei'upon as a certainly ,** not a whisper of opposition to his return having been heard from any quarter. Air. Murray statcB the reason for his decision with characteristic candour And manliness. He would greatly have liked to join, the new Parliament, and thus have been in a posinon to assibt atill farther in the Separation move ment, for which he has already done ao much ; but the withering drought in the m-est has so completely disorganised the writing of hu property there,. that i»e feels at to critical a time his private aSvrs demand bis .undivided attention. It cannot inreasou lie denied that these circumstances perfectly warrant Mr. Murray's decision; except on certain rare and supreme occaaione, such as invaawn, a man's duty to himself and his family is para mount to his obligation to aerve the public But whether Mr. flJurray's constituents wiR~ consMer 'these' circnmstuices ' warrant them in accepting what is virtually Ifae resignation of a courageous and devoled representative U another question. Except with the express consent of hie constituent*, a man ogght not to accept no important a fmbliu post as a Beat in Parliament unless he is prepared to diligently perform its duties, and it id because he feels he could not at the present juncture do so that Mr. Murray has inade this announcement. Viewing all the circumstances, it will be a question for the electors of Norinauby whether the difficulty so unexpectedly presented to them would not beat l»e met by a relaxation on their part of the unwritten law which requires regular atten tion to lii« duties by a member of Parliament. Drought* are uncertain in their going as well as in their coining, «uid a break in tbe weather, which would free Mr. Mum; from bis present ties and anxieties, might occur at any time. Constituencies have frequently given an unofficial bat ao less express leave ot ab sence to their representatives —it was with the full knowledge and coucurrence of bis constituents that Mr. Archer absented him self from Parliament for the whole of the last session. Bat it is not with such speculationa, but with the announcement of Mr. Murray's retirement that we have to deal, rhc retire ment of a member who in the space of a single Parliament did undoubtedly make his mark. Trained in the fine school ot local government, Mr. Murray entered Parliament with a wide knowledge of the needs of the colony, especially of the agricultural and pastoral interest?. Always assiduous in his attention lo his duties, he advocated what he belieTied to be for the cotonyV good -with un flinching courage. The belittling laugh, tbe contemptuous shrug/ the elaborate jeer at anything approaching enthusiasm, none of these things — to many men far more terrible than open attack — ever deterred Mr. Murray from standing by tbe opinion* bis judgment had formed. He stood to hie guns at all times, and never more uuucpiiaioosly than in the Separation debates of the Wt be**iou. The Eeverr Otaet* 'of Mr.'Patt3bon, fulloning su suddenly on the departure of Mr. Archer, left the Central members without the two leaders on whose judgment and experience they bad till then relied and if Mr. Murray had not stepped into the breach, the position of the Central Division . in the debates od the Constitution Bills .wonld have been exceedingly crave. From & .sense of public duty, Mr. Murray took up a d-fficuk task, and acquitted himself of it to the admiration, not only of his own consti tuents, but, broadly apeaking, of the constituencies of Central Queensland. There was no self-seeking in his action in that matter; indeed, when the fact is recalled that be was ofiered a. seat in the Cabinet formed by Sir & W. Griffith in 1S90, and declined because of a dread lest it might stifle his advocacy of Central Queensland interests, it would require no little courage to bring such a charge against Mr, Murray. If his services are to be lost to Central Queensland now, it will be a loss which we venture to think: will not soon cease to be felt. 'FnUertonialost :' So flashes the cable from England to the antipodes. Of course tbe souuiera hemisphere will »t once put on the requisite amount of gloom befitting the occasion, and inourn this great and irreparable loss. A few days and the wires are again called into requiaUion. '.FolLer&on; is found. ' Oh, joyful news, that which was lost is found, and tbe proverbial .feast will probably follow. But all chia must be Greek to most of our readers. ? To them the telegrams will appear as tnvet£xwoa aa the historical 'Take care of Dowb.' Who or what is Fnllerton ? many will ask. Fullerton is only a stray dog, but he is a famous courser, owned by no less a personage than tbe ' Nitrate King,' Colonel North. Seriously our readers snay.weB ask, why do we get aucb a piece. of news side by aide withantitem that may mean tbe disrup tion of an em§are ? However, ?* tbe doleful and glad news has coaic, and those who know nothing of FoUciton- raay he interested in learning ? some -particnlarB ipgamtiyng this canine wonder. In 1689, Fnllerton divided what is known as tfae English Waterloo (Coanong) Con, with his kennel mate Trottghend. . Had a -deciding teat been ron there seems lo have been liufc doubt but Fnllerton would luve won. right out. After Oj 18. for three year∈ Buocesaian— 1890-1-2— Fullerton won the Cap from alL competitoxa, spd aj*frjf*gfd an tuiprycfd^Titpd record, unite surpassing ihe doings, oi the. once-famous courser, .Master M*Gnufa. : This year Colonel North again entered FuUertoa for the Water loo Cap; bat, like the pi Lcber that goes once too often to the well, the greatest jcoursing dog -of all time was smashed— or mther -beaten— through an accident, and Colonel Uocth will have to be satisfied with liie {distinction. Jos favourite baa already attained. When FuUerton. was. lost it *ae not nnnatn rally eot rnucd that he had been stolen, -for be it marked. FuUerton is rained atsmnefiKMisands of pounds, hence, the outcry about .htm. It aeons, though, . the poor doggie- merely strayed, for the other day lie was found wandering about footsore -and -weary some where in Surrey,' and Jthe world wfll no doubt he thankful the record-maker is all right, except for his poor feet. This is a utilitarian *£*, and it is long aioce the light and beat of tbe son, and the auction of the tides, and uneocn forces of «'»*-''!», have been laid under contribution to the service of mankind. With, tt*-}infr* akin to ? horror, it most have been observed that ? even tfae spirits of. Che departed are not now permitted to enjoy that longed-for; rest, to which their wanderiDga inthis vale of tears were supposed to have .entitled them. . By what occult means the shades of our ancestors are called upon to bold intercourse with .their imper tinent descendants is beyond our ken;, bat, m the opinion of many people, sane «*n«ngh upon material subjects, that mch are available is not to be doubted. Indeed, it is becoming difficult to fancy all the facts they base tbeir belief on, We wonder if Shakespeare, when he called from the unseen abode of spirits the ghost of Hamlet's father, ever dreamt that be himself would revisit the glimpses of the moon. Notwithstanding his transcendent genius, ve cannot think that even be- could imagine his spirit would be at the call of some living man towards the close of. the nineteenth century. Yet this is the startling intelligence which comes to us from spiritualistic drcles Pcganus in harness is bat a light affair com pared with die immortal Bard of Avon, in his mighty spirit, tnniing up to tbe order of a modern Fans tuts. Whether the disembodied geuins will be equal to. that whose lofty thoughts Ifve and breathe in die volumes in our libraries remains to be seen. We do not anticipite it will, and thus the grot* offence of bringing Shakespeare into contempt will make the dating spiritualists deserving of the highest public reprobation. 