HAMLET. Last evening a fairly good audience at. tended to witness Mr. Walter Beotlcy'o im personation of the great Shakeoperiaa drama Hamlst. This is one of the plays of Shakespeare that are still frequently staged, and is a favourite both with the public and most leading adlors. Diverse interpretations of the psychological phenomena of this great effort of the master have commended themselves to different players and critioc. There is in psrtioulor mach diveseity of opinion as to whether Shakespeare's m~onina is best in. terpreted on the supposition that Hamlet was mad, ur that hbe had assumed insanity for the porpose of discovering and unmasking the crime of his uncle. Notwithstanding the number of times this performance i as been given in Goulburo, it is evident, from the manner in which it was appreciated last evening, that the piece has lost none of its charms; and the representa lion of the Prince of Denmark by Mr. Walter Blentley left nothing to be desired. His per formaneo was a remarkable one, embraoing a Oonderful amoont of dramatic force together with a perfectly clear interpretation of the reading. Throughout the part he never once faltered, and his rendition of the finer pas. Sagos invariably called forth outbursts of applaoso. The play is one of those in which the prin cipal character stands so for above his subordinates that but little remains to be said regarding them. Miss. Lilla Wilde made a good Ophelia, and was loudly applauded for the manner in which she enacted the mad sceon. As Polonius Mr. McGowan . gave valuable assistance, and took his part with a remarkable degree of merit. Miss Gladys Leigh made a good Queen, while Mr. H. 'Doglas was equally successful as the King. M. Albert Lucan took the part of Laertee, and Mr. E. Orio that of Horatio. Mr. F. Esnelton no the Ghost acted with dignity, although his voice locked the sepulchral tones b0hiot we have been accustomed to associate ith this charaotor. Mr. G. Thorn and Mr. . Faster assumed the role of gravediggers and carried out the parts efficiently. To-night the company appear for the lait time in the Scottish musical drama Bob Hoy. At the conclusion of to-night's performance Mr. Bentloy will bu entertained by tho Goal rn braneb of tbo Highland Society and -orns Club. 