0ox Sydney Letter. ,. (FROM ODB CORRESPONDENT;} ; '*'' The Premier's specchi-s at Penrjth fuel j&her-; deen have stirred up the . political^wprjd generally, .and members of tWr Legw'lKtlvi; ^Assembly- am mostly 'Opon the ? warpa^K. Addresses to. the ejectors arB.^e'oro^r^fiflfi! day, aud there ia ati opinion :jfl'; siw^judr'^ ters Uint betore the present yeMrAtefrto'lge: way be in tl-e midst of a- goheral;eleutiow;^ Sir George E-ibhs, ,iio dMnl;, Apoke'WltieV »b»n usual, but bis speeches have pleased- ifi one. .The Herald it diflapBpintea f jtb/a f$e graph says the only tiling £e pan-»Ut;piunejil! Brussels carpets ; tho JPwnin^ Areieii'decfirt*s that bis Peririth speech, has sealed 'his late; and that at Aberdeen, initead^ of providing (he Colony with bread, be offered it, a a^qne., The Star is, irtweverv the most severe,*-«Mi8tr it declares that he would not have Bpdke'n'^of Federation as he did if his mind, had hejjita: &s; big as liis 1-ody ; that unless- be l-ecoine» more decided upon the National policy than he appears to be at present, the ^Proujctiou ist Party will have to get another leader; and that the Aberdeen speech wais, in -its Sydney people shrug their shoulders as though, to surest that whoever, the coming man may be. Sir George is pretty well played out. Unfortunately for himself, the Premier has managed to pretty, well set all parties against him — except his colleagues in tits Miiijttry, and rumour has it that they are not on all points agreed. Protectionists are not satis fied with what is dublied the present mongrel tariff. They want to see a scientific proteo -tion introduced, that would give a real stim ulus to manufacturers. But Sir George holds out no hope of this. The Labour Party, jiave taken umbrage at the proposal to do away with Payment of Members. So he loses their support. The safer conrse in regard '. tfe; this would have been to -have prop-wed to reduce the salary to £150 per annum. .Toe Premier would tbea have, saved £20,000 for. the rev enue, and have made fewer foes.7 As for the. earmarking of revenue, and the proposedjios pital tax, tho more they are looked; into' the less favour are they ? receiving, 'Ahe 'former means, in the present Btate of finances, little more thau a bit of book-keeping, and -the lat ter proposal is beset Vitb 'dtfficnlUdS^-whfct possibly the Premier and hihcplleague's have not thoroughly forseen. When, (he Govern ment's proposed new policy, which they in tend to stand or fall by, comeiio be closely dissected, there is really very Jittle.in U. And Sir George Dibbs has managed ^o raise a general ferment,, which looks vacontmpnly like sending himself and his colleaguestto the country before their data Thef Democrats had an innings on Saturday night inthe new Masonic Hall, where, no doubt, the Premier would have preferred to have -spoken had there been any' prospect of his getting a^uiet hearing, but he knew better, and wisely made his speeches in the country. ... „? . The wet weather and the end of the month1 have combined to make things quieter dur ing the week in wholesale. businCss^circles. The increase in the Customs reveniiejB'o bit of blue in the sky, which MieC!olmnaJ^reas urer is hopefully calling our att*ntioh-to. ;No doubt there is at last a tangible iniprovement in business in Sydney. Not much. buVjiist enough to hold out encouragement.-/ 3Sie' re opening of the Banks, aad a percepj^bfe in clination on their part to guardedly Encour age trade, is making itself felt. There' is more buoyancy of feeling, and a healthier tone, which I am hopeful will prove1 to' be the beginning of better days for everybody. If the coal trade wob only in a more satisfac tory condition, things would mend more rap idly. Unfortunately, successive strikes have' dealt this a blow, from which it will not soon recover. The bulk of this trade with Amer ica has left us for Japan, I suppose the Japs have the advantage of cheaper and more reliable labour. At any rate they sell their coal to America at a lower Jjgnre, .and do not indulge in strikes. It is prett^y^ cer tain that the maritime strike is ottir.^aficJ probably betore this meets the.. eyes of your, readers, it will have been officially cleclaretf off. As I said in my last letter, it , was s, mistake; the men werp, ill-advised, aftd^jhe' times are too bad for strikes.- Thorecftrs thousands of men just now very willing to Work for 23s 4d a week and all found, . The news from .Brisbane' last Friday 7gj|^t: that an attempt had been made to bVwjYmp the A.U.8.N. Company's s.sjj Arainac wlilfc On a voyage from this port' jtt):: Bris^t^p, made a painful sensation. It was^ Jtuj^biibt,' a dastardly outrage. At midnight, wheoolE Point Lookout; a great explosion, was 4eardy- and smoke and flames were seen issiimg'froiir the forward companion-way... The fire-hose soon subdued the flames, when it was dis covered that the whole of th« fore cadin was wrecked. Fortunately the second cabin wts but partially, filled with passengers in the second saloon, or tli»rn must have l-een great loss of life. The intention of the miscreant, who placnd the dynamite charge, does not seem to hnve been to wreck the vessel alto gether, so much as to damage the ship, nnd make a scare. The escape of some' of the ludy passengers, who were thrown out of] their bunks by the explosion, was well-nigh j miraculous. This makes eight shipping dis asters within a fortnight, and all more or less unaccountable. No thoughtful person will suppose that any of them have been deliber ately planned and carried out by the Feder ated Seamen's Union, but if this sort of thing goes on, it will none the less damn the union in public opinion. The 'notice boards, warning intended passengers against possible' rfnngcrs at set, ehould st once !-r withdrawn, and nil that is possible should lie done by the union to discover the scoundrels who have endniigeren the- lives -oY innocent men and wonien upon the hish seas. /)- U r Talking of business reminds ifiej- ithBt' Am«?ican enterprise is to the fore just now ill Sydney. - Upon the coriieni of the splen did JM»* thoroughfare between George and Pitt jB. treats, mid facing the Owieral Post Office,' then* may tie seeii twogrtut buildings in'courm of erection, which, wheft'couipli-tMl, will be amongst the finest in the city. They are being put up for two rival American Life Insurance Companies, and tln-y certainly help to put a livelier aspect updii thiugsiti' the heart of the city these dull times. The Yankees evi dently helteVeintne futureoFSy'dne.y and New Saath Wales. Tlieymuatjinlaudandbuildingi together, be investing between them nearly half 'a 'million of money. The building in tiiorge-street, wliicti is now drawing near completion, -has a unique arch, spanning the front of thejliuilding, which for architectural eflect u - certainly unequalled in Australia. The building is of grey stone, and the idea of massive strength and grandeur is finely set forrh; The same Society, by the way, is put tfhfi up another splendid and expensive building in Collins Street, Meltraurhe.'; These American Assurance Companies have cer tainly come to stay. ^^Prob»bty there are not many of your n^dersi who 'have made a close study of TbeoBophy. The best idea that I had of it, until last Wednesday, wi»s that it was a new «%|Igi'.n of ghosts. But there has been sucli ?tisiir made .lately in Sydney, over Mrs. O-JK-per-0akley, arid . the Mohat-nas, and Adepts,' and Masters, whose head-quarters are said to be in Northern Thibet, that I w«nt ; to hear the lady lecture on Mndani BUvaUky and the Mabatmas in the New Masonic Hall, Gastlereagh-street. I Hoh't feiiow that 1 should have gone, but' that Stead of the Review of Reviews seums a bit gone on the subject, and you know we journ alists are rather clannish. Mrs. Cooper Oakley was well supported on the plat form, and had a good and attentive audi ence. She is evidently a well-educated woman, and a fair speaker, and stuck up -right well for her friend Madam Blavatsky, and the Mahatmas, whoever they are. ' 1 learnt that the Theosophical Society was to overlap everything, and lie the commence ment of a universal brotherhood of human ity, without distinction of race, creed or colour. Its principal object is to ' investi gate unexplained lawd of nature, and the physical powers latent in man.' The head quarters are at Adyar, a suburb of Madras, India. The Mahatmas, Adepts and Mas ters, are it is said, three kindB of spirit ual existences, or ghosts, who live princip ally in the most inaccessible part of Thibet. The aim of Theosophy seems to be to prove that spiritualism has a scientific basis of materialistic fact. Mrs. Cooper-Orkley said that all the great teachers of the world 'Confucius, Buddha, Josus Christ' were simply Adepts and Masters. But I could not follow her there. It was too general a sort of religion for my fancy. But somehow she has managed to get her self thoroughly well reported in the news pspere. ? - ? . ;T*o prominent ministers of the 'Presby terian Church have just died very suddenly. The Rev. JV W. Inglis of St. Andrews Church Parraniatta, -and the Rev. George Sutherland D.D., of the Castlereagh Street Church, Sydney. Both wero well-known And greatly esteemed. 