IVAS ff A GHOST THEY ¡SA W\ Mts. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 'Jil, Main Street, Rridgcport, and Miss Minino Parrot boards » it li ber. Tho house is au old one, but in good order. One night curly in December (1891) the two women lucked all the doors and went to tho theatre, leaving not a soul in thc house. They lui', tb« gas burning, however, in thc front; parlour. At about half-post eleven they returned, and entered thc house laughing and talking, lint aa they went into the parlour tko murry humour died out of them in a second, bight in the middle of thc room stood n dirk li..in of gigantic stature. Thc upper part of bis face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through tho eyeholes in it. His skirt-sleeves wore rolled up, and in une hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. Til« women fled screaming from thc mom, and when Mr. Jennings carno in five minutes later be found no ono in the parlour and all''thc doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? "During a recent period af ill-hvalMI," writes an American friend, "I had step* badly for several successive nights. On tho fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by irhal teemerl like the calling of »«>/ nome ; and at tho foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just us she looked live 'years before, os she was leaving homo to go on a journey, on whioh journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and tito local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seeu it since, and' it's moro than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nenes. Why, there's no end to the tricks tuc nerves will play off ou you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Faster, ot Darmrott Road, Pokcsdown, Hanfs, wrote us us follows:-*./ waa no dreadfully neruom I could not bear anyone iu the-room with me, yet I did not' wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889: I slept; very badly, anddn the ?norning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain is my head and over my eyes, and 1 was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach aud bowels felt cold and dead. Ry-and-by I had to lia helpless iu bcd. Thc doctor said fie didn't know what my complaint was. I' took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain evou that on my stomach. By this time I was uotliing but skin uud bone. M y memory completely failed. Hy head, ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when ono day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I .was taking! She told nie she »nu herself once just us badly oil', uud waa cured by Motlier Scigel's Curative Syrup. AB shu , seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I wai able lo walk serous the room, and by the ind of thc week I went downstairs. Now I uni us well . as ever. 1 can cat and digest my food; mid all my nervousness has left mc" Thc malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia mid nervous prostration. The original cause M as grief and shock ut thc violent death of hui- husliand, by accident, and thu syBtom rallied only when the Syrup had givuu new vigour to tits digestion and thus fed and toned tho nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of "tho Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visionB and sounds mein' nothing ?nore ur less than a set of nerves all upset "hy Indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts comb from thc inside of tho person who sous them,'1 hud when Mother Scigcl's Syrup docs it« work the eyes and ears ontcriain only what is natural and wholesome. 