Holy Trinity Church, Lochinvar. CONSECRATION OF THE NEW BUILDING. On Thursday afternoon the new building erected at Lochinvar for the Church of the Holy Trinity was consecrated by the Lord Bishop of Newcastle, in the presence of a large congregation, inoluding many visitors from Maitland. The clergymen present, including the Bishop and the incumbent of Lochinvar, the Rev. Walter Tollis, wer» the Ven. Archdeacons Tyrrell and White, Canons B. E. Shaw, Simm and Goddard, Revs. John Shaw, W. H. H. Yarlington, E. A. Anderson, F. D. Bode, and P. J. Simpson. The Dean of Newcastle sent an apology for non- attendance, he being obliged to go to Sydney, and he forwarded a cheque. No finer day could have been chosen for the ceremony : it was sunny, cool, with a pleasant breeze blowing, and every detail of the beautiful landscape of which Lochinvar is the centre stood out in the clear pure air. Previous to the service in the church, the visitors and congregation were entertained at luncheon in the old church building, the Rev. W. Tollis presiding. The proceedings were attended with no formality and no toasts were proposed. But the Bishop took occasion to say a few words in commendation of the zeal of the incumbent of Lochinvar and of the hearty co-operation with him of his parishioners qualities to which the erection of the new church and the possibility of its consecration that day were duo. His Lordship also, on behalf of the visitors, thanked the Rev. Mr. Tollis and the ladies of the congregation for the entertainment they had given them. The Rev. W. Tollis said a few words in reply, testifying to the hearty co-operation 'with him and liberality of the parishioners of Lochinvar, which had been exhibited not only in working to- gether and in generous gifts to the building fund, but in preparing that luncheon, which was entirely the work of the ladies. He especially acknowledged the help g'ven to the work of the church building by St. Mary's, WeBt Maitland. A more sumptuous spread, it may be mentioned, could scarcely have been provided. The profusion and excellence of the provisions and the manner in which the tables were adorned and served we must say did the greatest credit to the fair hosts. The consecration service began by the Bishop, clergy, and choir proceeding to the west door of the church reciting Ps. xxiv., Domini est terra. On arrival of the door, the Bishop was met by the incumbent, wardenB, and Parochial Council, who pre- sented a petition asking that the church should be consecrated. The Bishop having consented, the procession entered the church, singing with the congregation the hymn "The Church's One Foundation." The consecration service then went on, a shortened form of evening service being incorporated. The proper Psalm was Ps. 122. The Rev. Canon Pimm read the first leeson from II. Chron , parts of vi. and vii., and the Rev. Canon Shaw the second lesson : Ephesians ii., 11-22. The anthem was "What are these arrayed in white ?" And here it may be said that the choir, helped by visitors from St. Mary's, West Maitland, acquitted itself admirably throughout the service. The preacher of the day was the BISHOP, who said the concluding words of the second lesson, " In whom (that was in Christ Jesus) ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit" suggested a subject. The writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews, he went on to point out, had allowed his readers to understand that the temple erected by Solomon was to be regarded as a Bplendid object lesson in the school of Christ, that it was an outward and visible sign of spiritual and unseen realities, that it was a shadow'of things to come, that it was, so to speak, a working model based on things seen and temporal, suggestive of things unseen and eter- nal. The very beauty of its form, the variety of its materials, the detail and splendour of its ritual, all had counterparts in the Christian dispensation. Childhood was the time of life when men are best informed and instructed by means of pictures and material objects. But as education advances, and as time and life proceed, these helps are laid aside and withdrawn. So it was found that in the New Testament, while there waa a recognition of the beauty and grandeur of the material structure of the Temple, that beauty and grandeur were used to remind us that we ourselves are temples of fcho Holy Ghost "In whom ye also are builded together for au habitation of God through the spirit;" "Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost." Just as a statue before it is unveiled, exhibits something of its figure and of its dimensions through the envelope, but when the veil is withdrawn the true proportions are revealed, so it was in the case of the old dispensation. It was a veil which covered the real, the spiritual Temple of living souls. Sometimes it was asked why they built churches amd why they endowed churches with architectural beauty. Why would not any building suffice, it was said, with four walls and a flat roof. Certainly any building would suffice, so far as God's indwell- ing with us went. Such a building would suffice, but as long as we are in the body, our ? senses have a vast, deal to do with and influence over our ideas'and emotions. Thus it was that we discovered in certain external objects a sense of eongruity, of fitness, of adaptation. And thus it came about that the divine element within us had in every age and among all sorts and con- ditions ot men clothed itself with something of architectural beauty, and so it was that church buildings in their structure and their form were made suggestive of their purpose. It was because we were conscious of how the natural expresses the spiritual, that we build our churches in a manner comely, proportioned in their architecture, and their whole aspect appropriate as clothing in a fitting way the divine invisible spirit within. How apparent that was in many ways. For example, the variety of materials of which a church was com- posed-had not that variety its counterpart in the living spiritual temple, the congregation ? That congregation was of a composite character : rich and poor, young and old, met together, and the Lord was the Maker of them all. The varied elements in the congregation made its beauty-there was no classicism, neither was there any revolutionary spirit in itj but on the contrary a Bpirit distinctly conservative in its action. But, just as the sunshine outside was bathing every part of the lovely landscape, so the Spirit of the living God poured upon the varied elements of the congrega- tion and gilded it with the divine beauty. Th°a secondly the unity of the design in the church was suggestive also of the spiritual reality. The archi- tect had some leading idea, had adopted a govern- ing principle, had obeyed some law of architecture, which he had studiously carried out. So it wasin the spiritual temple,-there was in its_ structure some leading idea, some governing principle-namely, that Christ was dwelling in it for the glory of God in the sanctification of souls. Again, the mutual [ support and dependence of all parts and pieces ia the material building was suggestive of a spiritual reality. Everything in the building depended upon everything else. Everything contributed to the strength of the edifice-remove a part or piece and the whole was weakened. Had they not heard about bearing one another's burdens, and so fulfilling the law of Christ. The spiritual building was supported by the mutual help of its components in obedience to the law of Christ : juBt like marble in which various materials compacted together by pressure a congregation was a body which by mutual support was made strong. The compactness and solidity of the material building had therefore its spiritual counterpart-by the fitting together and dovetailing of every part the whole became compact and strong. They knew what the material building was - how, safe within it they heard without alarm the tempest's rage and the wind's wrath. The building was sturdy they knew to resist all shocks. And would they not also realise the strength of the spiritual building if they knew that the congrega- tion was so compact, so solid in spiritual strength, with such an entire absence in it of anything like crack or rent, that an unity of mind and effort combined them all. Surely they might say " Happy is the people which is in such a casej yea, j blessed is the Church in which such a spiritual | unity operates : fit it is to be the habitation of God. They remembered how in the final verses of the wonderful First Lesson of that day it was said that the Glory of the Lord filled the Temple, so_ that the priests themselves could not stand against it. Was not that a picture, an outward and visible symbol of what he trusted and verily believed had come into that place and had made it in very deed a habitation of God. That waa a wonderful mystery-the indwelling of the Holy Ghost 1 " Ï will dwell in them,'* and then with almost a farcing of the figure "and I will walk in them." "Thou, Father art in me and I am in them, that they may be all ia us." God indwelling ia our hearts, our wills ' our thoughts, our affections-of course that was diffl cult to understand and to explain, »lfchtvgh it was by no moans difficult to experience. Some of the marvellous phenomena of modern psychology might hehp them to understand this indwelling of the Spirit. It was known that if one mind would con- sent to subject itself to another mind, would put itself in subordination to that other, and if that other mind were the stronger, it had the power of injecting itself into the subject mind, of controlling its will and its emotions, of guiding ita actions-of forcing it to acknowledge a master. Was it not conceivable that in this way the great mind of the Eternal Father can ant upon ourselves, put into our minds good desires, and control our emotions and feelings ? And if He so act upon individuals would He not act on a church, a collection of indi- viduals, on a larger scale ? Our Lord seemed to recognise the force of numbers. " If any two of ysu agree upon what ye shall ask, it shall be done unto them." " Where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them." They could understand how this indwelling would act on the subject minds coming all together in the church-how the spiritual power was intensified and accumulated by the associa- tion of those upon whom the influence was exerted. And how ought that congregation to act ? It should take the attitude of expectancy. He trusted that the church had now started on a new stage of ita life, and he hoped that would prove to be a place where God was so visibly working among them that they would be con- spicuous in the community. They must listen to i God's voice in the congregation ; they must be very I attentive when He speaks. Somo idea would start in the mind of a churchman, a plan or purpose, a new scheme-they wanted something new in the church-and thus God would announce Himself. It was by the suggestion of new methods that God would quicken the work of the church, and so the heart of the dear brother who ministered in that parish and those who had helped him by their warm hearts and loving sympathy would be cheered. The place would become a spiritual factory of God's instruments and implements, and the whole of the parish and the neighbourhood would feel the power of God's residence there. Might they all realise that, he said ¡ all who were visitors there rejoiced with that congregation ; they trusted that their prayers would be realised for the immediate out- pouring and a constantly increasing flow of the Kiver of the Water of Life, the Spirit of the Living God. A collection was then made in aid of the fund to discharge the dejbt for seat- ing the church, and nearly £50 was sub- scribed. The incumbent, in the oourse of the service, intimated that on Sunday (to-morrow) three services would be held in the church: one in the morning and on* in the after- noon, at which the preacher would be the Bishop, and one in the evening-preacher the Ven. Archdeacon Tyrrell. Collections would be for the fund already mentioned, the building of course being wholly out of debt. The service was concluded by tho Episcopal benediction. Following is a description of the church : -The building consists of a nave 41ft. long by 23ft. Gin. wide with a chancel 12ft. 6in. deep, having an ap sidal termination. On the north east corner are placed the organ chamber and vestry, respectively 14ft. Gin. x 10ft. and 14ft. Gin. x »ft., also with an ap sidal finish, and with an arched opening from the for- mer into the nave. At the south-west corner is placed the porch, 8ft. Gin. x 7ft. The base course through- out is in stone, hammer-dressed in coursed work, with all cilia and buttress weatherings in chiselled work. The walls inside and out are built with wire-cnt yellow bricks, with red brick dressings, strings, etc., having moulded and champared red bricks to all arched openings. The walls are finished with a corbel table, in which pressed brick with j tooth ornament is introduced. The style used is of the Lamcet period. The apse is lighted by three two light openings, the nave with five single ditto and by large two- light'openings, with a bull's |eyo over in the weat end, over which comes a three-light louvred opening, the head of which is the top stone. The roof is open timbered, covered with boarding and Bangor slates, and' is surmounted with a pic- turesque octagonal boll turret, louvred, the apaes having above them ornamental finíala and ventila lators. The chancel is tiled, and the windows are filled with tinted cathedral glass. The windows in the chancel are all memorial, and are OB the way from England, white glass being placed temporarily in the openings. The donors are Mr. S. Clift, junior, one ; Mrs. Tollis, one ; Mrs. S. Capp, one ; Messrs. Doyle Brothers, two. A handsome painted reredos, the gift of Messrs. Doyle Brothers adorns the chancel, but is rather out of sight, and might with advantage be lifted. Two handBomely-carved oak chairs are in the chance!, Miss Winder's gift ; the lectern, also of carved oak, ¡B the donation of Mr. Walter Green. The following are other gifts : S. and M. Tuckey, kneeling stools j Messrs. Wolfe, Gorrick, and Co., braBs bonk desks ; a Sydney lady, vasas ; Mrs. Joseph Clift, a carpet and kneeling cushions ; Mrs. M. Capp, cloth for holy table ; Dr. Walker, prayer book ; Mrs. Walker, communion ser- vice book ; Messrs. Capper ana Sons, brass rod for organ chamber j Mr. James Kerr, blue cashmere curtain; Messrs. D. Cohen and Co., oilcloth for aisles; the Sunday School and Messrs. Brackley Brothers, stone font ; the Eev. W. H. H. Yarring ton and Mr. John Rourke, tiling for entrance to chancel ; the DioceBan Book Depot, bible for lec- tern, Mr. E, King gave a gate for the main en- trance, and Mr. Brown a gate for the side entrance. The ground on which the church is built is the gift of Mr. Joseph Clift, but £5 was contributed by Mr. Brown for the same purpose. We understand that while the parishioners generally have given freely according to their means, Mr. J. Clift and Mr. Jas. Doyle have borne the chief cost of the new church, say between £1500 and £1800 altogether. The seating of Kauri pine, is the work of Messrs, Norman and Sons of West Maitland, and all other internal woodwork mentioned among the gifts, was theirs also. Mr, Jas, Richardson execnted the brick work and Mr. Noad of East Maitland the roof, theBe having been separate con- tracts, undertaken as the means of thebmilding com- mittee enabled them to proceed. Mr. A. C. Leo was the architect, and received on Thursday encomium" on every hand for having designed a building comely within and without. One special feature of the edifice is the finish of every part ; there is nothing commonplace or shabby ; the ornamentation is as elaborate as the means at the disposal of the architect would allow ; and the workmanship throughout is as praiseworthy as the design. Holy Trinity new church ia a pretty addition to the Lochinvar landscape, and will win the admiration of all who traverse the Great Northern road. The chief stone was laid hy Dean Selwyn, then Adminis- trator of, the diocese, on December 2, 1890, and the Bishop laid the top stone on May 29, 1891. The church will seat about 185 people. 