ALL ALONG THE D' By MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Venetians, or All in Honor," "Aurora "Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Just as I Am," "Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Weft," &o.;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter III,—( Continued. J She had spoken impetuously, fancying that there was some slight towards her absent hus band in Miss Crowther's speech. Her flash of anger made a break in the conversation and nothing more was sajd about her going or not going to the hunt ball. They talked of that entertainment in the abstract—discussed the floor, the lighting, the band, and the great people who might be induced to appear if the proper pressure were put upon them. "There is plenty of time," said Lostwithiel, "between now and the twentieth of December —nearly three weeks. Time for you and your sister to get new frock3 from London or Paris, Miss Crowther. You mean having new.frocks, I suppose 5" " One generally does have a new frock for a dance," replied Belinda, " though the fashions this winter are so completely odiou3 that I would much rather appear in a gown of my great-grandmother's." Lostwithiel smiled his slow secret smile high up in the fainter firelight. He was reflecting upon his notion of Miss Crowther's great grandmother in linsey- wolsey with a lavender print apron, a costume that would be hardly impressive at a hunt ball. He did not give the young lady credit for a great-grandmother from a society point of view. There was the mother yonder—inoffensive respectability—the grand mother would be humbler—and the great grandmother he imagined at the wash-tub or cooking the noontide meal for an artisan hus band. He had never yet realised the idea of numerous generations of middle-class life upon the same plane, the same dead level of pros perous commerce. Isola rose to take leave, after having let her tea get cold and dropped half her cake on the Persian rug. She felt shyer in that house than in any other. She had a feeling that there she was weighed in the balance and found want ing; that unfriendly eyes were scrutinising her gloves and hat and appraising her features and complexion. She felt herself insignificant, colorless, insipid beside that brilliant Miss Crowther, with her vivid beauty and her self assured airs and graces. Tabitha urged her to be of good heart when she hinted at these feelings. "Why, Lord have mercy upon us, madam, however grand they may all look, it's nothing but wool — only wool—and I heard there used to be a good deal of cotton mixed with it after this Mr. Crowther came into the busi ness." The dusk wa3 thickening as she'went along the short avenue which led to the /gates. Mr. Crowther, having built his house in a wood, had been able to cut himself out a carriage drive, which gave him an avenue of more than two centuries growth, and thus imparted an air of spurious antiquity to his demesne. He felt as he looked at the massive boles of these old Spanish ehesnubs as if he had belonged to the soil since the Commonwealth. Even the lodge was an important building, Tudor on one side and monastic on the other, with that agreeable hodge-podge of styles which the modern architect loveth. It was a better house than the curate lived in, as he often told Miss Crowther. Isola quickened her pace outside that solemn gateway and seemed to breathe more freely. She hurried even faster at the sound of a foot step behind her, though there was no need for nervous apprehensions at that early hour in the November evening on the_ high road between Fowey and Treiasco. Did she know that firm quick footfall, or was it an instinctive avoidance of an unknown danger which made her hurry on till her heart began to beat stormily and her breath came in short gasps ? " My dear Mrs. Disney, do you usually walk as if for a wager ?" asked a voice behind her. " I can generally get over the ground pretty fast, but it was as much as I could do to over take you without running." He" was not breathless, however. His tones were firm and tranquil. It was she who could hardly speak. " I'm afraid I am very late," she answered nervously. " Eor what? For afternoon tea by your own fireside? Have you anybody waiting for you at the Angler's Rest that you should be in 3uch a hurry to get home ?" "No, there is no one waiting except Tabitha. I expect no one." "Then why walk yourself into a fever?" "Tabitha gets fidgety if I am out after dusk." "Then let Tabitha fidget! It will be good for her liver. Those adipose people require small worries now and again to keep them in health. You mustn't overpace yourself to oblige Tabitha." She had slackened her pace and he was walk ing by her sid3, looking down at her from that superb altitude which gave him an unfair advantage. How could she escape those searching glances ? She knew that her way home was his way home, so far as the bend of the road which led away from the river; and to avoid him for the intervening distance would have been difficult. She must submit to his company on the road or make a greater effort than it was in her nature to make. "You mean to go to this ball, don't you ?" he asked earnestly. " I think not." " Oh, but pray do. Why should you shut yourself from all the pleasures of this world and live like a nun always? You might surely make just one exception for sucn a grand event as the hunt ball. You have no idea how much we all think of it hereabouts. Remember, is will be the first public dance we have had at Lostwithiel for ever so many years. You will see family diamonds enough to make you fancy you are at St. James's. Do you think Major Disney would dislike your having just one evening's dissipation?" _ " Oh, no, he would not mind. He is only too kind and indulgent. He would have liked me to spend the winter with my sister in Hans place. where there would have been gaieties of all kinds, but I don't want to go into society while Martin is away. It would not make me happy." "But if it made someone else happy—if it made other people happy to see you there ?" "Oh, but it would not matter to anybody. I am a stranger in the land. People are only kind to me for my husband's sake." "Your modesty becomes you as the dew becomes a rose. I won't gainsay you—only be sure you will be missed if you don't go to the ball. And if you do go—well, it will be an opportunity of making nice friends. It will be your debut in county sooiety." "Without my husband? Please don't say any more about it, Lord Lostwithiel. I had much rather stay at home." He changed the conversation instantly, ask ing her what she thought of Glenaveril. "I think the situation most lovely." " Yes, there we are all agreed. Mr. Crowther had the good taste to find a charming site and the bad caste to erect an archicec ural mons trosity, a chimera in red brick. There was a grange once in the heart of that wood, and the Crowthers have the advantage of acorns and chesnuts that sowed themselves while the sleepy old monks were telling their beads. How do you like Miss Crowther?" "I hardly know her well enough to like or dislike her. She is very handsome." " So was Rubens's wife, Helena Forman ; but what would one do in a world peopled with Helena Formans? There are galleries in Autwerp which no man should enter without smoke-colored spectacles if he would avoid being blinded by a blaze of red-haired beauty. I am told that the Miss Crowthers will have at least a million of money between them in days to come and that they , are destined to make great matches. Perhaps we shall see some of their soupiranis at the ball. Since the decay of the landed interest the chasse aux dots has become fiercer than of old." This seemed to come strangely from him who had already been talked .of as a possible candidate for one of the Miss Crowthers. It would be such a particularly suitable match, Mrs. Baynham, the doctor's wife, had told Isola. What could his lordship look for be yond a fine fortune and a handsome wife? "They would make such a splendid pair," said Airs. Baynham, talking of them as if they were carriage horses. Mrs. Disney and her companion crossed a narrow meadow from the high road to the river-path which wa3 the nearest way to tha Angler's Nest. The river went, rippling by under the gathering grey of the November evening. On their right hand there was the gloom of dark woods, and from the meadow on their left rose a thick white mist like a sea that threatened to swallow them in its phantasmal tide. The sound of distant oars dipping with rhythmical measure was the only sound exoept their own voices. Did that three-quarters of a mile seem longer or shorter than usual? Isola hardly knew, but when she saw the lights shining in Tabitha's kitchen and the fire-glow in the drawing-room Rho was glad with the gladnes3 of one who escapes from some fancied danger of ghosts or goblins. Lostwithiel detained her at the gate. ■ "Good-night," he said, "good-night. You will change your mind, won't you, Mrs. Disney? It is not in one so gentle as you to be inflexible about such a trifle. Sav that vou will honor our ball." She drew herself up a little, as if in protest against his pertinacity. "I really cannot understand why you should care whether I go or stay away," she said.eoldly. " Oh, but I do care. It ia childish perhaps on my part, but I do care; I care tremen' dously; more than I have cared about any thing for a long time. It is so small a thing on your part—it means so much for me. Say you will be there." "Is that you, ma'am asked Tabitba's pleasant voice, while Tabitba's substantial soles made themselves audible upon the gravel path. "I was beginning to get fidgety about you." " Good night," said Isola shortly, as she passed through the little gate. It swung to behind her and she vanished among the laurels and arbutus. He heard her voice and Tabitha's as they walked towards the house in friendly conversation, mistress and maid. There was a great overblown Dijon rose nod ding its heavy head over the fence. Hoses linger so late in that soft western air. Lost withiel plucked the flower and pulled off its petals one by one as he walked towards the village street. " Will she go—will she stay—go—stay—go —stay ?" he muttered as the petals fluttered to the ground. " Go! Yes, of course she will go," he said to himself as the last leaf fell. " Does it need ghost from the grave or rose from the garden to tell me that't" (To le continued.) 