WAS KC A. -5HOST THEY SAW? Mbs. M. B. iKsvttma lives at No. 211, Mario Street, Bridgeport, and Hiss Minnie Parrot 'boards trith her. The home is «n old one, but in good order, Wire ttSgirt early in December T1891) the two women locked all tfie door* and went to tbe theatre, leaving 'not % soul in tbe boufte- Thev5eft*heitas feardine. however, in the front parlor. At tbmtt half-past «leven they returned, unfl entered the bouse laughing 'and talking. But as they went into the iparlonr the worry humour dies out of them in a -second. Right in Hie middle df t!he room stool a &&rk; man of gigantic stature. The tipper part of his face was concealed 'by a tnnsV, this eyes gleaming through the eyehdles'iniit. His shtrt-sleeres were Tolled up, anfi in one band he 'Carried « long, old-faslvioned pistol. The women ted ?screaming from the room, 'and wlies Mr, -Jennings oaroe in five minutes later lie ftmnfl no one in the parloor and all the doors and Win&crtrs; securely locked. What was it the women saw? ' During a 'recent 'period of ill Health,'' writes an American friend, 'I had -slept Wdly for -several successive nights. -9n 'the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my ?name'; and at the foot of the bed stood the 'image df my mother justasshe 'looked five years before, as«he was leaving home: to go on a journey, on winch (journey she was killed in a railway disaster I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enrtugh 'to tell of it, and the local old women-gossips said it was a-summons and I would never get well. Vet I did, and am in pef'fect health note. 1 believe that vision ?came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.' No doubt 'it was ;f!he fieYve*. Why, there's no end to 'the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your syat«m is out of condition. 5n March, 1890;, 'it. was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracutt Road, 'Pokesdown, Bants, wrote us as follows:— 'T was so dreadfully nenntrs I could not bear anyone in the room With me, yet i did not Wish them far nwny in case I should call out for help. This Wob in June, 1889. I slept very badly, -and In the morning felt little the better for 'hairing 'gone 'to bed. There was often a severe ptf in 'in my head and werniysyes, and I tons 'sick most of the 'time. My skin wsi-3 dry and yeiloV.-, and the 'stomach and 'bowels feltcold and dead. By-and-'by I had to tie helpless »i *-cd. The doUtrfr laid 'he didn't know Avhat my com'plairit was. -I took nothing but ;liquid 'food, and could not retain oven that on ray stomach. By this time 1 was nothing 'but iik:in rtiifl bone, ity niembri/ crithpietely 'failed. My head ached so dreadfully 1 thdiight i should lose my senBet«, Und my friends agreed that I would never get better. ''I had given up all hope, ?when one day Mrs. West, df Bournemouth, 'called tod Raked what I win taking. She tola me-Bhe WSB herself once rjuBt as badly off, and whs -cured by Mother Seigel'e Cura tive Syrup. As she 'seemed to hove no mud) faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I trais -able to Wlk across the room, and by tbe erid of the week I went downstairs. Now 1 am kb wed 'OB ever. I can eat and digest tny food, aftd all my norvouBueiss ha« left me-' u. The malady Mrs. Foster buffered Ifrom was indigestion and dyspepsia aitd tieVvoro 'prostrutton. The 'driginal daiiBe was grirf and Bhnck tft the Violent death of ttfr innbsnd, by accident, a»3 the fcysteWi TalHed orfy whefc thfe Syrop hafl given new vigour 'to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may te .your opinion of tbe Bridgeport ehoBl, it remains true that most uncanny Visions mnS sounds *nean nothing More or iess than -a, «et of nerves all 'upset t-y indigestion «nd dyspepsia. ?Ghofcte come from the inrfide of the fpersob who sees tfeera, «fid Vheu Mother Seigel's Syrup 'dues its work the -eyeS and ears 'entertain only what is natural and whule 'soine. 