BEEVITIES. It was discovered this morning that during last night -the tobacconist's shop of Mr. George Ealph, Church-street, Parraniatta, was broken into, and about £6 worth, of cigars stolen. No money, tobacco, or pipes were taken. . ' A seaman named Thomas Barker wasi'from the Water Police Court this morning, remanded, to be dealt with by the Byron Bay authorities, on the charge of the larceny as a bailie of a silver watch and chain, belonging to Nbrberfc Silver. ; At 9 o'clock this morning fine weather was reported throughout, the colony. The sea along the coast was from smooth to moderate. A lad of 15 named James Monaghan was, at the Water Police Court this morning, remanded until Tuesday morning, to be detained in the cells at No. 3 Station, on a charge of 'wandering about the streets in no' lawful occupation. I Ae iiie Water Police Court this morning James j Cullon, 31, was remanded until Wednesday on j charges of having entered a bedroom in the i P. a,ud O. l^el, Lower George-street, and stolen j 3s 8d iherefrcnx belonging to Gustave Wegmund, and having ussaulted the latter. ? ilessrs. Sleath, Ferguson, and Pollinghorn ad- j dressed a public meeting in the Temperance. HaH, j Young, last night. They urged the labor classes ] to select & man of tlioir own. class as representa tive for the district in the . House, to stick to him, and return him. A vote of thanks was passed to tiie speakers. As will be seen from our business columns, j Messrs. George Eobertson and Company's federa- { i.ion packet of G8 beautiful Christmas and New I Year cards is' still on sale at their establishment in George-street, with many other articles suit- I able for presents, &c;, at this festive season. j The Dampier, Dramatic Company, who so long j held the boards at the Sydney Theatre Eoyal, j are now en. route for Eockhampton (Q.), where i they open on Boxing night for a season. Through- j I out the tour, so far, business is reported as being ] good. . At a meeting held under the auspices of the Mosquito Club, at Wentworth Park Hotel, Ultimo, Mr. Hawkins moved, ?' That in the opinion of this meeting the Mosquito Club is quite justified in taking action to protest against the wrongful decision of a stipendiary magistrate in a public court of justiee by not hearing the defence of a man, who was brutally assaulted at ! tbe late politi'^al gathering at the Prot33tant ! Hull.' Mr. James M'Lurkin seconded it, and Mr. I J. Campbell supported it at length. The motion i I was pnt p-n-i declared carried unanimously. Mr. j I Davis moved, 'That this meeting approves of the Mosquito Club sending a deputation to inter I view the Minister for Justice on the above sub ject.' Mr. C.- Stephen seconded the motion, which was put and carried unanimously. Messrs. Hardie and Gorman give the total business done in real estate for the year 1893, taken from sains reported, as about .£950,000, made up as follows : City property, .£225,000 ; country property, £225,000; residences, terraces, and investments, £2-30,000; suburban land, £250,000; total, £930,000. The distribution of prizes amongst the pupils at the Carcoar. convent took place on Thursday. Dr. Byrne, the Boman Catholic Bishop of Bathurst, presented the prizes. Alderman Creedon has been appointed Mayor of Broken Hill in succession' to Alderman Martin. ? ' A telegram from Eichmond states the Eev. James ELnghorn and Mr. W. Mitchell have been selected as delegates to the Presbyterian Federal Assembly, which will sit in Melbourne about the ! middle of 1894. j An enjoyable entertainment was given in the ; schoolroom of the Congregational Church, Mar | rickville, last evening. Mr. Jackson recited j ' Marley's Ghost,' illustrated by limelight views, I which were excellently rendered, being applauded !. at intervals. Songs, &c;, were also gone through by Mrs. Jackson. Mr. John Hartge, an old and much-respected resident of Liverpool, died on Friday. ' Seven tons of butter were sent from Goulbuxn to Darling Harbor on Thursday last. James Beard, a chemist at Nagatnbie (Vic), was drowned in a lagoon on Friday while duck shoot ing in a canoe. On September 30 the population of Victoria was 1,171,185, of which 606,752 were males and 564,433 females. A young man named * Arthur Tcwnsend was accidentally shot in the shoulder at Warrackna beal ( Vic.) on Friday, by the discharge of his gun, caused by a horse starting^ Townsend was seated in a buggy at the time with the gun between his knees. The Customs receipts on- Friday amounted to £5550.' ' -' ' — ?''' '' '?; Friday night being the occasion of the official opening of the gas works at Glen limes, the main j street was full of people. The 3ccal band paraded j the town at 8 o'clock^ and Miss Sachs, the Mayor's ' daughter, lit the first, lamp. A banquet at the Town Hall followed. Water has been struck in -Ehe Telonion wool shed bore, near Hughenden, at a depth of 600ft. August Holburn, a blacksmith residing at EoseTvood (Q.), has madea claim for £300 against 'the Queensland Eailway Commissioners for com pensation for injuries received in the .recent railway accident at Corlnda. ? The secretary of the National Association (Mr. W. Bpps) states that the new electoral lists can be inspected at the offices of the association, 23 Hmv.er- street, Sydney, where all information can j be readily obtained. Persons whose names are j omitted- from the new electoral rolls cannot vote at the forthcoming elections, and applications to have names inserted or errors rectified must be made on or before January fi. ? . *, A Geeat Litro Sale. — ;Mr. E. C. V. Brough ton, the well-known auctioneer of 301 Pitt-street, will hold an important land sale at Hurstville on Boxing Day. The land tq be offered comprises 200 splendid lots on a beautiful hill, opposite the public school, on the Forest-TOad, overlooking Botany Bay, Eandwick, Waverley, &c.; As the -estate has , been pur chased at a - very low figure, it will be sold at prices that are°siEiply staggering when compared -Kith j prices that were paid in boom ? times. Another j important .feature In, Connection with the sale is the fact that the vendors are prepared to accept bank deposits at face value, handing back any difference in cash. Special trains will ran all day to the sale. .-?./'? ? A Christmas tree and sale of work in aid of the funds of the Baptist; Church, Marrjckville, was held in the church last eyeniiig. The room was well 'decoratecL,^ih ferns, &c.; . -The . fair, was opened by MrsfWilliam White, and shortly after wards the stallholders were busily engaged in dis posing of their wares, which ^consisted of all kinds of useful and 'ornamental ar'icles. The following ladies and getitlemen had charge of the stalls: Mesciames M'Mahon, Boyle, James,- Morris, and : Misses M'Mahon, Hyde,* Stead, Ko^ers, and Eev. ] Mr. Boyle. : Eefreshments were .provided during j the evening,* The fair will also' . be open this afternoon and evening. . ? : . . The Minist&r.for; Works (Btr.iLyne) was inter viewed yesterday by a, number of contrac tors with ? regard to the.; new^_ conditions laid down- .in the ..-. public ,. works con ' tracts. - The .Minister explained the conditions under which it is intended that workmen already in the country shall be. ^mplojedja preference to bringing large numbers M meirfrpm the other colonies. It is the intention of the Minister to deal only with any special influx, and he .does not intend to interfere in any, way withtiie -Tr3inary traffic of labor from'itlie other xolb^^iiW^thjiseg^rd to the question , of 'sub-leiting --f ; contracts', Mr. Lyue stated that he could not see his 'way clear to interfere with' this, «.s 'it wa§ ^necessary in large contracis-^say ;fdr- Jiu^itlr^jU.jof thousand^ of pounds— for the contractor ^tojiave a dimretioiriary power in the, matter. of' suti-liiitihg pbrtibns of them to those &ble;',te'.:teBii^'P'at:'.^-Qcial-'w^rks. TJie.\cpntractors expressed tueaiselyes satisfied with the contracts and . the eXpliuiatiori giv^n by #ie MiniBteiv. : . .. '-?'??'? ???'-rAx ?. ? .' '. ' ?- *Ta.ttersall-*6 itxe the only jrennine aaoceesful consnl- j tatioiis MideuaunorrBtandifaiiiS -aoS, Summer Cap 4w»d JCarringtpn 10 «ticlur7 Apply care .Geo. Adams, \ XeJeipraph CbiniWrs, Jirisbtbo.^. : - ? - '' i .That inagniflcent nstatc o j;pr-siti» the pub:io pchool, ?Htirirtivilii.-M-fbrBBle, at ?*, ou liosinp .Uay, «.y K. _O. Y, Broujhton, 'at sia.ctifioe prices, ? Uank deposits taken, and.anr fiiEcreiii.8 uaid in oaaV— 8. _ 