FESTIVAL OF TRINITY SUNDAY. On Sunday last the BeV. G. N. MacDonucll preached the following sermon in Christ- Cliurcli on tljQ subject of the Trinity, faking his text, from Numbers, Gth chap. tli, 25tli, and 26ill verges: "Tho Lord bless thee and. keep thee ; the Lord make His face to shine upon thco ; the Lord life up the light of Hi« couutenaiico upon tlicc, and give tlioo peace." The festival of Trinity Sunday is, said tho preacher, of comparatively rcccnfc institu tion. : One Liitiu writer ascribes its institu tion to Gregory tho Great. The word Trinity is first applied to tho Godhead by Tlieophilins of Antioeli, about the year 170. Tho expediency of the festival, and tho appropriateness of the day set apart for it, can scarcely be questioned: Underlying dangerous errors of our own day,''we still recognise, existing with undiminished strength, the two opposite tendencies, either to exult the unity of .the Godhead apart from the Trinity, or the Trinity apart from the Unity; so our collect for to-day (one of the most ancient in the prayer book) clearly confesses tho doctrine of the Trinity in Unity, and tho Unity in Trinity, and prays that wo muy be kept steadfast iti this iaitli; while the lesson*, epistle, and gospel, all have special reference to the great truth, iiishop Lightfoot points out that Trinity Sundaj' differs from other chinch festivals, because they commemorate facta; while it commemorates a doctiine, and that doctrine is not a mere speculative opinion, hut a living, practical truth ; and let us remember that our power to compre hend the mode of a truth is not to bo the measure of our aoceptance of it. Our Lord HiniM'rli' expresses this truth in His last command to His disciples, in tho charter of the foundation of llis church : "Go, and leach all nations, baptising into the namo of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." This is no idle form .of words. Doe* it not involve a union, a co-ordination, a direct commemoration of the Three in One *r so tho church to the end of time preserves her Lord's baptismal formula; and her sacrcd seasons lead up to this commemoration. Look back.-On Septuagesima Sunday our thoughts were directed to God .the Father, -?-the Creator. ' Then caine the season of Lent, Good Friday and Easier-day^ when we meditated on tho temptation, the passion, the death and resurrection of Jesus-the Eternal Son ; and lest Sunday we celebrated''that''mighty manifestation of the third person in the blessed Trinity, when the infant church was baptised with the Holy Ghost, whose mysterious influence con tinues, prompting us to whatever is true) pure, honest and of good report; thus wo are led up to tho service of to-day, in which Septuagesima, Easter, and Pentecost arc united. We receive, then, from our Lord and ilia apostles the clear declaration of tho Holy Trinity ; but we din;crn further, in the Old Testament scriptures, intimations of this great truth. Tho Jewish people were sur rounded by idolaters ; always in danger of falling into polytheism, therefore the unity of j God was most strongly insisted on in His revelation to them ; but, though little was directly declared of the Triuity, many inti mations were given. Passing over the earlier ones, my text seems one of the clearest. Here we read-"And the Lord spake to Ivloses,.saying : Speak unto . Aaron and hi* sons; saying, on this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel, baying unto theui, the Lord bless thee and keeu thee ; the Lord make Ilia face shine upon thee, and bo gracious unto thee ; the Lord lift up the light of His countenance upon thee, and give thco peace." ..This benedic tion was inspired by God, to he pronounced by His high priest over the children of Israel. M The mystery of thi» Trinity," says Luther, " is here secretly insinuated, thonirh not plainly revealed." Observe' the harmony in the Divine attributes. God the JAsther blesses and keeps us ; God llie Sou in gracious unto us"; arfi trod the Holy Spirit gives us pcuce. Gud is our leather ; hmv nc:a' this brings us to Him. ? Iu Iliin we Jive, and move ami liavc our bemg. His energyr is felt intbe remotest parts of ercation, and yet we may feel the same security in His providence, as if >ve alone were the objects' of His care. His mind grasps in-iusnsity,; and yet knows me as if T wore the single object of His attention.. In the' realm of' graco He also is Mio author of all blessing.; He scut His only begotten Son-grace sind truth came by I-tim. He isgi-acious unto us. He, the EtcinalSon, woreourhmnannature ; was tempted in all joints like as vre are ; He. can,enter into all our difficulties. Wo sou in ; Him si: perfect Son, therefore, a perfect; brother, an unchangeable frieml, an . ever living intercessor, and, though absent now, by the power of the II0I3' Spirit, Ho abides 'with us in n fuller way than would have beenpossible during an earthly sojourn, for it. is the Holy Ghost who" lifts up the light of His countenance on us and gives 11s peace," illuminating our path, enlightening our ignoyance, ? increasing fuitli and love. Tiui^s does' jhp' tiiiine God act on belialf of His i huiKftD creatures. :Lct ns ask ourselves : What is the'praelieal effect on each one^'of 11c, jierBpiialiy,, of this attitude (if, the Al mighty Trinity it: Unity-^mamvard : for we inay.bo' sure that < God's revelation is meant to brim; us nearer to Him-to make ir- ' better, worthier, :is well as wiser, Christians.,. Goil is ouv Father.., ,.))o jrc thru' 1 lrive , it'iul '' ob.-y ? Him f1 j)o wo :'.looic': iip to- 'ITinV us" oirf preserver, onr ^ftiiiilej , ;;ohr ' Mreujrth''awl our hope ?; G'lirist lias redeemed '. us. \ Do' >vo love Him, who so loved us? 'llave yi'.'H living, active .faith 111 Him F , Does, His priceless gift, of.; redemption toiiuh our hearts ? ])o we.iimlco it real to, ourselves by often thinlciiiir about it ?.. Is it :i motivo power iu our actions:: The Holy Spirit is our sanctK tier. J)ocsBo'saiictity us ? ' IJo'wefeel Hi's prcsfcuqe, bcniiiijj' ! wi'tiiHiB;.1. wU!i ,oiir spirits that'! ; we really1 hro 1 "the children , ?i)it; : .(Jnd ?: Let ?.. / us ask ourselves such questions, and wo sli:}ll comprehend <ho«' this .doctrine of the-Trinity toiiches jjur.;hearts;:iiid'i lives. ? ;Eeligion, is that Avhich .hinds."miin to.. ,Gqd and, .this doctrino... "of,::, tiio ,;Trinifcy,,' ^ iu.r-XTiiity explainsto us, i ao far. us; wo (#iij comprehend i t, fiometliing of God' s.nature in relation to man. Trno, indeed, tho finite can never fully comprehend the infinite*. "Wo are not ex pected to underhand fully, but to believe humbly.J Some people stumble oyer the word " supernatural.'' 'Remember tho great diffe rence between what is unnatural and what .is supernatural. Becausc a thing may beabovo our reason it does not follow, that it is * con «tntry;to it.; Cultivate humility ; .;fltrive to draw.nearer to the Father throughthe Son and by tho Holy .Ghost. t So shall you believo as a Christian, and.wait for'the -dawning "of that brighter day wheii air thiugs shall bo made clear-when we'shall know even as' we' 1 are knowu." ' "1: :. : . ri i i ; 