" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" Now, which is the worse — to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When " good diges tion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; wo either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this uestiou differently, yet the common senso of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is belter to have an appeti.e' without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communi- cati -n in which the writer says, "I was af. aid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nat .re rebel against the nouns' inent lived on 1 If the latter, why ? Let him clear the myBtery himself. He says, "In the year 18S9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I Lad been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I aid not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles cf diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them, On3 thing was like another, and none was good. My trngue was coated and fnrred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive anu my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything, lhen I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it ;elt hke a ball in my throat, and act as if it wonld choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circum stances onr friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it were touched with some .harp instrument. Then, sgain, at times he was attacked « ith spaims, the a6ony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal I made, for I w ,s afraid to eat. " After a time I got into o low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, aud this caused me to lose a giod deal of sleep." What he means by the fear oi " something going to happen " is, of cuurse, the fear of some calamity, snob as the Job3 of his position, his own death, or the deatu of somebody dear to him This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life beircr). his unstrung nerves, and to the brain en eebled by lack of nourishment. The ni.ht of this form of i'.lness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the crea urea of a restless and un- governed ima.inaliou. " With great difficulty," be s lys, " I stuck to my work, for X had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, hut what 1 suffered for over two j ears is pist my powers of desc.ip'.ion. I am sure no oae has stffeied so much as 1 have done." In the latter stateme t he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own p in is one's own, and is always harder to -bear than is one's notion of hit neighbour's pain. There is a count'ess multitude wh > are ail the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally nu-nti ns that after all medical treatment had ltfc him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case ' exactly like his own' h ving been cured by ilo'i'isr Snivel's Syrup. ' ' My wife," he says, " go: m » a bottle at Mr Laugstaff's, in WooJlesford, and after ub d-; its contents the ailment left me aud ha ; never returned siuee that fort mate day. I should like the wh le world to know what it did for me. I have been employ d oy the M idland Railway Company for eleven years (signed) " Geobge Hum, ar Bottom Road, Apperley Bridge, near Xieeds. We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in order that part of the wor d at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 