PORTFOLIO. If it be, then, true that mysteries are "revealed to the meek," it becomes of primary importance that we should read the Bible, not in haste, not with irrever ence, but with minds and hearts earnest and vigilant. Far higher than the de bates about inspiration and infallibility is the question of the moral and spiri tual good which we may win for our selves fromn the Bible. We have little idea how much we are losing in squan dering our days on preliminary inquiries, and asking to be satisfied on this point or that, before we begin to study the Bible at all. If we would but try it, leaving all debated points for the moment in abeyance, we should find in the silent and gradual good wrought upon our selves a t stimony to the reality of those divine influences which are not the heri tage of past ages only, but of our own also, and which are not denied to the weakest and umost distressed who sgek them from God. For if the Bible *it nesses' nothing else, it witnesses this, that He has never left man alone. Its pages show us God in the life of all The faith of NToah and Abraham,' the bitter discipline of the life of Jacob, the noble heroism of Moses, the chivalry of Joshua, the triumph and humiliation of David, are but varying witnesses to the same truth--that God is in the lives of men to rouse their energy, to check their impatience, to educate their characters, to visit their offences with'the red, but never to 'forsake them, nor take away His mercy from them utterly for ever more. .-. . T: win these lessons' we need sincere hearts. It is when the eye is single that the whole body is full of light. Bt here, too, is the difficulty; for all who are honest with themselves know how much vanity, and conceit, and self- will thrust themselves in, and mar our best intentions. A regenerating spirit is needed to make impartial and unclouded thought possible. The same thought is given by Dean Goal burn, "The Scripture resembles a sun dial, which is in itself perfect and corn plete, graven with all the hours, and with gnomon which casts an exact shadow. But the indispensible condition of the sun-dial's usefnlness is light. The practical duty which results from this truth is the very simple one of prayer." " Ask and ye shall receive," said Jesus Christ. The illumination of the Holy Ghost is the- gift of God, but it is a gift which He gives freely, as a father gives bread to his hungry child. \--Rev. BIoyd Col2eite'r. 