A Pot of Gold. BEING AN ACCOUNT OF THE STARTLING ADVENTURES THAT BEFEL BENJAMIN MANLEY IN THE YEAR OP OUE LORD 1880. (BY FREDERICK li. BURTON.). '[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] PART I. ? - CHAPTER VIT. In the Chamber of Death. You may remember that in the very beginning I spoke of having had to relate my share of these adventures many times. Now in all my telling, which, has been done invariably with that avoidance of exag geration which marks this account, though naturally with loss attention to detail than here, I have noted some strange manifestations on the part of tho listeners. That is, to wit, when I have come to the incideut which I have just begun to recount, my audience has commonly been beset, apparently, with some portion of that terror which I ex perienced in full at the time. Now, why this should be I am somewhat at a loss to conjecture, for surely if anything had gone so badly amiss with rae that Í had given up the ghost, how should I be telling of it in propria persona, as tho Latin has it, at some subsequent occasion ? And yet, sen sible as this may seem, when I have come to the point where one of tho blackened villains let fall the axe upon the rope so that I was to be sent swiftly downward , into an unknown region or blackness and falling water, I havo seen the perspiration gather thickly on the foreheads of men, and the pupils of their eyes dilate perceptibly ; and when it chanced that women were present they have clasped their hands and cried, " Oh, my 1" with great emotion, so that .1 was fain to beg their pardons, one and all, for BO distressing them ; whereat, and this seemed no less unreasonable than the first manifestation, they besought me to go on, and wished there was more of it when I had done, as if, indeed, they took Borne pleasure in being so harrowed up by fear that they were like to catch cold in their backs with the chills I gave them. All of which I call to your attention in order to spare you any un necessary infliction ot uneasiness if albeit you have acquired some interest in my personality from what has gone before; and I do not think this altogether improbable, inasmuch as most men, myself included, become deeply moved over the experiences of those per Bons in romanos whose existence is purely fictitious. So if you bear in mind that I am writing to-day with a firm hand and a full complement of bodily faculties, you will suffer no discomfort from my adven tures, though you will doubtless admit that I had cause euough, foreseeing noth ing, for agitation and alarm. 1 had not been one second seated upon the step with my feet against the cleat when I he'ard Number Seven say "Let fall !" The sound of a blow followed, and then .-down I went; lt was the briefest interval, but in the space of it I noticed three things : The inñnitely4short pause that ensued before the fall began ; the tre mendous speed the rough carriage attained almost instantly, so that I opened my mouth and could neither cry nor catch my breath, and a sudden slackening of the Bpeed, accompanied by a grating sound. Tüe end was a full stop, andi was thrown forward with considerable violence. I put out my arms instinctively and came up against a soft obstruction, aa if a mattress had been fastened upright upon a wall. What with the impenetrable darkness and. the shook, I fell in a heap ou the floor ; and I lay there for some minutes gasping and,sobbing and expecting violent death at every heart beat. What brought me to some degree of composure again, beyond the gradual recovery of my breath, was tho consciousness that the sound of fall ing water had stopped. Then I began to stir, not half persuaded that my limbs Were sound or my head unbroken. I re marked that I lay upon a wooden iloor and that I was uninjured. Directly in front was the padded wall against whioh I had been hurled. By dint of feeling my way on hands and knees, I found that I was in a room not more than five feet wide, and presently I came across the bottom of the ^Jined plane. The rude carriage which had brought rue down was wedged fast between tho rails of the plank causeway, from, which I judged that the railß con. verged towards the bottom, thu8 causing the carriage to be arrested to some degree gr/idu. ally as it fell. Crawling around so as to get under the inclined plano, 1 put my hand plump into the wator, which I made out to be contained in a large baßin or tub set into the floor. About three feet above the basin was the open end of a pipo, and through thia undoubtedly had fallon the water which I had heard from above. I made my way beyond the basin until I reached tho limita of tho chamber, when, convinced that there was no exit available, I returned to the foot of the plane and sat down upon the step. At first the time passed so slowly in the darkness that I was in torture over it. Then I recalled that every minute alone gave Tom the more chance to como to my rescue before the rascals with whom I had fallen in should attempt anything serious against me. After that I waa willing enough to let the moments drag. Once during my solitary stay there I bethought me to climb up the plane and try to get out. But when I attempted this I was forced to give up, for the planks had been greased, and a hold upon them waa impos sible. So I sat down again, and it was in this position that Number Seven found me ; for of a sudden the padded wall in front ol' me Bwung back, and tho white-haired, black-faced villain, in his long gown, stood before me in a stream of light. When he saw me sitting there he leaned baok against the wall and shook with laughter. Upon that a new hope rose within me. Was it not possible that I was the victim of a great practical joke ? That these men, with their strange stories of crime, their seeming indifference in confess ing them, their ingenious chuto and falling water and padded wall, were but parts of a cruel torment that had no further aim than the entertainment of the operators ! It was a faint hope and unduly conceived, but it served for a few moments to sustain me in the trials I was yet to undergo. .* On my word, Mr. Manley," exclaimed Number Seven, " you are the moBt delight ful candidate whom I ever accompanied through our establishment. Why, there you sit as calmly as if you were waiting for a 'bus to take-.you home, when most of the men who have ridden down the descent have been found half crazed with fear, and one poor fellow actually died before we could exhibit our ceremony to him. Really this ia entertaining." And he laughed again. 1 remained silent, and after a moment he continued in a graver tone : " But there is serious work to be done presently, and you shall not be kept waiting ; come." Then for the first time I refused to obey. " No," said I ; "I care nothing for your ceremony, and I will have no part in it. You may set me out of doorB, or leave me here, which you will." " Ah, Mr. Manley," he responded, " that is neither so admirable nor so original ; but we will not argue the matter." With that he struck his hand sharply upon the wall beside him, and immediately two of his comrades appeared in the passageway behind him. Without a word they came direotly to me, took me by the arms each side, and compelled me to rise and walk. Their manner was as forcible as Number Seven's waa urbane. " Nay !" 1 exclaimed, trying to shake them off, "if I must go I go, and you need not drag me." The men loosed their hold and looked at Number Seven, who nodded, and forthwith they went through the passage ahead of us, When wo emerged I found myself in a room about 25ft long by 20ft wide. It was lighted by gaB jets arranged in brackets along the walls. There was no magnifi cence about it in any sense. At one end was a low platform with a chair upon it and a small table. Eleven other chairs were ranged about the room against the walls. One other door besides that through which I had entered oponed into the room. Number Seven led me out into tho middle of the floor, and beckoned to his com panions, who had seated themselves at ono side. They came at once and etood by while Number Seven said " With the exhibition of this room and its contents, Candidate Manley, my part of your experience here comes to an end¿ unless, perchance, the casting of the lot should mako it my duty to terminate your visit. Should that be the case, you may depend upon my best efforts to be expedi tious and comfortable. Ia any event, root assured that I have never met a visitor who interested me more deeply. Now, gentle men !" At this his comrades Btooped over, caught hold of an iron ring in the floor, and raised a lar¿e trap. Directly beneath tho floor in the opening thus made was a black coffin, uncovered, resting on a bier, apparently, draped in black cloth. After what 1 had seen and experienced I looked at it unmoved. " A narrow but comfortable resting place," suggested Number Seven, *' Yes," I admitted, and at that moment I felt a curious confidence that 1 should not occupy it ; *« what is it there for ?" " For the candidate," he replied. There was a slight pause as if I were expected to break down, and when I gave no ei¿n of terror Number Seven slapped me smartly on the shoulder and exclaimed "Why I this is grand, Mr. Manley, grand 1 not a jot less 1 How did you acquire such exquisite sang froid ?" Sir," I responded, " it is tolerably plain that you intend to kill me, but, whatever you do, you will not be able to take me from the hands of Providence. If it is a part of the divine plan that I shall die at your hands, no remonstrance of mine could avail, and no anxiety be justified." Very bravo words these, and pious, too, and God knows that at the time they were uttered I felt their whole force sincerely, and if a little later, and many times thereafter, 1 was miserably afraid for my life, forgettiug my Christian faith, God knows that also, and will measure me accordingly. My scoundrel mentor was not impressed by them seriously; in fact, nothing seemed to shake him from his irreverent mockery. He said " You are an amusing study, Mr. Manley, I could wish I might see more of you, but even my hard-headed philosophy has to re cognise that we cjnnot have all we desire. No ; within an hour, as you have sur mised, you will be lying quietly ia that box, all undisturbed by the capers we shall cut up above your head." Within un hour ! Tom would come within an hour ! If 1 could but gain time. With a vague determination to keep the man talking, I asked ** How do you propose to effect my execu tion P" "Better and better I" he exclaimed, does your mind run that way ? By all that's dark and treacherous, you shall be satis fied. Gentlemen, lower the trap and bring up chairs. Let us all sit down and my comrades here shall bear me out in what I say, or correct mo if I am wrong." j In another minute we four were teated I facing each other, and Number Seven, a broad smile wrinkling his inky visage, began *' You have asked about our methods. That betrays the weak spot in your philosophy, my dear sir, for having become acquainted with the main fact, the phe nomenon, so to speak, you should then inquire for the reasons that underlie it. The methods, though intensely interesting, are of secondary consequence." " Very well," I said. " I'll try to accord myself to the mode of your procedure. The first question, in your way of think ing, should be : Why have you so persis tently exhibited to me the evidences of your rascality." " Good !"heresponded ; "yon have started well. The answer is that you might be reconciled to your fate. It must be plain to you that the world cannot comfortably contain both you and us. As there are 12 of us to you one, it is ouly fair that you should go. Now, when you went so far in your hostility to one of our number as to follow him to this houeo, we were certain that you would call here, and we made ready to receive you. Your suspicions had been aroused, and in that condition you were about as dangerous to us as if you were fully possessed of evidence con cerning our operations. Therefore we took you into our confidence in order that, being fully informed about us, you would see plainly the necessity of your death. The fact that your life is not cut short without adequate cause must prove of supreme consolation to you." With this the villain paused and stroked his face and white beard, smiling aB might a wise scholar who had confounded an in experienced debater by the tactics of logic. " I gather your meaning," I admitted, " and I have no great desire to controvert it, wishing rather to come to the main point. How do you hope to protect your selves from tho law in this* your worst Atrocity?" " Ah ! as we have done in the past. In all our operations there is one common essential feature : the concealment of our identities. Many successful robbers have avoided jail by similar means, but in these times I think there have been none who worked upon BO large a scale as we do, or who took such thorough measures for ultimate protection. For, once the identity of one of usia discoverer!, once he is suppoctod of having committed a robbery, our pleasant institution is doomed. It therefore becomes essential for us to provide for removing knowing individuals, and our plan for so doing, if I mistake not, was tho real object of your inquiry?" I assented by a nod, " The main difficulty to be overcome," he continued, " is the disposal of the re mains. A corpse is a large parcel not easily destroyed, and tho law looks after it sharply. Therefore, we make an ally of the law, for wo scorn no means iu securing our ends. The building next door to this is used ostensibly as a thriv ing lodging-house. So in part it ie, but one of us is the landlord, and two or three others are te nants, "What goes on in tho rooms reserved for us attracts no more than passing attention from tenants who are not of us. One of our number is a practising physi cian, with an office in the neighborhood. SVhen we have the remains of a visitor on hand we transfer them by an underground passage to the next house. There they stay two or three days, and it is given out that a tenant is seriously ill. Then iollowe the announcement that the unfortunate man is cread. Our physician makes out a death certificate in due form, and the body eventually is buried decently. This is the one respect in whioh we lay out money and effort without return ; for if th© victim Requests it we see to it that a funeral ceremony is performed that accords with bis religious views. Everything being done strictly in good form and according to law, no questions, are asked. According to the prominence of the individual, more or less îuss is made by the police and the newspapers over another strange disap pearance, but nobody ever looks our way. To provide against the possibility that a caller should last be seen entering the house, we have recourse to our wardrobe and disguises, and not long after a stranger arrives, a passable counterfeit goes out again, and walks suggestively towards the river./. That was the case half an hour after you came, Mr. Manley, and your double returned but a few minutes ago." This made my heart beat harder than anything that had occurred ; for L thought that Tom might have seen and been de ceived by this counterfeit, and gone off in a vain chase to overtake somebody whom he mistook for me. This just flashed across my brain, but I kept my self-control and said " That appears to be a very clever plan ; but what would you do if obliged to move suddenly ? How do you bring your articles here without exciting suspicion ?", " To provide for all contingencies of that kind we have one member who is in the express business. He takes good care of ail our luggage and of any other business that requires waggons or* carriages. In the event Of anything going wrong in our machine^', we have a resort far from here where for safety's sake are Btored many valuable articles that we cannot utilise in this house, but as it is not covenient to exhibit that place to you, I will not describe it lest I excite incredulity on your part." " As you will," I returned, ** although methinks it would be difficult to excite my incredulity after what 1 have seen ; and moreover, I should be very glad to learn about this last resort of yours, rt>r if .so. be that the proceedings of the final judgment! are akin to our judicial inquiries, and I be summoned as a witness, I should be solemnly rejoiced to render up a good round account of your misdoings." Number Seven lay back in his chair and roared a great laugh, in whioh his com panions, after a doubtful pause, and what seemed to be a fearing look at me, joined him. From their, demeanor I inferred that not all this disreputable gang of ruffians had entirely cast out of their minds the religious teaching of their younger days. My courage had been mounting as I observed the discomfort with which the others heard my reference to the great judgment j but at this my veins seemed to fill with iee, and it was with difficulty that I continued (TO ¿BB CONTINTTKD.) : 