Lecqbbs. Joy, Joy for Ever. Bt C. H. SrraoEos. But let all those thTb^^foHoy'becmi^^'m ■■S^ESSSfc-r' The subject for this morning is joy,ithe joy of faith the jov which is the trait of the Spirit from the root to trust in God. Hoy we not oXtalk ahont it at this hour, but enjoy it now nnd evermore! It is pleasant to lead, and hear, and think about joy; hut to bo filled with joy and peace through believing is a far more eatisWnsr thing. I want yon to see not only the sparkling fountain of joy , but to drink deep draughts of it; yes, and drink all thei week, all the month, and aU the year, and aU the rest of ■vour lives, holli in time and in eternity. Let the ehildrcn of Zion be joyful in their Rmg. vKote, first, concerning this joy, that it is to be universal to all wbo trust: "Let all those that pat their trust in Thee rejoice. IhiB is not only for the healthy, bnt for the sickly, not onlv for the successful, bnt for the dis appointed; not only for those who have the bird in the hand, but for those who only see tt in the bosh. .Let all rejoico! If yon have . but a little faith, yet if yon arc trusting in the lord, von have a right to joy. It may ho yoar joy will not rise so high as it might do if yourfaiiliwere greater: "batstill,.u-ncrefaith is true, it gives sure ground for joy. O ye babes in grace, ye little children, yon that have been newly converted, and sadly feel your feeoilencs?, yet rejoice, for the Lord will bless them that fear Him, "both small and creai-'" "Fear not, tbou irorni, Jacob. J?car not, little flock.". There is a joy which is as Jink to nourish babes-n joy which m not as meat with bones in it, for the Lord addetb no sorrow- therewith. The bttle ones of the floci need not vex themselves concerning the deep ■filings of God, for there is joy iiv those shallows of simp'e tru U where lainbs mav ■ safely wade. The joy of the Ir r.l is softened down to feeble constitutions. Let it overpower tb-m The same great sea wlneh floods the " vast hovs also flows into the liny creeks. "Let all those that put their trust in Thee rejoice." Ton, Hiss Much-alnud. over Tonder, voiunreio'tojoico* vTou, Mx. Dcspon vi vr. hardly dariug to loot up, vou must yet lenfn to srng. As for Mr. Tt a^ta-halt, he TOust dance on his crutches, and Fceblc-minu must play the musto for him. It is the mmu of illi Holy Gliost that thoso who trust in the I/>r<3 should rejoice before Him. : This joy is logical. When I was a cbilu.^ . end wentto s-ihool. I remember learning out of a boot called "Why and Because.1' Things -• one Isarns as a child stick in the memoiy; and ' therefore I like a text whiuli has a. "because ' \jnit Here it is: "Let them erer riioutfor nor, because Thoudefendestthem." Emotious atre not fired by ltnrfc; and ret reasons famish ' Joelfor tlieflame. A man may be" sad, though he cannot explain his sadness, or he mar be greatly glad, though lie cannot set forth the ' reasons for his joy. The joy of a believer in " God has a-firm foundation ; it is not the bas> . less fabric of a virion. The joy of faith burns /' lite /vfflTa of jmiiper, and yet it can be calmly explained and justified. The joyful believer . is no lunatic, carried away by a delusion; he has a " because" with which to acconut for all his joy—a reason, which ho-can consider on his bed' in the night watches, or defend against a scoffing world. \Ve .have, a satisfactory reason for onr most exuberant joy: "The Lord hath "on® \- great things for ns; whereof we are glad. : Philosophers can be iiappy without music, and ( saints can he happy despite circumstances. ..With joy we.draw water oat of deeper and fuller wells than such as Father Jacob digge 1. ■ Onr miith is as soberly reasonable as the world ling's fears. ' . The believer's joy arises from the God in whom he trusts, " Let all those that pat their trust in Thee rejoice.". "When, after many a weary wandering, ihc dove of your soul has at •■■■ last come back to the ark, and Noah has put \- outhis hand and, " pulled licr in. auto him, .the poor, weary creature .is happy. Taken into Noah's hand and mads to nestle in l:is bosom, she feels so safe, so peaceful 1 The weary leagues of the wild waste of waters are all forgotten, or only remembered to give zest to the repose. So, when you trust in God, your soul has.fonnda quiet resting place, a • pavilion of repose! The little chick runs to and fro in fear. The mother hen calls it home. . Shespreadshersoftwingsoverthcbrood. llavo yon never seen the little cbicks when they arc housed under the hen, how they put out their little heads through the feathers, and peep and twitter so prettily? It is a chick's heaven to bide under its mother's bosom. It is perfectly happy; it could not be more content; its little chick nature is brimful of delight- Be this thy joy also: "He shall cover thee with His feathers, and nnder His wings shall than trust; His truth shall be thy shield and ' buckler." My nature gets all its wants sup • plied, all its desires gratified, when it rests in God. Oh, yon that have never trusted God in : Christ Jesus, you do not know what real hap piness means! Ton may search all the theatres SnLondon, and ransack all the music halls, \- nnd clubs and public-houses, but you will find * no happiness in any of their mirtb, or show,^ or wine. Trae joy dwells where dwells the living God, and nowhere else. In your own home with God, even though that home be only a single room and your meal be very scanty, yon nriU see more of heaven'than in the palaces of kings! Have God for yoar sole trust, and you , Viyill neTer lack for joy. ■ . \- Onr joy arises next from what the Lord 'does for us. "Let them shout forjoy.be _ cause Thou defendest them." God always 1 guards his people, whoever may attack them. '.'The Lord is thy keeper." Angels are -Qm. jmnrJiaTiBj Frovidenco is.our protector; " but God Himself is the preserver -of His thosen. ."Thou shalt "not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow , that flyeth' . by day j nor for the pestilence that walketh in , darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday.". No fortress guards the soldier so well as God guards His redeemed. The God of oiir salvation will defend us fromall evil; He will defeiid our souls. "Though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear; though .war should rise against me, in this will I be confident." . I have pointed to tho deep sources from which the joy of the believer wells up ; hut I must also add, it is by faith that this joy conies to us. Faith makes joyful discoveries. I speak to those of you who have faith. When you first i believed in Christ you found that you were | saved, and knew that you were forgiven. ! Some little while after you discovered that you | were chosen of God from before the foundation of the world. Oh, the rapture of your soul when the Lord appeared of old linto yon, say ing, "Yea, I have loved thee with an ever lasting love; therefore with loving kindness have I drawn thee ! The glorious doctrine of | . election is as wines on the lees well refined to those who by faith receive it; and-it brings | with it a new, intense, and refined joy, such as the world knowis nothing of.Having dis covered your election of God, you looked further into your justification; "for whom i He called, them He also jnstified." What a | pearl is justification! In. Christ the believer | is as just in the sight of God as if he had never sinned ^ lie is covered with a perfect righteous ness, and is acoeptcd iii the Beloved. :■ What a joy i6 justification by faith, when it is well understood! What bliss also to learn our union | to Christ! Believers are members of His body, of His flesh, and of his bones. Because he lives,-we shall live also. One with Jesus! Wonderful discovery this. Equally full of joy is onr adoption! "Beloved, now are wo the sons of God;" " and if children then heirs; heirs of God, and joint heirs with Christ." Faith thus heaps fuel on the fire of our joy; i for it keeps on making discoveries out of tho ■ Word of the Lord. The more you search the Scriptures, and the hearer you live to God, the more you will enjoy of that great goodness which the Lord has laid up in store for tliem that fear Ilim. .Though " eye hath not seen, nor car heard, (he things which God hath pre pared for thein that love Him," yet "Hehath ! revealed them unto us by His Spirit;" and ; iaercbj* He puts gladness into our hearts more | than increasing corn aud wine could bring. Above all, faith has an eye to the eternal reward. She rejoices in her prospects. She I takes into licr hands the birds which to others | are in the bush. 'To be with Christ in the ! glory land is the joy of hope, .the hope which j maketh :iot ashamed.' Our hope is no dream; j as sure as we are here to-day, we who arc trusting in Christ will be in heaven before long, ; for lie prays that we maybe with" Him where i he is, and may behold His glory. L2t us not ! wish to postpone tho happy day. Shall our j bridal day bo kept back? Nay, let the Bride groom speedily come and take us to Himself.' What a joy to know that this head shall wear • j a crown of glory, and these hands shall wave j the pahn branch of victoiy! I speak-not of j myself alone, ray'brethren, but of you also, aud of r.U them that love His appearing. There is a crown of life laid up for you, which the righteous Judge will give you. Where fore, have patience a little while. Bear still' your cro.-s. Put up with the difficulties of the | war, for the end is almost within 'sight. The way may berongh, bnlifc cannot belong; • So we'll .smooth it with hope, and cheer it ! with song. - Hay the Lord give us the ears of faith where with to hear the bells of heaven ringing ont j from afar over the waters of time ! Faith has al ways reason for joy, since God is always the same ; His promises are the same; and ills power and will to fulfil, are the Bame; Iu an uncharging God we fiud unchanging ; reasons for joy. If we draw wa'cr from the : well of God. we may draw one day as well as another, and cover find the water abated ; but J if we make our joy to depend in part npon : creatures and circumstances, we may find our joy l*ak out through the cracks in the cistern. Lust Sunday morning I cried out to you, "Both feet on the• rock"! Both feet on the rock!" aud tlic- words led one poor heart to Jiy the power of undivided faith in God. This is the road to joy, and there is no other. Brink waters from thine own fonntain, and do not Sad abroad after others. Is not the Lord enough for thee? Is it not sufficient to say, " All my fresh springs are iu Thee ?" Neither life, nor death, nor poverty, nor sickness, nor bereavement, nor slander, nor death itself, shall quench thy joj if it be fouuded in God alone. Let me pu'7 to some of yon who love to raise objection?, what do you know about this joy? Are you unbelievers? Well, then, you are out of court; you are not competent to judge. The griefa of believers you do not know, and wilh their joy you cannot intermeddle. You have no spiritual taste or discernment,- and what | judgment can you form ? A genuine believer may be as Happy as tho angels, and yet you may not know His joy because you are not in the secret. You have not a spiritual mind, and ! the carnal mind cannot discern spiritual things. I would hare you speak with bated breath when you talk on this matter. When a blind man goes to the Royal Academy, his criticisms J on the pictures arc not n'orth much ; but they I arc quite equal to yours in value when you spcuk ofjspiriiual things. You cannot know what joy in the Lord may mean ; for, alas, you are u stranger to such heavenly things. Alas! some professors of religion are mere ' pretenders; these have no joy of thcLord. To carry out their pretence, these persons ercn imagine that it is necessary to pull a long face and to talk very solemnly, not to say dismally. | Their idea of religion is that black is the colour i of heaven. But, dear friends, we cannot prevents hypocrites arising: it is only a proof that true religion is worth having. You took | a bad half-sovereign the other night, did yoa? Did you say, "All half-sovereigns aro worth less, I will never take another?" Not so; you became more careful, but you were quite i sure that there were good haU-Bovercigns:m;; currency, for else .people would- not make"] counterfeit ones. It would not pay anybodr to be a hypocrite unless "there were* enough I genuine Christians to make the hypocrites pass current. Therefore, do riot say too much about hypocritical we spew, lest you slandor true men. " Next, remember that some persons are con stitutionally sad. They cried as soon as they were born; th6y cried when they cut their teeth; and they have cried ever since. Then* spirits are very low down, and when the grace of God gets into their hearts it lifts them a great deal to bring them up to a decent level of joy. Think of what they would have been without it. Many would have died in despair, if it had riot been for faith. The grace of God has kept them up, or they would have lost their j reason. I am sorry thcro should be persons ( who havo bad livers, feeble digestions, or | irritated brains; but there are .such. Pity them, even if you blame them. They must I not so pity themselves as to make an excuse | for their unbelief; but we must remember that often the spirit truly is willing, but the flesh is weak. When you liavo met with Christians who arc not happy, 'did it ever strike you that their depression might only . be for • a time under very severe trial ? You may go to. the south of France, where the daycare so ^ sunny, and yon may happen to be • there for a couple of days only*. and it may rain all the time; it would bo. unfair on thut account to say that it is a gloomy place. So it may be that the Christian is under extreme presnuro for. the time, and when that is moderated bo will-be very joyful. I do not excuse his loss of joy; but, still, there is a November of fogs in the year of most men. Judge no man by the'day, but watch his spirit on a larger scale, and see whether he does not usually, delight himself in God. If you say that some Christians are unhappy, must you not also admit tluit many of them aro veiy happy? ■ Iwas once waited npon bvari enthusiast who had a new religion to publish. Numbers of people have a crack which lets in new light, ana this man was goi'»g to convert me to his new ideas. After I had heard him I said, "1 havo heard your story, will you hear mine ?" When I talked to him of my lot and portion in the lore,of a covenant God, and the safety of the Believer- in Christ," ho. said, "Now, 6ir, if you believe all thu, you ought to be the happiest maa in the world." I admitted that his inference was true; bnt then I said to him what rather surprised \ hira, "So I am; and I am going-to'■ be .j more so all the rest of my life." If a man is chosen of God from before the foundation of tho i world, is redeemed'by the precious blood of j Christ,, is quickened by the JEToly Ghost, and renewed in the spirit of his mind, is.one with \ Christ, and on his way, to heaven—if he is not i happy, he onghttrr be.-—-Srzrely7-xcc_oughjLta. { rejoice abundantly, dear friends, for ours is a : happy lot.. "Happy are the people whose God is the Lord." If God's people are not happy at times, it is not their'faith which makes them unhappy— ask them. It is not what you believe thatmukes I yon unhappy, it is your want of faith, is it | not? K .a man begins to doubt, lie begins to sorrow;, so far as his faith goes, he. has joy. Oh, for more faith ! Faith does create joy. We can answer all objections by the fact that "we that have believed do enter into re3t." . Do you not know that if you are full of joyyou I will be turning the charming side of religion 1 where men cau see it? I should not like to wear my coat with the seam)'- side out; some religionists always do that. It was said of one j great professor that he looked as if his religion | did not agree with him. Godliness is not a rack j or u thumbscrew. • Behave. nofc .to religion as if you felt that you must take it liko so. much physio, but you had rather hot. If it tastes liko nauseous physic to you, I should fear you have got. the wrong | sort, arid .arc 'poisoning yourself. Believe not that true godliness is akin to sourness. Cheerfulness is next to godliness. "When thou fastefch, anoint thine head, and wash thy face'tbat thou^appear not unto men to fast." Weed out. levity, but cultivato joy. Thus will you win other-hcarts.to follow Jesus. Remember that if you are always joyful you , are rehearsing the music of the skies. • We aro I going there very soon; let us not bo ignorant j of the music of its choirs. I should not like ) to'crowd into my seat, and hcar 'tlie choir* master'say, "Do you know your part?" and j then have to answer, " Oh, no, I nave never ; sung while I was on earth, for I had no joy in the Lord." I think I shall answer to the ! choirmaster, and say, "Yes; I havo long since sung, * Worthy is the Lamb.' " I would begin the music here, And 60 my soul shall rise; Oh. for some heavenly notes to bear Hypasiions to the skies. With joy we rehearse the song of songs. We pay glad homage now before. Jehovah's, throne. We sing uuto the Lord our gladsome harmonies, and we will do so a3 long as wo havo any being. Pass mc that score, O chief musician of the skies, for I' can lake up and sing my part in bass or tenor or treble or alto or soprano, as my voice may be. Tho key is 1 joy in God. Whatever the part assigned us, the music is all for Jesus. May some of you that havenever joyed in Jesus Christ learn how to praise Him to-day by being washed in His precious blood. You that have I praised Him long, may you learn your score ] yet more fully, and sing in better tune hence forth and for evermore. Amen. 