ANOTHER FALSE START. HE meeting of the Parramatta T Borough Council on Monday evening was to a large extent abortive once more. Even the most enthusiastic of the Council's partisans will find it an exceedingly difficult matter to point to any real work done during a sitting of fully two hours. Withdrawals and adverse rulings constituted the main order of the evening, and altogether, the proceedings were stale, flat and unprofitable. Of course, there was the ordinary amount of talk, the lion's share of which was contributed by Alderman THOEPE, and the one prominent feature demonstrated by which is the fact, that the fire which raged in the Council Chambers during the last three months, is only smouldering beneath the ashes. It has not been quenched, and will assuredly break but again. On Monday night the value of polarite,or its alleged value, for the purpose of purifying the Parramatta water, and the Council's system of keeping the time and paying the wages of its employes were'the principal topics, to which Alderman THOAPE directed Ms attention. The first question was easily disposed of; he had his say, in the coarse of which he prognosticated the ultimate failure of the polarite, and there was an end of the matter for the time being;. Not so; in regard to the other bone of contention. It is quite evident, that Alderman THORPE has no idea to permit the hollow true? recently entered into, to eeduce him from*what he conceives, rightly or wrongly, to be the path of . duty. He has renewed his attaok in regard toone particular phrase of the Council's financial work, the system pursued in keeping the employes' time, and in paying their wages. From information received,—and as he stated, believed by him—be declared that system to be, thoroughly unsatisfactory, and he aBked for an independent inquiry into the matter. That inquiry was refused by the majority ruling in the Council, and refused, we hold, mistakenly and somewhat injudiciously. The speeoh by which the mover introduced his resolution was moderate, even courteous to an extent; its very tenor, however, rendered it vague also. Alderman THOEPE based his demand largely upon certain opinions in regard to the subject whioh had obtained outside, and the prevalence of which was subsequently acknowledged on the other side. He emphatically denied any intention of attacking persons: he simply wished to clear up all doubts regarding a certain system, whioh he believed to be capable of vast improvement. 80 far, Alderman THOBFE'JS ^position should have been'accepted unquestioned; but this was certainly not done. Hie assertions were put aside, .and the matter was dealt with, to a very large extent, from a personal stand-point, a course which, in . our view, was moBt regrettable. Let it be granted, that there was nothing whatever wrong, aa regards the matters eabaiUed by, Alderman THOEPE ; indeed, .there is soarce a person in the botougn, who believes otherwise. Even in that case, however, the inquiry should have been granted, and ior'such a course, there was offered a stronger reason by fair, in the few remarks made by one of the opposing majority (Alderman SAUNDERS) than in those of the opener. The Mayor's continued mounting of the high horse is pretty certain to lew to further complications. We are prepared to admit that there were, in Alderman THORPE'S armour, two weak points. . It would have been better had he waited a while, before again returning to the attack'; no possible harm could have arisen by delaying, till the special audit trouble was settled. Again, if Alderman THOBPE proposed to attack a system only, what need waB there for an investigation extending over five years? By demanding this, Alderman THOBPE placed himself in a false position; in a position, at any rate, which admitted of his action beinjj misunderstood and misjudged. HE Secretary of the "Sympathy" Ball T deserves something better than the oldfashioned stereotyped compliment, on the success which crowned bis labours. No one knows how much he did, both before and after the event, nor bow well be did it; but the observant must be able to draw safe and kindly conclusions; and only from the observant are good wishes and good opinions worth the having. To Hr. L. 0. BOWLING, we ftel bound to extend, in the name of the town, the most cordial and sincere congratulations, on the effeot whioh be was privileged to tee secured by his arduous, bold, and intelligent efforts. And his services in the particular referred to are not likely to be forgotten! A CORRESPONDENT, ••BO.," draws u l attention to a matter, wbiob exhibits some person, or possibly more than one, in a most unenviable light. B.O. writes of the " mean, cowardly thefts," which have, within the last few days besu carried on at the Baptist Cemetery on the Western-road. Unfortunately, misoonduct like that complained of, is but too common. Very frequently children are to blame for tolling up, or oarrying off flowers or shrnbs, placed on the grave of some loved and cherished one by mourning,* heartsore friends. Thefts, like these, though th*y cauBe pangs of sorrow, deep ana bitter, are after all, comparatively venial, being, in nine cases oat of ten, the result of thoughtlessness, more than of evil design, but wben it comes to the carrying off of receptacles of flowers, " more becoming than a tin put or a bottle," the act is neither more cor less than a pure theft, mean and despicable in the extreme. Fitly rewarded, too, would it be by punishment proper to the sneak-thief, and the sooner some one, injured in the way complained of, takes steps in that direction, the better. Such a course my not be pleasant, but it is just. HE complaint addressed by Mr. MXLOAXB T to the municipal authorities of Prospect and Sherwood, on the subject of driving oattle through the streets of the municipality during unauthorised hours, was perfectly justifiable, The practice is objectionable in the highest degree, and should be put a slop to before an accident occurs in pursuance thereof, as is pretty certain to be the case, sooner or later. The drover concerned on the occasion referred to, seems to have added insult to injury, and the lnspeotor was directed to caution him. The Inspector should do something mote than administer a caution! He should keep his eyes wide open, and deal with the next person, who offends in the direction named, BB the law directs. HERE iB one matter, insignificant perhaps, T in itself, so far as its results are concerned, in connection with the special auditors' claims racket, which the ratepayers of Parramatta should note, and that is the small attendance of their representatives at the special meetings convened to deal with the matter. The MATOU has attended every meeting called for the purpose; 60 haTe a few others of his colleagues, Lut where were the others? Alderman WATTEES could, under the circumstances, not be expected to be present on Wednesday last, but where were Metiers. Cox, SPAEI-, MOIHAU, and SAONDEKS P The two former seem to have considered this andit matter beneaththeirnotioe, Tbe time may come, when they will learn differently. S a counter irritant to the "much cry and A little wool " trouble, which, from time to time the theoretical officer's of the Agricul tural Department sat in motion, it was quite refreshing to hear Mr. P. HOCKLEY, at the recent H., T., P.Hs., B., & 0\. Horticultural Association. Incidentally, the ccdlin moth was mentioned, in referenos to Mr. Vice- President MOEAK'8 recent lecture. While quite willing to admit the excellence of the lecture, he was prepared to laugh 40 scorn the moth, as a sort of " Cloehet de Cornetillt" ghost —something set up for the purpose of being knocked down again. The moth had been here ever sinoe be coild recollect At first people brought tbem over from Tasmania in pickle bottles, and than the Tasmani&ns; took to sending them over wholesale in their fruitcases. Many orcbardists had sever seen a moth up to date, either in or out of a bottls. If fruitgrowers would turn to and thoroughly cultivate and otherwise attend to their gardens, the moth could be cleared out easily in a couple of years. As it was, one dirty orcbardist was enoojjb .to counteract the efforts of a dozen olean ones. Wise words, Hr. HOCKLEY, which Bhonld b» taken to heart by many. T is very difSoult to understand what Sir I HBH&Y; PAJIK.ES proposed to himself to gain, when he placed his most recent vote of censure resolution on the business paper of the Assembly. Each renewed attempt on bis part, to force himself back once more into Ilia old and self-absndoned position terminates in renewed discomfiture, and an increased amount of humiliation. It is perfectly ttue that the present occupant of the post of Leader of- the Opposition resembles nothing 10 much as 'the historio jackal in tbe lion's skin, and that he has shown his utter unfitness for tbe position time after time; but then Hr.-BaiD isa lawyer, and he knows full well that possession is nine points of tbe law. Sir HEUBT PAMCSS voluntarily retired to a back seat, and there he must just content himself, until the time comes, as come it will, when he will be called upon once - more to re.atsert bis undoubted superiority to the small fry around him. But it is almost childish folly to attempt to loroe the situation B. JUDGhS, the Prospect and Sherwood M Overseer and Inspector, rendered signal sarvioe at the fire at Sherwood Post-office, last Wednesday evening. Be was one of the first upon the soene, and, aided by his son, 'lie put the fire out before it had time to get a thorough hold upon the building. In tbat, he made the Insurance Society a present of £260;—and there is no doubt that the officials of tbe Society have sufficient turn to see, that, on the merits of tbe case, and to give themselves a big business lift, their dnty is to make tbe man a suitable present in recognition of. ilis prompt action aBd bard work. The only man residing in the vioinity, and capable of doing, tinder other circumstances, what Ur. JUDOSS did, had to run off for the'fireengines. The old householder, who was left on the foece of the fire, was too feeble and too scared to do aught but stand and watch the place burning. Ro, looking at the matter, fairly, all round, tlx. JUDGES is heartily to be congratulated npon his exploit; and, further, deserves thanks in a practical form, from those most benefitted by bis deed. 