The Breaking of the Drought. (BY GBJLY STEIL.) She was the prettiest girl on the Myall, bar none ; all the fellows who came from np and down the river for .miles were agreed on that point. She 'could ride Tin Cat, the worst buck jumper in the district, and hit a bird on the wing with the best shots round ; the snakeskin belt she wore with her white muslin frock had been skinned by her own deft hands. She wasn't afraid of ghosts, or the dark, or a long, lonely walk through the bush, and she didn't look under the bed before turning in at night. But she couldn't have cooked a chop to save her life, and she made it quite a matter of conscience never to be seen in the company of a broom or a needle. Her days were spent in the open air, dreaming of things that might be and tacking in quite a friendly way to the gaunt old gum trees. A girl with a great heart, a quick brain, and a most charming personality. No wonder some of the fellows were led a bit of a dance. It had not rained for months, and everything was like matchwood. Old Dacre was Bet- ting all the hands to work barning trails across the run in case of bush fires. Tom Harris had come over from the river after starting the drovers north, and was talking of the bay horse who had baulked at the sliprail and thrown his rider heavily. Miss Dacre lis- tened with a good deal of interest. " Stopped dead at the rail," said Harris, " just as we got to the top of the bank, and ehot poor Lang- dale into the mud." «'Was he hurt ? " asked a fresh voice in pure, round tones, perfectly unaffected. "Yes, bruised his fetlock a good deal and " I mean the man ? " " Oh, yes. He fell on his shoul- der. I am afraid it is dislocated. His arm looks pretty squiffy. The poor fellow fainted with the pain." " Where have they taken him ? " "Back to our quarters. He's all right. Jones is looking to the wounded arm." " Jones knows as much as a baby, father ! I'll go round with Mr. Harris and eee that the poor fellow gets all he wants." So that was how Langdale had such an innings and made all the fellows mad with jealousy. She used to go down every day to see him, looking as fresh as the morning, and there she would stay until noon, reading, and talking, and feeding the very contented invalid with all sorts of dainties. Harris ground his teeth, and kept silent for a while. At last he spoke. *« I can't stand it, Mary. You're always down there with him, and I hear you chatting and laughing whenever I pass the place, and it makes me mad to think you can be so happy when I'm not with you. You can't go to see him again ; he's all right now." " He's not all right, Tom. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. I wonder you haven't more charity." Charity be hanged ! " " Because you've never been ill your- self, you haven't a bit of sympathy for other people. The days of convalescence always drag fearfully." " I suppose that's the reason you stay there longer every day ? " " I suppose it" " Well, you are not to go again." «* Well, Tom, I will." " I forbid you, Mary." " We will be very happy in our married life if you are going to get mad with jealousy every time I speak to a man." She was regarding him with a fine scorn. What right had he to bully her? Now if he had asked as a favor But he didn't, so they had a fine old quarrel, and he went away with his heart sore and angry, and she walked straight down to where Langdale's hammock swung in the verandah, not because she had intended to go there, but because she had been forbidden-that settled it-very indignant, very much in the right, of course, and equally, of course, on the verge of tears. Langdale lost his head when she gave him her hand and looked down at him with sweet, wet eyes, A pucker that denoted temper, and not pain, as he thought, had gathered on her white brow. He was very gentle and deferential, and said all sorts of tender, consoling things, and she listened-Tom Harris's sweetheart listened to another man's wooing. And then-well, because she was so angry, and just to show that she didn't care, and because-because she hated him, she engaged herself to that other man. When Harris heard of it he went straight to the devil, as men generally do the first chance they get of putting the blame on someone else's shoulders, and the girl's proud heart grieved and grieved, and nearly broke in its grieving ; but he never came back-never gave her a chance. Langdale had a pretty rough time of it,, and at last got his conge. He too took it badly. And so time went on. The long drought showed no sign of breaking. Old Dacre was getting sick of seeing the stock dying round, him. The station was in the handB of the banks, and the future looked very black indeed for the girl who had stood in the full lustre of life's sunshine but two short years before. But she took things bravely for all that, and her face only blanched a shade from its usual paleness when she heard that Tom Harris had come back to the Myall. The woman who told her never knew, never guessed the truth, but Mary felt that all her life's blood surged for one terrible moment round her heart, then almost seemed to pause before it dyed her cheeks with a crimson stain, and crept slowly in a scorching wave down her white neck over her whole body. Oh, not to have lo face her father's anxious eyes, to get away anywhere, to be alone, quite alone, for a long long time. With a sudden curious haste and a feeling of being pursued she walked in a blind, unconscious kind of way across the flat, struggling with the dry burrs that clung to her dress and caught her ankles, and seemed in her pain like a million hands pushing her back and hurting her-on, on, down to the hollow, where the still lagoon stretched its lazy length at the feet of the gum trees, the old sweet trysting place where they bad first told each other of their love. A woman was standing on the bank holding by the hand a toddling child, who laughed with glee as he splashed his chubby naked feet in the shallow water, and the man the father-who took the boy up in his strong arms and held him high above his head, and called him " heavy little Tom," w«s the man whom Mary Dacre had loved with all the strength of her great heart. Without a word, without a sigh, she fell unconscious to the ground. They never The Clarence River Heads, New South Wales. Engraved from u black and white drawing by Miss J. Palmor. noticed her ; how should they, wrapped up in their boy ? Toe wife put ber hand through her husband's arin, and the child crowed and laughed on his shoulder as they walked slowly homewards, and the senseless woman still lay there prone upon the earth. The shadows grew longer and longer ; all the glory of the bloodred sunset grew and faded in the still lagoon ; from the end of the hollow where the river ran came the sweet, hushed bubbling of the water as it flowed quietly over the smooth stones ; a jackass sitting on a log close by laughed. The woman stirred. The glory of the sunset died and the twilight crppt with long, slow footsteps over the earth, the low voice of the river grew slower still and softer like the voice of a tiny child crooning itself to sleep. The jackass laughed again long and loudly. Those who heard it said it. was a sign of r&in.; The woman rose and walked very slowly up the steep bank out of the hollow across the flat, brown with long reaches of the prickly burr. In the night rain came. Such rain t Great, heavy drops teeming and coming down ic sheets. No thunder or lightning, no 6oft showers, only the steady pouring for awhile, then renewed bursts, as if all the floodgates of heaven were unloosed. Through, the long 24 hours of the day and night they listened to it and watched it. There was nothing to be done ; neither horse nor man cared to face the blinding grey wall which drove unremittingly downwards to the earth. On the second morning the roaring of the river drowned all other sound-the rain had ceased for awhile. They watched it anxiously. Would it fall ? If it broke over the bank they would have to drive all the stock up on the hill ; the river flats were lakes already, the lagoon was swollen to a roaring torrent. At noon the water was spreading all over the flat, and the river waB still rising. All the station hands were hard at work, and Mary Dacre waa riding by her father's side as he shouted directions to the men. The rain had begun again in a light drizzle. Suddenly her heart stood still. She saw a tiny babe splashing with chubby, naked feet in tho shallow water. She drew her hand across her eyes. What nonsense 1 That was over. She had seen that all two days ago. She looked again. The child crowed, and laughed, and splashed. There was no one near. Merciful Heaven ! Three yards from where the babe was playing the ground dipped, and the still, brown water covered up the snare. Dacre gave a 8 tart as the horse at his side bounded sud- denly forward. " Take care, Mary; he's fresh," the man shouted, and then, " What are you doing ? " for she had dis- mounted. She called the child gently, afraid of fright ening him. «Tom, Tom, come to me ; come here ! " Was her heart lead or fire ? The little one looked up and laughed. *. Come, dar 1 i n g-c o m e , good baby." The child tod- dled further forward to get away from her, and fell. Ah! What she dread- ed had hap- pened. One moment of agony, and then a child, and, quick after it, a horse and rider, -were struggling in the brown water where the ground dipped. There seemed to be a strong un dercurrent. The horse was swimming. It must haye been deeper than she thought. Probably the land had slipped away under the strong pressure of the wat- r. The child struggled and cried, clinging to her neck in fear. The roar of th« river became sudden- ly distinct. The horse, heavily weighted, was getting exhausted. There was no time to be lost. With a sudden dexterous movement sbe slipped the bridle off his head and bound the child tightly to the pommel of the saddle with the reins, then ^lid gently off his back into the water. The brute, relieved of his burden, struck out bravely for the shore with all his failing strength. A hoarse cry went up from the watchers on the bank as they dragged him out of the water, and took the child-quite unhurt- from his back. The woman, cumbered by her long Bkirts and heavy boots, sank almost immedi- ately ; then came up a jain right in the swirl of the current. For the space of a second a white face and the sheen of golden hair sped past in the mad rush of the river ; then, while they watched it helplessly, disappeared from view. 