CRUMBS. A substantial remittanoe, mind. A cry from Queensland for help. Wanted £250,000—gob £1,106,425. Simpleton has von again m India. Icelanders emigrating to Manitoba. " AU mankind's oonoern is ohaiity." The blessings of a oonoiliatory spirit. Plenty of looal money available at £4 lis, 3d. English papers full of agricultural depres sion. Electors waiting to hear the polioy, Sir John. Baron de liissa, Rajah of Sooloo, in.a new light. Mr. John Dunn, of Monnt Barker, 91 years of age. Water conservation the great need of the interior. Mr. McTaggart a true friend of the honest labourer. The Earl of Kintore not "resigned," but cheerful. Another magnifioient P. and O. steamer the Himalaya. i A new chums' Australian exploring expedi tion mooted. t "Dairying is to be the staple support of this colony. The Arabic for " Glory to God !" is " Al hamd-alila !" Fancy the mangrove being a valuable artiole of commerce. The Elder Expedition accomplished a good deal after all. H. S. Taylor prefers to close his eyes and walk by faith. Lord Kintore doesn't intend to leave before his term is up. The surf dance of Fiji must be a terpsi cborean triumph. _ The G.O.M. s big speech was awaited with eager impatienoe. Estimated that £20,000,000 is lying in the Melbourne Banks. John Dunn 91 last Monday. Many happy returns of the day. When primitive man had supplied his wants he desoended to art. Wanted more confidenoe in South Australia by South Australians. Some of those native names are very musical, Mr. Lindsay. The Lindsay camelcade did more than dis cover a spinefex beetle. Handover again disqualified for six montbB, with his trainer, Smith. Last year's imports £7,395,178; exports, £7,819,639. Went slow. | The Maharaja of Coooh-Behar has bought ! Mr. Ferry's late gelding. ! i Mr. Charles Hains, the Fort Adelaide auc tioneer, aged 72, is dead. I The greatest engineer of the age will prob ' ably end his days in prison. The Crumbman sends greetings to the patriarch of Mount Barker. The Paraguayan army will be proud of its ! N ew Australian contingent. | Barou da Lissa regards the English as good ! colonizers all over the world, f®." The end uetifies the means" has ever I proved a doctrine of the devil. A handsome sum will go from Adelaide to l help the flooded Queenslanders. I No Association, whatever its platform, oan claim a monopoly of patriotism. I | f The Labour party are buildiDg their plat- ! form very cautiously and slowly. The last few years have witnessed some ex traordinary wreokages of reputations. 1 Observer s estimate of the wheat yield very favourably commented on by the trade. Many anti-Socialists think the New Aus tialians should be encouraged in every way. Mr. Gladstone proposes that the sovereign power in Ireland shall devolve to the Vice roy. " If all faddists would clear out, we might take heart of grace," is a sentiment often heard. Was Felixstowe Bridge declared to be safe for traffic beforeMr. Playford and lady walked ai ross? Irish members inclined to grumble at the proposed reduction of their numbers at West minster. The new reservoir at Happy Valley will con serve at its least capacity 2,769,000,009 gallons of water. When these two Civil servants leave to play cricket in England will their salaries run on aU the same ? Surplus of wheat available for shipment, 210,000 tons, at the present shipping value of £1.330,870. " The kingdom of God and His right doing" to be started in New Australia. O, my pro phetio soul! " The calamity is of its kind unparalleled in Australasia within the memory of the present generation." The exalted position which M. de Lesseps once oooupied makes his degradation all the more severe. lllilinnn, Yeeluginna, and Yarunna are more melodious than Foint Fater, Mount Agnes, Mount Mann. Is it not about time the Premier said some thing about his polioy, or is be waiting for the labour platform 1 Harry Taylor thinks that " at the worst we can be no worse off in Paraguay than here." Sweet simplicity. Ferdinand and Charles de Lesseps sentenced to five years in gaol .and to pay a fine of 6,000 francs each. The dome of the Palais de Justioe in Brussels is constructed of papier-maohe, and weighs about sixteen tons. "Henry is a great head worker," said the fond mother. "He won several prizes at College for sculling." Three or four years henoe the Adelaide and suburban water supply available will be nearly 6,000,000,000 gaUouB. Will thoBe blackfellows at Fort Darwin be hanged or be allowed free board and lodging for life at Dry Greek 2 If we only believed that it is more blessed to give than to receive, how quickly would all necessities be supplied. Princess Marie Louise, the eldest daughter of the Duke of Parma, is betrothed to Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria. There is a Salvation Army Bank in every town in the United Kingdom where there is a divisional head-quarters. The Isle of Wight giant has seven toes on each foot and five fingers and a thumb on each hand. He is a Salvationist. The Borneons detest the Spaniards, and will not be oontrolled by the Dutch, but re gard the English with favour. "The German clerk is what the London employer is now swearing by, and what the young Englishman swears most at." Those Unley requiBitionists'd id not forget to1 remind the Mayor of deneig that Unley is the bead polling place in the district. The earnest ana the brave (and the foolishly reckless 2) to be sifted from the faltering and. the timid (and the wise and prudent 7) Messrs. Jenkins and Stook are requested to give an account of their Parliamentary stewardship to-morrow evening at Unley. Those who despise fame seldom deserve it. It is a spark which kindles upon the best fuel, and burns brightest in the bravest breast. The chances ace that Smith Australia will be a larger exporter of grain when some of the new exporting oountries beoome importers. It ia false that equality is a natural law. Nature baa made nothing equal. Its sove reign law is subordination and dependence. Aa the cabman knows the raw in his burse and outs at it; so the moat refined direct tli -sir hits at the tenderest points in their friends. ■ There exiBta in the eoonomy and course of nature'.an' indissoluble union' between virtue and happiness, between duty and advantage. Country.J.P. to prisoner—"Look herei; suppose'I fine,you 5s., how will .that do? Prisoner demurred, but finally agreed,'and paid the fine. ■ : ■ i ' Tennyson's grave in Westminster Abbey nf>n hi turns to be. visited by bundredsof persons, some of whom jAjK.,wreaths of flowers on the poot^s srrivfii • > \ ;lhe peculiar' difficulties which'the toilers of the humbave to fade are fraught with an in terest which is not confined to any one section of the people. . "Never before in the history of ourcouiiory has there been expressed by the olasses such a desire to adjust grievances, to reconcile parties, end to work for the common weal as to-day. — Rev. G. E. Rowe. A correspondent threatens to publish the names of sundry late-to-bed gentlemen for their wives' information. Why, the wives know without that. It is not a little curious that, while an Aron bishop sufBoes for England, Sootlaud, which has less claim, boasts two in Archbishops Macdonald and Eyre. . Mr. Summers, M.P., who died of smallpox on January 1, was one of the strongest anti vaooinationists in the House of OommonB. He was vaccinated in infanoy. The study of Governments— To promise, pause, prepare, postpone, And end by letting things alone; In short, to earn the people s pay By doing nothing every day. "A colonial Constitution with Imperial re presentation upon Imperial subjects. This is the measure of Home Rule which Mr. Glad* stone proposes to confer upon Ireland. _ The Father of the House of OommonB is the Right Hon. C. P. Villiere. He has continu ously represented Wolverhampton since 1838. , He completed hie 80th year on January 2. J Mr. Charles Warner has made a theatrical ' hit in the new Socialistic drama A boat Paradise." " Mr. Warner was never seen to greater advantage than as_ the patient, courageous, and devoted superintendent, says j the London Era. I A religious editor, commenting on "New Australia," refere to the Hebrew spieB viBitmg "Esehol,5'and remarks—"Joshua and Caleb entered a sort of minority protest against the finding of the committee, and the weary hosts of Israel wenb over Jordan and took posses- j tion." Moses was wrong, then. ! The Of/server's harvest estimate was prepared . absolutely without referenoe to any one in the trade or out of it, and yet in the case of one firm the quantity stated as available for export —220,000 ton6—is identically the same, ana in another instanoe the estimate of 6 bushels 41 , lb. only exceeds by a few pounds the figures of a firm of wheatbuyers. Prom a love-letter lately read in an English breaeh-of-promiee suit" I wish, my darling, that you would nob write me Buch long letters. ) If you were to bring an action for breach of ; promise against me the lawyers would oopy ■ the correspondence between us ana charge , fourpence for every seventy-two words. The , shorter the letters the more we save from the j "Thomas Edison, it is stated, is a confirmed t vegetarian, seldom eats or drinks, but smokes twenty cigars a day. Hois deaf of both ears, but his mind " cuts through questions like a saw," and he is deaoribed as a glutton for work. He pays $200,000 yearly to maintain his laboratory, is rated at $3,000,000, and is getting richer every year. Over 400 patents have ^ready been issued to him. Woodville is full lof wants. A resident writes:—"'We want the gas laid on to our railway station. We want the powers that be to Burpress the foul smells whfoh compel our dosing doors and windows some of the hot days and night. We want telephonic connec tion with the city and suburbs. We wanti a house to house delivery of our letters. In this matter we are an age behind our neighbours. A bronze statue of Charles Dickens has been offered to the London City Council; but inhiB will the noveliBt expressed the Iwish that no monument of any kind should be erected to bis memory. The offer was refused. What need of monument or bust To keep the memory green, Of him whose works will ever be In every household seen. The Statist eaya" The late Lord Tenny son was prudent in his investments. His personalestate of £55,700 inoluded about £20,000 in New Threes and1 Bank of England stock, £5,000 in South-Western, GreatEaatem, and Great Western debenture stocks, and £2,250 in Canadian; Pacific Land bonds TTii copyrights do not seem to have been over valued at the price (£10,000) which was put upon^them, but, of course, they are] net likely to be foifsale." . The result of the Gcnueiwman plebiscite as to whether women desire to vote for members of Parliament was 8,301 for and 1,158 against. The " total possible poll" is put at 47,000. The editor says—" It is evident from the faot that 1,168 women, eaoh acting for herself, wrote out and posted her vote, that indifferenoe is giving place to a muoh more active interest in the question, and that if women are ever to have the vote it is more or less merely a ques tion of maintaining the enthusiasm of its ad vocates, spreading -more widely the know ledge of the subject, and extending the organi sation of the movement to every town ana village in the kingdom." 'Yeksabiks.—During the fifteenth oeutury when the seeds of the Reformation alias the " great schism" sown by Wieklrfle and Huss were beginning to germinate, a Church y Coun cil was held at Ferrara to settle the disputes that bad arisen re the use of unleavened bread in the communion, the nature of purgatory, the supremacy of the Pope, and the coming of the Holy GhoBtt. And the Emperor John Palmologns, who attended' thiB Synod, made his triumphal entry at Venice, February 9, 1438, and this is Gibbon's description of the affair " He sailed in the. Buoentaur, w^ioh was accompanied by twelve stately galleys, the sea was overspread' with innumerable gon dolas of pomp and pleasure, the air resounded' with music and aoolhmations, the manners, and even the vessels were dressed in silk and1 gold, and in all the emblemB and pageants the Roman eagles were blended with the bbns of St. Mark. The prooeesion ascended the neat oanal, passed unaSr the bridge- of' the Rialto, and the eastern strangers razed with admira tion on the palaces, the Churches; and the popnloUBnees ofa city that seemed to float on the bosom of Hie waves;" Obit.—Isaac Yossius died' February 10, 1689, aged Bixty-one. He was born at Leyden, possessed great patural talents, acquired a high reputation for his extensive learning, went to England in 1670; obtained from Charles Hi a oanomy of Windsor and apart ;ments in Windsor Castle, and the degree of !LL.D. from the University of Oxford, pub lished numerous-erudite works, was rude in bis manner, did not believe in the divine origin of the Christian religion, was exceedingly oredu Ioub opon all other matters, induced Charles II. ,to say, "This learned man is a strange divine, he will believe anything exoept the Bible," and it is said that when he attended divine service in Windsor Chapel he used to read Ovid's "Ars Amandi" instead of his prayer-book. He had oritipally.ntndied -every European language without, being ,,able ,tp speak one of them oorreotly; he was'familiar with the manners and customs of the ahoienti, but profoundly ignorant of the affairs of-ordi narylife; and was prevailed upon to -take the sacrament on his deathbed, "not for the Jove of God bnt for the honour- of; the " which he belonged." Wh^tac heterogenous idiosyncracies. ' Obit.—Among 'the many notables who in the illimitable -past "shuffled off this mortal coil" on February 18 WBre the following <— Andronicus II., Emperor of the East, gave np the ghost in a] cloister, 1332., He, suooeeded Michael Yin. in' 1283. Yonmay perhaps remember that thiB said Mlifiael1 was tfegedt during the minority of John Lascaris, whom he deprived oi his throne and his eyes in 1261, and that he himself,wag exoommunicated by Pope Martin IV. for ierreouraghig heresy-find schism, As for Andronicus he in his tum.was deprived of his throne by a revolt headed by his grandson, Andronicus the younger. Nioe doingB in those days. Catherine Howard, daughter of Edmond Howare^sarnt how hard it was to please her Royal husband. She was married to Henry VIIL in 1543, and was de prived of herheaa by that head of the Church in 1545. Cellini, the illustrious Florentine artist, made his exit in 1570, aged 09. He was a notorious scamp in his you(feJ»t hiB sculp tures are the admiration of the world even unto this day. Elizabeth. Stuart, Queen of Bohemia, daughter of James VI. of Scotland and I. of England,' wife of Frederick, King of Bohemia, departed this life 'in 1662, having given birth .to}.,thirteen children, including the Prineess Sophia, from whom our gracious Queen ViotoriiHijw descended. Fax.—You know as well as' I do that the study of the five tneohanioal powers induoed Archimedes to exclaim, "Give me a fulorum, , and I will move the earth out of its place." [ But our modern philosophers, the juggling ! Japanese, beat that hollow. They profess to move the heavens and the ruler thereof by the magic force of a wheel and axle. "They have a square post nearly eight feet long, and at a convenient height a vertical wheel is fixed i which moves readily on an axle passed through the post. Two small rings are strung upon 5 eaoh of the three Bpokes of the wheel. Every person who twists this instrument in passing, is supposed to obtain credit in Heaven for one or more prayers inscribed on the pOBt, the number being graduated aooording to the ) vigour of the performer's _ devotions infused I into his right arm. The jingle of the small : iron rings is believed to arrest the attention of : the deity to the invocation of the devout, and the greater the noise the more certain of its being listened to. Here is one of the sacred aphorisms inscribed on this post:—"As the : floating grass is blown by the gentle breeze, i or the glancing ripples of autumn disappear when the sun gore down, or as the Bhip returns home to her old shore, so is life : ib is asmoke, a morning tide." Rather mixed Mr. Jap. I 'Vebsaeies.—St. Valentine's Day. The I praoticeB conneoted with the return of St. ! Valentine's Day are now nearly all obsolete. ; The Saint himself was a Bishop who was < honoured with the crown of martyrdom in the j reign of Claudius II., Emperor of Rome, 4.D. ( 271. They say in Europe that on this day the , birds choose their mates. Hence the old madrigal began, 'Twas on the mora of Valentine, when birds began to prate; ' ' That Jack and Joe and Bet and Sue they all began to mate. But our antiquarian Orumbman says that " it was not-the pretty warblers of the grove that taught theyouDgmenandmaidenB when to mate, but the custom originated in anoient Rome, where during the month of February the feasts of Lupeioaha were celebrated in honour of their worships Fan and Juno, you know, and so amidst a variety of ceremonies the names of young maidens were put into a'box, from which they were indiscriminately drawn by the men. But as the priests of the early Christian Cburoh could not extirpate this ancient custom they adroitly turned the stream into another channel by associating it with the name of Valentine, whom the authorities of Pagan Rome h^d1 first "beaten with many stripes," and then beheaded. Fax.—Mr. William Hutton was a traveller and you know " travellers see many wonder ful things." ' And round the world this blade had been To see whatever cenld be seen. • And among the many wonderful things that he saw and heard of and admired or did not admire was a lady named Miss Phoebe Bouu, of" Matlock, a beautifully situated village of Derbyshire on the DerWffilt. And this is What "Doubleyou Aitch has to say about the lady :-tt" Her step at thirty was very, manly, and oould cover forty miles a day. Shq- oould lift a hundredweight with each hand, and with the wind in her face send her voioe a mild I1 'She could knit, cook, and spin, but hated them all with every accompaniment to -the female character exoept modesty. If any gentleman made a mistake as to thiB latter attribute she knocked him down. She could hold the plough, drive thd'team, and thatch the rioks, but her chief avooation wds breaking in-fibrses, without a saddle, at'-a guidea a Waeek.' .She was an excellent shot and a great reader; Jond of Shakspeare, and doubtless of the musical glasses, sinoe she played the bass viol at Mat Jock Church." What a nioe' "young man's beBt companion!" 