CHURCH OF CHRIST, COROWA. At tbe Church of Christ on Sundayevoning last Mr. Claphani replied to five ques tions whioh had brec submitted to him, wDh reference to the ordinance of baptism. The attend »noq In tbe Church was ex- ceedingly largo, and utter - tho usnal orvioe tbo pteaoher proceeded to reply to the following questiona 1st. To give ono. verso prohibltiog infant disaiidev. from helog bapttied. The prenober first defined ' a disciple, and said that in Ihe scriptures It signified a believer, ohristiun, follower of Christ. He qnotcd sevtril verses which referred to the distinction of a disotple. ' There1 was no verso in ' tbe soripture that prohibited the introduction of iftfsnti'to the ordinandi instituted by Christ, but be pointed out that infants were unable to recognise their faith.. If a nun wished to follow Cbrht he must deby hitn- self— that was impossible in a babe. Ke- pentsuoo and obedience in accordance with God's , law's are absolute necessities - to qualify a prion to beo-ime oompetenfc for baptism. lofants could not comply with tho conditions of- discipleship, but It way not to bo' Imagined by th<it that thuy were t> bo denlod the future enjoyments jo GodV abode .whtch sto promised .to mankind. Christ's raiesiun to' earth wos lo'paytof tbem'-the poDul'y of .God's law., Quc&iljn; number -2 was "utvo ono verro repealing tho Uw that admUted.cov'euaht children to membership in thq Jewish Church." ; With rsforenco 'tA.'tbls question, the preahher simply replied to tbo effect that that law never was repealed. Question .3 was '"to prove that the-lbree thousaud baptised at Pontcoit wero all believers bforo.t.d not after) baptism. -Th'o' pWuobcr referred to the celebration of the -Frost of Pentecost, end.tbenquotiM from Acts, tl: "Andfter saiduntotbem Repeot'and ho baptised, every, one of you .In tho namo Qfr Jvsue Christ, for the remission of sins, and yo shall receive tho gift of the Hcly Ghost." .The . fourth question wno "to prove, from 8orJp(ur6, thut »il Lydia'a household Mr. Clapham said that his friends eccmed to think that Lj'dia was a mirrird woman, .whilrt'tbero'.wos nothing to iodlcato that such was tho c-isc. . 8hs w&s; a husinosa women, artd journeyed from placo to placv doing trade, and there who no preof what ever (»f hof bcibfr a family woman. ' Theeo people were baptised at Philllpi, and eho resided at Thyaiira, nnd U was not likely that her household. cold ounluin. children having to travel about to tbo extent of some 3(jflnp4iVluii(i|ii. Otinnliim S ri>riii. «lnil him " to givo d text whrroby baptism Is couflnrd -to belifvere." The prrochcr draw th atten tion of his listeners to the elub'h. chapter, of Aots, wbrreio Philip uas directed to meet tno lsthroptan who »as on bis way from Jerusiiluo, and expressed bis wish to bo b-iuliscd. ' Philip m ido It a condition that bo should first 1m itrve, fie also referred them to thu .ninth chapter of Aots, deal- log with Barn's baptism tbroo days after ma conversion, to' OvauooMB Wbaxnbbs.)— Pepper's Quinine and Iron Tonto gives New Lif« Appetite, Health, 8trcngtb, Energy. Cares Nouralgia, Indigestion, Nervo Debility. Specially nsefol In hot, deprroring climates or mdlarlouB' districts. Evcrycno abonld k»ep ppi strvogih - by tsklog Pippcrs's Quinine,' thb world-known English Tonic. Bottles ovorywbtre, 