CRICKET. A. H. Jar vis might have kept his "off color" for the ocean. His batting in the first innings against Victoria was wofully weak, and his ^ wicketkeeping on Saturday was \jp> painful. Matters have come to a <queer pass when small boys ironically cheer our crack wicketkeeper for having stopped a ball. It is to be ihoped that Affy will get the dust out of^his eyes before he reaches England. Jack Reedman's first performance was sad. He wanted to hit every thing he could reach, and he paid the penalty. Jack was perhaps sore that he is not a member of the Australian Eleven (as he ought to be), but he forgot his pettishness in the second innings, and played sterling cricket until he was unfortunately run out. A supporter of a certain member of the Australian Eleven (not a South Australian) backed him to put away more liquor than a man who plays for •one of our City Oval clubs. This is a strange sort of recommendation for a reputedly first-rate cricketer. Graham was backed to beat Giffen's score. The youngster certainly bats and fields well, but he has a lot to learn before he can claim to be in the same rank as our champion. Jack Lyons hit fourers, and mopped his face on his sleeve. His batting on Saturday was wonderfully brilliant it was perhaps the best innings South Australians have ever seen him play, .and the catch which disposed of him would have meant a fiver on any other oval. Good boy, Harry Blinman. Quiz is ashamed of himself for leaving you out of the team he selected for the last contest, but his excuse must be that he thought you were not quite well. Your scores and your fielding were an ample justification of your inclusion in the eleven. Likewise good boy, JoeTardif. Joe is cool and level headed in the field, and doesn't as a rule care who the bowler may be when he is batting. Giffen might have given him a turn with the ball. Fred Jarvis deserves credit for keeping down runs when he was trundling; Amos was a failure. Jones wants taking in hand by competent instructors, and a season with English professionals would do him a world of good. Carlton is really an excellent bowler. He stuck up our batsmen several times. So did Bob McLeod, but the off theory business of Phillips ought not to have been so successful as it proved to be. By-the-bye, Phillips does not know what winter is. He summers in Melbourne and in London. When our hot season is over he sets off for England, being employed as a ground bowler at Lords, and he lands in .r . . » Australia in tune to brace up his system by inhaling our hot winds and dust. Harry is worth his place in any Victorian team on- account of his fielding alone He is smarter than Bannerman in a portion of the field where Bannerman was supposed to be invincible. Trott is as good at point as ever he was. But he is not the same bowler. George Giffen's miss—but no, the sentence completed would scarcely be original. Laver looks as if he were going to break off at the joints every time; but he is a fine, cool batsman all the same. The Victorian fielding was the best seen on the Oval since Sheffield's Eleven were here. When all is said and done George Giffen's performance stands out pro minently above the other men in either team. There was a reaction in feeling towards Walter Giffen, and he really batted well and fielded ^capitally. Several sporting wagers have been made that he will be amongst the first five in averages on the English tour. Lyons avers that Walter was caught off a bump ball in the second essay. George Giffen is the Carbine of cricket. To capture 9 wickets in one innings and to score. 43 and 181 constitute a ■marvellous feat. Many people would have given a pound each to see Giffen carry out his bat. If South Australians want to field well they must practise assiduously. Go down to the Oval on week days and you will see the style of fielding adopted. It is done by outsiders. " Thank you," is the cry when a ball is hit, the players meantime discussing the winners at the next race meeting. » An English visitor expressed himself very favorably impressed by Walter Giffen's batting in the first innings, and predicts that he will be a success in the old country. Fred Jarvis, who has gone somewhat to seed since the commencement of the season, showed something like a return to his old form in his second innings. It was a small edition of Jack Lyons. He" nearly knocked Dimboola Jim's right hand off. "Farmer" Hill will make an excellent batsman. He has plenty of confidence, and his defence is good. He deserves every credit for his in valuable stay of an hour and a half at the wickets on Monday. Lyons's innings was magnificent in hitting; Giffen's magnificent in mastery and perfection. Dimboola Jim (Phillips) would scarcely get a wicket if he did not persist in the wearying off theory. George Giffen's valedictory perform ance with bat and ball will be a big advertisement for the Australian Eleven in England. Although little Harry has been playing cricket for well nigh 20 years, he showed the best fielding of the twenty-two players. In making his 181 without a ghost of a chance, George Giffen was a day and a half at the wickets and used four bats. Young Graham is not only a brilliant cricketer, but a splendid footballer. He was mixed up in the little fracas at the Crown and Sceptre last season. The Sydney contingent of the Aus tralian Eleven were cheered when they put in an appearance on the Adelaide Oval. Verily the revival of cricket is enthusiastic. Percy Lewis made one or two appeals against Giffen of which he must have been ashamed. " Confound that man Harry," growled a South Australian, "he's cost us at least 100 runs." "McLeod expressed surprise that the verdict was not against him in that run out, and he would not have felt very sore had he been given out when George Giffen so smartly threw his wicket down. The luck was all against South Australia: Reedman's run out; Harry Blinman playing the ball on to his foot, thence into the wicket; Walter Giffen dismissed off a bump ball; Laver's costly " lifeand M'Leod actually run out. Victoria won the match by five wickets. After all considered the result is not discreditable to South Australia. 