A LIFE WITHOUT REGRETS. By George Hepworth. . New York Independent. Elnathan Pebble was his name; * Be sides himself and his wife^who was a. brunette with several flashes of lightning concealed under her eyelids, there were, four little Pebbles, two in their teens,, one rapidly approaching them, and one. in cne craaie. Pebble was born to be a poor man and a poet. As to the former, he ful filled his destiny completely ; as to the latter, I am sorry to declare that Dame. Nature must have been called away by a more pressing engagemement before he was finished, and left the work to an. apprentice. He had a poet's genius in a state of arrested development ; that is to say, he revelled in the beautiful things above and around him, but his thoughts 'never took the shape of verse. I think .he thoroughly enjoyed being alive and 'was ' shut up in measureless content.' Pebble was rich with an income of fifteen hundred dollars, and used to say : ' I have the untold wealth of the uni verse at my command — the sunshine and the clouds by day, and the gorgeous ?firmament by night. What more can a man ask for? In winter I watch the falling snowflakes, and in summer I de light in the flowers. All the rest is I harassment and anxiety.' He lived in a world of his own, and one Saturday afternoon as we were sit ting by the window, the baby on his knee, he turned to me and said softly : ' Every man makes his own environment ?out of the raw materials which are piled up by the Lord. He can have jusfc the kind of surroundings he likes best, if he knows how to build them.' I lifted my eyebrows and puffed a ?cloud of smoke to the ceiling. He saw that I had taken the shape of an interro gation point, and went on : ' The ordinary North American busi ness man makes a world in which the chief elements, so far' as I can discover, are anxiety and restlessness. He is in a * skiff on the rapids. The dream of a million lures him on, and he spends most of his time in avoiding jutting, jagged rocks. If he strikes one of them, he is gone. What does he get in payment for his labour, his nervous exhaustion, and the physical and moral risks he runs ? If successful, he piles up so much money that he can't spend it ; and if there is one misfortune which towers above all others, it is to have so large an accumu lation that you don't know what to do with it. The position of such a man is both ridiculous and pitiful. He carries a blessing so far that it becomes a curse. ' He begins by saying to himself, I will make hard gold my slave, and he ends in an abject servitude to the precious metal which is monstrous to contemplate. . I have nothing in common with such men. Perhaps that is my misfortune. ' I can't help it. I am reminded of the lines of Lowell : ' They pass me like shadows, crowds on crowds, Dim ghosts of men, that hover to and fro, Hugging their bodies round them like their shrouds W herin their souls were buried long ago. ' ' Take the rich man's son, a youngster with his pockets full of bills, with his horses, his dogs, his clubs, what does he amount to, any way ? He would be hap pier if he were compelled to saw wood three hours a day in hot weather, and ?cut ice in winter. He is, however, an ?aristocrat, so far as money can make him one, and it would never do to soil his hands with honest labour. But it's -all right, quite in good form for him to .gamble his nights away, drink cham pagne enough to make his lips purple, and indulge in such lascivious delights that modesty hides her face and inno cence- flees in affright. ' I tell you, my good friend, that money is only another name for the Devil, and the habitation it builds for the soul is a good deal like the infernal regions. It promises to purchase every thing for your comfoit and happiness, ?and ends by cheating you out cf every mahly quality you ever possessed. If -there were no goldmines under our feet, and men had to barter potatoes for -clothes, and raised the potatoes to do it with, the millenium would be at our ?doors. I believe the Lord made the sky and the grass, and the Devil spoiled it all by hiding a lot of gold in the bowels ?of the earth.' ' But money,' I suggested, ' means ?commerce, and commerce means civilisa -turn.' ' 5Tes, civilization,' he replied, with something like scorn. 'What does civilization mean? Nothing but a more refined and corrupt kind of barbarism. Where are what you cal* the frontiers of -civilization in America ? Are they out West, where men carry bowie knives and pistols, hang a horse-thief on the limb of a tree and try him afterward ? Are these your dangerous classes? Humbug ! The dangerous class is in . 'your congested cities, and it consists, not | of the riffraff of creation, but of men and women who have nothing to do and plenty of money to do it with. We look on the roughs and toughs of the border only to loathe them. We glance at the burglars and murderers of New York with either pity or contempt. Do they entice us to lead their kind of life ? Is there any fear of our becoming demoralized by the fascination of such careers as they lead ? I imagine not. If they serve any purpose at all, it is that of horrid examples to be avoided. ' But climb up until you get to the top of society. See the rich men who are always plotting to get some , one else's money into their own pockets, who wreck railroads, despoil widows and orphans of their slender savings, found syndicates on false representa tions for purposes of plunder, and give the impression to every young man in the country that the only thing worth having is the almighty dollar, and that honesty and integrity and personal honour are baubles not worth considera tion. That's where you find the really dangerous class. It makes crime fashion able, provided it is well covered up, and establishes a regime of hungry search after gold at which the angels weep and devils laugh. 'The middle zone of every commun ity is always the most loyal and patriotic and religious. The people who live in it are both virtuous and happy. Below that and above that you come across elements which are a con stant menace to the nation's welfare. ' I tell you, therefore, that although we touch elbows, we live in worlds of our own, and the people whose resid ences are within a stone's throw of each other may be as far apart, and under stand each other as little, as . though one were on Mars and the other on Uranus. 'Give me wholesome poverty and steady work ; you can have all the rest and welcome.' You see from these remarks that Pebble was an idealist. The world in which he lived was unexplored territory to most men. Not to love money for its own sake, and for the envy which it excites among your neighbours, is'~a'n' eccentricity bordering on insanity. To take life as it comes, . to be entirely satisfied with an unpretentious home, and so come back from a stroll by our shop windows with the remark : ' Mother, I've seen a great many things to day which I don't want,', indicates a degree of personal oddity which is almost incomprehensible. Such a per son is a stranger in the crowd. He has nothing in common with his fellows, and might as well have a habitation in the moon, as far as interest in the general fuming and fussing goes. I don't believe Pebble ever looked at a fine house on the avenue without say ing : ' What an awful bore such an establishment must be. I'm glad it's not mine.' He would roam through picture galleries, sit for an hour in un speakable delight before the canvas of a master, but never wish he owned it, ' To all events, and for all practical purposes, it is mine,' he declared ; ' and I get an immense amount of enjoyment out of it. But if it hung on my walls I couldn't sleep at night for fear some accident might happen. I'm glad to see it. and that's all I want. I don't believe that the owner can get much more out of it than I do ; but he has the bother of guarding it, and that must be very troublesome.' One day his employer called him into his private office. 'Pebble, how old are you ?' he asked. ' Thirty-nine,' was the reply. 'And you have oeen with the firm — ' ' Twenty-two years next October.' ' And your salary ?'? 'Is quite large enough.' ' But. I'm getting old, Pebble. You know the business as well as I do. You are hotfest, and I can trust you. On the 1st of January I propose to make you my junior partner. That will allow me to take things easily, and throw the burden on you. Your income will be doubled. You can move into better quarters, and by-and-bye keep a horse and carriage. What do you say, man ? ' Pebble shook his head. ' I've only one life to live,' he answered, slowly. ' Of course ; but you want all you can get, don't you ? ' ' All the what, Mr. Grab ? ' ' All the hard cash, Pebble.' ' No, I think not,' replied the poet. ' I have enough now ; what should I do with it if I had more ? ' Grab stared. ' I don't think I quite comprehend you,' he said, as he looked at Pebble over the bows of his gold rimmed eye-glasses. 'Well, Mr. Grab,' said Pebble, ' may I ask you a few questions ? ' Grab nodded, but with the air of a man who has come across some animal supposed to be extinct. ' How long have you been in busi ness, sir ? ' ' Thirty-four years, Pebble. I began when I was twenty -three, and I am now, let me see, thirty-four and twenty-three are fifty-seven — yes, that's my age.' ' Fifty-seven should bring you into the prime of life, Mr. Grab. You are hale and hearty ? ' 'Not a bit of it, Pebble. You know that well enough. It's because I'm not so. strong as I used to be that I want a partner. Do you suppose I would share my profits with any living man if I could handle the business myself ? I've played a lone hand all these years, and have got to the end of my rope.' ' But you ought to have no ailment, Mr. Grab, at fifty-seven. You should now be able to enjoy yourself more thoroughly than ever.' ' That's all very well, Pebble ; but how is a man to enjoy himself with the gout and the rheumatism tackling him every time the wind blows east ? And if my stomach won't work, how under heaven am I to have a good time ? ' ' Well, if it makes no difference to you, Mr. Grab,' said Pebble, ' I prefer not to have rheumatism and gout, and a weak stomach.' ' You'll make money, Pebble.' This was said with decided emphasis as though that ended the matter. ' Yes ; but I can't eat money,' sug gested the poet. ' What's the good of money if I lose my health ? I'm in first class condition now, and haven't an ache or a pain. If I accept your proposal I shall not only shorten my life but de prive myself of whatever pleasure it con tains. I am very grateful, Mr. Grab, but my income is quite large enough to supply my wants, and I wouldn't take all the money you have in the bank for one rheumatic pang.' Grab was astonished. Any one else would have jumped at the chance to have his identity only half-concealed by the firm name, ' Grab & Co.' ; but Pebble positively refused to be made rich. There was nothing to be said, however, and Grab closed the interview with a gesture which evicted the poet from the private office as a straw in a gale of wind, and the disdainful remark : ' Pebble, I've seen a good many fools in my day, but never such 'an altitudinous idiot as you are. Good-afternoon.' When Pebble was walking home he said to himself : 'I think Grab has a surplus amount of nerve. He actually wants to shift all the responsibility of his business to my shoulders. His offer simply means that he will double my salary if I will consent to have the gout. That's what it amounts to. Am I willing to suffer from rheumatism for a thousand a year, and every six months be cmnpelled to leave those boys and girls of mine and take a trip to some mineral springs, where they'll dose me and soak me until I become a living skeleton ? Would I have my fingers all twisted out of shape for a hundred dollars a month, or my whole digestive apparatus knocked into chaos for another hundred, or regular sick headaches every few weeks for the privilege of driving in the Park with a lot of unstrung nerves ? Why, I think old Grab has offered me a positive in sult, and if he dares to broach the sub ject again, I'll tell him so. I never heard of such a ridiculous project in my life.' (To be Concluded. .) In arousing the feelings, about the weakest conceivable appeal is to tell people how they ought to feel. The opposite emotion is sure to arise. The way to produce an emotion is to present the truth or fact that naturally excites it. Pleading with people to have cer tain feelings, or scolding them because they do not have them, never accom plished its purpose. — The Watchman. 