TIIHE LENTEN SEASON. BISHOP CORBETT'S PASTORAL LETTER. The following is the Lenten Pastoral Letter for 1893, of James Francis, by Divine Grace and Favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Bishop of Sale, to tile clergy and faithful of the diocese, as read in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sale, yes terday : I).AnRLY BELOVED 1N JESUs CIIIRisT, We are again drawing near to the holy season of Lent. The Catholic Church, which, like its Divtfia Founder, knows what is in man, and understands what is for our good better than we do ourselves, has most wisely fixed certain times of special retirement and devotion, when by prayer and meditation, and penitential acets, we may wash off the dust and uncleaniness which settles down uponi our souls in tile busy work of life, and thus be made capable of rising to cerlestial. thoughts and desires. For the soul of man, as spiritual writers tell us, is like unto a feather, which, when clean Sand pure, is lifted up by the slightest breath of air, but when soiled and clogged with dirt, is unmoved by the strongest wind. So the soul of man, when stained and soiled by the cares and attacnments of the world, is fastened down to earthly things; but when cleansed and purified by prayer and penance, is easily moved and lifted up bIy the spirit of God. Would you wish to turn to God with sincerity and effect ? Turn your eyes to Jesus Christin thile desert. H]Is exaillle will instruct you what is necessary to constitute a true conversion. He retires from theCi world. He prays ; He fasts, and resists the temptations of the devil. When you occasionally weigh in your minds the importance of salvation, a thousand obstacles start up, and make it appear extremely difficult, if not quite impossible, to. effect your conversion. The present tiume is all that you can de pend upon, and the means you must employ are those pointed out to you in the example of our Saviour. If you wilh to avoid the occasions of sin, and know the state of your souls, a retreat froim the world is, in a certain degree, indis pensably necessary. Your couunercce with a wicked world, certain companies which you have frequented, certain con nexions which you have formed, have been your ruin. By degrees you have resigned your virtue, and with it the in dependemnce of your will. Your only safety thein is to fly the danger. As lung as you refuse to divorce yourselves from difficulty, to withdraw from conmpjanious who have led you on the road to perdition, and' are lpursuing the samne course-as long as the business, the cares, the pleasures of the world enslave yon, the voice of God will be heard in vain, the samen causes will produce the same effects, and you will end your days still making purposes of future amed ment, still forming resolutions, and lcnver performing them. Penance is an obligation imposed on all mankind since the sin of Adam, and constitutes an absolutely indispensable means of salvation. Our Lord has ex pressly declared it in these words, " Unless you do penauce you shall all likewise perisih" (Luke xiii. 3) ; and we ntay say that Hit doctrine is con tained in the words which He used ill His first sermon, "Do 1pemunce, for the kingdoeo of Iteuicv is at Ihand " (Matt. iv. 17.) Christianity itself, irepresented by Jesus Christ on the Cross, is one great expiation, and the Christian law a law of penance.for the remission of sins. This general law may be divided into two parts-namely, into interior penance, which consists of contrition for our sins : and exterior penance, which comprides all the sufterings and corporal. umortifications which we practise in expia tion for our sills. The Church prescribes the days of fast ing as a corporal penance that all the faithful must practise, thus determininig what every Clhistian is strictly obligeud to perform in order to satisfy the divine law of pIeance. As this divine lhw obliges every one, even those whol are not capable of observing the ecclesiastical precept of fasting, these latter must enl deavour to supply for thleir shortcomings in this respect by pIrayer, good workls, and alms deeds. The Church has pre scribed fasting and abstinence., beeulse this four of penance lihis most generally been practised by the saints of every age, and sanctioned by the example ,I f Christ Himself; becautse fisting is the ,most easy for the greater number of the faithful ; and because it procures precioulls spiritual advantages. For, as the Church ,says in her Liturgy for Lent, the effects of fasting are, to deaden tile passions by subduing the rebellion of thle flcshl against the spirit, and by weakening tile strength of our wicked inclinations; to elevate the mind and dispose it to prayer; ti, appease tihe anger of God, and to, draw down His blessings lupon us. Lent, whlich is of apostolic tradition, is establishled to honor and imitate.the fast of Jesus Christ in the desert. On the first day of Lent, whlich is Wednesdtiv , tile priest puts blessed ashes onl thi forelleids tf the faithiful lresent at tIle holy Masis, saying, " lentetler, sumll, tlat tlho, art ldust, and lto dust tht lou s/tall retItrn." Tile Church makes use of this ceremonly, to preserre the reilembranc of hIer anlcient discipline, according to whichi ashes were slplinklcd on tile heads of ildblic penlitents, to elgage them to lunmble themselves aod repent.of their sills :.lid to exlhort us to p)leIlIceC by tile thouglht of death, which will reduce our bodies to dust. There is no law of the CIILhurch wihichli was regarded, lp to a lats peIriod, as miore olppisetd to all scientife ideas of enlighltentlent than the ltw relating to fasting amd abstilinete. It is a fatl that certain medical professors lhave often indultged freely in rellectioll o tile mIuid ness and deltsion of thus injuring tne body to sclve the soul. This was, no tldoubt, ,titiral t, perslus whli, ItIssibly etttcived that the sttul, if existesit it all, was lerhalS of little iItlttrtancO ; tut it was, at tile samte titU, as later dliscoveries incontiestably lrove, evenll fr,,m their own poitt of view, highly unscieltiie. It is true a C that liantlY Catholics supposed that the Lenh,[t faCt. to sllte extenct, iniluvrd the Idily satistiedl to, .-uhlui to, the sacrilice in view ,f the spiritual intireits involsved. Now, it is entirely Iteyotdt dlubt tiact tle Lenten fast is if ci- idttrabhle bentiuit to tile tbody, and that it Ctutd- ill a ih idegree to ite erve the ldsical itithlu , tltee classes ,,n huich the Church iii ,,f high authority iu a leading article spetaks ais ft.llws:- *- Whlatever ln-v be our views of Lenten fists and litl ,ii lridats, in th-ete days, whi-i the strite t observactes of thn Cllhurh neel d IneUCees sitate no self-denuiail, these iteaturles were saunitary arran,,etlentis saf ni, ttiufin itt isportauet. Thit insitence i upt u lit h ,,n'ce a weehk ,u as an e.xcellent idea. 'lIthe Friday's dinner of fihsh had its Iygieuic value over and above its disciplinary importance, and the fast of Lent recom mends itself to us from its sanitary usefulness as much as from its doctrinal significance." In another paragraph it points out how the observance of this fast, in former days, not only did not injure the public health, but even pre vented the occurrence of many painful and troublesome diseases, which would otherwise almost unavoidably occur. There is daily experience of people who were for some time airaid of injuring .their health by abstinence, and on that account always seeking dispensations, who, after a fair trial, have found their health much improved by it ; and, in the strictest religious orders, it is foundthat the members are generally the most healthy, and the longest livers; so true it is, as the word of God declares, that "by surfeiting manya hare perished, but he that is temperate shall prolonqg tfe," (Ecclesiasticus xxxvii, 34.) The sacred scripture says, " There is a shame that bringeth sin, and there is a shame that brfngeth glory and grace," (Ecclesiasticus iv, 2i.) When a man is ashamed to do an evil action contrary to his duty, and therefore abstains from doing it, that is " a shame which brings glory and grace"; but when a man is ashamed to do his duty, lest he be laughed at or ridiculed by others, and therefore acts contrary to it, that is " a shame which bringeth sin," and this can never be an excuse. Of this latter shame our Blessed Saviour says, " 1Whosoerer shall be ashaned of MJe, and of My wcords, in this stulcf and adulterous generation, the Son of Mlan shall be ashamed of him, when lie shall come in the glory of His Father, with the holy angels." (Mark viii., 38.) Now there is no part of the words of Christ-that is, of His doctrine-which He . more forcibly inculcates, than obedience to His Church ; and therefore, to be ashamed of obeying her, from fear of the ridicule of men, is a crime for Swhich Christ will be ashamed of us at the last day. Besides, experience itself shows that, when a person transgresses this command of the Church in weak and cowardly compliance with those of another religion, and in order to escape their ridicule, he only exposes himself to their contempt by acting contrary to his profession and principles; whereas, when on such occasions he stands firm to his duty, in their hearts they esteem and regard him the more. Be careful then never to prefer your own unre strained appetite, or the. fear of the world, and what men will say, to the will of the most High. God, and to the obedience which by so many titles you owe to His divine commands. Do not be too indulgent to yourselves, seek no rain excuse from fasting. Observe the forty days of Lent rigorously. "Penance without fasting," says St. Basil, "is idle and fruitless." The necessity for education in man attests his original weakness, but it is at the same time the sign of his superiority, and of the pre-eminence which God has given him over the works of creation. It is this mast glorious difference that dis tinguishes him from irrational beings. Education makes man ; these two words suffice to define it. It is in vain that men seek to withhold a part of this for mation; it demands the entire work. To seek to limit the influence of edunea tion to this or that faenlty of the soul would be an effort as wild as that of dividing man himself. There are, no doubt, different faculties in the mind, and the cultivation of one may be more par ticularly attended to; but it is always necessary that their preference be based upon the relative importance of the faculties themselves and upon the last end of man, which ought never to be lost sight of. Moral culture is of the highest im portance. Intelligence conceives designs, she discusses the motives within herself ; the wilm changes them into resolutions, and the organs execute them. But there exists a higher law to which all must yield- it is duti. There is a mighty inspiration which all must obey, it is tIle love of the rilght. It is here, in this centre of moral life, that all the energies of our soul should find their impulse and their law; it is this that has given rise to the expression, so just, that man is only great and good in proportion to the qualities of his heart. But moral train ing, in its turn, is inseparable from religious training, because religion fur nishes to morality its object, its rule, and its end. The object of moral law is the love and practice of right ; because this right that we must love and practise would remain a simple abstraction with out power, if religion did not reveal it to us in its true light, by saying to us " 7tou shalt lore the Lord thy God wcith all thy heart, and thy neighboutr as thlyself." In a word, moral culture only finds com pileteness and efficacy in religious educa 'ion. Experience, logic, and common -use teach this. Until recent days, the !iman race acknowledged the words of the Holy Ghost, "Thie lips of tlhe priest .huall keep knowledge, and thej shall 'ek the law at his suoidh, because he is tlhe Angdel of the Lord of hosts." (Mala chias it. 7). But our modern legislators .re of a different way of thinking, and .hleir mninds seem to be as devoid of the laws of justice, as their hearts are of the lnty of gratitnde. They have decreed lhat the Church should not teach any longer, because they desire that religion *e no longer taught. This is the true meaning of the word secular applied to education, and, indeed, it is very seldom lenied. Secular schools are called for in order to have schools without God, withount Christ; religion is no longer to hold a place in education; it is to be con Stined to the bosom of thle family, until such time as the Christian family shall disappear in its turn and become tihe relic of a by- gone age. The. Creator has infused into- tlhe hlearts of parents an unspeakable love and tenderness for their offspring, an unwearied patience with their children's weakneises, ann unremitting watchfulness over their every step and movement. Who has taught the mother to enter into the very soul of her child, to read his thoughts and desires ? Who is better adaptcd to make early and lasting im. pressions on the susceptible heart of the child than his own mother : How often do we find that an early lesson of a mnother, recalled to tile mind of a wayward son, efflects that which no other motive, however strong, can accomplish ? Those iatural gifts are not dispensed in like msiasure to all parents; but this does not weaken tile force of tile general fact, which evidently proves thle intention of the Creator that parents should be the educators of their own children. God has, also, infused into the hearts of chdlildren a love and reverence for, a confidence and docility towards their parents which they can rarely acquire towards others, and this dictate of filial piety has been sanctioned by the positive law of God: "Hoorthyfaherand thy wother." It reqtnires no small degree of depravity to stifle this voice of nature in the heart of the child. As the parent, then, i- by divine itttitunion the nMtural y teacher of the child, so the child is the 1- divinely-appointed pupil of his parents. T The family, therefore, is a divinely-con al stituted school, with an inviolable charter, it framed and written by the finger of the is Almighty in the hearts of parents and >t children. Whoever, therefore, meddles e- with this divine creation violates the ii most sacred rights of parents and d children, and thwarts the intentions of the Creator: for if parents have the e strict duty of educating their children g according to their cwn convictions they t have also the inviolable right to do so; and, if children are bound by the law of r nature to submit themselves to that e education which theirparents are, in con t science, obliged to give them, they have t also the right not to be impeded in the e fulfilment of this duty. They may be t arrested by truant officers, and dragged into State Schools against their own will and that of their parents, but the I voice of injured human nature cries up t to the Creator for vengeance against t that State which thus disregards the un protected rights of its subjects. " Ioe )to thet that makle wicked hurs; and I rhen tlhey twrite. wcrie injustice" (Isaias x. 1.) "For the Lord is our jedge, the Lord is our late gicer, the Lord is our king, hIt trill sare itus " I (Isalas xxxiii. 22). Though the duty and right of parents I to educate their offspring is inalienable, and though this obligation is personal, vr et it does not follow that they may not P make use of the assistance of others in I discharging this office. As parents can employ a trusty servant to nurse their children. so they can appoint a reliable teacher to instruct them in reading, writing, good manners, Christian doe trine, and the various arts and sciences to superintend their physical, mental, and religious development. And as parents frequently have not the neces sary time and knowledge to give their children a complete education, there is nothing more natural than that they should call in the aid of others, to whom they should consign a share of their parental office. with a corresponding por tion of their parental rights. The Church has from the beginning looked upon education as her province. She has practically educated the nations for 1,800 years, and continues in the exercise of this ministry wherever she enjoys her liberty. From her bosom have gone forth the great teaching orders and congregations of both sexes, who, un trammelled by all earthly ties, free from the clogging influences of worldly affec tions, devote themselves, whole and un divided, to the work of education. To-day, while her rights are violated by the machinations of godless states and still more godless sects; while her children are perfidiously enticed into god less and irreligious State schools, she shows her divine charter, and says, as the Apostles did "We cannot yield, we cannot betray the charge of Christ, let the little ones come to me." The advocates of what is called " noh sectarian education" point to the reading of the Bible " without note or comment." We are convinced that such mechanical reading of the Bible "without note or comment" in the schools, and, to quote the expression of Dr. Moorhouse, late Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, "the exclusion of whatever relates to the miraculous," can only produce scepticism and generate contempt for the Word of God in the minds of the children. The experiment has been so tnsuccessful in the United States that the practice is now all but abandoned in the public schools. No Catholic is in harmony with the Church who maintains opinions opposed to her teachings. It is absurd to say that one Bishop more thIan another insists on the establishment of Catholic schools. It is not left with Bishops to choose in this matter. They receive commands from a higher authority than their own, and know that their duty. based on their faith and conscience, obliges them to urge the maintenance of Catholic schools wherever it is pos sible. The idea that one diocese has a law on the subject different from another is quite false. The Bishop is bound to teach and enforce with pastoral zeal and vigilance the Church's law of Catholic schools for Catholic children; the pastor of a flock who neglects, being able, to provide such a school, sins; the mem bers of a district or mission, who refuse to co-operate according to their means in tile establishment of a Catholic school for their children are also guilty of sin. The State Schools do not suffice for our children. We do not desire.to interfere with those who use them; we only re gret that they are so poor that they cannot support them without taxing the Catholics. At a momntent when the whole world is preparing to celebrate the Episcopal Jubilee of our Holy Father Leo XIII., which occurs on next Sunday, 1'th February, we desire to excite yoe to gratitude to God, to a livelier faith, to a firmer confidence in Divine Provi dence, and to a mnore ardent love for God, Who governs the whole universe. With the majesty of truth and justice, the Pontiff-King lhas told the world of the dangers of tile situation: tile charge is complete, the proofs are irrefutable, history will repeat tlhemn, and God will judge them. Most assuredly, Beloved Brethren, do we know that the liberty and independ ence of thile Church will be preserved and defended by God: we know that the words of tile Apostle: " lIe ougIt to obey God rather than mant," will, in ,spite ,f persecution and oppression, for Sever continue to be tile watcltword of I every successor of St. Peter. lnt, I although resting on this faith, we, never Stheless, maintain the right of the Church, the rights of tile Pope to his temporal aprincipality, we recognise that God has m nade it the duty of all ment to proclaim a publicly the freeldomu and sovereignty of Sthe Church, and we protest, and shall Scontinue to protest, against, tile uinrpa tion of thle Pontifical States. Yet, a while raising our voices in the assertion of right, we must not forget that there r is no surer defence, no stronger weapon against injustice than prayser. Let us e send up from tile depths of our hearts a humble prayers for the safety of our SHoly Mothler tile Churrlh, for tihe con 1 version of our enemies, and for the cessation of evils so great and so univer sal. It is not without reason that we recognise the hand of God in the tsmiraculous protection accorded to the person of our Holy Fatlher, and nuow Sthat, with the Catholic world, we are celebrating the Jubilee of the fiftieth anniversary of hlis Episcopal Consecra tion, we again proclaim that God is with all those who fear Him and believe Sin His Name. Let us, then, give thanks to God I for the consolation and encouragement :He has given us in this truly great I Pope, in the spectacle of his heroic per i severance, and of his courage so full of I charity. Let us pray that it may please the Lord and Ruler of the Church to 1 protect and preserre His Vicar, and to let him behold the hour of victory in the fulness of his days. That this event may be worthily and solemnly celebrated, we request the Clergy to add, until further notice, the Collect pro Papa at every Mass (when ever the Rubrics permit), and al o at Benediction of the Most Holy Sacra ment. We earnestly exhort you. dear children in Jesus Christ, especially the young, to receive Holy Communion on Sunday. the 19th of February. or the following Sunday. for our beloved and venerated Pontiff. The clergy will make the annual col lection of the Peter's pence on the Sunday within the Octave of the feat.of Saints Peter and Paul, and explain to their respective congregations that this yearly offering to the Holy Father, hecides being a duty of censciencce. is, what all good Catholics prefer to con sider it, ai token of esteemn and affection from loving children to the commnon Father of the faithful. May Almighty God, Father, Sun, and Holy Ghost bless you all. \+ JAMES FRANCIS, Bishop of Sale. Given at .ale, QuinquageCitna Sunday, 1893. 