JBail $to0. OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, July 26, 1893. The London Tory papera are chuckling over the news that Sir George Republican Dibbs considers payment of members an utter failure in New South Wales and intends to make the abolition of Parliamentary honorariums a plank in his scheme of financial reform in that colony. The Radical papera have naturally preserved a diicreet silence on the subject. It comes, too. at a most opportune moment. as when Home Rule no longer blocks the way the Radicals will undoubtedly renew with increased vigor their agitation for payment for their services in the Imperial Legislature. But, as the Morning points out, ' a practice which has broken down in Aus tralia can scarcely be expected to succeed better here.' The Tories may be relied upon to use the New South Wales illustration to the utmost advantage when the time comes. ' Amazement at the boldnts3 of modest South Australia's new departure,' eays Mr. Phillip Mennell in the current British Aus tralasian, ' was the prevailing feeling when Reuter'e sweeping message was published stating that the Government had applied to the Colonial Office to make Chief Justice Way Governor on the retirement of Lord Kintore at the end of the present year. Even Sir Thomas Moll wraith's hair might bave stood on end at the boldness of the demand, which, would bave brought about a constitutional revolution in the relations of the Crown and the colonies at one fell swoop had Lord Ripou in a moment of weakness listened to it. What was really meant by Mr. Kingston was much more innocent, and has been fully explained in previous messages. Lord Kintore, according to gubernatorial custom, will leave some few months before his term expires, and what the Government of South Australia want with a view to economy is that Chief Justice Way, who is already Lieutenant Governor, should be Acting-Governor from the date of Lord Kintore's departure to the actual expiry of his term, and for a few months longer. This, at any rate, is Sir John Bray's idea of the local Government's inten tions. Meantime he has requested the Colo nial Office to hold their hands until the correct version comes by mail.' Mr. Henniker Heaton seems to have swal lowed Reuter's first cable as gospel, and to have overlooked the corrective messages. At 4 o'clook yesterday afternoon the member for Canterbury asked the Under-Secretary for the Colonies whether a request had been made by South Australia to appoint the Hon. Samuel James Way to the office of Governor, and what reply bad been given to the request. Mr. Buxton explained that no such request as that stated in the question had been made. The Agent-General, he said, had communi cated a copy of a letter from the Premier of South Australia asking that, as Government House at Adelaide is not ready and as economy is desirable, the administration of the Lieutenant- GoTernor should be tem porarily prolonged. This request would receive consideration at the proper time. Mr. Heaton then questioned Mr. Buxton as to whether he was aware that the ^Australasian colonies con tributed a sum equal to £40,000 per annum (together with residences, &e.;) for the salaries of Governors appointed and selected by the Imperial Government, and whether in view of the severe depression in the colonies a recommendation should not be made to the colonial Governments that one Governor- General of Australasia or Viceroy should be appointed at a salary of £10,000 a year. 'The answer to the first question is Yes, and to the second No,' was the response of Mr. Buxton. 'Such a recommendation would imply a want of know ledge by her Majesty's Government of the theory and working of the Australasian consti tution.' A third question which Mr. Heaton bad intimated his intention to put to the Under Secretary was whether the Government could not see its way to urging the colonies to follow the example of Canada, and bave one High Commissioner to represent them in London instead of the various Agents-General. Apparently Mr. Buxton's answer to query No. 2 was considered by Mr. Heaton as covering also No. 3, so he did not occupy the time of the House by putting it. Australians may now indeed realise the truth of the old saying about going from home to hear the news. The Toronto Globe of July 8 contains the following, and not in its funny column: — 'Revolt in Australia. — San Fran cisco, July 7. It is rumored here that a revolution has broken out in Australia, and that independence has been declared. The rumor created considerable excitement for a to it.' The Pall 3Iall Gazette's recent warning to English people not to believe any cable news that came via 'Frisco is amply justified. Mr. T. L. Ware, of Adelaide, who arrived in London after a fatiguing inspection of Irish and provincial breweries some ten days ago, was the joint hero with Mr. Coningham (of the crioket team) of a little accident 'up river' on Sunday. At the kind invitation of Messrs. F. H. Ayres & Son, the famous -athletic and sporting apparatus manufacturers, the cricketers went for a launch trip from Maidenhead to Reading on the Sabbath Day, and Mr. Ware accompanied the team. En route a member of the ' Chic's' crew toppled over board, and it was at once apparent that he could not ewim. Without hesitation Mr. Ware and Mr. Coningham pluckily dived in to the rescue, and succeeded in saving the young fellow. Mr. Coningham lost a valuable tie pin in this exploit, but Mr. Ware only spoilt a suit of clothes. I believe Messrs. Ayres intend to present both gentlemen with mementos of their bravery. Mr. Ware starts shortly for the Continent, where he hopes to be able to master the intricacies of 'lager bier' brewing, and he leaves Europe in about a month's time for America, Chicago, of course, being the attraction. At present he is located at the Tavistock, a favorite resort of untrammelled colonials — why, no one seems to know. Amongst the most recent arrivals in town are Mr. Jude_ and Mr. C. A. Scott Weston. The former iB staying at the Norfolk Hotel and the latter, who was elected a Fellow of the Royal Colonial Institute last Tuesday, has taken up his temporary home at Verner's, in Beruers-Etreet. Mr. George Bailey would seem to bavo suc uccuuu ill buwubuiug uu J&3U, iur ± aao buat ao Anglo-Australian Assets Company has been registered, with a capital of £105,000 in £10 shares. The first directors of this concern are Messrs. J. Morgan, H. White. H. Ramcock, H. Wilkinson, and D. J. Mackay, none of whom appear to be known to Anglo- Colonials. It now remains for the board to issue their prospectus and gather in the shekels. That's all. Sir Edwin and Lady Smith are enjoying their Continental trip immensely. When last heard of they were at Bonn, and_ they propose visiting all the famous towns in the Rhine Valley before returning to England. According to the Sun Sir Wm. Jervois 'has just retired from the Governorship of New Zealand, and has settled down at Merle wood, a quaint old house close to Virginia Water. He has positively lined his new home with drawings and sketches that will remind him of the one he has just left.' The writer of this startling piece of news descants upon Sir William's excellence as an artist, aad declares the aforesaid sketches to be 'veritable works of art, of which no artist need be ashamed.' Prodigious ! Mr. and Mrs. Simpson Newland, with Miss CoJe, left town yesterday on a viEit to Cam bridge. From thence they go to Kirkley, near Lowestoft, where they will etay at the new Grand Hotel for a few days. Mr, S, Giacomelli and Mr. J. Hobbs, his wife and daughter, are the only passengers booked for Adelaide by the Orizaba, which sails from Tilbury to day. Mr. J. G. Reeves has taken his passage by the Baliaarati, leaving next week, and by the following Orient steamer Austral the Rev. J. J. Tsicholle, the Rev. J. Blackett, and Miss Marian Macdonald leave for Adelaide. Mr. R. M. Gallagher, Mr. H. J. Pritchard, and Miss Sarah Stratford return by the Opuir on September 8. On Saturday the new mammoth steamer Weatmeath, built for the Australian trade by Messrs. Swan & Hunter for Mr. R. If. Hudson, of Sunderland, left Wallsend for a final trial of her machinery. This steamer, which has a carrying capacity of about 9,000 tons dead weight, is the largest that has over been built on the Tyne. She is admirably fitted up with all thf latest requisites for quick loading and discharging of cargo. At the time of her trial the Westmeath was half rilled with coal for the voyage to Australia, and in this trim made nearly 13 knots per hour over the measured ?miln. hpr enennoH develnnine over 3.000 hGrse power, which speed and power were considered quite satisfactory by the owner and contractor. We have heaid a great deal in the past few months anent the formation of an ' Australian partj' in the House of Commons for the pur pose of securing united action on all matters of Australian interest brought bfrfore the Imperial Legislature, The preliminary pars concerning the projeot, however, smacked very much of the ubiquitous Mr. Hogan, M.P., and many people refused to credit the ex istence of an ' Australian party idea' in the brains of any one besides that brilliant eelf - advertiser. But now it appears that such a party has been formed, and the members of it will meet next week to elect a chairman and to arrange their plan of campaign. The new ' fourth party' includes Sir James Fergusson and Mr. H. R. Graham, who will be South Australia's representatives ; Sir John Gorst and Air. W. S. Allen. New Zealand; Mr. Henniker-Heaton, Mr. T. Curran, Mr. T. B. Curran, and Mr. W. A. McArthur, New South Wales ; Mr. Pritchard Morgan and Mr. F. O'Driscoll, Queensland ; and Mr. J. F. Hogan, Victoria. The Pall Matt Gazette says the fact of the formation of this party is significant as it is welcome. 'The germ of indefinite possibilities is here. At least the movement will tend Btill further to Imperialise the House of Commons. It is well, however, to keep on the hither side of the ridiculous, and nothing must be done to render it ridiculous.' This latter remark refers to the silly proposal of one of the elect that members of the House who have married Australian wives should be admitted to the party. The Pall Mall Gazette claims to have originated the idea of an Australian League in the Im perial Parliament, but the Daily Chronicle awards the honor to Mr. J. F. Hogan. Regarding one of the members of this new party a good story ia current. Mr. W. A. McArthur is the junior Liberal Whip, and on Thursday last when the question was put that clause 35 of the Home Rule Bill stand part of the measure, the energetic young Australian remained in the lobby as long as possible in order to see that no malingerers failed in their duty. . He waited just a moment too long, and as he ' was taking a final glance around the lobby was aghast to hear the door elam behind him. This was the division in whwh the bulk of the Conservatives and Liberal Unionists deslined to participate, and the lobby Tras therefore tolerably lively at the fiima Aa annn u ifi tirdc flicrvMmrad t.Yinil 1Wi*_ McArthur had been locked out he was sur rounded by jocular opponents, who warmly congratulated him on what they called his independence of spirit in abstaining from voting. The junior whip appreciated the joke, but in future will keep his weather eye on the sergeaufc-at- arras whilst divisions are in progress. According to the lobby man of trie Daily Chronicle Mr. Michael Davitt is likely to em bark for Australia before long as the chief figure in a tour on behalf of the Nationalist cause. Some very exaggerated reports have been put about in the papers during the past week anent the health of Cardinal Moran, of Sydney, who arrived home some little time ago. Rumor made it appear that the Arch bishop had simply come home to die, whereas all that was the matter with the holy father was a slight recurrence of an old-standing lung trouble, which caused neither himself nor his friends the least anxiety. The Cardinal left Dublin on Wednesday last, and has since been staying with a relative near Moate, county Westmeath. He proposes to return to Aus tralia at an early date. The proposed sculling match between James Stanbury and Jake Gaudaur for the world's championship would seem from advices just received from the States to have fallen through. What an immense amount- of 'bluff and blow' these professional scullers indulge in before they can find it in their hearts to sign an agreement. They are perhaps a few degrees worse than boxing champions in this respect, which is saying much. In regard to the above pair of aquatic Sullivans they have been blowing and bluffing for months. And the result bo far iB that the Australian invifaAR f;rifi'Vanl«»Afin '«nmp.-?nwn- our-alley,' i.c, follow him to Australia if he wants a match. To this Gaudaur replies: — 'If Mr. Stinbury thinks the American people are bo slow as not to Bee through his bluffing in trying to get back to Australia without rowing me he is sadly left. Ever since he has been in the country I have done my best to arrange a match with him, but nothing seems to suit his Australian mind. At first he would not row a turning race for the championship, and when I offered to row straightaway in Orillia, then he telegraphed me he would row with a turn, but not in Orillia, Pullman, Denver, or Lake Geneva, and I immediately replied saying I would row him three miles with a turn at Lake Quinsigamond for 2,500 dollars and the championship of the world, and sent articles to that effect, but have had no response yet. If Stanbury is so very much afraid of the championship I will row him three miles with a turn for 2,500 dollars, with or without the championship title, just to show the public that I can beat him as easily as I did at Aistin.' That looks like ' busi ness only meant,' and for the honor of Aus tralia Stanbury should cry content. Those who hoped that the third series of colonial wool eales just concluded would see a recovery in the prices of the staple have been grievously disappointed. As compared with the closing rates of the April-May auctions quotations show a decline ranging as high as 10 per cent., the loss being heaviest on the finer descriptions. This has been due to a great extent to the very unsatisfactory volume of the American demand, only 1,000 bales being taken for the States out of the 379,000 bales, which was the net quan tity available for the series. Could anything be more eloquent as an indication of the para lysis to trade that has been caused by the financial . crisis on the . other side of the Atlantic? So poor have been the prices ob tainable that 48,500 bales have never been offered at all, whilst 13,000 odd have been withdrawn, making a total of close upon. 62,000 bales remaining hi firat hands. The aggregate for the September sales is expected to be small, so that better prices may be obtained for tbis revanet. Cape wools have met a par ticularly poor market, and out of 27,000 bales available 'no less than 10,000 have had to ba held over for future realisation. Mrs. Annie Besant, the faithful' discifjle of the defunct Madame Blavatsky, who is at present representing the Theosophic pult at the Chicago Exhibition, is going to visit Aus tralia in the interests of her strange creed. She will come to you via New Zealand, and when her labors in the antipodes are done she will return to her sorrowing friends at home by way of India, 'whose teeming problems' are deemed to have ' a special attraction for one of her cosmopolitan sympathies ' by a contemporary's contributor. Perhaps, however, the Desert of Sobi, the alleged home of the Mahatmes, is the objective point. Mr3. Besant expects to reach Australia sometime in October. But it would be well not to calculate upon her coming, for Mrs. Besant has the reputation of being prone to change her mind. It is said that Mr. R. S. Sruythe has approached the lady with an offer to 'run' her through the colonies. Under the avis of the 'Moltke of managers' she would probably be a great success, for Mrs. Besant is undoubtedly an attractive lecturer, no matter what subject she handles. Mr. Smythe, by the way, is at present down in Devonshire, where he is putting in a few days with his old client, the Rev. Charles Clarke, who, it is said, would be very glad to tour the antipodes again under the 'much- travelled' one's guidance. Fancy Paderewski minus his hair ! It is stated on good authority that the brilliant Polish pianist was pestered so abominably by the forward maids of Yankeeland for locks of his abundant red mane that his nerves became affected and visions of secreted scissors haunted him whenever a female came nigh. Suddenly he took the desperate resolve to have his haircut quite short, and informed his impressario of his intention. The good man nearly fainted from the shock of the announce ment, bar recovering said in his sternest and most impressive manner, 'Sir. Paderewski, you will do nothing of the kind. Why, man, we should both 'be lynched for frauds at the first place you appeared in without that hair.' At first the Pole was obstinate, but his manager reasoned with him, and finally the pianist agreed at all events to defer the evil day till the tour came to an end. So the hair remains to this day, and the New York barbers are wondering which of them was the particu larly unlucky man. The individual favored by Paderewski would have been able to retire on a modest competence. London, August 4. 1S93. The Agent-General, Lady Bray, and family have left town for Colwyn Bay, North Wales, where they will spend the greater part of August. Colwyn is a comparatively retired seaside resort on the Denbighshire coast much affected by the wealthier Liverpudlians and Mancestrians. Besides boasting capital sea bathing, sea fishing, and a bracing atmosphere, it is a convenient excursion centre, lying within easy distance either by road or rail of Conway Castle, Llandudno, and the Great Ormee Head, the Vale of Llangollen and Bettwsy Coed, Snowdon, the Vale of Clywd and Bangor, Beautuaris and Menai- bridge. It was distinctly a happy thought on Lady Bray's part to provide th9 South Australians in London with a private view of the royal wedding presents at the Imperial Institute, which are now the sight of the metropolis, and as I have before told you, most difficult to get at on ordin try occasions because of the crowd ing. Wednesday morning was the time fixed for this little function, and needless to say nearly everyone asked put in an appearance. Amongst others I noted Lord Chas. Scott and his wife, Mr. and Mrs. RymilJ, the Misses Rymill, and Sir. Robert Rymill, Mrs. Grant arid daughters, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Bright, Mr. and Mrs. F. Datton, Mrs. T. Horn and Mies Herring, Mrs. and Miss Bruce, Mrs. Domiuick Daly, Mr. and Mrs. Newland, Miss Lungley, Miss Stock, Mrs. and Mise Wearing, and Mits Francis. Lady Kintore, who lunched with Lady Bray at Einperoi's Gate on Monday, left the following morning for Scotland, where she will remain several weeks. ?Sir Edwin and Lady Smith do not propose to prolong their Continental tour beyond the month originally projected, and will be baok in London about the 14th inst. When last heard of they were at that world-known hostelry, the Schweitzerhaff, at Lucerne. Mr. and Mrs. Rymill and family are now at isauey s liotel, Dut not lor long ; mr. Robert and Miss Mary Rymill leave shortly for Heidelberg, where they propose to spend some time, and Mr. and Mrs. Rymill talk of experimenting on one of the fashionable English hydropathics. Mies Herring has returned from Scotland, and is now on a visit to Mrs. Tom Horn at Marlows-road, South Kensington^ She goes into the country shortly with her nieoe. The many friends of Miss Lungley were dis tressed to notice she wore her left arm in a eling at Lady Bray's reception at the Imperial Institute on Wednesday, and looked far from well. It seems that last Christmas the lady met with an accident whilst getting out of the underground railway with a fragile piece of Venetian (Salviati) glass in her hand. The ornament was shattered, and some of the glass worked into Miss Lungley's flesh. At first the wound excited little apprehension, ? but it has unfortunately gone from bad to worse. Mr. and Mrs. Cavanagh-Mainwaring and family have settled down for some time to come at Beau Sejour, Lausanne, in Switzer- . land. Mrs. Cavanagh-Mainwaring is at pre sent in England staying with her married daughter, Mrs. Gedge, at Southsea. She came over mainly in order to escort the latter. Mrs. Gedge has been in very poor health, and went on a visit to her parents in Switzerland, in the hope of Lausanne benefiting her. Unfortunately the place had quite an opposite effect, and the doctors ordered their patient baok to England. Prior to returning to Lausanne Mrs. Mainwarning goes for tan days to Whitmore, the family seat in Staffordshire, and will also spend a week or so shopping in London. Her son, Hugh, is at school at Versailles. He will remain there for some months longer, in faot until arrangements can be faxed up to settle him with a leading firm of engineers in Glasgow. Mr. and Mrs. Newland are in town a-*ain after their trip to Cambridge and Lowestoft, but only for a few days. They go next week to Devonshire and Cornwall for a delightful round, which will embrace Lynton, Exmoor, and the 'Lorna Doone' country, Bideford, Olovelley, and Westward Ho ! From Kingsley's pet watering- place they journey oa to Tintagel, St. Ives, Penzance, MarazioD, and Scilly, returning by way of Plymouth and Exeter. Mr. Newland has booked return passages by the Oroya, sailing October 6. He and his wife will join her at Naples, making a short tour on the Continent first. Mr. New land tells me they were most hospitably entertained at Cambridge last Thursday by young Mr. Alexander Hay and by Sir Chas. Todd's married daughter, Mrs. Chas. Squires. Mr. Newland has ever since his arrival in England been undergoing treatment for the eye trouble which brought him home, but this is rather by way of preventing further mischief than because the doctors have any hope of effecting a cure. Mrs. Fred. Grant and daughters arrived last week by sailing ship from Sydney after what seems a voyage of prodigious length in these days of express liners. They leave to-morrow for Jersey, and I cannot say I envy them the crossing. For going to the Channel Islands the eve of the August bank holiday is quite the worst day of the whole 365. Miss Blyth's wedding was to have been solemnised next week, but owing to the unex pected detention of the Britannia it is post poned a few days. The ceremony will be a very quiet affair, and only a few intimate friends asked. Mr. W. R. Wilson, erstwhile of Adelaide, but now of St. Albans, Victoria, has closed his English tour with some singularly un fortunate experiences. On three occasions he tvas just on the point of sailing for Australia, and had his party's passages booked when ill ness upset all their arrangements. First Mr. Wilson's niece had a bad attack of some kind, Then he himself .'ell a victim to paralysis of the throat, and for more than a fortnight had to be kept alive chiefly on pale brandy. Finally, just as Mr. Wilson waB growing a little better his daughter caught scarlet fever. This last catastrophe occurred at the Grand Hotel, out of which the family were promptly bundled. For sometime it seemed as though in all London there was not a house which would receiye Miss Wikon. Finally the medical man in attendance on Mr. Wilson came to the reecue. His family were just going to Brighton for the summer, eo he was able to take in the sufferer and her nurse. One of the smartest Anglo- Colonial weddings of the present season took place at So. Margaret's Church, Westminster, on Tuesday afternoon, whtn Mr. Frank Towers Cooper, eldest son of Mr. C. Cooper, the popular editor of the Scotsman, took unto himself a wife in the person of Miss Mabel Wearing, youngest daughter of the late Judge Wearing, of Ade laide. The ceremony was fixed for 2 o'clock, but it was fully 2u minutes past the hour before the bride arrived and the Venerable Archdeacon Farrar took up his position at the altar. The delay enabled one to look round the church and see who were present. The centre row of pews was well filled, the occupants being mainly of the gentle sex, though a few male creatures in thd conven tional morning garb interspersed among them, helped to throw up the bright colors of the ladies' dreEsee. The majority of these were friends and acquaintances of the bride and groom whose faces were unfamiliar to me, but in one of the front pews I noted Six John and Lady Bray, and in the immediate neighbor hood were to be seen Sirs. Dominick Daly, Mr. and Mrs. Simpson Newland, Miss McCul loch, Miss Ethel Boothby, Mrs. Wearing, Miss Fielder King, her mother and stepfather, and Miss Stock. The side pews contained the usual crowd of curious women and girls, all wearing that painfully expectant look which betrays the Cockney at free entertainments. The service was fully choral and commenced with the now inevitable ' Oh, perfect love,' which since it was first used at the Duke -of Portland's nuptials hag entirely superseded ' The Voice that breathed o'er Eden.' As the clock showed twenty past 2 the bride came slowly up the centre aisle leaning on her future brother-in-law's arm. She looked very bright and nappy as she took her stand at the altar rails beside the bridegroom. Her dress was of ivory duchesse satin with square train, the seams of the skirt outlined with tyro rows of pearls : the bodice plainly made with shoulder frills of lace, sleeves puffed to the elbow. On the front of the bodice waB a trail ing spray of orange blossoms, and on the skirt just below the waist another. Her hair, dressed rather high, was surmounted by a small wreath of orange blossom, and the veil was of plain tulle worn off the face. The only ornament was a gold necklet with double heart pendant of red enamel and pearls, whilst her bouquet was composed of lovely white flowers and asparagus fern. The brides maids numbered six — Miss Wearing, Misa Bruce, Miss Ada Bray, and three other children. The two former wore gowns of deep cream oudine silk, with plain, rather full skirts ; the bodices had yokes of salmon pink silk covered with cream lace, cream lace frills falling over the puffed sleeves ; gold colored picture hats, with large whitesatinbowsand two upstanding feathers in front. Miss Bray and her tiny companions wore soft white muslin frocks of the Kate Greenaway style, with In sertions and frills of fine white lace, picture hats of drawn white lisse with rosettes of satin bebe ribbon, white silk stockings and satin shoes. All the bridesmaids carried shower bouquets of Malmaison carnation and . asparagus fern tied with pink ribbons. When the service had concluded with the einging of ' Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost, 'and the enbiequent proceedings in the vestry were done witb, the bridal party hastened from the church, and were driven to the Hotel Bel gravia, where the wedding breakfast was laid, and the numerous presents ou view. Through somebody's bad management there was chaos in the covered way leading from the porch of the church to the street, and the invited guests were mixed up with those who bad come out of mere curiosity. It was some time before Sir John and Lady Bray managed to extricate themselves from the crowd, and when they did get to the pavement it was only to find that someone had appropri- . ated their carriage by mistake. The guilty persons were Mr. Cooper, sen., and Mrs. Wearing. The newly married couple left London for Dover in the course of the after noon and will spend the honeymoon on the Continent. As some of your lady readers pay like to know what Lady Bray wore on this happy oc casion I append a description supplied me by a lady friend who was present. She Eays — ' Lady Bray wore a pale petunia merveiUeux katin gown, simply made, with shoulder frills of the satin, trimmed with narrow black lace ? - insertion, the skirt had a deep flounce with black lace insertion and edging ; a very be- . corning small gold bonnet with green leaves, 'white lace, wing-bow, and strings of dark petunia velvet.' Amonget the yacht races run at Cowes this week was the Australian Cup, valne £50, pre sented by Mr. C. Gibson Millar, a. relative, I - take it, of the public spirited Australian lady . who gave the peal of bells to the Imperial In stitute. This was open to all yachts not ex ceeding 40 tons, and fell to Mr. Jno. Gretton's cutter Lais, which just beat Admiral Montague's Vendetta, and Captain Towers Clark's Varuna after a close finish, the first named being only 10 sec. in front of the ' Vendetta, which beat the Varuna by 8 sec Mr. Gretton is not an antipodean. Crioket doea not come within my domain. I think it right however to mention, in view of the many inexplicable defeats the Australians have suffered this time, that there is a good deal of gossip about, especially amongst colonial visitors, concerning the unsteadiness of certain members of the team. Whether the stories current are exaggerated or not I have no means of ascertaining. Naturally the men themselves would not foul their own nest, and one does not care to approach English cricketers on euch a subject. My informant states that the steady and reliable members or the team are greatlv exercised by their comrades' late hours and high living, and that there will not improbably be criminations and recriminations when they get back to Aus tralia. Murdoch, who was at first so hurt as not being included in wnat seemed liKely to be the fcest team that had ever visited the old country, now openly rejoices he is out of it. 