THEATRE'ROYAL. THE BENTLEY" SEASON-" HAMLET." Hr. Walter Bentley muBt have been highly gratified with the appearance of tho Theatre Royal last night. A more brillant or larger audience never met within its walls. For days past every seat in the dress circlo and thc reserved stalls bas been taken, and the unreserved parts of thc houBC were filled some time before thc opening of thc play. Mr. Bentley thus saw the curtain risc to a house packed from floor to ceiling, every passage from pit to circle hoing filled with extra benches and chairs, all of them occupied. Thc arrangements were excellent, tho audience was scated without difficulty, - and its con- venience had been carefully Btudied. The play was " Hamlet," a play and a part of which Mr. Bentley has made intense study, and it was presented in a manner that aroused the d-jep admiration of the audience. To say that in tho genius of thc central player, in the manner in which he was supportod, in tho fullness of thc cast, and the completeness of thc dresses and thc setting that it was thc finest presentment of any play ever seen in that theatre is to a certain extent an inadequate criticism, for it docB not show how greatly the performance of last night excellod whatever might be placed ofter it. The limited accommodation of the stage for so heavy a ploy had been overcome in a remarkable degvc, and only in one part, the death of Polonius, was it found neces- sary to make any marked departure from thc usual presentation. It was a representation not only of great excellence, but of uniform excellence. The even level, thc perfect balance maintained throughout, held a charin scarcely less great than (he high standard reached in the performance. Mr. Beutley does not work for points, or work up to par- ticular scenes His aim is the much higher and scholarly one of a uniform presentation of the character, sacrificing no part BO that he may accentuate another, throwing nothing into deep shadow so that something else may stand out in brilliant light. And bis triumph was proved in the enchaiued attention of his audience from beginning to end. There were no alternate periods of Indifference and en- thusiasm, but from the rise of the curtain till its fall the house was held in still, keen attention by the wonderfully equal and powerful unfolding of the subtle and complex character. It was a study that was pre Bented to thc audience, und as a study it was followed. Hamlet with Mr. Bentley is no melancholy madman, but a man of clear and Bet purpose, and this fundamental view of the character was kept conspicuously before the audience all through. This was most vividly shown in the play scene. It was a marvel- lously fine piece of acting, and perfectly thrilled the house, which spontaneously broke into cheers as the curtain fell. And again in the closet scene with the Q.ueeu, there was a stillness almost to pain in the house as Hamlet held up before his mother thc terrible picture of her crimes. The great soliloquy " To be, or not to be," showed long study in the deep dreamy thoughtfulness of the expression, the easy attitude, aud the balanced utterances. It was not given as something apart, but led np most naturally to the scene with Ophelia, a scene that was played with rare passion a nd skill, tho tremulous, shrink- ing love of Ophelia, and thc altornate gusts of passionate devotion and savage restraint of Hamlet moving the audience to its depths. The Ophelia ot Miss Virginia Vivienne was a rich and delicate piece of work. Every linc had been studied. The long trying flower scene was played with such seeming artless simplicity, really the art which conceals art, os to arouse the full sympathies of the house ; and the awakening start and death at thc close came with such naturalness and forco as to call forth enthusiastic cheers, which were loudly renewed when Miss Vivienne oarae bo fore the curtain. ' The ¿sst, it has already been said, was a very full and an excellent one. They played as a company, and not like so many Dugald Dalgettys, every man for IIÍB own band. It was this which made the wholo presentation so fascinating, but it likewise maltes it diffi- cult to individually mcution the players. Mr. Mario Majeroni as the " Ghost " sent an awesome feeling through thc house, bis deep voice, tall figure, and Blow impressive gestures telling with great effect. Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan as "Polonius," and Mr. H. R. Roberts as "Laertes," gave satisfactory renderings, and Mr. Joo Stark made a good "Gravedigger." Miss Millard, as the Queen, was a little overweighted by Mr. Bentley in the closet scene, but in all else her representa- tion was quite successful. Miss Ina Laurence made a very piquant " Osrio." The play was excellently staged, a work of no small difficulty and ex- pense in a small theatre, in a town so difficult to get into as Rockhampton. The completeness of tho dresses has already been mentioned. It remains only to be said that tho pleasure of the representation was much enhanced by a small but good orchestra which supplied the incidental music very satisfactorily. The work behiud the curtain must have been in competent hands, because the play started promptly to time, and the wait« between the acts were very short, the performance being over a few minutes after half-past ten o'clock. 