[?] | THE MYSTERY J of tie I MINE. w \ Bv \ vi (1 w. W. WOODIFIELD, f) Author of Demon Dick," " The Manor Ghost," " Ginger Joe," "A Double Crime," Etc. "Oh, honey, whatever will become of us if this strike continues much longer?" Such was the pitiful wail forced from Mrs Trotter, the buxom wife of one of the miners usually employed at the adjoining colliery, but who were then on strike. The exclama tion was rather the involuntary expression of a silent contemplation of the disastrous effects of the strike, than intended as part of a coherent conversation. The only other occupants of the little kitchen at the time were the eldest daughter Nellie, who was Bat upon alow stool washing and dressing the baby, a boy eighteen months old, and the youngest of a family of eight. Nellie was a tall graceful girl, rapidly approaching nineteen years of age, with a well-poised head upon her shonlders, while her light-brown hair and hazel eyes set off her comely features to advantage. Her quiet and gentle habits made her a favorite wherever she went ; and as she strolled 'through the village, or walked to the adjoining town of Nettington, many an eager glance was cast upon her. But to none was her presence so weloome as to Fred Shepperdson, who was her beau, while there oan be no doubt that the bond of affection between these two young people was both deep and strong. Nellie felt that her mother's lamentation called for some remark from her, hence she observed : 1 1 Oh, mother, isn't it awful to think that we have to go on in this dreadful way day after day, virtually starving, when father is both willing and anxious to work ?" An, my lass, it is nara, as txoa Knows, the struggle we have gone through ; but, Nell, it isn't the lazy horse that always gets the whip," responded Mrs Trotter. Nellie, who by virtue of her age, was her mother's confidant and helpmate, continued : " There's Tommy's boots want soleing at once — if he goes another day or two they won't mend at all. Harry's jacket is all out at the elbows, and Georgie's trousers are only a mass of rags" — the intervening sobs choked further utterance, andso the narrative of the domestic troubles of the Trotters was cut prematurely short. The mother, however, took up" the dismal tale, and remarked : " If such be the state of their clothes, poor bairns , w b at about tb eir'victu als ? Here they 'Hall be in upon me in a quarter of an hour, "and I haven't a scrap of anything for them.1' At this point both mother and daughter fairly broke down, and their convulsive sobs and copious tears bespoke more eloquently than words could do the anguish of their feelings. This dreadful coal strike had now lasted several weeks, and its sad effects were pain fully visible iu such homes as that of the Trotters. A ballot had been taken, and the majority declared for the continuance of the strike. But the majority was chiefly made up of the young and unmarried men, whose responsibilities were comparatively small, while the married men witk wives and families strongly disapprove of the decision. The latter, however, were powerless to escape from the dilemma — they dared not set at open defiance the verdict of their com rades. Besides, the pit mouth, the pit bank, and its approaches were vigilantly watched daily by pickets in order to prevent any de linquencies ; in short, it was dangerous for any one who was supposed to favor the employers to be seen about. Only that very morning of which we speak there had been a heated discussion at the Black Diamond Inn, which was suddenly brought to a close by Will Trotter bringing his hand forcibly down upon the table and boldly declaring that men might do what they liked so far as they themselves were concerned, but that it was simply a scandal and a shame to inflict so much pain .and suffering upon innocent women and children. There were sundry murmurs at this out burst of manly candor, but as Will glanced round the room defiantly, no one dared to contradict him. Now, Will Trotter was a big burly fellow, quite six feet in height, and built in propor tion, for the arduous labors of the coal mine had in no way disfigured his body. Under ordinary circums lances, however, he was as harmless as a child, and ou many occasions had been known to go out of his way for the sake of peace, but it was well-known that when his blood was up he wftB an awkward customer to tackle. _ In fact, his great big heart was iu his home, and nothing afforded him so mnoh pleasure as to witness the happiness of hin wife and children, but woe unto those who sought in any way to mar their happiness. With respect to the strike, he soundly cursed it and all who were directly or in directly responsible for it; and if the offenders could have been concentrated in one individual, and that individual -had come within Will's vyce.like grip, the position of the former would , have been a sorry one indeed. After leaving the Black Diamond about that hour which by usage is set apart for the mid- day meal, Will proceeded homewards-r -'-authors " old ano /V£W nob that he expected that there would be much dinner for him. the time had gone by for that. ixi f Immediately he crossed the threshold ox tne cottage he noticed the dejected looks upbiflhe faces of his wife and daughter hut the latter attracted his attention most. | ' . , He thereupon drew a chair Jbeside the stool on which Nellie sat, and patting her on the head, and otherwise fondling her, he looked in her face, where the tears were scarcely dry, and exclaimed in his bluff way : " Why, Nell, my girl, what's the matteir ? Your face looks as long and as miserable as a mute at a funeral." Nellie endeavored to frame a pleasant reply, but the attempt was a dismal failure, which caused her father to continue " You know Fred is coming in to-night, and he'll look for smiles rather than tears. Why, mother," he added, as the result of a closer inspection of the girl's face, " I declare Nell's face looks quite thin aud pinched. She wants rest, change of air, and must have some good port wine aud strengthening food." He looked up at his wife as he uttered the last word, and the mute, agonising appeal which he saw depicted ou her face at once recalled him to a sense of the actual state of things. Without uttering another syllable he got up, walked into the back yard and began to weep like a child. His breast heaved with the violent sobs that convulsed his frame, while the hot tears descended like rfin. His distressed wife, who closely watched his every movement, knew it was no use interfering until the storm had somewhat subsided. Presently, however, she went into the yard, took her husband gently by the arm, and led him back into the, house. The violence of the storm had abated, but as he laid his face upon his arms, which latter rested upon the table, the tears continued to flow. By this time the children had arrived from school, and were crying for their dinners, which the poor mother was, of course, unable to produce. The existing dilemma was too great for even her affection and ingenuity to overcome. Will, to whom these lamentations were ex cruciatingly painful, got up with a set purpose on his features, and putting on his hat, he left the cottage. ' He had not been long gone when he returned, carrying a numbet of parcels containing tea, sugar and bread, which his pathetic appeal had succeeded in extracting from the grocer and the baker on oredit. It was with extreme reluctance, however, that these gentlemen had parted with their goods, even to one from whom in prosperopstl&ys; they had. received many a brightund, - . . What a pojmmotion was created ih th$ little cgttagp by the advent of the father; with his welcom eatahtes. The children fairly danced for joy hnd caressed him as though he had brou ght them a most sumptuous repast. Thank God that for this day at least grim want had been driven from the door ! Matters in connection with the strike were now approaching a crisis, for the owners had publicly proclaimed the fact that if the ballot went in favor of continuing the struggle the men occupying the pit cottages would receive notice to quit, and they were not long in putting their threat into execution. Now, in order to carry out this delioate and painful prooess it required someone of dis cretion, tact and moderation, because local feeling was naturally worked up to . fever heat. Unfortunately, however, Blundell, the bailiff, whose duty it was to superin tend these operations, possessed none of these qualities. Not content with carrying out his strictly legal functions, he bullied and bragged, insinuated and threatened in a most insolent manner. He abused, domi neered over, and insulted the women of the village, he terrified the children by his un- couth behavior, and he chaffed the I men with an amoant of impudenoe and high - handedness that might have led anyone to suppose that he was their dictator and master. He could cringe readily ""enough to his betters, but to the poor he was a merciless tyrant. A coward at heart, he regarded hiinself as the embodi ment of the law, and thus he erroneously imagined that this- circumstance gave him immunity from the consequences of the insults he so freely scattered about. It is not surprising, therefore, that he was familiarly known by the synonym of " Bully Blundell." But this in no wise disooncerted him— he rather regarded it as a compliment. On the second morning after the events already narrated Blundell was seen march ing down the main street of the village in lordly style, flourishing a number of papers about, and scattering his bluster and menaces ou all sides. These papers were a portion of the notices to quit that he had to serve. The dire news soon spreau along rue row that Bully Blundell was coming, and the poor women awaited his arrival in conster nation well knowing that the impending evictions portended intensified misery and "disaster. \- Xs hp paased the grocer's shop, Bluadell exdaimed valiantly — " "We'll \teach them a lesson; we'll show these soamps what we mean !" " " Why/ what are you going to do ?" in terrogated the grocer. " Do !" retorted the bailiff, " why, we're going to pitch these vagrants out, bag and baggage — they're too well off at present." "That fellow," soliloquised the grocer, as Blundell passed on, " is riding a high horse just now, but everybody knows that pride usually goes before a fall." Little did he imagine that Blundell 'a fall was so soon to come. The latter served several notices on trembling women, whose sobs were too in tense to render any remark on their part in telligible beyond the sad wail — " My poor bairns ! Oh, my poor bairns !" The men stood about in little groups watch ing these ominous proceedings. Their clenched fists and menacing attitude spoke plainly the suppressed emotion under which they labored ; and it required all the efforts of the police to prevent an open attack upon the heartless Blundell. At length the latter reached the cottage of the Trotters. Will was standing in the doorway much in the same attitude and tem per as his comrades. His hands were clenched convulsively, and he bit his nether lip to keep down the surging pa-sion. Blundell, ever ready with his scathing tongue, observed tauntingly as he held out the notice -paper: 1 Well, Will, I have brought you a nice little note this morning, and I hopes as how you'll enjoy it." Quick as lightning, and without a word, Will dashed the paper out of BlundeU's hand on to the gronnd, where he fiercely orunehed it beneath his heel. Blundell, still preserving his sneering tone and assurance of manner, remarked : " Well, I'm sure, some .people never are satisfied. Now, that I calls anything but a respectful way to receive a nice "little billet- doux, delivered by a gentleman." Will, with his blood now fairly np, ad vanced upon his tormentor with uplifted arm and doubled fist, with the evident intention of felling him to the ground. > Some of his calmer companions, however, aided by the police, who were anxious to avert the riot that seemed impending,, got between the two, and by dint of main force held Trotter baek, while Blundell, only too glad to get off with a whole skin, threw the paper in at the open door of the cottage and went his way. The miners recognised the fact that the strike had now entered upon a grave phase ; and in the afternoon of the same day Trotter, accompanied by two married comrades, -Tim Siddell and Joe Mortimer, determined to walk over to Netherington and see what prospect there was of the struggle eoming to an end. They proceeded by way of the North Flats, some meadows lying to the north of the village. The scenery was pleasant enough, but the three men were too sad at hearc to notice this. Nor had they gone for on their journey when one of them happened to look back and observed another inaivida&l; following on behind. Thinking it might be a feHtfw- workman, they slackened their pace to enable bim to oo.me up. When, however, the newcomer eventually got near enough to admit of recognition, the three pedestrians discovered to their ohamin that it was the hated BIundelL Now, -had be kept his tongue quiet Blundell would have been allowed to pass without molestation, much as the Sneh had been exasperated in the morning. But Blundell regarded thuuTfrTT 1 an opportunity of having a rapat I to be allowed to pass— in short hir"11®18 1 tongue was irrepressible. ' fifclnging | " How do ye do, gentlemen," he w 1 he came alongside his victims .«ega as S? ioSSp aWng "- evJ ) '3 was evidently rising, had not yet But Blundell refused to profit!0'... warning, preferring to centime hi8baLtbls recklessly aa ever. At length Will t , 48 observed sullenly : Trotter Blundell, however, was quite equal to emergency, so far as empty talk cernea. He declared that he liked l company," if the miners didn't and eluded as usual by ho ding the terror nfT law over them. As he was the renresLS8 tive of the law, he argned he was at ifi to pursue his course without fear of molest? The meadow sloped gently upward f. the footpath to the other side, and BlosS occupied a position a few feet from Tr0h '! on his right. uer As it was evident the bailiff had no idea of ceasing his interference, Will took a onir I step towards him and dealt him a powerfd blow on the left shoulder, which sent tta embodiment of the law trundling over the green sward like a football. Blundell had not even now been taught caution. He got np, writhing with pain and almost choking with rage, a condition of things that placed him still more at the mercy of his formidable antagonist. He commenced to chatter a lot of incoher ent nonsense about the law and the venge- ance he would exact, but he took care to re. treat as "Will slowly and calmly advanced towards him. His wild gesticulations, intermingled with threats of punishment, showed clearly that he still retained a hostile attitude. In this way the two men proceeded until they were close to the upper side of the meadow, Will being followed up by his m&res;, Joe and Jim. Eventually Trotter and Blundell again came within reach of each other, whereupon, after a little dodging, the former dealt the bailiff a violent blow on the forehead, which sent him flying head over heels over the ridge, and landed him right in the centre of a clump of rank weeds and underwood, in cluding nettles, dockings, briars, etc. As the bumptious bailiff showed no further sign of hostility, the three miners walked leisurely down to the footpath and went on their way, thinking nothing further of the melee. Next morning, however, Blundell did cot make his appearance at his usual time and plflCc J. IllS Jcil uU >> iliUU Ui&UtUscU; the fact that he had not been home all night. Day after day passed, and still there were no tidings of the missing man. Great was the sensation created by this myhteriouB event. There could be no inquest, as there was no body on which to 4<sit," so the affair was handed over to the police. By the latter the village and its environs for miles around were thoroughly ransacked. Every pond, canal or river was dragged, and to stimulate the search, the proprietors of the pit issued a printed bill offering a reward of £25 to any one who would give such information as would lead to the recovery of the body ; but it was all of no avail, and it seemed as though the earth had suddenly opened at a given moment and swallowed Bully Bmndell up. Immediately on the first note of alarm, the three miners, Will Trotter and his two companions, Joe and Jim, voluntarily came forward, and miuutely described what had taken place between Blundell and themselves in the North Flats. The different statements so completely corroborated each other, that at the close the magistrates acquitted the men of all blame, and did not hesitate to express the opinion that Brondell had richly merited the nnnishment he received as a result of his unwarrantable interference and impertin ence. The miners were discharged, hut there was still no clue to the missing bailiff. . All this had a serious effect upon the in habitants of the village, many of whom were afraid to go out after dark owing to horrible tales that were told about " BlundeU's" ghost having been seen. The oldest inhabitant solemnly declared that never before had he rece:ved such a fright as he did. when he saw the ghost. It threw him all into a " tremmel, - rom which he had not yet recovered ; while an unmarried female had a violent attack o hysterics from the same cause. Then, as ttsuaUy happens in theee cascs o mystery, the local authorities, tacitly - mitting their own failure, sent up to Scotlan Yard asking to have a smart detective sen11 down to see if he could unravel the mye fT that perplexed them. Hence there & » J appeared on the scene Mr Detective Quic I a very clever (?) man, who expressed h self confident that he would solve the P lem in a marvellously short space of tt® _ The net result of Mr Quickly 's visit was thw he built up a number of elaborate J®6? (on paper), each of which had in .its to come toppling down owing to the of a soUd foundation, though this wa accomplished until much pain and an j anco had been inflicted upon a numD innocent people. . Then officious Mr Quickly left Jis b come — with his fingers in his mouthy About three years had _ elapsed events recorded. The strike had almost simultaneously with the disappeared -of Blundell, and now only memory; while Nellie and Fred had bees married and were comfortably 8ett®?_iea£ant For some time there had been imp rumors as to the presence of , _ac.-_eeg to pit, which were a source of una those dependent upon the bread- win - nee of naked lights had yerninenfc every suggestion made by to v- carried Inspector had been or was about to oecaw secure improved great deeideratum, and with this new a human face was floating on the subface of the wateb. , tanoined to re-open an old. shaf&that; was rSnto exist in the North Flate. Many years ago it had been used for pomp, purposes, but it had long been in disuse, ?lts entrance was now overgrown with long weeds and briar busheB. As a preliminary step the month of the abaft was cleared, and a spindle and cage was instructed in order that the workmen might descend and ascertain the state of the shaft On approaching the water, which here rose about six feet from the bottom, what was their horror to behold a human face floating on the surface ! They immediately mads gignals to be drawn to the surface, nod on their arrival there they, with blanched faces, told their ghastly story. The necessary preparations having been completed, the cage again descended the shaft, and brought up what proved to be a dead body I Although shockingly decomposed, it was immediately identified as the body of Blun- dell, the missing bailiff ! The old shaft had kept its secret well, and hut for the alterations rendered necessary, the presence of its 'ghastly occupant might never have been known. This, then was the explanation of Blun- dell's mysterious disappearance, but as to how he got down the old shaft, that remained a mystery yet to be solved. There were only three men in the village who could even surmise at the truth, and these were Will Trotter, Jim Siddell and Joe Mortimer. The little group assembled at the mouth of the shaft — for the workmen had by this time been augmented by a gronp of sightseers, so rapidly does sensational news travel — cast awe- stricken looks at the corpee laid upon the grass. Truth to tell, the inhabitants of the village had not made any pretence at sorrowing for the loss of one who had treated them with so much harshness, but bis mysterious dis appearance had imbued the affair with a weird interest. The body was conveyed to the Black Diamond Inn to await an inquest, while the news of the extraordinary discovery made was keenly discussed in every house in the village. That s ame night, however, f urnishedanother and more acute subject of discussion — an event bringing sorrow and suffering in its train — ah ! even death itself. About half-an-hour after the men engaged cn the night shift had commenced operations a loud report was heard emanating apparently from under the ground, and rambling away like distant thunder. The discharge jof gas aad rubbish from the pit's mouth which immediately followed told all too plainly the dreadful tale of what had happened. There was a sudden rush to the vicinity of the pit to ascertain whatever particulars were avails be, and soon there was a crowded stream of men, women and children all hurrying wildly to the same destination with consternation deoicted UDon everv counten- ance. Who that has witnessed such a scene can ever forget it ? The poignant grief so pain fully illustrated by every act aad sound. Naturally a lengthy interval elapsed ere accurate information could be obtained. Some of the pullies of the ascending and descending gear had been displaced or broken — these bad to b8 put right, then the rnbbish thrown among the machinery had to be cleared away ; while last, but not least, blasts of foul air continued to puff up the shaft at intervals, rendering any attempt to descend a dangerous proceeding. Meanwhile the wildest rumors were abroad, rendering the susjv use still more agonising. Ev-n'ually a search party was able to descend into the mine, and soon the news was sent up that the explosion had not been of a very extensive nature, but that several of the hand.- hid received serious injuries. The case «. i Vdiil Trotter was mentioned as the i worst of the?9, and in consequence he would be sent up firs:. Tb? Trotter family, who were present in the oi u\vd. could only receive the intimation of the indole blow that had fallen upon them in mute despair, still clinging desperat'.lr to the hope that the life of -the bread-winner might be spared. The i>et is that prior to the explosion Will was eiu igcd in an out of- the- way corner, whi' h w is difficult to work, and to which pc?: ion he had been assigned by the overman, owing to his experience and known caution. Ho was laid on his back, hewing me com aoove, as many ot our miner- nave todo to s -.-ure their hard-earned wages. It was j u-q then that the explosion occurred, thereby dislodging a huce mass of the coal tight r.hoYo him. The major portion of this leil upon his body, indicting terrible and fatal internal injuries, which rendered him insensible. The hodvy mass that had piiined him to the ground ha 1 been removed as speedily as possible, ami, this accomplished, the poor fellow gave signs of returning consciousness, «ut it was a « oasciousnees that brought % uuowleduc oi liightful suffering. He was gently lifted up and tenderly bur Lie to the £age at the bottom of tire shaft. In this 6 wa placed, and, with Jim Siddell and i0® Mortimer teited on either side, each oldiag a hand of their old mate, the cage drawn gradually to the top. <Wival at the surface, the appsarance ei-n man ris® to a suppressed LanSfor only too manifest that he Reived his death blow. to?-6 as upon a stretcher, and carried «r .5& ilo;uo shoulder height bv his mates, the jr. c'lUpk> b;iug his friends, Joe and Jim. hi® L was ou the bed surrounded by te» ""'-stricken family, while the great of ti" C i eir down the coaly cheeks 01 miners. visitJt octors who were on the spot, tion 0f ,1 . an made a close examina- aothing lniured man, but they could do le brave man he was, boldly Thpw 6 m,cal rcen. for their verdict, that L reP ith a shake of the head, was impossible, and that the J to take a j sa4 trageJy might be expected time. Ce 'n a comparatively short Will Caeft»e!!eJe< sad pronouncement with Wifibej resignation, and indicated that uisold (>«„, j alone for a brief period with Uoai had kl s' oe Jin- When the been cleared, Will took a hand twantypaat??6 forle8e hiTsbbe. wehave»" repUedJinvumiast .. " ®ut rm going to leave you now," con fanned JTJ1 with increased difficulty. Before I go, however, I would like to eav a word to you about BIundelTfl death, whTfch nas weighed heavily upon me ever since the body was found." After a brief rest, he continued, 44 I look upon this as God's work, for you know,, lads, that the Bible tells us that He will demand an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth , alife for a life ! But as I expect to enter His presence very soon I solemnlv declare that I had no intention of taking Blundell's life when I struck him in the meadows, while nobody could be more surprised than me when I heard of his disappearance. When I am gone, lads,!' — the breathing came thick and fast now — 4 you'll give an eye to the missus and bairns." Hie two men emphatically confirmed every word that had been uttered by their dying comrade as to the affray in the meadows and vowed solemnly that no effort should be wanting on their part to see that the widow and orphans were well cared for. As it was evident that the end was rapidly approaching, the family were again called into the room ; and after invoking God's blessing upon them, Will Trotter passed quietly away, his head resting upon his wife's breast with one arm encircling her neck, while the other arm waB entwined round the neck of his eldest daughter. Thus it came about that on the-morrow two inquests had to be held at the Black Diamond — on the bodies of those who in life had been antagonists, but who were now at peace. And in both eases the coroner and jury filt that they hadmo option but to return a verdict of "Accidental Death," for in the case of Blundeii there was no one who could speak with certainty as to how his death occurred. Will Trotter was right in his surmise. Blundeii, on being thrown into the bed of weeds and briars, had Laid stunned for a moment, but on struggling to extricate him self his frail support had given way, and he was precipitated down the hidden shaft. When the funerals took place the general respect in which Will Trotter was held was practically illustrated by the large attendance of villagers and others, whilst the proprietors of the colliery were well represented Neither were the widow and orphans for gotten, for on hearing of the catastrophe the executive of that excellent institution, <h.3 Miners' Permanent Relief Fund, forwarded a handsome donation, while this was abundantly supplemented by subscriptions from the owners and other local sources. The End. 