Topics. A:;n whLMi the Council mcl at nii?ht Hut .Mm uncl Bill ami Hucli. And Hurry with Dill Uladon brisht Were met the biz to do. ' How rnnny nrc you thcu .' ' said we, Said they, ' Bnr Charles eleven, ' This faithful five who now you sec ' Behind the door arc sevcu. ' But they are dead : that seven art! dead, 'Uliuuo killed, Hib kiiiib oldlciivca : ' Our Joliu has talked them all to rtciith. ' J.!y grievance howled witli jiaiitinjj brent)), ' We mum 11 that hiding seven.' Ono more farce has been enacted. We wonder what will bo tho next. Fivo upstairs, seven downstairs. Ratepayers nowhere. They don't count. The wrangle must co on. Adjourn ; lapse ; lapse ; adjourn. That's bll tho bueinejs, gentlemen. On Thursday night an ailompfc was mado to stage ' Hamlet' without the 1'riuco of U011 inark and his fathor's ghost. A specinl meoting was called. Prince Byrnes did tiot soliloquise. Ghost Thorptfjdid not walk. Tho Prince wo ki-o\v had to ^0 to AVolloiigong sis usual, but where was the ghost '; Probably having no Pricce lo li'imit in tho ghastl/ chamber, he was rattling up tho old dry bones of party strifo for next uiO2tiug. Sweet consistency doubtless keor, Alderman Thorpe away. Had he attended the special meeting ho would hnvo hud to movo thn ad journment to be consistent. But the Muyor was absent, and that mude all the difference. Tho opportunity to air that precious grievance was not availed of. With Alderman Withers in the chair, them would be :io row to kick up — no awful howling — 'iio beautiful seleoticnH by the band of tbo dirty water brigado. Alderman Thorpe hunkers aftec notoriety. That's what's tLo matter. His grievanco is all make-believe. His grudgo is it persoual one. Yesto.-day another sceuo was onaoled. Mayor Byrnes sent 111 his resignation after conference with his followers. In all proba bility 11 special iueetinsj will bo culled for Monday evening to fill the vacated chair. W'io is tho man for the position ': Alderman Thorpe, of course. Ho knows such ;i heap of municipal law, and how to run special audits and dirty water agitations. Lot us seo how tho icport of tho lir^t meeting would read : — PAREAMATTA BOROUGH COUNCIL. A special meeting of tho Council was held on Monday evening, Suptember 18, to elect a Mayor for the remaining portion of tho muni cipal year. Before tho business wus entered upon, Aldermau Thorpo roso to movo the ad journment of the Council for the purpose of airing u grievance. Tho chairman ruled that Alderman Thorpe had no right to speak to a motion for adjournment. Alderman Thorpe persisted thnt ho had, uud tho meeting broko up iu confusiou. Result : No Mayer elected. Let us supposo that Alderman Thorpe was magnBuiraou3 nud allowed the Council to olevtito him to the chair. PARRAMATTA BOROUGH COUNCIL. Tho ordinary meeting of tho Council wns held on Monday evening, Sop. 2o, tho Mayor (Alderman Thorpo) in tho chair. After tho confirmation of tho minutes. Aldermau Byrnes moved tho adjournment of tho Council for the purposo of referring to tho necessity for presenting Muyor Thorpo with an oil paiuting of the special auditors. Alderman IJyrnes spoke for un hour. Iho adjournment j was negatived. Afier tho h'rst letter had beon read nud ra ceivnd, Alderman Sounders rose to movo tho adjournment of tho Council for tho purpose of agitating for n wooden crossing opposite his gateway. Alderman Sauuders spoko for an hour. Tho adjournment was negutiyod mid lotfer No't2 recoivid. Letter No. o rend. Alderman Cox moved the adjournment of tho Council for tho pur poso [of adverting to the desirability of pre senting Hush Taylor, Esq., M.P., with a leather modal. Alderman Cox spoko for an hour. Tho adjournment was negatived und letter No. ,'i was received. Letter Bo, 1 read. Aldermnn ltloxhum rose to movo tho adjournment of I lid Council fur the purpose of recognising thu services of tho Beni:li in the recent municipul cnsi?. Aldermjiu MoxJmm spoke for 1111 hour. 'J'ho motion was neyratived. and letter No. 1 received. Letter No. .') r«:id. Alderman Spin I;* moved tho adjournment of the Ccuncil for tho purposo of discussing tho urgent necessity of appoint ing Wullerius Aiiey, Ksq.. Council Clerk, uud HughD Miller, Ksq . Overseer of Works. Alder man Sparks upoUo for 1111 hour. T110 motion foi- adjournment was negatived, and letter No. ,') wns received. It is now 1 o'clock iu tho morning. Tho minutes huvo beon confirmed uud five letters received. Alderman Di:;on ami Withers uio waiting to movo tho adjournment and to occupy tho lloor for two hours ; but the Council, under Mayor Thorpo's wiso rending of tho borough by-Iuws, backed up by tho learned decision of the Farriimatta bench, huvo hnd enough for oi:e night and they do adjourn with a vou geuuoc. Thin is exactly what, can occur under by law Ui if thei Council mibiuits t.j thu definition of Messrs. Kdwurds, Harper, und Pur.-ur, mid Aldermnn Thorpo. These tyros in muuiuipal order and procedure might well bo proud of the ell'cct ot their ull- wieo decisions. It is not all beer and skittle.': hoingti minister of the church theso times. On tho ono hand you aro too orthodox, 'oo theologicul ; on tho other too sensational ; yet iignm your services aro drifting Romoward, or e'.so they aro uuat tiuetive and dull. If you touch a glass of wine you are a druudnm ; if you don't touch it you aro narrow-minded and illiberal .If you lal;o part iu public movements you aro meddlesome and keoping other religionists mvny ; it' you don't tako part, you u u pcIIUIi und stuck no. If you got a good screw, you aro described iis'h professional preacher livinsr on the fa' ol' tho land; if you don't get a good screw, you niv suid to bo a duller and arc spoken of 11s 11 '? poor devil.'1 Tf you go visiting you aro designated a nuisance and a Paul Pry ; if you don't gu visitintr, people want to know what you're prid for. If you fraternise with a rich man it is ex claimed that you worship tho guidon calf ; if you fraternise with 11 poor man that is accepted as priinn fneio evidence that you nro hunting after popularity. You- every little act is scrutinised and criticised. In abort, you mint not pretend U- he humati j :it all. You must g 1 around in rues, livo like a beggar, only 1:0 to funerals, and never liy ! any means bo cai.Kht, Miiiling. You must, j never do aa your r inprcautinii docs, or :\ny j reasonable human b ?inv: ; but in all th u£r- put, 1 on a false exterior. You must not. liiink. smoke, laugh, or wen- seasonable clothing, or seem to enjoy life in anyway. Infict, you clave not bj caught eiitinn, without being chiillongod as to wher.- you get tin; money on which thus to go feasting. You must not, be :i man. Ton must bj a mere pretence, a make believe, an automaton. _ If tho Castle Hill p.opio really 'vunt a trnm lino, now is tho time for I hem to look around. Captain Donald, tho manager of tho l'arrn matt 1 River .'Steamers, in 'the courso of nn it.ttrview with un Aisiius representative this week, intimated that he wis only waiting for somo encouragement from fruitgrower*, nud I'arranuitt.a business people to push on with tho scheme propc.vd by him. Somo active spirits at Cnstlo Hill nod Biiulkham Hills ought to move iu tho mutter, uud call nicotines and appoiut; small committees to work in conjunction with h Parramntta com mittee and Captain Donald, Working men of Granvillo should road the last half-yearly mooting uf the Leeds Co operative Society published iu another (?.?lumii. Its figures aro very instructive. The eo opernti u embraces drapery, grocery, butchery, bakery, and flour mills, and total siiles for tho half-year amounted to iM3G,G77 ! The net piont for that period amounted to the extra ordinary sum of £.i-t,37(5. and in addition to declaring a dividend of 2s 7d in tho pnu:id, a sum of .rj.iO was voted for tho relief of sufferers by a disaster. Captain Donald deserves tho thanks of the fruitgrowers for his efforts, ns disclosed in some correspondence this issue, to iind no-v and profitable markets for their fruits. That ho has found them no one will deny. It is remarkable how unprepared our orchardists aro to make consignments ubroud. A fortnight ago Captain Donald gave nn order for 100 eases of lemons and guaranteed not, less than Ms 7d a case. Tho steamer 13 leaving next Monday, but tho fruitgrower says this week he can only send 2j cases. Ci'.pt. Donald means to m ke a bis eiEorr, to establish a packing company in this district before next season, and we' intend to go all the way with him. There's money iu it aud the general good of the district. 