The Storyteller. BLACKMAIL. '.'.'; '???-; 'CHAPTER V. ,*p (Continued.) ~:? J._ \ ?;- ; g: /Cora eyed him scrutinizingly. '-. ' T ' ' \ . '''-'- There ia enough to supply your wants for many ? long day. That information, must suffice you.1 '..'. ?*'. ?'?'' 1 And will sho consent ?' he asked .„ '? ' I cannot Ray.' I iball speak , to her wherj. .Ifhink circnDieisnceg are ripe for it. iMeon wbile, yon will return at onco to Paris, end see as few English mi possible. ' Yon should disguise yourself more. If it.ia known that ^yoa are alive, all is' lost. . ,!,'. ;.' -,.' .*? ''?'?? ? Meanwhile V be asked,' significantly. ..- ? \- Mean^bile,' she repeated, ' hero are forty pounds for your return. It ought in last you until I oan bring about the achemii we hare on foot.' ' You are exceedingly frugal,' he Raid, sarcastically. 1 You are welcome U your opinion. One thing more — do . not take the train ai Ollerton. There is always some .one irotn the Hall there, who may describe you,' an1' your appearance ia so exactly what it wua »i: Scarborough that the earl might get on your track. Take the Hull train back to town. The station (Broke is only three 'miles east of this. Gcod-bye. She placed her hand. on his shoulder, nnd, tiptoeing, kissed him. , .7 ? . He scarcely returned it. The indifference eeemed to make her more affectionate ; for she held him by the hand, as though loth to 1st him go. ' , ? But finally she' dropped his hand, with a sigh, and turned homeward. ' . ; r '. He mounted bis horso, tethered near by, and rode off quickly through tho wood and in the opposite direction. For half a mile or so she walked on, her eyes upon the ground, herself absorbed in thought. ' ? v: ' ' ' ' The bitterness of death was in her heat t. ..She had loved — she still, loved, alas I— this Guy'Middleton with all the passionate love of her youth. And she was nothing to him ; she could see that plainly enough. ' He would not now be near her, save. for his hope of obtaining; money through^ her instrumentality. What would she not give, ?he thought, for some power by which she might be freed from the influence . exerted over her by this man ? ' : She was independent oi the world. Her own little fortune would enable her to live in town or country in entire ease. And now she was enacting a dishonorable, ? dangerous roh, in a gentleman's home, for the sake of one who, she knew, had. long' ?inee wearied of her — ay, long before even ha bad thought of marrying the woman who was now Countess of Mordaunt. Why did ahe bate her 1 abe asked herself. And the answer was plain before her. Be cause Marion Leigh had ooeupied tho relation of wife to Guy Middleton ; naOmore, be cause she had not loved Guy Middleton, Had she loved him she might have more easily forgiven her. But she had thrown aside as worthless a love which to Cora Haye was the most precious thing in this world. And now that this woman was rich, why should abo not atono by money to tho man ?be had despised, even when she lived with him as his wife? ? No ; there should be no receding. So far ?he baa succeeded in her scheme. She would now go on with it. ? .^ From either the earl or Mr. Leigh money mast be forthcoming- — money for Gny Middle , ton's pleasures. Perhaps in tine, Guy, finding her atterly devoted to him, woold come to lovo her just a little. ... But, if he did not. it was astrange 'pleasure — the only pleasure in the world left her— to supply hia wants, to minister to him, to know that he was thinking of her and looking to her for aid, although in an utterly, selfish ?way. ;-?? ;? ? ' ? ? ' 'Guy! Q*/!' That was the name which rose to her lips the first thing in the morning and the last at night. ,. , . ?? .: ' ? ? - ' Good day, Miss Haye !' Sho started back in surprise. Sho snpposnd herself utterly alone in old ' Sherwood Foreit — alone, save for her own bitter thoughts. ' Major Rockbridgn !' she exclaimed . ' . : ' The same,' he replied, ' and very much at Jour service. Are you partial to the forest 1 t has never been a favorite with the people at the Hall, to their shame be it said ; aud I am glad to see someone tho re at last'wh'o appreciates it.' ' ... 'She ' eyed him clonoly, trying to satisfy herself whether be was in earnest, or merely attempting to coyer bis real thoughts by an assumed garrulity.' ' I did not hear your approach,' she said, regarding his harse, whioh was pewing the \- ground and champing hia bit. - ' From which direction did you come V 'From the Broke Station,' he answered. ' I have been to the meet at Elviagton. And do yon know there has occurred somethiug which puzzles mo very much V. 'Am I permitted to aek what it is 7| sho aBkcd. They were now proceeding homeward, he walking his horse slowly to converse with ? her.- ?.???? .-.-. ; ', ;' ?I was just about to tell you,' he answered. 4 1 hare met a man this morning, right hern in the forest, whom I certainly knew once in the army, and I cannot for the life of mo remember his name, or reoollect where I knew him — whether at home or abroad.' ' I fear I cannot assist yon in the matter,' she said ^carelessly. ' I think you are the first officer of the army I ever knew.' ' Why, waa not Lady Mordaunt's first husband once an officer in the army V She glanced up at him quickly and ?earchingly. Was he trying, aftsr all, to play detective in this matter ? If ho, let him beware I She foil a terrible wrath rising in her breast, but controlled her features admirably. ' Oh, yes ; I think Mr. Middleton bad been once an officer, but-I believe he was never in active sarvioe.' * Middleton !' he mused—' Middleton ! Why, bless my soul, if I did not know tbat Middleton was dead, I should say that this man I met to- day was he.' » ' Perhaps it was his ghost,' laughed Miss Haye; 'or have you that desirable faoolty, major, of seeing disembodied spirits ?' The major did nob enter into the joke, and preserved a singularly woody and thoughtful silence nntil they reached the Hall, now near by, when ha dismounted and led his hone away towards the stables. ; 'Ia this man going to give me trouble ?' Cora asked herself, as she went up to the honse. - ??* I can deal with anything but a fool— anything but stupidity I As the Germans truly say, ' Against stupidity the gods themselves -contend in vain.' I must put my lady on her guard.' j; ' ;? Chapter VI. ; Until tn*e birth of the little Viscount Den beigh, Major Rockbridge was the heir apparent to the earldom of Mordaunt. ! : He waa the ' earl's cousin, and a constant .Visitor at the Hall in' tbe old days, when there was a possibility of tbe earl's remaining unmarried. He came less frequently now. That be was disappointed at the lo«s of so fine a fortune is not to be wondered at. But being a man nf honor, and a good man also, be accepted the inevitable gallantly and good naturedly. ! , He was really fond of the countess, and though a bachelor, and 'therefore naturally supposed to eschew babies, was a great' friend with the little heir, whom he frequently ti.ok up on ?' bis' ' 'saddle and rode' monnd the park, greatly to the consternation^ of the countess, who had noj confidence in a man's capacity for holding babies, in or out; of t lie saddle. The little viscount was vary decided in his' likes and dislikes, although but two years' 1 1 Id, and there were two perilous with whom be was greatly delighted — the one tbe major, tb« other OorajHaye., ,'._?_?; ' ?'. i-J1) . Indeed, 'he 'seemed the only living creature about' Denbeigh who, unreservedly liked that young* lady.': ? ;. ? ? . But shet seemed scarcely 10 notice him. ; When tbVcouutefiB or Lord Mordnunt 'was 'about1, abe would be effiisivein her a'tt'eh'tions to the little fellow — would. sing to bim in her fine, deep, contralto voice, and play with him by the htfir. ! But she 'seldom noticed him at other times. As she approached the Hall, after leaving Mnjor Rockbridge; she espied her -little admirer with his nurse on tbe terrace, and fearing if he caught sight of her, and that she. wouid be delayed, ? she harried onward, nmi had nearly reaohod, the entrance unob R-Tvrd, when she hearH behind her the well known' Cos ! Coa !' 'arid turning aaw'the Hitle fellow reaching out bis hands towards her, all smiles and delight, as he leaped ~up and down in' his nurse's arms.' There was nothing to be done but to go to him, which she did with as. good. a grave as ihit might/ ?' ' ?'?'' ( r- ''! ?'.'???? 'Deed uia'am,' said the nurse, 'nad he docs take to you unoommon Strong. I oft times wishes I could get him to be the likes with me.' ' ; y-]: ?.;?;' 'i' '',':; '''''''? ',?' ': Yes, nurse, baby 'and 'I are great friends! Does 00 love Coa; eh; Denbeigh V and she put iip her 'lips to bb' kissed. ?; T e little fellow put his tiny arms about her nock, and hugged her in real, earnest English fashion. ... ,,../;. ,? .-.' ';? .' '? v. Then she sang him a littlo song, and took him on her back; and; played horse with him,' winding up with his favorite amusement of chasing- her round the terrace. ' '* Finally sbe took him up in her arms, kissed him, and gave him back to the nurse. ' Ooamust go in now, Denbeigh,' she said. ' Mamma wents Coa.' ' ' No,' said the little yisaount, stamping bis tiny fnet. ' ' ??'!.. But MisB Haye had vanished. There was a loud lament from the; terrace in the nature of a yell,' which nearly split 'be mnjor'ti cars as he came out; on the grnnndaand demanded of muse the cause. 'Ob, it's Miss Haye he is crying for, sir. It be wonderful what he sees in that Miss Haye. None o' the rest o' us can see it. (Jook aays it bo witchcraft.'. ? '? : i ' Nonsenie, nnrse. Witoberaft is abolished by sot of Parliament.' .. ; ' Parliament can do. most things, bnt, savin* your honor's presence', it can't do away with witches. I never feels nat'ral when Miss Hayn is around- There's something uncanny about her. Eeven my lady don't know any thing about her.. Her first husband brought her to my lady, and I don't think my lady really likes her herself.' And then' the msjpr was again Raized , with abstraction, and| commenced pacing the terram, wondoring where end when he. hod met the man whom he ' eiicotintereii ' tliat morning in the forest, and recalling Miss Hugo's, strange.' joke Shoot Middleton'H ghost. ? _t (To leieontinued.) 