Sensorial Illusions. What are we to believe a supernatural ap pearance? It is a most difficult point to decide. Nicolai, tho bookseller of Berlin, was for months troubled by spectral appear ances of all shades, shapes, and almost colors; some tho likenesses of dead and some of living friends; others strangers to him. From being frightened, he became used to them, and, in fact, rather lonely without them. There were horse, dogs, cats, men and women. The latter presently began to talk to each other and to him. They even suited their voices—to his ear—in the con versations of his real friends. Nicolai, who was apparently in good -health, was escorted in this way from New Year’s Day till 20th Anril.- 1791. The doctors, who were convinced that the- gihoat» were, the result of a disordered system, treated him vainly. Surely here was a oase beyond even the peradventure of a douhfc. But - presto 1 comes an unbelieving medico, and with fiendish ingenuity bethinks him of leeohes. They were applied, and as they drew away the blood the ghosts grew pale and paler, till at last they entirely dis- . appeared. At tho time of applying the leeches, the room was fall of spectres, moving about and speaking cheerfully to each other, as ghosto with' good consciences may be supposed to do Ere eight o’clock that night, they had entirely disappeared, and poor Nicolai was bereft of hie shadowy companions, whom he never saw more. There is a more surprising case than this on the reoorcls—one which, even knowing it to have been a sensarial illusion, one shudder* to think of besetting a man of average courage. Herr von Baozko was a Polish, gentleman, to whom, sitting iu his room writing his autobiography, an apparition was vouched. One evening, shortly after the battle of Iena, he relates he was writing when suddenly he felt a poke in his loins, Looking round, he found that it proceeded from a negro or Egyptian boy, about twelve years old. Though persuaded that the whole thing was an illnsion, he says he thought it best to knock the apparition down, when he felt a sensible resistance 1 Tlie negro there upon attacked him upon the other Bide, and gave his arm a particularly disagreeable twist, when Baczko again pushed it off. This negro continued to visit him con stantly during fonr months, preserving the same appearance and remaining tangible ~r then, Baozko’s health improving, he came seldomer, and finally appearing as a brown colored apparition, with an owl’s bead, he took his leave. Here was a ghost that was not only seen, hat felt; that could be knocked down, and was oapable of rising again to tbe attack; a horridly disagreeable ghost, black, sugges tive to the fancifnl mind of evil associations ; a ghost suffioient quite to build a solid spectral theory upon—and yet no ghost at all, but the mere product of a disordered 