The KtoryteNer. I JULIET MOR.TIMICR, 011, HHNHU AND HIOHT. CHAI'THll I. I' Who Ib going ta the fishing tfilnnfternouu?' ekclaimod Ninu Mortimer, n* she look ber place at tho lunohumvtahle, whew tho mat of the party ftl Temple Court. bud alivn.ly mnoinhlod. ** It ib the very perfection ol weather, u it not, pnrdrour uim alio added, tnniiitu to hor father, nt wIioho *me mi- p no« w.i* assigned. Sir Richard Mortimer looked 1- -ml1v nt tho bright creature, who was Ihn wry joy i\\-id nn BhitiGof Ills lire, n« he replied : 44 You sco everything through -our own rare vision, my child ; hut in Ibis ease t really believe you an? right in your prognostics. It if* gray and still, without any nign of ruin, and promises good sport for your fishing-rod.' 44 And you will «n, will you not, Juliet?' re Bunted the first speaker. 41 Ah tn Mr. Vano and Lovil Seafirth. I do not even nsklkrm,' she added, archly. 'Of course. they ure nt our ordors, as loyitl cavaliers ahonM be. And you, too, papa* of course.' was the decided rlouc of the pretty tyrant's dictum. 'I will go with you, certainly, my love,' ne turned Sir liichard, 'and I daresay our guests will not refuse the iuvitntiou.' ?? I shall he deliuhted.' said Lord Seatirth — ft young peer scarcely over his majority— ' and you, Vane, ot course arc equally under orders.' 44 I am afraid not,' was the response of his friend, who boasted some four or live yours more in age, and whose cool head and clear brains gave, at least, as many more in force of character and maturity of manner 44 1 have letters to write — among others, tu that young artist I lie* fore introduced to you, Sir liichard, und whom you kindly spoke of patrunis'iM. Shall you go, Mi js Juliet?' lie ridded, addressing the younger the daughters ot the house, who had not yet spoken— unlnss, indeed, hrr eye* might seem to take part in the dialogue : for Juliet Mortimer's eyes were indeed rarely and most intellectually expressive and beautiful -a charm that was. perhaps, more noticeable since she \vu- in other respects far plainer in feature than her lovely elder sister. Nina was dazzling, with her blende hair and flowing, pure skin, and eo»al lips and joyous expression, that germed overflowing with mirth and archness; but Juliet's face was pale, though the skin was clear and without one tingle of ruddiness. Hcv features, though nut exactly irregular, had not the perfect and rounded out* line of her sister's exquisite contour, land their expression was calm and thoughtful almost to pensivenoss when iit repose. But one peculiarity the sifters had in common, and that was voice. Sonic people declared there mu*t have been a siren in th-? Mortimer ancestry, for a rich, soft sweetness of voice was a family characteristic, and in the case of Sir ltichard's daughters a most exquisite and winning charm. And as Juliet answered Mr. Vane's question it might have been supposed to ha e been Nina's voice, had the eyes of the listener been closed. 44 I will go, if Nina wishes.' she said ; 44 but I will not tish : it is such a cruel sport, ; I never can tolerate it; but i darc-av it is very foolish,' she added, as if suddenly remembering she cast an implied condemnation on her sifter. 44 Hut surely you will not attempt to sit with* out any atunsement during the process?' he remonstrated. 44 It is rather too chilly a day or that still kind of enjoyment.' u0h, no ! I wnnt to get &otue; fern -roots and one or two others that I know grow in the wood near the river,*' she replied, 44 so I can amuse myself very well, and wilhuut spoiling sport,' . h caddod, with a smile that lighted up the whole expression ot her face with a more win ning tfunuiness than Nina's more habitual gaiety. ' Well, in any case, we must be expeditious , over luncheon,' put in Sir Hiehard. perceiving, I perhaps, a »hade on his darling's face. 44 The | afternoons are not ?*o very long that w« can afford to lo-=e any time. Mrs. (ir.utttr.l. we will. I think, put oft dinner till half-pa*t seven this evening, wifh your function,' he added, turning to a middle-aged. lady. like woman, who hud actcd as governess to tiie girls, and now took the role of their chaperon ami housekeeper in dp fault of maternal cure. for Lady Mortimer had . heen dead some two years before Vina had emerged from the school-room. | Of course the lady assented, and in a few I minutes the party separated to iirepaie for the ] expedition. I 44 What is that ?' exclaimed Mr. Vane, as j he strolled to the window as the girls were ! leaving the room. 'Some carriage certainly j driving up. Miss Mortimer, your afternoon is ' doomed. Here are visitors, no doubt,1* he ! added, with a sarcastic smila. ??Intolerable! I will not s*e them!' ox- I claimed the girl, pett'shly. ' Nothing but the1 prospect ot a ball or archery-party could induce ; me to remain indoors for aoy tiresome dowager ! in the country! Juliet, you must- ? ' I liut just as she was going to assign the duty j of hospitality to her sister, the door opened, 1 and the butler appeared, with a face of even more than its usual gravity. ' Mease, Sir H'elutrd, a gentleman - -person, , I menn-'WisliCN to -eu you.' i 44 To see mo, Moris to ! and what name ? I j sjppose he /«'* a name,' »-cturn«-.l Lhc baronet | impatiently. 44 1 asked him. Sir Hiehavd, of course,' nod the man, as if indignant that his correctness should be doubted, 4,Hc-»aid you wottld not know it, hut thut I could jrivc you his card : and here it is,' added Morison, drawing forward the small salvor, that had buen alni'ist hidiien by his arm. and handing a rather dirty-looking card to his master. Kir llichurd exatuinel it attentively. *? Lorton ! he i*jpcate-l. 'i don't know the name in the least ; but t see there i* 41 Lincoln* i Inn' in the corner, so 1 suppose lie i* a lawyer : though what he can want with tne, Heaven knows, for I've no connection with any but our rofcipftctable old singer. Ijoigliton, who uiak«'» a capital dutumy as fami'y solicitor. Tell him. I'm engaged Morion. Il must he some mis. take,'' he ciontinucd, as Nina duns coaxin^ly about him, 44 Please, Sir Hichard, I did tell him I thought you were a-oing out immediately, but he said the business was urgent, and he must— thnt is, he particular1}' desires to see you/' he ontinued, correcting himself. Sir JMchard )o.'»k«'.l somewhat anxious - at least, so Juliet nnd Clinton Vane thought. In truth there is something rather ominous to the most innoceut and ^titleless minds iu such a message as the ott-- delivered by the 1'iithr at Temple Court. ' Ciwnf !' ' laiporiftfit !' has a thrilling and rather daunting etTect. It itnplieR a degi*e-; of solemnity an-l mystery J that scarcely accords with the peace and trail* ijuiHityof a wett»ordorcd hoit«eho)d : und Sir lticlmrd Mortimer was decidedly free from any alarms or anxieties such »*, are the misfortune of less happy families. 4- I will not he long, Nina, pet,' he said to the girl, us she looked unxiously up in his fact. 44 Go and get ready, and before your hats and cloaks are donned 1 will be iti wuiting for you.' Tho girl hounded gaily away. Lord Seatirth departed, to seek fishing-tackle aud overalls; and Mr. Vane remained to ga/.j from the window tutd meditate ou the wemrence that had disquieted the party, 44 Strange !' ho muttered. 'I have idea that all is not as ri^ht as would appear in the pompous household. People do not send such messages in for nothing, and I should not he surprised if the baronet is not forthcoming at the appointed time. There was noma stranue rumours alloat, I know, about the Temple Court folks ; hut I nevov could get lo the bottom of them, and, what is more, I never cared Co do so. Soalirtli, who is going In for the fair Nina, has far more interest in the matter; but I — psha! whut can it matter to (lis, a confirmed bachelor ? Whal is to be found hero, save hospitality, agrecablu society, und re. pose? If these tiro oombinod, all olsu is oiw to Clinton Vane.' And he was about to lotve the room, when the door opened, and Juliet Mortimer entered. 'Did you say you were going to write to the Artist, Mr. Vane ?' rIio asked, timidly. 'Yes; why do you inquire ?'? fihe said, hf surprise. 'Qkl notbingi' she Mid; ' only I thought —that is, you said ho was very poor, and his mother depending nn him, ami I thought that, perhaps, you could just send him this as if it were an advanoe on papa's commission, please. I'apa is very kind,' she added, blushing deeply, 41 but he ha* a great dislike io what ho calls pampering people, only ! fanned there nn^ht be real need in thin case, from what you told us.' I Aud hIio hastily pressed a bnuk*notc- into 1he astonished Oiin(.'-n*s ImmU ns she spoke i 44 Miss Juliet.' he paid, 44 this is so utlerly nein|1c«n, and — - ' 41 I'lea^', not ii word ; only do not sav am. thini; about it to anyone -nor tell Mr. Lorraine ofit;lm-'ui that --I - that anyone hut papa sent it to him.' Clinton was about to reply, wlteu Nina's cleat joyous lomis wen* heard in the hall, and the , nest inouiunt she was iu the room, followed almost immediately by Sir ltichard's portly - ! form. 44 Nina, my love- Juliet, t am afraid you ! must excuse me this afteruoon/' he said, hurriedly. 14 Surely, it need not kenp you at : home. Lord Scafirth will escort you in perfect safety : and another time we will make up for the disappointment,' he added, with a faint smile. Hut it was only a grim attempt hI gaiety. There was a haggard, unxious wildness in his cve.s that was mo^l foreign to their usual care* less nood- nature ; and hin voice had a ouaver in it, all unlike its sonorous, fearless ricnness in its natural state, that troubled the sensitive nerves of Juliet, albeit to Nina it expressed but the natural annoyance nf l»eing deprived of so pleasant an excursion. 44 How tiresome! Will this man stay long? Can you not join us, I'apa ?' sa d the girl, anxiously. 1 ' I cannot tell. K««t my dear; I think not,' I he said, 44 There is importaot business to be 1 arranged that may take some time. There : go | and enjoy yourself, my prt, and Heaven bless you!'' he added with strange solemnity in his j tone. Juliet was on tiie point of offering to remain; | hut then the rememlierancc thut she must in that case prevent her sister enjoying the exvur | sion, and also a consciousness that she could really do no good hy such a proceeding, stop|-ed the iinpul*-c. Il was no part of her character to make need less parade of ostentatious sacrifices. So, with a half-biguiticant, half-pleading glance at Clinton Vane, she prepantd to follow Nina and Tiord Seafirth, while a page, who wa* a kind of useful attendant to the young ladies, came up in the mar with the fishing tackle and fern-basket. U was lovely scenery that surrounded that favoured domain Tiie winding, graceful, beautiful Wye, as it flowed through the verdant and wooded land scape to its contlucnce with the Severn, skirted the fine park aud luxuriant woods of Temple Court ; while opposite rose the hi'^h banks, and at a distance, though withm sight, was the picturesque ruin of Goderick Court, and tar away the exquisite remains of Tintern, and its graceful traccriea of arch, and chantry and window. Hut though the fair country lay before tbem, resting in the calm, soft, urayli^ht, and though | to some— at any rate, of the 'little group— every tree and stone was dear and admired and i fauiihar ou the present occasion, lhc scene attracted but little attention. Nina and Lord Seatirth were engaged with the gay repartee and light compliments that I passed between them like a gay glitter of fire* works ; and Juliet's mind was far away, perhaps too troubled with her father's mysterious visitor und the strange agitation lie had shown. However, their light steps soon brought them to the spot where the sport was to be carried on ; and so soon as Juliet had seen them fairly established on the green hanks, she took her basket, and, bidding the page follow her to the wood, she lightly sprang up the little eminence ' thut led to her destination. Scarcely had her light form disappeared, than Lord Seafirth1* eyes sociued to wander ftomthe rod lie held to the small hand und the eager £uc- of the vouthftil sportswoman. Very lovely site looki-d in her gray hat. with its floating blue feather, her pdtecAKhmere r»b«j, trimmed with white swansdown, that gave il a warm autumn air, and rivalled ths whiteness of the skin it shaded with its soft fur. It was small wonder. |-crhaps that the young nobleman could not resist the temptation of the Militude, the exquibitc scene, ami the allur ing liveliness of his companion. ** Miss Mortimer,' he said, iu a low voice, after watching her graceful maiitfuvres for a time, 44 you are scarcely more expert in this cruel sport than you are in more serious —more fatal captures. Can you not guess what I mean ?— can you not guess that 1 am like these unfortune victims, as your sister calls them, uttorl y at your mercy— prostrate at your feet ?' And he gave a half sigh, half smile, ns if he wished rather to save himself from t-o desperate an advance, should the avowal t*e unfavourably received. 44 1 am afraid you will not lie of so much use,' replied the girl archly. 44 I cannot put you in the nets and consign you to cook's care as a splendid trophy of my skill. Ho help me.*' she said coquettishly 44 See, there is a bite ulrcidv, and some fearfully strong fellow, I am , certain ; he pulls so hard.' Lord Se- ttirth hastily put his hand on the rod. and, hy accident or design, it encountered her rounded, soft fingers. 41 Miss Mortimer— Nina, I am not in jest If it is sport to you, it is death to tue,' he said, eagerly. 44 Ho not look incredulous— so cruelty hard and gay !' he urged. I ant serious , -earnest. Will you not listen to ma? When I ask you for this dear hand you cannot be sur* ; prised,' lie said. 44 Abrupt aa this avowal may seem, you must have known what was tn my ; heart Ion*; since.' Nina's little heart had certainly given a bound ; of gratilit*! pride and exultation ut this direct and flattering proposal ; and no wntidej, when I it is aoi)»idcr()il that it was the first she had over libtenod to since the day* of lovers with— ' I-Vu:ts and rtott'cu or miim new-invented game.' And besides, the person who made it was a poor : of ilie realm, with some twenty thousand a yuj,r, aud a very eligible match even for the favourite and lovely daughter of Sir lticlmrd Mortimer, of Temple Court. And thus, though Nina was most dccldedly not, in the sontimental acceptation of the world, in tove, nor llultered by tho agitation and the joy of this malady, she yet did flush most be coininly, und lower her eyes, till Lord Scatlrth had an excellent opportunity of admiring the brown silken lashes that fringed thu lids of the sparkliug blue eyes. Jhit she did not at once reply, and the lover | was Uiti lo renew his suit in tender earnestness I pf pleading. I 44 Nina, this is worse -ruclty tltun t » the I fishes,' ho 'aid. nt length gathering courage I from a half smile he saw wreathing the pretty 1 tips. ' At least, put me out of suspense if it is , to plunge me iu misery.' | 1 ' And what con I say ?' she whispored, 44 1 j did not expect - 1 dp not know - I ' Po you know what, dourest?' he asked, I 41 Do you mean you do not know whether you' could Jeatii to iikfl tiiB ? Marling, f would win I your lovo hy my devotion, if you can hut feel] you tolerate me now; and I will make your life j A very fairy dream if you will but give inn the right to worship you— to surround you with all that is fair and luvoly as yourself.' It was noditfoouraglng prospect for a young girl of hamly elghwon— tup honpigu of a hand* some young lover, with rank und wealth to lay at Iter foet wind the fair Nina appreciated the situation. 41 I'apa really till bo shocked,' *ho whlsnured, with an arch smile. 44 You must ask him brut,' 4- And if I aik him will you endorse hta reply?' said the young man, with a gathering cotiHdcnce iu his kindling eyas and cheeks. 44 1 alwass did keep the fifth uommandmeut,' she whispered ; 44 so I must not hegin to break it now,' * And the hand was piiRflionulely kissed, to tlio immediate safety of tho lucky salmon, which managed to regain Its native element in the I midst of the interesting noene; and though Nina did insist on trying lor another, fur | decorum's sake, it must be confessed that tho , Attempt waa an uttor failure; and when Juliet j relumed with her baskot of fernfe, aud liohens, j 40d mow, rwto *4* found the pair fitting, I with very susplolous gravity, some two yards apart, and without oven the ghost of a fUli to account for tho hour she had spent in the woods. 41 Why, Nina, you have been practising iny precepts,' aatd Juliet in some surprise, 44 You do not poem to have caught il single captive.' ?4 Oh ! yos ; a remarkably weighty one ; but I lei him cseape,' returned Nina, trying to cover ' her embarrassment by a gay laugh. 44 So I sup pose I am not in the mood to*dny, and wc may | as well go home.' i 41 Ion seem tn hiv a basket full, Miss Juliet,' observed Lord Soalirtli, gbmein^ at the nmss of fairly like troeeries in the girl's collection of the ! woodland treasures, ' At any rale \oiir time has not been misspent. 14 No, it hss answered perfectly,' she replied, j eagerly. 44 1 have found exactly what 1 have I wanted so long, and it it will hut llotiritdi in my I fernery as it does in its wild home, I shall be so ' delighted.' 41 You are an enthusiast in such matters. It is easy to ace you have been rural bred, Miss Juliet.' he resumed smiling. 44 You would be xvretchcd in a town, I daresay.' 44 No, 1 do not think 1 would he 4 wrctched' anywhere,' returned the girl, thoughtfully ; 44 but I do love the country, and more especially Temple Court. I often wonder what I should ftiel wore I obliged to leave it nnd never return. Kvcry toot of ground is so familiar—so dear!' she added, her ey«s wumlering lovingly round on tiie fair scene. 44 If other spots are so l-cau- tiful, I never could Lve them so well.' 41 Ih-e* Miss Mortimer sny the same?' linked the younp fiobtcuiaii of Nina, by whose side he had placed himself in the walk. *' Oh ! I am more of a cosmopolitan than Juliet,' she snid, * and do not pretend to be as much part of the place as the trees and shrubs. I had rather be a bird to Hy aliout and amuse myself with different scenes, and extract tiie greatest happiness from each.' 41 And idled light und love wherever you alighted.' put in the lover, us Juliet sprang away to gather a beautiful Michaelmas dai^y. 44 Ah, Nina! you shall not form a wish that shall not he gratified, my joyous, tKvmliful l«»vo. It will be my pride to exhibit my treasure to admiring eyes, and my joy to feel that in all place* and times it is yet mine— exclusively my own.' Nina was spared the embarrassment of reply by the return of her sister; and in a few minutes afterwards they were within sight of the broad terrace that skirted thi; whole side nf the house that fronted the park slopes. 44 1 wonder whether that detestable man is pone,' said Nina, as they lightly ascended the flight of stops that led to this favourite pro menade. 44 Oh ! yes. There is papa looking out for us, and alone. How provoking he was just kept at home for such nonsense!' she pur sued, though an arch glancc that shyly shot from uitdcr her curtain lashes belied her words, and apiicased the young lover's reproachful wrath. 44 Docs not papa look ill, Nina,' said Juliet iu a low town. ** See, his very eyes have dark lines round tlieiu. What tviii be the matter?' 44 Nonsense, Juliet ! You ought to live in the cave of Trophonius ; you are always fancying tfomcevil,' returned Nina, lightly. 44 1 daresay papa is annoyed at Iteing shut out all the after noon ; but that is all. And I declare that is the dressing*bcll,' she added, 44 they must have forgotten that dinner is delayed. Make haste, Jule, or I shall seixc upon Tharese all to my self.' And she sprang across the terrace, and bounded into the billiard-room, which formed a kind of entrance from the terrace, and where Sir liichard was standing. 44 Well, jMcfnuit', are you not ashamed of your treachery?' she began gaily. But a glance at her father arrested even tier thoughtless vivacity. Certainly Juliet had not been deceived for once. Sir Liichard looked as if a week of suffer ing had passed over him since they parted two short hours before. TJie healthy, sunburnt, rubicund hue on his checks had faded io a chill, faint red, that was almost us if the blood stayed in his veins, and the kindly smile that hovered over his full, candid lips was exchanged for a faint, wan attempt at its usual jollity; but his eyes were the most striking evidence of some strange shock to his genial, thoughtless nature. As his daughter hod said, there were dark circles that had never been there since the widower's tears had printed such sad though passing traces of grief ; and there was a haggard wildnnss in their expression that even during thu first intense grief for achcrislied wife was never seen in the kindly sunshine of those light blue orbs. 4* I'apa — dear papa — are you not well ? ' 6aid Juliet, who had followed her sister into the room, while Lord Seatirth lingered behind to give an order to his grootu, whom he happened to see in the distance leading home a horse from exercise. 44 Well, child ? Yes, ot course ; what should make you suppose I was not */' returned Sir liichard, in a hardier tone th*in was natural lo hiin. 44 What a tiresome, fanciful girl you arc, Juliet !' The girl shrank hack instinctively at the harsh response ; but a glanc.; at the umnistakeahle suffering in her father's open countenance banished at once all vexation and fear of in curring displeasure. Juliet was not the 44 pet' — she knew that beyond controversy, and her sweet nature rather quailed under than resented the luunilitation ; hut now, when there was such undoubted cause for alarm, shp did not shrink froiu urging her sympathy and her strength on her father's at tention. 44 Marling papa. I cannot be mistaken,' she whispered, soothingly— 44 either you are ill or sorrowful. Will you not let your children sliarc in your suffering, as j'ou have ever made their happiness and won their love ?' There was a -(uiet gentleness In the tone aud look that might have defied any resentment, and won trust aud confidence, . in its soft prayer. Hut Sir Uichard appeared only to chafe under itspaiuiess probe. 'Hon't worry me, Juliet; you are talking nonsense,' he said, hastily— 44 as if a man ' was bound always to look the same glowing mounte bank I have sometimes made myself. ( I am well enough- well enough,1' he added, with the poor lips quivering in the vain effort to look calm and cheerful, 44 only that 1 mean, Mr. Lorton had some business with me, aud I hate. ousinesR, you know. And harkye. girls,' he went on, trying to speak determinedly ; 44 what I ' had to say to you is this:— Mr. liortou will re , main her)) to-night to complete our matters in the morning, and I want you to be civil to htm , -you understand. It's awkward for a man to be completely out of his depth, you sec, in a i circle -juite above him, and it is for you— as my I daughters— to make him quite happy and at case, you know. And now, inn away and dress, tny blossoms, ' he addod, kissing Nina with a passionate tenderness that had almost convul sive agitation in its caress. 44 And you too, Juliet—child; 2 look to your graver head to execute my wisltna.' I (To bt' rmit itiued iu U't'diWMhtif* tumie.) j 