NOTES ON NEWS. His wig roast be a soro limitation and restraint to Sir float, l'orhaps'tho actual horae-bnir Mr Bout could onduro, for it moans dignity ; it puts him artistically and socially in tho satno class with their Honors the Judges. An artist, indeed, might contend that Nature never con tcmplotud a wig when it moulded tho features of tho present Speaker of the Assembly, A wig argues a judicial countonnuco, with linos of thought and Bovercst impartiality, and tho aspect of 0110 who sits remote from human passion. But ovon his own wifo cannot pretend that tbeao qualities are discoverable on tho spacious, well-nourished viaapa of Mr T. Bent, It is an hbiicstfaco, no doubt, with blunt, good naluro visible in it ; but, for tho rent it bus no paleness born of studious hours, no lines of ascetio self- denial, no air of philosophic remoteness from human passions. It is a fighting faco, a thorough-going partisan oountonnnco tho viango of uno who will find lifo only worth living whon blows aro flying in all directions, and wigs are on the groon and a general fight is in progress ! Mr Ilont, nil thisgoos to show, becomes his natural und buppy self when bo cscapos from his wig with its imprisoning proprieties and walks abroad, like an Irishman nt Dsnnybrook Fair, with no other busmoss than that of breaking ull the beads that comoin bis road. The puroly natural man in Mr Bent bad de cidedly n high- timo in Parliament last night. How ho spread himself out ovor the thrco unhappy Itnilway Commis sioners 1 Mr Francis, it scorns, was dear as a subordinate at L400 a year ; Mr Murray is merely an electrician; the throo Commissioners are " totally and thoroughly incompetent" for their pre- sont task, mid they aro dismissing out of spite bettor men tlinn thorn- solves, Mr Bout loses bimBslf in a mnzo of speculation as to whore on earth Mr Kibble or Mr Fratiois obtained his knowledge to tuanugo such an affair as our railways 1 For himself, gazing with propholio oyo into futurity, ho sees nothing hut "eternal smash" as tho final roault of our present railway system 1 For tho rest, Mr Bent, if appointod a committee of ouo, could immediately point out how . wo could retrench to tho oxtentof LI, 000, 000 per annum ! But the gravest crime which an over-fed and wicked public service has yet committed, according to Mr Bent, was reached when the Law department allowed a man with six aliases to be convicted under the name of Bryan O'Loghlen ! How Mr Bent's cheap virtue, his thorough-going loyalty to an ally, comes out in that odd outburst of wrath ! The " spooks" aro apparently taking up thoir abodo in tho colony, and their first performance at Bonalla is-roully a vsry creditable offort. The whole story, unload, is a lino typical ghost tala, witli a murder in it ; a concealed corpse ; vaguo terrors and apparitions which frighten pooplo from passing after sunset by a givon spot; und, finally, a dream which leads to the firoplaco of a dosortad hut boing dug up, and human bones being found! All tho materials aro hero for a ghost story of tho most delightful quality ; and ono, too, which bait a mora solid substratum of fact about it than suoh tulei usually havo. Tho father named Jordan, a man of furious paBsion, undoubtedly livod in this hut with his half-witted sou. Tho youth mystoriously vanished ; tho father was volioracntly suBpsotod of having mur dered him, and tho police made diligent inquiry in the mattor without results. The hut was burned down, apparently by acoideut ; the suspocted/murdorcr died; vacuo and terrifying traditions gathered in time round the spot. As thn rosult of a dream, somo noighbors a few days ago dug up tlio firoplaco of the old hut, and actually found Bomo bones hidden thero which aro, of courso, vehemently suspooted to bo those of tlio murdered lud. It all this proves to bo tho caso, tho story will of courso yield joy to Mr Stead and tho Society of Psychical Boscnrch ; but ovon if tho bonos provo human, and tlio dream thus unlocks tbo mystery' of a shooking crimo, will it bo necessary to no- cord any credit to tbo "spooks." It edema obvious tk&tthoglooinyrocolloctiouswhich; bung round the deserted hut, assisted by a suggestion fromDoeming's methods, might easily prick the imagination of half a hundred pooplo in tho neighbor hood into activity ; and, asslstod by a touch of indigestion, .sob a whole world of dreams into oporation about this particu lar hut. Wo need not, after nil, postu late tho " spooks " to explain the story. 