SAILING ITEMS. (BY EIasTAIL.) A considerable amount of interest was aroused last Saturday in the second raco for the Australian Widows' Fund Trophy, owing to the announcement that the Ventura would make her debut as a racer. The day proved a glorious one; a stiff topsail breeze blowing, rather westerly, consequently puffy, but blowing all the time. The Youla, 4min, was the first over the line; Florrie (scratch), Vixen (41min), and Tentura (4min) following in the order named, and maintaining their respective positions to the cattle jetty, where the Florrie passed to windward of the Toula. There were no further alterations until Town Point was reached, where the Youla, in jibing over, took charge, and cleared for the embankment, where three or four minutes were lost before she was again get before the wind. Second time round the Florrie unshipped her boom at the same place, but the crew managed to get it back again without much lbss of time. The third time round was ac cmpliehed without mishap, the Florrie crossing the line eight minutes ahead of the Youla, thus establish iug her claim to the trophy, this being the second occasion upon which she has won it. The Vixen had the misfortune early in the race to split her rudderhead, and, though almost unmanageable, still her owner (Mr J. Gow) had the pluck to take her round the course, although,owtrg to the accident, he lead not the ghost of a show. The Ventiua, to the surprise of ereryone, was trotted out with everything set, in cluding jib-header, and the cap-r that she cut did doubtful credit to tbo judgment o' tte man who persisted in stacking cloth on her to the extent be d.d, with the result that she was fairly out of the race, and had a little conteht of her own with the disabled boat Vixen. The Florrie's win was a popular one, and her owner, Mr James Barnard, deserves to be congratulated upon his success, and no less does he deserve a meed of praise for the plucky manner in which he has stuck to his chip through thick and thin. He has mot with a number of reverses and no end of work since taking over the Florrie. Burning off and r, painting, refitting, and new rigging were but the beginning of the struggle; thee came new sails throughout. Then, after winning her race at the Tam-ar Regatta of 1892, she sank at her moorings the following morn ing, and upon being raised acid placed in the boat-builders' hands, occupied their attention for three or four days. Then came season 1892 and 1893. Saturday after Saturday saw the Florrie out of luck. First the bowsprit went; another day the spinnaker boom was sprung and had to be replated ; next the main boom got mided up with a dolphin and was snapped short off; and altogether she sucoeded in winning one race during the whole of the season. Then came regatta day, when she was hindered, justled, and blanketed at the line by the Hobart Daisy to such an extent that the starter, Mr F. Martini, warned the latter boat of disqualification. Before the event was finished the wind died away to a breath, and simply for want of extra sail she lost a well contested race ; so she might fairly be said to have been out of luck up to the present, but owing to the enthusiasm and untiring efforts of her owner we may reasonably hope for better results in the future. The Edith left the Cataract at 2 p.m. on Saturday for a run through to George Town, but owing to the wind dropping she pulled up at 8 p.m. at Point Rapid. Dragging her anchor soon after, the crew found themselves up as far as Waterton, where, after securing her, they turned in and did not get under way agaiu until day light next morning. Got into the Cove at 6-45 a in., had breakfast and went ashore to stretch their legs and have a look round. Left again at 11 a.m, and came on up with spinnakers set before a light nor'- wester, reachitg Dilston at 2 p.m., where the anchor was dropped in the rain hope of getting some cherries. The )1adge also left the Cataract on Saturday for the middle of Pig Islazd flats, whery she stopped all night, droppisgdosvn to Dihston next morning. The Florrie left in r moor ings at 7 o'clock next morning for Rostells and the f:uit garden, where she arrived at 11 a.m. The Gitana also got down through the afternoon and pulled up under Coul son's. The Youla and Ventura left toge ther about 2.80 p.m. on Sunday, the Youla having the best of the start. The Ventura, with topmast housed, and looking a very picture, was getting along like a steamer, making one pause and think what she might have done the day before. When abreast of Pig Island she was some con siderable distance ahead of her rival, and meeting the other boats coming home they both ran back in company with them. 