wiLDFtowER. I BOOK VI. I fiHAFEER III. =, . ... I A ^artipjf liitcrtiew. I Edward Cli£&6n diA. not r«turn to the I Shrubbery till s late hour of the nighty and I after & ifiw observations to hie mother, Iff ho was pale and taciturn, he went direct |io his room; As he passed the study door, ? tie key and its dangling bunch appended I rfrnck his notice ; And with an angry ex ? clamatJon against his own stupidityand I forgetf iilnese, he locked the door, and ? jgcended another flight of stairs. I He had a happy dream that night, all I about Avice and Rosamond — how the ? former loved^t hinj, a,ud the flatter, I loved another^ %Hd ''how-- r lie loved ? I Ayice now — in11 iis dreams'!' He I woke up quite refreshed ; his vision had I ended happily, too ! He had been married ? to Avice, and they had settled peacefully I (jown at one fireside. He had forgotten his I first love, and she had wedded hers. ? With what a pang do we sometimes wake I from our dreams— ^frona the pleasant party I irhore the old loves are all there, from the I irigit faces that have been long lost to us, I that are afar off beyond seas, that are hid I den by the green moss and the grave I gtone ; from the pressure of hands which ? lave long crumbled to dust ; from the past I as it might haverbeen $ from the future as ? it never will 'be 1 I But as Edward Clifton did. not go into I Us study when he came home on the pre I ceding evening, so had he very pleasant I dieams, and there was no pang when the I dreams ended, and the daylight brightened I Ms chamber. I Clifton was soon up and dressed. 'He I intended to have a stroll in the garden be I fors breakfast ; but he went no further I than the study door, at which he halted, 1 I drew out his keys, turned the lock, and I entered. I A minute afterwards he might have been I taken for a statue, as he stood before his I desk, he was so erect and motionless, and I He face so marble-like and white. I There was the blind drawn up, and he I iad drawn it down. More — there was the I diarj' he had elosed and claBped, open at I the date of Jttly 7,18 ? ? . ! The leaves were I radely crumpled and dog's eared as though ? rude hands had clutched them, or a heavy I weight had fallen on them heedlessly, and I marred the smooth surface of the manu I script. I Re guessed it all — he read the scene I aright, picturing the prostrate form of last I sight crushed by the words that he had I written in a fool's excitement, and con I Ticced of the hypocrisy with which he had I confessed his love and followed up his con I quest. 5 I Slowly a hand extended towards the I desk, and closed the diary, and with shak ? ing fingers secured the brass clasps that I held its secrete together ; than he walked I tc the window, drew the blind down which I let in the accusing sun, retraced his steps, ? and sank into hie chair, cowering with I '*ery shame. I iucn the seryatit came to announce ? bntkfaat, he rose and moodily descended ? to lit breakfast parlor, looking the stable I door~i?d beg pardon, study door — from I which, the -flteed -of -Gupid : had galloped I away for ever. I His mother — more like a duchess than I Then she stood in the hall of Olverton I House, piteously wringing her -hands — sat I at the table superintending the early meal I with a face almost as shining as the silver I coffeepot !& 'which it was reflected. I 'Good morning, Edward,' said she, I ' what a beautiful day.' I 'Yea/' he answered, languidly, as. he I stooped ovbr her, and tendered her his I customary morning salutation. I Mrs. Clifton Was a trifle embarrassed ; I tut she passed it off with a smirk air of I compoBure, be Edward Clifton drew a chair I to the table and began slowly stirring Ms I coffee and frowning at it as if it was I poiEon. I , ' Mother/' he a^ked suddenly. ' Yea, my dear.' ' Was Avice here last night?' I ' Yes» she came in the afternoon, and I v?zb taken with a sudden faintness, poor I girl. 1'ipras forced to acoompany her home I iii my brougham.' ' Poor girl !*' he repeated mechanically. ' 1 cannot account for it- I am Bure,' said lis mother. *c She was in the ' best of spirits when ehe first came ; and as you iad accidentally lef £ the hey in your study door— ahem I — it was proposed that we should rob you *-f ; th«s secf»ts 'whicn ybtf have io long pent up. I told h«r that you could have lid sefcrets from her^-that you desirad nonet' 'And Bhe— and she P' ' She Went to the study* 1 lefthfer there, and returned to find her very faint and ill, and hanging over tke book with the brass clasps, in which you are always writing so earnestly,'! answered the mother. ' But I daresay Bhe is better now* You must run over and see her after breakfast.1'. ' I am goitig,now4' 6aid he, ^e^ng. j ?'Bft^^'aea^-Eawara, ylii .nave not touched your coffee or — ~* - 'lam going now,' he reiterated. 'I cannot drink orjeat, I am heart-sick.' ' It !fi so &&$— It is*^^' 1 'Nevar too early for atonement or reparation, as it ie, I feat, too late for such bittef sepsntancfl as mine,'1 he said, liBing. *? Mother, 2 - must go nove^— this minute. I have done a cruel w*ong. God graut tnat I may right it.' . ; , 'My dear Edward,' reinonsttated tne mother, 'l«t me beg you to refleot If A-vica has bften deceived in you ; if ahehaB found out how little love you have for her, is not. the discovery better f« you bothf' ' You thought so,' he said harahlVi ' ; '; ' Edwatd !'' «xolbimed th« mother, 'IP,' ????. ' -? - ? '; _ ?:. ;. ' This is no lime for. cavilling,' ne re pliedi 'What 1 think may be as unjust &s; my own actiona. I am going to Olyer tou House. I jjhall walk there.-' ..' ; 'Butdo-^-' ' ' Oh! Uk me be/' lie cried, . peevislily J 'there \iB Uo greater curse than petty intrusions on a m&n;'-e g;reat Borrow.' : I Mrs. Clifton- said no Inore, and her aon I walked out of the room, and.,was soon atte* weeding Ms way *lowly along theSfcnQim? Bton6*y64d. .^ .'..:.??;..' ... '? :: ..''l.;:-' Hiia heart Wgan to beat rapidly the nearer he «jp proactod the rWlldencse o£ Mr^. Btanmore, and no beggar could have crawled at a slower pace along: the -winding drive which led to the house. It was striking 9 o'clock from Sander ptone . Church as he stood beneath the por tico and knocked. ' * 'The servant could not help expressing bik. surprise by an ejaculation of; 'Mr. Clifton,' as he stood face to face with the early visitor. ' Where ia Mr, Stanmore— Hies Hern?' he asked. . ' Mr. Btanmore is in the garden; sir, but Mies Hem — I don't know where Miss Hern is.' ?? Will you tell her I have come, and that I desire earnestly a few minutjg' confe rence,' said he. ' She will find me in the drawing-room.' Clifton strode towards the door of the roomJbe Jiad so of ten entered and departed ?frota in. the days of the long courtship which had ended yesterday. He started back as he entered the room, for Avice Hern rose from a chair by the fire and stood before him. There was t- red flush on the face of Clifton, which had no counterpart on Avica's ; she stood with her hands resting heavily on the back of her chair, as if clinging to it for support ; but the eye was steady, though the face was colorless. The ghost of her old love glided across the room until checked by the glance of the dark eyes. He stopped, but still essayed no word to break that painful silence*— he knew not what to say, or kow to act when she confronted him with that condemning look. He .knew that there was no atonement on his part for the life long injury he had heaped on her, and gfchere was nought to do but to go from her with a few words of poor excuse. Excuee! The very word brought the hot blood burning to his cheeks again. There was no excuse, not even that of a coward, which he could offer to Avice. ' Avice,' he began, and paused. ' Sir,' she answered in a low, but unfal tering tone. ' Avice 1' he said again, imploringly. ' I — I had thought you -would have spared me this meeting, Mr. Clifton,' mur mured she ; :.' there i» no reason for long cruel explanations — there is no desire on my part to listen to them, knowing how liiitle of extenuation there can be.' ' Avice, do you let the wild ravings of a disappointment that occurred long ago, stand as a proof against my want of love or heart ?' he cried ; ' do you believe I cannot — do not love you now ; that I would not choose you as my wife before all the world of women ?' ' You -would chose me for the sake of your plighted word, and from that, sir, I release you,' said Avice, looking down. ' Oh 1 Avice, Avice, do not release me!' ' Ah '- Clifton, Clifton, there is no wiser course, even if my love were as strong and deep as yesterday's, and had never had its death-blow from the pages of your diary. I do not accuse you of duplioity, of win ning me in pique for your own los& — in doing all but loving a simple, trustful girl, without even a pretty face to recom mend her, or a grace that might have set well on her in your home. I — I ? ' Her voice faltered so much now, that she was forced to stop. ' Avice, you misjudge me, by all past memories you wrong me deeply. I beg of you— IJimplore you for my own happiness — I swear my own as well as youre.' ' You believe so now,' said Avice, with a sad shake of the head ; ' it is the influence of the moment, and that has always had too great weight with you, Mr. Clifton. It is your fault, air ; it has been your bane in life, and I have suffered from it No self command, n© sober . thought, strengthened by a manly intellect, but ever succumbing to the reigning impulse, and repenting afterwards.' \-- Miss Hera,' cried Clifton, impetuously, *? did ycu ever love me. Can I think it now that you bo coldly throw me ofiE?' ' The question relates to the past, and I Would forget it, Mr. Gllfton,' said Avice. ' The past is fall of bitter memories-, and all the eunehine has gone away from it never to come back. I did a foolish and unworthy action yesterday in stealing to that' Btudy and giving way to the ein of curiosity^ — for that I have fallen in your esteem, as I deserve. But I cannot *egret it, I dare not, Clifton, though the truth h&s; severed us and ground my woman's pride to dust'. I, have no right to regret that truth which has saved you from false vows to God, and me from — no matter now, no matter !' ' Avice, all is not dead between ub P' he implored ; ' we are hotf jsferted by that one -cruel ineident-^-we ere not going to, part without one cope of reconciliation, one promise from myself, which- before God 1 swear ? ' : ' Mr. Clifton, I must request your silence entreat your departure, I c&unbi; bear a further extension of this interview,'' said Avice, interrupting j 'if jrou. -will hear my final decision, I will attempt to utter it — there is no amendment to be made or wished.' - ' I can but listen,' answered Olifton, gloomily. - - ' My wbman'B heart; tod pride f orbid.any ihing but the breaking off of thiB. engage ment,' eaid Ariae* witn quivering lipsj*' and I would break it off, if there was a ^e^ter penalty attached than Ihaastrengfeh' to bear. 1 &&y; fchifc calmly, in no heated moments, emarting under no sense of ia jury— that we can never be Ifiss tkbn- friends, that ike tieisijfbken, and you are free.. I wish, you every happiness; 1 ?will pray for it, imd I_«ven hope in a more worthy choice that you will gain it. You -will 'forget ail about this engagement in a few months, and thank me In y6ur heart fer the bourse I have adopted* Let it cease from, this inoment^time ?will bring content — if not the Waters of oblivion,' , ? . ,_ He knew it was no nee to stay,' there was no word to urge, and no eignio mak«— fljie had said it, and there was no revocation of ihe edict. They were parted— 4hey stood, towards each other in their old position; she w*& tile Avice who fbwt came to Sanderstone with Botomond, 3us fiistldve. T r - They shook he|iaB together^-he would iftve kissea lifers, in TeverenCB, but epine thing held hlmvbBcfc--ttM *o. they |«a-ted, and poor Avxoe HernfB ask ot promise went down in %he fereat flood Ita £o w^nt 3us way alone, , r ,. 'It was hard to beat— itwaa hard to , ?. ? ? . ? ? » bear/' she cried, when he was gone.'. 'I loved him very much— more than he ever knew, or ever viU know nowj lay life is barren — my poor, poor little heart so desolate 1' .:?'-?'? ? ? CHA.PXEE TV*. Something Wrong. Edward Clifton,. a few mornings after his interview with' Avice Hern, packed up hie portmanteau, introduced three or four manusnripts' at one end of it, by way of make-weight, kissed his mother affec tionately, shook his head at all induce ments to ' remain at Sand«retone, even though a certain Bosamond's name was , mentioned, and started one morning for the city of London. Nothing like Lendon to drown a dis satisfaction; of one's self, and bring the mind to a more complacent train1* of rea soning. London, full of old friends ; London, whose world is never too busy to | flatter the prosperous ; where there are ! many temptations to forgatfulness. many, pursuits held out, many 'baits for am- J bition hanging almost within reach, many people who have Borrows of their owzj^ and offer congenial companionship. Y*s, Edward Clifton went to London*. with no settled purpose in view, although with a few half-formed ideas of a new career, a deep study, a name in the 'list of great names, and ' suoh-like visionary projects, looming through the fog of his faculties. . ' --,,;?;? He thought' as lie sallied away frond home and his mother's arms, that ho must have loved Avice after all,, he was Bo horribly miserable ; everything was so fiat and unprofitable, sow all his old' schemes had been crumpled together un ceremoniously, and thrown away for ever. He wrote a great deal of poetry before he departed, he also struck off the opening j chapters of a tale, entitled 'Broken Hearts,' and put them into M6 porman teau, and took them . with him to that unfortunate city, already overwhelmed With poets and poetry, and burdened with broken hearts far more real than were to be found in the pages of his- novel. He left Avice Hern just as sedate and prim as ever ; her quiet plain looks, not a, shade more sorrowful in company, and her. attention absorbed in village wants and troubles, and charmer in them as if all her -wants were satisfied, and there were.no troubles of her own to fret over. Avice Hern did hot fall ill like Rosa mond, did not require any change of air or scene ; she was content with Sanderstone and Oiverton House, and all those trysting spots and green lanes which ware terrible reminiscences now and which made her heart bleed more often than her friends could imagine, gazing at that calm face from which her black lace veil was f ear- lesB thrown back. , Yet Av'ce Hern suffered more than her weak-minded ' sister,' Rosamond — there was ho romantic ideal in her thoughts, no future -when the favored one might hold her hand and tell Ms love again ; she was not separated against her will, she was sundered by . her own convictions .of that' one's un worthiness — with Rosamond there was light in the future, with Avice there glimmered but the past-— one looked for ward amidst her present sorrows^— tbe other looked back, and to ever look back on our regrets, avoiding -the present, and what is to come, caring not for either, is the sign of the deepest wound and the most irre versible injury. It seemed a rule in Olverton House-rand a very good rule, too — to avoid all allusion to' the mental trouble of its inmates and to pass over all topics that might intrench too closely on the hidden sorrow. For this reason neither Mr. Stanmore nor Rosamond recurred to Clifton's name in the presence of Avice, although to Rosa mond Avice often felt the desire to un- . burthen her heavy grief and eob out her tale upon the bosom of her ' sister.' But Mi. Stanmore half-guessed at the cause of the great change, and Rosamond remem bering some peculiar antecedents was perfectly assured of it, so there was little occasion for the relation of a story. About this time Miss Jane Stanmore blazed forth in a new character— she gave Up the ' girlish ' — packed away the worldlies, particularly the attractive curls of the same shade to a nicety-^asBumed a sober demeanor, got partial to romantic reading, fond of deep sighs which were alarming from their suddenness* and became very, very fond of Avice Hern. ?. ? . It; Was Borne weeks T»efore Avice could believe or assign 'any reason for it, bat the clue .to the. mystery unravelled iterelf in whispered sympathies end tiny hints. Miss Jane Stanmore had found con geniality of ientimenfe-^dne Who was Buffering from the same pangs and tor ments, one who Was a victim of misplaced love! f Yes, her ' Walter' had trifled with h6r affieclionB— though he had not Uttered a word -of significant meaning* and at times had in vulgar parlance ' fought.shy.' Yet there was no mistaking the look of those piercing orbB— mistaking indeed! she should say notl he had been like the rest, of the perfidious sex, and her hopes had been .based bn the sand of the seashore, and Had consequently been engulphed at the first turn of the tide. Miss Stanmore had, therefore, a right tp consign the re mainder of her stock of affections to one ^situated like herself, and Avice having no Voice in the matter -was compelled to receive the tender of her small miseries, and to be called in confidential moments a eister in distress. Had Avioe been disposed to dispute her claim to eternal sorrow, there had been no .convincing Mies jane Stanmore, and so she put up with -it, conBoling herself with, bavingwon Upon Mr. Stantndre'e lister *t last; after many long years of that lady's indifference. v ~~ It was a litft£ tedious to have but few spare momenta for the indulgence of he* own thoughts,- to have this elderly con fidante by lief aide ip. the garden, dut in the lanes, accompanying her in her elck visits, and when playing Lady Bountiful* and to hear many mysterious allusions to ebul-harrowing griefc and blighteS aspirations. 