A SOL! M KITS SKCKKT.j liy -;.*:?. ?' 'Ai'LE- KING. L' --. '. CHA'!:;i- :.. (''???? in»im It was by Uis aia that some or die jouior officers made a thorough exam ation of the roof and the front porch. Hb more signs there than had hitherto j been found. No, the sentry on the south post was confident that no man came out of Hoidon's yard until he got to the gate, whither he had run the in fant he heard the cry. He thought it ? might be a lamp explosion or a fire, and ' he -was watching with eager eyes. Ho had been on post nearly two hours when the alarm tame, and, except Corporal Murphy and the quartermaster's men who took the trunks, he had not Been or heard a man about the premises. Kath leen, the nursemaid, and the children had been home all the evening, and they had neither 6een nor heard anybody. Captain Bolfe, unable to eleep, and making the rounds on his own account about one o'clock, found the sentry of the third relief gazing curiously in at the open back gate, and questioned him as to what excited his attention. 'Nothing, sir,' was the prompt reply of the trooper, as he threw his carbine to the position of 'arms port.' 'I was Bunply wondering how any man could have ventured in there this bright night and expected to get out unseen, es pecially early in the evening, when men are passing to and fro all the time.' 'What made yon think any one had been there?' asked the captain quietly. 'Everybody has heard by this time that there was a search made, and that the young lady had Been something to frighten her. Besides, Sergeant Ellis epoke of it to me an hour ago.' 'What was the sergeant doing on your post at midnight?' 'Why, air, the captain remembers Sergeant Ellis is in charge of the fire house and sleeps there. He came out a little before twelve and said he'd lost his pet pipe while he was hunting i around with Lieutenant Brewster after he brought the ladder, and I let him pass in, sir. He said he'd been working there long after taps, and it would be j all light. Ho found the pipe, sir, right ! at the edge of the wood pile, yonder. He Bho-K-ed it to me as lie came out.' Captain Rolf e was silent a moment. Ordinarily none of the enlisted men j had any right to be away from quarters j after the ''lights out'' signal, but this case was unusual. Furthermore, Ellis was a man superior in intelligence, a sergeant of more than a year's standing, and one who had been selected for this especial duty for the very reason that, holding himself mrch aloof from the ! average run of the rank and file, he would bo apt to attend strictly to his duties as custodian of the fire house, and no one had ever heard of his abusing his trust. His own little room was a model of neatness when the command ing officer made his monthly inspection of the garrison, and the hose carriage, the hook and ladder truck, the fire buckets and other apparatus were al ways in perfect order and readiness for service. No one ever inspected Ellis' quarters at auy other time. The guard often noticed his light after midnight, and he had the reputation of being a good deal of a reader and student, tak ing books from the post library very often, besides owning quite a number of hisown. Observant officers who had glanced about when making the inspection with Colonel Farquhar noted that many of these were tert6 on mining, mining en gineering, mineralogy and geology, and some had gone so far as to question the eergeant as to whether he had ever prac tically essayed mining. With perfectly respectful manner Ellis replied to these occasional queries, merely, eayipg, 'Yes, sir; but without success.' 4£ked where he had made his essay, his reply was rather vague, 'In several ?western states and territories, sir— mainly Arizona and Colorado.' Only once had he displayed Anyttiiiig like ftnooystnos or. Limpiijtifniod under each fire. He had served his three years' enlistment, iwas entitled 'to his o^chargeV yet 'qnie^ly notified his troop conmp,tider that £4 proposed to re cnliet. In & somewhat fcbjirp' manner that official tea whirled about.' ' . ' ' 'Sergeant BlUs,' MM he/'4f I had | bad yciw experience i&\- mining it eeentt I to me I'd find I something different from staying to the regular army.' ' ! 'Captain Gorham,' ' was .the unex pected reply, 'i^^goJbadJbutd^uEtythiiig glad of vbo»tarjfte ,,*iiqyoWWtlo$t 'SMSPWSMiN* tfcU- episode tt-* £llMh«4_* «aory*iul'.ihp *M*o%-*- keep^itlto/hilSiBeie. ' ThV ^mtamnk-' gladto'hpoaWm'rfe-en^i^MVmifc wondering tfatffc'%e jdfi^ld'^o so.* '?'M^r Temea^i^^pW^Ji&lad;'' ,/aome p-$uxqi hagga*4 ana tovejjwptn wee years fce^ fore and offered himself as a recruit, This was far out in,the mountains.' Hta language and manners were such that every one knew it to be «i ceee dt a tsasx whom iorttine had betrayed, and who 'took tb.6 Shilling,' as many another has 3one, Bomewhat as a last resort. But before he had won hia first chev rons the men knew well that from some eource or other Ellis was beginning to receive a good deal of money. When Sergeant Currie was killed by that tough in the publio streets of Sheridan City — a cold blooded and unprovoked tnurder— and Carrie's wife and children had-not whereto lav their, heads now that their support was gone, omcere ana men 'chipped in' and bought them a little cottage on the banks of Rapid run, just at the edge of town. Ellis had planked down a five dollar bill as his share on the subscription list, but did not Kate Currie, the eldest child, tell how he had come all by himself af terward and given her an envelope which he bade her hand to mother from a friend— an envelope which was found to hold a fifty dollar treasury note? . Sporting characters in the regiment who sought to borrow from Ellis met with cold, even curt, refusal. Neither would he ever gamble or bet with them. Neither did he seem to care to go to town at all when first the regiment moved into this its most delightful station after years of service on the distant frontier — not until the order was issued permitting merito rious soldiers to wear civilian dress when on pass. Then he was almost the first to appear on the streets of the bustling county seat in a neat, unobtru sive, but remarkably well cut and well fitting suit, and, far better dressed than most of the townspeople, Sergeant Ellis became an occasional visitor, but no one ever heard of his patronizing any other establishments than the bank, the post and express offices and the bookstores. Captain Hazlett, calling at the post office one day, was surprised to find Ellis at a lock box, the key of Tphich he calmly placed in his waistcoat pocket and then as calmly raised his hat in sal- , utation to bis superior officer. Both were in civilian dress, both on tempor ary leave of a few hours only, both, ; from the point of view of the cotrespon- i dent of a very enterprising paper, occu pied at the moment the same social plane, and his allusions to 'the slavish deference demanded by the aristocratic commissioned force of their enlisted but far worthier men' gave rise to some dis cussion at the fort. One or two officers held that Ellis should have given the military salute ' and no other, bat the mass or opinion was in favor of Ellis's action; being entirely in civilian dress himself, the civilian custom should pre vail. 'Well, damn it,' said Mr. Randolph, 'that consists out here in shoving one's hands deeper into pockets, tilting the cigar higher in the .mouth and giving just half a nod.' It was finally con ceded, however, that in courteously rais ing his hat Sergeant Ellis had done about the right thing, and that in as punctili ously raising his own in recognition the captain had fittingly and scrupulously acknowledged the courtesy, the sneers and lashings of the Bpasm City Chimes to the contrary notwithstanding. Still no one supposed that Ellis was going to re-enlist when his time expired. They had already begun casting about for somebody else to place in charge of the firehouse. But Ellis signed the papers with ready hand, asked for and 1 got a month s furlough, with permission to leave the department, and was back in two weeks ready to resume duty, his , dark face a trifle paler, his heavy beard j becomingly trimmed, just three days \- after Nita Guthrie's arrival, just three days before she was to have gone home. ] Bolfe turned from the sentry and gazed away eastward. How many a , long mile down that beautiful valley ! were the lights of the rushing train by this time, and what meant this light so close at hand, shining: faintly but elear , ly through the slowly plashing rain? After one. and the sergeant still up and reading? No, it burned too dimly for a student lamp; neither was it in the ser geant's room. Following his thoughts, Rolfe, wrapped in his mackintosh, moved slowly out to the eastern edge of \- the bold bluff, passing the firehouse on 1 his way. Abreast-high wall of rough stone ran diagonally over toward what : was left of the old blockhouse, once j perched on the brow of the cliff, and, as the captain reached the point of the j bluff, he became awtre of a -Kto figure ' standing silent and motionless between him and the southern face of the an ? tiquated work. Another man whose ; thoughts were following the eastward ; windings of that misty valley, was it i aoti? Another keeping sleepless vigil? j 'Who's that?' in low tone, he sudden. Jy hailed, A start, a quick turn, then i pro tnpfc.»dviim.'6 and answer: i ''jSergeantiEllis, sir.' 1 he; deep : collar of his overcoat -was turned MpjBbout his «an, «o that 'the face 5«LS'weli nigh hidden, but the voice ^was calttvaria firm, ? : ' ':| '? ! -',Yon keep iate hoars, sergeant' | 'Not irfthout warrant, -captain.' 'pfour Warrant -ttdghtfeoffer, sir, if t^e colonel knew- you h'atl'lighis at two o'clock. '^ !:': ' ?-?'?' ? ;/ ' ? :: 'ft 'is by his authority, dr. that one lantern burns aU'idghi) tttat wlty one ihojciitrftiintriees^'' ;J -'-'? J^rom^y' 'followed, then., sprang ahqaji and opened the door tor his superior1* entrance. ? , ; , ''Let me offer the captain a match; that is an oil lantern.' And striking a lucifer on the etrip of sandpaper he held it forth. Rolfe miBBed the flame with the end of his weed. Light came to him, but not to his cigar. Muffled though his face remained in 'the depths of that cavalry collar, Sergeant Ellis' lips and chin w^ere visible through the j opening in the front and in the glare of the little match. 'When did you ehave off your beard, sergeant? I should hardly have known yon.' The lips trembled, bat the dork 6739, the.deep voice, were steady as«vers '^artwniafcdfc' CHAPTER ILL 'Captain Rolfe, it is a question I refuse to answer?' The northwest winds that had finally banked up the southern clouds and squeezed down a dismal drizzle the night of Miss Guthrie's departure now veered and whisked away the moist and plashing veil, and the afternoon sun shine of the day that followed streamed across the broad mesa in a flood of grate ful warmth and radiance. The colonel ordered out the entire command, to the utter consternation of Miss Winifred Berrien and the supreme disgust of some half a dozen junior officers, who, count ing on the weather indications at nine a. m., had eagerly accepted Mrs. Ber rien's suggestion that they spend their rainy afternoon at the major's hospita ble quarters, by way of making it pleas ant for two young damsels from town and three or four from the fort itself, all of whom were supposed to be deeply interested and engaged in the embroidery of certain altar cloths, lecturn and pul pit adornments, with which to rejoice the eyes of their amiable chaplain at Christmastide. Here it was well ajpng in November, and beyond a vast amount of chatter and. conjecture over the pros pective pleasure of the reverend dominie, nothing had been done. True, the colonel had astonished every body by ordering out the entire regi ment, at least the eight companies there of present at the post, to parade for in spection and review, equipped for field service, at nine-thirty that morning, and only reluotantly recalled the order when the persistent plashing of the rain warned him that it would take a day or two of sunshine to dry out the clothing and equipments subjected to each a downpour. And then if anything ehould happen and they should be suddenly called upon to bundle everything right into the waiting train — But, pshawj the thing wasn't possible; the ideaconld not be entertained. Of course matters were looking equally, very equally, ojp there in the Dakotas, and everybody from Missouri to the mountains and north of the Platte was already out in the field, and in little detachments from the scattered posts even far away in Montana, even far in southern Wycan ing, the soldiery were converging to ward those swarming agencies where thousands of truculent warriors of the great Dakota nation were drawing ra tions for every man, woman, child and pappoose they possessed. Be it known to the reader that paternalism is ram pant in the land— that while peace so cieties and Indian rights associations and prayerful congregations away at the Atlantic seaboard are deluging the press with diatribes upon the wrongs of the red man and the criminal neglect 01 the nation, and declaring that , Man's inhumanity to Lo Makes countless Indians mourn, | in this last 'century of dishonor' Uncle Sam has disbursed millions upon mil lions in the desperately hopeless task of filling the aboriginal stomach, and in striving by means of honest' census to re duce the number of the 'countless' bo pathetically referred to. Indiana would make splendid ward politicians, and how it is that the sachems of Tammany have not long since possessed themselves 01 so available e. means of swelling fotfr ranks passeth all understanding. After the Indian had had himiwif, Mnul wives and bis blooming olive brpaehed, 'oksheelah, wicincha,' boys Andigixls, and each pappooses as Jus better; Apfres ? .had at jthe, bask (either of home produc tion or borrowed f. or the tpojneg^ Jtatn the ^peeoiJTwp^ricks^-biisJBWJw'&nlf; (enumerated* would henot «W«jfctl»«*- bub cf daw.tribeby judidbno distribution ©fall ihis Wives' relations atajshg '?' 'those tepoes/not'^rea^y checked1 ditt Ohi'jtf thetrefch ?cb_uld!«ver;rej^.^',«ftrrc? ' them! Wjiwt otJwiIh mkgti not; Jte aa- ' Miedl D&ing;^Mtip^bisiffbjto wjOjara, #boi» ttonvotort, J&bde;'Siifti ^^^[oBe'rttito-id^-td' ttSi^- ? jjflfcm'' MfJUti*^ 'JL°- ^''^ { ?' '* 1'*-*'--'*t-i; JJ *-'J ' *'i* *h tituz^ui6^l 0ibozit 4q© jifflflpiocl.ynPr^ft fl-nflr* ! tere in the'queer old daye were all to be fed from that one ration, sinless, per chance, mamma was: a laundress. But - when dealing with the wronged and in- ; jnredxedknanhe could not «e too mag- i nanixnoos. Every .bead counted. The ' mumbling old beldam, great-grand- i mother of 'oonntlees thousands,' braced op from the edge of the grave for the occasion. The big bellied little four year-olds, reveling in the dirt abont the peeking fflntanh)m, the tiny hour-old ' papoose, even many a puppy, blanket swathed and slung squ&w; duck, ija.aD.tig for a wee baby, anything be could show as possessing a spark of Indian life was duly credited to the warrior lord of the lodge for another ration, a full one. Caiffoantehi and did ehrfnk. bat to the Indian uii'ru is more meat in a lean cow than in the stall fed ox to the white, for I the reason that 'everything goes.' Horns and hoofs are the only things the Indian doesn't eat. . Agents might and did cheat and steal, | but bo did the Indian, and m;my a re- j joicing old sinner has been credited with a family of twelve when his sole avail able domestic assets consisted of two squaws and tliree children, the papooses having been borrowed or personated by bundled up doggies, the grandmother being public property passed around for j the occasion; the others, pickaninnies | painted so as lo look entirely unlike the I grinning urchins counted in the flock of I brother Stab-in-the-Dark, whose people ] had just been enumerated. There were j agents who lent themselves to that sort : 9f thing because the more Indians they j could show as their especial wards, the j more barrels and boxes and bales were | invoiced to that agency and deftly 'raked off' en route. There was a time when the man who wouldn't make hay ?when eucli a eua shone was looked upon as an unprofitable servant who couldn't contribute to campaign funds. ??'What tne devil ao you suppose we nan you made agent 'way up at Gallatin for?' asked an irate political 'boss*1 of a deposed and crestfallen late incumbent who came home superseded. 'Why, it was you and our congress* man who exposed the stealings of my predecessor and had him fired. I sap posed you wouldn't stand that sort of thing. I supposed you wanted me to be perfectly honest.' 'Of course we did: bat, damn it, you don't Beem to understand! hewaa paying to the other party.' I But railways and telegraphs have brought all this, ox rnnch pf it, within range, bo to speak. Things have changed, except perhaps human nature, white or Indian. ^Xhere has been failurt to provide for carrying oat the earnest recommendations of the best friend the Indian has known for years — the mas whose word was his bond, whom they feared in war and loved and trusted in peace. There has been shrinkage both in the cattle and the count. No matter how much beef might shrivel ontiie hoof in the old days, the Sioux, if he were at all sharp, got moie than was his share, and most of the Sioux were as sharp as their knives. Other tribes might have | starved and suffered, but not they. With I the new order of things came full stom achs for hosts of other aborigines, bui fault finding for these Dakotas. No more 'tepee counts;' on the contrary heads of families paraded their entire force, and wliile enumerators 'with book and pencil went along the front of the line, Uncle Sam's Muecoats on the border keenly watched the rear and pui sudden stop to all sham and swapping. Now the shrinkage came to be privation, and, turning in appeal to tile general who headed the great commission and won their faith, appealing to Crook fox the remedies congress'haa utterly failed to provide, their hearts ?yere bowed with the tidings that the -^*«^ Spirit ha-3 eumnaoned the 'Gray W-x''faT mppieic hunting grounds. Then w^as there no other appeal? One — one which had never failed to wring from the government the concession de sired. c|d chiefs might plead in vain, but the blood of the young warriors is hot and strong, the lust for reputation as vehement as of yore. Every brave stood ripe for action, and no Indian leader ever equaled in craft, in canning, in adroitness the scowling old einnei Sitting Boll, and no man need doubt that it was he who gave the one. Every medicine man in the Dakota Nation be gan to preach the coming of the Mes siah, bat the' Messiah craze was only the means to an end. tJn-koi-to, the In dian redeemer — he who ordained that his children should prepare themselves by the savage rites of the ghost dance to meet him and all their dead ancestry and with them wipe the paleface from the Jand— Un-koi-to was a fraud of the ' first water, a masquerading scamp of a '? white man at odds with his own kind, ' and' progressive Indians knew it But | evontoanoh a saviour, when urged by , the JDhariataas in every Tillage, the sn pentitiouB nature of the red man tamed itt eager tabulation, andthe ghastly, mad- : dening dance went on. Night after night all over the broad northwestthe skies were-aglow with the Indian fires. The vault of the heaven* whofldto the eound of frenzied ' shriek MM yell and the ' forioos 'beat $f ' th- |p$liati&rum.; It is Imt a 'step from the, gho^t dance to1 the scalp iflance— from indian worship to Indian war. A year ?go jia every valley of beautiful South fofeota o»ttie were Wweing on !$*: bunjsh grass, settlers plowing on the1 plains, women sewing and irfngiijg tinder $6 inew raised rooftree^'ii^ gleeful children plifying inthe golden heaps' of «9rn. ^ow the plow «tsn6V Sdle in^hb abandoned farrow ; the tattle liitye go^-B, : totnjafcp u^, presumably, for 'the reser vatipn shrinkage;' women's songs have changed to 'sobs, children's laughter hashed to terrified silence, as the settlers ae^k! the refuge of the towns. New red glare in the sky at night, and the new ranch house lights the way of many a savage warrior, bound with arms and ponies to swell the hostile ranks in the mazes of the Bad Lands TO BE CONTINUED. Fsaatt smA son, Cycle Manu'siolnrevs, of Ha tinp-s, are t he inventor's of a Hevnlv:ng Ruboei1 Iir.ite for pue-jniauo and cushsion lyres. This is to take the place of the ordinary steel spoon brake and can be littcd to auy maDhines at a trifling cost. Something of the kiad had been for a long riin^, and no doubt wlieelast readers will appreciate such a simple contrivance for BaAinf their tyres, 