All along the River: Now Fiest Published. ' by MISS BRADDON, Auxhob.of "Aurora Floyd," "Dead Men's Shoos," "Tho Day Will Como," "Phantom Fortune," "Tho One Thing Needful," &o.; &o.;, ALL QUEENSLAND MOItlS HESEEVED. i synop8is of previqus chapters.. Ohaptbu I. — Protty littlo Mrs. Disnoy, wife of Major Disnoy, who is away with his rogimont on foreign scrvioo in Burmali, is sitting in hor homo at Anglor's Nest, Trolnsoo, waiting for a lottor front her husband. It comos at Inst und it tolls hor that it will probably bo six months, porhaps u year, boforo ho ooincs home again. To got over tho fooling of disappointment caused by tho lottor alio takes a long walk and is suddenly caught by a heavy storm. Sho is unnf TIia TVTmmt. f.Vin s'nnf of Tifml TjOHfArithiflL and that noblomau invites her to onter until tho storm is ovor. Sho consents, lias ton, sorvod by tho old housekoopor, nnd mnkes tho acquaintance of his lordship who sends hor homo in his carriage. Chapter II. describes Mrs. Disnoy's early life. Sho had lived with her sister and parents in Brittany. Whilst entirely unacquainted with toe world tlio two sistors married, one to a wealthy stookbrokor, too other, Isola, toe heroine, to Major Disney. After a brief honey moon Isola loaves hor husband at Yonice, toe to retnrn to England, ho to rojoin his regiment in India. When bIio arrived at Major Disney's cottage home in Devonshire sho was ill und broken down. "It will bo at least a year beforo ho comes back," sho sobbed. Her housokeepor, Tabitha, is distressed at Iter meeting with Lord Lostwitbicl and tho invita tion to visit his yaoht, but on his lordship calling at too cottage — tho Anglor's Nest— Tubitnu becomes quite oharmod with his amiability. CHAPTER HI.— (Continued.) She know that Loslwittuel was watching lier from bis vantago ground over so far above her heud. A man of 6 feet 2 incbcs has considerable advantages at a billiard table, and in a quiot flirtation carried on in public. " If it is a chaperon you aro thinking about I'll take care of you," urged good Mrs. Crowther. "No, it isn't on that account. Mrs. Bayn- ham offered to take me in hor party. But I reallv would much rather not be there. It would seem horrid to mo to be dancing in a great, dazzling room among happy people, whilo Martin is iu Burmali, porhaps in peril of his life on that vory night. One can never tell. I often shnddor at tho thought of what may bo happening to him whilo I am sitting- quietly by too fire. And what should I foel at a ball?" " I should hnrdly havo oxpeetcd you to have such romuntio notions about Major Disney," said Belinda coolly, "considering tho differ ence in your ages." . "Do you suppose I care the loss for him because ho is twenty years older than I am." "Twenty! Is it really as much as that?" ejaculated Mrs. Crowthor, imaffectedly sbooked. " He is just as dear to me," pursued Isola, warmly. "Iluok up to him, and love him with all my heart. There never was a bettor, truer man. From too . time I began to read history I always admired great soldiers, and — I don't mean that Martin is a hero — only I know ho is a thorough soldier— and lie seemed to realise ou my cnudisn dreams. She had spoken impetuously, fancying that there was some slight towurds her absent bus- band iu Miss Crowthor's speech. Her flash of anger mode a break in the conversation, and nothing moro was said about her going or not going to toe hunt ball. They talked of that entertainment in the abstract — discussed tho floor — too lighting — the band — and tho great people who might ho induced to appeal', if too propor pressure wero put upon thorn. " There is plenty of time," said Lostwithiel, " between now and December 20 — nearly three weeks. Time for you and your Bister to got. new frocks from London or 'Paris, Miss Crowther. You mean having now frocks, I suppose ? " " One generally does have a new frook for a dance," replied Belinda, " though the fashions this winter are so completely odious that I wonld much ratoor appear hi a gown of my great-grandmother's. ' ' Lostwithiel smiled his slow seoret smilo high up in tlio fainter firelight. Ho was reflecting upon his notion of Miss Crowtber's great grandmother, in linsey- wolsoy, with a lavender print apron, a costume that would bo hardly impressive at a hunt ball. Ho did not givo the young lady credit for n great-grandmother from a society point of view. There was tho mother yonder — inoffonslvo rospootability — too grandmother would be humbler — and tho great- grandmother ho imagined at tho wash- tab, or cooking tho noontido moul for an artisan hus band. He Irad novor yot realised tho idea of numerous generations of middlo cluss life upon too samo plane, the sumo dead lovol of pro sperous commerce. Isola rose to take loavo, after having lot hor tea got cold, and dropped half lior cake on tho Persian rug. Sho felt shyer in that house than m any other, Sho hud a feeling that tlicro she was woighed in tho baluiice'iuid' found wanting ; .that uniriondly oyoB wero scrutinising hor gloves und hat, and appraising her features and uomploxion. . She folt horsolf insignificant, colourless, insipid beside that brilliant Miss Crowthor, with hor vivid beauty, and her sclf- assurod airs and graces. Tubitha urged her to bo of good heart whon alio hinted at tooso feel ings. " Why, Lord havn morcy upon us, madam, linwAvni' trim vi /I flimr mnv fill Inttlr. it.'u vinfltinn but wool— only wool — and I lieard thoro used to bo a good deal of cotton mixed with it after thiB Mr. Crowther oatno into toedmsiness. The dusk was thiokening us sho went along the short uvouuo whioli led to tho gates. Mr. Crowther, having built his bouse iu a wood, had been ablo to' out himself out a curriugo drive, whioh gave him mi uvenuo of more tlinn two centuries growth, uud thus imparted an air of spuriqus antiquity to his doniosne. He folt lis ho looked at toe massive holes of those old Spanish chestnuts as if ho had belonged to toe soil siheo tho Commonwealth. Even the lodge was an important building, Tudor on ono sido, and monastic ou too other ; with' tout agreeable hodge-podge of Btyles whioh tlio modern orcihitcot lovotu. It was a bettor house than the curate lived in, as bo often told Miss Crowther. . ' Isolu quickened lior paco outside that solemn gateway, und seemed to hroathe moro freely. She hurried oven faster at too sound of a foot- stop behind lior, though thoro was no need for nervous apprehensions nt that early hour in toe Novomber evening on' too high ..road between Fowoy and Trolaseo. Did toe know -that firm, quiok footfall ; or wob it an instinc tive avoidanoe of an unknown danger whioh mado her hurry on till her heart began to beat stormily, and her breath came in short gasps ? ' My dear Mrs. Disnev,- do you usually wulk .as if for a wager f" asked a voioe behind hor. "I oan generally ' get over the ground pretty 'fast/but it was us ,'muoli as I could do to over take you without running." He was not breathless, , however. His tones were firm and tranquil. It was she who could hardly spoak. . \ I'm afraid 1 am very wto," sno answered nervously. | '' !. " For what?.- For, afternoon tea by your own fireside?. Have you anybody -waiting for you at the Angler's Nost, that you should, ho, in siioh a hurry to get Rome?".. '. ".No, there -ib no. ono -waiting,' except Tabitha; I expect no one." " Then why walk yourself into a fovor ?" " Tabitha gets fidgety if I am out after dusk." "Then lot-Tahltha fidget! . It will, he good for hoi- liver. .Those 'adipose, people, requiro small worrios now and again to 'keep them in health. You xaustnlt oyernaos yourself to Witha.' Sho had slackened lior paoo, and ho was wulking by hor Bido, looking down' at hor from that superb altitude .wliioh gavo liim on unfair udvantago. How could she escape thoso search ing glances? She know that her way homo was his way homo, so far as tho bona of tho fond whioh led away from the river ; and to avoid hjm for the intervening distance would have boon difficult. Sho must submit to his company on the road, or make a greater effort than it was in her nature to inuke. "You mean to go to this ball, don't you?" ' I think not," "Ob, but pray do. ' Why should you tout yourself from all tho pleasures of this world, and live liko u nun, always? You might suroly make just one exception far such a grand- event as tlio Hunt Bull. You liavo no idea how muoli wo all think of it hereabouts. Re member, it Will bo tlio first publio daucc wo havo had at Lostwithiel for ovor so many yoars. lou.will boo family. diamonds enough to malro you fancy you aro at St. James's., Do you think Mujor Disney would dislike your having just ono evening's dissipation ?" " Oh, no, ho would not mind. He is only too -kind and indulgent. Ho would havo liked mo to spond tho whiter with my sister in Hans Flacc, where thoro would liqvo boon gaieties of all lands but I don't' want to go into society whilo Martin is away, It would riot make me happy." "But if it made sotaeono else happy— if it' made othor peoplo happy to see you there?" '.'Oh, but it would not matter to anybody. T am a stranger in tlio land. Peoplo are only kind to mo for my husband's sake." "Your modosty booomes_ you as too dow becomes a roso. I won't gainsay you — only be snro you will ho missed if you don't go to the hall. And if you do go — well, it will bo au opportunity of making nioo friends. It will be your dobut in county sooioty." "Without my husband P PleaSo don't say any more about it, Lord Lofetwithiel. I had much rather stay at lionie." Ho changed the conversation instantly, ask ing lior what she thought of Glenaveril. " I think the situation most lovely." "Yes, there we aro all agreed. Mr. Crowther had the good tasto to find a charming site, nnd the bad tasto to ereot on architectural monstrosity, n chimera in red brick. There was a grange onco in tho heart' of tout wood, and the Crowthors have tlio advantage of acorns and chestnuts that sowed themselves while tho sleepy old monks woro tolling their beads. How do you liko Mi6s Crowther ?" " I hardly know hor well onough to liko or dislike her. She is very handBomo." "So was RuhenB's wife, Helena Formun, hut what would ono do in a world poopled with Holena Formans ? Thero aro galleries iu Ant werp which no man should enter without smoko- coloured spectacles, if bo would avoid being blinded by a blazo of rod-haired beauty. I am told that tho Miss Crowtliors will havo at least a million of money between them in dilys to come, and that tliey uro destined to make groat matches. Perhaps wo shall see somo of their soupiranls at the ball. Sinco toe decay of tho landed interest tlio chassc aux dots has become fiercer than of old." This seemed to como stmngoly from liira who had already boon talked of ns a possible candi date for ono of the Miss Crowthers. It would bo such a particularly suitable match, Mrs. Baynliam, tho doctor's wife, had told. Isola. "What could liis lordship look for beyond a fino fortnno and a bandsomo wife? "They would make such a splendid pair," said Mrs. Baynhain, talking of them us if they wero carriage horses. Mrs. Disney and her companion crossed a narrow meadow, from tho high road to the river path, which was the noarest war to tbo Angler's Nest. Tho river went rippling by under tho gathering gray of toe November evening. On their right hand thoro was the gloom of dark woods ; and -from the moadow nn moa it llti/ils wrltila vniof. Ill/ a a una. that threatened to swallow them in its phan tasmal tide. The sound of distant oars, dipping with rhythmical measure, was the only sound excopt thoir own voices. Did that three-quarters of a mile seem longor or riiorter than usual ? Isola hardly knew ; but when sho saw the lights shining in Tabitha's kitchen, and too fire-glow in tho drawing-room, too was glad with the gladness of ono who escapes from somo fanoied danger of ghosts or goblins. : Lostwithiel detained her nt the gato. " Good night," ho said, "goodnight. You will change your mind, won't you, Mrs. Dis ney ? It is not in one so gontle as you to bo iuiloxiblo about sueli a triflo. Say that you will honourour ball." She drew herself up a littlo, as if -in protest against his pertinacity. " I really cannot understand why you should caro whether I go or stay away," she said coldly. " Oh, but I do oare. It Ib oliildish porhaps on my part, but I do care ; I oare tremendously ; more than I have cared about- anything for a long time. It is so araall a thing on your part — it moans so much for mo ! Say you will he there." " Is that you, ma'am ?" asked Tabitha's pleasant voioe, while Tabitha's substantial snles made themselves audible upon tbo gravel path. " I was beginning to get fidgety about you." "Good night," said Isola shortly, as she passed through tho littlo gate. It swung behind her, and she vanished among tho laurels and arbutus. He heard her voico and Tabitha's as thoy walked towards tho house in friendly conversation, mistross and maid. Thoro was a groat over-blown Dijon roso nodding its hoavy head over the fence. Roses linger so lato in that soft western air. Lost withiel pluokod tho flower, and pulled off its petals ono by ouo as ho walked towards tho village streot. " Will sho go— will sho stay — go — stay — go — stay?" ho muttorcd us tho petals fluttered to to tho ground. "Go! Yes, of courso she will go," he said to himsolf as toe last leaf foil. " Doos it noed ghost from the grave, or roso from toe garden to toll me that? " TO DE CONTINUED NEXT MONDAY. 