Thn Kynbrnm FrEE Ptese. vox ropuLi vox Dei. Friday, June 9tii, 1893. Railway Manifest.—Parcels—Frond. Ellis. Stracbnn, Gotch, Lord. Goods—Connell, Holt, Kinsella, Sliortis, M'Clusky, Guerin, Unitt and Co., Paterson, Mellis, Barnett, Bourke, Hayes. Bank o£ Yictoria.— The reconstruction scheme of the Bank o£ Victoria is decidedly in favor o£ creditors. The old shareholders are to continue liable for all calls and are to pay up £G00,000 during the next five years, and also to he only allowed dividends not ex ceeding 5 per cent, for seven years—all pro mts to go to the reserve fund. The court has also insisted that £210,000 of preference shares are to be taken up before the bank can resume business, and judging foom the fact that upwards of £40,000 worth have already been applied for in Bendigo, Castlc mainc and Daylesford—one depositor in Castlemaine alone investing £7000—the day of reopening should be very shortly. As 3 branches have taken a fifth the other 57 ought easily to dispose of the balance. Mechanics’ Institute.—A committee meet ing was held on Monday evening last, when there were present:—Messrs II. S. Menzies ([‘resident), J. E. Edis jun., II. Uuitt, B. Goddard, L. J. Keegan, J. Tchan, T. Rich ards, and R. St. J. Mitchell (lion, sec.) It was resolved to hold an annual ball in con nection with the institute, and that the first be held on August 23rd ; also that two draught boards, the “ Advocate,” and maps of Yictoria and the Shires of Rodney and Ecliuca bo purchased for the library. It was decided to notify the Salvation Army that unless they curtailed tlicir meetings in the hall to the length of an ordinary religffius service (hour and a half) they would be charged on a higher scale. The Water Charges Question. — Fruit growers will learn with satisfaction that at the meeting of the Rodney Trust on Monday it was resolved to keep the charge for wafer the same as at present, viz., (id per inch. The amendment to increase it to Is was only de feate 1 by one vote, and this occurred through the absence of Com. Gray, who favored the increase, but left hurriedly to catch the evening train to Kyabrum. Query ? Which is to lie thanked—the train or Com. Gray. Debating Club.—From an advertisement in our columns it will be noticed that our energetic townsman, Mr B. Goddard, is mov ing in another matter of public importance, viz., the formation of a debating club in Ky abram. The advantages which such a society is likely to bestow upon old and young who desire to become public speakers, or merely to be ab e to express their views publicly, are well known, and it is to be hoped that Mr Goddard will be seconded in his efforts espe cially' by the young people, and that there will be a large attendance in the Mechanics’ Hall on Thursday evening next to support that gentleman’s proposal. Everybody is in Shire ot Do,akin,—The Minister, in answer to inquiries, lias notified that the first meet ing must be held within the Shire, and also that it would be illegal for the Council to meet outside the shire boundary until a bye law had lirst been passed permitting same. We learn that councillors favor Kyabram as the most convenient place of meeting, but tbe law prevents it for the present. Cr Scott has offered his grain shed at Tongala, free of charge, and it is probable that the offer will be accepted. The Act provides that a newly elected council shall meet not later than the third Wednesday after the day of election. The day of meeting has not yet been decided Hooks to Prove a Debt.—At the hearing of a case at the local police court last Friday an objection was raised by a defendant’s solici tor to the complainant not producing books at the hearing of the case. The P.M. warned those present that in all future cases the com plainants must produce their books. Other wise costs will follow such negligence. Wandering Cattle.—The inspector of nuis ances (Constable Keegan) is determined to bring to justice the owners of all wandering cattle in the streets or unfenced lands around the township. Complaints are constantly reaching his ears that cattle are turned loose during the night time. An Exciting Race.—On Saturday, as the 1.30 p.m. train left the Kyabram station, a stray horse got on to the track before the engine and continued between the rails until it reached the railway gales at Ratclifle’s cros sing, at which place the gatekeeper brought the train to a standstill with the red flag and the horse let out on to the road. At times the engine was within a few feet of the horse. Luckily it was not night time as in that case an accident would certain])' have happened. Two reports have been sent to the department, and it is probable that the owner will be prosecuted. Fined for Obscene Language.—Constable Keegan charged Joseph Harrison before Mr Unitt, J.P., with the above offence on Mon day last, aud a fine of 20s or 3 days imprison ment was indicted. Joe paid the fine aud left. Held Qvcr.—Report of Tongala East Tem perance Society, Current Notes by Nemo, and a letter on election matters signed Unus. The latter, however, cannot be published un til the name of the writer is furnished ns, not for publication but as a guarantee of good faith. Also report of Gilgila Rand of Hope Tongala Rand op Hope.—The Tongala Wesleyan Church was the scene of a very enjoyable entertainment on Friday, 2Gth ult., the chair being occupied by Mr W. Day in his usual popular manner. The audience having joined in one of Hoyle’s popular selec tions, followed by a short prayer, the pro gramme started in earnest. Mr Johnson led off with the graphic sketch “A Shadow on the blind,” followed by a choral selection, after which Martha Taylor recited ‘‘Buy your own: cherries,” in forcible style. A dialogue, by Fred and Sam Taylor, Griffiths and Dyer, entitled “ Effects of a night’s spree,” was very, interesting. Birdie Day’s musical contribu tion nas then received with evident appreci-; ation. Mrs Jones sang “The song that reached my heart” in a way that reached every heart present. Miss Belle Bolding gave: a thrilling account of “ How the boy was hung.” “Save my boy” was contributed by Mrs Day, who was deservedly applauded. A lecturette by Mr J. P. Heaslip on the “Physical and mental effects of alcohol” contained a large amount of practical and scientific information, A melodious choral production was followed by Mr W. J. Craig with a pathetic injunction to “ Beware of the belles." A song by Martha Taylor, and “Mt, Scobie reminiscences” by Mr Millington was followed by a song from Lottie Brown with choral accompaniment. The concluding dia logue, “A girl here,” was performed in a remarkably creditable manner by Misses Dyer (2) and Lottie Brown, receiving the heartiest applause of the evening. The choir brought the evening’s enjoyment to a close with the National Anthem.—(By “ Coffee Swiper.”) Kyabrnm Band of Hope,— The usual monthly entertainment was held iu the Mechanics’ Hall on Tuesday evening, May 30tli, when a splendid programme, consisting cf choruses, songs, recitations and dialogues, was given to an appreciative audience, which was not so large as usual owing to the heavy rains. The programme was started by the choir singing “ To the Work,” and Mr Taylor leading the devotional exercises, Mf Pad Icy, in the chairman’s address, spoke strongly of the benefit of the Band of Hope work, The choir followed with a chorus entitled “ Laugh aud grow fat,” The next item was a song by Miss Holt, and was well rendered, Mr MTlae’s rendering of “ Song of the Bur den-bearer” was very good, and was followed by the choir with “ Ye Gentlemen of Eng land.” A feature of the evening was a speech by Mr Hood, a new arrival in this district, who spoke in strong terms of the drink traffic in England. He kept his audience in roars of laughter by his lively anecdotes and illus trations from life. The collection was taken up and pledges were solicited at this stage of the meeting. Mr J, Bishop was very successful with his recitation, “ Pat and the whiskey,” “ All’s for the best” was well rendered by Mr 0, Pederick, The dialogue was very su'cces ful, the various parts being taken by Mr W. Pederick. Willie Pederick, Master C, Lancas ter and Mrs S, Lancaster, Rev Mr McQueen pronounced the benediction and closed a very pleasant meeting. Women’s Christian Temperance Onion,— The usual business meeting was held iu the Wesleyan Church, June litli, when a large number of sisters were present. Reports were received from the superintendents of the different departments of work, which were very encouraging. Tt was decided to hold a Cottage or Mother’s meeting alterna tely with the business meeting, so that more time could be given to the work. The next meeting (cottage) is to be held tit Mrs Santl. Lancaster’s, on June 20th, at 3 o’clock, The meeting closed by singing the temperance doxology— Praise God, from whom all blessings flow; Praise Him who heals the drunkard’s woe; Praise Him who leads the temperance host. Praise Eathcr, Son and Holy Ghost, —[Communicated,] 