THE SEC RET. ^CHAPTER Iv".-(Continued.) ."We returned into the study, where ' the peat-fire which seemed tobe an everlasting' institution, burnt, peace- fully on the hearth; and in a short à íóme my host's prophecy proved correct, '.and the tempest_began. - The' wind -came tearing madly down, the chimney -with incredible violence, and with a kind of shriek; the rain dashed in , sheets against the windows, and poured freely down the pipes and gutters ; the woodwork cracked and groaned as though, enduring physical agony ; the blasts shook the old house till it seemed to rock and quiver perceptibly on its foundations. - A loose slate fell with a loud rattle on the paved yard, and was immediately shivered into a thousand fragments. n "Lucky we weren't standing there, remarked Myles quietly. " In. storms like these some bits of the old roofs come rattling about; but the house is wonderfully well built for all that," "I hope Miss Donovan is nob oat of >doors," I said, a sudden anxiety seizing me. " I left her in the ruins." " Oh, Kathleen knows the signs of the weather. She's somewhere about in. the house, yon may be sure--in the kitchen, perhaps. I may as well tell -her you'll stay to-night* for Tm certain Tim will not come back now." ¿He went to the baize door that led to-the other part of the house and held %¿ open. A chilly blast of wind whistled down the passage, reverberat ing .under the vaulted roof with a dreary moan as he called "Kathleen. 1" There was no answer. "Kathleen! Kathleen 1" the echo .' reptated feebly. . Presently something stirred, a door banged, thé. noiseless tread of naked . feet approached, and Biddy stood <'before us wiping her hands, on her .dirty apron. , -" " Biddy, where's Misa Kathleen V . "Sure, your,honor, I haven't seen her since the morning. Maybe she's out in the garden." < * "Impossible, in this rain." Then Myles dropped the door, which swung too heavily. Biddy returned to her . . culinary avocations,. and, we stared -blankly at each other. ? A thought had struck us both at the same moment, «The lake!" Kathleen would never be so fool . hardy, surely.- Her father, of conne, did not know, as I did, that I had left her angry and unhappy. Who could tell what an undisciplined creature might do under the circumstances 1 1 cursed the hour I had decided to come ta Barravoe, and to thrust myself inte \- a train of events with which I had nc business. At any rate, it was certair thal I could not leave now, whatevei ? happened, till Kathleen returned to u¡ in. safety." "Shall we go and look?' I said seizing my hat. -Myles followed me in a kind e dumb stupor, and.we went out infron of the house and stood straining ou eyes on ' the swampy grass tba faced the lake. There was no sign o anything on the grey water, but tm enough the boat had been détache* from the moorings, and the littl ruinous boathouse was empty. Th \- driving rain half blinded me as '. ? -walked/down, to the - water's - edge t make quite; sure, and while I stoopei . to examine^ a" sudden^ gust seized; m; "hat and carried it into^theiake, wher . it danced on the waves for a momen mockingly, just out of my reach, til \- presently a breaker sucked it awaj I could hear Myles' voice, calling to m faint and hoarse in the roaring win« as I looked again searchingly, tryin to hope. On all the trembling foamy surfac of tiie lake there was no black spec' visible that by the wildest stretch c imagination I could construe into th form of a boat. When I reluctantl joined--Myles again, the wind ha played sad havoc with my hair, an clashed it damp and draggled into m eyes.' My clothes hung wet and lim about me. No doubtHooked sad an . dispirited. ... " She isn't there," said Myles, wh \- stood uncomfortably shivering, y< tolerably, composed. " She's no dont the.other side of the lake somewhen in shelter long ago. Kathleen know the lake too well to risk any dangei and we can't do'anything here. Ther is not another boat ; and if there wen it would be swamped directly in thi squalL We had better go in." * .Reluctantly I acquiesced. Ther was nothing to be done. Inaction wa . always painful to me, and that afte: noon seemed interminable. Bidd brought me . bread and cheese an porter, and Myles urged me to eat, br -the roar of the tempest rang in m ears, and. I saw in my mind's ey always those black and angry wave Myles smoked imperturbably. He di not seem much - disturbed; and yet knew he cared more for his daughtc . than-for any other creature on eartl 'I had noticed- his glance of pride a ?- ?her.brightr face .when she spoke an smiled, and Lfdt ?sureVtbat he love -her. His serenity- braced up myui \- sträng "nerves''a trifle, and I rate myself inwardly for my fears. Th slow and tedious hours dragged alonj twilight eame, the rain- ceased from il violence, the wind lulled, the slowdri -of the big drops falling from the eav< became more csfctinctly audible. Myl< and I relapsed into thoughtful sileno Presently a shadow ' crossed tb window, and in another instar Kathleen, in a sorry plight, stood o the threshold. "SafeI" I cried; and some of tl joyT felt-must have been manifest i my. face, for Kathleen locked at ni surprisei. "Wbere have you been, girll asked her father stolidly, withoii removing his pipe from his mouth. "How wet you are! You are wi through," I said, touching her sleev which felt like a soppy spong "Pray take care ; you will cati cold." "I am accustomed to rain," si said, with a light laugh. "I a not so precious as all that ; I shar ~ melt" I was glad she smiled. I hop« she had forgotten the vexation of tl 1 morning1. ; v: " But where ?were, you/Kathleen r asked her father querulously, "You* caused Mr. Barclay a fine unnecessary fear." "I thought you had gone," she said. "I waa caught in the storm on the lake, and I stayed till it was over at the farm opposite." . "I told you so, Mr. Barclay," said Myles, with a sheer; "girb always take very good care of themselves." " All the same, I wish you were not so wet,'' I said with concern. . Kathleen looked wonderfully pretty. The damp blue serge clung closely to her, and outlined her beautiful shoul- ders and the nascent curves of her bosom ; her fair fringe, uncurled and untidy, floated in picturesque masses round her brow ; her cheeks glowed with health and color beneath the large storm- battered hat, tied down by way of precaution with a crimson cotton hankerchief; and her pearly teeth gleamed with fun under the full lips, as she stood there half-pleased, half shame-faced, conscious of my eyes fixed on her, and the water dropping from her skirts and running in little streams along the faded carpet. " Go and change !" said her father sourly. " Go and change ; it's supper time." "I will not be a moment !" Kathleen 'cried escaping quickly. When she returned, clad in a sober black gown, and the damp hair ; smoothed sedately down, her manner had resumed its normal dignity. She was Miss Donovan again, the quiet daughter bf a ruined gentleman ; not | the mad-cap, irritating Kathleen of my fancy. She was charming, how- ever, in all her phases, variable as she was, and I rejoiced to think our good understanding had been restored. This evening Kathleen did not sing; she retired directly after the meal, and I was glad when Myles, professed himself ready for, bed. That little imp Tim had not returned, and my departure was thus neoessarfly^postponed. From my- bedroom window I looked into the blackness of the night; the rain had ceased, and the air was saturated with chilly moisture. "This time to-mor- row," I thought* "I shall be far away, and my visit to Barravoe will seem to me a dream. In a very little while I shall almost have forgotten Kathleen's face, and my features be as strange to her." I tried even now to recall the shape of her nose, the exact curve of her pliable mouth. Already it was impossible; the general effect, the sparkle, the coloring, the play of feature-those I remember, but the details escaped me. There stood a photograph of Kathleen on the chimney piece in her father's study, which I had often remarked, thinking it did not do her justice. The photographer was a Dublin man, and no doubt it was whon ona visit to the aunt she had told me of that she had sat for her' portrait. I was seized with a sudden desire to refresh my memory with a look afc that portrait I waa a bit of a draughtsman myself; possibly the idea may have arisen of making some kind of sketch from that photograph. At any rate, as everyone bad retired to rest, there could be no harm in stealing a look at the picture, in hold- ing it critically in my hands, and comparing it mentally with my recollections. I opened my door care- fully, and the sudden draught blew out my candle. I heard tbe sound as of dragging laggard feet coming towards me, and a slight chink like the rattling of metal. In an, instant ^Kathleen'a words recurred to my memory, "The house is haunted !" The fluttering of wings no doubt had extinguished my light, and now, groping in the dark- ness, I should stumble up against one of the unquiet ghosts ! My British Philistinism revolted at the idea ol fear. I felt my way back into my room, shutting my door quietly: though why such precautions in thc case of a ghost? I said to myseli mockingly afterwards. I found mj matches and relit my candle, deter mined to pursue the ghost, should I set one. Again I was in the passage, anc > this time without accident to th« light, which as a precaution I tool care to shield with m'y hand. 1 .listened a moment. True enougl 'there were steps,) stealthy gliding steps, coming towards;me; and tb chinking continued. I dismissed tb idea of ghosts in a moment from nr mind, and hesitated what to do Burglars I knew did not ply thei tr *de in Ireland ; yet people slinking about a house in the dead of nigh could scarcely be intent on a gow purpose. 1 held the light behind me and stood close to where a curve i the passage almost hid me from view I had forgotten my pistol, but ther was no time to go back. As the step came nearer, I distinctly recognise Myles Donovan in dressing-gown an slippers, thus accounting for the drag ging stealthy steps I had noticd ; an in his hand he held a large bunch c keys which rattled as he moved. So much for ghosts, I though laughing to myself, yet afraid of stin ing, lest he should find me in m ignominious position, crouched u against the angle of the wall. Hedi ;not see me, however. He walke slowly along, asr though wrapped i thought, and when he came near t me as he suddenly turned down narrow passage on my right, I crane my neck to notice: .his further mov< menta. I heard'him unlock the do< of a room, which by moving forward little I easily recognised, and I sa him enter. Some minutes elapse He did not return. My impatient was great; I could not go down to tl study and fetch the photograph whi he was moving about, and I wonder« what, business took him at such i hourinto a locked-uproom, evidently n his own sleeping apartment. I ve tured to approach. I could hear hi opening and shutting doors, lockii and unlocking chests or boxes. A curiosity was still more aroused, f Myles Donovan always seemed have nothing todo, to smoke away li time for lack of any better occupatio and to be the last man in the woi who would sit up all night to arran his household affairs. After* wt seemed to me an eternity the dc opened. I had only time to spri back again into my hiding-pla when Myles appeared, as dreamy a automatic as before. He wall moodily down the passage, dragging shoes and rattling his keys ;. his sb echoed faintly farther and fart! away in the distance; the light gt smaller till it became a mere luminous speck in the murky distance of the rambling old house ; then it- dis- appeared. I breathed more freely. What had he been doing ? 4 Why did he choose such a time of the night for bis business, whatever it might bei Was he in the habit of wanderiog thus about the, house, so that his daughter, faintly hearing inexplicable sounds, attributed them to ghosts ? I could not answer these questions for myself. I had forgotten my quest of the photograph, and now only curiosity to knovr more of Myles Donovan, whose whole existence puzzled and interested me strangely. I knew that the queer old fellow owned a tender spot in his heart : he had spoken to me of the lost Kathleen, and he had named his daughter after her. What kind of woman her mother had been I was en- tirely ignorant of; but as she had any died young, and left no traces of her in fience on her daughter's character, it waa but fair to suppose that she had also been a nonentity in her husband's life. Gould this room be connected in any way with her, or did it contain relics of his love which he only visitad at night! The boxes or drawers he unlocked might have held letters, mementoes which even his coarse degraded nature valued enough to hide them from human eyes, and to keep like some sacred shrine for rare and mysterious visits only. Impelled by the desire to know more, I cautiously crept towards the door whence he had just issued, and tried the lock. It was open. He had not relocked it then on going out; perhaps the valuable article he had gone in search of was now in his possession, and he had no further need of locks and keys. I pushed the door open, and holding my candle high, peered round. There was certainly nothing suspicious or strange about the place. It was an ordinary bedroom, shabbily furnished, with faded paper on the walls, and cracked plaster, dilapidated like the rest of the house. Under the small iron bed was a box, which looked as if it might nave contained papers, and in the empty grate amongst rubbish and ashes lay bits of torn and . half-burnt papers. Myles had evidently been destroying papers or letters. I stooped a little, some- thing blue lying among the papers had caught my eye. I picked it up-it was a blue cotton handkerchief like one I had seen Miles using-and when I touched it, I almost dropped it again, seized with irrepressible horror. It was saturated with blood ! Not a few drops here and there, as if someone had cut his finger and taken the handker- chief to staunch the wound, but saturated, stiff, clotted with blood. My first impulse was to fly, to leave this horrid mystery of blood and con- cealment and foul crimes, to depart from tho old ruinous house whose hoary walls serenly witnessed the doing of such deeds ; my second and calmer thought was to take, the hand- kerchief, and by that means seek to unravel the thread of the affair. With the bloody rag carefully stuffed into my pocket, I returned quietly to my room, and locked myself in. I needed to reflect, to put some order into my wild and agitated thoughts. (To be continued.) 