AUSTRALABIAN ITEMS. TIE following are particulars of diamond drill boring for coal in Vic toria during July :-Coal Creek Pro prietary Company, Korumburra, bore No. 5 down to G91ft 6in; went through Ift of coal at 350ft Gin, 2ft Sin at 3G56fQt, Gin at 432ft 4in, 8in at 436ft, Ift 9in at 438ft 5in, and O10in at 529ft 2in; still boring. Yarragon, bore No. 2 down 1126ft, lin in sand stone; still borinig; no coal since last report. Apollo Bay, bore No. 3 down 1477ft in sandstone; finished; no coal sinice last report. The imports of New Zealand for the June quarter were £1,555,586, against £1,413,087 last year. Auckland im ported £290,075 ; Wellington, £514,163; Christchurch, £287,175; Dunedin, £276,892. The exports last quarter were £2,220,138, against £2,210,051 for the corresponding quarter last year. Auckland exported £260;117; Wellington, £269,547; Ohristchurch, £528,124;. Dunedin, £357,622. Two Sisters of Mercy belonging to the Reefton Convent, New Zealand, while driving home, were precipitated over an embankment by the trap capsizing. One was killed on the spot and the other was seriously injured. The deceased-w;nas known as Sister .Mary Gertrude, and hhd only recently come from Maitland, New South Wales. A fatal explosion took place at the Woolwonga mine battery on Monday night, owing to the boiler bursting, resulting in the death of a Chinaman. The battery was completely wrecked. Mr. 1THarry Anstey, a pioneer gold prospector, has been appointed to the vacancy in the Legislative Counmcil of Western Australia. Tenders have been called for the construction of a telegraph lin'e from the Geraldton to the Murchison gold fields. The Victorian Inspector of Lunatic Asylums has completed his report for 1892\. It shows that on January 1, 1892, there were 3871 insane persons registered in the colony, and at the end of the year the number had in creased by 87. The total expenditure was £110,075, the actual cost of main tenanco of the insane asylums being £104,794. The weekly cost is calcu lated at 9s 1 1Ad per patient. The St. Kilda reclamation works, instituted by the South Australian Government for finding labour for the unemployed, are being pushed ahead rapidly. tAnother batch of 40 men were engaged on Friday, making the number employed at the works about 200. A large deputation, 'which included five Labour members of Parliament, waited on the Premier of South Aus tralia on Friday, and requested the Government to find work for a large iumber of unemployed. The Premier promised to extend the deep drainage system to Norwood and Kensington as soon as possible; but said that only married men would be employed at ,this work. ...__ A murderous outrage is reported to have been committed at Camperdown (Tasmania). A woman named Apple ton was found there with her throat cut, the windpipe being severed. She is still alive. Two men have been arrested on suspicion on a charge of attempted murder. An action was commenced in the Supreme Court of Victoria on Friday, by William MacMahon, theatrical manager, to recover £250 from Thomas P. Hudson, theatrical manager, for alleged breach of contract, in connec tion with the performances of Hud son's Surprise Party. The defendant denied that there had been any breach of contract, and made a counter claim for money due to him in respect of the profits of the performances. The plaintiff applied to have the defence struck out on the ground that the de nials contained in it were not suffici ently specific. Mr. Justice Williams granted the application, with liberty to defendant to amend the claims as advised. The population of New Zealand, on the 30th of June (exclusive of ]Maoris) was 660,542, being 351,040 males and 309,502 females. The Maori popula tion is estimated at 41,983, making a grand total of 702,535. The final step necessary to enable business to be at once resumed by the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank was taken in Victoria on Friday, when Mr. Isaacs applied to Mr. Jus tice A'Beckett, on behalf of the old bank, to permanently stay the wind ing-up proceedings. His Honor made the order as prayed. The official correspondence on the subject of the separation of Central from Southern Queensland has been tabled in that Assembly. It shows that Sir Samuel Griffiths, befor retir ing from the Government, forwarded a report to the Governor for trans mission to Lord Ripon, Secretary of State for the Colonies, opposing Cen tral separation on similar grounds t± which he opposed Northern separa tion. In the Northern Territory local aborigines have been feeling much concerned as to whether or not the blacks under sentence of death will be hanged in the gaol enclosure. They aver that if the hanging does take place within the precincts the ghosts of the strangled darkies will for over appear to all and sundry aboriginals who afterwards have to serve a time in durance, and the heart of the future offender is sorely troubled. The Chief Justice of Tasmania ruled on Friday that the salary of Captain Parker, commander of the batteries, who was engaged by the Agent General in England at a stated sum for five years, cannot be subjected to retrenchment'as that of a colonial Civil servant. On Wednesday a goldfield was de clared open on private property at Mount Pleasant (S.A.) unader the Mining on Private Property Act. About 250 men pegged out claims, and 100 holes were bottomed during the day,.but only the colour of gold was found in a few of them. The men are much disappointed, and it is feared they will cause trouble. The Government Statist of Victoria estimates that the population of Vic toria on the 30th June last was 1,170,319, being an increase during the quarter of 2491. According to the official return the population of Now South Wales on the 30th June was 1,211,630, or 41,311 in excess of the population of Victoria. The Premier of Victoria has ro ceived a letter from a meeting' of master tailors, to consider the preju dicial effect upon their trade of tilhe present high rate of duty imposed upon woollens in piece. The letter asks for an interview, when a request will be made that the rate of duty upon woollens in piece, viz., 40 per cent. advalorem be reduced to 20 per oent. BMr. Patterson has arranged to receive a deputation on rWednesday next. Mr. Lindsay, the explordr, will guarantee to find water, provided the Government of Western Australia will allow the right of selling the same on Southern Cross and Coolgardie. The Liquor Licenses Control Bill, which provides for a three-fifths ma jority vote of the electors, passed its second reading in the New Zealand House of Representatives on Friday night without division. An idea of the dangerous condition of the roads of the West Coast of the South Island. of New Zealand is afforded by the fact that the mail con tractor-whose conveyance, containing several passengers, was precipitated 150ft the other day, with serious results-has lost two coaches and four horses within the last six months by accidents. The force of the gale on July 25, as experienced on thle Hanmer Plains (N.Z.), may be gathered from the fact that the church recently erected there by the Rev. W. Campbell, of WVaiau, though very strongly constructed and bolted together according to the most modern style of bracing, was blown off its foundations and totally wrecked. The annual report of the Deputy Surveyor-General of Tasmania for the year ending June 30, has been pub lished. The number of selections sur veyed 'and mapped for the year was 379, comprising an area of 23,319 acres, being a decrease of 17,378 acres on the previous year. The number of auction surveys was 162, comprising 1805 acres, a decrease on the previous year as far as lots go. The reports of the district surveyors show that there are good Crown lands still available, but mostly in places far from roads. The Florentine Valley is mentioned as having 12,000 acres of first, and 6000 acres of second-class land. The re port deals with departmental details, and expresses regret that a representa tive of Tasmania did not' attend the conference of surveyors in Melbourne in October, 1892. With reference to the resurvey of Hobart the report says, "A resurvey has been made of the greater portion of the City of Hobart and suburbs by the Metropoli tan Drainage Board." An Oamaru (N.Z.) shearer, writing from Queensland, says:-" Here, in this shed, New Zealand.is well repre sented, about one-fourth of the shearers hailing from there; One has only to look down the board to see them. Their physique reveals them everywhere. Australian shearers as a class are not large men as a rule they are generally of the lean, wiry build, without that solid healthy look that bespeaks 'our island' everywhere." - .Thio"e ?anawatu (N.Z.) HTerald writes:-In the matter of freights the endrgetic chairman of the Flaxmillers' Association has succeeded in doing excellent worlk. The freight to Boston has been 65s a ton and primnge; now the association has had an offer at 42s 6c a ton! A saving of 20s a ton re presents a sum of £150 to '£200 a stripper, a matter of vital importance when prices are low, though of suffi cient magnitude to be at all times of interest. 