A STUDY IN SCARLET. By A. CONAN DOYLE, Author of "Micah Clarke," "The Sign of Four," "The Adventures of Sherlook Holmes," &o.; PART II. The Country of the Saints, Chafteb V.—f Continued.) I "I am JefferEon Hope, he said. "You re ! member me." The Mormon looted ab him with undisguised astonishment—indeed, it was difficult to recognise in this tattered, unkempt wanderer, with ghastly white face and fierce, wild eyes, the spruce young hunter of former days. Having, however, at last satisfied himself as to bis identity, the man's surprise changed to consternation. "You are mad to come here," he cried. "It is as much as my own life is worth to be seen talking with you. There is a warrant against you from the Holy Four for assisting the Furriers away." "I don'b fear them or their warrant," Hope said earnestly. "You must know some thing tof this matter, Cowper. I conjure you by everything you hold dear to answer a few questions. We have always been friends. For God's sake, don't refuse to answer me." " What is it?" the Mormon asked uneasily. "Be quick. The very rocks have ears and the trees eyes." " What has become of Lucy Ferrier ?" "She was married yesterday to young Drebber. Hold up, man, hold up; you have no life lefb in you." "Don't mind me," said Hope faintly. He was whit9 to the very lips and had sunk down on the stone against which he had been leaning. " Married, you say ?" "Married yesterday—that's what those flags are for on the Endowment House. There was some words between young Drebber and young StaDgerson as to which was to have her. They'd both been in the party that followed them, and Stangerson_ had shot her father, which seemed to give him the best claim; but when they argued it out in council Drebber's party was the stronger, so the Prophet gave her over to him. No one won't have her very long though, for I saw death in her face yesterday. She is more like a ghost than a woman. Are you off then ?" "Yes, I am off," said Jefferson Hope, who had risen from his seat. His face might have been ohiselled out of marble, so hard and set was its expression, while his eyes glowed with a baleful light. " Where are yon going 2" "Never mind," he answered, and slinging his weapon over his shoulder strode off down the gorge and so away into the heart of the mountains to the haunts of the wild beasts, Amongst them all there was none bo fierce and so dangerous as himself. The prediction of the Mormon was only too well fulfilled. Whether it was the terrible death of her father or the effects of the hateful marriage into which she had been forced, poor Lucy never held up her head again, but pined away and died within a month. Her sottish husband, who had married her principally for the sake of John Ferrier's property, did not affect any great grief at his bereave ment ; but his other wives mourned over her and sat up with her the nighb before the burial, as is the Mormon custom. They were grouped round the bier in the early hours of the morning when, to their inexpressible fear and astonishment, the door was flung open and a savage-looking, weather beaten man in tattered garments stroke into the room. Without a glance or a word to the cowering women he walked up to the white I silent figure which had once contained the pure S soul of Lucy Ferrier. Stooping over her he pressed his lips reverently to her cold forehead, and then, snatching up her hand, he took thewedding-ringfromherfinger. "Shu shall not be buried in that," he cried with a fierce snarl, and before an alarm could be raised Eprang down the stairs and was gone. So strange and so brief was the episode that the watchers might have found it hard to be lieve it themselves or persuade other people of it, had it not been for the undeniable fact that the circlet of gold which marked her as haying been a bride had disappeared. For some months Jefferson Hope lingered among the mountains leading a strange, wild life, and nursing in his heart the fierce desire for vengeance which possessed him. Tales were told in the city of the weird figure which was seen prowling about the suburbs and which haunted the lonely mountain gorges. Once a bullet whistled through Stan- . gerson window and flattened itself upon the wall within a foot of him. On another occasion,' as Drebber passed under a cliff a great bouldes crashed down on him and he only escaped a terrible death by throwing himself upon his facet The two young Mormons were not long in dis covering the reason uf these attempts upon theis lives and led repeated expeditions into ths mountains in the hope of capturiDg or killing their enemy, but always without success. Then they adopted the precaution of never going out alonejor afternightfall and of havingtheirhouses guarded. After a time they were able to re lax these measures, for nothing was either heard or seen of their opponent, and they hoped that time had killed his vindictiveness. Far from doing so, it had, if anj thing, aug mented it. The hunter's mind wasofahard, unyielding nature, and the predominant idea of revenge had taken such complete possession of it that there was no room for any other emotion. He was, however, above all things, practical. He soon realised that even ^his iron,., [constitution jcould not stand the incessanb strain which he was putting upon it. Exposure and want of wholesome food were wearing him out. If he died like a dog among the mountains, what was to become of his revenge then'! And yet such a death was sure to overtake mm it he persisted. He felt that that was to play his enemy's game, so he reluctantly returned tothe old Nevada mines, there to recruit his health and to amass money enough to allow him to pursue his object without privation. His intention had been to be absent ° year at the most, but a combination of ul/ . en oiroumstances prevented his leaving the e. aea for nearly live. At the end of that tim6, how ever, his memory of his wrongs and hii oraving for revenge were quite as keen as on that memorable night when he had stood bj John Ferrier's grave. Disguised and undei an assumed name he returned to Salt Lake City, oareless what beoame of his own life a3 long as he obtained what he knew to be justice. There he found evil tiding await ing him. There had been a schism among the Chosen People a few months before, some of the younger members of the church having rebelled against the au thority of the elders, and the result had been the secession of a certain number of the mal contents, who had left Utah and become Gentiles. Among these had been Drebber and Stangerson, and no one knew whether they had gone. Rumor reported that Drebber had managed to convert a large part of his property into money and [that he had departed a wealthy man, while _ his companion, Stangerson, was comparatively poor. There was no clue at all, however, as to their where abouts. Many a man, however vindictive, would have abandoned all hope of revenge in the face of such a difficulty, but Jefferson Hope never faltered for a moment. With the small com petence he ipossea, .eked out be such employ ment as he could pick up, he travelled from town to town through the United States in quest of his enemies. Year passed into year, his blaok hair turned grizzled, but still he wandered on, a human bloodhound, with his mind wholly set upon the one object to which he had devoted his life. At last his perse veranoa was rewarded. It was but a glanoe of a face in a window, but that_ one glance told him that Cleveland, in Ohio, possessed the men whom he was in pursuit of. He returned to his miserable lodging with his plan ol vengeance all arranged. It chanced, however, that ;Drebber, looking from his window, had recognised the vagrant in the street and had read murder in his eyes. He hurried before a justice of the peace, accom panied by Stangerson, who had become hir private secretary, and represented to him tha: they were in danger of their lives from tht jealousy and hatred oE an old rival. That even ing Jefferson Hope was taken into oustody and Dot being able to find sureties was detained for some weeks. When at last he was liberated it was only to find that Drebber's house was deserted and that he and this seoretary had de« parted for Europe. Again the avenger had been foiled and again his concentrated hatred urged him to continue the pursuit. Funds were wanting, however, and for some time he had to return to work, saving every dollar for his approaching journey. At last, having colleoted enough to keep life in him, he departed for Europe and tracked his enemies from city to city, working his way in any menial capacity, but never overtaking the fugitives. When he reached St. Petersburg, they had departed for Paris; and when he followed them there he learned that they had just set off for Copenhagen. At the Danish capital he was again a few days late, for they had journeyed on to London, where he at last succeeded in running them to earth. As to what occurred there we oannot do hotter than quote the old hunter's own account, as duly recorded in Dr. Watson's journal, to which we are already under suoh obligations. f To he continued. I A special meeting of the Operative Journey men Bakers' Sooiety will be held at the Sel borne Hotel this evening. A fete in aid of the Industrial School for the Blind will be held on the Prince Alfred College Ground this afternoon. 