MR. STEAD'S JOURNALISM BY GHOSTS. fall mall gazette. Aro tho newspapers of tho futuro to bo written by spirits? Mr. "\V. T. Stead, editor ol the Review of Reviews, has muoh of his copy thus contributed, and If Mr. Stoad, why nob other editors? It is to be hopod that tho Instiluto of Journalists may take cognis ance of this blnclcloggiug by spirits, ami dual severe measures upon tho ghosts who cut pro fessional ratoa. Bub tho institute does not ineet just yet, and in tho mean time a Pall Mall Jiudgct reporter has oatlcd upon Messrs. Mnskclyno to gAtlior their views upon this latest journalistic dovclopmont. Messrs. Mnskolyno have always provod themselves tho most uncompromising foes of spiritualism in its every guise, and their attitude towards Mr. Stead's latest innovation lu that dircotion promised to bo worth learning. Mr. Novil Mnskolyno happened to bo in. "What do you think of tho" new mystory man?" our representative asked. "You are referring to Mr. Stead, I presume?" "Yes." "Well, I am not suro thnt his ex periences may not be accounted for by telopathy, if thero bo such n thing." " Oh, hut Mr. Stead claims to havo ox- periuncod something much moro wonderful than tulcpathy, becausa hoiuo of his communications como frcm the people who are dead." "Well, of course, the wholo thing could bo put to nu easy test, nnd Mr. Htead could demonstrate it to tho world himsolf beyond all question, if it he demonstrable. Ho .oould do astounding things. In a criminal case, for instance, ho could get the munleror'ri brain to telegraph to his brain, and thus get transcribed on pnpor tho wholo dobAils of a crime, ami the means by whioh such details could bo verified and provod. Mr. Stead's instances, so tar as 1 have seen them quoted, aro givon with great ciroumstuntinlity, certainly ; but, when you coino to think of it, no man writes witli explioit oonsoiousness of all that he io going to say be foro ho gels to the und of tho pnpor. Cniry this view of tho mattor a littlo furthor, and you have no need to invoko spiritualistic agencies to explain tho matter." "That is all very woll, but thai oannot account for communications and the supply of mercantile information from the dead, as in the c»ro Mr. Stoad locutions in whioh 4 Julia ' saves him paying a train faro to l'reston. I was in hopes you would he anxious to test Mr. Stead's experiences?" — " Well, you oaunot conoeivo tho ditiioultiea about arranging a satisfactory tost. Wc havo already ondeavorod to arrange ono test with Mr. Stead — not in roference to these spirit writings, but in respect of another matter in which he seems to thoroughly believe, and whioh wo as thoroughly disbelieve. I mean tho materialising of spirits. We met him by appointment at tbo Savoy Hotel, and this wasour olmllonge. We said that, in the neighborhood of a safe deposit or a strong room, a spirit form wan to be produoed, conducted into the strong room, and locked up there. Whon the strong room was opened ngnin, tbe spirit was to have vnuUhed if wo were to admit the existence of suoh n thing as spirit materialisation. Certainly, if that oould have been done, wc would bavo been ready to admit that there was moro than human agenoy in it. Woll, Mr. Stead said ho Would try and find a 4 materialising modium,' so that our tost might bo applied. That was o year ago, and ho iraB not taken up the ohallengo yet. What would be tho good of proposing n fresh test iu tho mattor of so-called spirit writing?" 44 Was that the whole of your former confer ence with Mr. Stead?" — 44 Not quite. I under took to bo ready to photograph any Bpirit they could produce at a stance. If I oould got any negative on my plate from anjr form whioh was not human I undertook to acknowledge thero was something in spiritualism. But I havo nevor been ablo to got a 4 spirit ' photograph. The believers can do it. Many sincere people have obtained 4 spirit ' photographs without any previous arrangement of plates and bo on. But we never can depend on what beliovers may do. ( A man will do aii kinds of things to suppoit his belief, and will considor bo is acting rightly in so doing. Whilo studying photo graphy I ltnvo found curious effects while de veloping negatives. But my knowledge has always been sufficient to trace them to natural sources. Perhaps others havo como aoross tho same offcots, and, in tbe absence of renl know- lodge, have only been nblo to account for thorn by dubbing them spirit photographs." Air. J N. Maskelyne, tho older, hero enmo in, and joined in the interview, " Wc nro tired of exposing spiritualism," he said. " No good can como of any controversy on the subject. It is a wasto of timo to arrango tests. It booms spiritualism and advertises tho humbugs. Whenevor you submit a test which would absolutely provo finally tho genuineness or tho roverso of tho manifestation, the test is always burked. I havo iuvented dozens of tests, from the timo when Slade was making his £40 a day by seances in the West End draw ing rooms up to tho present, nnd always with tho same result. In telepathy I may say I am rathor interested On Sunday night I am going to experiment with it. I shall sit in my room nt Patterson and a friend will sit in his at Phunstead and endeavor to telegraph his thoughts to my brain. I am only too pleased to investigate it. If the existence of telepathy could be demonstrated, it would account for all the ghosts which have over been seen, ami by purely natural means." Nit. ktuad's rejoinder. A proof of tho foregoing interview was sub mitted to Mr. Stead. He read it through, nnd as he read remarked, 44 1 havo always told Mr. , Maskelyne that I have never myself scona spirit matorinlised, and shall not bo satisfied with seoing ono until I have satisfied an expert liko Mr. Maskelyne that thore is no hociiH-poous ; and untill have convinced Mr. Maskelyne, junior, that it can be photographed. I think h« recog nises my position as strictly scientific townrds it nil. 2 am very anxious to get a case which will satisfy Messrs. Maskelyne. " "They tell mo you have boon soarching for ovor a yoar for a materialising medium who can submit to the tests they propose?" — "Well, materialising modiums are not as plentiful as blackbcrricH in season. Some nro gouuino enough on certain occasions, but bavo onco boon tainted with fraud, and I will not havo anything to do with suoh, I had ono in my mind's eyo when I promised Mossrs. Mnskclyno to go through the experiment they proposed, but sho went to Australia shortly afterwards. But I believe we ahall oonvinoe tho Messrs. Maskelyno in the end. Certainly the stronger test tho more satisfactory the success will be. I always nlav doublo or auits." ''Did you yoursolf attribute your curious oxpericnces to tho supernatural?" — 44 1 say I waut a working hypothesis to account for phenomena whioh have occurred to mo. Tbo only hypothesis that I can find to fit tho facts — a hypothesis I am perfectly willing to abandon if you can bring forward another whioh is moro tenable — is that the communications which have reached me from the other sido emanate from tho disembodied intelligence of friends of mine." "Which in tho vulgar tonguo means spirit messages ? " — 41 Yes." "Now, with regard to 4 Julia,' nro all h8r communications to you of a mercantile character liko that concerning tho printing m&chiue;?" " Oh, dear, no ; that's nothing. IS lie has given mo wonderful descriptions of lifo on the other side, of her experiences in tho first place when sho found herself free from her body, and when slio readied the place where aha met ' friends who had passed on before.' I havo reproduced parts of it in my Christmas number, and I bavo had many letters from bishops and other emi nent religious leaders recoguisiug its great spiritual beauty." "But surely that chapter in your Christmas number is Action ?" " No, it is fact — that is to say, that it was written automatically by my baud, I being unaware of what my pen was writing, and knowing nothing of tho circum stances accurately referred to by the intelligence which guided tho pen. I am prepared to vouch absolutely for the truth of the following state ments, that I was quite unawaro of what my hand was about to write wheu I took lip my pen, that tho communications began and are con- tinued to this hour, that the intelligence which controls my hand always alleges that it is tho spirit of 4 Julia,' aud that 4 Julia' frequently refers to inoidents, plaoes and so on of which I have no knowledge. I nm quite willing to sub mit all the evidence in iny possession to the Psychical Research Society." " Tell me who Julia was in the flesh ?"— 41 Sho was an American journalist of exceptional intelligence and high ohnraotcr. She was u great friend of Miss Willard'u, among others. My acquaintance with her was slight, nnd I first came into contact with her spirit intelligence through noting on tbe spur of a sudden request as the medium of communication between her and a very dear friend of hors, with whom hLig had promised to communicate after death. I havo got to regard it in this way — that tho body of a person is a sort of top coat. He or nho lives on after leaving olf the top coat, and can communicate with friends ns easily as when tho top coat of tho body was being worn." "What do you say to Mr. Maskelyno's sug gestion that your gift ought to enable you to reveal tho secrets of the murderer's mind ?" — "I think there are possibilities in relation to this which nro absolutely incredible. Although this is not the case of a murder, of course, I have known a friend whoso worse and physical self wished to conceal from mo facts which his better self wished to reveal. His better self, influencing my own hand, has written with my pen the truo facts which his worsor self hnd denied absolutely. Whon I simply confronted him with the written statement given to mo by liis better self, through my bund, he owned up to the truth oi every detail. Thnt comes very near your criininnl cases, although I don't say a criminal would do it, because ho might not have a better self or he might not wish to communi- cato the facts. You can say that I have glanced through the interview with Messrs. Maskelyne, and that I take no objection to it except that I know nothing personally as yet iu tho materiali sation of spirits. I am au interested, and, I hope aclentifio inquirer." 