THE Jii, WELLED SKULL A ROMANCE FROM A DETECTIVE'S CASE BOOK. iKUnil-iX engagea one morning in my JW office in trying to solve soiuc Knotty problems that called for my earnest atten tion, I was suddenly disturbed by a knock at the door, and, in answer to my " Come in !" one of my assistants entered, although I had given st-rict orders that I was not to be disturbed for two hours. " Excuse me, sir," said my man, " but a gentleman wishes to see you, and will take no denial." " I thought I told you not to disturb me under any circumstances," I replied some what tartly. " Yes, so you did. But tbe gentleman insists upon seeing you. He says hie busi ness is most urgent." ii nu is lie : " Here is his card, sir." 1 glanced at tbe card tbe assistant handed lo me. It bore the name — Colonel Maurice Odell, The Star and Garter Club. Colonel Maurice Odell was an utter stranger to me. I never heard his name before; but I knew that the Star and Garter Club was a club of the highest rank, and that its members were men of position and eminence. I therefore considered it probable that the Colonel's business was likely, as he said, to be urgent, and I told my assistant to show him in. A few minutes later the door opened, and there entered a tall, thin, wiry-looking man, with an unmistakable military bearing. " Pardon me for intruding upon you, Mr. Donovan," he said, bowing stiffly and form ally, " but I wish to consult you about a very important matter, and, as I leave for Egypt to-morrow, I have very little time at my disposal." " I am at your service, Colonel," I replied, asl pointed to a seat. " I will be as brief as possible," he began, as he placed his highly polished bat and his umbrella on the the table. " I am a military man, and have spent much of my time in India, but two years ago I returned home, and took np my residence at the Manor, Esher. Twice since I went to live there the place has been robbed in a somewhat mysterious manner. The first occasion was a little over a year ago, when a number of antique silver cups were stolen. The Scot land Yard authorities endeavoured to trace the thieves, but failed." " I think I remember hearing something about that robbery," I remarked, as I tried to recall the details. " But iu what way was it a mysterious one? " " Because it was -impossible to determine bow the thieves gained access to the house. The place had not been broken into." " How about your servants " I asked. " Oh, I haven t a servant who isn't honesty itself." " Pray proceed. What about the second robbery ? " "That is what I have come to you about. It is a very serious business indeed, and has been carried out in the mysterious way that characterised the first one." "You mean it is serions as regards the value of the property Btolen ? " "In one sense, yes; but it is some thing more than that. During my stay in India I rendered very considerable sga vice indeed 10 voe xvelj&d; oi iu.ooiu»u) man of great wealth. Before I left India he presented me with a souvenir of a very extraordinary character. It was nothing more nor less than the skull of one of his ancestors." " Excuse me, Colonel, but you can hardly expect me to devote my energies to tracing this somewhat gruesome souvenir of yours, which probably the thief will hasten to bury as speedily as possible, unless he happens to be of a very morbid turn of mind." " You are a little premature," said the Colonel, with a suspicion of sternness. " That skull has been valued at upwards of £12,000. "Twelve thousand pounds !" I echoed, as my interest in my visitor deepened. Yes, sir ; twelve thousand pounds. It is fashioned into a drinking goblet, bound with solid" gold bands, and encrusted with precious stones. In the bottom of the goblet, inside, is a diamond of the purest water, and which alone is said to be worth two thousand pounds. My friend the Rajah told me that if ever I parted with it, or it was stolen, ill fortune would ever after wards pursue me." " But you say you leave for Egypt to morrow V' " Yes. And shall probably be absent six months." " Then I had better travel down to Esher at once." I retired to my sanctum and reap peared in a few minutes in the cha racter of a venerable parson. As it was important that none of tbe house hold should know that I was a detective, I begged that he would introduce me as the Rev. John Marshall, and then we took the train down to Esher. I_ found that besides the goblet some antique rings and a few pieces of gold and silver had been carried off. The lost skull had been kept under a glass shade in what the Colonel called his "Treasure Chamber " It was a small room lighted by an oriel : window. The walls were -wainscoted half way np, and the upper part was bung with tapestry. The Colonel assured me that the door of this room was always kept locked, and the key was never out of his possession. The lower part of the chimney of theold-fashioned fireplace I noticed was protected by iron bars let into the masonry, so that the thief, 1 was sure, did not come down the chimney ; nor did he come in at the window, for it only opened at each side, and the apertures were so small that a child could not have squeezed through. Nevertheless the thief had suc ceeded in getting into the room. How did he manage it ? That was the problem I had to solve, and that done I felt that I should be able to get a clue to the robber. I found the Colonel's family consisted of his wife— an Anglo-Indian lady — three charming daughters, his eldest son, Ronald Odell, a young man about 24, and a younger son, a youth of 12. The famify were waited upon at table by two parlour-maids, tbe butler, and a page-boy. The butler was an elderly, sedate, gentlemanly-looking man ; the boy had an open, frank face, and the same remark applied to the two girls. As I studied them I saw nothing calculated to raise my suspicions in any way. Indeed, I felt instinctively that I could safely pledge myself for their honesty. Ronald Odell was a most extraordinary - : looking young fellow. He had been born and brought up in India, and seemed to suffer from an unconquerable lassitude that gave him a lifeless, insipid appearance. He was very dark, with dreamy, languid eyes, and an expressionless face of a peculiar i BllllmWlOOC ITa «Ma Aall a»1 Wri 4- ll hands that were most noticeable, owing to the length, flexibility, and thinness of the fingers. He sat in the chair with his body huddled up as it were ; his long legs stretched straight out before him ; his pointed chin resting on his chest, while he seemed to smoke his cigar as if unconscious of what he was doing. Having passed the household in review > without result, I requested that I might be allowed to spend a short time alone in the . room from ivhence the skull had been stolen. The floor was polished and immov able, but a part of the wainscoting gave ' back a hollow sound to my raps, and I was of opinion that the room had been entered . by a secret door. Although convinced that i the panel ivhich gave back the hollow sound . was a door, I could detect no means of open- ing it. On rejoining the Colonel, I asked to be allowed carte blanche in the matter, and this ; he granted. i I told him that many things necessarily seemed extraordinary when the reasons for ' them were not understood, and Avitfa t hat (remark 1 took my departure, having pro- tnised the Colonel to do evt-r I ! "rtal uian could iv to recover the lost sLi.u, ' Three day- later l went, down to thc Manor disguised as a working plumber, and was admitted without any difficulty. As a =ervant was showing me upstairs to the top ...iding, Avhere a trap-door in the ceiling gave access to the leads, I passed Ronald Odell on the stairs. He was attired in a long dressing-gown, had Turkish slippers on his eet, a fez on his head, and a cigar in his mouth, from which he was puffing great volumes of smoke. His face Avas almost ghastly iu its pallor, and his eyes had the same dreamy look Avhich I had noticed on my first visit. His hands were thrust, deep in his pockets, and his movements and manner were snggestive of a person Aval king in his sleep, rather tliau a waking conscious man. This suggestion was heightened by the fact that before I could avoid him lie ran full butt againstnie. That, however, seemed to partially arouse him from the lethargic condition, and turning round, Avith a fierceness of expression that I scarcely deemed him P'.ltinLlo nf Via cvnluinioil " You stupid fool, why dou't you look where you are going to ? " I muttered out an apology, and lie strode doAvti the stairs groAvling Lo himself. My object in going on to the roof was to see if there was any communication between there and the " Treasure Chamber." I noticed a trap door between two chimney stalks, but found it fastened. So after a time I went back and inquired of the servant where the communication with the other trap door Avas. She conducted me to the lumber room, which she assured me Avas haunted, and there left me" at the door, saying, " There you are, but I aint a-going in." The room was in total darkness, but having procured a candle I commenced to explore. It Avas filled Avith a miscellaneous collection of lumber. A flight of steps led to the trap door I had noticed on the roof, but I found they had not been trodden on for a very long time. The walls of the room were wainscoted. Going down on my knees I examined the floor with a magnifying glass, and detected footmarks made by slippered feet that led to one particular corner of the room. This was A'ery suggestive, and on rapping the wainscot in that part- found it was hollow. Unconsciously I touched a spring in tbe woodwork, and the door swung open. By the light of the candle I discerned the head of a flight of steps built in the thickness of the walk I saw unmistakable traces of the slippered feet on the steps as I descended. I reached the bottom, and found further Crogress barred by a door that Avas without andle or lock ; but, after some time, I dis- covered a .mall Avoodeu knob sunk in the woodwork at the side, and, pressing this, the door, with almost absolute noiselessness, slid back, and lo ! the " Treasure Chamber " was revealed. In the face of this di -co very, I no longer entertained a doubt that tbe thief had entered the room by means of this secret passage. And there was no one in the whole household upon whom my suspicions fixed with the exception of Ronald OdelL If my assumption that he was the thief Avas correct, the mystery Avas so far explained ; and my next step was to discover why he had robbed - his father, and AA'hat he had done with the property. He was so strange and peculiar that somehow I could not imagine that he had stolen the things merely for tbe sake of vulgar gain, my impression being that in carrying off the jewelled skull he was actuated by some extraordinary motive, quite apart from the mere question of theft, and this determined me to shadow him for a time iu the hope thatff should Succeed in soon obtaining dis tinct evidence that my theory was correct. Before leaving the house, I sought an interview with Mrs. Odell, who was anxious to know what the result was of my investi gation : but I considered it advisable, in the then state of matters, to Avithhold from her the discovery I had made. But, as her curiosity to learn what I had been doing on the roof was very great, I informed her that my theory was at first that there was some connection between the roof and the " Treasure Chamber " ; but, though I had not proved that to be correct, I nevertheless was of opinion that the purloiner of the articles resided in the house. Whereupon she very naturally asked me if I suspected any - particular person. I answered her candidly that 1 did ; but that, in the absence of anything like proof, I should not be justified in naming anyone. I assured her, however, that I would use the most strenuous efforts to obtain the proof I wanted. Before leaving lier, I remarked in a casual sort of Avay — "I suppose Mr. Ronald is at tbe head of affairs during his father's absence ?" " Well," she began, with evident reluct ance to say anything against her son, " Ronald is of a A'ery peculiar disposition. He seems to live quite within himself, as it were, and takes uo interest iu anything. As a matter of fact, I see very little of him, for he usually spends his evenings from home, and does not return until late. The greater part of the day he keeps to his rooms. I am sure I am quite concerned about him at times." It fell to my lot to solve this mystery a week later. I shadowed him to a bouse situated in a ad de sac in the very heart of the city of London. I ascertained the house was in the occupation of a club consisting of Anglo Indians. The uremises were in charge of a Hindoo and his Avife, and the members of the club met on an aA'erage five nights a week. All this was so much more mystery, but it Avas precisely in accord with the theory I had been working out in my own mind. ' The next afternoon I Avent to the house, and the door was opened to my knock by the Hindoo woman, who was a mild-eyed, sad-looking little creature ; I asked her if she could give ine some particulars of the club that was held there, and she iuformed me that it was known as " The Indian Dreamers' Club." But beyond that scrap of information she did not seem disposed to go. " You bad better come Avheti my husband is here," she said, thereby giving me to understand that her husband was absent. But as I deemed it probable that she might proA-e more susceptible to my persuasive influences than ber husband, I asked her if she would allow me to see over tbe premises. She dec-lined to do this until I displayed before her greedy eyes certain gold coins of the realm, Avhich proved too much for her cupidity, and she consented to let me go inside. The entrance - hall was carpeted Avith a thick, massi\\-e carpet, and the walls were hung Avith black A-etiet. A strange, sickening odour pervaded the air. I passed through a curtained doorway into an exten sive apartment that ran the Avhole depth of the bnilding. Daylight being excluded, the light was obtained from a large lamp of blood-coloured glass, and Avhich depended from the centre of the ceiling. There was also a niche at each end of the room, Avhere a lamp of the old Roman pattern burnt. The walls of the room were hung Avith purple veil co cuiutuif, ana me ceiling Avas also draped with the same material, Avhile the floor was coi-ered with a rich Indian carpet into Avhich the feet sank. In the centre of the room Avas a table covered Avith velvet, and round the room were most luxurious couches. The same sickly odour pervaded this remarkable chamber, which Avas like a tomb in its silence. On the velvet on one side of the room was inscribed in letters of gold this sentence : " Te Dream is to Live ! Dream on, fob to Awaken is to Die ! While still engaged in examining the room a bell rang, and instantly the Hindoo Avoman became greatly excited, lor she said it was her husband, and that he would be so angry if he found mo that she AA-ould not be responsible for the consequences. She therefore thrust me into a recess. Nothing could have happened better, for I was resolved to remain in my place of concealmeut till I bad solved the mystery of the club. The Indian woman had told me the mem bers of the club met at seven o'clock. As the hour drew near the door opened and tbe husband of the woman came in. He was a tall, powerful, tierce-looking man, wearing a turban aud dressed iu Indian costuwfe He placed three or lour small lighted lamps <»' the table, also a number of quaint Indian! drinking cup?, which I recognised from the lescription of those that had been stolen from tbe Manor a year or so previously, together with twelve magnificent hookahs. These preporations eonapleted, he retired, and a quarter -of-an-hour later he returned and wound up a large musical box which 1 had not noticed , owing to its being concealed behind a curtain. The box began to play muffled and plaintive music. A few minutes later, and the Indian once more appeared. This time he Avore a sort of dressing-gown of some rich material braided with gold. He walked backwards, and following him_ in single file Avere tAvelve men, the first being Ronald Odell. Five of them were men of colour ; three of the others were half-castes, the rest were whites. But they all had the languid, dreamy appearance which character ised Odell, who, as I was to subsequently learn, was their leader and president. Thav ranirpH l.hnmo>liri>s round the table silently as ghosts ; aud, without a word, Ronald Odell handed a key to the Indian, who proceeded to unlock a chest, and took therefrom the skull goblet which had been carried off from Colonel Odell's V Treasure Chamber " by — could there any longer be a doubt ? — his own son. The skull, Avhich was provided Avith tAvo gold handles, and rested on gold claws, was placed on the table before tbe president, who poured into it the con tents of tAvo small bottles Avhich were gi\ren to him by the attendant, who took them from the chest. He then stirred the decoc tion up with a long-handled silver spoon of very rich design and workmanship, and which 1 recognised, from the description that had been given to me, as one that had been taken from tbe Colonel's collection. As this strange mixture was stirred, the sicken ing, overpowering odour that I had noticed on first entering tbe place became so strong as to almost overcome me, and I felt as if I should suffocate. But I struggled against the feeling as well as I could. Tbe presi dent next poured a small portion of tbe liquor into each of the twelve cups that had been provided, and as he raised his own to his lips he said — " Brother dreamers, success to our club ! May your dreams be sAveet and long !" Tbe others bowed, but made no response, and each man drained the draught, .which I guessed to be some potent herbal decoction for producing sleep. Then each man rose and went to a couch, ' and the attendant handed him a hookah, applied a light to tbe bowl, and from tbe smell that arose it was evident the pipes were charged with opium. As these drugged opium smokers leaned back on the luxurious couches, the concealed i musical-box continued to play its plaintive melodies. A drowsy languor pervaded tbe ; room, and affected me to such extent that I i felt as if I must be dreaming, and that the remarkable scene before my eyes was a i dream vision that would speedily fade away. One by one the pipes fell from the i nerveless grasp of the smokers, and were removed by the attendant. And Avhen the ; last man had sunk iuto insensibility, the ; Indian filled a small cup with some of the . liquor from the skull goblet, and drained it . , off. Then he charged a pipe with opium, aud, coiling himself up on an Ottoman, he began to smoke, until he,, like the others, i yielded to the soporific influences of the drug and the opium and went to sleep. . My hour of triumph had come. I stepped . from my place of concealment, feeling faint and strange, and all but OA'ercome by au irresistible desire to sleep. I managed to stagger to tbe table, seize the goblet and the spoon, and make my Avay to the door. As I gained the passage the, Hindoo woman confronted me, for she was about to enter the room. | " What is the meaning of this?" she, cried, as she endeavoured to bar my. passage. I " Stand back !" I said, sternly. " I am a detective-officer. These things have been stolen, and I am about to restore them to their rightful owner." She manifested supreme distress, but recognised her powerlessness. Getting to the thoroughfare I hailed a cab, and drove home Avith my prize, and the following morning I telegraphed to Egypt to an address the Colonel had given me, 'inform- ing him that I had recovered the goblet. The same day I went down to the Manor at Esher, and had an interview Avith Mrs. Odell. I felt, in the interest of her son, that it Avas my duty to tell her all I had learnt the previous night. She was terribly- distressed,. but stated that she had suspected for some time that her son Avas given to opium smoking, though she had no idea he carried the habit to such «i remarkable extreme. She requested me to retain pos session of the goblet and the spoon until her husband's return, and, in the meantime, she promised to take her Aveak and misguided son to task, and to have tbe secret passage in the Avail effectually stopped up. I should mention that I had managed to save s. suiall quantity of the liquor that was in the goblet when I removed it from the club table; and I sent this to a celebrated analytical chemist for analysis, who pro nounced it to be a \rery powerful and peculiar narcotic, made from a combination of Indiau herbs Avith which he was uot familiar. The denouement has yet- to be recorded. A few days later Ronald Odell, after drug- mnn> LtmeAlf as liailill W3fi fniinrl Hpfld AT) one of the couches at the club. This neces sitated an inquest, and the verdict was that he had died from a narcotic, but whether taken Avith the intention of destroying life or merely to produce sleep there was no evidence to show. Although I had no eri- dence to offer, I avbs firmly convinced in my own mind that the poor weak fellow had committed snicide, from a sense of shame at tbe discovery I had made. Of course, after this tragic affair, and the exposure it entailed, the ludian Dreamers' Club was broken up, and all its luxurious appointments Avere sold by auction and the members dispersed. One of the rules was that the members of tbe club should never exceed twelve in number. In the course of six months Colonel Odell returned from Egypt and, though much cut up by the death of his sou, was exceedingly gratified at the ' recovery of the goblet which the misguided youth had no doubt purloined under the impression that it was useless in his father's treasure -room, but would adorn the table of the Dreamers' Club, of which he Avas presi dent. The motto of the club was singularly . appropriate in his case : " Dieam on, for to awaken is to die." He had awakened from Lie ilivam -and naEidd into a State whem dreams perplex not. — Abridged from the Strand Magazine. 