LADIES' COLUMN. Under this head wc will be picpnrtd to recsive anil answer, as fur as possible, ?uy in quiries which our subscribers may be pleased to sen 1 in, addressed under cover, to " Madgo," ADYEttTi.sKr. Office.! WOMEN'S SENSE OF HUMOR. I think it is an undeniable fact that women do not possess so strong a sense of humor as men do. No doubt women aro quick, very quick in many ways; thus while a man may bereasoninijout some matter orotlier, women, scorning such slow procedure, gives free rein to her instinct (a clear sign of an inferior in tellect) and overleaping all premises lands at onco on a conclusion. To her credit be it said, however, that her quick instinctive con clusion is very often as correct as man's more slnwlv. thmiolifc.nnt. nnn It is, therefore, all the more surprising that her innate quickness should fail woman when it comes to tho perception of a joke. 1 re member once hinting to a lady that the fair sex were a little obtuse in this way. Of course she scouted the idea, and scornfully said that if erer they allowed obtuseness it would be simply because the so-called joke was very thin—only the ghost of a joke in fact. But as I pointed out, this ought not only to make it the more easily seen through, imagine my feelings when she asked me " how V' Anouier lime a xriena was relating how once, while travelling from London to Edin burgh, ho had as companions a couple of Englishmen. The elder of the two had appa rently often been in Scotland, and was pre paring his companion (who had never been) for the awful tilings he would see and hear. Among other things he told how 0110 day at a hotel he noticed a Scotsman eating roast mutton. "And," said the Englishman im pressively, " would you believ'e it; ho took mustard . to his mutton." " Mustard to mutton !' gasped his horror-struck com panion;, "and did ho die?'' My friend, who ,told this with great gravity, liore paused, and his wife, who had been eagerly listening, and who, womanlike, waited to hear the end, broke in with, " And did he die V' The other week at a friend's house a gentle man .was telling about a member of Parlin ment being severely heckled by one of his constituents, a big, clumsy, country-looking fellow, who was insisting on getting "yes or no" to his questions. At last, however, the M P. turned upon his persecutor, and asked him if lie would answer yes or no to one ques tion. Receiving •in affirmative reply, he said, "Well, will you kindly say. whether you are as big a fool as you look?" Now, I think this isn't bad, and we all had a good laugh, which needless to sav was renewed when a lady, who hud evidently been pondering ovei the ques tion, said with a triumphant, I've-discovered it sort of air, ' 'Why, if it had been me I would have said no !'' Uan anyone say if Sydney Smith, when a young man. was a great frequenter of ladies' society ? because, if he was, it might account for the origin of his famous—or shall I say infamous—joke about: Scotsmen.—A.O.E.B. THE WOMEN OF'INDIA. In India the women are shut up in Zenanas. There tliuy are kept. in wearisome bondage, and never allowed the freedom of tho outer world ; and when sickness, pain, and sorrow come, instead of sympathy and all tho many alleviations that surroundanEnglish mother, there is solitudeand loneliness, isolation from *,herestof(hufamily, no clean clothes allowed, no water at times, and often a fire lit in the small lnit set apart for her use. All the many ills to which human flesh is heir to, if they should attack an Indian woman, must bo met without any skilled medical aid. In India the commonest elements of health are not known. Infants with bronchitis are laid by fond and ignorant mothers on the floor in the damp. Sanitary arrangements are nil. Even with the many bathings that are.rieces3ary for holiness in the Gauges, cleanliness is a virtue but dimly understood. Seven or eight years ngOj it was said that there was work for 2,000 women in India—medical work. At present there are at the most twenty-four or twenty-live English medical missionaries in India and China who aro on the British Register.—'4 Ph renological Magazine. IIOW TO KEEP YOUNG. A short article is circulating in the American newspapers. The author is unknown to us. It contains-much .truth.- It says:—"Past grief, - old angers, revenges, even past pleasures, constantly dwelt upon—all dead, decaying, or dccayed thought — make a sepulchre of the soul, a cemetery of the body, and a weather-beaten monument of the face. "This is age. " Tho women who never grow old are the student women—those who daily drink in chyle through memorizing, thoroughly analysing, and perfectly assimilating subjects apart from themselves. "Study is development—is eternal youth. "The student woman, who makes wise use of her acquisitions has no time to corrugate her brow with dread thought of the beauty destrnyer leaping fast behind her. " Not considered or invited, old age keeps his distance. Brain culture, based on noble motive, means sympathy, heart gentleness, charity, graciousness, enlargement of sense, foeling, power. Such a being cannot become a rossn. USEFUL HINTS. For starching muslins, ginghams,, and eali coas, dissolve a picce of alum the size of a hickory nut for every pint of stareh. Thi3 will keep the colors bright for a long time. To hasten the cm e of a burn or a scald there is nothing moro soothing or effective than the white of an egg. It is contact with the air that makes a burn so painful. The egg acts as a varnish and excludes the air completely, and also prevents inflammation. To repair runner hose, cut the hose apart where it is defective, get 2 or 3 inches of iron pipe from a gasfitter, insert, and twist tho lioko over it until tho ends meet, when the hose should bo snugly- wrapped with strong twine, then n axed. Tho hose will then be as good as. new. The Oums are Barometers of Health.— Two drops of camphor on your toothbrush will give your mouth the freshest, cleanest feeling imaginable, wi'l make your gums rosy and absolutely prevent anything like cold sores or effections to. your1 tongue. The guins, by tho way, are barometers of our condition. If they arc clear, bright red we are in good health, while if our blood is thin and wanting in the little mysterious red corpuscles that make us healthy, the gums will lo pale pink, or .if we are in a very bad way indeed, and iiuit'i in . f u of utilised iron, rhs-.v il! .;lm>-st white. Cirarii:g out R its and Mice.—The best w,-.y to gwt l id of nits and mice, writes a oheiniht, is not to poison them, but to make cheui thoroughly tired of the locality, and so induce them to leave. They are gonernlly too cunning to eat poison, even when it is provided for their benefit in the r.iost seduc tive fashion, but they arc not particular about tartar emotic. When a little of this is mixed with any favorite food they will eat as greedly as though the physic was not there, but in two, or three hours there will be the most discouraged lot of rats about the place that anybody ever saw. The tartar will not kill them; it only makes them ill. A Cause of Drowning Accidents.—The sudden drowning of good swimmers is nor due to cramp, 113 generally supposed. Thore is nothing, says a high medical authority, in cramp in a leg to prevent an ordinary swim mer supporting himself in the water by his hands or on hia back, nor to cause him to throw up his hands and sink once fur all like a stone. Tlie'explanation is that the drum of the ear is perforated, and the pressure of water causes vertigo and unconsciousness. It: b therefore a wise precaution for a swimmer! to have his ears protected with a stopper of cotton. COOKERY. Pressed Chicken.—This is a delectable dish for a picnic, and one that is much more wholesome than pork in any shjpo. Boil two chickens of pretty good size (if tough boil with a chunk of broken glass in the pot—this in an old Dutch way of making agei! fowls tondci), until thoroughly done and the bones pait readily from the flesh. Pick tliem cleau of botie and gristle, chop the meat iino as possible, edd tv small handful of bread-crumbs, season to taste, Willi butter, pepper, salt, and a little sugar. Pour in enough of the liquor to moisten it, and mould in .'v crock under a heavy weight. Serve when 6>ld and firm, cutting into .slices, and placing on a bed of fresh green parsley. Rhubarb Cream Pie.—Ono pint of stewed rhubarb, four ounces of sugar, one pint of craam, t\vj ounces of powdered cracker, threo eggs. Hub the stewed rhubarb through a sieve, beat the other ingredients well together, and, just as the pie is ready for the oven, stir in the rhubarb. Pour the j whole into n 'pinto lined with pastry. Cover j with strips and bake. Breakfast Rolls.—Two cups of flour, one cup of sweet milk, ono cup of wtvtor, and one-half teaspoonful of salt. Buke twenty five minutes in a quick oven. Coeoanut Pie.—Grate one cocoamit, add one pint of milk, three eggs, one cup of sugar and a little salt; add. also, the cocoanut milk. This is enough filling for two pies. 