" How ShaKI W« Oecide Thl§ Question I" Mow, which ts the worse-to nave no appetitefor your diitwr, #r to have no'dinner for yotvr appetite ? There are lote of people on the one fide or the other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and .health. on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards hie meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have 'too much food without an appetite; or a vigorous appetite without .enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable Jimite, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, ehort of the starvation line, a hungry man is a. healthy man : whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eatin?, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, *' ! was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment "lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to loose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, . with a dark line down the middle and yellow furr round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the cheBt and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any tiling. Then ! was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me " Wecannotwonderttoat under these circuin ! stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he " a pricking sensation"' at hu heart, as though it were touched with some slurp instrument-. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I wade for I was afraid, to cat. '* After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" Ts, of course, the- fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblinB, the creatures of a restless and nngoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past myJ powers of description. I am sure no one-has suffered, sq much as I hare done" In the latter statement he is undoubtedly . wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbours pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment hae left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exaetly like Ids own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup.. " My wife," he says," got me a bottle at Mr LangetafiFs, in Woolesford, and after uring its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like "the whole world to know what it did for me, I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) "JSEOBGE HUMT, "Car Bottom fiord, .' Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Sfe Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 