V?.r. Bsggles's Con yersion.-. UY Grosuenosr .unste ; :Ghosts 1" sneered Mr. Boggles, "bab r rot I humbug I Figments of the imagina- r tion, my dear sir- disordered digestion, queer 1 liver and so on, Iknow. Why, sir, my wife, c poor girl, used to sayFwhea she was'in a' "tetiper (as shie usually [was), used to say: a that if she died first she'd haunt me. haunt 1 me I ha I hal h. ! . Poor girl, poor silly I Mr. Buggies was sitting over his wine with three or four cronies. In the gloom of the evening, the fitful'gleams of the-fire had suggested to one of the guests the idea of ghosts. lie was a tall, lean,sepulchral sort. of man with a voice that seemed to issue from some hollow drum, and altogethler one of those persons who, we should be naturally I disposed to think, was given to supernatural fancies. Morcover,hedrankgin. IIisname _ was Jubbs. SWell, I don't know," said Mr. Jubts. " Perhaps some of these day's she'll keep her Eh ?" cried Mr. Boggles, setting down the glass which he was in the act of rising to hislips. "Ehl" "1 say that perhaps she'll keep her word.' S" Pooh, pooh," said Mr. Buggies. " Don't talk like an ass, Jubbs. Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and-ah-so on, o talk like that." said a heavy-lookinP man named 'now ' i rank off his an with spectac:es at the other end of the a ble. "Shakespeare tells on that there are more things in heaven and earth than are e dreamt ef in our philosophy." " Shakespeare," said Mr. Buggles comrn 0 placertly," was a-a-fool." Mr. Buggies was not the first person in the ii world who ha1d given utterance to this s opinion. In the reign of the George the o Third intellect, " Sh'akespeare is poor stuff," and the George the Third intellect is the Saverage order. Mr. Jinks and Ur. Yubhs felt aggrieved. But when a man is dining with another he is, of course, compelled to keep his opinions to himself. It was not until they were walking through Fitzroy Gardens on their homeward way that the? expressed them. t selves very strongly about hIr. Buggies' rude r method of disposing of a debateable question. " If it hadn't been I was sitting there as p his'gnest,"said Jinke,"'I'd ha' told him what y I thought of him." 1 " Tell you what," said Jubbs, "it would I serve him right to give him a scare." "It would. If we could raise the ghestof his wife now. 'oor woman, no wonder she died.- .. . - "We'll.do it,'I cried the other with en. thusiasm. " We'll do it. Confound the fellow with hii self-opbinionated airs. I'd like to see him taken down a peg." ,Whereupon the two friends thereand then resolved that the thing should be done, con.. vinced that it would be the more easy of e accomplishment, inasmuch as each instinct t ively felt that Mr. Buggles was a rank im. e poster, and like most bodies, an arrant Scoward. Time passed, and Buggies still maintained his defiant attitude as to the existence of ghosts. Nevertheless, he had latterly been somewhat agitated 'by sundry and divers. eccentric noises and movements around and about his house, which was a comfortable habitation in Fitzroy, standing in a goodly garden.and backed, by a considerable field, wherein tst lderney cowgrazed. Now this cow had latterly exhibited some evidence of aberrations of intellect. She would begin to bellow' for no ascertainably. reason about e midnight, and if ndolocked up.in the stable a would tear around the enclosure, furiously. Buggies consulted'a veterinary surgeon, who s examined the animal, and pronounced her a as healthy a cow as any in existence. " Then what makes her fly around at e night and bellow fit to raise the roof off?" cried Boggles, irritably. ""Dashed if I can tell," said the Vet., '. unless something frightens her.. Maybe," a li? added jocularly, " a hoat is around, and Sit don't' agree with around, and e This was a joke, but it struck Buggles, not only as ia bad one, but as one uncon. , sciously aimed at his heterodox notions in Sthe subject of ghosts. He told the Vet. D that he talked like.a fool, but as he paid a that worthy a guinea, the impertinence was a pocketed with the cow-complacently. But this was not all. Contemporaneotsly r with the cow movement, there were other signs "i' the air".of supernatural high Jinks. Every cat in the neighborhood seemed to be animated by some interest of unusual character. They scattered about the roof, moaning and spitting fearfully. The hooting of mopehawks could be heard; while dismal moanings outside Buggles' bedroom window, and sometimes a weird but: suppressed shriek added to these fear. some episodes. As for the 'watchdog, he. yelped, and howled, and bayed, and barked until he grew-as hoarse as a raven. And Bug lows began to be .ervous. .', He put the servants on watch, and got a. policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good ; the cow went on as before, so did the cats, so did the mopehawks, so.did the dog,. and the d moans and screams did not cease. It was e' getting serious. Bugsles had to drink an Lb extra glass or two .of toddy every night to' :steady his nerves. He went so far as to speak to his friends, with affected jocularity, about these matters. But they t loo"-d grave; Jinks shook his head solemn. s ly, and Jubb's repeated Shakespeare's lines tr reflectively. "Well, I'll end it somehow," said Buggles one.starlit but rough night, as he sat listen. ing'to the moaning of the wind, and the rat. a tling of the swindow shutters. "There I' d There goes that darned cow again, and t A mournful cry was heard,u as from one Sin great agony, and just close to the house. a Bugles shook. " Ifit be possible, after all," he mottered, "and she has kept her word l 'Perhaps SI didn't treat her over and above. well Ssometimes." .:' .. i Sometimes I The late lamented Mrs. Bog ' glese had led asich a life that death inust nave 'been welcome to her. A faint consciousness i.:'of this circumstance added to the terrors i- which now begani "to take hold upon Mr. Bugglee' i'iagination.. .. . ;"i'll sell the place !" he muttered; "and that cow shall be' slaughtered' to.morrow, G. racious ! how that dog is barking. I can't P stand it; anything is better than this sus puense. I'll face it, whatever it is."'''' ' Anid he buttoned up his"oat,'and clapped. his hat upon his begd with an air of manful determination: Seizing the firstweapon at Shand-it lhappened to bho a hammer which She wasr:i'.the habit of. sing to crack'geolo. gical specimens (for he dabbled in science, did Buggles)-he issued forth into the garden. SThis he traversed. :Nothing was to be seen, 'udand:iti.was with. a firmer:step. and stouter heart that be passed into the field. The cow was stabled, but she was'lowingmourn. As I ' h i~: iid,'the-night was clear, but the gush of wind which passed the field and bent and.swayed the trees therein; indaninig the while, lent an uncanny influence to the time and scene. Againd Mr. Btiggles'.spirits. fell, and a creepy feeling came over him. He shivered. passed; and was about to turn bhack,b'dlien his eyes 'fell upon an object, the •e sight of which made him jump into the air il like an acrobat, dropping his bammer in the action. And then he stood stock still; S'paralysed by fear, and gazing with eyes that started from their ecckets, and ansu 1 pended tireathing at the thing before him. It was a figure of a woman, clothed from head to foot in a white garment, which covered her arms 'close into her body. Buggles could not recognise the features 'because they also were covered, hut his ex , cited imagination and accusing conscience revealed to him that the figure was that of ,i ihis dead wife, and that without doubt she e' had kept her word and had come from the. a shades to haunt him thus. The figure ditd m not move, save that it swayed in the sind bt in'which its ghostly garments fluttered ever el and anon.' Mr. Buggies gazed until his knee it gave away, and at last, with a suppressed t. shriek, he fell to the ground insensible. How long he lay thus I do not know. SWhen he recovered himself and sat up, and ' turned his eyes fearfully towards the spot u pon which he had seen the apparition it f was gone. He crawled back fearfullyto the Shouse, let himself in with a latch-key, and e repairing to a spirit closet, swallowed a vast a glass of brandy; then he crept to bed. But no sleep came to him, The gruesome sf sight he had looked upon haunted him o through the night, and for many a night thereafter. But, singularly enough, from Sthat night the trouble ceased. The cow ceased tW hIlUow, th&ts;_. babheh atheir .-ncerts-tojust arnd natural proportions, the watih:-dog no longerbarked his tail off. And, thiough iuggles.sct some stout fellows on the.watch none of them' ever saw the ghost. As for the mopehawks, everybody sniggered when ?Buggles spoke about them. Mone hawks -in the centre of Fitzroy-pooh I *ridieolousl, -Howwver, Mr. B3uggles' experience had a verysalutary effect upon his mind and man ner. He no longer argued with such dog matic offensiveness, and, to the surprise of his friends, would listen to the most'extra ordinary statements with an air of credulity ind humble trifst, wholly dlffelret :to* that self-assertive manner iith which he lIad' been won't to dispute matters beyond his. ken. Altogether -he was a" chanriged, nild, and Jubband Jlnks plumed tlhemselves upoh the success and effects of their plans, with very good reason. SFor it'was indeed to their iflchihohs iii vention that the matter was to be traced. The.veterinary surgeon who had been called in by Mr. Buggles to inspect the cow. was in the secret. It was lie who supplied certain herbs which, partaken of by the animal being dropped into the field during the day -brought about spasms about midnight. Her bellowings were but an expression of pain; but, as Mir. luggles could not read cow language bhe had been unable to inter. pret these. As for the cats, the wicked con spirator had gathered.thlcm far and wide, encased their claws in walnut shells, tied their tails together, and otherwise caused them to contribute to the hubbub. Of course; all this made the dog bark, while the mopehawks were simulated very easily. And, further, the figure which had cl ared Mr. Buggles so dreadfully was nothing more I than a fashion-frame such as linen-drapers SIoe to exhibit ladies' dresses. The thing. netuel~Wu shrY such caution that nobody had been enabled to make it out, or expost the fraud. And, as the result had been so happy, Jinks and Jubbs consoled themselves with the reflection that the end sometimes does, indeed, justify the means. 