THE-M;ERY .t/io'i oy»"' Tlfe.n'pWgR;" A Tale op Thbilling Intbbest, BY H : PIEROE, Authoress of 44 Lovdy- Nel!jlVf<4A,Uattlo for Iro;t21)MWyT)6omoain«AI « Boreda's/tic,?'. cV I»wea, the Beautiful," 14 TwflDFArtantJJ," " Strangely Severed, Ac. ,, CHAPTER X.- : I /uubllW's .cones. ' "Tour mother is a very rich woman/ is oho not I" Dootor Varte.aaid to hie com panion as thoy moved down tho hall. " Bioh enough but it don't do me much good," Jasper, answered, sourly. . " Hoe sho jmddo hor will P" " I don't know. If sho has, it is all left to Ken. Sho is not fond onough of mo to looro mo anything/' : « Bat yo» are Ken.-:. If she dies xrithout a will, it combe to you naturally, and if £ she loaves it.ttt Aim, you got it. So all you have t$;d$ is.-,to. soQ aho don't loave it to: K anyono:else, »Is there ahy,oatsidor ishenis likely to willit toPj,'.... ,/ ,rrv. , " Noihiife.jC know of.".-, u'l;' ; I ?,A4;i3gH..:No.w, you- j-iake io, to . my. !an.;fvnd; then.go.-back i -audi" square X things (up .witb your mother.,! iYou.must f. talk her over. Evidently sho distrusts £ me. She;.easpeotartbatr.i Ha&K;'hcro.fbr ao good. You rpustbanish'that mistrust and suspicion frombcrmind:, U. must bo done if you wanfcTtbnquccecd in;alli you hate | planned; Xba;aii.'tgot along, without the " old lady, my friond." jg Ja jper; must, , Jra.v o followed : tbia ;i sage Y advice, an/1-, succeeded , inw «/ talking hi ; motheroyer'nif ..i»: \\\ : » Somoffrwojw throe, minutes later. Madam Bud appeared. \ in , her , daughter-in-law's opartmeatat>tR.ft-?.ll,;.:j \ 1 ; , r sho hivd.inade on otagant. toilet. Sho was calm, bofonb, almost liko herself. Sho hod-oome, sho -told -Sibyl; with nn I affable oir, tortell her who Dootor :.VarU' | was, and why he' had -come to Ruction— why shq- had. beon so' agitated at 'seeing him. -i-' f ' ' ' It " Ho Is an old friond of -my father's 4 family, and one to - whom wo are under & many obligations, " oho said.' : !! "You gavo him a strange reception for an old frlbnd,"' 8ibyl interposed, lifting largo, contemptuous eyes to madam's face. " Ho is a- groat student," madam went on, without noticing tho interruption, ?'and. knowinho)v/quietly< we ltvd, besides wnat-i xf ing to pay ns a visit, ho has asked permis- || sion to bring his books and occupy a room in the tower for pwhilo." r . Sibyl started Violently at'mcntlohjbt the // tower. nhM a deadl v ndllor swoDt over' the beautiful face. "I told, him tho tower was said to. bo hnontod; but lof . eourso ho would not care rP for anything of 'that sort," madam went on, smiling. ' " Then Dootor Varlo is to occupy a room in the tower Sibyl asked breathlessly. : Madam Uiiel looked at her keenly for a 4 momont. ... " Yes," she answered; slowly," watoh- 5 ing Sibyl 1 i"th'o:Bcrvnnfcs: aro now pre- ' paring ulm, a sitting-room and4 bed-room \- on this floor. .-Of 'course, all those' rooms m have been shut .hp so long they are in a 3 sad condition with 'duafc, mould, au'd'eob- webs, but tho doctor will not listen to a word of delay/ Ho has got soino wonder- tal book he is writing nearly done, and wonts to ht ib at once and flt ish it. 80 we aro trying to gob hiB rooms ready for him tbn take Ipossession 'of them to- mght." " Whioh room' ore !yon ' preparing for r-jlaapio P" Sibyl', asked, rising and facing vgMymadam exoitedly as she was. about to go. , "Yon, dear child F" madam exclaimed. "What a-Mdoatlh I'Do yoU want one of -.fM Sibyl looked at h'et at'eddily a tkomehb.' h-jQ Hor tips were white, bpt ,thpy did not; rtzfi tromblo a partiolo, and. there' Was ho falter- teg in the sweet voice aBWs&id; :1., , . . , fiVril " Do yodhlhk'oucah'impbao bU mo,, $ madam, wltti-VAtffabktitastbry'o'f studying. . '.:& and writing a book ?. Do yoil dmagine for ono moment' thai .nbt khowwhat Dootor Vdrle k is hbre f6r as" well' 'm syou 'laA do P" x Madam Buol smiled a, little. Sho could <3 afford to. H ad 'hot' Joape ryi 11 obediehcb to' his pale familiarfa suggestion; succeeded in i:'& Infusing her Bick and aohing honrt with somothintikehopd?-7 '' ' ' Sho smiled faintly, therefore, under thnc, >-'?! influcnco.»1Bht' the hop'6' 1 iVa's ' de stihod 'to' f, bo almost as tranaiont-tho '.etnilo wqe f faint and fleeting. . r:'i| "I have r£old 1 you ' what -ho 'ia 'hero for. £ If yon do not believe pno, I cannot bQlp ifc,";. ,y.j she Baid.',,! '5 t.T vvl Then aho opened '(thbdoof, audVu alting A, for no more, wont pub'ot thbjrooin "".'.'.V ::J " - Sibyl turned' W Miss Ghrr, and cangnt her handfii t ! ! l f "Oh, that awful tower. Prudenqol" sho cned , in trild1 excitement. 1 "'Do you know , thoy say no one ever occupies thoi»o rooms _ without a tragedy following P Shall I toll, « y you what tragedy.is : coining '.now P f They- Xr re going to shut me. up tuore with that » of- horrible dootor to watoh me and protend! >1, am mad till I go mad: really or die with Efc terror of him." ' 1 iff/ ho olung to Miss. Garr: with eold and f trembling hands. Tho sweet, whito face was drenched in tears. Prudence, stay with me, hold" me fast ! Don't let them separate us, will you ?'"said she. She laid her lovely heard on Prudence's. shoulder, and sobbed hysterically. Miss Garr soothed her with cheerful and loving words. She held her fast in, her true, strong afmal She promised never to leave her. Suddenly Sibyl stood up, drying her eyes and laughing aloud, mockingly. "I am not afraid !" she said. " I will not let th6ml mako:xQe oifrhld ! Come, let ns go ana Bed my.futnr'e'priflon, and if that yv death's b&tfl; doctor is- therei'I will look in ' £ his hatefol face and 'dmile-ideflance at estops" him." tta ,l"> Uil: ; \- ' Mibs Garr would have persuaded her to ; 7 remain in her owp i?odrn,:bub'it vraa nse- i lAs they larhntlnlonSibVl skia;i ' . 1 ' p "There are a great inany qucor BtoriM of this place rtneyt Aa:;thb'!.t»irefe "They; call it the qurao, mid SqAo -pboplb bbliovo it cannot bo destroyed. It wofe built by a : Pronohman, who murdered his. wife , in one L : of the roomsi'aiid tbhh'bung'bipiaolf;" It ;;iB a great many.ycara, older thOa ,the main' /' ."Av building, and thoy say tho mansion itself "1 has beon sovoral tunes destroyed by fire. / . bnt tho towor'eBcapoq, or -wao'Bomehow " caved, eaoh timo. It is- built entirely of mahogany logo, brought from a great dis tance and at immcnBO expense. - j. , " There ia a wonderful' carved door lohd- ' -ing into it, covered with scroll work, birds, flowers, and all sorts of fantaatio figures done exquisitely, and thoy, say that any. >bno who has the -patience, can trace out i six. plainly among all tnoso flbo lines and that uuoor carvipgi tho words ' JJubIIh's Curie.'. h, hero \vo aro I",, she concluded, as thoy cAmo in sight of a short, wide passago ' rtth a high, ,largo"arched door at each ox- fittfOllty. r...U, : : - , 'Ibcso doots were' 1 open, and servants c/ore berrying to and 'fro through the passage, ./). As theyi'paksedi on, Miss Garr noticed \- 1 that tho inner door at the farther ex- iromity of tbo short- corridor was covered with on elaborate carytng,- , , They found themselves Wa largo square m room, with; U'flnoi;'! tall double window looking toward tbo garden, from before which a man.wa8 at this moment cuttiug, away tho large masses of ivy which had. pvorgrown'it. . v Sibyl ahbt'. a owiEt glan'co around tho .-.room, almoat'oxpcflttng to. peo'sbmowhero , the palo-vjlsagod 'doctor of whom sho had such a horror. tiut ho was not there. i DeBido fcho t9jpen window, watching tho r V Y Yi ' - i 1 f -1 . ' ; i „ - 1-. . 1 ' juttn oat. tho ivy, stood tho girl who called herself Lucy Vonaor to everybody horo but; Jasper Princo. ' : Sho turned at Sibyl's and Miss Qarr'e ontranoo Mid fixed hor luatrooa, jowol-Uko oyoa on tho -beautiful, dart faco of tho foruiormth a etraugo oxpresaion. ; Sibyl lookod back at her like one fas- cinntod!' ; She recognised tho girl who had brought tho telegram to the impostor tho night au «i woe nt a face to forget easily. She fqltn sort of -gratitude toward her for ;baing: tuo nieans, oven' .indireotly) as 'she supposed,' of removing chat hateful pre sence from her room, and she' smiled at hor. 1 Tbo flri 'only returned a. cold, almost insolent stare. Suddenly V Sibyl turned to Miss Garr, clutching her arm with violence, her face like ashes. - " Hark I What was that P" sho breathed, hoarsely, her burning gazo fastened on a distant door. At that -very moment, the door, ns if blown1 by a strong gust of wind; flow open, and overyono in tho room beard a dread ful, Wild, ' agonising cry that seemed to sweep through tho aperture as if from some upper region. / JDily I Lily I Lily!" catno with awful, hofrible distinctness. Pru'donco throw both arms around Sibyl, whose looks frightened her. " Let mo go I It is tho namo ho always called me by i He is horo— ho is horo 1" sibyl criod, huskily. . , CHAPTER XI. ... >' ' TUB btoax-boom. . Thrbugh tho open door ran Sibyl.;. "My qarlingl my darting I my darting 1" sho keptscroaming. CoyoaL the door, sho found herself in a htindsouio octagoh- almped hall, origiaaily lighted by a sky-light of stained gloss. ... This was now covered with tho thick ivy which 1 bad grown over the wholo of the towor,'aud the hall would have been en tirely dark- but for tho light of the room behind her.: - A pretty winding stairway, with gilded roils and velvet carpet, sprung airily away upward. \- 1 rumbling in ovory limb, so that she could scarcely keep from falling, Sibyl began in desperate haste to mount the Bt'UI-S. ! Stumbling. at ovory step ia hor excite ment, s ie at last reached the first landing, and'eatuo suddenly face to faco wixh Jasper Prince just emorgiog from a room, the door of which he shut quickly us ho saw her, and stood leaning uguiust tho paneled wall With choking breath. " Sho heard him 1 Good heavens, what shall wo do now?" he muttered, hoarsely. Ho bad taken tho bandage from his head again, and without it ho looked, in tho half irlooin, more liko his liupless brother than over. For tho third and last tiino that marvel lous and startling likeness decolvcd tho u'limppy and decporately wronged young wifo. tiut only for tho fragment 0! a second. " Konrick 1" sho screamed, and fell book, shuddering from head to foot with (i siok horror that was liko death. " Yon ?" she ejaculated, faintly. "Oh, God — oh, heavon ! must it bo always yon ?" -The scorn on tbo beautiful faco, thi light of contempt in tho lovely eyes, wero plain to see oven in that dim place. " llo is horo somewhere," Sibyl mur mured to hcrsolf, but aloud. Then, in a raised voice, sho called : : " ICenrick 1 Konrick I" An instant's breathless silence followed. Jasper's tongue clovo to tho roof t>f his moutb. He tried to spoak, to make a noise, to drown any reply that might come to. that piteous call. But the words stuck in bis throat, and his limbs refused to move. . 1 Then1 both heard some alight sounds. To Sibyl's excited fancy, it seemed as if anmonnn nr Ramethtaff was movinif in the room bjohind the impostor— tho -room Bhe had jopt seen him come out of and ahnt the doot with an air of haste and trepida tion. J . . , : \ : « I b6tiove he is in there/ she -'said/ fix ing a bright, level gazo on'Jaaper's chang ing face; "Stand aside, and let me see .whafe-ia'in that room behind you." V Miss Gari had followed Sibyl from the rc'.tm below. - She-stood very near. The servants who wero preparing tho chamber for Dootor £Vairlo hod come- to the door, of tho octagon hall, and wero listening e'agorlyi ' ' ' " My dearost," Jasper said, m entreating tones, for thd benefit of tbo listeners, "I will show you tho room, certoinlyj thero is nothing in it but 'old furniture. But'do hot speak so loud, l:bqg of you.) ' The'; vahta will think you aro orazy to bo going oh this way, calling me ,in that, high tra- gSdy yoico, when I am right here with Openthat door 1" was all tho answer abomacjo. , ;4, . -Ho turned and slowly opened it. Sibyl and-Miss .Garr pressed forward. ) ; ! Jasper lighted some matches and showed th'em that the room contained nothing but old furnituro.. , l- It seiuqtl a' more storage place - for decrepit! tables, chairs, invalided ward robes and burbaus, craaked mirrors/ pic ture frames, and all such odds and. ends 'a's acbutnulato in largo houses.', = It was orammed with theso, even to tho. ceiling, and so fienr the door as to barely lcavo rooiu to open it. " Are you satisfied?" Jasper asked; in a sheering voice': 5 M Will: you. allow -me-lto' close the door P" - The two ladies drew book. 'Jasper shut tho door, gibyl was quite calm by this time, v Sho had . conquered tho 'fierce ngitaitoh\tbat had seized hor at sound of ,» tho voioo she believod'toliovo been her husbaud!a.; . She turned to Jffiss Garr. < DM you hear BomKono. call Lily, threo times just now as the door flew open and 1 ranoutl'' . « H i UlU, ailHo «uoTi»»yu. . , botlv in the hou'so heard R, I guess,.. .,.: "Did it sound Uke this man's voice? ' 1 Not in tho least." , . ..£ ,.l NevcrlheieSB, it was mine, Jasper, said. coolW. " I did not know, darling, that you, wore an/whom vcar. But I wni, thinking abont jmi vary intently, and feeling very nnbanpy over your treatment of mo, tho Juonjso hallucination which has taken tuoh complcto poaaCMlon ol you concerning mo. Ih ray distress o£ mind 1 nttorcd yonr name —the old pet name I used to call you by whon we were bo happy." v ' L1nr 1" Sibvl breathed thr<-uph her tight- ibni t?iith ' " it wsb not yon. That was my husband who called mo. whether In the bo.ly is j l.RiMw Kiiaf. Purhfim vou have murdered 1dm. Certainly you conld novcr havo obtained, that ring of hta which you aro wearing by any fair means 1 . A curious, ashy whiteness went Buddonly over the impostor's face liko a tiaBh tils black eyes glowed liko dull coals. All at once there camo again, from some where near.ihat sound which had startled Sibyl before— a' Bound as of Bomo 71012111 movement— Bomuono straggling, porhaps. " Di you hear that 1" she biased in an cx- mien wmapor to iraaonco. .Then : i . , . " Konrick I Konrick I Ob, Konrick 1 Kon rick 1" sho Bhi-iukoi. For perhapk a second of Itmo tbo impostor stood as it a tanned; but with an awful look of mingled fear' pnd rdgo on his dark, OBby faco. | i Then seizing Sibyl violently by tho arm, hu tried to pull hor toward tho stairs, but by a swift, deft movement sho rolcasod horsolf and faced him with glittering oyes. « II "\v dare you touch mo ?" oho cried. 11 I'll touch you' to oomo nurposo if you don't stop 6crcochlog liko that I" ho said. "I begin to think as my mother sayB, that tho best place for you is whoro thoy put other lunatics and know how to tako'caro of Thanks,'1 rctorned Blbyl, Icily. j 'She movwl a fow stops toward, a socond, stqiry/ay leading upward, . , : >, 1 :7 : 11 r ;,fM. ' . - ' - "WhereNio you going now?" ho de manded. .J1 . 'el " 1 km going to sco what is in lho3Q upper chambers, " \ 1 ; Hoacowlod pt her angrily. " Tbore.ia nothing up tliore but dust and dirt, i 1 don't suppose anyono has been in- sido thorn for years. Tho servants never go nCar them, and would not for any money. ' Thoy aro'so afraid of ghosts." "! wish to Bro them." He j stood somo momcnte glowering at her and thinking it ovor. Very well/,' ho said at last, in n sullon voico— " you shall seo them. You would atond tboro a weok, I've no doubts sooner 'ban not got your own way. I will show you tho rooms, but we must havo' a light Tho wy has grown over all tho windows till it is as dark as pitch up thoro. Come down in tho iowor room and wait till I can got a lamp." "Wo will wait hero," said Sibyl. "No, you won't. You'll, do as I say, or you won't seo tho rooms dt all!" he de clared, fiercely. "Do na he says, dear. What does it- mat tor whispered Miss Garr. Sibyl yiolded reluctantly. Something— oomo voice /within hor seemed to riso up and say, " Don't go." Yot sho wont. Jasper quietly looked the door of the store-room before going with them, and Sibyl noticed that ho did so with a vaguo feeling of uneasiness. The listonurB iu the lower hall scattered at their approach. Jasper sent one of them after a lamp, and Sibyl and Alias Garr sat down on a volvot sofa white thoy waited. ,ihe impostor, at an almost imperceptible sternal from tho irirl his rnothor callod Lucv Vonncr, went over to the window, whore she was by. herself now, tho man who hod buou cutting the ivy having finished his job nnd gone. Thero was, a faint, sarcastic gloatn in tho lovely greeni'ih-grey- eyes as she glanied carelessly at the others in tbo room, and then taming her book upon thorn, loaned slightljr from the window. '.' Doh't fool worth a cent, does she ?" ebo Baiil, with' a soft snoor. Jasper muttered something not for ears polite to hear i'ho girl laughed wickedly. "Seo, -hero, belle," he said, speaking low, " I will put this key on tho window- gill — go— and you must take it without thoso others seeing you. Go out from hero and slip up from the floor under this to that room, and tell uy mother tho situa tion. lie must bo kept quiet; there must be no noiso whatever— not a sound either by voico or movement. She knows how "to quiet him and I want her to do it. Con founded nuisance bis getting so lively all at once." Bella took tho key and glided away on hor errand. . The servants who were passing about, attending to the room, stolo furtive and nnriAitii vImiiim iifc Hihvl Prini-j anil Mil Garr. Both ladies looked pale and excited. "Everybody in. this room must havo heard that voioo calling me," Sibvl said, in a low tooo, " Do yon supposo thoy all thought it was that wretoh yonder speak ing?" " They all looked startled ; some of them seomod frightened. Someone cried ' Ghost !' as you ran out of tho room. Thon another said, laughing, it was only Mr- Frince call ing you.""- Bello'wds not long absent. As sho re entered tho room there was a whito, ex cited look on tho vivid and startingly lovely £aco>kjoh It had not worn before.' f The servant; who had gone for, tho lamp was just bringing it. . . / , ; Bollo wont up to Jasper :Prince. y ' "Ho will bo kept quiet," she said, in a low voico." Now, listen to mo, l want you to toll mo to take that lamp aud; co with fair Sibyl on ber exploring expedi tion." " You ?" bo exolfimcdyangrily. " What for ? You wont to make, mischief." ; " You do1 as'T say/ or I will make ho had to obey. , " Ho tie going to send that queer girl with as, instead of coming himsrif," Sibyl :eaid, low, to Prudencb-Garr; "I don't ;iiko her, but any one/is better than him." " Don't let them stay any longer than you can1 possibly help Belie," Jasper -was saying, ; in an undertone,.'4 or l am afraid thoro will be the devil to pay/ I don't, more tlian half trust my . mother in thia business." /" Belle gavo a little, moakingjaugh. " Ho must be a very queer doviT if ho won't trust such a good oustombr as you," Bho,aaiii i. 4 'V. ' ' " Tbia' girl will show you tho haunted rooms, Sibyl,' if you are still bent on seeing thom," tho impostor said. - i 'Bello advanced smilingly, and.led tbe. way with that light, gliding step peoaliar to her. 1 A s 'she stood at tho first landing, waititi g for theid, lamp, in hand, the, .'darkness be hind her, thy glittering brightness ofthor hair, the greenish lustre of ber straugo yet lovely oyes; the wonderful waxy wliitenesB of her porf oct face, came out witii startling distinctness. t w -Vr - The picture .\vould have boon .without a flaWjrbut for the'fainti, Bueoring.Bmtiq that curved' the soft,;red lips. . Sibyl shpuik. a littlo Tloaer .to Iter ' com panion. | >7.- i 5 UJk I-' ' " I don't like her,"- sho!whispered; again toiMisa Garr. .. „ r "And she don't like yoh,"J-Belle said, coolly. : " Oh, r ' have. '/good /'oars/' Mrs Prince/'i as Sibyl lookedLat horrin haughty '.surprise.' rw.- -r.w. 1 ' ! At 'the btaire'SibyV paused/, fay oing: the beautiful, taopkteg crbaturoVbarChihgly. , " Who! art) you K" she. askod/ coldly and sternly. 1 i ' . "Iwam madam's now maid," .Bello an swered, jwitli demurely/ lowered' eyelids, and dropping ;ahidcking;80rvftht;:giri. 'cour tesy. " Nome' qtL'ucy; Vonnor."'. ; > Sibyl drew.a-8harp;-8tartlcd broathv . "Ah/'i she -uttered. "You aro .in the plot; too.) That. la . why he sont you- with tho.lampj I wonder what o)bo you are, Miss Luoy vunnorr . ... . , r "Just been swom in as aaaisUnfc.-polico detective/' Botio answered, flippantly, lift ing her' beautiful; bbld cyes to tho.awoot,' dark foce'of tho woman to whoso persecu tors she bad deliberately joined'herself. > \- j CHAPTER Xn. ; j"MT DOT-! OT-nOti". , , _ As thoitwo Jovoly women stood gazing into eaoh other's oyos, thoro camo a curious pauso. ... I " She in ono of thimx'i; She. is. with them I She knows all about it I" Sibyl was saying to herself; white an emotion .o/ kcbn'.'Bhume tore at the heart of the ofchor/ . . ;.:v- - Jaanor Prince had followed to the foot of tho stairs, nnd stood listening. At this momont ho coughod slightly. 1 . - - Bollo heard him. Tho beautiful,1 still infatuated woman lmd been told that ho oxpeoted .to get a largo sum of monoy out of this . " affair with Sibyl Frinco," and that whou ho had got it ho would take hor and go dear away out of tho country, and begin a new Jifo in I somo other land. I Sho was fool enough, in spit© of her natural ciovuiuldo, . j .1,, moro, raid alio bad promised to help htm. go ns she saw tlio handsome, evil faco. iwer'mir round tho curving atnirs ot hor, So least on all compunction for tho cruel nart Bhonaa plajing.and mov ng lightly 5p the next Sight, called airily to tho "'""now thon, ladica.if you want to ceo x.t_— t-nnms. follow me. _ Without n word, Sibyl nnd u.ea ttarr mz thwont by tho door ol tho atare- room. Sibyl'a dark eyes lingered on it with a «Jrnthing aa n haunted room," eh'u caid to Prudence, that ml BoUo.'otbppod nnd lookod at TOV curiously. Then bursting into nctlU more ourious laugh she wept on guiokly, and m .oiinivi " 1 ... they hnrried riftbr hor; thoy found herun- lookin'g a door oti tho next floor, which she threwjopon with. a flourish. " Enter!" she cried, gaily. " Bohold tbo ghoat?" It Was a largo, square ro im, much liko tho ono being prepared for Doctor Varlo. Sumptuously furnished oncoperhapd, bat' everything was so covered with dust and cobwebs now, that what was beneath could not much moro than bo guessed at. Miss Vennor ran into the room, and, like aj freakish child, pretended to look under : tho niaarive Uigh-poat bedstead which I occupied tho uentro of tho apart ment, aud on top of the gold-fringodcauopy of velvet. . Sho ipullcd open closets and wardrobes, and locked bohiud dressing- case and sofa with elaborate zeal. Sibyl watolied her thoughtfully. "That girl is playing a part," sho said to herself. "Sho is Acting in thieridlca- Idub manner to cover hor real Feelings. I believe sho kuows all about Ken, aud could tell me blits momout where ho is, if eho chose.'? At the thou glit, her heart seemed to leap intohdr throat; her sweet tips began to tromblo ; her oyoa lilted with tears. Sho Wont toward tin girl. Miss Venner oeaaed'from a fantaitio at crnpt to look up tho chimney, at hor approach. Sho I shrank visibly Ueforo tho whito agony imprinted on that beautiful foe \ Her oyos full to the duBty lloor; she bib hor red lip fiercely, and seemed to struggle dcspor&tcly; with sotno inward agitation. Sibyl touched her with a shaking hand. " Tell me," slie eatrcato J, in the low, re pressed tones terrible aaguish — " oh, You con, I am sure. And you don't look as though you bad a cruel heart.' . There was tho faiut sound of acotigh not so very, far away. Lucy! Vennor started slightly, and throw up her red-gold head. " Don't 1 she said, with a hard, inso lent air. "Thou my looks belie mo.- 1 havo a: heart of Hint, I ussure you, Mrs Prince." Then; with a sudden ohnngc of tone: ; " Don't ynu think you are silly now ask ing mo, where your hujband is, when you kuow no well as i do tliat ho is down in Dootor Vnrle's room waiting for you ?" oiuyi.urayr uncx. sue loaned ucr nana heavily on Prudence Garr'e shoulder, and that faithful friend slipped a strong, sup- porliug arui about tbo trembling figure. " Wluit do yon do it for ?" Sibyl said to Miss Venncr. " You aro in leaguo with Madam Kucl and tbnt infamous wretoh sho calls ber sou. You aro workiug for them. You Uo nob look like a 'girl who would do a wicked -and cruel- deed for monoy ; but if that is it, I can give you as much perhaps as they." " How much ?" Luoy Venner asked, with a pertly serious air. " 1 have thirty thousand dollars of my uwu. 1 .. iu givu jvu owr,v ;iroiij ui lv u you will tell uiu where my husband is." "I don't think thirty-, thousand dollars is rauch/' /Mibt) Veuner said, airily. "Dldn 1 1 hear something ahoutn will tbnt gavo you ovcrythiug— all his great for: tune ? Will you give ino that, too ?" Sibyl shuddered violently at die dread ful implication. Her very lips wero whito. "You are a wicked, heartless girl," she said, iu a low voice. Lucy Venner laughed aloud. " Sho is nu insolent hussy," Miss Garr said, with iadiguont wrath, her bright eyes sparkling.,-/' tewould.not talk to her, my dear. Do you want toscu atiy more rooms ?" 1 XUUCV UlU bl'V UUU1D uvutu IrllU, iUlflS Veoiior toid, protending to laugh violeutly at Miss Garr. " We might find something up thero, nnd then wu have not looked in thobuscment/either. Would you liko.to ? 'Wo 'niay as well do tho thiug thoroughly "whilo wu are about it. You will bo sorry if you don't, 1 am sure." Sho looked at Pruduncnas eho spoko, the greeniah grey eyes luminous and mookiug. Prudeaco.was bolting over, bub sho had ' tlio good senso to sea that words were wasteu ureutn uoce, ... . . ... The very spirit of- -diablerie possessed Lucy Vennor. f. ..r . .> vrr. Even Hibyl-was not moro wretched than" she, her- hearti , wrung- with a .torturo of doubts nnd fedi'a/tbq'thought 'of hich eho tried tojdrowii by ' rattling on in this absurd fashion. They went to tbo other two floors abovo this, but tho rooms wero only a reproduc tion of tbo ones thoy Had soon; . and' tlioy gavo it up. . As thoy returned past tho; store-room, Sibyl put her hand on tlio door. It was 'locked/- I' '.-i j,iJ "Mr Princo bae'tbo koy/' Luoy Vennor oxpihined, vol obly ;Th oy havo boon somo things out of hero for Dootor Varlo'a rdoui.,,'.L' ; ii. »' t . Jaapor Princo watohod.tbQ dopjirture qf. Miss Gurr and Sibyl froih-ihb tower with' the kconest sensation of relief bq bod known for a long timo. > 'i Jt was a very narrow escapo," ho mut; tcred. Tho whole business came mighty near sin ashing." ' " r'\ 1 t muit have been: that >vretohT heard, after all," Sibyl said, ' drearily, to Mies, Garr./. " Ho aoeina oqual to anything." / /By nightfall Dootor Varle's placo was reaay .'for him, and Madam Rucl and. jas- p>br.' Had seen Him ; comfortably installed -therein. \"-l j , The spectral- faced physician spared ho pains tci make himself agreoable.to thofair hud proud old lady/ and to remove from bor.mind the hatofunmprosaions which bo. could see His coming Had 'made/' 7 -But bo did nbt succeed. vory well. ''Madam wore a pale, distrossed/'and worried hir, iu spito of nll his offorta." : She insisted on Jasper acc'ompanyingher when she retired to her. own' apartment ;dhdho-.went most' reluctantly/muttering to himself that .he supposod ho was in 'for iinothor "jaw// / !.7V ,VfI want to'talk to you alone/''1 sho said, ae thoy went along. , "Woll, I don't want, to talk to you," He thought,- "but . I oxpcct I shall. Have to stand it " v",\VoU now, whafcis ifcp" lie asked,' dis- ; agreeably, ns ins mocuer suuc tue aoor. Madam faced around upoo him exoitedly. :r - ?f.i don't'like that .man," she said. " If (Lhfid- seen him before you brought him hero, ho should never have como. "Why nobP" Jasper asked, shrugging , his shoulders and lifting hia dark qyobrowa in a way that wids partioularly bffenBivo to his mothor. i 'V'V Because ho ia .batefnlrdio. is awful! I should die or go mad' myself if I had to be shut up with htia all tho time." 'lAVijIlronlly/lsQQfldiJftepcr.:; 'U should think yuti might be dilt|1o'off your base air rendv to go on!u th!S;wayA? I don't seo any-. Lbiiig avrlul or hateful about poor old Vnrlu, 'though 1- don't call Wm a beauty by anj 11 Ho looks wicked, Jasper. Ho looks as if thore was no evil deed that ho would hesi tate at." " Wpll, yon needn't call mo by that name if he docs,"- hor son said, savagely. " It i» all ourucrvoinncBS and irasgination. inu Insisted1 upon Ken having a doctor and an at ten Inut. This mun fills the bill for both. I don't see what you are gotting up all thir rumpus sbout." "Ho fright-.ns mo ; ho makes my flesh creep !" madam broathed, in hushed, sup- pressed tones. . . " Qh, bosb I I hopo ho wlUfrighteu olhei folks, and mako thorn keep away from tn tower rooms." ... Matam wrung her whito aud jowollcd bands together in a sort of fronzy. 1 feel as though a devil had como inu tho houso," sho eaU; in the samo brcathlcai way. : Seo bore, eapposo wo ahange tho subject, Jasper cxolaimod, 'angrily. " What ia dom oan't ' bo undone, "can It ? Did you hav< much trouble with Ken whilo Blbyl and hci sheep-ilog were poking around ?" Madam shuddered and comprcued lici r'ltwos horrible/' she safd: "Ho would not tako the drops willingly,, qpd I could not I bear to force him. I kept my hand over hh I mouih a gtod deal of the time, bnt bo w» " i .:ji:i03 uii-'iv:" I.:. >T !-t '5'' too weak ' to make a1 loud roui'l. I believe,, after .that one ifrantfc effort. If seemed, to exhaust him. IIo strnggloi a l.ttlo several times against rae, but he was too weak to do much Hut oh. how bu ioAcd at me.l .Oh, the reprosob, tho anguish, the wonder la bis unhappy oyes I It was horrible to .mo' to treat him bo. And now this dreadful doctor 1 I oannot, cannot bear it Oh, my boy, my boy, what shall t do? ncavon's morcy, what shall I do?" CHAPTEU XIII. A WAItKINO, " I cny drop that I Wo havo:hrd cnbngh airl moro in that strain, 1 should think," Jiispsr broke in, harshly. Ho was very pate, but he laughed bucon ingly. . 'J , "What a fake," ho said. "Fair 'Sibyl Httlo droams what lay beyond all those decrepit chairs and broken-legged tables. Oievcr Bcherac (hit. No one but mo wonld ever have thought of it." Suddenly, to . her sou's amassment and dismay, Madam Had fell on her kaacs boforo him. . " Jasper," aho entreated, wildly, " go away. For God's sake— If you don't want to kill me, if you don't want mo to die of. horror and fear— go away. Leave tho country, as yen sworo.ito .your generous brother - you would, that night when ho raised tho ton thousand dollars for you." " Gcnorous , brother," mocked Jaspor. " Tbnt money camo to mo from my father— tho old despot— flung to ino as a bone to a dog—accursed bribe to get me out of the country 'for fenr 1 should bring his high and mighty hend down- to a level with my own." "Shamol oh, shame I" madam exclaimed, rirlng to her rest. "Yonr father lavished (u'jnoy upon you. He tried in every possible w.y to mako a good man of you, but you wou' I not. Tbo more ho did for you tho wofpo you -wore. ,You chose evil com- 1 pnnions, you pluuged intovlco although it worn your nutural clement. Hut not till you became aa actual criminal — till you had forfaited all right to an honourable name — did your father's heart harden toyou. Ho mode his will, giving overy thing ho pt- setto.1 to rna tint, and to Konrick nftorwurd, either nt my death or on my marriage. Hut he mndu m both swear that from that money yon should never have a penny except the ten thousand dollars, and not that uulcsi you nrsi muue 0:1111 to lenvo tuu uuuuiry. Konrick had no choico In the matter If he hrd done differently ho would have forfeit' every thing by tho terms of tho will, and vou w.jutd havo boon no better off. Why don't you reproach mo for not giving you more money; 1 am vory rich by roy second huihuid's- Colonel Ruol's— generosity, but I huvo never given you much moaoy, because I know yon would only uso it to pluugo deeper into crime and shame." ' Von wore so toriibly afraid I might dis grace yon," ho sneered. " Didn't 1 give op my n-.vu namo and take auother that was not mino for fenr anyono should know 1 was related to you 1" You took another name because your father, declared if you did not he would pubifcly disown y->u, and noror uudcr any ciroumsttnceB givo you nuy more money." Jn-nor laughed hnmhly. \- " Well, I kept my- word about that, any way." " Pity yon had not In other things as well," she said; bllterlyT " I don't thluk you over kept yonr word unless you thought you were going to mako something by it." "Oh", come bow," ho said, "you nnd my fnthor wero always down on mo?" " Wo woro not. We lovcl yon and yonr brother both the same. If- anything, we w«re bettor to you, becauso yon tried us ranro, ana wo wore more nniuu» auuui./uu. Bnt it was of no nse. Yea never loved any thing bat youiself. You never cared for any living creature onongh to deny yourself the rtumllest fraction for its sxko." " That's so ; and what L want I'll have, if tho bottomless pit yawns." Jaspor encored. "Yo3,..ycfl, .yes 1" moaned -the nabnppy motner yon wui, yon oiwoya wouiu. 1. could almost fin I it la my heart to wish at IthU - moment that you - were back for life .behind thorn iprteon bard from which you ziediy, falling on ber knoes'agairi, "go away boforo worse happens! Go, £9, go I I will glvc'you money ; I will givo you anything if you will only go I!' ; " Woll, ''I: won't I Do you understand fchat»?" I -wont go a atop It is' the first time in inylifoleverbada sign of n qhanco,- and I'm going to hold to it now— 1 swear -1 am. L'd ao it, if for no othor roaion, for the sake of bringing: down that handspmo/jado who calls mo an impostor and looks atyfnu ns If 4-, were a snake. Pil bring hor low. I'd rithor conquor 'Her tbanUiavq a million- of money.! I'll dolt, too. Got. op, mothor. If ydiTkaolt there UU .the jiidgmonttday,- it wenM-mako no dffferbbce. ' / . Madam R'teKrcbslbwly fo hor feat, un- xidod.fi Her sen .offered to help horHaT;shu rej oted hiq/assistanco with a bitter tare. / / / A oawo .must btf upon mo to have borne such a,fion," shoaid, hoarsely/ " How In1 heaven's name can/you, born- of; tho: tame blood', nfirscd'-al the Barno breast,' cradled in the' aampv arms yds yourlbrothcr.t watched; tehdo'd. cartd for moro tenderly than , ho,. be Ao diffaront?/ Ho-bo bonoarabte/'blgh- mindcd/mauly, and kind tt" " Kind I" aueotod Jasper. " How about that will/of bis giving everything Ho has to fair- Sibyl? You woro pretty savage about - that business, if my memory, serves, me/f ' "" fTho money ta his own./; I liavo enough. I/was wrong. I am 'sorry T ever saia.a ivord, or.faltso about) it.: :Ho\has"always beon a good, kind, loving son to me.._ Ho novor orossod me or displeased me-ia his life, except about his marriage and. that will. I don't care for any of it now. Oh, my God, no I" the unhappy woman groaned, despairingly, , witli uplifted ibanda and streaming tears. "If I could only undo everything) since that awful night whon you brought him hero, bruised and bat-, te'red, bleeding and unconscious, and made iau boliovo.,that the officers of tho law wero after you, and that your only safety lay in passing yourself for your brother for a fow days. For a fow days, you said and swore to me I" she repeated, uer voico rising shrilly in hor agony of wrath and despair, anu ueru yuu are yuc. vu. my wronged, my outraged, holpleas son, what will become of yon P" " Yes, here I am yet, and horo I mean to stay, as I have told you a good many timos," /Jaspor said;-, doggedly. " You ought, to know. me. too well to havo evor believed that I would keep so silly a pro- miso as. that was about going away from so snug a nost as this. - Horo j am, and.boro I mean to stay." "I -know' you do," Madam Euel said, despairingly. /"You will stay, living this false and. cruel lifo, compelling me to a course 'that 'my 'soul abhors, and that wrings my heart, until you havo driven uje into iny gravo, and booked yourself for ono thing, Ji3por Prince, you shall not do wbilo I livo 1" eho wont on, with returning exoitoment. "I don't liko that Doctor Varlo of yours. Ho is a villain, a wretch I Ho iB capablo of anything. What havo you brought him horo for ?" Jasper was livid. His oyes fell. Ho could not look her in tho face. "You kuow what ho is horo for," ho answered, in thiok, sullon tones. " What is tho nsQ of going nil over that ground again ? Lob old Varlo olono, aud tell mo what is tho ono thing I shall not do wbilo ; you livo. Perhaps it.is something I don't want to do." Sho loaned toward him, ber splendid old faco blanching to deathly whiteness, her oyos seeming to smk in ucr head, ana too hand bUo! laid on 'bis shoulder shaking wltli nn awful and unnatural tremor. Jasper shrank, before that dreadful gazo. "Jaspor Prince," she said, in a curdling whisper, "If, by so muchias a hair's breadth you try. to hurry your brothor out of cxlst- oaco, bcioaro I From that moment I abandon you. I toll everything, I givo you back to the justice you havo bo often outraged —tho :priaon, whioh is tho only homo you can appreciate or desorvo." As she ceased speaking, she staggered a littlo, the hand which clutched his should or "< 1 l , N » l turned 'Icy, and the other fullered/ with a groping movement about tho bosom1 of her dress.! ' Sho foil forward horvily, leaning against him. | "' ",Anqthorattack!"hemuttcrod. He was all that sho had feahl— without honor,' without principle, almiat destitute of natural, affection, but ha could not quite stand still aud let his mothor die In his atma without lifting a band. Ho tried frantically for a moment to And tho littlo. vinl of drops Doctor Vaiio had given hor, .and which ho know sho kept about ; hor person, . .Then ho en' led out, hweely : ' ' " BorlO I" ' V' \- His lips had no time to 'close before tho dour of the dressing-room opened, and madam's eccentric and . lovely maid ap peared. - 8I10 sto'.d rogardiog him a momont fn con temptuous amazement. ' : : i What— again?" she exclaimed; And' going to.hii side, together . they 'placed the unconscious woman upon a lounge / Hullo sought, and. found la the bovom of madam's drois tho littlo vial, and proceeded to lot b few drops fall, us Doctor varlo had done, betweoa her ashy lips. . ,!' Thls te the- secoud tirao to-day, 'my friend " the said. " That Is very dnagorous. D > yoai want to kill your mothor J" Thero was no answer, - Site looked up at him.' "Wlmthas become of that ton thousand dollars your brothor gaVa you ?" sho asked. Jasper, turned cold. 41 Listening, woro yonT' ho. exclaimed, angrily. t > - " Of course," was tho cool rejoinder. " I warned yen, 1 don't intend that very much which decerns you shall go on in this hoise wi'.huut my knowing it. Hut I knew nbcot tii ) money before, Tbo first timo yon camo hero, after luavlog mo, you had your mother telegraph , to your brother and bring 1dm back item bis bridal tour to. get you that m inoy . Poor woman 1 how little she suBpoc- tcd, or ho, cither, that it was all a trick to get him in your powor." "It is alio! It was no trick. I was on tho samo train with him and Sibyl whon they started away again, it is true, and 1 was disguised, but 1 did not mako tho stnaih- ttp." . . Oh, no l" eho sneered ; " you only took advantage of it to come back hero with him, stuff tho tpoor fellow in a holo to dio, and hide Bick Halsey, tho forger, under hi) name." Jaspor grew livid. Bending down suddenly as sho knelt by the couob, he clenched his strong hand in tin inasseB of bur gllttorlug hair and forced hor head book till ho could look ber squaro in tho eyea. " i f you ever utter that namo ngaiuhoro ho hissod, " I will murder you." Belle laughed aloud. "All right," aho said. "Now you'vo tow mo, ion go ray itnir nau aaswur my question about the money." Jasper foil book with anoath. Madam Kuol was longer in coming out from tliis attack than she had been from the one in the morning. As ho released her, Hollo proceeded with th-j utmost coolness to let a couple moro drjpj fall from tho tittle vial, upon thoso locked white teeth. Her delicate, slender hand was as steady as bhuugh carved in :marblo;-.tho lovely, groeuish-groy oyes which watched thoso ashy lips never wavered from their task by so much as a'hair. i " (To bo Continued.) 