CENTRAL QOEEXSLAND FARMERS' AND SELBCTOBSr ASSOCIATION. The monthly meeting of tbe Central Queens land Farmers' and Selectors' Assocutiou was held at Mr. W. H. Stenlake's rooms, William street, oa Saturday afternoon. There were nine present, and Mr. J. OShanesy (President) waa in the chair. O0BBESPOSDENCE. : Among the correspondence were letters from Messrs. J. Murray and A. J. Callan, Mil Li, on the subject of tbe market, Mr. Murray stating he should be pleased to arrange an interview with the Rockhampton Municipal Council, Mr. Callan intimating that he had arranged with Mr. Murray that he (Mr. Murray) should take the matter in hand. The outward correspondence showed that since tbe receipt of these letters there had been a special ineetinc of the Association, at which, at tbe suggestion of Mr.* Murray, it was dedded the Secretary shonld write the Council, asking for an interview.— Tbe Secretaby (Mr. T. Wfaiteley) said he had written the Council, as directed, and had received a reply from the Town Clerk to the effect that the Mayor was absent from town, and that when he returned he {tbe Mayor} woold, so doubt, '. attend to the matter. He had seen tbe Town Clerk that morning, and that gentleman said he h-td heard the Mayor would be in Kock hatnpton on Monday, the 3rd instant. He (the Secretary) bad seen Mr. G. S. Curtis and Mr. W. St. John Harding, MM.L.A-, and they stated they would be pleased to do all they could. Mr. Curtis also'stated he should be only too glad to attend a meeting between the Council and representatives of the associa tion.— Mr. D. Whixelet moved that as soon as the Secretary received word from the Mayor appointing the meeting, he tele graph to tbe Central members in Brisbane who had been approached on tbe subject, asking them if they could make it convenient to attend. He said it would be understood, of course, that the association should wait on the Council without the members of Parliament if the Utter could not make it convenient to be present, because it was not desirable to lose any more time. — Mr. A. Klafroth seconded the motion, which was carried.— Mr. K. Adams : If there is a conference with the Council, what basis will it be held on ! We don't want it to be the same as when we went to Mr. CaUan. We expected to hear him speak ; but when we pot there we found we had to do all tbe speaking. A letter was also received from the Secre tary of the Rockhampton Agricultural Society, acknowledging receipt of the Society's intimation that the President and Sir. V. vt hiteley had been appointed to assist in collecfiogeibibits for a district collection to be sent to the show of tbe National Association in Brisbane in August, and stating the matter would be brought under the notice of his com mittee. -Tbe Secbei-arv said the Agricul t?raJ. Soci«y bail had a meeting, at which the President, Mr. D. Whitely. ind himself, were appointed to a committee to take the matter in hand. spaATlsn. The StCBETARV read the following paper on the subject of spraying :-Ihe system of spraying fruits, flowers, and vegetables with insecticides is almost unknown in this district, but from what I have read and from my sligbt knowledge by practice, I feel con firmed that it is a system on which we shall have to depend vary largely for relief from oar insect and fungus pesta. Owing to lack of information in cur own district we must of necessity look farther, for which I am chiefly indebted to the Agricultural Gazelle of Nvto South Wales, whilst some of the recipes for insecticides I have obtained from 'The Australian Fruit Cultorist,' by Mr. David A. Crichton. By spraying we do not merely mean the placing of the material on the plant?, but placing them there in the finest possible spray, thus making amail quantities do large areas, and consequently less ex pensive and at the same time reducing the risk of injuring the plants. X have sprayed twelve orange trees, not small ones either, with 1 oz. London purple, dissolved, or rather, mixed, in ten gallons of water. There are several methods of spraying ; the watering can, the syringe, and I have seen some of the old gardeners in the greenhouses in England get their mouths full of water and spray their plantB by blowing it between their Lips, a very laborious fashion I should imagine. These old time appliances, like hand, skimming, ate fast becoratning bo per - ceded by more improved machines of various kinds. The best of these is undoubtedly the fitraw8oniser,as it forces eithtrup or down, and is serviceable either for liquids or solids. The great drawback to this machine is the cost of it The New Sooth Wales Agricultural Gazette for October 189L says:— 'Its only draw back is Us high price, which according to countries varies from £35 to £45 each, so that it is altogether oat of the reach of a great many cultivators. Triple cyclone, ^ixon, Pet-morel and Baixies, are all highly recomcnded, and the various Agricultural papers advertise scores of others, A few months back X purchased from Sydney a Nixon, tripod climax, spraying pump with agitator attached, and 1 am very well pleased with the way in which it works. With regard to insecticides it is necessary to use judgment.' . Mr. A. H. Benson, in the Gazette, for October, 1892 Bays :— ' Paris green properly applied is one of the cheapest and most efficacious insecticides for the destruction of all insects feeding either on the leaves, or skin of fruit, or on the leaves or steins of such plants as cncmnb&xs.; pumpkins, melons, potatoes, tomatoes, cabbages, corn, tobacco, &c;, though owing to its extremely poisonous nature, it requires great care ana jadg tnent in its use, handling. And application the way of children and careless people.' Paris green is in the form of a very fine powder, which is insoluble in water, with which, however, it mixes ture is 'kept well stirred. The best way to tniv it is like mixing mustard, by placing the quantity required in a -vessel, and adding a Uttle water at a time, until thoroughly '»?'»** ; the quantity should not be more than one ounce to ten gallons of water. The following advice from the same work is well worth re peating. Never spray trees when in blossom, never spray when there is a hot burning Etm or a strong drying wind. Never spray within a month of using the fruit. Wear gloves when spraying if you have any sores on the bands. Take care that the spray blows away from the operator, so that be will not inhale It. Keep the poison under lock and key. Paris green does not kill by contact but must be eaten. last winter I used some London purple on some cabbages, expecting to see the grabs yield up the ghost nt once, and I must acknow ledge my disappointment when they did not do as I expected. Speaking of it at the Agri cultural conference held last August, Profes sor Sbelton told me it most reach the diges tive organs, and this brought to my memory the fact that a few days after using the poison my cabbages were perfectly clear from grabs. Paris green _ is used very ex* tentrfvely by apple growers as a preventive of the Codlin moth, and in my opinion it will be very beneficial in preventing the grab, which is so fond of our peaches, goavas, and other fruits. There are a great many recipes for insecticides, each as kerosene emul sion, resin and soda, soft soap and sulphur. Bordeaux mixture forfungus, and many others which I will give to any one who wishes to try them. Mr. David A. Crichton, givesa loiig list of insecticides in the third part of his work entitled *' The Australasian Fruit Cul tnrist.' From a pamphlet published by the New South Wales Agricultural Department, entitled the ' Brouzy Orange Bug,' I reap the following information : ' We find that Paris green, at the rate of £ oz. to a gallon of water and sprayed on the trees early in the morning, when the bugs are in the wingless state, will de ltroy them. Through the summer they hatch on the leaves, and the trees should be watched and sprayed directly they are visible. Two or three sprayings if taken in time will nl the trees of this pest. We will now take a short glance at some of the results of spraying. One gentleman speaks thus. X have a fine young apple orchard of fifty acres, all Kewtown pippins, immediately adjoining which, on the north side, is an older and much neglected orchard belonging to a neighbour. The old orchard has been badly infested with worms for many years, and until the present season the north half of my orchard has been practically worth less, the trees shedding their fruit in May and the early part of June, the little that remained being so wormy as to be largely unfit for market, whilst die south half lias borne fair crops comparatively free from worms. Soil, drainage, and other conditions being similar, I am constrained to the belief that the near proximity of the old and worm infested trees to the north side of my orchard is the cause of the difference above noted. Soon after the blossom fell, I began spray in c on the side nearest the old orchard, the machine working perfectly, the climax Dozzle breaking np the eolation into fine mist which completely enveloped the trees. Influenced to some extent by the scepticism of my neighbours, most of whom regarded the experiment as highly dangerous, and confess ing no small lack of faith myself, I regret to say I allowed other work on the farm to in terfere and never finished the spraying. With the mental reservation that should the heretofore barren north side where the poison had been applied do so well as the south, I would Bpray more thorongbly next year, I awaited the outcome with an indifference born of unbelief. Pleas 3 note the result. From the sprayed trees, not more than one third of the whole number, I gathered 1000 barrels of Al marketable fruit, so entirely free from worms that sorting was almost un necessary, while the remaining two-thirds of the orchard yielded 833 barrels of good fruit, quite one fifth of the apples on the nnsprayed trees being wormy and unfit for sale. The market price for apples in this section that Bcason was from 60 to 75 cents per barrel, one or two choice lots of Ben Davis and New York Imperial bringing np to one dollar, while my fruit sold in the orchard nearly a month before picking at 2 dollars 55 cents per barrel. I estimate the cost of failure to spray the whole orchard at 2500 dollars ; but consider the lesson cheap at the price, as I shall never have it to learn again, and I feel confident that, with ordinary care, no harmful results will follow the spraying,' It will no doubt be remembered that last year a ladybird destroyed nearly all the mango blossom in this district. Not satisfied with blossom, they attacked the young shoots in Mr. G. S. Jones's garden, and Mr. Siininous, who was in charge of them, asked me what to do with them. I recommended Paris green, in the proportion of loz. to ten gallons of water. Shortly after this I asked him the result, and he said he had completely cleared them oat; bat he had used it stronger than I said, u?ing only seven gallons of water instead of ten. I was speaking to Mr. Jones altoat it some tame after, and be told me that Mr. Sim mons had used it also on the persimmons, jriih the result that all the yonng fruit dropped off, and the trees got very sick on it ; but eventually got over it, showing very plainly that the mixture was too strong, and also the uecessity of great care and thought in using. I feel firmly convinced that there is great benefit to be derived from the system cf spraying. I may jost read the following extract from the last Gazette : *' As eliowing the growing interest amongst fruit- growers in connection with the damage done by insects and fanens pests, it may be noticed that something like 150 spray* ing machines have been sold by two of the principal firms of agricultural implement sellers in Sydney during the past twelve months, and there is a Large and increasing demand. This is mainly due to the action of the department in advocating the use of spray pnraps for applying the various remedies for insect and fungus pests recommended by its experts.' — A brief discussion followed, in the coarse of which the Secretary said his sprayer cost about £8, and the President mentioned tbat he had that morning bought a sprayer for £1 10a.; and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the writer of the paper. GENERAL. The Pmsidekt promised a paper for the next meeting, which is to be held on the 6th of August. Messrs. D. VYhitcley, A. Klaproth, and G. Jones were appointed a sab-committee to arrange for papers to be read at each meeting of the society for the remainder of the year. This was all the business. 