THE LABOUR TRAFFIC. An Interview with Mr Robert Louis Stevenson. [From tiie 'Presbyterian.'] ' Kanaka ' is wrong when used of the Melanesians, or black natives of the Western Pacific. It is a Poly nesian word and means ' a man. Dr. Codrington, ill his 'Melanesian Lan ? -' if manna lint SO much 'a mail, not a beast,' as ' a man, not a ghost.' Therefore I say ' The -Labor Traffic,' not ' The Kanaka Traffic.' I have the greatest difficulty in being satisfied with any possible supervision of the Labour Traffic by the Queens ion,! rSnvBrnmfint. for this reason': A ship arrives with a Government agent on board. In the Western Pacific Islands it is impossible that lie should know one language out of eighiy. Ho « can he tell whether these people come of free will or under club and cooking oven? He never can. As a matter of fact, if these people have consented at ? all. they have consented in the singular endeavour to save their lives. In the matter of their return they are as often as not (for a guess) returned to the wrong places, which involves death ; and which I believe no Government ?Agent is sufficiently well posted to pre vent. It is a common trick, when labor is wisnea to re-vuium,=ci, w bring up opposite an enemy's bay, and tell them they are to be landed there, and give them the choice of reinden turing. Nodoubt Government Agents at pn-sent prevent the hidtous abuses aboard ship that used to take place. in tne recruinng ana uie i above all on the Western Islands, where tho dialects are so much divided, I believe them to be helpless to inter vene for any good. So tar this sounds like a violent attack on the Labour Traffic. There are alleviating circum stances. in tne western j-swhus those who go as labour would in many cases be eaten if they stayed at home. T don t know if life is worth living, as people say nowadays. But if the choice were offered me between what is culled volunieering and being made collops or, I should have a try at tne volunteering. When the Duke of Athol raised his volunteers, a man saw a cart passing on the road and filled with men in shackles. He asked who these were, and was informed they were the Athol volunteers- Take again the case of the Gilbert Islands, which ? i:„„ ..l.nlo c.uonr. nf ., p ^-of atolls that runs athwart 'V0'' the south east to the north west. J. i/i.-,.. . ,nl T , -tlie Gilberts — (1) because 1 am best acij^ . ... them, and (2) because I think ] typical and to have an especial appeal to missionaries. An atoll is a very destitute soot. In the Gillx rts the inhabitants had taken refuge in laws against over-population. I have not my notes by me and cannot remember whether it was one or two children that were allowed to every 'couple. In some islands people were allowed to compound for a fine and to have more — probably a piece o£ sentimental ism But the purport of the legislation was plainly to keep down the crew. I use the word 'crew' with deliberation, because an atoll may be compared to a wrecked sMd. so scantv are its resources. Enter the missionaries. The first step has been to remove the check on population, and at the same time to minimise, and in some cases to delete entirely, capital punishment. Here, then, we have our wrecked hulk with an increasing population. When all goes well and the rain conies no hurt is felt. When we have a drought (bad as a drought must ever have been on an atoll) it has to lie faced nowa '''j' '? ' 'J — an — iHurctwing— pupuratiunr Now, here is the point where the Labour Traffic,' to nse the paltry words of the common advertisement, ' sup plies a long felt want.' I really dread to think what would become of those islander* if labour ships did not chance to conie round in times of distress. I mon 4-«ll ,™, ll.„ ? i„i: ? w.u.1, nig Hupuiui,iuii crowds on the recruiters, that it bb comes a delicate task to decide which are to be accepted and which refused ; which have a chance of reviving on the ship's diet, and which will only die on board and feed the fishes. I read a paper in the Antipodean by Sir Samuel Griffith, in which there was a lot of good sense. I quite agree with him that it was most desirable to avoid, if it can be avoided, a sedentary alien population . in Queensland. Surely, to be quite frank, we have here two fitting joints — Queensland requir ing temporary colored labor, and Is lands in the neighborhood being in such a position, whether from famine or war, that a certain proportion of their po pulation is immediately available. . And yet — and yet — there has probably never been any where in the world any thing more hideous than the labor traffic. I have been intimate with dozens ot blackbirders. I have read their stories, and I am only merciful to your readers in not repenting them. \- Can this traffic be called kidnapping ? I have already mentioned the case of the Athol Volunteers, but that is nearly the best of it. Take the case of the single Peruvian ship that went up through the Tokelaus and tho Ellices in the time of Dr. Turner. She pro ; oaoiyinmctecl more misery, ancl that in a:meaner manner, than any 50 slavers in the African trade. These unfor tunate people were decoyed on board under the pretence of missionary edu cation'. And when Dr. Turner wont round, lie found many of tho islands destitute of all adults, except tho aged. I had the favour of a sight of Dr. Turner's private notes and later on in one of the Ellices I met ail old white trader who had been the means of , saving Nukufetau from similar depo 1 pulatiou. , The coach had been blown from the king's door, tlie whole adult population was under ordors to oiub i rk, when this useful and unknown man smelt out J,he danger and deceived the rascals at the last moment. another point m answer to this question. I have talked continually with blackbirders. Continually they havebeon willing to tell me of kid napping in tho pnst, and I found this epoch to vary, not by tho years of the century, but by the years of my infor mant. .It was always paulo-past. I believe that, if to-morrow I were to find a blaokbirder of a still more recent generation, tho date would be brought still nearer down. I believo, in fact, that to-day, and possibly as wo sit here talking, unvizored kidnapping is being practised in the Islands. But this I do not know ; nor can anyone. I am ignorant of the New Hebrides. But from what I know of other islands and of human nature I believe that any race will be best civilised in situ. Apostles might be made on a foreign soil and under conditions of semiservi tude. But I never understood that apostles were common. And to raise the level of the mass, I am convinced that a slow movement at homo is the only means towards a good end. On the whole, the influence of whites on islnndors strikes me as far from bene ficial, and the more whites, the worse is the effect. A single trader, even the most atrocious scoundrel, is rapidly conquered by his medium, adopts Island civility and decorum, even if ho had none of his own when lie camo there. But so soon as the whites are in a consi derable body, the work of decivilisation tiroceeds merrilv. I said ' decivilisa tion,' but if you insist on it, I will say ' debarbarisatior.' At least, it is a process towards the worse. When the traffic was renewed, you say, the integrity, high character, and firmness of the Prime Minister, Sir Samuel Griffith, were held on every hand to be a sufficient guaranteo that abuses would not occur : but now Sir oamuel has retired from politics, and that sole guarantee is gone. You are touching thereon a point which makes the misery of my life. In every race to- day, and particularly in our own, there is a tendency to neglect lniiemea responsibilities. It is a very fine thing to be conscientious, but I refuse to be conscientious across my father's last will and testament. We inherit obli gations. We inherit wrongs, which are complicated with rights on the part of others. And we have to refuse the whole — ay, the whole down to 'our boots — or else accept, in the old civil law phrase, the universilas. Now, what I have put here as an inheritance from father to son, applies equally well in the inheritance of one Ministry from another. And who thinks of it? This man is greedy, the next is what they call conscientious. Both cry with tlie same voice, ' Down with the pledges of the past.' I am only too much afraid it will be so with Sir Samuel. If it is not, England and Europe had better go to study in the school of Queensland. What do. I mean by the greedy man and i,,.. conSoientious man? In thecase or- ^^ you seem t0 me to have both. The whole aw. r 0£ [re_ land is sickening to read. Bui fathers pledged us to the Ulster men, rightly or wrongly. And here we have greed on the on® side — I need not put a name on the greed; and conscientious ness on the otlier — because I believe Mr Gladstone to be a thoroughly conscien tious man, — after the pattern of Robespierre. 