THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. FRIDAY, December 15. The Speaker (Hon. J. Coles) took the chair at 10.30 a.m. SITTINGS OF THE HOUSE. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Mr. King- <*> Eton) moved—" That the House at his rising adjourn till 10.30 a.m. on Monday next, and meet at that hour from day to day for the remainder of the session." The desire of the Government was to rise at the end of the week bo as to allow country members to return to their homes before Saturday. Mr. MOTILE was willing to give the Government every assistance, but the motion went a little too far. Country members could not reach town by 10.30 on Monday morning. He moved to strike out "10.30 sl-to." with a view of inserting "2 p.m.," and to strike out all the words after " Monday next" The Hon. A. CATT thought 10.30 on Mon day was altogether too early. They were already sitting longer than any House should ait, and it was not fair to the officials. The amendment should be accepted by the Government. " The ATTORNEY- GENERAL would move the motion in its amended form. The motion was carried in its amended form. Mr. GILBERT asked if it was the intention of the Government to ask the House to sit that evening 1 The ATTORNEY-GENERAL—I do not think so. Mr. MOULE asked if the Attorney-General could answer the question definitely yes or no? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, said he would rather not give a definite answer. PINNAROO RAILWAY BILL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in answer to Mr^GBAOHiEB, said the Government in tended going on with the Tailem Bend to Wow Wow Plains Railway Bill this session. THE LAND BILL. Mr. SHORT asked the Attorney-General when he was going to give the House an oppor tunity of considering the amendments to the Land Bill? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the first duty of the Government was to send up such measures as they wished the Legislative Council to consider and deal with this session, VERMIN DISTRICTS BELL. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL, in answer to the Hon. G. C. Hawker, said it was the intention of Government to go on with the Vermin District Bill this session. THE FINANCES OF THE COLONY. Mr. BARTLETT asked if it was the inten tion of the Government to go into recess before the fina.T)ria.l position of the colony was improved! The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the Government would adept whatever steps were reasonable in connection -with the financial position of the colony. Mr. BROOKER, following up the question of Mr. Bartlett, asked if the Government would compel members to attend more regularly' to the business of the House 1 ■■ ■ The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the Government were not disposed to complain of the attention members had given to the busi ness of the House, and they were satisfied that the moral compulsion now existing was suffi cient. . The TREASURER, in reply to Mr. McDosald, said it would still be necessary to take. £15,000 off the Estimates to make the accounts balance, but whether it came off the road vote or some othervote was for the House to decide. The TREASURER, in reply to Mr. Gradhseb, said as half the year was gone it would be impossible to raise additional revenue to the amount of £15,000. The TREASURER, in reply to Mr. • Gilbert, said if they reduced the railway vote by £15,000 it would only be a paper "reduc tion, so that it had better come off the road vote. PRINTING COMMTTTE'S REPORT. Mr. CALDWELL, in moving that the 13th j*port of the Printing Committee be received and read, called attention to the report of the South Australian Railway Commissioners and stated that the committee considered that there was matter included in that report that .could be dispensed with and they would advise the Commissioner of Public Works to confer with the Railway Commissioners in order to see that the report was reduced in future by omitting matters of an unnecessary character. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Mr. Holder) said members would notice that from the report this year was ex cluded a great deal of matter that had appeared previously. Hehadsought inevery possible way to diminish the cost of the printing and dis tribution of the report and lie did not think that any portion, of the report could now be dispensed with. Carried. EARTHSCOOPS. Mr. WOODssked—"L By whose instruc tions were two earthscoops made at the ways and ■* works shops, Glanville, under the resident engineer? 2. What was the total cost of TTifl.lrmg and fiving" these TT^g.f?Viinpg at Eudunda or other places 2 3. How much work was per formed by these Ecoops ? 4. What has become of snch scoops? 5. Is it true they have been sold for old iron ; if so, who is responsible for Euchlossf ' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOKS answered — The Railway Comniis- Bioners report as follows: —" 1. The Engineer^ in-Chief. 2. The net cost of these scoops was \ £22 12s. lOd.; they were not fixed. 3. Only a small amount. 4. Their material was used up 'in other work. 5. No." ACCIDENTS ON THE PORT LINE. Mr. McGIT.T.TVRAY aaked-Seeing the sacrifice of life that has taken place through the trains running through the streets at Port Adelaide, is it the intention of the Govern ment to take such action as will prevent the trains running at such a high rate of speed as has been allowed in the past? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS replied—The Railway Commis sioners report as follows:—"The recent accidents have in no way resulted from any -neglect: on the part ofj the department or its • servants. The speed is not excessive, and in our optnionjany alteration will be complained of by the travelling public." PINNAROO BAILWAY BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. Mr. O'LOUGHLIN regretted that the Bill bad not been brought before them sooner, so that they might have had a better opportunity of discussing it The matter was well before the constituents at the last elections, and he promised bis constituents that he would ' visit the country in question, and that it would have to be very good country indeed to induce him to go for a railway. Tne House gave him an opportunity of visiting Pinaroo ■with other members, and they first inspected the mallee country in Victoria. The mallee there was of the same description as'at Pinaroo, but the soil was slightly different. The farmers were doing exceeding well considering the low prices, as daring the last three or four years they had reaped three to four bags to the acre. 'The heart of the country was tapped by a light railway which cost £2,600 a mile. The .country was cleared at a cost of from ss. to 7s. per acre by breaking down the mallee in the spring or winter and burning it off in the fol lowing summer. (Mr. Butler —"la the Pin naroo country as good?") He believed that a .good portion of it was as good. He had had con siderable experience in scrub farming, and in his opinion a great portion of the Pinnaroo country was as good as the Victorian mallee 'country. The area of good land in the four \- "hundreds was1 not so large as the report . .of the land board had led them to expect, land 'he was doubtful whether the white sandhills ■would grow wheat. Altogether they .'were •about 220,000 acres of good agricultural land in these hundreds, and he thought they were 'justified in Baying that there was another J50,000 acres outside the hundreds. This /area he believed amply justified the .building of the 65 miles of railway v'which would tap the Pinnaroo country. 'The Railway Commissioners iv their estimate .'only dealt with the traffic from Wow Wow Plains to Tailem Bend, and not for the whole distance to Port Adelaide. If the railway were constructed it would bring traffic on the -, rail way line from Tailem Bend to Port Ade ,laide, and that must be taken into considera : tion. He had a number of figures, and in the : -making of estimates which he would give to j. the House he had made a liberal allowance for \-- expanses. Now taking that one third of the \ estimated good land would lie under crop that would give 90,000 acres. A low average estimate of six bushels to the acre for export at the existing rate of carriage from Wow Wow Plains to Port Adelaide would give ■a return of £10,125. Other traffic returns and passengers would yield say a third of the :;above, namely, £13,466 16s. Allowing one •lalf for working expenses left a balance of :£1>,733 Bs. Taking that with the rent , -of the land, some of which had ' already been fixed by the land board ,at 4d. per acre, but taking it at 3d. per .acre 27,000 acres would give £3,375. The 'rent of land for grazing purposes and second class lands would yield £300, a total of £10,408 Ss. Taking the interest on capital at ■ about £0,000, thatleft a balance to the good of £4,408 Bs. About 300 families would be put on jthe land who would be] engaged in agriculture, whilst a good many others would be em ployed in other ways. As this country ■was absolutely useless without a rafl . way, and would and could not be utilised otherwise, members had to consider what was the best thing to do. They had already spent a considerable sum of money on this country. The amount of about £3,000 had been spent on survey, including the railway survey. They had spent thousands of pounds in payment for improvements. These would become abso lutely useless if nothing were done. The country could never be used for pastoral purposes until it had been made into fanning country. With the present low prices of wheat farming could not be. made- to. pay in South Australia- un less there was new country into which the people could go. Wild oats and weeds made farming very difficult in the old country, and unless there was new land on which the people could go wheatgrowing must be a failure in South Australia. Let them therefore open up new country at Pinnaroo, on the west coast, on the Murray, at Wilpena, in the north, and everywhere where it could be found. America and the rest of Australia were doing this, and to maintain the race we must do the same. At Pinnaroo there was tairly good soil with an assured average rainfall of 14 inches, and he earnestly trusted that as the country «>uld be opened with so little expenditure that it would be done at once and that the railway would be constructed. Mr. ASH rose to support the second reading of the Bill, and his only regret was that he had to do so at so late a stage of the session. The coantry was in his own district, and for that reason he would not speak at length on the subject but would leave that toother members. As the land was in his own district it was as well that he was not on the Commission which reported on the country, so that he could not be charged with favoring his own district. At various times since 1800 this country had been brought prominently under his notice, and he bad had ample opportunities of gaining- information about it. He had come to the conclusion that this country was worthy of development, and that in order to do that a railway should be constructed from Tailem Bend. He waa sure that Tailem Bend would bu a better place from which to begin the line than Coonalpyn, although that waa certainly not the desert place tliat it was often represented to be. The cost of carriage of wheat to Coonalpyn would, however, be too great. Without a railway the country would be use less, for in that case small pastoralists would go there and probably starve, and pos sibly a few fanners would go there and get nothing for their pains. Many farmers had gone to the country who had had considerable experience of the mallee lands in Victoria, and had tboroughty inspected -and had pro nounced a favorable opinion upon it. If the railway was to stop at Wow Wow for the present the Government would be justified if their expectations were realised in two years carrying the lino to the Victorian border. Over the border there was a large quantity of wheat grown and more would be grown, and of the total a considerable portion would jiass over the South Australian lines to" Port Adelaide, which was nearer the country than Geelong. There was some dispute asjtothe rainfall, hut it seemed strange thatin a locality so near to Bordertown, which was flooded every year, there should be practically no rainfall. Farmers and others who knew the country had told him that the rain fall was estimated at from 13 to 17 inches a year, and that ought to be sufficient. Even the white sandhills would not be worthless, and they might turn out to be more profitable than the wheat land. In the desert the sand country was of two qualities. In one part it rested directly on limestone and in the other on red clay, and there was a great difference between the two. In one part nearly all kinds of fruit trees would grow, but in Uie other they would not. Although there was no hope of good grazing land being discovered or manufactured there was a possibility when the settlement was established of the at present unutilised and presumably worthless land being used for fruit growing or some other purpose. He would support the Bill. Sir. GILES regretted that the Government were not able to bring the Bill forward earlier so as to avoid placing mem bers in an awkward position. He had had no wish to oppose the second reading, because he hoped the committee would be able to amend the measure so that when the Go vernment received a third of the cash for the sale of land they might begin the construction of the line. Until something more certain was known of the land rental he would not feel justified in supporting the line. They knew that rentals very often did not come in, and Mr. O'Loughlin had shown thait the greatest benefit to be received from the land was £3,000. (Mr. O'Loughlin—" And £6,000 from the railway.") They would lose over £3,000 each rear in interest. If it could be shown that the Government would get that money out of the line .he would feel more justified in going for the railway. He con gratulated the Commissioner of Public Works on being the first Commissioner to bring forward a proposal to construct a railway on the cheap principle. Last year an amended motion of his was carried for the collection of informa tion, and apparently the Government were so satisfied with the information which had been gathered that they felt fully justified in voting for cheap lines. In his evidence given to the Port Germeiii Railway Commission the Engi neer-in-Chief said the" Rail way Commissioners would in no way consent to cheap lines, but he was glad to find they had consented to the con struction of this line. There were many 2>arts of the colony in which cheap lines could be constructed very profitably, be cause apart from affording- cheap means for the transit of produce the Government could save a large sum every year iv connection with the road vote. This year Parliament was voting £80,000, _ and even more than that should be provided for the residents of dis tricts where there was no railway communica tion and bad roads. Cheap lines were being constructed in all parts of the world, and if the line iv question could be constructed on the broad gauge for the rate mentioned, lines to feed the narrow-gauge system could be constructed at much smaller cost. The line was to be 64 miles in length, but he thought if it was to be built it should go 25 miles further, because it was no use thinking farmers could profitably cart wheat 15 or 20 miles over sandy country End then have to pay carriage to Port Adelaide. The line would lead to nowhere, and the traffic itwouldhavetodependuponwouldbelocaL He did not see how they were going to grow wheat there and make it pay, because a lot of cartage would have to be done in every case. It was only a question of a few years when the people who went there would find they had been working at a loss. They could not depend upon wheat alone, and the country was not good for sheep, because water had to be lifted from such great depths. He took a great deal of trouble in getting in formation about cheap railways, and now that the Government had agreed to cheaper lines being constructed there were many public works in South Australia which would pay, because all the old calculations were based on the old system of expensive railways. A railway of that description to the Murray Flats would enable the farmers there to make a good living, while the Angaston line should be built even on the old system of expensive railways. Undoubtedly a line from Port Germein'to Orroroo would pay, and the Commissioner of Public Works in speaking to a depu tation on the subject said:—"He knew the railway would tend very materially to the development of the producing interests in those districts. He was hardly able to credit the statement that one-seventh of the wheat produce of the colony came from the districts they represented until he had checked the figures and found them correct. He was bound to say that if the financial condition of the country and of the money market was such as it had been in the not very distant past he would have urged on his colleagues the ad visability of waking this work one of the earliest be done, as he knew of no work more likely to tend to the development of the country in the near future than the one they had brought under his notice." The SPEAKER—The question of the Port Germein and Orroroo railway is not before the House. Mr. GILES was arguing that other railways should be constructed, and that they could not properly consider the matter unless they knew if other.lines would pay. Oue of the great difficulties they had to deal with was their scattered population, which meant great ex pense in the management of the county. If people were more together and produced more on their present holdings, which they could do, South Australia would soon turn the corner. Members of the committee who had seen the country were correct in saying that there was land there that could be farmed, but they should remember that there was a great deal of clearing to be done, which was an expensive luxury, as Pinnaroo was too far away for people to send the wood to market. They nugbt sell the land at 10s. per acre cash, making a distinct agreement with the farmers who (purchased that they should have a railway, but 4 it was unfair to ask the farmers in other districts to run the risk of further taxation because of a railway which would be a speculative one. (The Commissioner of Crovm Lands—" You want to injure them more by making them pay cash.") The farmers who went on the Fiunaroo land should be able to pay part of the money in cash before the railway was constructed. The farmers in the north who had paid for their land had to cart their wheat, as a railway was denied them, for the purpose of settling people at Pinnaroo. That was very unfair. He re gretted he could not support the BilL Mr. GILBERT said it seemed to him that at that Lite period of the session there was not time to consider a new railway scheme on the scale proposed. There was a concensus of opinion that the laud inspected by the com mittee although fairly good was patchy. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands—" Some of the best mallee land I liave seen anywhere. ") There would be a great difficulty in getting men to go there and take up land without capital, and he did not think capitalists would be in clined to go. Mr. Handyside had stated that the country was splendid for wool growing, but he had heard that squatters would not go there. (Mr. Bartlett—"You dear that land, and it would carry a sheep to two acres.") That showed him that there could not be much first-class land in it. Unless they could be confident of getting a good return they wore not justified in expending £150,000, and they had no justification for thinking they would get interest on their outlay. It was estimated by the Government that they could sell the land for as much money as the railway would cost, but he wanted to know what had been brought forward to prove (that. .(The Commissioner of Crown Lands —"If we sell half the hind at the prices fixed by the Land board it would pay for the railway.") He thought the Commis sioner of Crown Lands was -very sanguine to expect to sell half the land for I enough to pay for the cost of the railway. He was glad to hear that cheap railways were pro posed, as that was an experiment'in die right direction, but he had been informed by a member of the committee that to enable the land to be properly utilised the terminus of the railway must be taken 15 miles further than | was proposed. That point should bo settled j before the Bill was passed. It was unwise to I sanction the expenditure proposed now, i although in the future, perhaps, a railway might be built and men might get j a good living there. It was folly to encourage people to spend their little savings there without any prospect of success. It would be well for the Government to allow the matter to stand over until next session as nothing would be lost by the delay, and they would get further information. "Hasty legislation in the past had led to the squander ing of a great deal of the public money. Air. BUTLER had had great difficulty in making up his mind, but after looking at the matter from all standpoints he would support the Bill. He did not agree with his colleague that they had only meagre information, as no public work had been brought before the House for many years concerning which more careful enquiry had been made. They bad a report by the land board, and not satisfied with that they appointed a committee from the House composed of men who had a practical knowledge of agricultural land to visit Pinnaroo, and the conclusion he had arrived at had been largely assisted by members of the committee. Air. O'Loughlin had been engaged in agricultural pursuits all his life, while Mr. McLachlan was just as strongly impressed with tho desirability of making the railway. That gentleman had been a fanner for the last 30 or 40 years. Wlieatgrowing did not re quire a very heavy rainfall except durinjr a \ part' of the year, and at Pinnaroo the rain fell principally during the last six months. If it was anything like 14 inches it would be ample. In Victoria the mallee country before it was cleared only fetched -jVth of a penny for pastoral purposes, and if the best of our mallee land was anything like that of Victoria they need have no fear about passing the railway. He believed all practical farmers who had seen the country pronounced it fit for agriculture. In his own district many farmers' sons had visited Pinnaroo with the intention of taking up land. The £3.000 or £4,000 alread3" expended in surveying the country was absolutely thrown away unless the Bill was passed. Apart from the produce to be carried on the proposed line, there would be the addi tional traffic on the line from Tailem Bend and the city, and if they could bring 12,000 tons of stuff over the portion already built it would add some £6,000 to the railway revenue, at 10s. a ton on 80 miles. Deducting £2,000, this would add_ £4,000 to the revenue. Apart from the suitability of the kind for agriculture, the clearing and the burning of the mallee would enable it to carry five times the amount of stock, which would fatten readily. If the line could be built for £1,500 to£2,"000 a mile he heartily approved of its construction. Mr. "RIDDOCH had hoped to be able to support the Bill when it was stated that some 500,000 acres would be available for agriculture Iby its means hereand in Victoria. Unfortunately it was now apparent that barely 250,000 acres would be served, while it was not proposed to extend the line to near the Victorian boun dary. The Pinnaroo district had a very diffe rent climate from the rest of the south-east; at Bordertown he had seen the thermometer at 120' in the shade of a broad verandah. It was estimated that the line would cost £138,000, and with rolling-stock £150,000, and even if the sanguine expectations of the Railway Com missioners were realised it would result in a loss. It would take a considerable time to bring the land under cultivation. On a block of 1,000 acres the cost of rolling and burning the scrub would be 7s. an acre, and the fencing would come to about £250. Water was a great difficulty, and the cost of obtaining- it would not be less than £250 to £300. Then there were | the farm buildings and altogether £1,100 or £1,000 would havo to le expended to put the, place in working order. Wheat at the present i prioe scarcely paid under the most favorable conditions and as far as he could see it would, after allowing for the cartage to the sealioard, leave not the barest allowance for lalxir at Pinnaroo. He did not think the prospect of j developing an area of 250,000 acres -was suffi- i cient to justify the Government in construct ingthe line. The Hon. A. CATT thought it would have been better if the question had been left for discussion next session, vrheu the House would have fuller information at its disposal. He believed the report of the Select Committee which visited Pinnaroo was a faithful one, but at the same time he v.-as not prepared to go in! for an expensive line of railway to opea up this small piece of country. Until they had received the report of the Railway Commis sioners on cheap railways he did not think they should deal with the proposed railway. They had a report from the Engineer-ui-Chief, a mast meagre and unsatisfactory one, which gave hon. members little or no information, and they wore asked ou that report to deal with this important question. The cheap railways of the world were not in France or in England, but in Austria, Hungary, and America, and they had no report before them upon any of these countries. (Mr. Giles— "There is one in France.") Iv Austria- Hungary, and some parts of Prussia also, they had narrow-gauge railways laid down at about £600 per mile. Some time ago he, had had an opportunity of seeing the carriages run upon these lines, and they were in every way suitable to rail ways like our own. Then again- in America they had a number of very cheap lines laid doivn, and before dealing with this question hen. members ought to have informa tion regarding these lines. He regretted that with the meagre information at present avail able he should have to vote against the Govern-1 ment proposals. If something had to be done j it would be far better to lay down a cheap line of tramway and let the farmers work it with their own horses. It seemed to him that this was a place where an experiment of that nature could well lie tried. He should like to know from the Treasurer where he proposed to get the necessary money from in the event of the House sanctioning the proposal. Upon the grounds he had indicated, and not because he did not think the country worth developing, he would have to oppose the motion. Mr. CALDWELL said that since he had been in the House no proposal had ever been brought forward which had so little to recom mend it as the construction of this railway. He had been over the western fringe of this country, and therefore was qualified to express an opinion on it. Ho had seen the land board j on their first visit there, and had also had a conversation with Mr. Coplev when that gentleman had returned from there. One of] the most competent judges of hind had told him there was some good scrub country there, I but the scrub land there was not half so good as some lands nearer the Murray. The soil near Ned's Corner was of a superior quality, and under irrigation there was no! reason why these lands should not be turned to much better account. As far as keeping sheep was concerned, that was equally unprofitable in both instances. There was no reason why this railway should be constructed at the pre sent time. Every bushel of wheat exported at less than 4s. a bushel was exported at a loss. At a period when our produce was not fairly valued in the market it was unwise to force a greater area of land under cultivation. He hoped the Attorney-General would devise! some means to remove the causes which were now operating so harshly against the producer. Taking the figures presented to the House by the Commissiouer of Public Works, who stated that the construction of the line would result in a loss of £2,300 per year, he maintained there was nothing to warrant any hon. member tfJio desired to see economy practised in voting for the BilL Mr. HANDYSIDE wished to see the Bill fret into committee. _ The Commissioner of i Public Works in moving the second reading I had impressed him as being very lukewarm! upon the subject of this railway. That gentle man had given a very meagre account of the scheme, and had not shown any groat benefits which would be derived by the construction of the line. There was no doubt the Railway Commissioners had gone very carefully into their estimate as to what were likely to be the returns from the line if con structed. The estimate that only 220,000 acres would be put under cultivation was a very low one indeed. There was very good Jand in the locality referred to, and the reason it was deserted was on account of the low prices ruling for produce. This country would grow wool, although periiaps the fleece was a little lighter. He quite admitted, however, that a person could not keep stock on it to advantage for more than 12 months. The only wa3' to settle this country was by opening it up. At the very low estimate put on it this land would return a rental of £3,000, and there was noi doubt if the railway was built that people would take up the outside country. The land -would not be expensive, and farmers could take it up on the co-operative principle. He was sure that two members of the com mittee were afminst the construction of the railway. Mr. Warren had not seen the Vic torian country, and therefore could not judge properly, nor was Mr. White able to form a j proper opinion. They should not have given their opinions without proper knowledge. The I Downer Government had promised this rail-1 way, and he hoped that the promise! would be carried into effect. If the country were opened with a railway many people would settle on it. The Downer Irovemment had taken action with regard to well- sinking, but the present Government had done nothing of the sort He thought that members would find that this railway would be a profit instead of a loss. The Pinnaroo land had a great advantage over the Warrack nabsal and other Victorian country owing to the fact that the water could be so readily obtained at Pinnaroo by sink ing. The rainfall at Pinnaroo was better than that at Warracknabeal, where they had from 10 to 14 bushels in one year when they only had a rainfall of i) in. Pinnaroo was much uearer the market than Warracknabeal, and tliat was a. <great advantage. If the country was thrown open there would lie 1,500 people on the land within a yeat, and he heartily sup ported the second reading. The COMMISSIONER of CROWX LANDS, in reply, would refer to some of the criticisms passed oil die Pimiaroo country. Mr. Caldwell had said tliat there were plenty of Murray lands that were better than the Pinnaroo country. He hoped that there were, and that the hon. member knew tliat from personal knowledge. In reply to Mr. Catt, he would point out that the tramway would be one of the cheapest ever made, and he had the assurance of the Commissioner of Public Works that his estimate would be realised. Mr. Riddoch spoke as a practical man, but he did not know if he had had experience as a scrub farmer, and he would point out as to the heat that many of the young men of South Australia would be quite willing to bear any heat that there might be in the Pinnaroo country. Taking 11,000 tons at 10& a ton, that meant that the Railway Commissioners would receive £5,500 for freight to Port Adelaide, and that would mean about £3,200 towards paying iko extra wear and tear. When the Commission was in the Pimiaroo country they met some Victorian formers, ?;bo said they would be glad to take 500 acres each of the country, and two South Australians \yhom they had met had ex pressed the same wish. Mr. Gilbert had said that the squatters would not take the country, but that was no argument against the land being taken by farmers, as the, experience of the Hon. G. C. Hawker had shown. Though the land might not l>e profitable for sheepfarni ing it would be of service for agriculture. Nearly all of them would lie men of limited means, and they would require all of their money to secure stock and to improve their holdings in the first place. The object should be to place them on the land at the lowest possible cost and on the easiest terms. Mr. Giles did not think it would be advisable to build the railway because the land would not stand cropping for more than a year or two ; but the hon. gentleman did not use the name argument in touaeetioa with the Bouleroo country and the Germein railway. The Parliamentary party travelled 313 miles over the Pinnaroo country, and saw a very largearea, of which he was convinced that over 200,000 acres was as good mallee land as could be found in Australia. At least 220.000 acres would be taken up within a few months of the time the land was thrown open, and apart from that about a quarter of a million acres would soon lie settled between Pin naroo and Taileni Bend. While in Vic toria the party met a number of old South Australian farmers, who said they were anxious to get back to South Australia, and a gentleman who was residing: in Victoria had written a very encouraging letter to him stating that many of the farmers on the Vic torian side of the border desired to settle on the Pinnaroo country because it was good and because they preferred the South Australian laws. If the House passed the Bill there would never be cause for regret, as there was no doubt a large number of people would soon be profitably and permanently settled there. First-class writer could be obtained at from ISO to 2?9_ ft, and the Government pro posed sinking wells a few miles apart to provide the settlers with water. The building of the railway would be the means of giving many young men who were looking for land an opportunity of settling down instead of going elsewhere, and he be lieved it would pay remarkably well from the start At the Pinnaroo head station there was a block which had been cropped for 13 years, and the last harvest gave a ton of hay to the acre. If land would grow- crops for 13 years in succession and give a yield like that it was proof against the assertion of some that the country was not good. He hoped the House would pass the Bill and that the line would soon be negun- Mr. BLACKER said as one of the Parlia mentary party who went to Pinnaroo he felt bound to say something in justification of his intended action. After the party visited the Victorian country they returned to Coonalpyn and proceeded to Garra and the hundred of Colton. At 1 o'clock p.ni. the sitting of the House was suspended for one hour. On resuming. Mr. BLACKER said the party inspected the hundred of Colton well, aud so far as he could see there was not an area of 10 acres tit for agricultural uses. On ttfe nay from Garra to Piunaroo there was a much larger area of inferior than good lsnd, but tliree-fourtbs of the hundred of Pinnaroo land was wry good. The party made an extensh'e examination of that country, and the general idea of the hundred was that the laud was good. Some Victorian fanners who were met on the land were of the same opinion. In the hundred of Parilla the party noticed that the bulk of the land was not Jit for farming. In the hundred of Bews, round the Wow Wow Plains, the country was really good, and even without a railway lie believed it would be taken up were it thrown open. To the north, how ever, the land depreciated in quality. The narrow flats and sandhills might grow crops in the opinion of some, but he thought if the hills were cultivated the wind would blow the sand down and .spoil the flats. If the railway were built there undoubtedly would be a large amount of cartage to do until the line v.-as taken much further in the country. In some cases the cartage would be about 30 miles. Generally speaking he did not think there was nearly so much as 200,000 acres that would grow crops. If a line was to be constructed, Tailem Bend would be the best starting place, but when there was so much other land in different parts that could !*e made available, it was madness to think of building the railway. There were farmers who were ready to jump the good blocks, and if that weredone what would be done with the other land. It would be leftunoccupied. Most of the land in the hundred of Pinnaroo and Wow Wow Plains was good, but most of the rest was poor miserable country. That was the opinion, too, of a number of farmers from Victoria who had seen the land since the Com mission. Before a railway was constructed they should open up the west coast and Murray lands aiid let the people go there. If the people started on the Murray lands they could gradually work towards Pinnaroo, but they would have to grow other things than wheat, as at present prices that would not pay. He was sorry lie had to oppose the Bill, but he felt that to be Jus duty. Mr. BARTLETT was one of the party who had visited Pinnaroo. _ They inspected first the Victorian lands so that they could compare our lands with them. He was pleased at the progress made with Victoria during the last few years on land not a bit better than Pin naroo. Towns had sprung up and substantial railways had been laid without ballast at a much cheaper rate than any railwayc in South Australia. He met several people whom he had known in South Australia, and they said they would willingly give up their Victorian holdings when Pinnaroo lands were ready for settlement. They wanted the land sun-eyed in suitable blocks, and in that case would take the laud up at once, risking the construction of the railway. That spoke volumes fcr the excellence of Pinnaroo. He was very pleased to hear the speech of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and it was evident he was the right man in the right place. He wished past 'Commissioners had taken the same interest in opening up the country. At Pinnaroo they all came to the conclusion that the land was fit for agricultural settlement,' and tliat a railway should be made. Therefore he was surprised to hear Mr. Blacker, who must have forgotten the good land they had seen. In Pinnaroo there was first-class country with fine timber as well as outside the hundred. Mr. Poynton and himself outside the hundred came to a pinery the trees in which were as large as any pine trees he had seen in South Australia. Mr. Poynton climbed one that he was sure was 60 ft. high. They travelled many miles on horseback, and zigzagged the country, all tlie hind being thoroughly examined. At Parilla tliey found lasd almost as good as Pinnaroo, while in the hundred of Bews and at Wow Wow Plains there was strong land capable of growing good wheat crops. All round those plains were lands covered with large mallee, wliich when cleared would grow good crops. This was as good if not better than the plain country, while even in the sand hills there was a good clay subsoil. All that sandy country also grew fine wattles, and he did not think that wattles grew on poor hungry soiL That fact induced him to think that the g-indhills would grow two or three wheat crops, and afterwards dense grass for sheep. Mr. Blacker had said there was a lot of the low scrub land! that would not grow wheat, but he could assure the House that the sur face where that scrub grew was a sandy loam with a good red day subsoil. In places there were a few wheat patches, and he heard tliat that wheat had come to maturity and was a spendid sample. So he maintained that on 2,000 acres of such country a man could do well with sheep and wheat, as if cleared the hind would carry a sheep to two acres. Farmers thus would be able to make a fair living. It -,vas a pity the hundred of Cotton had been surveyed, as the country was not worth it, but there were some nice spots of land along the route by which they came back. The deepest wells at Pinnaroo were 200 ft., but in the country towards Tailem Bend there had been no trials. The sinking there would be shallower. The average depth of water from the Victorian border to Tailem Bend would not exceed 60 or 70 ft. If the House decided for a railway or tramway the Government should pnt down a double of wells in each hundred. Tliat would give an ample supply for all requirements. He was struck with the appearance of the " Moorland " country; it was very good open scrub land. If the House could not grant a railway to Wow Wow it should at any rate go to Moorlands woolshed. He thought the land would warrant the construction of the railway to Wow Wow, as there is excellent laud on the Victorian side, but as there was no security that the Victorian trade would come our way he would suggest opening it by a tramway with a 4-in. T iron half an inch thick laid with light sleepers and a light class of trucks. The tram could be laid for one-tenth of the cost of a railway. In America they had opened up quantities of land with trams on only wooden rails. He was surprised that the Government should be surveying land at Pinnaroo when there was excellent land ready to be opened up on the Murray. There was something very crooked about it aIL Mr. Warren, M.L.C., when on the committee never said he was going to oppose the railway, although he advocated a tramway, and he was surprised that the hon. member should have turned about in the way he had done. Mr. Giles also had thrown all kinds of obstacles in the way of settlement ; it seemed as though all these men who have far more land than they should have were anxious that no one else should get any. Mr. Riddocb, too, who held land that would support 500 families, was of the same opinion. The scrub would not cost beyond 2s. or 2s. Cd. per acre to roil, and the burning would cost nothing but a match. Did the hon. member fear that these farmers would be able to send fat sheep to the market and so compete with him? Mr. Handyside had given a good honest opinion, and he was very glad to see he was coming round to the farmers' side. He believed when the cock spurs were abolished the sheep on Pin naroo would be as healthy as auywhere else. It would be far better for the State to throw open all the available lands for settlement, and, if necessary, to provide them with imple ments, seed wheat, provisions, &c;, or even to pay them for going upon the land. He would vote for the second reading of the measure. llr. LANDSEER said frequently a branch railway paid better than a trunk line. He had always looked forward to Pinnaroo as a suitable place for settlement. The Govern ment in their zeal had not given members time to make themselves intimate with the subject. He would support the Government, but would have liked the surveys on the river to have been more carefully looked into. The sooner this land was settled the better. It seemed as if obstacles were always thrust in the way of any Commissioner of Crown Lands who desired to open up new country. He trusted the Bill would pass. Mr. MOULE said that Mr. Handyside had raised the question of the sincerity of the Government in this matter. That gentleman had stated that if the Government were sincere at any rate they were only half-hearted with regard to the measure. He had hoped that when the Commissioner of Public Works spoke on the subject he would have rebutted the charge, but strange to say that gentleman had taken no notice of the remarks made by Mr. Handyside. As a member of the late Govern ment,*which first proposed the line under con sideration, he was specially entitled to be heard. There was a little preliminary work to be done by any Government before asking the House to commit the country to any expendi ture for the construction of a line. It was necessary that the country through which ths proposed line was to pass should be suitable, and it was also neces sary to have a sufficient rainfall. They knew about the rainfall and about the country, hut they did not know about the water. They gave instructions about potting down wells, but for some reason the work was not done. The passing of this Bill would open up the country, to develop the resources, and to give work to the unemployed. There should be further development in order to avoid fresh taxation. The Government seemed to be half-hearted about the matter. A number of members had criticised the soil, but unless people had considerable experience in scrub country they hardly knew its capabilities. There was what seemed to be a poor scrub at Streaky Bay, but Mr. Benson had tried and had got 15 bushels. A tramway to carry the same load would cost almost as much as a railway. Tramvfays were very bad if the traffic was to be continuous. An engine was cheaper than horses, and the speed was much greater. During the whole time that lie had been in the colony he had never known a more prosperous time than when new country was being opened up. The land should be settled in order to make the colony go ahead. The Government to which he had belonged had not proposed the line as a sop to anyone. The Railway Com missioners expected a revenue from the line of £6,000, and that there would be a direct loss of £2,500 a year. But they must consider the in direct revenue as weU, and that would no doubt be considerable. There would be £100,000 additional money in the colony, and that would be an advantage. The late Govern ment believed that the country was fit for settlement, and tliat it would be a source of revenue. H« supported the second reading. Mr. McDOIvALD eaid it would require a good deal of faith on the part of the Govern meut to expect the Legislative Council to pass the measure. The committee had done a good deal of valuable work. He advocated the question at the late elections because he had heard from a number of re liable people that there was a lot of good country there. Since then he had met a num ber of farmers who had visited the district, and many of them thought the land would not stand many years cultivation, so that it would be wise to cut it up in fair sized blocks in order tliat the settlers could combine grazing with agriculture. He was rather disappointed with the report of the committee, who said there was an area of only 200,000 acres, although the land board said the area was 400,000. The whole of the circumstances led him to most carefully consider the question. Very many of the young men of the colony were anxiously awaiting a chance of getting some land, and it would be a mistake to allow them to go to Vic toria. If anyone Baw the Victorian mallee land before it was cleared he would be surprised if he saw it a year or two afterwards, when it had been "cleared. Whether the Pin naroo land would turn out the same of course had to be proved. Sir. O'Loughlin was very confident of the good results of building the railway, but Mr. Blacker, who was competent to give an opinion, took the opposite view. He felt sure a lot of the hind would be taken up, whether the railway was built or not, because a number of fanners were so well satisfied with it, but they must not allow only the best of it to be taken up. Farming of the future would have to be different from that of the past, and as grazing would have to form an important feature it was highly desirable that the blocks should not be too small. The great question was that of finance, and he was not prepared to sanction any loan this session. There was a balance of a loan unfioated still, and it would be a mistake to approach the London market with a new loan. Although strongly in favor of opening up the country he thought the matter should be allowed to stand over for a session. He would like to know whether the paggipg -of the Bill would mean the floating of a new loan. (The Commissioner of Public Works—"We think the money can beTaised locally.") It would be unwise to go to the local market at present, and he considered it would be better to postpone the passing of the BilL Mr. McPHEkSON agreed with Mr. Moule that one of the best ways to develop the country was to afford facilities for getting to and from it, but in doing so they must exercise the greatest care. He did not know the Pinnaroo district, and he was prepared to take the statements of those who were better able to judge even if he did know it The great question was that of finance. The Southern line was a costly undertaking and as the working expenses were huge there was some excuse for the Government asking Parliament to sanction something which they believed would bring in grist to the inflL. After all, though,'he thought the Government would have done better if they had asked for sanction to erect a rabbit-proof fence from the Victorian border to the Overland Corner in order to facilitate the profitable settlement of that vast area of the Murray country opposite Renniark. It seemed to him with regard to the railway that if it was going to pay the Government ought to have proposed to take it on to Pinnaroo for the purpose of securing a large portion of the produce from the Victorian side of the border. There was no doubt in his mind that the railway would pay very well some day, but it was a question now whether it would .Weld the revenue whioh the Railway Commissioners anticipated. With reference to the Southern lino he thought the traffic might be developed to a much greater extent than it was. For example, Goodwood was practically ignored by the department and the people who used the Government line had to pay about twice as much as had to be paid to the Glenelg Railway Company for the same service. The Railway Commissioners did not in the least cater for the wants of suburban residente, and it was time the matter was looked into. Further up the line where settlement had been attempted there had been no encourage ment given in the way of increased railway facilities. He trusted if the developmental line beforo them were constructed greater facilities would be given to settlers, as if that were done a good deal more revenue would be obtained. They had to look at the question all round, and consider whether the Pinnaroo line would pay, and bring increased traffic and revenue to the railways. They had to look at the matter from a national standpoint, and though there was a good deal of inferior coun try at Pinnaroo, there was a great deal of land there suitable for wheatgrowicg- He would not support the line if the only thing that could be grown at Pinnaroo was >vheat, but he be lieved tliat sheep could be bred, and that the fruitgrowing industry could be develojjed there. In the past farmers had had good prices for their wheat, and they would again, as there was no telling when a substantial rise would take place. In the annual report of the Ade laide Chamber of Commerce the average market prices for Adelaide wheat were given thus:— 1882, ss. Sd. ; 1883, 4s. lid.; 1884, 3s. 3d. ; 1885, 33. 7d.; 18S6, 4s. od.; 1887 Ss. 3d. ; 1888, 3s. Od. ; iSSfI, 4s Cd ' IS9O, 3s. 7d.; IS9I, 4s. Od.; and 1892,45. Id. A statement coming from the Chamber of Com merce might be taken as fair and correct. He presumed the. K&ifway; Commissioners had based their estimate of revenue on present prices, so that they could expect better revenue in the near future. The Commis sioners estimated the deficiency at £2,300 per pnmiTp, but they had to take other things into consideration The rental from the land would be £3,000, and altogether it was likely there would be a clear gain to the avenue. He felt inclined to support the Bill, although he thought such an important measure should not have been kept back until the end of the session, but afterhearing what had been said by those who had an intimate acquaintance with the subject he would support the Govern ment, because besides being an attempt to settle people on the land it was an experiment in laying down cheap lines of development. He hoped the Government in recess would con sider whether other hues of development could not be constructed with advantage to the revenue. He was sure if something in that direction could be done farmers would be attracted "to the colony. Mr. SCHERK after listening to those able to give an opinion could not support the BilL Not sufficient time had been given for full discussion, and he agreed that such an important Bill should not have been brought in at the end of the session. He had decided only to vote for reproductive public works. If the Government had proposed a railway to Angaston he would have Deen a strong sup porter because there were large farms and vine yards there besides a large population who would be benefited. It was not right to have railways constructed unless there was a chance to settle population. He could point to mis takes in constructing railways in the north which had been a great loss to the country. The Bill for the railway from Petersburg to Gockburn was not passed until the country was proved. (The Commissioner of Public Works —"The mining discoveries were made after wards.") He was quite sure that the Broken Hill mines were discovered when that Bill was passed in the House. (The Minister of Educa tion—"That is not correct") Mr. Blacker had visited the Pinnaroo country and opposed the construction of the line, and he attached a great deal of importance to his opinion and to that of Mr. McDonald, who said that if the land were any good people would take it up whether a railway was constructed or not. He would always be prepared to support re productive public works, but this one was not such a work, and he could not support the second reading. Mr. BURGOYNE thought they might with advantage have gone on with some practical work, as he doubted if even the Ministry ex pected to carry the Bill thromrh this session. He was desirous of doing the" best thing, but after all due consideration he was more doubt ful about the wisdom of constructing the rail way than he was at first. He hoped all the favorable statements made would prove true. They were told some 200,000 acres are available, and that they would produce some six or seven bushels per acre. If co it would be beyond the average of South Australia. The estimate of re ceipteheconsideredtoosanguineand unreliable. It was not likely that one-third of the land would be cultivated every year, and 7 bushels was an excessive estimate of the average yield. ThefWbw Wow line would be G4 miles long, ou the 5 ft. 3 in. gauge, and be made bold to say it would cost not less than £2, 500 per mile. The railway authorities had once estimated a narrow gauge line at £3,500 per mile. The cost at £2,500 would be £160,000. Taking 200,000 acres at 3d. per acre rental=£2,soo; railway freight on wheat, £3,500 (but this would not come in for some three or four years}; total, £7,000. Against this was the expenditure— Interest on £160,000=£6,400; working ex penses, £2,500; total, £&fiOo;, or a loss of £1,900 per annum. Even then the railway would be 30 miles from the best of the land. When these 30 miles were made the balance- sheet would be:—Rent, £2,500; rail way returns, £6,000=£8,500; interest, £9,000 ; working expenses, £3,500=£i2,000 ; loss, £4,000 annually. sfo doubt there would be indirect benefits from Customs, &c.; The good land on the Victorian side was 30 miles from our border, and that would be about the limit of the influence of our railway. There was the additional traffic to be brought in by the new line, but >t would not be very great as the hills line had nigh grades, and any addition to the present loads would require new locomotive powers. He agreed with Mr. Bartlett tliat the proper thing was a tramline at £1,000 or £1,200 a mile, which the set tiers could work with their own horses. The reason he advocated this course was because speed in this case was no object A line could be put down for £1,000 or £L2OO per mile which would hist a very long time. But they were asked to rush this Bill through in one day without being able to devote proper consideration to it, and to accept anything the Government might recommend. He did not think anything would be lost if the matter was postponed till next session. (The Cammis missioDer of Public Works—"Only a season.") No, not a season. But he intended to support the measure, because he thought it would be a beneficial work, although he did not expect so much from the construction of the line as Eomt; hon. members did. Mr. COCK said'that some time ago 31r. Wilton Hack had taken up some of the country near Pinnaroo, and bad sunk some wells and worked the hind there, but was finally com pelled to abandon it. Wherever cultivation had been attempted in the desert it had been unsuccessful. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands —" The only cultivation ever attempted there has been successful.") However, he thought the proposals of the Railway Commis sioners about the best they could get in order to obtain communication with that country. At the same time, if the line were con structed it would be preferable for the Government to pay the farmers so much a bushel for carrying their own produce for the first year or two, so that they could see bow the experiment was likely to turn out. He was satisfied that no fear need be entertained with regard to the rainfall. Unless stock could be raised on this country, however, the outlook for farmers who might take up the land would be a very gloomy one. He had almost made up his mind to vote against the Bill, but on further reflection had decided to give the railway a trial. Mr. HAGUE moved the adjournment of the debate, and the motion was declared negatived. Sir. GILES called for a division, which re sulted as follows: — Ayes, 16—The Hons. A. Catt, G. C. Hawker. Messrs. Blacker, Burgoyne, Caldwell, Foster, Giles, Grainger, E. W. Hawker, Horn burg, Johnson, McDonald, Bandell, Scherk, Solomon, and Hague (teller). TToes, 24—The Attorney-GeLeral, Treasurer, Commissioner of Crown Lands, Messrs. Archibald, Ash, Bartlott, Batchelor, Brooker, Cock, Coneybeer, Handvside, Hooper, Houri gan, Jenkins, Landseer, McGillivray, McPher son, Moule, O'Lougblin, Poynton, Price, Short, Wood, and the Commissioner of Public Works (teller). Majority of 8 for the Noes. Mr. WOOD said not being a practical far mer he had not so much experience as others. He was inclined to agree with Mr. McPher son that this was only a proposal to move farmers from one part of the colony to another. It seemed to him that only wheat would be carried over the lice. (An hon. member— " Wool and butter.") Well, he would rather support the line than a butter bonus. The land would only last for three or four years un less it were manured. There were too many lines in the colony already that did not pay properly, and it looked like diverting traffic from one line to another. It must be re membered that the Victorian Government might liberalise their land laws and attract people over the border. There was no timber there for wooden sleepers. (The Commissioner of Public Works—"There js plenty of wood, and the sleepers will be obtained in the colony.") He was glad to hear that, but there would probably be a heavy cost in keeping the line dear. It was not certain now much traffic there would be on the route. There had been a great outcry as to borrowing money for constructing works, and he thought that we could not afford to l?rro\v money as we could not meet our liabilities at present. 'When would the line be begun? (The Commissioner of Public Works—" Imme diately the?ill is passed.") He did notthink that the line would be a permanent success, and lie considered that it would only answer for, say three years. He had promised the Government to vote for the second reading, but he would not promise to vote for the third reading. Mr. HAGUE said Mr. O'Loughlin had stated that there was soil from three to six inches deep, and that would not last long. (Mr. O'Loughlin—"There is a good eubsoit") He was glad to heir that, and no doubt the land would consequently last longer. There was not enough information as to the rainfall, but however opinions might differ, all agreed that the country was of no good without a rail way, which needed money. It would be a mistake to borrow money in South Aus tralia wherever else it might be obtained. He remembered the Engineor-in- Chief saying he would make a railway at any price the Par liament liked, and he presumed in this case the Government had told him to make the estimate as low as possible to ensure the thing being carried. There was a great difference, between the estimate for the present line and estimates which had been supplied on former occasions iv respect to other proposed railways. Mr. Moncrieff last year made an estimate for a line from Monarto to Sedan on the 2 ft. f, in. gauge at £1,185 per mile, bet the Railway Commissioners did not wish to have anything to do with such a line and preferred that it should be handed over to the people to vorlt, but that plan would never work successfully. If a railway was to be made a successful com mercial venture it had to be carried on by those who understood the working of railways. Mr. Catt thought a much cheaper lino would serve the purpose, and that a line costing £L,185 per mile would answer every purjiose. Other members thought the country would not prove successful for settlement, but h« would remind them that it would be possible to lay a line which could be taken up and re moved to gome other district where if neces sary it could be set down again and wotted profitably. High estimates lolled many pro posals to build railways, and be was glad to see the Railway Commissioners were beginning to recognise the necessity for making cheap lines to develop the country, bnttobuJJd a railway to a settled district was a very diffe rent thing- from building a line to a place which nobody knew anything about, and he thought it would be better if the Governihent had considered the necessities of the more settled districts first Mr. E. W.-HAVVKEE regretted they had not been given more time to look carefully into the question, so that information in addition to what was before the House could have been obtained to guide members in coming to a decision. Members had been almost suffocated by the number of Bills brought forward during the coming session, and in the case of such important measures as the one before the House then he considered plenty of time ought to be afforded —that such Bills should nut be hurried through. It was not a case of settling new people on the land, because most of the people who would go to Pinnaroo were now farming in some other part of the colony, and they would simply remove to a new scene. He thought it would be better to open up land on the west coast, where there was a good seaboard and facilities for sending produce to the city at very little expense. With regard to the visit of the Parliamentary party and others to Pinnaroo he would remind members that farmers in the north were not always judges of the soil in the south, as was proved by the experience of many farmers who were attracted by the rich-looking soil of the south-east when the drainage works were undertaken and who had lost their money. There was no doubt the soil lacked something, and so far as he knew no analysis had been made to determine its producing qualities. A great deal of attention was now being paid to the analysis of soils, because it was possible to tell from analysis pretty well what the soil would grow, and he thought the Government ought to have had sampled analysed for the benefit of the Hbu^. It would be a great mistake to try and raise money in the colony to build the railway, and he trusted the Bill which had beeu brought forward too late in the session would be rejected. The railway would be an experiment, and the colony \ras not in a position to make experiments of the kind at present. Mr. SHORT said since the question of the Pinnaroo country had been considered he had taken the trouble to make all the enquiries he could about it. I'rom the information he gathered and from the opinions expressed by the Select Committee he had decided that it was not desirable to build the railway. There was great diversity of opinion among the members of the committee as to the area of land available for settlement. A relative who lived some time in the district assured him that the good land only totalled 80,000 acres, although there were other lands that would be taken up if facilities of access were given. The committee said that there -was good mallee country, and he knew such country would grow wheat, but the stunted mallee country was not good for wheat pro ducing, as after one or two crops it was useless, except for grass. In some country which would not produce grass or wheat fruit trees would grow. This was shown in his district, where die average rainfall was 17 in. The Commissioner of Public Works said that the average rainfall in Pinnaroo was 14 in., and wheatgrowing and fruitgrowing could not be profitably carried on with such a rainfall. Any practical farrnpr knew that on land with 3 in. of surface to a clay subsoil in a wet season any crops and trees would perish. He was anxious to put people on the land, but not to involve the country m an outlay except in reproductive work. They had no proof either that the railway would pay or that the land would be taken up. He would like to see the land thrown open with a Parliamentary under taking that if 100,000 acres were taken up by bona fide settlers a railway would be built. He bad heard from persons living at Pinnaroo that the rainfall was 7 inches annually; but the evidence was contradictory, and further in formation was required. There _ was no guarantee that permanent water existed, and he bad been told the ground was not good for holding water. If that was so no farmers would go there on the chance of getting water by anking. There were other parts of the colony where railways could be better constructed. He irouldinstance the Streaky Bay country, which they knew was good land, and where the rain fall was better than at Pinnaroo. For the rea sons given he thought himself fully justified is voting against the BilL Mr. POYNTON said that before visiting Pinnaroo he saw Beulah and WarracknabeaJ, in Victoria, and took particular notice of the soil and the size of the mallee. From conversa tion he found farmers were in comfortable cir cumstances and satisfied with their prospects. The committee then left for Pinnaroo, and there he found the land was by no means in ferior. Mr. Bartholomew, who had been on Pinnaroo and Garra stations for 22 years, had put in 13 successive crops at one place and never had less than three-quarters of a, ton of hay per-££re, and freqaentiy two tons per acre. The land on which this was grown was not equal to other areas at Pinnaroo. The committee only reported on the country in cluded in the hundreds, but between Tailem Bend and Pinnaroo there was also some ex cellent country on which they had had the report of Surveyor Wells. The Pinnaroo land was nearly all loamy soil with a clay subsoil, and some of the largest pines he had seen in South Australia grew there. The Railway Commissioners had not (considered the in creased traffic between Adelaide and Tailem Bend, and if the line between T<iilem Bend and Wow Wow was only going to show a deficiency of £2,300 a year the traffic on the section between Tailem Bend and Adelaide would make up that deficiency. While at Pin naroo they met several intending selectors, some of whom had come from iiillimur, and they were satisfied with the country. At Moorland's woolshed the committee saw a record of the rainfall for some years. In 18R3 the rainfall was 16530 inches; in 1884, 16-220; in ISSG, 13 inches; in 1887, 17U0 inches; in 1888, 9"430 inches. In 1889 it was 22470 in.; in 1800 14 in. In Pinnaroo there were 8 in. in 18SS, and 16 in ]890. The season was late there, hay never being cut before Christmas. There was as good land on the border as there was at Pinnaroo, and he regretted the line was not extended to the border. Mr. SOLOMON did not intend to support the second reading. It had been brought down too late in the session for proper consideration, and even for the public works under construc tion money had not yet been raised in the liondon market. Even those who examined the country were not agreed as to the advisa bility of settlement. He was not satisfied as to the rainfall. The Railway Commissioners admitted there would be a loss of some £3,000 a year even with a 7-tushel harvest, and the members of the committee were not agreed as to the quality of the land. The finances of the country were not in a state to launch into public works unless we felt sure they would be reproductiva There were already hundreds of thousands of pounds of stock which we could not get rid of in London, although we were Coating Treasury bills. Mr. JOHNSON' moved the adjournment of the debate. This was declared negatived. Mr. GILES called for a division, which resulted as follows :— Ayes, 12—Messrs. Blacker, Burgoyne, Cald weU, Gilbert, Giles, Hague, E. W. Hawker, Randell, Scherk, Short, Solomon, and Johnson (teller). Nobs, 24—The Attorney-General, Treasurer, Minister of Education, Commissioner of Crown Lands, Messrs. Archibald, Ash,' Bartlett, Batchelor, Brooker, Coneybeer, Handyside, Homburg, Hooper, Honrigan, Jenkins, liand seer, MeGillivray, McPherson, Moule, Poyn ton, O'Loughlin. Price, Wood, and the Com missioner of Public Works (teller). Majority of 12 for the Noes. Mr. JOHNSON protested against the shameful and disgraceful waste of time The SPEAKER^-I scarcely think the ban. member is in order in characterising the action of the House in those terms. Mr. JOHNSON would then say that he protested against the reprehensible waste of time which the Government was causing by insisting on trying to pass this Bill through the House. They were supposed to be here to pass measures of importance to the country. They all knew perfectly well that even if this was the most necessary measure in the world there was not the ghost of a chance of &>&&& it and yet with the Estimates, Vermin BUJ. Mininff B3L and other measures unfinished theirtune wasdeliberately wasted overthis?ilL The gospel truth was that die BUI was only brouglit forward at the last moment so that the Legislative Counc-a might throw it out, and tSTwould be used to try and djscredit them. (Mr. Solomon—" Hear, hear ;an elec tion dodge;" and the Treasurer-"It TO brought in in the early part of the session. ) When the idea was first mooted of opening up Piunaroo he was anxious the matter should be fully investigated, and m the electoral o^. paiin he hrSught the matter to the front If thefcountry was good he was anaous it should be opened up, and he was told nothing could lje done without a railway. All round the House the support of the Bill was very half hearted, and he did not believe the Govern ment wanted the Bill to pass through both jj OUE es. Where was an approximate return of the amount of good land ? The members of the committee were not even agreed, and thrir report was a half - hearted thing. Whether the railway was necessary or not liod. members should be particularly cautious before committing themselves to this proposal, because no one was as fully informed upon the subject as it was desirable for them to be. He was convinced that the Government had no idea that there was any possible chance of the measure passing this session, and he therefore protested against this flagrant waste of time. What was the use of talking about making a railway to a place of which they knew little, and which would involve the country in a big expenditure, when they were unaware whether the locality , -was suitable few wheatgrowing? At Sedan the price of wheat to-day was only 2s. per busheL The Bfll should have been brought forward at an earlier stage of the session, and the Govern ment were very culpable for the coarse they had pursued in wasting a lot of valuable time over faddy legislation. He asked leave to con tinue his remarks next session, as in his opinion that would be quite soon enough to consider this BilL The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS regretted that any hem. member should have considered that the Government were half-hearted in this matter. They had been in earnest from first to last The' only reason why the Bui had not been brought forward at an earlier stage was that it was im possible for every measure to come first Pre cedence had been given to matters of more The motion for the second reading was'de clared carried, and Mr. GILES called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ates, 23—The Attorney-General, Treasurer, Minister of Education, Commissioner of Crown Lands, Messrs. Archibald. Ash. Bartlett, Batchelor, Brooker, Coneybeer, Handyside, Homburg, Hourigan, Jenkins, Landseer, McGillivray, McPherson, Mbule, Oijoughlin, Poynton, Price, Wood, and the Commissioner of Public Works (teller) Noes, 12—TheHon. A. Cart, Messrs. Blacker, CaldwelL Foster, Gilbert, Hague, E. W. Hawker, Johnson. BandelL Short, Solomon, and Giles (teller). . Majorityof 11 for the Ayes. Paths—For—The Hons. Sir John Downer, J. ?L. Howe, Messrs. Hooper, Butler, Castine, ■ McLachlan, and Cock. Noes—The Hon. G.G s*s*^:. Mesas. Griffiths, Scherk, Lake, Kelly, Riddoch, and McDonald. At C.30 p.m. the House suspended its sit tings for one hour." On resuming, On the mofaon forcoing into committee, The Hon. A. C ATT regretted the action of the House with regard to this BOL He could not take so sanguine a view as the Commis sioner of Public Works, and even it tfaerail way were made the whole of the country woold have to be taken up in order to pay expenses. He protested against the course taken. Air. GILES also made his protest against this haste. Many country members had not had an opportunity of considering the Bui properly, and the Government were doing at the end of the session an unprecedented thing. The members who had paired had not any idea, that it was proposed to pass the 831 through committee and take its third reading that night He could not be accused of wasting the time of the House, for the Government were acting unfairly. They had very little information about this railway on the files, and the oommitee who visited the country bad not given sufficient particulars. They wereaskedto vote the country's money for a rail way respect ing which they had had but little information. The finances of the colony were not in each a, good position that they could run any risk of waating the country'B funds. In look ing through the names of members of the Com mission ne saw that not one had any know ledge of the south-east, in which the Pinnaroo country was included. He knew the class of country well and it was most deceptive in its character. Country in that part of the colony was often found to be unhealthy. There was only a small amount of good country in Pinnaroo, and certainly there was not enough to warrant the constzuction, -of tbe railway. After a few years it would be found that the ground would be worn out with growing wheat The railway would lead to nowhere, and there would be no traffic on it Some good reasans had been ad vanced is favor of the railway, but they -were nothing as compared with those against it When the land had been worn out what were they going to do with the railway? He knew the country well, and knew how deceptive the land was to people who came ■ from the north. The country in the south-east was not so good as that in the .north. They simply were told what the Railway Com missioners estimated as the cost of the line. Before the Port Gennein Railway Commission the Engineer-in-Chief said—in answer to the question "Hare you considered the question of giving railway fariliftips to outlying parts of the country at alowcost per mile r" I—'You1 —'You can make a line of railway for almost any price you like if yon lay down the conditions with regard to speed and public safety. I could myself put you down a line at a very low cost per mile, but you must have a very low rate of speed, and you most have a rolliEg-Btoek of a very different weight to what we have in other parts of the colony. But the Railway Commissioners would not agree to that" Now the Railway Commissioners agreed to another class of railway, but did not give the House much "information. On previous occa sions they had always made the cast of ttoe railway appear as much as possible, but now, at the instigation of the Commissioner of Public Works, he was glad to see they were favoring a cheaper system of railways. It would be better still if they put down a tram way with motors, which would cost about £1,000 per mile. Previously on this subject he said:—"The firm of Noyes Brothers had written to Port Gennein stating that they could supply ten miles of railway on the 3 ft. 6 in. gauge with rafls 251b. per yard, complete, with fishplates, bolts and nuts, and clips. This, with the other requisite material, he could furnish at the rate of £675 per mile delivered at Port Gennein. Locomotive capable of hauling loads of 73 tons op a grade of 1 (one) in 100 under ordinary favorable condi tions could be supplied for £730 each." If the lines were simply to open up the country they should be made at the cheapest possible price. The Railway Commissioners said nothing about rolling-stock, although it would be better to get a special rolling-stock for such lines. He did not believe in tramways and breaks of gauge, but he recognised that this was an experiment If 100,000 acres were sold the people who bought it would pay for the railway. If the Government would agree not to make the railway until they received £80,000 from the sale of land he would support them. If settlers at Pinnaroo did not succeed the general public of South Australia would have to pay for the benefit of only a. few people. He wanted those members who were not present to have an opportunity of expressing their opinion on,the matter nest week. Although the Premier and the Commissioner of Public Works were fair in giving pairs, still the Go vernment Whip was not fair, as he often re fused pairs. (Sir. Jenkins—" Ido nothing of the kind. You are the last man who should talk about unfair pairs.") He had not been able to get pairs because he was told the Whip did not know how some members would vote, and refused to grant him a pair. The SPEAKERr-I must ask the hon. member to confine his remarks to the BilL Mr. GILES said that having accepted tie principle of cheap railways the Government would be bound to give in to any hon. member who could show that a cheap line would pay, so long as the money necessary for the work was borrowed and in hand. Public works hid too often been earned on before the money was borrowed, and they had got into trouble with the money-lender. He would like the Government to agree to an adjournment (The Attorney-General— *' No.") If he could not get his amendment carried he would vote against the third .reading. (Contmvfd on pane 6.) 