At the Royal Academy. ? Most people {says an English contemporary) will consider this, year's Academy a fairly good' one. There is no one picture about which.artisls will rave and the general public go Jhto ecstasies but there are many that are interesting and of a high order of merit. Sir F. Leighton's 'Rizpah' is a gruesome picture enough. On the hare hilltop three crosses, each hearing a dead body, stand in toe dimness of T-U- 1 ? J ? i.l. ? ? ? j uiftui. j us ueuuB ui iutj iwo men are cuverea wan a cloth, which hides their faces from view ; tbe entire body of the third figure, clearly that of a woman, is wound about as with grave clothes. Ey, the side of this figure, with one arm_- ' clutching... it fiercely, . stands the sorrow -str icVen mother In her right hand Bhe grasps the sickle which - is . to be her defence in case of an attack from the leopards which can be seen prowling in toe distance, and toe birds of prey swirling over- her head. The President's other pictures are of quite a different order. 'Farewell ' represents a beautiful woman in a graceful Grecian dress turning to takg a ^aiSt ..look, at her .-departing lover. ' The and ' Oorinna of Tanagra !' ^to'torif-lerigth studies of site^bly b^rifed^wbtaen.r- B3s 'ffit' strikes a differ entiteifi aliqgeiher, ah'd depicts -a little archer boy tlushed with pleasure at having reached the target, whilst his tutor Stands behind almost equally pleased. Mr. F. *: Dickeee's 'The Funeral of a Viking ' holds the place of honour in the third room. It ia a strong picture. Against a background of glpoiny mountains a. quaint, old-world vessel, wito. rorved ' pl'ow^ df ? fantastic shape, is beiug launched uppii ite last voyage. On the deck lies the armour-clad body of the dead king, with his shield by his side, enveloped in flames. On the shore grim, wamors wave their torches, and white-haired heroes gesticulate wildly and shout their adieus to the dead occupant of the burning ship. In 'The King's Libation' Mr. Briton Riviere forcefully depicte an Assyrian monarch pouring out a libation to toe gods - for success in toe chase. At his feet lie the dead bodies of lionB, and behind him stand the attendants .-watching in silence toe thank-offering of their king.- Above this picture hangs one by Mr. James Archer, where, in the test fading light, a group of women sit on the mountain-side, ' Waitin' lor their dear loves, for them they'll see uae mair.', {Mr. F. Good all's 'The Water of the Nile?' is fdrgeous with the glow of the setting sun; The Jyramids in the background might -be built of ; burnished gold ; and, nearer, the women with their whter- pots, and the cattle quenching their thirst to \- the sacred waters, are glormed'by the glowing light. ' Elizabeth Woodviile, widow of Edward IV., toarttog with her younger son, toe Duke of York,' by. Mr. P. H. Calderon, represents Elizabeth, who flitid' been persuaded to' give up her child— -.on top ptoa that his presence was necessary at his brother's coronation — m the act of bidding him fare Tyell in the Jerusalem Chamber. She is kneeling .'beside the lad, saying, 'Let mekiss thee once more before we part, for God knows when we shall kiss again.' The face is, however, much less earnest than toe words, and the arrangement to toe velvet train iB so stagey that the whom force d the picture is weakened. Mr. George W. Joy 'a ' Truth !' fells .-the story of a little child who; ' having lowered her bucket into an old and disused well, Wan surprised fo seetherein standingtoe very Goddess of Truth heiielf, who, having showu her her face in :a glass, and filled her _ bucket with sweet water from her well, straightway vanished.' The nudityof ' Truth' will doubtless shock Mrs. Grundy, hut ' there -i6 really , nothing repellent about it, and toe face is exquisitely sweet' tod pure,. Near, to 'this picture Mr. D; % V. Leaderis _' 01d Conntry Churchyard with ivy-maritle claq ' will awaken many pleastot memories in those whose youthful years were spent in some quiet hams let or peaceful village; ' The child ? Handel by Mite M. J. Dicksee, is a delightful picture. Poor little Handel, whose tetter, objecting to his sou's absorbing ^ devofab'u to 'towmc, banished all mnsical instruments to ah; atiic, 'having discovered where topj, Were, ;got{up'to {{Hid'- nigbt': ' toT prac tite-y' ; Mils /Dicksro teprete'ento him' ; sitttog at toe {hitoo' 'to. bfi j'litHe hightdrete,n storounded by .lumbeii, but. with. me'r' ihteriofi'' ; look: -^, ..gbmns-. to { bis rapt, rolm' -face- He is, arphsedfrom his musical reverie by the -miitranee .of the household ; who have attributed the . ru'usic to ghosts,' Miss Dora Noyes's ' I was a stranger-and ye took me in' is as good as' a sermonr At the gate Qf 'a .tiny country ' 'eoltage stands a - -iuothertoold countrywoman m a lilac 'print -apron -tod1 woollen crossover,' her kind old false framed in-alittle hlack^ap. Her hauds are outsttetchedto a sick, sad, lonely' woman, who creeps dejectedly along The path way holding on tcrthe wall. The g&te;'is wide ppen, aud inside stands toe old lpao, '.waiting, if- necessary, to give what help his tdtterijig limbs will allow.- It is very homely, but very pathetic) tod contrasts with tbB strong bit of- colour; shown to Mr. Phil R.. Morris's ' Uuder the IMacs,' which hangs immediately under it Mr. Stanhope A. Forbes'e . ' Lighthouse ' is a L , good deal talked about. In.the first light of dawn, a boat with twc^i^pefineif isfgoijig ihfqhafbcur. /The '*; lighthouse iflK&p; StfllglimmersOvei- the grey -cohl^seav * but the smoke-rising from the cottages in the distance, and the stir that baa begun in the boats near the pier, - suggest that the day's' activities will soon be in full' swing. ' Our Daily Bread,' by Mr. H. Van Ruith, shows the Interior Of a bake't's shop. A poor woman - stands at the counter with a babe in her arms, beg ging for bread, but although the proprietress of the : business is counting out the money she has - already - recsived, and the shop is well stocked, she refuses to- ? help. The story of ' Suspense,' by Mr. R. H. Carter, is told well in the lines that accompany it . in the catalogue Oat to the wreck went the father! Out to the wreck went the sons ! Leaving the weeping of women . --and booming of signal guns ; i ?. Leaving the mother wboloved them, and the girls that the sailors love, ' Going to death focdnty, and trusting in God above ! In the ' Trialrnf ,Joan of Arc,.'. Mr. F.Roe has very happily portrayed' the heroine as she stands in front oE the tribunal, dignified' and self-possessed. She wears a man's 4resS| and the face is .admirably conceived and expressed. The same can scarcely be said of Mr. H. Schmalk's ' Mary ofMagdak,' for here the face is totally lacking in every quality that one would naturally look for- in a woman of her character. There, jg not 'only no experience, no life-marks, but riofHsoul. It is rather the face of a young girl coming for the first time into contact with the mysteries of life. Mr. Alma Tadema is represented by a portrait of ' Dr.vJoachim,' 'In My Studio,' and G^mpirisohs.V.'ii trhe^fvrti.latter are pictures so full exquisite detail .that'-they are better seen than described. : Mr. Marksdiaa;' Darby and Joan,' two solemn-looking penguins, arid ' It's Well to be Off with the Ola Love,' &c.;, three sulphur-crested parrots. ? In both these there is a characteristic touch of humour. There are several good landscapes, among which Mr. Yeend King's ' Lyndale,' Mr. Murray's ' Hamp shire,' Mr. B. W. Leader's 'By Mead and Stream,' and Mr. P. Graham's 'Summer Mist' may be reckoned with the best. 