PRIMITIVE METHODIST CON FERENCE. The preparatory sittings of the Primitive Methodist Conference took place in the Tynte-<*> street schoolroom on Friday morning, when the chapel committee considered the state of the oonnexional trust estates of the colony. It was found that on the whole the chapels were in a healthy condition, that the debts had been considerably reduced, and that a new chapel at Bagle Ranges had been erected and paid for. A new manse had been built at Mor nhett Btteet, for which a considerable amount had been raised. A few difficult cases were sent on to the full Conference for further con sideration. Fibst DAT. The mixed Conference met in the Welling ton-equate Primitive Methodist Church on Saturday morning at 9 o'clock. The retiring president (Bey. J. J. Salmon) occupied the chair. After devotional exercises the following delegates were received:—General committee delegate. Rev. A. W. Wellington; district committee delegate. Rev. J. Goodwill; building committee delegate. Rev. 1L A. Smith; general treasurer. Mr. W. Diment. Adelaide circuit, J. G. Wrisrbt and E. Parry ; North Adelaide, J. D. Thompson, T. C. Cnrtrin, sen., and H. Bower; Norwood, S.i Wellington. J. L. Bottrill, and G. Robinson ;, Parkside, J. Goodwin, W. W. Winwood, and J. Peters; Mount Barker, U. Hartley aud E. I Hender; Kooringa, R. J. Daddow, T. \ Hutcbins, and J. Scott; Salisbury, A. N. McDonald and T. Diment; Saddleworth, H. Parkinson, S. OHey, and J. G. Janyon; Strathalbyn, R. Jackson, J. Stone, and G. Sistsons; Kadina, J. J. Salmon, H. Daddow, and C. Trenberth; WoDdside, W. R. Stepben soa, C. Dunn, and W. N. Torner; Gawler, W. T. Wiltshire, J. Billing, and J. Matthews; Two Wetts, H. J. Pope; Moonta, A. J. Burt, W. B. Clarke, and T. Cornelius; Kodill, T. Theobald and D. McDonald; MslJala, T. Weatherill, G. N. Johnson, and G. Marshman ; Yongala, H. J. Parkinson and T. Selby; Prosppct, J. H. Williams, R. Burden, and W. H. Harry; Broken Hill, S. Gray and J. Burrows; South Broken Hill, T. Allan and T. Selby; Port Adelaide, S. Raymond and J. Lewis: Laura, I J. A. S. Williams and G. Thiselton; Morgan, J. £. Stone; Dawson, 3. Ladym&n; Port Broughton, H. Holmes. W. A. Young, and R Renfrey; Mannum. J*. Wills. The following officer* were then elected :— President, the Rev. John Goodwin; vice president, Mr. Jacob Burrows; journal sec retary, the Rev. W. R. Stephenson; sheet secretaries, the Revs. EL Holmes and R. Jack son ; letter writers, the tteva. S. Raymond and S. Wellington; reporters, the Revs. W. T. Wiltshire and A. J. Burt; readers, the Revs. H, J. Pope and J. H. Williams; door keeper, the Rev. J. E. Stone. It was decided that the hours of session be from 9.30 a.m. to 4.30 p-m., with an interval for lunch from 12.30 to 1.30. Tbe retiring President (tbe Rev. J. J. Salmon), noon vacating vhe ohair, said be was grateful chat death had not invaded the minis terial ranks durine tbe past year, neither bad sickness disorganised them. He was deeply sorry that one of the brethren was unable to be with them through sicknesa; he referred to the Rev. J. P. Lawton. Brother Daddow's face was missed at the last Conference through illness, but be was glad to see him present now and apparently in good health. He very much regretted that two laymen whose faces were very familiar at their annual gatherings had died daring the year—viz., Bros. H. Seoomb and T. Botham. The ministerial ranks bad been ereatly strengthened recently through the advent of tbe Rev. John Day Thompson. (Hear, hear.) He was sure that the members of the Conference would give him a sincere and brotherly welcome. (Cheers.) He eras pleased with his work and hoped that his labors in South Australia would be abundantly blessed. Tbe de nomination waa also strengthened by the accession of the Rev. W. C. Butler from Sydney. He prayed that his term would be a highly successful one. He was glad to weloome him. (Hear, hear.) In referring to the Broken Hill strike he stated that to him j it seemed a disgrace that capital and labor did not understand each other better. (Hear, hear.) He felt sure that neither could do without each other. (Cheers.) He was pleased that efforts had been made during the past Y«ar to stem the tide of gambling. The great success of the Christian Endeavor movement I deserved Bpecial mention, and be hoped j that every church of the denomination j would eeek to establish a Christian Endeavor Society in connection with its work. (Cheers) The statistics that wonld bo laid before them, he was thankful to say, j showed an increase of about 00 members, 200 scholars, and a goodly number of adherents. With reference to the Methodist Union question they were aware that a committee had been gathering information during the year, and he believed they would have a great deal to lay before them. Whether organic unions took place shortly or not, they as Primitive Methodists could not afford to slacken their energies, but should do their very best to advance tbe interests of the con nexion. There ware fields of labor that be thought should be immediately taken up. One of our Ablest men should be sent to Went Aus tralia, and another man should be stationed at tbe West Coast. He was glad to hear that one of their local preachers had bean holding services at the latter place in the name of the connexion. (Cheers.) Let them Eeek for that which they all so greatly needed, the Baptism of the Holy Ghost. He prayed that the blessing of the Triune God would rest upon the Conference. (Loud applause). The Rev. J. Goodwin tfcen addressed tbe Conference. He said he did not expect or seek in any way the high honor conferred upon him, but thanked the brethren for the goodwill expressed and the honor bestowed. He complimented the Rev. J. J. Salmon upon his successful year of presidency, and his excellent retiring address. In taking tbe chair be felt doubly pleased because of the manifest unanimity of feeling. He felt assured that tbe reports would show a very prosperous oonnexional year. He united with Mr. Sal mon in the expression of appreciation in re lation to the presence, abilities, and labors of the Rev. J. D. Thompson. He was always willing to do what he could to further tbe prosperity of bis beloved connexion, and trusted he could point back to a good record of work and loyalty. He would not trouble tbe Conference at that stage, but might havesome thing to say later on. Tbe Rev. H. J. Popk moved and the Rev. J. G. Wright eeoonded a resolution of weloome to the Rev. J. D. Thompson. Mr. W. H. Harrt supported the motion. Etch speaker referred to the sacrifices made by Mr. Thompson in leaving Englaud and to tbe deservedly high reputation ho bad there. His personal worth and successful service during the short time he had been in this colony was also referred to. In replying Mr. Thompson' said he hoped this would be the last of a lot of series of wel comes. He supposed as this was the first Con ference he had attended since be had been in South Australia it was almost inevitable that a resolution of welcome ehonld be presented to him. He heartily thanked them for their kind encouraging wards. A friend of his had jocularly informed him that his text of the previous evening reminded Dial of the feel ings that existed at their lost Conference concerning him, when they were asking, " Art thou he that fchould come or do we look for another?" (Laughter.) He felt very comfort able amongst them, but he must acknowledge that there were periods when he felt very much homesick. He had sometimes wished that the sun would sheath hit long and pointed lances. He had felta wondrous familiarity with his ministerial and lay brethren on account of their thorough brotherCnem. As to the sacrifices he bad made in leaving the scene of his former labors he wished to say but little, for he felt that after a lengthy period of service here when he returned to Eneland his widened knowledge would be a sufficient compensation. (Cheers.) Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring president and to the Rev. J. D. Thompson for hia excellent sermon of the previous evening. The hour for receiving deputations was fixed for Tuesday morning, at 11 o'clock. The general committee delegate presented bis report upon the circuits, and search ing investigation was made into all oases of decrease of members and other signs of the lack of prosperity received consideration. The following circuits were mentioned as having considerably improved their condition daring tbe past year:—Adelaide, North Ade laide, Koorioga,Stra«halbyn, Gawler, Redhill, Yongala, Prospect, Port Adelaide, Port Brouehton, Moonta, Parkside, Mount Barker, and Woodside. The total increase is as fol lows :—6O members, 35 teachers, 183 scholars, j and 519 adherents. It was resolved that a letter of sympathy be sent to tbe Rev. J. P. Lawton, who after a fruitless voyage to England in search of renewed health is quite prostrate from illness. A resolution of sympathy with the ministers and officials of the Broken Hill and South Broken Hill circuits in the trying circum stances in which they have been placed through the recent strike was unanimously earned. | The Revs. S. Ghat and T. Allan suitably replied, and expressed ths conviction that the j tide of. prosperity was turning, and that the rise would be as remarkable in the future as in the paat. J A long discussion took place as to the worth and utility of the Intercolonial Triennial Conference to be held in Sydney in October next. It was finally decided that represent* tives be sent according; to the basis of constitu tion. 