BRITISH ART GALLERY. FIFTH NOTICE. If one only had the time to note the observa tions of the visitors to the Arb Gallery and gauge their outspoken criticisms a column of most interesting: matter mipht be made up — the opinions are so untrammelled and in so many instances ahrewd and practical. If they were published they would bs acknowledged as plain, acceptable statements by the majority of the reading publio, a3they would go straight to the mind in their unaffected simplicity, with no mysiery of Latin and Greek qujtations to puzzle the intelligsno illiterate, and no pedantic phrasea to obscure the mental view. There 13 a deal of information and en joymsnb to ba found ia a free-and-easy round of tha Gallery any afternoon before the light ia failing after one has had a comprehensive inspection ; even the pictures of no merit; — and. there are some such — are worth consideration, if thai is not a paradox. There ia a grim sort of pleasure in growling at a picture one does not like ; for instance, '' The Abyss,' painted by an artist who miub ba doubly wise, seeing that his name 13 Sobmoa. J. Solomon doea not create fervid feeling, albeit there ia z. history hanging oa to it. A painting of the ' Deatiny' type, it attracts and repels. The uninformed wint to know why that inuacular looking individual, with a severely classical face and a left arm suggestive of coustacc practice with the Indian club3 or an American axe, is leaning wi:h the sharp point of his elbow jammed into the side of the half clad person lying down, surrounded with flowers, on the brink of a precipice. The pro minence, not to say bomness of the hip, is in marked contrast with tha fleshin333 of' the form so lar as it is exposed. But there, tha painting is strong ia ilesli work and idealicy, even as 'Destiny' is. One might get into an abyes of doubt over that creacion of an artist's morbid fancy. Anybody can comprehend the mecning of Edward H. Fahey 'a 'Deserted.' It speaks for itself ; a telling picture, ia which one of the strongest points is that broad streak of limpid water, just where it crosses in the mid distance, clearly defined, like a different current in the dull stretch of the sullen flood, filling the view from the edge of tha picture to that forlorn-looking shore with the building standing up against the sympathetic sky in the background. There is pathos about the resigned attitude of the heavy, strong-iimbtd oarthorse standing under the leafless tree oa the jut of land reaching out into the flood. He looks deserted, and he has not the ghost of an idea of bettering; himself. He ia simply wait ing with stolid air for something to turn up — he ia an equine Micawber. In this picture — by no means a great one— murk the happy deftnesa of the artist in dealing with the reflections and in making hia atmospheric tfieots congenial. It doea noti look like an ideal sketch, but is a touch of Nature in her nasty mood. Dame Nature, cruel only to be kind, and very often kind only to ba cruel, has deulthardly with that torn, rugged, dishevelled tree — elm or oak, we know not which, bus it is scarcely sturdy enough for an oak — standing on the slope of a wind- swept hill, past which the eye of the observer roves over an almost endless land scape, comparatively calm and peaceful. Frank Walton, R.I., lias sent J1L3 brush boldly over this canvas. There is tho old riven ires twisted by a hundred hurri canes, its muscles, so to speak, stand ing out like those- on a gladiator's muscular frame ; its roots planted in the soil with a firm grip, but showing the strain. Broken branches, exposed roots, and the water worn ?oil show how severe the struggle has been. The grand old tree must go down soiae day. Many people raighb pass this picture by — it 13 not far from that delightful 'Cinderella,' with the flighty, feeding, frolicsome birds — bub if they pause a moment they must linger longer. Touching 'Cinderella,' who ha9 not read the charming fairy story? Io would be an in sult to juvenile and adult intelligence to pre tend to revive it. The picture, however, is a revelation by Fred Hall, who ha3 caught most happily tho humour and the dinginesa, shall we say, of the whole scene. There ia Cinderella in the obscurity of an old kitchen — a pretty roomy kitchen, by- the- way, and a darksome — eitting aloneside an old spinning-wheel of Germanic pattern, and busily pecking at her fees are birds of all sorts — pigeons, ringdoves, star lings, thrushes, chaffinches, a cocky robin red breast, a stately raven, a jackdaw (much more bounceable than him of Rheims), and other feathered pets picking up the shovelful of linaeed her spiteful stepmother threw into the ashes. It is almosii worth while being Cin derella to have such a host of fancy feathered friends. ? 