& jjurrjj ftefos. Largs (East Maitland Circuit.) — Our local correspondent writes : — Changes serious and sad have lately befallen this congregation. Mr. Frank Hain, an active worker in our Sunday-school, Band of Hope, and otherwise, removed with his family some weeks ago at Singleton dis trict. They are greatly missed. Then Mrs. J. T. Kirkwood, eldest daughter of Mr. R. Bolt, died after a few weeks of acute suffering, borne with Christian patience and trust. And on Saturday morning last, Mr. A. A. Unioomb, of Goulburn Grove, succumbed to an acute attack of pneumonia and has entered into the ' rest that remains for the people of God.' Mr^ Unicomb was for many years choirmaster and a teacher in the Sunday-school, and his lamented) death is a sad loss to his family and chinch. There is great sympathy with these be reaved families. * # # East Maitland. — On the 27th ultimo, mepabers. of the ladies association of the Wesleyan Church, West Maitland, assisted by several ladies of other denominations, favoured the friends at East Maitland by request with a concert and tableaux vivants, . which were rendered with marked ability, and furnished a great treat to an audience crowding the School of Arts Hall. A vote of thanks was enthusiastically accorded \he performers, and the financial gain to the dirouit fund will be very accept able. # ? . * ?? Maclean.— A pleasant social evening was spent in the Weisleyan Church, Maclean;on Thursday evening, September 21st. It was held for the purpose' of setting before the congregation the financial position of the circuit. ? During the evening refreshments were handed round, and a very pleasant time was spent in singing, recitations, speeches, &c.; The treasurer's balance sheet was presented, showing a bank over draft for £165. 16s 7d. at the close of the March Quarterly Meeting. This was owing largely to the amallness of the Susten tation grant compared with that of previous years. The quarterly income was shewn to be £27 ; expenditure. £68 2s. lOd. ; leaving a deficit of £41 2s. 10d., which in come, after deducting connexional ex penses and horse feed, left about £14 for stipend and furnishing parsonage. There was a very good attendance at the social, and at the close the sum of £7 was raised by collection and subscription towards bank over- draft. #*# Yass. — Revival services have been held in the distant places of the circuit during the last four weeks with most, encouraging results. Mr. James Marshall has accom panied the circuit minister (Rev. W. Stewart) in the expeditions, giving most valuable assistance by singing and playing, and delivering addresses. There were two or three conversions at Rye Park, but at Mundoonan and Frogmoor quite a notable work has been going-on, and still continues — at least 50 good cases of conversion being reported, and also several backsliders re stored. Other of the preaching places have shared in the blessing. The penitent form though not popular has been freely availed of, and testimonies have been most readily given by those converted and restored. During the special services, now exteuding over six weeks, and commencing with Yass, God has blessed His people in a most won derfhl way, so that no less than between 80 and 90 have given in their names as having received blessing, and the good work seems likely to continue. # \- # # Casino (Richmond River). — Our corres pondent writes : — The ten-day's mission held here, commencing Sunday; September 17th, conducted by Rev. C. Jones, of Rock dale, and C. E. Williams, has given us a lift in our work. Services were held for seven days in the Casino church, ten adults professed conversion, some very good cases. We had open-air nieetings each night at the street-corner, and often over 100 people listened to the Word of Life, the crowd was well behaved, and considering that this was the first attempt at open-air preaching, was a great success. We intend continuing this work each Saturday night, and cn Sunday nights, when the afternoon journeys are short. Last Saturday and Sunday evening about eight of us held the fort, withoub the aid of our powerful-lunged missioner,. and were pleased at the orderly gathering, many of whom have never been inside a church. We visited the country four nights and told the people of Deep CreeK the. story of the cross. Here we found a simple, and yet intelligent class of people who listened eagerly, and seemed to drink in every word that was spoken. The first night people were impressed, but no visible result, the second over 20 adults arose at once and went to the front seeking pardon. The work was difficult, as there was not a single one to pray in the building, save the minis ters, but we hope to follow up the work with a meeting each week, for counsel and directum, and thus strengthen the babes in the faith. In answer to prayer, we were blessed with delightful weather, warm, clear days and nights. Since the meetings rain has again begun, which the farmers have been eagerly looking for, still we were exceedingly thankful for the bright weather. Mr. Jones proved himself an excellent evangelist, his clear discourses, common- sense, and hard-hitting, bore fruit. Next Moon we hope to have three night's special services at Irvington. three miles down the river. We have many congrega tions, but, oh, how many Gospel hardened men and women. Our hope is in God the Holy Ghosts v ..... . ?- - ? *** '? ? ^Gladstone Circuit.— Our correspondent writes: — Before the big flood of June last swept oven the Macleay River district leav ing ruin and desolation in its track, the good people of the Gladstone Circuit had resolved to-hold a ' Bruce Auction ' to pay off some 6f the Trust and Circuit liabilities. But the big flood came and after it had subsided it seemed a cruel thing to go and ask farmers for bags of maize, and pigs and fowls, when so little had been left to them. But the liabilities remained. They had not been swept away, and it was felt that some thing must be done. So the ladies deter mined to do something, and straight way formed themselves into a committee, and if our representatives in Parliament only got through their business with as little talk and as much despatch as these ladies, there would be more valuable laws upon our Statute Book. In view of the badness of the times, and the small pur chasing power of the community, the ladies decided to make a small effort and to try and raise some fiteen or twenty pounds. Collectors were appointed who thoroughly canvassed the district, and when the time came for holding the sale everything was in readiness. The public patronized the sale well. The first night the stalls were almost cleared, and to meet the demand for the second night goods had to be pur chased. The second night the hall was crowded to excess, and when the hour arrived for the Bruce Auction to commence not much remained to be sold. Mr. J. Carroll wielded the hammer, and cleared off everything at satisfactory priceB. Where all worked so well, it would be in vidious to mention names, but, in Confer ence phraseology, we would say: 'The ? best thanks of the trustees and of. the Cir- ' cuit committee are due, and are hereby tendered to the ladies who arranged the sale, to those who donated money and goods, and to the public wlio bought so freely. The ladies felt repaid for their ex ertions when, at the settling-up meeting, it was found that £35 had been cleared by the effort. 