MURDER WILL OUT. An English paper of Dee. 31st says : — "Sir ltiehai'd Owen Intel two remark able ghost stories, and. oue of these, perhaps the better of the two, is related by a Daily News correspondent, Iv his early days, when surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died therein. After tho iuquest the young surgeon saw tho body put iv the coflin and tho lid screwed down, to bo ready for tho funeral next day. Owen had at tho time been alroady attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, aud negroos' heads wcro not plentiful; so ho made up his mind that this ono should not be lost to the cause of science. In tho evening he returned to tho prison with a black bag con taining a brick—from his oflicial position he had no difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuary, whero the coffin lid was unecrowed and KCIIKWED DOWN AGAIN. During this process tho brick aud tho negro's head changed places. The ground outside tho principal entrance to tho gaol has a considerable, descent, and the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when ho slipped and fell all his length; the bag went from his hand, and the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. Ho jumped up, caught tho bag, aud, following the head, just as it iinisliod it? career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, ho vanished out of the shop with all tin.* speed he was capable of. Xext morn ing, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by tho woman at the diop where the accident had happened on the previous evoniug. Mho wished him to sou her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright tho night before that caused him to look WILL XSI) J)AZKU-J.IICK. Tho man, it turned out, was n retired sea-captain, who had boon in many ivdvouturca among tho West India Islands, wlion deeds wero dono that did not at that time require to bo ac counted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro, iv which ho had a haud, aud tho transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conuciunec. After giving these details tho old captain told of tho horrible ovent that took placo tho night before Ko was sitting iv his uhop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that ho had been think ing of tho nogro, when buddculy he saw hie var3 F head roll into the shop in front of thu counter, aud it was followed by tho devil, all in black, with a black bag in his hand. Tho devil snatched up tho head, and both disappeared through tho earth like a flash of lightning. Tho description was, perhaps, not quite complimentary to tho youog anatomist, but it was satisfactory bo far that jt thowed that he had not boon recognised. 