SPORTINGNEWSFIiOM MELBOURNE, THE STARTING PRICES FOR THE NEWMARKET HANDIOAP, AN ACCOUNT OF THE RUNNING. THE FORTUNATFoWNEB AND JOCKEY OF FORTUNATUS MAKfl A BIG POOL, austbalian'oup wagering. . ''?(From our Special Reporter.) Met/Uourne, Maroh 0, Juot before the start for the Newmarkefj HamUoop tbe betting was as follows 1— 100 ta 9 Warpaint, 100 to 8 Boverley, 100 to 7 Bungeban, Hero, All Thoro, Malolo, Lin burn. 100 to 6 Gaillardia and Emblem. 100 to 5 Fortunatus, Wildrose, Ilium and Lord Hopotouo, 100 to 4 MiBsAlbanB,The Swell, The Havbor Light, Ravenswlng and Silver* stream, 100 to 8 Sainfoin, Berrigan, Venor Omaha and Antcous, 100 to 2 Templestowo, 100 to 1 the others, Whon the flag foil Bungebah, on the rails, was tho first away, followed olosely by Beverley, Tho Harbov Light, Forlunatus, and All There, whilst Gaillardia got off badly, and Emblem was turned round tho other way, When fairly in their stride Bungebah showed in advance of Hero, after whom came Sainfoin, Berri« gan, Ravenswlng and Bovorley, ell of a oluster, whilst on the opposite sido of the course Templestowe headed Chatham, Ap» proaohing the courao proper Bungebah was juBfc in advance of Bovorloy, clattering on whoso heels came the main battalion, fore most amongst whom wevo tho colors of Eavenswing, Lord Bopetoun, Omaha, Tho Harbor Light, Horo, ana Wildrosoworemost prominent, th« latter going apooiully well, Coming up under the rails Horo ana Wild Rose made a forward movement, Hero Bwevvlng across and carrying last yoar'B winner (Wild Boso) on to Bungobah, nearly bringing her down en her knees, n and effectually ruining her chanco, as she! wai driven right back, A furlong and a«bft)f from home, bowover, Fortunatus disposed of Beverley, who was then loading, Bunge ball falling back, boaten. Ac this point Fortunatus looked to havo the raco at bis meroy, until suddenly Malo'o was discerned sweeping over from tbo other sldo of tbo course ard making a bold dttsn at ;tbo leader, loud shouts from the crowd p'xo olaiiningbii coi tain viotory. Bold as' was Malolo's bid, he failed to sustain the effort long enough, as Hayes, riding for his baro life on Fortunatus, who struggled wllb the greatest gnmeness under hiu'beavy Impost of 9sfc, 21b,, secured a splendid victory by a IenRth. Hero finished third, two lengths from Malolo, then came in the following order I Lord Hopetoun, Beverley, BerrJgan, AnlfBw, Templeetowe, All 'lhoro, and Chatham. The time was exceedingly fast, under the oiroumttauces, 1 mln. 15} eecs, Fortunatua is tlio property of - teo, Oouleon, at one time on the /racier and ,4i/e reporting utaff, but now a faiMiar aud prazifi' in Gippsltnd, the residents of which were on the colt to a man. Tbe stable was thrown in for a largo scoop, their commission be ing got en at bunurecis to three and four, but they did not consider they had a ghost of a cbatico when the vain fell. Hayes, the jookoy, however, thought differently, and won htavily. TJw drawer of Fortunatus in Tatlereall's sweep, of £100,000, laid Coulaon JB6,000 to nothing, Caraook-'o iugloi'ious display in tbo St, Legor, on Saturday, has drivon the Derby winner right baok in tho Australian Cup betting, tor wbiob The Admiral Is tbe nominal favorite, at 4 to 1, Stu-nchaser and Culloden coming next, at fives, followed by Molvolio at sevens, PorlBra and Newman at eightb, whilst; 10 to 1 U freely offered against either Duorow or Cauioolo, Tbo betting is very dull, through there being a great aroeiwt of uncertainty as to whether Sam Cook will start Tbo Admiral or not. 