CiiArTKuXX -ONE FIUKND AND MANY FOES, j Keilli had hopod to make oui) more tri; before laying up for (lie «inter. . But he ha. a comrade's consideration for his men. The; had behaved splendidly, even « lieu most the; had reason to doubt his seamanship, and h was anxious not only to keep faith with then to thc letter but to give them what he callei "a- reight cudc merrie time." They hat signed articles of tbe most stringent i generous character. They were similar t those which Prcedic had signed in thc days o Hoyland. Every man had a vote in affairs o moment, hod an equal title to liquors am ratiouB in times of pressure ; prize money wa to be shared in proportions laid down, witl proper regard to position and wages, from thi captain to the humblest soul on board games of dice or cards for money were pro htbitcd ; lights were to be out at fixed finies no woman was allowed on board ; all weaponi were to be kept in clean and perfect order no quarrel was to bc settled with arms ol board ; duelling was discountenanced, ant could only take place with thc captain's per mission, and then thc meeting must be ot shore ; desertion in time of battle was to b< punishable with death ; equal severity to b< meted out for thc crime of robbery ; no mar to retire from tho service until his share o: booty amounted to at least one thousand pounds ; injuries to thc person in the, servio to bc compensated out of the common stock. This sum of a thousand pounds apiece had already been earned by the capture of the St Dennis, after the officers had received theil proportionate shares, the captain taking three, and the subordinate officers two aud one and a quarter. The men of the Anne of Dart mouth who had signed articles with tho real were moro tlïan content, and they were devoted to their new captain. The division of the spoil, the surveying ol the .ship, the excursions ashore, thc gardening, the coupcils of war, and the cxtru nights ol grog and merriment, mode the time go OE quickly as it was pleasant. But before thc month was ended, and on thc eve of serioui thoughts of a last brief cruise before thc winter should set in, the wind chunged, and the «now came down iii blinding storm that was followed by keen frosts and icy bloats, such as made it a very risky thing to engage in any further enterprise until thc Spring. It WBB argued by some that inaction for six months at least would demoralise thc crew; and Precdie suggested that it might be well to lift anchor and lay up at Salem, or even in the harbour of Kew York, where they could ship the extra hands necessary to the complete manning of their new vessel. But Keith, with a lively faith in the strength of England, while he was williup; to war against her, hinted that neither Salem nor any other American port initrht be safe. Further- more, the Americans would consider their capture of the St. Dennie an act of piracy in a flag flying the stars and stripes ; and as for a cruiso in the Southern seas (also proposed by Preedie), he was for letting well alone ; it was in these latitudes that it should most satisfy them all to make their power felt. As for inaction, he planned out a continual fight with winter to keep open a track to the garden hut, and moreover there was plenty of work to be done in adapting thc St. Doiims to their own tastes and requirements. He was for settling dowu'into winter quarters, and those quarters the barbour of Wilderness Creek. While the question waa being discussed, Winter intervened with barriers that left no option whether the ship should sail or not. Thc Master of the Frost aud Snow drew his strong chains across both entrance and exit. Thc harbour- was a little Bea of ice. Jagged rock and shining boulder wore fringed with Binning beads and- pendants. Bergs began to form in the waterways outside the creek. Captain and crew accepted thc inevitable, and for such a company they passed the time lu very wholesome fashion, fighting the snow and icc and putting thc ship into perfect repair, making hardy trips of sport with gun and trap, and living a life of activity, only now and then debased by a debauch of drink and ribald songB, in which Keith would join with u wild uncontrollable energy. He had, nevertheless, fita of despair, days and nights of speechless depression, followed by an un- natural activity. His checks grew thinner and thinner, his aspect more and more gaunt. In appearance he had put on a premature old agc. Only half through thc allotted span of man, ho was worn and wrinkled as any patriarch. His sunken eyes had nevertheless tlic brilliancy of youth. They sparkled in their cavernous depths. His thin hunda were strong as eagle's claws. A long drooping moustache worthy of a Norseman's visage mingled with his straggling heard, white and brown-a mixture of youth and age. Hia dress was picturesque in its careless common- ness : a worn and ragged lgathor jerkin, baggy trousers, high brown boots, a broad buckled belt with knife and pUtols, and a slouching hal of felt, worn far back, leaving the strange, thin, expressive face open to BUU and storm, defiant, wild, vengeful. He might Iiuve been made of iron, so little did he heed or fear hardships of sport or march, of sleepless nights Bud days of perilous work and hurd. In his profane way of looking at things he would say that God would not let him di cold or heat, of steel or poison, it was will to torture him witli ghosts and fit for thc lowest depths of the fiery pit ; for had a grudge against him which nought might do of good or evil made any acco Then ho would steal away where no eye ci see him and weep bitter tears and pray i blasphemous manner, as ono bereft. A this would come a calm, a tightening of lips, and a planning of murderous deed! plunder and of vengeance. For the opon part of two years Alan Iv and thc St. Dennis lod a charmed life. T were thc scourge of thc adjacent seas, Hew their varied flags as tar uway as Azores. Successful iu every enterprise, t adjourned for occasional rest and safety their landlocked fastness of Wilderness Cn John Precdie had ventured to sail a valut English prize into Salem, where he was coi ved with great rejoicing. Keith's li tenant had also succeeded in convert certain securities into current drafts. I letters from Plympton had also proved great value. Plyinpton's notes he had tun into gold-at a considerable discount it true. Furthermore, he had made orran ments for tko St. Dennis togo imo port th or at Boston whenever elie chose. Washington authority had secured him Îironer commission for thc St. Dennis. 1 veith would not budge from Wildern Creek. He had, however, carly in tho seen season of his adventures os pirate n privateer, consented to tho burying of I ship's remaining treasures. A party of M luaus had been seen off the southern shores thc Creek, and with them, it was thought, European officer. Furthermore, Kcitli li had thc misfortune to take a British mon ship, the very schooner with gold for I troops for which lie had been nu the look-c before her time last year. The schooner li tried to give the brigantine thu slip, Y Keith had overhauled lier, and, overmatch las tho schooner wus, she had nevcrtheli I fought desperately, und there had been kill and wounded on both sides. Keith, ufi taking out her money and permitting thc I mainder of her crew to take to her boats, h burnt the ship. By thc weird light of h Haming timbéis tho boats had been picked i by a British frigate, on her way to assist the conveying of an East India fleet. S took the schooner's men aboard and made f Halifax, where she landed them and report the loss of thc schooner. Here she met tl St. George about to sail, and ou board si carried LeBter Bcntz, whose Bccond-hai knowledge of Keith's harbour had lieen uml serious consideration at the Admiralty, ai who had been compelled to sail with the £ George. , Fortunately or unfortunately f Alan Keith, Pat Doolan had succeeded making his escapu from the ship on whicli I hod been held to sail for Eugland. He hi got back to Halifax in tfme to hear all »hoi the doings of the pirate Keith, as he wi called by tho Englishmen there, who we rejoiced that arrangements were being mat to take him and his ship. Pat liad succeeds in getting on board a fishing-smack that wi making her way into Labrador waters. Thc had witnessed the fight between the Bchooni and thc brigantine, and on her way to Wilde noss Creek, Keith had thought it wise 1 bring the smack to in response to signa which Pat had suddenly exhibited wit hoi thc permission of the master. Part makin himself known was taken off, to the grei delight of Keith ; und the St. Dennis bega to drift towards Wilderness Creek, much 1 the astonishment of the smack, that wu studiously giving Demon's Bock the customar wide berth maintained in all weathers b every careful mariner. The master watcha tile fateful ship plunge into thc breakers, nn all his» hands stood aghast at the Bight, unabl to account for her seeming to confound rock and ehoals, and broken water for the nuvigjbl ocean. Some fiend, no doubt, had taken hoi of thc helm ; while others beneath the kei had dragged her down ; for presently she dil appeared without a sign. Thc men of til smack thanked their good fortunes, that the were safe ; and Sandy Scot and bis men gav a mighty cheer of welcome when once mor they saw the St. Dennis sail into harbour. Pat Doolan's news sent a cold shiver to th ?heart of Alan Keith. Their haunt once dil covered, they would soon be face to face wit England afloat and ashore. H Micmacs liai been seen, and with them an Europea officer, they had best prepare for a fight ti the death. Bentz on board thc St Georg was a'sign that their days of ease were over It was resolved to prepare for attack Already there were several graves near abou thc entrance to the cave of Demon's Rock. I was decided to add to these five others, tba should bc storehouses. They were to contaii the more bulky of the company's booty Conditions and agreements were entered ¡ut as to the future in respect of survivors Keith had taken an extra bond of Fate ii secreting such of his store of money am securities as he thought best to have undci his own personal control. This buried pura consisted of his own personal savings a Heart's Delight, thc moneys entrusted. t< J Preedie by Plympton for their enterprise, bi share of thc Spanish haul at the Azores, ant other smaller stores of stones and scrip. Fin brandy nud wine casks filled with booty, t< bc redivided among the survivors, were buriel among the other graves. Upon them wen piled stones and boulders in a careful, forms manner; each grave with its cross and rougl record of names and ages. But thc commander of the St. George had no notion of making acquaintance with th< harbour of Wilderness Creek. He discounter] the Bentz romance sufficiently to steer clcai of such nousonsc us a secret bay ; but he wai under the impression that there might aftei all, for a small ship, he steering way through thc hitherto-rcgardcd-os-inacccssible rocks tc the west of Demon's Rock-perhaps by Bellt IBIC, any ship navigating such a course bein; shielded by thc hilly coast, and finding hoi way many miles out to the eastward. Keith had taken an entirely exaggerated view of the possibilities whicli' grew ont ol the information brought by Doolan. In ord« to clear the way for the exit from thc harbour, and also to give reality to thc graves, the treasure ship was piloted out and permitted tc go to pieces on the rocks ; and to this day there aro remains of her still, wedged inte thc jagged foothills of the high torrs that appear to march along the shore, headland upon headland, one endless range upon range of Btony dangers. . Pat's story of thc destruction of Heart's Content and the carrying away of Plympton did not serve to cheer the lowering spirits ol Alan Keith. And Sally Mumford and hú son, what had become of them ? Pat had no news .whatever of them. They had dis. appeared from his ken and knowledge from thc moment thc sodgcrs marched into Back bay Valley and laid violent hands upon thc settlement He thought Master Plympton had been able to give Sally considerable money, and that he had advised her to make her way to Halifax. But thc trouble had so taken hold of his mind that he did not rightly remember uuythiug ; and having been in thc sea after his escape for a whole day ami a night, what ho had really known had got washed out of him, and that was a fact. . It had been in his mind to find Miss Mumford and offer her marriage, so that lin might have had authority to protect her mid look after the boy ¡ but whether he would ever Imvc the chance to meet her again that was u puzzle sure, though it was not n, greater improbability than his having met Master Alan Keith thc brave and mighty hero. Thc brave and mighty hero felt that he was doomed to a serious fall from thu romantic heights to which bc had snared in thc imagination of Pat Doolan, and from thc fairly safe position which lie had hitherto considered secura at Wilderness Creek. Not that itu feared death. That might come how und when it liked. But be hod a grim iden that ho was doomed for all kinds nf miseries of captivity and torture, that he had for some untoward reason been marked down by fate 1 or Heaven far black and cruel misfortune, i After alt was there a Divine and jealous God ! Had he offended the Majesty of Heaven in i giving up thc grand simplicity of the Scotch church for the false faith of Father Lavcllo, and for the selfish reason of hoing more acceptable to Plympton and his daughter t Keith brooded and drunk and drunk and brooded until he was in a fever of rago and violence ; and as if moved by thc very fate he dreaded ho ordered the St. Dennis to be once moro ready forcea. The sight of Doolan had brought bock to him pictures of his happy days, and he seemed to hoar whispered prayers in a dearly-loved voice iu the interest of lit tle David. Ho commissioned Doolan to lind his son, and thought of some- provision for him that might bc sufu ; and he undertook to put the Irishman ashore at some favourable place or time for thc purpo3« ; but it was otherwise ordained. ' Leaving the southern outlet of Wilderness Creek, thc St. Dennis found herself under tho surveillance of a frigate which presently tnado sail towards St. John's, possibly on convoy work, for the fishing ships were once more sailing into Newfoundland waters. Keith's prime object was to put Doolan ashore, and 'Boston was thought to be his best port. Thc St. Dennis made for Boston : but before sun- down found hor course barred by that very Ihree-dccker from which she had escaped in her earliest adventure under Keith. Bearing down from thc north, and now fairly iu sight was the frigate they had observed early in thc day, exchanging" with her British signals, which had however not deceived her. Keith changed his course and made for tho Hahamas ¡ nml now began a chase, in which tho brilliant seamanship of the captains was only equalled by thc sailing qualities of their ships. They were three graces of the Bea, tho three-decker playing thc magnificent part of Juno. At sundown thc frigate Hung n shot squarely into the lower rigging of thc St. Dennis, and thc three-decker stood hy to watch the tight ; foi- the St. Dennis was within range. Keith hud not been idle, lie had manouvrai his ship RD as to get broad-side ou, and hardly hud he roared down thc main hatchway " Fire," than thc St. Dennis trembled from keel lo topmast wiih the explosion, that waB Keith's response to thc challenge of his adversary. When smoko cleared it was seen that the frigate's muin-msst had fallen, and that her sails were riddled and torn. "Noo, my lads," shouted Keith, -"at her agaiu while she's tckk'n up wi' sails- non, Iuds, wear Bhip-this time sweep her infernal decks. Ah, uh ! that's it ; by thc lord she'll wish she were back i' Halifax !" Tho brigantine broke out into thunder and lightning, and the frigate was sorely smitten willi thc bolts. Her sails were in rags ; one of her two remaining masts was shattered. "By thc Lord, her decks a cemetery," shouted Keith; "stand by, boarders 1 curse it, the George is nae longer lookin' on !" The three-decker had no ideu of continuing to play thc generous part she had elected to observe at thc beginning of thc fight. Re- garding the two vessels as well matched, thc Vicc-Admiral was willing to let the frigate havo the glory of the contest and capture ; but thc frigate was so hard hit that duty had now to give place to sentiment ; and before Keith had.barely got out his last words the side of the three-decker burst into flame, and thc brigantine reeled under the blow that struck her fore and aft. As the sun dropped into the sea night came on almost like the dropping of a curtain, but not before thc brigantine had sustained the shock of a second broadside from thc St. George, directed with terrible and fatal skill. The brigantine was literally crushed under the weight of thc murderous hail. If the darkness had been somewhat delayed the St. Dennis might have been saved oy the foe sud no doubt would have been, not only in a spirit of humanity but for the glory of her capture and the arrest of her daring master. Knowing the danger of the waters into which they had followed the retreating brigán I i ne, the three decker and the frigate hod stood out for thc open Bea. During thc night the brigantine drifted upon the coral reefs of the Bahamas, and every soul except one was lost. He rose up from the wreck and stood forth a grim silent figure, with bleeding feet and bauds torn upon the reefs, stood forth in the night -blinded with spray, deaf with the cries of the dying, and the rush and roar of the waters. When morning broke the St. George sent off her pinnace to the reefs, hut thc ship was1 already breaking up' and no living soul could be seen, only a few floating bodies which the sea hod not yet released from the spikes and spurs of the coral reefs. But on the barren shores of Abaco, before thc day was over, that same grim figure with thc bleeding feet and hands all torn fighting with thc living rocks, rose up once more and walked iu a world of mocking sunshine. (To be continual.) 