WAS * IT A - GHOST THEY SAW? Mbh. H. H. Jeshihob lives at No. 211, Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early "iiJ December (1891) the two women locked -all the doora and went to the theatre, leaving not a eonl in the house. They left-ihe gas bnrning, however, in the front parlor. - Jut about half past eleven they returned and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlor the merry humor died out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room etood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of faiB face was con cealed hy a maBk, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minntes later he fonnd no one in the parlor and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? Dunog a recent period of ill-health, writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about two o'clock, Z was suddenly aroused from a doze by what teemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood tbe image of my mother just as she-looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which jonrney she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I wsb foolish enough to tell of it, and tbe local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get welL Yet I did and am in perfect health how. 1 believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's morethan three years ago now." No doubt it was tbe nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In If arch, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott road, . Fokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows" I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in tbe room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I shonld call out for help. This waB in June, 1889. I slept very badly and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyeB, and I was sick moat of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the "stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached bo dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' " I bad given up all hope when one day Mrs. West, of. Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking.. She told me ahe was herself once just as badly olf and was. cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine I tried it, and in three days I was able to wolk.acrosB the room, and by the end -of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I ean eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervouB prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the. system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghoBt it. remains true that most uncanny visions' and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. GhoBts come from tbe inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's - Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome- 15-22-29 