GFood Friday. Ae is usual, the atome clendar day wase ob. served as quite a holy day by maty people. All the biaEIEB establishmens: W re cloed., and for the greater part of thy day the streets wore that deserted appearance so peculiar to holidays. Good Friday ic gentrally redarded as the off.day of Eaetertide, and, in aoccardaoce with costom, there wee but little public re creation provided. The sacred coce.rt at night-time,:in the School of.Arts, made up for any lack of day entertainment. Unfortunately. a drizling rain fell nearly all day, and plesearo seekers could fad no ecjlyment in outdoor .patmes. OCURCH SEPVICEB. ST. PAUL'S. At St. Panl's Anglican Church the nenul Good Friday sorvices were held both morning and evening. There wase a very good cugre. gation at the morning service, and the Rev. A. Davies oiciated, and delivered a moot impree. aive sermon from St. Mark's Gospel xv., 39 "And when the centuaiono, which stood over against him, saw that he so oried out and gave up the Ghost, he said, Surely this man is the Son of God." The himne, " See the destined day arise" and "Oh come and monrn with me awhile," were very nicely sung, but the rincipal feature of the service was the rea. ,ition by the choir. jnst prior to the conclusion of the devotions, of that beautiful compo. ition, " The story of the cross." The solo parts were taken by the Rev., A. Davies and Menssrs. O. Perry, J. Bolton, end Master Monday Bolton. Mr. R. H. Johnston presided at the organ in his neunl ofuient manner. ST. MAnn's. At St. Mary's the week has. been observed ar a holy one, and mass has r ern eele. hirated each morning at 7 o'clock by the -arious priests of the pesitb. That portion of the choroh known as the boys' wing was turned into a sanctuary, and was really tastefully dressed and deooratel. The wa'ls were draped with red cloth, having a lining of green folitae,. and on the left hand aide, on a ground of white inoased in greenery, were the words " This is my blood," whi!at immediately opposite, within a similar frame, were the words " This il my body." Exactly in the nectre, at the rear of the sanotoary, stood the sitar, elegantly adorned with most artistic arrangements of flowers of a raey and beautiful tint, which were placed amidst nmeranas burning candles, in such a way as to give beauty to the scene, the attractiveness being added to by splendid booquete of fluwere and many burning candles whioh ntcol on a table on either side of the altar. Entwining -he pillars of the tabernacle, whioh rested on the top of the altar, were lengths of ivy, and immediately above this, on a background of whie, eurmcuunoted by a line of leaves, were the words "Sauoatus, sanctas, sanctus." Bespended from the fore part of she floor of the gallery was a rich festoon of foliage, and on the front of the ga'lery hung a small but elegasat hanner of chaste design and ex quinsite finish. It was of a light blhe colour, and at the head were the words "Im. maoulate. Immaculate," over a Sgure of the Blessed Virgin, showing out clearly from a backgrnund of delioate white, bordered ni-h a cirole of stare, with an outer frame of branches of pure white flwnarj. every detail having beon worked with thoe.nost perfect accuracy. Immediately after mass on Thursday morning, a proceassion was formed, headed by the Rev. A. Horan, bearing the blessed sacrament, he being followed by a number of aoolyt?s, each carry. ioug candles, and the blessed saorament was thus transferred from the large altar opposite the ma'n entrance to the small cns in the tom porary anotnary. bThursday was recognised as day of perpetual adoration, and all day long children from' the various clasares at the girls' school were present in churchb, as like' wise the members of the congregation through out the day and night. Yesterday the senual Good Friday devotional services were con. dlated. 