TCI Sunday afternoon, in the On l . liall, the " Christa Terp" . tihe person of one of d;I:tia' : ; Ir. B. F. 31'Gibbon, th:irr .. nc Ecclsi i. presented i ....• :rl.et tenfits of faith in the t d?.:(f"(,ture entitled " Bible f Christendor:s errors or 4tS:i ?intc .inity a mere Fable." gt' "'r" ý a ll but attentive re 'n; .i the lecture occupied -" a,;i a hdathours in delivery. I oa bbon commenced by de the iircsent distracted state of in the social, political and i::: tin:aments, not only ls y.,: rl ide, and asked in view of the traditionary ,a: tihe Gospel of Christ was c . to 1 " convert " the world, 'i"`' some considerable mis tI.? such : opinion, seeing that tMr IN' years had elapsedLdand the f Ctrist orthodoxically inter had not as yet achieved its S HoTw many more centuries Sc 1a:r lie referred to Acts 14, to support the proposition that t G'-pi of Christ was never in .:. - - merely S ale ?: :: . .?. : t. chat of i.e.c to ? onie will-by fire and sword. Ip Itd1 chap. 1st verse and Rev. l chalp. lhth verse, were quoted to Fe that the present confusion was :pteroatic of the close of the day of irppruni:y-in which suasion by ppal to reason and intellect had had ti:" d -and of the introduction ita cf Gods "judgments in the ,r:h' for then, and then only, would the ca:1 learn righteousness. The lectrier referred to the Bible as being the sl: authority, and dogmatic referee r the ,'bristadelphian in dic:ei and practice, and stated that th? was in distinct contradiction of t e or:idiox Christian, who ostensibly m?ae t-he isue allegation in words, t: in practice denied it, for had he at. "an infallible Pope," over and sovre the scripture ; had he not "creeds and symbols and catechism" dkrred to above the bibie-and thro.chout the whole Protestant had he not personally that infallibility, Thich he denied to the Papal chair, when lie placed " Conscience," a.d " Human Conceptions of Right and Wrong" above the Bible 1 Was it not a fact that in most clerical dlers of diluted philosophy, this posi tion was taken, th.at if Bible state nents do not harmonise with your ideas of what is God-like, reject it for able and unworthy of credence I The lecturer claimed for the Christadel phians the unique position of all pro losing Dible students and readers of asiblute surrender to the declarations d scripture whether hlie himself could s-np their lencth and breadth, their e:!: a!d depth, or not. He had no rei:t nor sympathy with " Partial I-,s:ratioaism" in any of its phases, k::ea:rised the original documents s aIholly inspired and consequently it:EEcard of God. Mr. M'Gibbon re: na to point out the immense m::: ci historical matter in the stpr:e, and in explanations showed lw due Bible in reality was the hi :te pr, prsent, and future, of r. nat., t e chosen nation, of Israel the dp :ed and hated few. He parei cut the intensely Jewish clhe:er c? the scriptures (Rom. 3 cp. 1 i?d 2 v.), of salvation (John 4 cha. 22 v.) and of Christ himself (La 2? chap. 3 v.), and in stating the rz:1a ptited out the literality and t:::iL:.:y cf the Divine intentions ?-spcthin the earth and man upon it, and shosel how involved these were ith the nation of Israel as to form a -:"> snity. Gen. 12 chap. 3 v., ., Rom 11 chap. S urther contended usophic notion of tians, "The Im was not to be e scripture at all, ntrary scripture I such theory : that S"ted into the early S-false brethren " the present con- I :" ':.I was fulfilled the i .. :: Tim. 2 chap. 16 ', rof;ane babbling" rt of the reality '':;- concerning man, 4 :: Uythlical man of S::,":he real personal -"":'. .d the mythical S" ' .:her weal or woe, imagination, for :'': the wicked (des ari nnd for the : :atio,) as laid i. and that as a \--v a. ..: thle reality of th whole plan i?ignored and no a "..... 1 existin, there ( aCCountrill for I Sseeine that "' the I ' sbject nor can I ';.l: ' It was for these SI?,: tiic r:.,, adelplhian, Bible \- p O:"'' . 'al Christianity S 1 He repu.iated rso . nls" for "the ;en. 3 chap. 22 . '7 v. en. 18 t, :. 1 ~ !',:.. he recognised( : ' .:essity for aI r ·r.. " :ection (1 Cor. ( S. .; John G chap. ': c . 31 v.; Acts . . e 6 chap. 23 v.; c . 'a nmatter which * ...ant inmmortality c \- recessary. He .. ', ,that the dead i itence ill Heaven Ip s 5, 6 v.; Ps. 6 , ' t,: ' v.; Isa. , ly after rising ta . .:'' e"ring their per. . ' .l. rWOuld recezven of Christ and p : .).. "a~" d wil. im- a • 'J.-chap. 4 v.) . r5,:...lasting posses- I ; Matt 5 chap. I the wicked) be 1 "s a" d time (Rev. finally blotted p " o ut the least h .... t r resurrectiona s idtroy rulbish b S'c.s ap '0 v tI " e:n of P"goin to Heaven" at death, and " tie destrue. tion of this solid material globe by fire," that God having promised the material soil of Palestine to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, thie fathers of the Jewish nation after the flesh (Gen. 13 chap. 1117 v.; Gen. 26 chap. 2-S v.; Gen. 28 chap. 13 14 v.), and that as these righteous moenr had not as yet inhlrited these promises (Acts 7 chap. 5 v.; Heb. 11 chap. 13 v.; Heb. 11 chap. 39 v.) they should yet obtain possession of not only Palestine, but also of the whole world (Rom. 4 chap. 13.) Any who believe this-for this was the gospel proclaimed by prophets (Ileb. 4 chap. 2 v.), Christ (Luke .t chap. 43 v.), and apostles (Acts 28 chap. 31 v.), and all united to Christ, the one in whom a successful issue to these pro mises is guaranteed (Acts 17 chap. 31 v.; Romans 15 chap. 8 v.) by baptism (Mark 16 chap. 16 v.), were thereby constituted fellow-heirs of the Lord Jesus Christ-who was the seed of Abraham to whom the promises were made (Gal. 3 chap. 16-17v)-to the possession of this very material land of Palestine, the world at large and all its contents (Gal. 3rd chap. 27-29th v.) The lecturer proceeded to point out that an official position in the restored Israelitieh monarchy and Government of the world was guaranteed to the righteous, and in opposition to the clerical dogma of mystical." reigning beyond the bounds of time and space, in kingdoms beyoiid'the skies," a very solid and real Government would be placed in their hands, even that of place and power over all Gentile nations and peoples, and that Christ, the returned king of the Jews, would bestow such upon his approved friends. (NIat. 19th chap. 2Sth v., Luke, 1st chap. 32-33rd v., Rev. 2nd chap. 26th v., Dan. 7th chap. 27th v.) He also stated that this was an element in the true hope of the believer, and as totally ignored by all Christendom as though these glorious promises had no existence whatever. (Eph. 2nd chap. 12th v., Acts 26th chap. Gth v.) The lecturer referred to the Christa delphian.belief in the unity of God as opposed to his Trinity, as taught by orthodox Christendom. (Deut. 6th chap. 4th v., Cor. 8th chap. 6th v., John 17th chap. 3rd v.) To their belief in the sonship of Jesus of Nazareth to the one God of Israel, (Luke 1st chap. 35th v., Mat. 3rd chap. 17th v.) as opposed to the clerical dogma of his being "God the Son;" to their belief in the imperson ality of the Holy Spirit, and to.this constitutinlg the power of the Father specially operative (Acts 1st chap. 8th v., 2nd Pet. 1st chap. 21st v.) as against the doctrine of "the equal majesty and glory, etc., of the Holy Ghost" of orthodoxy. He also re ferred to the Christadelphian belief "that the devil" was the synonym for " sin in the Flesh," that principle of antagonism to God, diabolism, generated in Adam and Eve-through hearkening to the voice of the serpent - a literal beast of the field-which opposed and belied God on that occasion (Gen. 3rd chap. 4th v.)-and which has bren hereditarily transmitted to all their posterity, and which in them excites to all the works of the-flesh (Jas. 1st chap. 14 15 v., Gal. 5th chap. 19.21 v.) and that man alone being the author of sin is held responsible, and is punished accordingly. (Rom. 5 chap. 12 v. Matt. 12 chap, 34 v. Matt. 15 chap. 18-20 v.) He pointed out the non-necessity for the introduction of such a conception as that presented by orthodox christianity as an "Immortal Superhuman personal agent of evil," in face of "man" being held responsible for all his actions-and held that it was the old doctrine of the Persians introduced into christianity and not biblical at all; and that " man" him. self was quite sufficient "devil" to himself, to others of his fellows, and to his Creator. In concluding the lec turer pressed upon his audience to accept none of his personal statements but to verify them by the quotations made, and to examine the scripture upon all subject, and if they-the scriptures-were accepted- as a final court of appeal, apart from tradition whether clericallyor materially derived, lie had no fear but that the unpre possessed and the well-balanced mind, the honest and good hearted seeker after the truth, would ere long find himself upon the Christadelphian plat form, for Christadelphianism was " the whole counsel of God" and not an emasculated, expourgated and corrupted counterfeit thereof, as was orthodox Christianity, which, while it had aform of Godliness was utterly destitute of any power thereof 