Items of News. A first-class entertainment was given on Wednesday night in connection with annual meeting of the Graham-street Band of Hope, a full report of which we have been com- pelled to hold over. A special meeting of the Progressive Political League was held on Wednesday evening last when the necessary arrange ments were made for the lecture by Dr. Maloney, M.L.A., entitled 'Australian Federation on tbe Swiss Principle.' The Supper-room of tbe Town-hall has been engaged for the lecture and the date is fixed for Thursday evening next, 30th inert, at 8 p.m. Those interested in this lecture would do well to attend, as the doctor will deal with the referendum and other important matters. The admission will be free. It was decided to hold subsequent meetings in the open air in Bay-street, on following Thursdays, on subjects of importance. When nominations were received recently for the School Board of Advice, only four candidates lodged their nominations in time, there being seven vacancies. On the follow ing day two other gentleman lodged their nominations, these being the Mayor and Mr. H. Francis, J.P. . We understand that the Mayor and Messrs. Brack and G. Potter have been appointed to the three vacancies by the Minister of Education, on the recom- the influenza, a trouble which is also rife in the district. It is with much regret that we notice the death of Mrs. Mailes, wife of Mr. Charles Mailes. of 70 Princes-street, who nassed away on the 19th inst. Mrs. Mailes has been a sufferer for some time past, and died at tbe comparatively early age of 47 years. The death of this lady will be a severe blow to the husband and family as Mrs. Mailes was a good wife and mother. We also have to record the death of Mr. P. H. White in his 60th year, formerly one of the partners in the ship chandling business of Stewart, White and Co., of Beach-street, The Member for the district, Mr P. M. Salmon, stated, in answer to a question from onr representative, that the reason he was not at the bread and butter social and the Friendly Soateies' sports was because he was not asked to he present on either occasion, and his absence from the School of Art annual was owing to the fact that a private citizen was called upon to present the prizes in lieu of the Member or the Mayor. We learn, through the Member, that Sergeant Mason will shortly be appointed as a firsi-class sergeant with an increase to to his salary by reason of the extra stripe. The Member, learning that the Minister of Railways and the Audit Commissioners were working against the usual gratuities to widows, as expiessed in the House at the close of the session, has brought the matter before the Premier who, it will be remem bered, promised to make the usual pay ments. He stated that the monies would have to be paid in accordance with his pro- mise in the House to the Member. The Member is bringing under the notice of the Post-office Department the desirability of having a postal delivery in Fishermen's Bend at least twice a week. We notice that the twenty-ninth anniver- sary of the Presbyterian Church is to be celebrated to-morrow. The morning and afternoon services are to be conducted by the Rev. J. G. Mackie, of East St. Kilda. The attraction in the afternoon is to be a flower service. The preacher in the evening is the Rev. J. B. Ruddock, of Collingwood, well known in connection with charitable and benevolent work. On Tuesday evening a tea meeting is to be held ; at the after meeting the Rev. H. Fergusson will give one of his excellent dramatic recitals, the piece chosen is Dickens' 'Marley's Ghost.' We expect crowded congregations and an attrac tive series of services. We trust also that the other denominations will help the Presbyterians at this time ; as it is a well known fact that the Presbyterians are not slow to help others. We have been requested to intimate that the butcher's business lately carried on by Messrs. E. and H. Rice, at 187 Bay-street, has been transferred to Mrs. E. Rice. Business, however, will be carried on as usual and the old friends and customers of tbe firm are invited to continue their patronage. It is also intimated that every attention will be paid to patrons both in the Port and aurrounJing district. On Monday, 27 th November, Mr. Marshall Lyle will lecture to the Port Mel- bourne Debating Society in the supper-room, on "The Criminal.'' He will show how crimi- nals should be dealt with, and enter into the subject fully, and refer to Deeming, Colston and others and show their characters. Mr. Lyle is an authority on these matters, and a very interesting lecture is looked forward to. As the lecture is free a large audience is expected. It is intimated by advertisement that the West Port bowling green will be open for play this afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Members and friends are cordially invited to be present. Albert Park, by the Rev. Prior Butler, O.C.C., D.U., and at St. Joseph's, Port Melbourne, by the Rev. A. L. Greaven, O.C.C., B.A., and the Rev. P. O'Dwyer, O.C.C. The subjects will be given in our next issue. The members of the Port Melbourne Wes- leyan Mutual Improvement Society held their weekly meeting on Friday, 17th inst., in the schoolroom. A mock municipal elec- tion was set down, and quite a large number of members and friends assembled to take part and to hear the various expressions of opinion from the candidates. For three vacancies at the Council table five nomina- tions were received, viz., Messrs. J. Smith, W. F. Taylor, J. Thompson, C, J. Wilson, and W. E. Rawson. Each speaker eandea- voured to excel the other in soliciting favour at the hands of the ratepayers, though we think that Messrs. Taylor, Rawson and Wilson were the most successful speakers and were beard to the greatest advantage. Each candidate was vigorously plied with ques- tions by the very attentive audience present. Some of these questions showed the presence of deep forethought and consideration while others again might be set down as ridiculous. The voting resulted thus : Mr. J. Smith 42, Mr. C. J. Wilson 28, Mr. J. Thompson 23. These gentlemen, being the three highest pollers, were declared elected by Mr. H. Francis, J.P,, who very efficiently carried out his duties as mayor and returning Officer. Young men are cordially im ited to attend these meetings. Those wishing to take out Electors' Rights are advised to do so at once. For the purpose of issuing rights, which will have to be renewed before, the 1st December, early application must be made to Mr. E. C. Crockford at the Town- hall. In addition to the office being open in the day time, from 9 a.m to 4 p.m Mr. Crockford will attend on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday evenings until 10 p.m. Friday will be the last day. On Tuesday evening next, the 28th inst., a grand gathering of the United Juvenile Tents of Rechabites in and around Melbourne will be held in the Temperance-hall, Melbourne. On this occasion a spendid programme of singing, recitations, etc., will be carried out. Representatives from the local Juvenite Tent will take part in the entertainment. Parents and friends invited. Complaints are being made by the members of the Yacht Club and others owning boats, who have been in the habit of mooring them in the lagoon entrance. It appears that the boats are being destroyed by some material, which is supposed to be the mud left behind by the punts when the stuff was being pumped into tbe old lagoon. This is being continually stirred , up and the consequence is that the boats are always in a filthy state and almost unfit for use. So great has this nuisance become that the removal of the boats altogether was contem- plated. We understand, however, that a meeting has taken place between repnesen- To-morrow the building on the West side known as the Clarke-street Mission-hall will be opened in connection with a mission under the auspices of the Baptist denomina- tion. Services will be held in the morning, at 11 o'clock, and evening, at 7 o'clock, and in the afternoon a Sunday school will be commenced at half -past two o'clock. By the handbills, which are now in circulation, parents are invited to send their children to the school. An experienced-superintendent and staff of teachers have tendered their services. Reverting to our paragraph of last week in which it was stated that Mr. Russ had bought a block of land in Graham-street at £2 per foot, we are given to understand that this was a forced sale and the land was bought at much below its value. As a proof of this we have only to mention that two days afterwards Mr. Russ was offered £4 per foot for the land and would not part with it. The ordinary meeting of the Port Mel- bourne Debating Society was held on Monday last in the supper -room of the Town-hall. Mr. Christopher, in the absence of the presi- dent, occupied the chair. A letter was read from Mr. Ellery, Government astronomer, with reference to the Society's visit to the Observatory. A letter was also received from Mr. Marshall Lyle with reference to his lecture on the 27 th inst. After some further business had been disposed of tbe members delivered impromptu speeches. The following are a few of the gentlemen who spoke :— Mr. Brinton on Spinsters' and Bachelors' Tax, which he was decidedly in favor of ; Mr. G. Webster on strikes ; Mr. Wright made a speech on how Mr. Patterson handled the unemployed difficult, which he said had been shuffled by a shuffler. Mr. M'Donald was in favor of running Sunday trains and opening the Public Library on a Sunday. Mr. Sykes discussed the freetrade party in this district ; Mr. Dunn spoke on Mr Morris on the Harbour Trust Commis- sioners ; Mr. Dusting spoke on the dock charges at Williamstown, and advocated a speedy reduction of the same ; Mr. Christo- pher made a capital speech on the fisheries scheme ; Mr. Carter was in his element on the subject of beer ; Mr. J. Webster spoke on federation ; Mr. Christopher on building societies ; Mr. W. Irvine on reciprocity with Canada ; Mr. Walter on the Income Tax, which he favored ; Mr. Whamonde's speech on the Melbourne Cup was a jeweller but did not create a carnage, and ended in a cooler ; Mr. Brown finished up with village settle- ments. 