[?] BY 3UXESI GKZmWQGO, TSS AUAfSUlk . ' paSOiS ,l\\\' ' ' Author of " The Amoiour Camial "TJmler a 'Clond,'" V 'A Little iRngamttfiia." ' Dick ; Temple," " Almost . Lost;". MB«uben Davidgor," "Humphrey ©yot," " VViid» of London.," " In Strang# . Oomy««7ijl," ' OnRontimnnfeal Jnurneyn," . '" Low Life - ; Peep#,'" Silus thn Oonjurnr," "Jerry JackRYuith. of Lower - London,'"' " Tag, >- Bag, .and Co,,"-" JTaU', Phyllis of Lavcudnr ; Wharf," &o.;, &a; . . " . I <7,7" EE gaol atlTowgatc, rognrdod merely as ; Ur aplnee of sofo keeping far evil dhers on ' whom tha law hw laid .a repressive hand, is tcme of the most interesting of prisons, It was the Hun of Its kind 'ic the old times ; but of late years/his shorn of its cluws, and has attain od a degree of tamencas that in Captain Mneheath's time, would have been deemed impossible. The spiked wicket is no lorigor kept by a fieros. gaolor, surly as a raastiff at the mouth of his kennel, but by an affable official, respectful and civil aa a well- bred footman. My cicerone was an elderly and experi enced warder, and by way possibly of mak ing known, to mo the . fact that if I had gained admittance under false pretences and with sinister intentions I should find that I had made a serious mistako, ho led tho way to an apartment and opened a cupboard, where the fetters wcro kept — a blight shin ing row of the modern pattern, with a few examples of tho ancient " darbies," such as, I suppose, wore used at a time when tho art of breaking out as well as getting into New gate was a branch of the " professional's " education — monstrous things, some of them — and he unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, arid they weighed At least a quarter of a hundredweight, and the leg irons to match were even more massive. In the same receptacle, and evidently preserved as precious mementoes of the past, wero the anvil and hammer with which at the last moment the crnel blacksmith struck off the galling oncumbranoe, together with several other interesting relies of the good old time. Tho irooB, I.was informed, wero seldom or never used now, except wbeu prisoners wero in courso of removal from ono prison to another. " I oame on many other things that used to bo' the prido and glory of Nowgato, bub which liad been abandoned . since tho renowned criminal stronghold had mended its mannors. I saw, too, the black bole — half- a-dozen blaak holes indeed— bub no one is ever placed in them. Another Newgato institution, observed from timo immemorial, is now obsolete— tho condemned sermon. I ascertained tbi3 from my conduator as we stood in the prison chapel. As of old, to the left and to the right tbora ore spaces in whioh the criminal congregation" is aooommodnted, railed off from tho resb of the sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron stoat enongh to secure the most ferocious creatures of prey ever exhibited at a menagerie, and thero too was tbo doomed ono's chair (I always understood that be sat in a pow), a stiff arid straightbacked black ehair which, when occupied, was placed apart from any othor seat, and in fair view of the parson in the pulpit. Bub he now participates iu tho sermon in common with tbo rest, and is never specially -preachod at. But if thero is no condemned sermon, Newgate- ia still faithful to its condemned coll. Except far ite torriblo associations and for tbe fact that hundreds of miserable wretches have sat at that table and bin on, that bedBteod, counting tbe rapid hours that seemed so hungrily unxjous to eat upthdir dwindling remnAnb of existence, fibers is 'nothing dreadful about tho condoinnod cell. It is aboutthesizoofan ordinary underground Back-kitchen, and about as well-lighted. There is a- little shelf, on which reposo the dying man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, and bis Biblo, unnecessarily bennaoa " .Mowgnoo on too leaves. Tlier e"5e »' very small deal table and a libtlo form, and these last-mentioo«d articles of farnitnre, as well as the floor boards, arc scrubbed white, and the vaulted coiling is wbito, and the walls. There is many a cell in which s poor man wiJh his family is condemned to livo and pay several shillings a week for, in the shape of rent, thab is not nearly so desirable a place of abode as regards cleanliness and good vontilation. There is no fireplace, and the gas jet barns in a little wire cage, presum ably to prevent frantic persons from attempt ing suicide by burning. I asked whether the condemned, as a rulo, gave much trouble ;"tbe warder answered unhesitatingly, " No ! There were exdop- tions, of oou'rse.; but genorally, after they got ovor the first fright, tljey settled down wonderfully calm, and remained so until the last," which is evidence that ib is in human nature to dread death itself less than the torture of the " cat." It is in the experi- cnoo of every prison official I ever talked with on the subject that a ruffian, being uncertain as. to the morning when he is to have, as' he himself would say, "clows for breakfast," is in the 'habit of lying night after night in a sweat of tenor lest to-morrow Bboald bo tho doleful clay. But thero is one feature of Newgato's interior.a recollection of which will probably abide in the memory of tha man who acts oyes on it, long after all else canaaatod with the grim priBon ia forgotten— tho murdorora' burying- ground. ' Whon ono roods that " tho May of the malofaotor was tbo same afternoon buried within the precincts of tho .gaol, " the natural inference is that thero is a graveyard, that there is a spot, at tho rear of the chapel very likely, Mb apart for tho intorinent of those who are sacrificed to tho law's just vongoanco, and that, though the unhallowed hillocks ara devoid of bead or foots tone, thero is a registry kopb, by which the authorities can toll whoso disgraced remains they cover. This, however, is by no means tha system adopted. Tho guldo, unlocking a door, discovers a narrow paved alloy, botweon two very tall, rough-hown walls, whicb are adorned with -whitown3l>. Thoy alloy, is, porhopa, fire- and- twenty yards long, and not so wido hut that ttvo men joining hnnde could easily touoh tho sides of it, and at the end there is a grated gate. " This," remarks the olvil warder, "is where wo bury 'em," and you naturally con clude that be alludes to a spaco. beyond tho gate, and;, that ho Is. about to .traverse tho nlloy. and open iti""Ihstead' bf"tlii8, baroly lias he stepped over tho threshold than ho point i to the letter " S," dimly visible ou the wall's surface. " And," says ho, " Slit- wizan, who was hanged for murdoring his wifo and burning her body," and boforo your breath, suspended by the startling announcement; is restored to you, he lays his forefinger on ahothor letter a few inches off. "Ketcbcalf, Who out the throat of his fellow-servant ; Brntnbloby, who split his father's skull With a garden spado; Greenaore, who ' mur dered Hannah Brown and afterwards out up her body," and so as ho keeps shift ing, baroly a toot 'at " a time along the whitened wall, he' goes ori adding to tho , horrible list, while the ghustly faot dawns on you that every let'tor denotes a body cab down from the gallaws, and that the pavo- 'ment'you are Walking on is bedded in tho romaint of who shall -say how many riialo and female murderers ? Wo are compara tively moderate in modern times in tbo use' of tho hempen cord as a remedy against man-slaying, bub it was only a generatiou book, when business was exceedingly brisk in that line ; a hanging was looked for iu the Old Boiloy on a Monday almost ns much as a matter of courso as tho cattle-market in Smithfiekl on a Friday. Then, as now, tho dreadful littlo lano between tho high valid was tho only place of sopulchro for thoco who passed out . to death through tho Debtor's door. The very paving stouee. bear witness to tho many tiiuos .thoy have been roughly forced np bv unskilled bonds that a hole may bo dug for the reception of tho poor coffined wretches who wOar qmoklime for a sbrrud. tXfeec%£s A wkols cyH>i£-/3teft9 m thoy are, pirtoTi8rt ud cobbled - and mnridbd with . dabs f - mortar in the most aobamlsomo wny. "A vary .large number must ..havo. booi. bnried hcro at ano timo and anothor, j I ramwt"Sl. '! Bless you, yes, sir," replied' ' thoNowgaha warder of loiyr service, "yot enrit half Acs the letters. ' Thoy'nood tb be all -over ths other 'tpall . ai , Weli, . bnti being;, whitened every yrar, .taft .letter1 at las\ got filled np,1- . if, was riot, # pleasant idea. Moi I Ivnliove that tho cracker) arid unstablo ' orioditioa of the paviag stone? suggested it, but It came rnnr. ray mind as 3 ijoanned'the walls and mudr em noore snd scorss of .-ntioinrit lsttors, sditiwing ghost- like; through the obliterating "whibcwAiih, what a hideous crowd it would make if those to whom the initial applied conld all ia, a. moment be ruuollod to life. The narrow niiey would not bold thaui all. There would etArae such a ferocioa'B crashing and striving for escape that, fiber# .would be murder 'done over again and suob work for the hangman that he wonld b'e striking for extra pay- 