WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at No 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. Blis shirt. sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old- fashioned pistol. The women fled soreaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, ' T had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health noyv. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I ve never seen it since, and it's more than three yeacs ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricky the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Heants, wrote us as follows: " Iwas so dreadfully servous I could not bear anyone in the ro.,n with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I nas sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I trok nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. M1fy memory. completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never nec better. ':I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three dasy I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can o~t and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The male.dy Mrs Fost r suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the persor. who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. Blind men in Japan, instead of being led by a child or dog with a string, carry a w'histle, which they blow-, and those who hear it leave the pathway free before their feet. There are a great many blind men in Japan, and the plaintive whistle has a m urnfal sound whau heard in the night. 