Eohuoa Grammar School S$oooh • < Night. Last evening the speech night in connec tion with the E'ohuoa Grammar Sohool (Mr J. M. Flamiagan, principal) was held in the Town Hall. A large ilumber of ladies and gentlemon attended by invitation, the Miyor (Or A. W. H. White) presiding. The Rev Prior Murray and the Rev J. 0. John stone, M.A., were also on the plat form, the stage being nicely de corated for the .ocoasion. In order to make the proceedings as attraotivo as possible, a nicely-prepared programme of vocal and instrumental musioal had been prepared, and the rendition of the different items gave great pleasure to the audience, who highly .appreciated the efforts of those who' took part. The reading'of the princi pal's report showed that the sohool had made very satisfactory progress since Mr Flannagan had become associated with it—a fact which redounds much to his credit and ;points, not only to his competenoy to in struct, but to his patience and. perseverance. The audience, among whom ware many of the parents of the pupils, evinced a warm interest in the whole of the proceedings, the distribution of the prizes, which was carried out by the Mayor and Mr Flannagan, being a feature which added greatly to the interesting aspect■ of the gathering. Tile programme opened with a pianoforte duet by the Misses Johnstone and Morphet, and the number was admirably executed. Master. H. M'Kenzie, a pupil, gave very fairly a recitation, entitled " My watch," the performer receiving liboral applause. Mr ,\V. M. Ponaford was most successful in " The Yeoman's wedding song," whfch he sang in firat-claaa style. Miss. Cunningham's pianoforte solo, " March des Tambours," was nicely played. Master W. Stokes; a pupil, gave an acceptable reading entitled, " The new minister," and then came tho annual report. Miss Fleming and Master Conrick rendered a pianoforte duett, entitled "Stephanie," in capital style. Mr ERRielly was applnuded for a fine rendition of the song, '• The Miner," and Miss May Fair thorne (a pupil) gave a pianoforte solo, " Rossellen s Reverie," very pleasingly." Mr Arthur Kelly's song, " Out on thedeep," waa well received, and also was a pianoforte solo by Miss Fleming entitled, '• L» course an Olocher." A recitation, entitled " Mar garet's ghost," by Master V. Oonriok, given in good style, terminated the programme. Tiie Mayor then proceeded with the distri bution of prizes, and as he handed each soholar his awards he conveyed to a him a few well chosen words of encouragement. The principal (Mr Flannagan) when half of the programme had been gone through read his annual report. The report, which is interesting, will bo published in detail in our next issue. The Rev. Prior Murray, on rising to ac knowledge thanks contained in the report for the interest he bad displayed in the school, admitted that he had taken a great interest in it, because he recognised that ii was an institution eminently fitted for the education of youth. He was, personally, acquainted with Mr Flannagan before he came to.Eohuca, and was. aware of his high educational, abilities. Ho would have taken a deoper interest in tho sohool had it not been for the ' feeling in his mind that some sections of "the publio regarded it somewhat in tho light of a Oatholio sohool, He could assure them, however, it was un denominational, an i open to all religions sects, and he regretted that any feeling other than cordial should predominate amongst tho religious bodies of Echuca. The Rev. J. 0. Johnstone, M.A., .in ac knowledging thanks contained in tho report, also made mention of the progress the sohool had made under Mr Flannagan, and he gave a concise history of it sinoe its inception. He complimented the principal on the success attained by him, and trusted he would secure a continuance. During the evening Masters Downey and Trainor presented, on behalf of the pupils, two handsome souvenirs to Mr Flannagan and Miss Johnstone respectively. The fol lowing address was read, after which Mr Flannagan responded suitably, whilst the Rev Mr Johnstone returned thanks on be half of his daughter : — To Mr John M. Flannagan, principal Echuca Grammar Sohool:—" Dear Sir,— We are deputed on behalf of the boys and girls of your school to present you and Miss Johnstone with some mark of the esteem in which we all hold you. We thank you for the kindness and courtesy whioh you have shown towards us ; for yuur patience and perse verance in your labours as our teacher, and for the wisdom and leniency which has always characterised your discipline. We are glad to say thnt you have ever made it a pleasure to us to perform conscientiously our dut es. Tour aonolars, therefore, feel that you deserve some token at their hands of the Eood will and affection whioh vou have in. spired in them.. Accordingly, at the end of the year's v'ork, we hnvo thought it fitting to make you this patting gift, hoping to meat you again, and, meantime, wishing you a Merry Ohristmaa and a Happy New \ear.— We are, on behalf of the pupils, yours affectionately, W. Downey, and J. Tuatnor. The following ia the list of awards made SOB MAT1UCCLATION. Arithmetic.—Highordivision, 0. M'Brlde. Grammar and Derivations - 0. Henderson. Dictition and Spelling - J. Traynor. English Literature—Hugh M'Kenzie. Geometry - 0. Henderson. Algebra—Higher division, A. Hlokey ; lower division, Miss K. Johnstone; Physics—0. M'Brido. Jjitin—Lower division, Miss M. Fair thorno. Georgrapliy - Miss K."Johnstone. French— A. Hiolcey. History—Y. Oonrick. MATRICULATION. Arithmetic—D. Johnstone. Dictation and Spelling—M, Downey. Geometry—M. Downey. Algebra—D. Johnstone. • ! Most popular girl in tha sohool—Miss E. Doran. Most popular boy—J. Traynor. Best weekly marks—0. M'Brido. Best Essay—D. Johnstone. \- Dux—J. Skelly. PREPARATORY OtASfl. Arithmetic—Higher division, J. Morphot; lower division, Miss E. Weldon. Grammar—R. Johnstone. Geography—G. Doran. English Author—Higher division, Miss D. Morphot ; lower division, H. Hambiing. Dictation and Spelling—Higher division, G. Burkett ; lovor division, J. Stokes. Physics—G. Doran. Essay—R. Johnstone. Writing —Highor division, Mies D. Mor phot ; lowor division, F. Steele. History—Lower division, H. Hambiing. Reading - G. Nolan. Best weekly marks—William Skolly. A vote of thanks to the Mayor for presid ing was proposed by Mr Flannagan and carried by aoclnmation. The Mayor, in re sponding, congratulated Mr Plannagan on the success attending his past year's efforts. A pleasant hour was spent in dnnoing by a portion of the audienoB who romninod ac the invitation of the prjnoipal. 