AUSTRALASIAN ITEMS. The people all over the West Coast of New Zealand are greatly concerned over the wood worm, which appears to be eating down all the wooden houses in a most voracious manner. Within the last few years the houses have been invaded by myriads of these destructive insects, and there seems to be no remedy calculated to ensure the cessa tion of the pest's operations. A gentleman at Geraldton, Western Australia, has written to a friend in Dunedin an interesting account of the Mur chison goldfield. He states that the extent of the gold-bearing country is something wonderful. On the Murchison field there are now about 1200 miners, but he con siders there would be employment for the whole population of Australia if properly directed. A " ghost" has been successfully "laid " at New Plymouth. For a week or so past (says the Taranaki (N.Z.) Herald) Mr. E. Howell and his family, who reside in Gill street, hdive been much exercised in mind over certain mysterious sounds that appeared to emanate from underneath the floor of a workshop that stands in front of the resi dence. The sounds were put down to all sorts of causes, one gentleman, who was called in as a sort of expert, coming to the con clusion that an unquiet spirit was haunting the premises, so peculiar was the noise that was wafted to his ears. The sounds became so pronounced during the last day or so that Mr. Howell determined to investigate, and accordingly ripped up several boards in the shop floor, and by aid of a terrier dog located the nuisance, which turned out to be a pair of young penguins, who were nested in a hollowed out place which was lined with sea weed, ice plant, and odds and ends. How the young birds came to be in such an out of the way place is difficult to say, but evi dently they must have been hatched there and fed by the mother, for the youngsters ex hibit signs of good condition. The Railway Commissioners of Queensland challenge some of Mr. Eddy's statements in the interview with regard to the statement that the rates charged for the Queensland trade were almost equal to. the average rate for the whole colony. They point out that the differgntial rates between Bourke and Sydney vary from 1.30d to 1.G0d per ton per mile, wheoreds the ordinary rates average upwards of 3d. Then with reference to the rates for merchandise, they deiy that there is no undue competition, and stato it was years ago that the New South Wales Commissioners put the rates up £1 a ton. The merchandise rates from Sydney to Bourke are only about half what they are on the other portions of the New South Wales railways. The now Labour members of the South Australian House of Assembly are to be ap pointed justices of the peace. Mr. Dymock, general manager of the National Bank of New Zealand, retires at the end of the present year. Mr. J. Coates, manager of the Auckland branch, has been appointed to succeed him. A horrible tragedy is reported from the Maori districts of New Zealand. A native, who is said by native witnesses to have been possessed of a devil-in English, one who is insane-deliberately set on a Maori woman and bashed out her brains with the handle of. a satchel. The murderer then dropped dead from effusion of blood on the brain. Madame De Alba, who was terribly in jured by a misadventure with the lift in MIel bourne recently, has almost completely re covered from her injuries, and is so far ad vanced in convalescence that she will be per mitted by her medical advisers to return to business. Her recovery, which was at first considered impossible, has been a most re markable one. A malicious attempt to sink Huddart, Parker, and Co.'s steamer Wendouree. while lying at a wharf in the river at Melbourne was made on Mondayat midnight. It appears that some miscreant opened the circular-pump door belonging to the steamer and unscrewed the valves, the effect of which, if not dis covered in time, would have been to allow the water from the river to rush into the engine room of the vessel. The owners offer a reward of £50 to anyone giving information leading to the conviction of the offender, and the Go vernnaent has determined to supplement this with a further reward of £50, and a free pardon to an accomplice. The Victorian Customs Department has prepared a return of the amount of taxation paid through the department per head of the population. In the year 1874-75, the re venue was £1680,6.5 and the population 783.274, giving a rate per head of £2 s : in 1878-79., the revenue was £1,434,700 and the population 827,439, giving £1 78 per head: in 1879-80, the revenue was £1.438,206 and the population 840,620, the amount per head being £1 7s; and in 1889-90, the revenue totalled £2,825,131 and the population 1,103,727, giving a rate of £2 5s per head. In that year the tariff was increased. In 1891-92 the revenue was £2,605,598 and the population 1,140.405. the allocation per head being £2 3s; and in 1892-93 the revenue was £2,128,742, with a population of 1,140,405, giving a rate of £1 8s per head, or is per head more than in 1878-79 and the following year. The South Australian Railway Commis sioners- announce that the following bylaw will come into operation :-A rebate of 4s per ton will be allowed on wool carted from Queensland or New South Wales to Leigh's Creek for conveyance by railway to any South Australian port. A rebate of ls G? per ton will be allowed oi wool carted from Queensland or New South Wales to Hawker for conveyance by railwdy to any South Aus tralinh port. The Conservator of Forests in Tasmania has been compelled to retire in accordance with the retrenchment policy. In the Legislative Assembly of Victoria on Thursday Mr. Patterson (Premier) said that in order to provide for the unemployed, the Government would propose the making of two mallee lines, from Dimboola to Jeparit and from Boort to Quadmbatook, which would employ 500 men in a fortnight and 1000 in four weeks. Sir Graham Berry seconded the proposal, so far as the finding of work was concerned, but urged the making of sdmo railways near the metropolis, or the carry ing out of otlher works. A long discussion followed, principally at. to the merits of the Dimboola to Jeparit line. Mr. G. Turner moved an amendment to leave out the Dim boola line. The amendment was negatived by 52 to 10. 