Talk With a Direr- "I'd iiot g«»lu x I1 t»-ll ! . in .'ihniit jhiMts under c ii'iHrt , t. i-iy ii„- ! rial it in i It— alHi.j-r-.Mni «if s'f"uer-. j wiih book« on their kiiet-s, nH i' r.hn had i.eeii reading wheq tlu-y were drowned, because I haven't seen such. iNor nas any outer cover, x ou can t see anything in a sunken vessel. If anyone tells yau such stories he's not. a diyer — except that he dives away from tiie truth." Is there any skill required in the act oi oiviug— l mean getting down to the object on which you are at work." " No. That is to say, no particular skjl — jnly care. YQU must be careful not to go down the life line too fast, because if you did the pressure on you would be too sudden. But the »rt of going down is easy enough. The dress weighs a diver down. Yon see, his shoes weigh 20 lbs each. Then lie has on bis chest and back weights of 40 lbs. each, lu addition to this the collar and helmet are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of duck with a layer of rubber Itetween them. To the top part of the dress and a collar of copper is affixed, and to this the helmet is firmly screwed after it has been placed over the diver's head, Tlie helmet is large enough to allow a space of three inches around the head, and there are three tubes through which the air reaches the interior of the helmet. Before the divei goes down-a weighted lioe' is "gUnk U the spot he is to reach below. The life line is tied te his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air- is pumped into the helmet. Tlie diyer goes down, the weighted line, the hose and the life line faeiug run out as he descends. As he moves about below, those above must regulate the life line and. hose, and should be ready to pull him up as soon as they got the signal — a sharp tug at tbe line. Some people fancy there's a rushing sound, or a noise like thunder, made by the air passing from the hose into the helmet. But that's nonsense. You don't hear any sound except the strokes of the pump." " If those above ate watchful for any danger signal, haul the diver np promptly, do they usually laud him safe and sound?" Usually not. If a diver's careful about his work, nothing should happen ; but if anything should happen it is usually, all over with him. A tug on tbe line means death, especially if he ie down deep. The diver don't perish because he's cut off too long from the air, but from the frightful pressure. Take, for instance, the death of Jenkins, 'in 187.8. His hose hurst. They hauled him up in two minutes. He was a corpse. I. don't care to describe his appearance. It was harrowing. I cau give yon, from, an experience of mine, some idea of- the pressure. I was at work below, when suddenly the supply of air gave out. I tugged the life line. Fortunately I wasn't iu very deep water, and tney hauled- mo- out alive. But I: felt- while they were hauling me as if I had. a hydraulic j ack op each side "Of my head.. The- he se had. not burst, aud the pump. had. been working- all right, eo we were at a loss, to know why the supply of air hact-giveu out till we made -a careful examination of the hose. We found a lot of paper balls iu it. I don't know any one who is-an. enemy of sine,. so in my case a fool must ltave iut the paper balls in the hose.. The lind.of danger I have just described — hat of the stoppage of air aud death rotn pressure — is- perhaps, the greatest, tecause a diver, can't do anything to void it. It is the danger of accident b rough circumstances beyond his con- roi,. ' "There ia another danger, and a very urious one, too, which fortunately, owevcr, is not often incurred. The Ere8S.of a diver is. fearfully heavy and 'lot.. Go a warm, day the prespiratiou 8xhh, a diver, while his dress is being it on, will sometimes snow turougn ick. and rubber.. Now,. when you get to. the water, .the delightful coolness akes.you drowsy. Divers actually go sleep over their work. I have fallen leep but once. I slept at the bottom a creek soundly for one hour and a If. Now suppose you. had a jpb that a could work at only during one hour alack water, and, on going below you a asleep, and slept over your time., e time would come with a rush, your ik and rope would snap, and that nld be the end of yon. — Million. 