A TALK WITH A PORTRAIT PAINTER. " I suppose,"I remarked, " that portrait painting helps a man to become a good reader of character ?" " Certainly," said Sir George Reid. " I am becoming quite an expert in judging of a face. Still, I would say this: that phrenology is far from being an exact science; and I have noted it as a very remarkable and a very delightful fact that almost invariably I have a far higher opinion of my sitter when the portrait is finished and I have learned to know him than I had formed on first sight of him. Take my word for it, there is a wonderful lot of good in human nature." "And what do you think of portrait painting nowadays, Sir George?" " It is decidedly promising, and you see much that is really good. But, oh dear !" he continued, as he rose from his chair and began to walk up and down the room, " who can excel that wonderful Velasquez ? No man of to-day can come up to him. I would rather go to him than to anyone else. But you'll never understand him till you co to Madrid, and see him there. Sixty of his finest paintings. There you have him in his early, his middle, and his late period. The early is tight and hard, violent in light and shade. In his middle period you begin to feel a new sort of idea : there is more Nature in him, but he is still hard, there i3 no looseness. But gradually towards the end how he softens and tones down, and yet what intense reality there is ! Can't you/eel how actual his people are ? " cried the now fairly excited artist, as he pointed to the wall upon which hung some splendid photographic reproductions of Velasquez's finest works. And then, branching off for a moment, Sir George turned to me, and said :— " Why do Whistler's portraits attract so much? Because,"he continued, replying to his own question, " they are ghosts, they are shadows. It is as if you went into a crowded drawing-room and saw a ghost flitt ing here and there amongst the actualities ot warm flesh and blood. That is why Whistler's portraits are so remarkable— they are not people, but ghosts. " And now to come back to our friend Velasquez. Notice the wonderful landscape in that ' Peter and Paul'of bis; look up that valley, away up the distant mountains atid the nearer ridges running down towards the stream that, though it is in the foreground, he has dared to paint so very thinly, slightly. " But you see in that picture all the quality of infinity that you see in Turner's work."— Cass ell's Family Magazine. 