SPORTING. THE ANNIVERSARY SPORTS. The following appeared in the Daily Adver tiser of Wednesday last, from the pen of a correspondent, in reference to the sports which took place yesterday : — To-morrow will he a gala day for the sport ing public of the district. On that day Lloyd, the well-known Northampton runner, and Foster, a local sprinter ot repute, win try con clusions over 120 yards. Very little betting lias, so far, been done on the race, which pro mises to be a contest of tbe keenest descrip tion. On his past form, Lloyd ought to win. He has a good big record, and, with one solitary exception, has been running con sistently for some years. On two occasions be has met Foster in a scratch event. The first time was in December, 1890 in a hundred yards spin. Lloyd had just run a hard private race of 150 yards when he toed the mark to compete with Foster, and he succeeded in beating bis opponent, who, however, it must be said, was not in the best of form. In June last, duBoulay defeated Foster rather easny in tbe 120 yards championship. In the championship run off the year before, Lloyd beat duBoulay. This would go to show Lloyd very superior to Foster were it not that the latter put down the former somewhat easily in tbe 100 yards on New Year's Day. Lloyd's running on that occasion however, was, it is generally admitted, considerably inferior throughout to what it bad ever been previous ly. At the same time, it must not be for gotten that Foster was not in good form, and came on tbe track very fleshy and flabby. Under all the cireamstaneea, it is a risky thing to say who will win the forthcoming private match. Both men, I have reason to believe, are in tbe pink of condition, and are deter- mined to run all they know. In my opinion, Lloyd ought to breast tbe tape first, a short distance ahead of Foster, provided the start is a fair one and no accident happens. But I hope each mn.n will get fair play, and that the best- man will win. Now I come to Jones's handicaps. The first I will deal with is the half mile. The handi caps for this arelwell arranged, and, so far as 1 can see, give little cause for complaint. The limit may be considered a trifle too long, see ing that none of the men near scratch are first class performers over the distance, and it_ is rather dangerous to concede men who may be their equals 45 yards start. However, I am inclined to think that in this instance the handieapper has Hot erred, and that the result of his work in the half mile will be some ex cellent finishes. But it will be no harm to mention that it iB necessary for him to be careful about giving long starts when the runners he places at or near scratch, no matter . how good they may be for other distances, have little or no reputation for the distance for which he is handicapping them. In the half mile, I fancy the final will be something like this M. Kelly (35yds) ... ... ... 1 W. Smith (10yds) ... ... ... 2 E. Worthington (10yds) ... ... 3 Kelly, who is in form, has 35 yards start, and is not only strong, but has good wind, and there ought to be no catching him if he forces the pace from the start, and uses some judg ment at the same time. Lester has a big start — 45 yards — in this event, but his trainer has not been sufficiently attentive to him, and I am greatly afraid that, although they should do, the victor's laurels will not adorn his brow. As for the two mile, the handicaps for this do not seem so satisfactory. Ankers is deservedly put on scratch, but why Miller gets only 35 yards, while T. Cashin — who has proved his staying power by putting up a good record for two hours, and covering more ground than Ankers — is allowed 150 it is difficult to see. Miller has never shown that he can travel in anything like company any distance over half a mile, and although he has accepted for the two mile, he doesn't appear to me to have the ghost of a show. F. Cashin and M. Kelly, who have both already demonstrated their staying powers, have been awarded too much start of Ankers, who must be a wonderful man if he can win. The race should end as follows : — T. Cashin (150 yds.) 1 M. Kelly (120 yds.) 2 F. Cashin (120 yds.) ... ... 3 The mile walking match is third and last on the list. The handicaps for this axe good and the finish ought to be worth seeing. Lester, with his 120 yards start, should be able to take it, hut I think the struggle for first place will rest principally between Cashin and Peters. In form, Peters should win, but he is in noth ing like the condition of Cashin, who ought to breast tha tape first, if he doesn't, i Taken altogether, to-morrov programme is one of the best that bas been submitted to the sporting pnb&c; of this district, and some en- j'yable sport should, he witnessed. For the 100 yards, all-comers, I have not given my tip, for the reason that I am not aware who are to start. It looks rather Eke a mistake that the entries for this were not closed a few days ago. In that case everyone would know who were going to run, and a little mild excitement would be created over the matter, and the betting public would hare an opportunity to back their fancies. 