THE MERCANTILE BANK PROSECUTIONS. AMUSEMENT IN WATCHING THE PETTY OFFENDERS. —Argus. The preliminary stage of the impending Mercantile Bank trial was reached on Wednesday, when those officers of the bank charged with the issue of a false balance- shoot wore presented on criminal summon* before the i‘ity Court. It bad been thoroughly understood beforehand that the proceedings were to be purely formal—a mero application on the part of the Crown for a remand, unopposed by counsel for the defenoe, and instantly granted. Five minutes at most would settle the whole business, and for that period of time only would the defendant* have to brave the offensive curiosity of police court frequenters. The defendants would be in court and out of it again before they oould realise the indignity of being associated with the drunkards, the vagrants, and the other flotsam and jetsam of the street whose names figured on the charge sheet side by aide with those of erstwhile leading public men. So far as the actual proceedings were con cerned this was precisely what happened. But an accidental delay on the part of the Crown solicitor mode it nooesary that the accused should occupy the unpleasant pillory of the court for a much longer time than bad been imagined. At 10 o’clock precisely! the case was called on and the defendants were all in their places and ready to proceed, la the front bench, sustaining, os it were, the first shock of judicial Mutiny, was tho close rank of counsel for the defence. Further back, and almost lost in the crowd of friends and spectators sat Mr. T. 13. Muniz and Sir Matthew Davies, the latter supported by two of bis brothers, and io the back ground at tbo very furthest extremity of the court were Mr. Ellis Mr. Richardson and Mr. Anderson, The other defendant, Mr. James Bell, M.L.C., sat apart. But at 10 o’clock no representative of tbo Crown bad appeared, ana there was nothing for it but to go on with tbo ordinary business. For tho bulk of the audience tho monotonous “ Were you drunk?” “Yes." “Number 4, y’r worship, pleads guilty, ” and the regular pro cession of ragged coats and draggled finery, Lad little or no interest Popular concern was strictly limited to tho defendants, who wero only to bo distinguished from tho throng by tho amused interest with which they watched tbo unfamiliar scene being enacted around them. To all appearance they wore tho least concerned of anyone in court with the affairs of the Mercantile Bank. No solicitor’s clerk, stretching his legs beneath the benches with all the ease of long usage, could have looked more utterly at case. There was not a sign, not the quiver of a muscle, not the ghost of an anxious look, to indicate that they wore the accused in a criminal prosecution such os the colony has never yet seen, and, it is to bo hoped, urvor will see again. The Crown solicitor at length entered tbo court, and simultaneously Mr. Fanton, F.M.. took his seat on tho bench, and the real business of the day began. “ Answer to jour names,” says the usher, and counsel pop ap one by one to announce that “ with your worship’s permission’’ they appear for Sir Matthew Davies, or for Mr. Bell, and so bo, and so on. "The defendants-themselves, with one exception, ignored tho instruction of the usher to “ stand up wbo49 jour name is called," bat the bench took no notice of the omission, and the Crown solicitor at onoe began his address. Mr. Oaioness had but little to say. It was necessary, ho urged, to ask for a remand for six weeks, until Mr. Millidgo arrived, and when (he oouasel for the defence vociferated “two months” with one accord, the presiding magistrate took bis cue from them, and the adjournment until March 8 was decided upon in h minute. The question of bail was given ap by the Crown in precisely the same manner, and in loss than five minutes from the opening of the ease the whole thing was over (or another two months. 