ALL ALONG THE RIVER! Now FniST PUDIilflHBD. 1 BY MISS BRADDON, Author or 44 Aurora Floyd," "Dead Mon's Shoes," 44 Tho Day Will Como," "Phantom Portuno," "Tho One Thing Needful," &o.; &o.;, ' all queensland u101it3 reserved. . CHAPTER XI.— ( Continued.) 4 Room enough and to spare,' Captain Hulbert replied. 4 I shan't feol half so juvial walking up and down thoso grim old rooms as I fool here. I shall fancy a ghost pacing behind me, clump, clump, clump— a slow, solemn footstep — only the eoho of my own tread perhaps ; but I shall never know, for I shall bo afraid to look round.' 4 You ought not to make sport of weak people's fanoies, fob I am sure you don't believe in ghosts,' said Allogra, leaning with one elbow on the piano, turning over pieces of music absently, a graoious figure in a sage green volvet gown, out just low enough to show tho fine curves of a full round throat, white and smooth as ivory. 4 Not bolieve in ghosts ? Did you ever know a sailor who wasn't superstitious ? We ore too often alone with the sea and the stars to be quite free from spectral fancies, Miss Leland. I .can see in your eyes as you look at me thiB moment that you believe in ghosts — believe aud tremble. Tell me now, candidly— When do yon most fear tbom ; at what hour of the day or night does the unreal seem nearest to you ?' 4 1 don't know,' sho faltered, turning over the loose mueio with a faintly tre mulous gesture, whilo Isola sat by the piano, touching the notes dumbly' now and then. 4 Is it at midnight — in the gloaming — in the obill, mysterious dawn? "You won't answer! Shall I guoss? If you are like me, it is in broad daylight— be tween two and three in the aftornoon — when the servants are all idling after their dinner, and the house is silent. Yon are alone in a big, bright room, perhaps, with anothor room opening out of it, and a door a long way off. Yoa sit writing at your table, and you feel all at onoo that the room is haunted. There must be something or somo one stealing in at that remotest door. You daren't look round. You- go to the win dow and look out into tho garden or street — for a town house may he joBt as ghastly as a country one — and then with a great effort you turn slowly ronnd and face your terror, in the broad, garish sunlight, in tho business honrs of the day. There is nothing tlioro, of coarse, hut the' feeling has not been tho less vivid. I know I shall bo speotre-hauntod at the Mount. You must all come and soare away the shadows. Mr. Colfox, aro you fond of billiards?' 4 1 own to a liking for the game. I play with Mr. Crowther and his younger daughter whonever I dine at Glehaveril. Alicia is a very fine player, for a girl, aud her father plays a good game.' 4 Then you will come up to the Mount two or three times a week and play with me, I hope. There's a fine Thurston table in tho hall. It may be a little ont of order, but wo must make the best of it, and there's plenty of sound elaret in the cellars, to say nothing of a keg or two of Schiedam that I Bont home from thg Hague.' 1 Mr. Colfox will .not make much im pression on your claret or your sehnappe,' said Disney, laughing. 4 He is almost as temperate as ono of those terrible an chorites in the novel we were refldipg the other day, 44 Homo Sum." ' 4 1 am glad you put in n qualifying almost,'- said the curate, 4 for I hope to taste Captain Hulbert's Schiedam.' The captain expatiated upon what his three new friendfr— and his one old friend, Martin Disney — were to do to ohoor him in his solitude at the Mount. 4 Thero is nothing of the anohorite about me,' ho snicl. 4 1 love society ; I love life and movement; I love bright; faces.' He would not leave until they had all promised to take tea on board the yacht on the following afternoon, an engage ment which was kept by Allegra and the colonel ; hut not by Isola, whose hoodaohe was worse after the little dinner party ; nor by the curate, who had parish busi ness to dotain him on shoro. CHAPTER XII. 4 Undue tub Pjnk-wood, Bltnd with Bouohs.' If Isola hod any disinclination to visit Captain Hulbert's yacht, her headache only Berved to dofer the evil day, for aftor that first toa-drinking came other invitations and other arrangements, fish ing parties, luncheons oil Mevagissey, entertainments in whioh Isola muBt needs Bliare when she saw her huBband and his sister bent upon the enjoyment of the hour, dolighted with the Vendetta and her warm-hearted skipper. They were not John Hulbert's only friends in the neighbourhood. Every body aeomed glad to welcome tho rover to his native village. Almost overybody had known him in bis boyhood; and there was a general consensus of opinion that he was a muoh better fellow than his brother. He was less- courted ; bnt he was better . liked. . There had been a touch of oynioism about Lostwithiel which frightened matter-of-faot country people. 1 One could never feel snre he wasn't laughing in his sleeve at. our rustic ignoranoo,' said Mrs. Baynhum. '1 am moro at my ease with Captain Hulbert.' So the bright Indian summer of Ootohor — a. Cornish October — passed in pleasant idlings on a stormless sea. The equi noctial gales had not begun to rago yet. Thorp was a lull before the coming of tbo great winds which were to blow good ships on shore, and startle sleopers in tho dead of night. ):' All now was fair , and placid— sunlit waters, golden evonings. Tliey spent one bright, balmy day off Movagissey, a day .which was like a long dream to Isola, as she sat on deck in a low folding chair, wrapped in a great feathery rug . from the South Sea: 'l8landB,-,with4'iher£?.Bd;head--ae-". dining against a plush-ooloured oushion, oixe of the many effeminate luxuries whioh abounded in the cabin below. Everybody clso was intent upon the hots. Everybody clso was full of in terest and movement and oxpoetation; but she sat apart from all, with hor ivory knitting pins lying idle in hor lap, amidet a soft little masB of white, wool, which industry, was to oonvert into a garment for the baby. Allegra. was onraptured with the yacht. She would fnin have taken Isola down to the cabins below, to explore their wondors of luxury and contrivance, so much com.' fort and elegance in so restricted an area; but Isola refused to leave, tho deck. 4 1 hate all cabins,' she said. 4 They are always suffocatingly hot.' So Mrs. Baynham went bolow with Allegra, and they two explored tho two principal cabins with wondering admira tion, and even peeped into the cooking- house, and the odd little places whero steward and sailors contrived to bestow themselves. The chief cabin, saloon, or whatever one liked to coll it,, was as daintily decorated as a lady's boudoir. There were nests of richly bound books, oriental bronzes, and all kinds of continental pottery, Japanese and Indian embroideries, Venetian mir rors, quaint littlo satin wood cupboards for wine or cigars. Every niche was utilised.' 4 "What a dolicioiis drawing-room,' cried Allegra. 4 1 could live here all my life. Fancy, how delighful. A floating life. No suoh thing as satiety. One might open one's eyes every morning on a fresh coast, glorified, as one sees it, across tbo bright, blue water. To oxploro the Mediterranean, for inetauce, floating from city to city — the cities of the past, the cities of tho Gospel, tho BhoreB that wero trodden by tho feet of St. Paul and his companions — tho cities of tho Christian saints and martyrs, tlio island birthplaces of Greek gods and heroes. Think, Mrs. Baynham ! A yacht like this is a masterkey to open all the gateways of tho yvorld.' 4 1 would rather have my own cosy little cottage on terra firma,' answered the doctor's wife, in a matter-of-fact mood; but this speech of Allegra's set the good lady pondering upon the possibility of Jobn Hulbert falling in love with this bright, clover girl, and making her mistress of his brother's yacht. Her friendly fancy depicted the village wedding, and those two going forth over the great waters to spend thoir honeymoon amidst the wondor-world of the Mediterranean, whioh Die banker's danghtor knew only in Iter atlas. 4 Ho can't be rich,' she thought, 4 but he muot have a decent income. I know his mother lmd money, and Allegra can earn a good deal by her painting. We ought all to do our best to bring it about. A girl Las bo few chances in suoh a place as Trelasco. She might almost ap well be in a convent.' Mrs. Baynham was at heart a match maker, like most motherly women whom fate has left childless. She was very fond of Allegra, who was so muoh brighter and more companionable than look, ro muoh more responsive to kindness and affection. Ae she sat on tho : deck in the westering sunlight, somewhat comatose after a copious luncheon,; Mrs. Baynham's idea of helping Allegra took the form of a dinner party whioh she bad long been meditating, her modest return for nume rous dinners which she had euten at Glonaveril and at the Angler's Nest. She considered that three or four times a year it behoved her to make a serious effort in the way of hospitality, a sub stantial and elaborate dinner, in which nothing in season should be spared, and whioh should bo served with duo cere mony. Tho time was at hand when suoh a dinner would in a manner fall duo, and she determined to hasten the day with a view to Allegra's interests. 'Captain Hulbert is sure to be off again before long,' she told herself, 4 so every evening they can spend together is of importance. I'm sure he admires her already.' There was not muoh doubt about his feelings as he Btood by Allegra in tho storn, dirooting the movements of ber bare active hands while Bhe hauled in- the net ; not much doubt that he was as deep iu love as a man cau well be after a fort night's acquaintance. He did not make any secret of his bondage, but let his eyes tell all the world that this girl was for him 4 the world's one woman.' The invitation from Mr. Bnynham was doliverod by post next morning, as cere monious a card as if tho placn were May- fair, and the invitor and invitees had not mot since last season— a copper-plate card with the names and address filled in by tho lady's pon, an economy which dis tinguished her modest invitation from the Glonaveril cards, of which thero wero a vuriety, for ot homes, tonnis, dinner, lunolieon, to accept, aud to decline. A fortnight's notice marked the dignity of tho occasion— the hour the orthodox quarter to eight. . 4 We can't rofuso, Isok,' said Disney, when his wife handed him the oara, 4 although my pa'st. experience assures me that . the evening will ho a trifle heavy. Why will people in small houses insist upon giving dinner purties, instead of having their friends in instalments? "When wo go to dine with the Baynhams wo go for love of them, not the people they bring together; and yet they insist upon seating 12 in a room that will just comfortably hold eight. It is all vanity and confusion of spirit.' 4 But Mrs. Baynham is so happy whoii sho is giving a real dinner party. I don't think we can refuse, eon we, Allegra?' asked Isola. 4 Mrs. Baynham is' a darling, and I wouldn't vex her for worlds,' replied her sister-in-law. 4 And in a place like this one oan't protend, a prior engagement, unless it wore in the moon.' ; Tho invitation was accepted forthwith, and when Captain Hulbert dropped in at tea- time it was discovered that he, too, had been asked, aiid that he meant, to accept, if his friends at the Anglor's Nest were to bo there. .. A thunderbolt foil upon the little vil lage on the' following Sunday. "When the old men and women, creoping to oliurch a little in advance of younger legs, came to the churoh-patb, they found a brand 'new gate loqked pgainst thom, locked and barricaded with bars which looked as if they were- meant to lost till .thoifinal tataoksfe'Tta.Ropr; old oroa- tares looked up wondoringly- at a newly- painted hoard, on whioh the more intelligent among them spelled ont the following legend : — 4 This wood is the private property of J. Ynnsittart Crowthor, Esq. Trespassers will be prosecuted." TO HE CONTINUED TO-MORROW. 