Till] TWO CUPS. MELBOURNE and CAULFIELD. : ' ? (IIy tiie 'Old 'Un.'1 The entrios for tho Molbonrno nnd Caul flold Clips aro out, (ind thoir appoaranco 'servos to remind us jiow rapidly timo flies in these days of hurry, nnd btistlo. I re liiemlier'tho timo whou, as a schoolboy,, I received a coiiplo of hours'..- detention for some misdeed, thoso same two hours sccmod liko a week, while now a couple .of hours pass away lileo a ilasli. Tho oldor wo got the fastor tlio time gooB, and tho wookB aiid niohtlis follow each other with a fapidity.,'poBitivbly alarming. It only sceiiis liko a fow wooks ago that I was on Caulfleld course 'and saw ''-'Paris win in a cantorfroin Yarrau and' Clonard,.and then followpd'that; uiiserably .wot Dqrby and' Cup of. C:\nioqla, ami -.Glenloth. liut-tho. n]-peavauce of tho entries for the two' Cups again, brings - such- .victories ?; forcibly .to inind. .Tlio.Molboui-no Cup has obtained a, Jworld- wido prestige, and justly so. It is, Without doubt, (he'raco of the year; Al tiioiigh a falling oft in tho number of entries might havo been evnectod, they total only half-a-dozen shot t of last year. This is n striking illustration that the V.R.C. committee .-.uctud wisely ..in tho courso they .adopted of retaining the cntranco fees nnd acceptance money. Hardly a name of importanco is missing from tho list, tlio most notable absonteo being ihu New Zoalandor St. Hippo, whilo a good many peoplo wero ourpriscd nt tho omission of Calculus. During the past soven yoai.) the higliO3t entry for tho Molbourno Cup was .101 in 1801, the yoar .Malvolio won. Mr. Dakin will havo a difficult, though to him a congenial task, in handicapping the horses entered. He doos his work remarl: ably woll, and his fiiit Cup handicap was very creditable. He may comuieneo this year with about Oat 101b or 9at 121b, which will probably ? bo ' placed on tho back of The Admiral,' -vvhilo such horses as Camoola, Strathmoro, Cromorno, Zalinski, Malvolio, Paris, Glenloth, ic, aro'. sure to bo woll looked after. A good deal of dis cussion has. taken place as to tho weight Cromorno will get, and I have heaid it said he will have lOst. I do not think ho will, nor should he bo given. inoro'- than' The Admiral. ' The entry of Strathmoro comes as a surprise after all -n c ha\ e heard about his lameness. All the colonies aro represented, nud some of them above tlio averago class. From New South Wales wo have such horses as. Cremorne, Camoola, Realm, Penance, Ronda, Oxide, Paris, Donizetti, St. Albans II., Donation, Projectile-, Sir William, Little Beruie, &'C. Yictoria has a poweiful contingent, in cluding acouplo of Cup winners, and an Aubtraliaitnnd Caulfield Cup winnA;und Fortunntus, who landed'. tho Newmarket. With such an array of talent, nnd soveral crack three-year-olds to fall back upon, Vic toria will, as iinual, bo dangerous in tho big ovont. Takeol and Port Admit nl are a coiiplo of good ones from Sonlh Aus tralia. Tasmania has Pauline, tho Hobart Cup winner, Bischolf, Oraduntf1, nml ona or two.inoro. I havo seen Pauline, who is a rattling good mare, but tooi small for a Melbourno Cup. She must, howovor, bo game.ouough to win aHobar^ Cup, us tho finish at Elwiek: is very severe. New Zealand and Queonslaud have representa tives, and Nortii Austrulian is an imported candidate owned iu tho latter colony. So far as cla3s 'is concorncd thoro is no falling-, off, and , tho Melbourno Cup this year.should bo us interesting as over. For the , Caulfiold Cup tho .', outries total 117, and last year the number was 13 1. There aro jusfc as good horses . in tho Caulfield as in tlio Molbourno Cup, and as tlio two handicaps come-out on tho same date, it will bo in teresting to noto how Mr. Dakiu and Mr. Barnard estimate the chances of the same horses. The Caulfleld Cup is a popular race, and horses that can win it might havo a 'good deal loss ehaneo in a Mel bourno Cup. Our concingonfc is quito as 6trong in this Cup as in the other. I wonder what woight Brockleigh will havo ? Had ho been kept for this ovent it would have been a ptetty good thing for him. Ho.iB, howovnr, exposed, and is suro to got a fair Btwdiur on him.. Buccleugh and Bungcbnh avu both in, and th-; ' syndicate' aid lepresenlpd by Warpaint, Ulric, and Donation. The Warwick Farm stablo has a dangerous lot in Dickens, Killaloe, Ronda, Donizetti, Bel Giorno, and Penance. Malolo is' just the sort of horso to win it if nicely handled. Thero aro a heap of horses en tered that cau got tlio milo and a half in good timo, and others have not a ghost of aihow, Tittiu is in, and Sworbonror, who, if fit, will bo a hard horse to beat iu one .of tlio Cups. Paris, Cremorno, and Jewollor are a trio for Alsopp's stable. Groygown's name flgiuos in the list, so Mr. Mtiitland is evidently of opinion thero may yet bo another race iu him. ' Thero will bo amplo timo to give selec tions whon tho weights aro out. I havo rocoived n copy of ' Yorkshiretnan's' an nual weights for tho Melbourne Cup, and he commences with Tho Admiral at Ost 91b, but I fancy ho will get n pound or two' more. ' Ho plncos 9st (jlb'on Cremorno, whichis a fair woightcouiparcd.with The Admiral. Paris and Portscn with an ovon Ostench may get a bit inoro. ? I fancy Mr. ' Clnrlto' would be satisfied with an oven Sst on Donation. Taken throughotit, tho handicap is' well framed; and gives araplo ovidence of the care and nttontioii Mr. Frank 'gives ? to his work. Last spring- a horso 1 had n decided liking' for waR Jonathan, nnd I shall bo anxious' to see what his woight is. I tliink Mr. Dakin will givo tho crack three-year-old a bettor show than ho gave . Autonomy last year, whon ho placed the' heavy burden of 8st on him. Such threo-yont- olds (in November) no Carnago, 1'iojcctilo, Light Artillory, and The Sailor Priiico will havo fair weights to enfry/and probably Carnago 'will bo at the top of tho tree. = A two-yeiir-old that will dovolop into n good three-j-ear- old iK Delaware, the property of Mr. Walter Hall, and I should liko to seo such a good sport win n big raco like tho Derby or Cup. He has Oxide in, nnd as ho lias been backed already, someone must fancy his chanco. Oxide is a horse that hns generally been too heavily weighted, but ho should certainly got a hit takon oil this lime. Tho weights for both Cups are duo ou Monday, tho 20th instant, when no doubt «jx'.'t:lutiort will commence in cnrnvKt. 1 i:nvo loen watch ing certain liotocs for them) events with in terest, and if the woighU nr« all right, I d-i not think they will bo vury wido of the liiurl;. 