' OUTLAW & LAW-MAKER. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. CHAPTER XIX. — (Continued. ) All this time Blake had never asked Per to dauce. He . had danced with Lady Wavcryng, with Inn, with Rose Garfit. He had smiled at her in an absolutely con ventional manner when their eyes met, but 110 had never shown the least desire lor any private conversation. What did it all mean? Had ho been mad last night? Had she been mad or dreaming? Or was it merely that tho game was played, and that ho wished her to understand this, and that her claims upon his ultontibn were at an end. Well, he should see that she did not care. Sho smiled upon Trnnt with reckless witchery, and let him take her into tlie square of garden behind tho Club House — a cl 1 111 patch of fairyland — palms outlined against the pale moonlit sky, colored lamps hanging 011 the fantastic branches of the monkey trees and gleaming in thickets of bamboos. The bamboos made a soft rustling in tho night wind. Tho datura ilowers scented tlie air with their heavy fragrance. There were little tents hero nnu there, and cane lounges, with bright red cushions, set in secludud corners. To one of these Trant led her. Her shoulders were bare, and she shivered slightly as lie came close to her. "It is too cold to be out in the garden," she said. " Cold ; no, not in tlie least. But see how thoughtful I have been." Ho lifted his arm and showed her a white wrap, which he had been carrying half con cealed by her bouquet. He had asked per mission to hold that for her while sho had finished her dance with Mr. Anderson. " It is Ilia's," said Elsie. " Thank you." He put it on her shoulders. She took her bouquet from him. '"Thank you," sho said again. " I don't think there's anything you can do for me except amuse me." "I shall not amuse you," lie answered, " I am top deadly serious for that." " Deadly seriousness may be amusing some times. Go on, Air. Trant. Talk — talk — " " What shall I talk about — you or my self?" "Or both. Do you like my dress? Do you thing I look nice ? " " You look beautiful," he said deliberately. " Every time I look at you I — I want to kiss yon." She shrank — "Don't please talk like that." " I said I would jar upon you if I allowed myself to be real, didn't I ? That's what I really feel though. I want all the time to take you in my arms, and cover you with kisses. I would do it too— if " SI10 got up, " Please take me in. I don't like you when you sav wild tilings." " Don't be afraid. I have too much respeet for you to offend. Besides my time isn't yet. When I kiss you it sliull be with your per mission — unless " " Unless what?" "UnleEsIaeo that vou will never freely give me permission. Then I shall take it. But I do things inn big way, Miss Valliant — not in a hole-and-corner fashion. It wouldd't suit ine to snatch a kiss in a garden, and see you go off in a fit of indignation, thinking me an odious cad. You wouldn't think me a cad if I seized a kiss in some wild, lonely place, with not a soul in earshot; a place like Barblin Waterfall, let us say, whore you would ho utterly helpless, and at my mercy. There'd be something big about that. You d be too frightened to tell yourself I wft3 a end. You'd be frightened enough almost to imagino me a licro. And then, perhaps, I shouldn't take the kiss. Perhaps I should act a chivalrous part, and in the end maybo you would give it to mo of your own accord." Elsie laughed. There was something in his wooing that, rough as it was, appealed to her. Instead of moving away she sat down again, and leaned a little towards him, huddled in her cloak. " Well," ho said, " I am beginning to interest you, am 1 not ? I know exactly what sort of woman you are. I think a man might have a chance with you if lie carried you off by force. Elsie, listen " She shook her head, and made a gesture of rebuke. " Yes, I shall call you Elsie, this once. Elsie, Elsie. It is a beautiful name. I de light in tho name. Elsie. I say it to my self when I am alone. I kiss you in imagi nation when I am alone. Elsie, I love you." "Air. Trant " " You can't prevent me from loving you ; I have tlie right to do so, just as much as Blake ; only lie doscn't love any woman, lie is not capable of loving anybody but him self— — " Elsie gave a little inarticulate cry of pain. "Something happened last night between you and Blake. On, I know it as woll as if you or he had told me. I haven't been with Blake all those years for nothing. I know the signs of his face. I know what it tncaus when lie puts 011 that sort of mask he is wearing to-night. It means that tlie devil is in him, and that lie will go his way conic what will. Don't he his victim, Aliss Valliant. It's for your own good I say it ; don't bo- liovo in Blake." Elsie turned on him, her faco quivering with passionate anger. "Be silent on this subject; say what yon choose about yourself. That doesn't matter. It's only amusing. It interests mo in a way. But don't insult tlie by mentioning Air. Blake's name in connection with mine. I will not have it. " Very well, but I have warned you, and I have as good a right to make love to you as Air. Frank Hallett, and that, according to Leichhardt's town gossip, means a good ileal, if, as they say, you were engaged to him beforo Blako came on the scene. There, I am offending again. We'll leave Blako out of the question." " I was never engaged to Air. Frank Hal lett. Now you have said what you wanted to say, and there is an end. You are quite right, no 0110 could prevent you. But when I have given yon my answer tho incident will be closed, as they suy." " I haven't asked vou for an answer," he said, imnerturbably. "I don't want to close the incident. I intend to open it again. I love you. and I mean to marry you." Elsie laughed nervously. " Really, Afr. Trent, am I not to have a voice in the matter ?" " Oh, yes, later on. But you must get accustomed to the idea. I am not a poor man, Aliss Valliant. It may be as well that I should mention this, and I intend very shortly to cut this life — for good and all. I have had enough of it. I propose in a few months to leave Australia and to tako my money out of tho place. I shall not have done such a bad tiling out of Australia — " Trant laughed his odd laugh — "and then I shall go to Europe, and I shall enjoy life." " 1 am glad to hear it." " I shall bo in a position to give my wifo most of the things that a woman likes — travel, amusement, society, dress, luxuries, and what oujrht to count a little, unbounded devotion. That does count for something with a woman, doesn't it ?" " It depends on who offers it." "I'm not such an odiously unattractive fellow — at least I've managed to make some women care for me. I know I could make you care for me, if I set to work in tlie right way. Anyhow I mean to try." It will bo 110 use at ull, Air. Trant. It will bo only waste, of time." " We shall see. I think you will have to admit later that I am a man of determina tion." " Aliss Valliant, I have been looking for you everywhere. This is our dance." Tho speaker was Lord Wavcryng. Elsio got up and took his arm, and they went into the ballroom. CHAPTER XX. — Lord Astar's Attentions. As tlioy went in from the dim garden and through tho verandah, which was like a conservatory, with its decorations of palms, Elsie's dazzled eyes seemed to soe ill the glare of tlie ballroom beyond only one face and form, and thoso belonged to Blake. Ho was standing close to the doorway. Elsio wondered whether he would move away when he saw her, but I10 turned straight to them. But Elsie noticed that he kept his eyes 011 Lord Wavcryng, and she noticod, too, tui odd watchful expression in the eyes that sho had never seen there before. Lord Waverying spoke a word to him. He, too, kept his eyes with hard puzzled stare 011 Blake. He said, " You see we weren't so long behind you in getting here after all. But old Stukely is hard to move when it's a case of Alouton Rothschild '68— capital wine that — not damaged iu the least by tho voyage." ' " Not damaged at all," replied Blake iu a mechanical wav. "I say," said Lord Wavcryng, abruptly, " do you Happen to remember what Lalitte , Coola used to give us ut the Castle on high dav3 ?" Blako returned the look which Lord Wavcryng gave him quite unflinchingly. " No, I don't remember," ho saiu, and turned to Elsie. " Aliss Valliant, I am | afraid I am rather late in my application, but I must plead my steward's duties as a claim 011 your mercy. May I hope for the honor of a dance ?" Elsie's heart throbbed so violently that she instinctively put the hand which her bouquet shiokleu against tier side. She dared not look at him. The thought of the wild scene of the night beforo maddened her almost into fury. What right had lie ? How dared he think that lie could trifle witli her so J" " I am sorry," sho said, and her words fell like drops of 'steel. " But I am engaged for every dance. " " iilake said nothing. He only bowed, and Lord Wavcryng put his arm round Elsie, and steered her into the dance. " I can see," lie said when they paused | presently, " that Air. Blake is not quito in your good books. I wonder iiow ho has ! offended you." | " Oh, 110," said Elsie, trying to speak calmly, " lie I1113 not offended me, but of ' courso at this time in the evening I have no ' dances left." | " I would give a good deal," said Lord Waveryng, " for tho cheek to ask that man ! whether lie is Alorres Blake come to life again. I think I shall do it by-iuul-by." " Wiio is Alorres Blake ?' asked Elsi. " Lord Coola's brother, a fellow that fell over a cliff, and was carried out to sea and drowned ; at least, so they said. But you see somebody might have picked him up, and I10 might not have been drowned ; and what gives the theory a spark of probability is that Blako would have been had up to a cortuinty 011 a charge of inciting his regiment to Fcnianism if he had not got killed at the nick of tiino for his family, and for his own reputation, we won't say his life, since if ho wax drowned, ho lost that anyhow." " All 1 " Elsie drew a deep breath. Things seemed to suddenly become clear to her. " It must bo 10 or 12 years ago," Lord Waveryng went 011. ' I met Biakc, tho Morres Blake, you know, twice at Castle Coola, and I don't often forget a face. I11 fact, I've got an astonishing memory for faces, Miss Valliant. I ought to have been a royalty. They went on again. In tho next pause Lord Waveryng talked of Lord Horace. " I'm going up to see the Dell," I10 said. I hear Horace's works have come to a dead stop for want of funds. Well, if he is likely to Keep out of mischief — and he ought to with such a charming wife — I might see if I couldn't do something. Ho is my wife's favorite brother, though I can't say I ever hail a great opinion myself of Horace s capa bilities, but he is a good- hearted chap, and I had a lucky haul with the Two Thousand. I suppose vou know that I go in for racing a bit, Aliss Valliant ; and I might givo Horace a helping hand. He'll not get another penny from his father." For Inn's sake Elsie rejoiced at Lord Wavoryiig's benevolent intentions, and thought how pleased her mother would be to hear of the cxcollent impression Ina had made. That was very evident. Lady Waveryng was sitting now besido her sister- in- law, and they were on tho most affec tionate terms. Frank. Hailctt came next on the list of Elsie's partners. Why are you not danc ing with Blako this evening?" lie asked abruptly. "I don't know," said Elsie simply, and it hurt him to hear the note of pain in iicr voice. " Frank," she said hurriedly, " please don't talk to me about Air. Blake. Let us talk of other tilings — of how I am enjoying myself, for instance." "Are you enjoying yourself, Elsie?" " Of course I am. I have had a success. Everyone has been telling me that I look very well. Lord Waveryng lias been charm ing. I have been honored by an offer of marriage." She laughed hysterically. " A11 offer of marriage?" he said, anxiously. " I did not accept it." She still laughed— " But it wus— exciting. Come, Frank, don't let us lose any of this lovely waltz. I am iu wild spirits to-night." Poor Elsie. And yet when she went into the clonk room ill the early dawn, it seemed to her as though her heart must break, so agonising was tho pain of it. All the pretty color hud gone from her faco. As she stood in the corridor waiting for the jingle which was to take them ovor tlie bridge to Fcr- moy's, she looked like a ghost with wild eyes. "Are you very tired, Aliss Valliant?" said Blake, suddenly, beside her. She gave a great start. He was still im passive. " Yes, very tired," she answered. "Have yon had a pleasant evening ?" he asked, in tlie same tone. "Yes, thank you," sho answered. She lifted her eyes, which had not dared to meet his. They met them now, and something in the expression of his eased her pain. For there was pain, too, in his eyes, and a great yearning. " Air. Blake," she exclaimed involuntarily, and made a faint movement of her liancl towards him. He put out his hand and took hers. "Good-night, Miss Valliant," he said; "do you see that faint red streak in tlie sky, and do you know that in another hour it will be sunrise? Sleep well, and when vou wake, don't " he hesitated, and pressed her hand us he relinquished it. "Try not to think too hardly of me." Tlie girl said not a word. Sho moved proudly past him. "Ina, I am sure the car riage is there," she said, and at that moment Lord Horace canio crossly to them. Lord Horace had taken a little more champagne than was good for him. " What an internal tune yon have been with your cloaks," he said. " Come along, I can't see the tiling, and wo may wait here till Doomsday for it to fetch us. Come anil get into the first jingle we can find that will take us to tho ferry. We can walk the rest of the way." (To be continued.) 