RED DIAMONDS. BY JUSTIN M'OARTIIY. CIIAI'TE R X 11". — (Conti n ukd. ) Fidelia was standing a liltlo way back, watching this singular meeting with the deepest interest. 41 1 don't think I should havo over known you again, Lady beunlaio said, as she looked j fondly at tho young man. " Of course, it is a long time ago, and you have changed and grown and got strong. I should luivo known you by your eyes, I think — but then you cover theni with glasses. Has your sight grown short, Rupert dear V" 41 Sight wears out like other things in a wild sort of life." 44 Your love for ine hasn't worn out?" sho asked plaintively, 44 even in your wild life— if it was wild. Oh, I should have known you by your voice, Rupert dear ! Come— I must introduce you, before I say another woid .about myself, to my dear friend and colleague, Miss Fidelia Louke." She drew Jidelia for ward by the arm, and Fidelia looked frankly into tho bright, handsome face of tho stranger. Ono who had known Ratt Gundy would hod nave oeeii tiKoty to Know mm again m Rupert Grunton. The great drooping moustache had gone— the chin and cheeks wero closely shaven, and the jtincc- ncz con cealed the bold brightness of tho eyes. Ratt Gundy used to wear his hair rather long, and dress carelessly — Rupert Grantou wore his hair cropped close to his head, and was elaborately got up in the latest London stylo. Even under the pincc.-nc.z, however, Fidelia could see that; his eyes drooped when ho Raw her, and that his cheek colored a little— and be seemed embarrassed. Can it be, she thought, tlmt this reckless wanderer is shy — that he is afraid of a woman ? If Rupert had, however, been overcome by a momentary shyness, bo evidently soon got over it. He talked, in a rapid and easy way, to bis sister- in-law and to her friend. lie said but liltlo of his own past life, and seemed to convey the idea that lie would nrcfcr not to havo anything said about it. He told them that ho had come last from South America, that he had taken part iu a revolution there, and that be had before that time taken part in a revolution in Aloxioo; but he said nothing about mining adventures and diamond fields. Suddenly a now visitor was announced, at the mention of whose name Fidelia dropped her eyelids for a moment, and then looked up with a brightened face. The new coiner was Gerald Aspen, a frequent visitor at tho College of Culture during recent (lays. Ho came to Lady Scardale's dais, and received the greetings of her kindly hand, and then Fidelia shook hands with hiin, and then his eyes fell bewildered on Rupert Grantou. He did not recognise him, ami yet was utterly nuzzled witli some strange impression that lie must have met him— that ho ought to know him-— tlmt the bearing of the man wnu fn.mil in.r. Tim invsfoev uvtc nvi .in innd when Lady Seardale said, "This is my long-lost, roving brother, come hack to civilisation and his loving sister-in- law, Let me introduce Air. Rupert Grantou to you Mr. Aspen." Then Gerald's eyes met those of Rupert Grant-on, and a look of meaning was inter changed, ami Aspen knew tho whole story. 44 Como and look at tire fencing," Lady Scardalc said ; 44 you used to lie a great lover of fencing at one time, Rupert." 44 Yes, I have always kept it up a little where I could," Rupert said. 44 1 am very fond of fencing," Aspen said. .So they turned to look at the fencing. Mr. Rostock had kept up his practice mechani cally, it might almost seem, while they were speaking. Ho had tho air of a man who meant to convoy the idea that the talk which was going on was no business of his. Yet if any of his pupils lmd noticed or bad watched the movement of his eyes for other than fencing purposes, it might have been seen how often he glanced round at the dais, and how he seemed to follow the movements of Fidelia Locke with a keen and hungry look. Rostock was able to use his eyes for such purposes, for lie was too good a fencer to nave to watch very narrowly the feints and lunges of Ids pupils. He could spare many a glance at Fidelia — and at Gerald Aspen too. The whole group of which Lady Scardalc was the centre moved towards Rostock, who had just completed a lesson, and Lady .Scardalc introduced her brother-in-law to Air Rostock. 44 You seem to bo a wonderful fonccr," Granlon said. Ho had been watching the proceedings for some moments with much interest., con trasting the easy movements of tho girls with the odd alternations of rigidity and supple snake-like swiftness which characterised the play of Rostock. Rostock turned and fixed his dull black eyes on Grantou 's face. 44 Yes," he said quietly, 44 i do fence pretty well. And you ?" He jerked out the question suddenly at tho end of his answer, and simple though it sounded there was something in it of otl'ence, something taunting, which irritated Gran- ton, as a chance stroke from a whip might. 44 I can do a little of most things," lie answered with a laugh. 44 When a man has been in as many places as I have lie picks up a smattering of various arts, as well as half- a-dozen vocabularies. Jack-of-all-trades, you know." Rostock gave his shoulders the least per ceptible little shrug. It suggested dexte rously, though by no means delicately, the scorn of the expert for the amateur. Gran tou noted the action and was again an noyed. I wish vrm would so fur honor hf. "Pro- fessor," lie said, slightly emphasising the word 4 Professor,' 44 as to allow me to cross foils with you — if you are not too tired He underlined the last phrase, ironically, but the dull eyes of Rostock grew no brighter. "I am no.t tired," he said simply. 44 If you will come into my dressing-room I can lend you some things." The girls had all gone away by this lime: only Lady Scardalc remained in the room, and of course Fidelia. Lady Soardulo de clared that she was most anxious to see Rupert bundle a foil again alter all tluve years. She had seen him fence with his brother often enough in the old days, and she remembered his skill, and was curious to see it displayed again. Fidelia begged to be per mitted to remain, and Rupert expressed him self as at once delighted and dismayed. To tell the truth he did not in his heart fool iu the least dismayed. He was perfectly con fident that lie would score oil" Rostock, and he was very Mulling indeed that tho pro cess should take place before Fidelia. .So he followed Rostock into his dre.-isingroom with the thin ghost of a whistle playing about his lips. in a few moments Granlon came back arrayed in the panoply of the mimic duello. Then the fencing began. Gerald, stand ing on the little dais bet-ween Lady iSeurdale ami Fidelia, watched it wilh the interest . ..i.a. i. t... r,.ii : i< ton look part. Grantou was always some thing of a puzzle to him, but he could not help liking tho man and his extraordinary buoyancy, and his wonderful ability iu doing a great variety of things. It was evident from the first moment that ho crossed foils with the master t hat fencing was included in the things that ( !i anion did well, but it was evident also, at least to a skilled swords- woman like Fidelia, that Grunton had entered upon tho contest with a degree of onnlideiice which he did not keep unshaken after the first few seconds. Indeed, it Mas so. Granlon had been convinced that be m'otdd show this teacher of girls what fencing really meant-. He bad handled a sword since he was a schoolboy, be had handled . swords since on fields, wliero the issue certainly meant danger, and might very u'ell mean death, ami he had had the best of it in tho few onsen in which it was a matter of very serious importance to him that lie should have the best of it. Ho had tried his hand with every J,n rut #/Vtr//u:s in Europe?, and had always como off m'oll. He had been a member, and a distinguished member, of a famous Loudon fencing club iu I. lie days m'hen lie still more or less adorned society. So he had prepared to attack Rostock wit'li the same composure that an Kspadn would .show who was advancing luM'ards the fated bull. Rut a few eaconds changed his mood. It only needed half a -dozen passes lo convince him that Rostock miib the toughest of fencers he hud ever encountered, and a few more that the man was really ami truly a master of his m'capon. At first Gruutou had attacked swiftly ami incisively, try ing built after bode. — and he knew many a one— M'ith amazing rapidity. Rut Rostock met everyone of them M'ith an im perturbable certainty M'hioh astonished Gran- ton. if the man's rapier had been a very M'all of steel he could hardly have seemed lo bu more securely shut oil' from all GrunUm's assaults. Then, in his turn, Rostock began lo attack, and Granlon felt thai the tables were being turned on him M'ith a vengeance. He defended himself as desperut ejy as if he had been really lighting for his life on some grey morning in a Parisian park, and for some brilliant despairing seconds he suc ceeded in keeping Rostock off. Rut only for a few seconds. Suddenly the fencing-master's m'capon gleamed before his eyes in an unex pected feint, then there m'us a dexterous Itunof 1 1m wrist, a sudden sense on Grun- ton's heart that be and his foil were quite alone iu the m'orhl, and the next moment he felt the decisive touch on lite breast just where the little crimson heart Mas sewn on lb the leather of his jerkin. Grantou dropped his foil, Rostock re covered and saluted, Fidelia applauded, Gerald smiled slightly, and Lady Scardalc looked anxious. Grantou noted each action and understood it. Fidelia had applauded booauKo she loved tho game so well that, she must applaud the most skilful, quite apart from any persona! feeling. Gerald had looked surprised because he had not expected to seo Granlon defeated. Lady Seardalo "looked anxious because it slight ly worried her to think that her favourite should not succeed in anything ho undertook. Grantou had to admit to himself that lie felt some- m'hutohagrincd. He had wanted tliatanplausc of Fidelia's t,o be given to him ; lie had counted upon it almost as a certainty, and after all it liad been given to that funereal fellow, m'bo Mas standing there bolt upright and staring wilh his dull expressionless eyes at the dais whuro tho fair Fidelia ufas en throned like a queen of beauty. Rut Grantou miis not going to allow any hint of chagrin to betray itself in his manner. 44 Well done," lie said, laughing and extending Ids band to Rostock, who bowed ntidly, but did not lake it ; 44 1 thought was n pretty smart fencer, but I have mot my match iliis time and no mistake. You must have studied in rare schools." Rostock bowed again as stitlly as before. "It was m'orth taking pains about," ho said, "and T took pains." 44 1 believe one can succeed in anything if one only takes pains enough," Granlon rejoined, lifting his mask from his face und moving towards tho dais. The fpiicim'-iiuuttcr looked after him. . 44 1 hope so," ho said, more lo himself than to Granlon. (To be continued.) 