PiMithei Keary Tueiday, Thunday anil Saturday. ' I am in tho place where I am demanded of couaclonao to Bpcnk the truth | nnd there fore tho truth I speak, impugn it whoBn ' -' 'TIWSDA y, 3tA V S3, 1803. r — ? ; ? * - - ? - ? ) iTVwna opIgramatloally^atBortod ^of Qehb- , JtAti 'TAYlirau that ho 'hover oponod his mouth without putting his foot in |t.' . The 'Gbrraans/'toi prove -'how '.thoroughly1 'tin-' founded wna tho accusation tliat they woro too dense to' appreciate *Am6rloah~liumor,* seized on this anil rgtorted with a charge, of grc/ss Btuplijityl j Said they -I—' What!, for in atanoo, coujd bo moroj»bsm^_tbnn_aupEos]nB^ thdro~ra'ariytliiir({'f unny in declaring that' ClENBBALV.Ti.YLOH novor speaks without putting hla foot in hla month ?' . But taking tho orlKinnUnf' face. vnluoiUti would ^eom that Mr.iJ. ;-.L. PonVES, tho vot»lllo;'-Vl6;' torlnn Q.O., can claim a distinct affinity to old ' Rough' and Itoaily,'1 in that ho never', speaks without saying aonictbiug calculated to nttract attention, if oot to cluoldate tho Bubject under illtcussion. Tho' latest evi ilenca ho has given to this effect is that fur nlshcd in his rebuilt upceqli to thoOollingwood: Lodge 'of tho Auatralian Nutivoa Asaooiatlon. Ilorelu ho dwelt nt' length on theallnbaatb ing topic of tho hour, thp: Commercial Stag nation, and ndvaiiced Ills scherno for its ro moviil.*' The thonio is proliflo in the numbor of suggestions, ,' wise and othurtvlse which it has evolved, nnd acldom has n oub jeot ,: moro - f ully.ft lexompliflcd the classic proverb Qtttit Jwminct .tot tmittmtUe— (as many men, bo /many .opinions.) I Everyone ' has an infallible nostrum guaranteed to Wo tho malady, but few. have ndvnnceil ono more, startling in its 'oluirhc'ter than Mr, PU11VE8. After denounciugi In trenchant torma the' recklessncsa and extruvugotico o£. the spccu-: latlvo whirl wblol^ has lmd'ao' 'dlaaatrfna an ending, ho proceeded to rocommoud aa its remedy a Stato 1/ottei'y Sohpmoj by whloh coin may bo attracted to thc?publio cottcrB nud onco.moro olroulnUxl ;)n ntho1 depleted! veina of commerce. lie proposes by this means to oitor b'b prizes tho £4,000,000 or £5,000,000 worth of. proporty in houaoa and lands, iu and around Melbourne, now hold by prnotlcally Insolvent companies, and ho suggests . that while the Government may make a profit ; out 'of tho transaction, the public conscience may bo salved by: liberal donatloiia to , tho charities out of the proceeds. Of tills Bcheme, it may bo said that If there Ib anything moro ' directly lcsponslblc than another for tlio terrlblo depression under whloh - ^Melbourne ' la now suffering it is undoubtedly the spirit of gambling which hna been fostered In its people, .1 This, Ib tho canker.' ontoring deeply Into Australian Nntlonnl life,-1 but at present Itji worst victim is the great City which u few years agqiwqnt; mi|d under, its' fascinating cxclteineut, Tho propnrtion to which Its racing innhia lias durolopud affords but one of inaiiy.iiuUoaUoiia- oil this head';' and the desire to growA rapidly rich by somo unlucky chnnco, mthor than prosper slowly nnd steadily ns the result of patient industry touched Ita natural culmination in tho Great Land Doom Gnmblu. To thia is attrlbutablo all the lluaucml cvila that have aluca followed, and the present, coma with which tho commerce nnd the enterprise of tho country l» atricken.' The suggestion, tliereforo, ; to Improve mallei's by entering upon another, great gamble,' to , surround it with legal sanction, is na iiumorai aa it is Injudicious. Tho most that can be said for It la tlmt.lt follows the. tippler's proscription of 'a' hair of tho dog that hit you,' which generally ondV inj.nuralug inebriety Jntd* VAUr'liim tremtm*. It not only propoBus to aggravao the .malady, Wa. It, cbnwmii :;the! iildlviiluul 8i\bjcctbnfto1deba«'cli!tii'6'publio'c'6nsoleiico by making the State a participator in 'tlio gamble, nnd thiia stultlfylug ovory ofloft It has put forth for the suppression tot. this 'urylhg oviltt It lias been iirgotlVgainst VIo'-, torla, nud not without cause, that it has always beon moro ready to punish the small transgressor, ngalust its anli-gaming lawa than the bne who operates on a more exten sive scale, Thns the boy who plays pitch i and toss at the street corner is promptly run In, whilo the ' sporting ' member of Parlia ment receives t a Ministerial portfoliq 1. 1 The Ohlneso fiui-tnii dona and tlio 'totolisator clubs aro raided 'by tho pollce^whilo the busiiicss places of the big bookmakers and the club card-rooms are most carefully left alone. But though Parliament nnnually ad journs to allow lion, nuimbors to back their fnncy in tho paddock at l'lomlngton on Cup Day, It has not yet touched that depth of degradation which would bo rcprcaentod by openly legalising in Itself that which it affecls to rigorously punluh in others ; and so long aa it retains ono spnrk of respect for common consistency and public morality it will refuse to entertain any proposition of tho character suggested by Mr. I'UHVKB. It could not fail to demoralise, the wholo com munity by encouraging ita worst vice, and It would atill further pauperise tho people by hiring them on to expenditure in thia direc tion which it Ib certain they cannot afford. It ia no excuse or argument to any that prizes bo valuable would attract streams of money from outaldc the Colony. Possibly it would, and to this extent the country would benefit. Hut it would only furnish further testimony to the pernicious and corrupting effect of the scheme, and in no sense would it supply a sound argument for ita adoption. Mr. Pubvks regretted that tho ' fair fume of tho Colony had Buffered aud ita credit had but'u besmirched ' by recent events, and without doubt the facts afford ample grounds for this regret. But it ia not to be rehabilitated in better esteem or credit by I ho course ho proposes, since tbc act which would thus draw oven the Slate Itself into the gambling vortex would forfeit all title to retpect, and justify the moat severe strictures that could bepnwil npon its want of principle and moral stamina. Queen's BtnTHDAr. — To-morrow will bo observed na n close holiday throughout the colony, In celebration of the 7.1th anniver sary of the birth of Her Must Gracious Majesty Quuen Victoria. Tlio Bportlng llx turiiB throughout tlio northern portion of the colony aro not ao numuroiiH aa usual, but many of liur Majesty's lieges will doubtleaa enjoy thumaelvea In the orthodox picnic fnshlon. At llurnie thcro will bo a hack race meeting, which promises to attract a large number of spoctatorH, moru especially slncu tliu disappointment of the Ulvurstonn Racing Club with regard to theli' contempla ted fixture 'for tho lio|lday,'A, number of pcdiatrlan events nra to bo deoiddd at liar rluutou. A tea meeting nnd entertainment wilUakoplacu In, the Town Hall, Wynyard. under tho nusplcesof tho Wcelflj-nn Ohitroh. Tea at4 HOp.tn.i entcrtainmont, 7. Addresses wiU.bo dollvored.by-Hur. W. Burridgeand othcr ministers, nnd musical selections will bo, given, by. visitors and local ladies and Konilemon.. Tim aiuiu.il festival at the Cam In connection with the United Metho dist Free Ohurelr hna evorj-'prorotso'or'auo' cess, as this annual fenat.haa rapidly grown into populnrity.''Telegraph ofllees through out tho country diatrlota will bu open for business from 8.80 a.m. to 10 a.m. ami f ro|n fl.DO p,m. to 8 p.m.. . There wlll*ba doliv'«Hcs' of 'letters nt the post-olllccs ' on' this Ipart of tho coast aa follows !— I'dngulp, U till 10 aim. and 7 till 8 p:m: I Buriiio, 7 to 8. p.mi j ' Wa ?ratah, 0.80 to 8 p.m,( 'Wyiiyardj 7 to f p.m.1) Stanloy, 2.S0 to 3,80 p.m. | .Oonvioted.— Tho seating- capacity, of the 'United Methodist Free Church was taxed to its utmost on Sunday 'evening', it having been annouoocd that the Rev. W, II. Bowo would diacoursoon tho1 subject 'Oonvlotcl.' The rev. gentleman had evidently Intended that his subject should permeate the wholo of tho service, 'us tliu- musical selections' alul clovo tlonil.cxprplses, as well as the passages of oorlpturo chosen woro nproaiif ito the subjoct announobd. . Portion of the oth chapter of the Apoatlo 1'ivul to tho, Kpheatnns wiib read, and the rev, gentleman refqrred to tho 11th verse as particularly bearing upon his recent action In, cpuncotlou with breaches of 1 ho' Licensing ,Aot i— ?f,And linTQ. no. fellowship .with tho unfruitful works, of darkuess, but rather reprove them.' Ho mbntloned that ho, had beon strongly, .reproved, through the correspondence columns of the ' Wellington Times ' by ono who chiimod to be a l'reaby torlan for his actions concerning tho recent prosecutions ;' hut ho assured .his bearers that , ho would rat'nor havo the Word of God on hla side than that Prcebytorian or all the lawyors in tho Island with him. Ho had beon publicly denounced for doing his duty na a olorgyman In lotting In' tho light upon ;thq trauBgresslons of mon.'.iTho rev.- gentle man selected na hla text, portions of tlio Acji of the Apostles,' showing' that thu AposlK'S, being filled with tho' Unly Ghost, were ad miral by somo and, derided by, othora. Tho Apostlo Paul, aftor speaking to tho people 011 tho Day of Pentecost was blessed with tho salvation of three 'thousand souls,' whilo Stephen later on received three thousand stones, Tho rev. gentleman was struck with tho points of coutraat aa woll aa the points of comparison in the two incidents, anil contended that the same fuelinga were exemplified in tho present day. , Thu world, 'ho submitted, was it very good world whilo a person Bald ' yea ' to tho world'a ' yes ' and 'no' to tho world's ' noj' but lota man take bis stand boldly In the oauso of truth, and ho la charged with unduo act* of antngonlam and treated with ignominy ; and all: this bcciuiBn he dares ? to ? confront the PhlllBtiuq giants ,'. of/ tho, present' day. There were many present iu the assemblage that evening wlio by, their -vory acts ;wore crucifying Christ, and saying '. Not this man, but Barabbas,' and under' tho spirit of con-, vleliou wuro trying to justify themselves, The rev. gentleman. pointed -out that that was just tho difference between tho people saying ' What shall I do to bo saved,'| arid quashing their teeth at tho Word pt Ood. Despite tho recent contentions to tlio con trary he held that it was ths duty ofa clergy man tn attack the drinking houses and gambling dons which wore more demoralising tliair any othor Influences In the land, and also to insist upon good legislation. In the great conflict between the light of Christ and thodwullcre in ilarkneaa they must all tako Bides. Thcro was no 'sitting on tho rail,' to uso a Parliamentary phraso ; for the Word of Clod says ' l|u that is not with mo is against me.' In conclusion, ' the rev. gontlemaii urged a strict obedience, to thu lawaof Qod, - ?'?' -I -,??'?'?' ', I 1 Tjiij EiaUT liouits '.PaiNCipiiE. — The New Zealand . Government , will introduco .next session a bill making eight hours a loijiil working day in , the various -, trades. Thu,,colony will, bu, divided. Into i districts uiidera registrar, who will keep a roll of the liuinhers of ; each tmjo. On' receiving a pejltluu'frpm i-D worknri in nny trade the registrar must I10I1I a poll to bring the act inlo'force, and'ahould such poll bo favorable eight lioura will' bo doolared a logi^l day for that particular trodo iu that particular dis trict, m - - ii! ;? ? -i.-,- ?_ -- ! HAitnSwKAnmo.— A case waa triad to-day (wrotu our Stanley correspondent on Thurs day Mr. Anderson, S.M., which aroused couHuLirabla Intercut iimctie; tho skippors of (th? Bumll craft, Qi- Iratter linnwri here as tho mosmiKo f|ect. It commenced at 11 a. pi., was adjourned1 ' fbt- an hour for lunch and,, was not . concluded uatll , half-|mat four o'clock ' this afternoon. Adam Htutr.,* owner of the Marthiuu, a boat with a carry ing capacity of ton tous, charged Artllur' Lovegrovc, owner of a similar boot, , with maliciously injuring his vessel 011 Tuesday night the 10th Instant. Plaintiff B^lU-il tliat upon arriving' from Rooky Uafio on tho afternoon of the lllth and while fnstuning his boat up ho was told by Goorge Burgers that Lovegrovo had threatened to i|o him somo injury. In consequence ho sot a watch aiid swore positively that while watching with his mate behind tho lighthouse hu heard a noise of blows oil board ilia craft, and on going to see what was tho cause of it, mot defendant corning up tho steps of tho wharf from his boat, ami on tho top steps he turned round nnd looked him Iu tlio faco. This was about 7 o'clock p.m., defendant had snno In' strument with him like nu axe. It waadaik but ho was perfectly buro it was ilufeudent ns ho waa within two or three yards fit the time. Ho bolted along tho wharf; they followed but could not catch him. Witness returned to his vessel nnd found four nugrr holes bored through and a plank chopped in too. This dnmngu was dona just above watarltaa from tho deck of the Teasel. Brown, hla mate, gave similar evidence. George liurcess gavo evidence to the effect that he heard defendant say ho would aerve plaintiff out if he got aix months for it, be came he would'ut luku n line for him when asked. Mr, Ferguson dpfe'ldud the case for Lovugrove, and brought four witnesses who swore nn alibi, having been with defendant on his boat from six till after nlno that night and never left him tho whole time. Walter Burgess nlso gavo cvidunco Btating ho met Slut?, that nl^ht after nine o'ulouk aii.l they were talking about their last trips but he aa(d nothinn about his boat being injured in any way. In face of the strung evidenco against plaintiff the Commliuionur dismissed the case. Pabattah-Oatlands Railway ? The Railway Department have had under con sideration for some time past the ndviaability of oloalng of the ParaUah-Oatlanda Railway ju wunnjueucuui Luc loss to me uepartTOeQ of aomc £i)00 per annum since the line waa opened. It haa been decided to try another three mouths with an increase of freights and by charging full fare for return tickets. It is estimated that under these arrange ments tho loss will not exceed #200 per annum, ' r KSOAl'E Of THE PlUSONISn llAUIUB. — About half-past 10 on Sunday night, as Con stable Wills was retiring, a Bound from the gaol yard attracted hla attention. Thinking that the prisoner Harrin, who in awaiting trial for »tra\llng a horse belonging to Mr Turner, wns knocking for aomolhing, the constable wunt out with thu Intention of visiting his charge. Much to hia surprise he fonnil tho 'passage leading from the cells to thu gaol yard had been opened, and a glancu. nt the Colls convinced him that Ills 1)1 I'd hnd flown. Prisoner has neither been Beon nor hoard of since. It ia supposed that when the constablo v/m bolting the cell door, Harris placed a knife iu thu catch to prevent thu mlt being ahot home, and aftcrwarda levered thu, bolt out of, tho groove with the knife. Tho knife hail, it ia aurmiaed, nlso been uaud to unscrew tho look on.tho. gatu Icadlng.iuto the 'yard; 'anirtho constablo waa evidently aroused by Harris clamouring over thu outer fonco, Prisoner is well-known along tho ooast, nnd ns thu various moans of escape are bpingjli;i|aiHly..watcliOii- by.thu pollcertho 'rnan'a-Hbsrty will doubtleaa bo of brief duration, ;-f. i,»-niir.ut'*2 j ?' \- Wauatau Road' Trust, — Nonihaticma .will. bo received up to 'Wednesday, 't|io Slab inat.yfor thoolcotlonfor n'tnisteuto till thd vnoaney caused by tho retirement of Mr,. BoborjTHanaon. '[''p^] ,;/,, , \, \ n«.;i '^pu«A%',rp'-j'Ll'p'B'!RATB.^Notioo!.ls given by advcrtiBCinunt that,, proceedings iwill.be taken against persona 1VI10 have fatled'to' comply : with tho clemaud' for tho Rural Police Rate duo on tha lst'ult. j , : 'Road Tbust S oubIdies.— TJ10 'apportion'.' mont of the £0,SOO voted by'Parllaiiiant aa aid to Road Trust* Is (says, tlio I'.MarAury ')J still in abeyance. It lias beon diBqjvercil that somo o£ t|io Tiuatahad Inoluiled in their stnto'mont of amounts, rccalycd upito 1'ubru-: ary 28, sums which wero not actually jin, hand, but whluh wero certalu to couiotin. within a few days, and for which they were prepared to glvo their own cheque. Thin, of course, could not bo allowe.l, a* the Act did uot.ooutpuiphite nny.auchjnrrangoinent, arid ^o^thd.amouQta bo irreguhiily laoludod havo had to bo deduotod in each c.vio in which? the' error wnai oommlttotlj ri Ai soon asf this matter is adjusted, tp.a ;a.u.pis aviiilablu for each Trust c.in~be at once sottled. I Labob Potatoes.— I have soon mnny. largo potatoes this yenr at Messrs. ISJllH'. itora (.writes our Ulvcratoue caricanoideh't) ?raoatly grown at North Motion, above the Barren Hill, but the, palm for size Is takojii by one *I- saw In the store tho : other! day, grown by Mr. Andrew Lillloo, of thu; I'lao Road. This mammoth araong tubers woighed 41bs Boz, nnd I tliink'abbut boats the reaord, for this, year, nn .any rato.. It is fairly woll ?'shaped,- considering its*groat 'sliier*ancl.ll8 purfoctly sound. :-'; ,'t '\'/..-\'s. \ .,,;.,,'. OlBOULAli ' TlKAD BUTTEB FAaTOUV'.i Tondors aro invited by advertisement, in another part of this Isauo for'tho'orecti'on'bf factory buildings, oto., at Muddv, Creek, for tho Circular. Head liuttor .Wietory. ? Plans and apooilicatiqns may bo aeon -it,,thu ' Wol. ltngtouTimca' olllco from to-day until Friday next, Inclusive) ; from tho Sj7th to thd Slat lust.',, at- tho olllco of ' tho sccrotary.of the Table Capo Iluttor Factory |'nhd from tl\o let to tho Oth prox,, at the post-office, Stan ley, .. Toudora must ,bo in ;t)ie ,liand»,of the seoretary by 8 p.m. on Ttieiday.Jurio fl.j Iu. touding local tondcrera should gpbtaln tho necessary details at bncu, as tl|o speeUlcationa rauat be do-patchod to Wynyard on Friday n'8llt- ? n.;.'..': I.,,., 'IWiiMi;,' 1 i Wynvahd New *HAnBovn.-i.Tendors aro, invltod by;i tho IDepartniont 'bf ' Publlo Works for constructing n small timber train* ing wall .at Paraon'a Crook,, \Vj(nyact Newi HnibtmrV'' Specifications ' at' post olllecs, Wynyard, Burnlo, Ulvoratonq1 and Lattobo. -\A :Qood; OitANojs.— ;lir.La'ilcoliottj an. nourices that the olosring salo of dropory.' millinery, groourlca, blaukets, 'etc., advar* tiscd to take place at Ponguln last Saturday has beon postponed until next' Saturday 'In' tho Hocliabito Hall, at 2 p.m. : PuuriiQWoBKd Trndbbs.— -Tho follow. Ing have boon ? aoopptod I— Livvor Gawler rond (oxtonBlbn southwards of Gawlor bridge) costraot I. F. A. Lynch, «20 ;, parishes of Ashwater and Stowpo'rt, xdad from Hlytho brldgo, contraot 0», B.rO'Rollly, £38 10/3; The tender of T. Nolan for fot aontmct 8, roads, parish of ? ^arrawa, Narrawa road, gazetted June 28, 1BU2, in aincollcil. ' The Recent Stobm.— During tho storm yesterday . a troo'in Mr; W.' 0/ French's pnd ilock at Harrington (writes tho'1' N. W. PoBt '' correspondent on' 'flmrsday) was struck by lightning, tho result being vory 'remarkable. I havo heard of troea being: struck, aud havo seen Buch trees with a crack down their side lunlvBonio spllntora torn off, but1 I never,, ovon heard , of . a ,,^roe being shattered' into , thousands ,, of pieces nnd literally, torn up ,by, tho.Tootar Oh vialting thesppt to.(layuMr. Fronoh fur niBhod mo with somo particulars, though thoro was llttlo 'need for any' special guide in order to1 aBcortain tho' ha_vod, that hud taken place,' , Mr., French' sa,id ho was sit ting in tho'bnok room,talklng to somo friend, somo ohildron bolng on the sofn, whon |ho .nud the othersiiwero alarmed' 'by a heavy body Btrlklng ..tho. ; hou»e,; immodlatel' followed by a nolBo liko tho dlaehargo ot a number of cannon.' On proceeding outBido tho oaura was too plainly vlsf bio'. *A largo trfeo, .about JtJOft higlw wlilolriliod:4ost- Its' top branohesj.jhad.jbijpu. struck -.by', lightning, 'J10; ..»-, ''^h?'.i; lifoqes, ,[? abouti.iim 1 lorn having ,. struck, .the .houao-closo. to Ithe window, and , somohpw , bruised , tha. sash and' broke , 10 1 panes of ? -glsiis 1 out of, tho 12. Another pioce had broken, a pano In tho front window ; another, pieco had struck tho corner of tho houao glanced off, dashed through a paling fonce,nnd finally lodged in the lane. , Tho treo stoot about 60yda from tho.houso. Tho dobris around tpld Its own tale, hundreds of pieces from a' few pounds 1 weight to ihalf a ton, and literally thousands of amnller pieces, covering thu ground ? all round, many pr,.;ea to tlitt distance of 150yds No llylug th|ug could lmvo esoapea that stood within 100ft. Tho action must have resembled that of bombshell. About 20yds from tho treo stood tho orchard fonco, consisting of posts nnd raill. On this the fury of tho scattered fragments seoma to havo apout iteelf, for twenty panels were blown down, ovory post be|ug split. Tho splinters l|nd evidently operated laterally, like 11 ahot from a gun. On tho inrther aide of tho orchard a largo plere of wood had broken down a panel of pailnir fence and gone right into the roota of n largo atump. Other plecea hail broken some fruit trees Every atom of wood, from tho top to tho roots, some Oft, Oft, or 7ft high, had boun scattered about na abovo Bt ited The roota were nliio torn out. The eleetrio fluid has done ita work to Buch perfection that probably not ono person in Tasmania will, during the lifetime of a generation, see the lfko again. Klowebdalb. ? Onr correspondent writes :— 1 am glad to see that tlio road trust are getting a long needed job done nt \T\I\ u'° grading of the side ronil on tho big hill. Thia will glvo somo show to bul locks going down with a load.— Potato crops are not turning out as well aa they should, as, owlug no doqUt to 'the lqng spell of dry weathor, small potatoes are running about half the orop, and in some caaes more.— It is high time the directors of the butter faclnrr mn sidere.1 having a creamery 'itab&hSL; as during the coming season there will be a snflicieut quantity of milk-One volunteer ^?av-gunc 5° lry hiB lBuk »*? the class' iu Hobart and we expect to ace him come back B^ull blown corporal-Well done-; ™Iow«. MiNlNa.— Tlio 'Zeuhnn Herald' of tho lllth lust, (thu latent date to hand) states that thu Oonnli Company now have nbout £1,000 aa thu result of royalty obtained from trlbutora.— The Oonah tributnra nampluil and aoMnn Satnnlny 11 tons lBowt lqr lillba of . \ gusaan nt «1» 7/. per ton, and 21 tons Uewt 2qra241ba ot galena nt £1B 17/. per ton, all net value. There la atill another pared ot KOHMiu remaining ready, for sampling. — For the fortnight ending Wednesday last the output of oru from the Western was Mr, tons (if firsts mid (US ton b nf aeconds.! , 'There Is no change of importance to report in tho stopei, . which lire .keeping their average appearance, and tho preHunt regular output of 70 tonaof lirsta per week, with the cor responding proportion of seconds', could bo Increase,! any timu If rcqulro. Thcro nro now about ft,000 tons of second-cl(\8a ore at grass, which will be conHldarnbly supple nwutcd by, tho time, tho cpnoentrattng plant Is 'ready, Thu foundation works for tha lattur aro bolnt^piiBhcil on, TlfK HpnAiiT Ei.eotjjio ,TnAltWAY,— . 'Prom'nn oxohatigo vro' learn' that tho work In connection with tho Hobart tramway has ?advanced' so f ,ir th»t on' Frldriyii tho wholo of the imachlnory Was aot in'- f nil motion. For some days paBt stenm had been got up v In t/hp^our bollora, wldoli^ dr,lvo, tho thrco dynamos,,' iifu\ the lattor 'wore' In full work. lOvery thing worked smoothly, and, without the .slightest; ; f rlctlo,n, ' JA... ilposo,, wiro was 'cnnncctod;.w|i;h one of the oars which was ?driven along tho lino from the shed to tho street ? and 'back for some - time, a large number of I persona taking advantage of tha opportunity to have n rido aiid inspect the .i)iaohjuery., ;So soon as thodlfriquUv In con 'neotijinl ;wltli th'u^tolegniph 'and telephone wlrcjln ^le.vioinlty of the telegraph oIUcq is overcome, the company will bo in a poal tlontprnn'toNowtowriand Casbaaoi. : 'The 'Modnt Ltbm, WiifB.— With refer once to' tho recent mneltlri'g of 100- tons of .ore from tha Mt. Lyell mine, under the super vision - of 1 Dr. . fetors, the Zeohan corres pondentof an exchange states that thu oro (,k,nptyn ,aa pyritlo ore) bofora smoltins assayed 19;8 pep- cent, I601' jiet' ton silver' and idwt pot ton , gold,. ,Toa. 100 tons -.reduced to- abotit 18' tons' of 'matto, whloh aiiayajli 5 it .J f par -, cent,; * iibppor, 200oii. silver, and 2Joz gold per ton of matte. The ^ doctor's repoit:ontho:mlno'l3: based on tha following assay valuoof tho immehia 'deposit aa It now stands :— Copper, 5 por cent, ; sll ver, lq« :. and gold, 8dwt per ion 1 and thla cstlmato does notHaito into 'account llio rich volna or po9kots of allvor oro p^ToiLto oxlat in the formation, Asa sample, of ihla rich ^iy, }0 tons word brought' down, andj shipped away.in t\Vo . parcols, whloh assayod'irespoc tivoly,',46'ioz;sllvor, nnd „ fi2Jm) fH'yor and !-!dwt;of (gold, 'per .ton, ' .7Pfii ? poljeiy,^ ia nn Intorviuw, Infonnod nio that hujias' no doubt p? t;hQ': pajivl^oj natHrft/.'of^^hlaV^mmenBQ deposit, provided the necessary capital is obtained to work it on tho propor largo scale, and witli, tho latest, so(otit|llo,appliancea. , AuPay,oi»,Piuybr..— Jtits'ropartqd that the Day of Humiliation and, Prayer in Mcl bourno on Wednesday 'Inat was -, npt popular among, tho, men, and, tl\u congregatjons in the city ant) suburb* wore mainly composed of woman,, ,:Tho , sterner Btult.denla.rcd that there wn?, a patent; absurdity, not, torsay a spice of saorllogo hi regarding as,'|ah;act of ' God' that for, which men wore algno rcapon slblc,nni| uiey declined tqprofbsa.thuronolvoa nuniiuritea merely, .becausoi they, iiait. been swlndlpa.i |Thb ;PVayorj:Patt ^ya^nllr rigut from a gonqrnl polut,pfi .view,,, but, frpm tho special standpoint it' rcoalled: BI»hop,;Moor house's remarks |about,,thq,ntppo8al to pray for rain, in. the snmmor, vw(iljo,ail|tho,5vlnter s atorawns allowed to run to wftBto. It is to hoped, that the - response will, bu , more., effec tual than tho prajor was general, or tha rciult niay pot. justify, the Blab.op's fnith In his own prescription. ' , ' ; , .?: v ':,(?:? ---^- '? '??-'?'? '-™u. 