HANDSOME, HAUGHTY, HATEFUL HARRY HALSTEAD. that handsome, haughty, hateful Harrry Halstead !' was the end of Miss Kate's account jrm of the company she had seen at the theatre last $ bfo V. night ; an account given at the table that bright April morning, after she had examined the crocuses nusbinsr through the drift of melting snow beneath the window. Kate was alone with Mary in the breakfast-room, her mother and father having finished and gone for a tete-a-tete in the library, after their wont. 4 Harry Halstead is his name ; handsome he certainly is, haughty he may be ; but why you should call him hateful, that splendid fellow! — and our own cousin, too ' began Mary. 4 I don't suppose,' cried Miss Kate, 4 that anybody could be hateful and be our own cousin ! What angels we Halsteads are ! He's hateful because he's so wickedly proud ; because he holds hi3 head so high ; because he never will forget hi3 absurd dignity ; because he is so afraid of being under an obligation, of being imposed on, of being taken in and done for ' 4 Oh, stop, stop, Kate ! You just mean that he'3 hateful because he won't propose to Laura.' 'Well, why won't he propose to Laura? Here he's been hovering round for a year. He can't keep out of her way. He succeeded in getting her thin and sleepless, pale and melancholy, and himself as blue as the Ghost in ' Hamlet.' You ought to have seen how white she was last night, with her great eyes never off the stage. I wouldn't let her get up this morning. And there he halts without another word, just because he has nothing but his little salary, and she has half-a- million of money. And papa wants them to marry, and »Ar.ViAtT? onrl mommo ttot fa 1 f a r» aVto'o 1JC rj o ucpucn ouu iu«luuio houw wuu uuo u mamma's niece ; and papa would give him a house — and I think it's obstinate ingratitude ' 4 Nonsense ! I'm sure I'm not able to see how any body can blame him. A man that is a man wants to bestow upon his wife : he doesn't want his wife bestow ing on him ' 'Pshaw! Wasn't papa a man? And you know the money all came on mamma's side. If she loves him, and he knows it will give her the very top of happiness to do the 'bestowing' — bestowing of what she doesn't value a whit in comparison to his love — I call it very selfish in him not to let her !' ' Well, you're not a man.' ' Thank goodness, no !' ' And you know you haven't put it fairly. Harry was living with us when Laura came here, and appar ently the very moment he found himself interested in her he moved off. It did make me feel so badly to see his self-contained way — Harry Halstead — that all the WULLieu ate uaii uihii ttuucu— — ' Oh, I know all about that. .Of course he's a superb fellow I Or else Laura wouldn't care for him ' ' And he has come here since, only when he had to come, on the Mondays and Thursdays, to help papa about the work he undertook for him two years ago. I think he has shown himself a man of principle ; and it makes me admire him ; and so it does Laura — more's the pity — and I've no doubt she'd rather be poor as a church mouse ' ' It doeBn't make me admire him 1 You talk as if there were nothing but money in the world — as if the contemptible accident of wealth were a crime for which one must pay penalty. If he isn't coming to the point he onr/ht to 00 awav. He had better ero to Africa, to the moon — anywhere ! Fooling around Laura and breaking her heart ! — oh, how I'd like to make a fool of him ! And this is April Fool's Day, isn't it ?' cried Kate, with a sudden thought, her finger on her pretty lips. ' An April Fool of Harry Halstead,' she said, slowly — ' of Harry Halstead — just think of his wrath 1 My gracious, I do wish I could ! I do believe I can 1 I declare to goodness I will !' And therewith she burst into a gale of laughter that rang through the house, and might have horrified the handsome Harry, who, at that moment, opened the door and grimly made bis salu tations just as Laura Devonsdale entered the breakfast- room from the other side. Yes, she was very white, as Kate had said, although iust at that instant the faintest dream of a flush suf- fused her face, as if the light fell on it through the rose she held. And what a face it was 1 Perfect in out line as those faces cut upon gems 5 so soft and sweet, too, in its pure mouldings, with something touching about the curves of the lovely lips, the innocent appeal of the long-lashed, dark-gray eyes, with sapphire gleams in them ; the white brow, with the rings of dark hair breaking out irrepressibly about it — a face wanting nothing but the vital colour, whose eyes lit it up with a sort of splendour of intelligence, and whose smile made it half heavenly. And it was quite plain that Harry Halstead thought and felt all this in the same instant that ho glanced at her with a heightened colour of his own and asked for his uncle. ' He's talking with mamma in the library,' said Kate, ' and won't want to be disturbed just yet. Some bank or other haB broken that they seem to be very sorry over. There's a perfect murrain on these banks ' ' I wish they'd all break, confound them !' Baid Harry, moodily, his head on his hand aB he sat at the table with them. . ,T ' Why, where are the letters this morning, Mary ? asked Kate. 4 Ah, there comes the sable Mercury now !' and she fell to opening her voluminous corres pondence, the remnant of school days, while Mary poured Harry a cup of coffee after his morning walk, and Laura sat playing with her toast, and absently listening to Mary's efforts to keep a smooth face on things. ' Oh, my goodness !' suddenly cried Kate, with a start of alarm, and then picking up the letter she had dropped and relapsing into silence. ' What is it ? What's the matter ? Why— why don't you speak, Kate ?' came the chorus. ' Dear me ! What's what ?' answered Kate, glanc ing up. ' The news,' s-iid Mary, ' that made you start so! 'That !' said Kate, a little nervously and hesitatingly. ' Oh, nothing !' impatiently going back to her letter. ' Kate,' cried Mary, ' I declare I know better ! Why, your hand is trembling like a leaf!' ' How ridiculous !' cried Kate. ' What perfect non sense.' And then, looking round at the inquiring faces, she began to work herself into a passion, after the manner of her father. ' I never knew anything like you ! You can't let anyone even read their letters in peace !' she exclaimed. ' It's enough to exasperate a saint. You'd try the _ C T"L Li paiience 01 oou uiuiaen. ' But, Kate, what are you so excited about ?' per sisted Mary. ' 1'rn not excited. You'd excite a stone with your question. Why should I be excited because Burgess Brothers ask for an extension from their creditors ? That's what I exclaimed for, if you will know.' ' Burgess Brothers !' whispered Laura. ' Burgess ! I don't wonder you Btart. Burgess ! Are you sure? Why, Laura, your interest ' began Mary, ' f don't think it can be the same,' said Laura, gently, getting her breath. ' It must be a mistake. I had my statement of account ' ' Isn't half your fortune in their hands ?' cried Kate, with a manner modified to the extent of appearing the least bit ashamed of her outburst. 'Yes, indeed. But it always has been. It's perfectly safe. Papa left it there.' ' Well, if this is true, it's gone glimmering, I guess. You'll have to get along with the other half. And that's too much for you, the communists will say. However, you've always said you wished you were poorer.' ' To be sure,' said Laura. ' But one says many things, and we'talk lightly of what we know nothing about. I should be sorry if I couldn't take care of my old women and keep my girls at school ' ' And your hospital going, and your public kitchen, and your city missionary, and ' Laura laughed, and looked deprecatingly at Harry. ' She's telling fairy stories,' she Baid. ' Perhaps you won't think them all bo fairylike nresentlv.' said Kate, in a moment or two, still looking at her letter, ' if Burgess Brothers have failed ; that may be what papa was talking about in the library — they ran the Brown National Bank, you know. And if that bursts like a bubble — Why, Laura, Laura Devonsdale!' cried Kate, starting from her chair and running to her. ' Oh, you poor dear, you poor little darling !' she exclaimed, with her arms round Laura's neck. 'What under the sun are you sitting quietly as that for ? Don't you know that your funds are as deep in the Brown National as a drowned man is in the sea ? And if that's failed, it can only be because the Transmigration Railway went down first"; and Uncle Devonsdale built that railway, and ail the rest of your property is in it ! No more fit to manage property !' cried Kate, starting to her feet again. ' All your eggs in one basket ' ' Kate 1' cried Mary — Kate, be still ! Be quiet ! What do you mean, you cruel girl? If papa wanted Laura to know all this he'd tell her himself, instead of staying to talk it over with mamma. He'd never let it come like a shower bath, this way, either. And I don't believe there's a word of truth in it 1 I think it's positively shameful in you ' ' Indeed, indeed, Mary,' said Laura, coming round and taking both of Mary's indignant hands, ' it isn't really worth making such a fuss about ' Hundreds of thousands of dollars are not worth making a ' ' No, indeed,' she said, with rather a weary tone ; ' nothing is. You see it doesn t break my heart. Look at me,' and she was positively laughing, with a carnation on her cheek, and a glisten like the flying gleam of hope itself in her eyes. 4 I'm much more Borry for Burgess Brothers themselves. I've no doubt I shall be a great deal happier anyway. Of course there'll be a little something left, and Uncle Halstead will let me always live with you ' ' Always ?' exclaimed Kate. 4 Don't you ever mean to marry ? I do.' ' Perhaps nobody would have me,' said Laura, a little bit demurely, and her eyes dropped over the deep blush on the velvet cheek. Harry rose and stalked to the window, and Kate, swallowing a gulp of her coffee the wrong way, appar ently, was seized with Buch a fit of choking and cough ing that, almost black in the face, she had to run from the room, and Mary, well frightened, Bwept after her. Perhaps Laura would have followed, but just as she passed the corner of the table a hand was laid upon her arm. 4 Are you Borry, Laura, that at last you are as poor as I am ?' Baid Harry Halstead. But once outside the door, the coughing fit suddenly subsided, and seizing Mary by the shoulders, Kate whirled her along the hall and through the next door, and into the farthest recess of the drawing-room. ' If you go back to that pair for three-quarters of an hour I'll never speak to you again !' she whispered, fiercely. And pushing Mary into the sleepy-hollow chair, Kate threw herself upon her sister's knees in order to keep her prisoner, and broke into hysterical laughter, with alternating bursts of tears and a wasteful kissing of the startled, trembling, amazed and angry Mary in between. ' If that doesn't answer nothing will !' she cried. ' And you may just be as angry with me as you please, Mary mine. Did you think I was angry with you in . there ? I played it off well, then. I'd no idea I was the actress I am. You can't get up — it's of no use to try,' giving her a little snake and then a hug. ' And when you do you may tell papa anything you choose. But I don't believe it will hurt either of them, and I dare say you will be glad enough to dance at tne wed ding of the happy pair, miss. " Come, haste to the wedding ! Come, haste to the wedding 1' " sang iue giuuy gll|j p»lu5lug UF vjniuuiug me two sides of her skirt, she dauced to her reflection in the long mirror such a jig as nobody would ever have dreamed could profane that Axminster. But just as Kate was in the act of this profanity her father, having ended his morning conference with mamma, had passed into the breakfast-ruora for the paper he bad left there. You may imagine that he started back in some hot surprise at the tableau which met his gaze, and that two other people started back with equal suddenness from each other's arms, their faces flushing like clouds at sunrise, and one of them certainly looking lovelier that minute than she ever did before. 4 Harry !' cried his uncle. 4 Laura ! You don't mean to say that this has been going on without my ' 4 Oh, uncle, uncle !' cried the girl, darting to the old gentleman's Bide, and hiding her blushes and her over flowing tears in his breast. 4 I am so glad I lost it ! 1 never should have found Harry if I hadn't lost it, uncle.' 4 If you hadn't lost what, pray ?' 4 Oh, the money, you know, uncle — my inheritance, my fortune — though I shouldn't call that fortune when Harry's love is so much greater fortune.' 4 Have you gone mad ?' said the old gentleman. 4 What sort of nonsense are you talking ? There's nothing the matter with your fortune. Where the deuce did you get that idea ?' 4 Kate,' began Harry, coming forward manfully to the rescue — 4 Kate has told me, and has conferred the greatest blessing on us, that ' 4 Rlfissinp be hanffed. vou nair of idiots !' roared the 3 Q J J J- — V benign old gentleman. 4 Kate !' — and a strange light was dawning over his ruddy and ruddier face. 4 1 might have known as much. That is what the riot in the parlour means. Wait a moment.' And releasing Laura, somewhat to Harry's peace of mind, he slammed the door behind him. And to Kate, in the middle of her unrighteous rites, suddenly appeared her father. Five minutes afterward the door, that had scarcely ceased quivering from its slamming, gently opened, and a face, over which the curls were falling in gypsy like confusion, put itself in, followed by the rest of a person, and a toilet in disorder proper to jig dancers. 4 1 hope you haven't been quarrelling while I have been gone,' said Kate, standing humbly with her hands folded before her. 4 I could not get here any sooner, for I had to stop and make papa finish my jig with me. Fancy ! He has no breath left in his dear old body 1 I came back to tell you that the Transmigration Railway hasn't gone down, after all, or gone up, or gone under, or gone anywhere. So it's all a mistake, you see, about the bursting of the Brown National. It was not that bank, but another, about which papa and mamma were talking, it seems ; they were talking of the bank whereon the wild thymes blow, drawing on their youth, you know, and the bank refusing to honour the draft. And, by the way, it was the Burgess Brothers, ship chandlers, down on Broad Wharf, that failed, and not your Burgess Brothers, by any means. Laura. Your DroDertv is all right, my dear. And papa's as——' 4 Oh, Kate 1 Kate !' cried Laura. 4 Kate 1' exclaimed Harry, in stern dismay. But Laura had already turned, as if to throw her arms about him, and he had somehow felt obliged per haps by a blind instinct that refused to let Fate snatch her from him now, to hold her closely to the heart that throbbed for her sake. 4 Yes,' said Kate, Bweetly, 4 that's so. There's nothing whatever happened to your money that 1 know. And I think you'll have to make the best of it, If it really is an embarrassment, I can help you spend it, for papa never gives us half enough, And I think, too — 1 think,' cried Kate, with her ringing peal of laughter again, 4 that I ought to have a handsome fee for making Harry Halstead an April ffool 1' — Frank Leslies Budget. She — 44 There is no doubt about it that marriage does improve a man's politeness." He — 44 How so ?" She — 44 Well, you frequently get up and offer me your chair now. Before we were married you never gave me more than half of it." 