BONNY KATHLEEN OR THE MOONLIGHT MARRIAGE. CHAPTER II. “How did this happen, Jordick," ex- claimed Kathleen, turning a face as white as death upon the man and laying one twitching, nervous, convulsive hand upon bis sleeve, as Ohetwyud raced away to his eagerness to bo by Bpsaniond?s side ill thissuprerae hour.' '‘Mrs. Chetyynd was not ill when I—-I- left her in/the moming-room only a short time, since. You know, that, for you saw Her then. It was you who ushered in those womenwbo came to seek; shelter, after the acCidefat to the vehicle in which;they had been riding. ' Your mistress' was well’ enough then ! and--- 6b, apeak, speak, ! bog of you! J6id; they aay or do anything—'those Women—to cause Mrs. Ghetwynd- any 'sudden shock? Did they?” • “ God knows, Him j for I’ll swear that I do not 1” ;Ke answered,-open ing his eyes in amaz raent, and; growing < sudden‘y pale. *• I’d never give n xhought to anything like that there,, but how you 'come to speak of it, it do seem uncommon suspicious, that' it do. But I*ll lake niy affydavy os I never thought of there beiog'anything queerish about it at the time—which. it was most natural I shouldn’t as you’ll allow, being as T‘was that sbeoked and startled at finding ,my i mistress in such a dreadful state, when 1 came up in answer to (he bells (which it was rung hard enough to wako the dead, Miss Charlock), that I hadn’t no eyes nor ears for nothing but just my /mistress lying on the floor in a dead swoon-?—” “In a swoon?” gasped Kathleen and Doris in one breath, while Mr, Castleton turned away and groaned: - “ You, found Mrs Obetwyhd in a swoon, do you say, ilordick f’ “Yesaem,” answered he—“in a dead swoon at the foot cf the -easel where master’s picture is, and beside her them two women, a standing and acting as wild os though the pair of ’em was, possessed. As soon as I come In, 'the old one—her os was talking and acting like the ebe-herd of a meller-drammor, the whole blessed time (which it’s my private opinion, ma’am, that that there woman was brought up in a gambling house, for she kept on talking about ( untried hearts,’ and saying, ‘I deal,’every time I looked at her) j well, that one, she said some thing about 'not thrusting of |Teyself upon our hospitality at sneh-a time'’—l disre member (he exact words, being more' took up with my mistress than with her—then away she cut as fast as she could fly, and beforb a body could turn around twice t’other one went after .her like and that’s the lost I see of either bf Vnv” “ Gooe T exclaimed Mr. Castleton with a gasp of relief. ‘ “ Yes, sir, gone !” responded -lordick. “ And if it’s true—what Miss Charlock suspects—-aboufcthem asdoirig or a-saying of something as threw, Mrs. Ghetwynd into that there swoon, good riddance to bad rubbish, say I, and ,well for them that they got out quick.like, of they’d a found themselves in a pietty bad box. Bat, begging your pgrdon, sir, I think I’d'better Be travelling babk to the house, for there-’eno I j <l- her fieededjso,if you’ll excuse-rue I*|l go.” : ■ Ani go he did, witßout waiting to be excused, , „ . “She knows—Rosamond, knows!” wailed Kathleen, throwing her arms about Doris’ neck and bursting into sudden tears. “If-I had heard it from, her own lips, I cou'd not be more certain than lam now, mamma. Rosamond knows the truth In spite of all my efforts to keep it from her, it has come to light, and those women—those remorseless fiends—have betrayed it to her, and all is lost, all is lost at last 1”; “No I” exclaimed Mr. Castleton ex citedly. “There .still remains a loophole of escape,,and one which, in so good a cause, I think that even. Heaven will sanction—a lie. If the truth wrecks, and falsehood can rescue, then, a white lie can be no sin.” . * - ' “ You mean, papa V “ That we will deny what those women have said—if they really have said, any thing touching upon your secret, my darl ing 1” he answered. “ And;.if Rorntnond knows .that you are Kathle-n, and- has been told that Gordon, was ever anything tj yon, we will deny thatj and quiet all her suspicions by telling your mother’s Kfcory, not yours, and' so convincing her that Gordon’s interest in you was the interest of a cousin, and not the love of a husband. I’ll explain my plans Itttt r on, Kathleen, and show you how it is still possible to deceive Rosamond and cover up the truth. But now, os those women have gone and we have nothing more to fear at their hand*, let us go back, to the house, as speedily as. we can.’’;; 1 .This they did, and Upon arriving there, found everything in a state of the wildest confusion. .« Weeping maids and excited male ser vants filled the, halls and kept running outside every moment or two to ascertain if there was. Os yet any sign of the doctor’s approach, and forcing a passage through the ranks ofthese, Mr. Castletm led the way tothemorning room where that fate ful mtorvievphad occurred between Miss Arabella; and her niece and the hapless woman who now lay in her- own dainty bed-chamber, fighting' ainttigir battle between life and death. One glance around the mo.rning room was sufficient to confirm Kathleen’s worst suspicions; f r there stood the easel with the silken curtain removed, and there, from its gilded frame looked out (ho per fectly-painted likeness of Gordon Oheb wynd's face, „ “ See, see!” cried Kathleen, with a sob of anguish and despair a« she pointed to. tfip uncovered portroi'. “See j, it Is us 1, feared. They have told het those women—told her and wrecked her with the dreadful truth. In some knows how—they have discovered my identity, and in a spirit of pure nnlice toward me, have done , this ..dreadful thing 1” ; , v That hardly seems tooaonable,” said Ooris “ prove' you a wife would b». ' a poor way to. vest a spit" upon you, my darling. I am more inolimed. to think' out-of malice toward. Gordon, ahdlhat th y know nothing, the fact that you j st«|j live, and in that | In,that oase it is’still possible to save | Rosamond’s life and preserve her honor by a falsehood I” put in Mr, Castleton, in a swift, excited whisper; “ Our story instead of hots, Doris,” lie add' d, pointing toward Kathleen. '.‘ Let the . mystery and the mod f»r. sqcfeoy be explained by telling, her the story of Dorls Glayton and Neel Drellngcouyt, arid how. Oaris ford’s lies had thrown , a Blot upon the name of our child, and, compelled both you and she to live under a mask id. (ho hop© of finding me and; discovering the truth. Lot the legitimacy of our;child be tlie means of convincing Rosamond of the honor of hers!” . “Too latel” rung forth a voice—hoarse and dull with tho tones of agony—ns Clutwynd looking dike a ghost or a madman, sta-ger<3ci into th* room and throwing his nirms about Julian Castle tons neck, bowed hiawbito face upon his .uncles shoulder and gave way, to the infrequent fears cf a strong man. ‘‘ Too late I” he said .again, “ too late, late! My little son needs no man’s praise nor shall he ever dread any man’s sneers. God giveth and God taketh away. It is all well with the‘boy ; for there is no sorrow, among the angels, and no question of birthright in tho World Above !” “Gordon!” gasped Doris, laying a tender hand upon his bowed head. “ Gordon, the child has been born then. “Ay, bom and ytfe unborn!” he answered brokenly. “ God knew best and never let him see the light of day. lie was dead when he come into the world, world I” “ And Rosamond f’ “ She is unconscious—delirous—in con vulsions, and, oh, \my God, why doesn’t the doctor come T’ He came even then, bqtere his footstep touched the thieshold of the House, Doris had flown from the room, and gone like a flash up the staircase to'Rosamond’s bed side ' CHAPTER LII. All that was noblest in Gordon Chet wynd’s nature—and there was very little that was ignoble in him, after nil—now rose to the surface. -Ho knew that Rosamond’s death meant to him, the possibility—nay, the certainty—of.again.possessing the woman who was dearer to him than his life, meant a return of happiness, and of that boundless joy which had been bis in those sweet, old Deqphaven .days, but in spite of that he sentup a fervent and earnest prayer that God would Jspare her life, be the cost to him what it might. So, when the doctor came,-- he rushed out to greet him, and to break the news. “ The child born dead and the mother in convulsions,” repeated the doctor, wrinkling up his brows and looking grave and much troubled. “ And you say there is reason to believe that the birth of the infant was hastened by some severe mental shock to the mother? Is. it serious I —very serious, Mr Chetwynd.” “ Yes, but you can save her life, I doctor!” cried Gordon as he hurried him I up the staircase to the sick-room. “My God ! you must save her life 1 Don’t tell me that there is even a bare possibility of her dying ! Just Heaven? It is too tetrible.” “ Yes, terrible indeed for one so young, so greatly blessed, and with everything to live for,” thedootor answered as he looked down into the drawn and ghastly face of the delirous sufie'er. “I will be candid with you, Mr. Chetwynd, and ncknow ledge that convulsions and delirium at such a time are very serious matters, and render the outlook grave in the extreme. I know of but one similar case where the patient was saved.” ‘But you must save her—you m ist, you must!” cried .Gordon, with the un reasonableness' of a man driven almost frantic, and deaf and blind to every thing but that which you saved one woraanN life under similar circumstances,'youmah save hers,” \--bir tt.ratnrnomrTO “do,T"wiir do, Mr Ohetwyj d,” he answered. f ‘ Still’’ I can hold out very liltleiiopc at present, because I He stopped, startled 'by a wild cry j from the sufferer, and turning saw Rosa mond sitting up in bed and wildly waving j her hand' before her. “Go back!” elm cried; “ go back to your grave in (he river, Kathleen Clayton i and let me rest in peace ! Why do you rise and mock nib with your beauty and your triumphant smiles? He never loved '1 you—never, never ! I won’t believe it—l won’t believe it ! flo loves roe, me ! I am his wife, and you are not. Why cin’t you leave nYe, my love, when it is all I have to li\o for ? oil I care ta own !” Then availing cry issued from her white lips and she sunk back among the pillows, sobbing and oryinig like a. Heart broken child. ' : “Go away, Gordon, Gordon, go away for God’s sake !” pleaded Dori«», her eyes streaming with tears, as Chetwynd, reals iring for th'‘ first time the nature of the shock which had stricken Rosamond down, leaned back against the doorpost, and wildly csdled down a curse upon the woman who hod smitt n her thus. “Go away,’’ repeated Doris. “It will only distress you to stay and hear this. Ah, go—go and leave her to the doctor and me.. I will watch over her—l will be her nurse, dear, and if God is only merciful enough to give her back her reason, I will undo the evil work of those malicious women, and by proving to her that she is laboring under a delusion, pm Imps I may yet he instrumental in saving her life.” “ Certainly her chances would be much improved if you only could quiet her mind, madam,” said the doctor, “ and if she at any time shows sig ia of returning conoiousness, 1 beg of you to improve the opportunity, and, if you are in possession of any facts which will set her mind at rest, do n«t delay the revelation. It is the one chance which may possibly turn tho balance ia her favor,and as it is highly important to remove all sources of anxiety and rcg»ef, possibly Mr. Ohetwynd will to my practising an Innocent deception upon her. When she recovers her reason she will ask for her child, and to learn of its dea*h might at such a critical period do much harm. 1 propose, therefore, that you allow me to procure a living child from tho asylum and substi tute it for the dead one until Mrs Chet wynd grows strong enough to be'told the truth,” “Do anything—anything—so that you save her !*’ responded Gordon, brokenly. , Then obeying Dori<’ injunction, he staggered out of the sick-room and closed the door behind him. So (he dodor, after doing all. he could to relieve the sufferings of his patient, rode- away to Wolverhampton Asylum, b orrow, dn tiny, new-born infant which had been left there tho night before, and bearing it back to Foidbom Chase, gave it into the hands of Doris. Very tenderly she arrayed the little impostor in the dainty garments that hod been prepared for Gordon OhetwyndV little son, and when nftey three days and nights of delirium, Rosamond opened her eyes to consciousness just as the clock was striking two A.M., and all the members of tho household stood—breathless and' eager—outside the door. awaiting the crisis which hnd at last come, the first thing upon which those eyes roiled was the innocent little usurper’s baby-head lying upon her arm. Doris, standing near and waiting to play- her part, and the three anxious watchers outside waiting to see the issue of it, hoard a faint, tremulous sigh of rapture issue from her lips, and then : “ Oh, you dear, dear cunning’ doll I do you really belong to me?” she murmured with infinite tenderness between sobs and kisses, “Did God send you to mo to b$ iny very, own, you precious little love? Oh, it will be so hard to leave you—so bard, so hard ! And I am going to leave you, my baby, going to lead the way and to wait for you up there beyond the stars. ! can’t live without his love—your papa’s love, my darling—and I have lost it—lost it. No, I never really possessed it,' dear* it was always hers—that Kathleen’s— always hers, and you and I ore only the shadows that dim the sunshine of his heart. Can’t you go with me, my jboby ? Can mamma fold her arras around you and fly away with you. to God and be at peace for ever more s?’ The sound of a smothered' sob caused her to turn and glance in the direction of the sound,.and, there, in the dim glow of the tempered lights she saw a tall, shadowy figure with snow-white hair and huge, disfiguring blue spectacles—Doris. “ w hy, Miss Gwilt, is that you ?’•’ she said with a smile—faint and shadowy and more sorrowful than tears. ‘5 Yes, Mrs. Ohetwynd, it is I,” mur mured Doris, huskily' as she, slowly ad vanced. “But, oh, I have a great sur- - prise for you, dear child, and when I have given you your medicine, I will t ?ll you all about it, lam your nurse, dear. The doctor thought me more competent than any other, because—because ho knew that I would be faithful to the trust and would know how to take care of baby after the experience I had with my own.” “ Your own, Miss Gwilt ?” “Yes, you will remember that I once told you I had a little daughter, wheu'l have shown you who I really am. See ! this is the surprise I have in store for you, dear”—os she removed first the hideous blue goggles and then the white, wig. •* You remember me, do you not, Mrs, Ohetwynd V’ “What! Mademoiselle Doris? Is it really you ?” exclaimed Rosamond. “ Why, what is the meaning of this ? I —I thought you had gone to seek some news of your husband—to obtain some | money that had been left you—and—and" • all the while you were here—in disguise ! Ch, what can it mean ?” Doris crept closer to her side and looked down into her pale, pinched face —the face of a dying woman, as surely os that they two were together, and Doris Casfcleton knew it. “ It means, dear, that the search of my life has been ended, the plots of a villain have been overturned, and I have found my husband—here I” “ Hero, Mademoiselle Doris ? Here ? Why—why, who cm he be ?” “ He was called Noel Tbetford Dr el ling court at the time be married me, but he is now called Julian Castleton,” - “Gordon’s uncle?” “Ye*, dear, and my husbaud, the father of my daughter, Kathleen Clayton, otherwise ” “ Kate Charlock ! I know I” breathed Rosamond, in a voice of terror, and with a strange, hunted look in her eye l *. “ Oh, don’r speak of her—don’t apeak of her. I trusted her so much, I loved her as dearly as a sister, and all the while she was-tlmt •girl—that KathUen whom my husband dishonored.” “ Dishonored ?” <f Yes, yes—they told me—those women. Hie married her because he loved her, and the marriage was not legal' The man who performed it was not a minister, and wliPii-.-ttoiflon- . tffiii ——Krc—“h»*~ ' married me for my mouey, and loving her still, proposed “ Who tells you that tells lies >” inter rupted Doris. “ Gordon Ohetwynd never dishonored my daughter, Gordon Ohet ,wynd never married you for the simple sake cf possessing your fortune. - I call God to witi.e-s the truth of that!” “Mademo’sello Doris !” “ I rep« at it, Rosamond. Gordon Chet wynd never dishonored Kathleen, there was no illegal marriage performed • be tween them, and he did not marry you for your money’s sake. If those women told you that, that perjured themselves, slandered roy daughter, slandered the man who led you to the altar and baa been faithful to you from that hour unto this “Oh, ebild, child! if that infamous fulsehot and is the story those women told you.” co: tinued Doris, “how cruelly you have been deceived, and how clear aie now all those wild allusions you made to ‘ Kathleen ’ daring your delirium. Listen, Rosamond, and let me HI you the s»ory of my life, of John Oarisford’e sin, of Julian Costloton's wrongs, and in the telling explain to you why it was necess ary to me to come back hero in disguise, and for Kathleen Clayton to deny bor identity until the martyrdom of her mother was at an end and the uncertainty of her own legitimacy forever removed.” And so with this brief preface—given to inspire hope in Rosamond’s heart before the tale was told—she took up the story of bor own darkened Jife, and care fully eliminating all that bad to do with Gordon Chetwynd's love for Kathleen, and making not the slightest allusion to that moonlight marriage, told it os simply and os os she could. “ I never saw Gordon Chotwynd until my cousin, Dick Delavin, brought him down to Dcophavon to spend a summer’s vacation, Rosamond,” she concluded— turning from facts to fiction, and fooling that in such a cause Heaven must surely pardon tbo falsehoods she uttered “ but from the first moment I met him I Innoroi respected and liked Wra: and when one day ho overheard my step- mother, twitting me and sneering over my unhappy ascot, I confessed the truth to him and acknow ledged that Kathleen was not my s : ster but —my child. | “ He did not shrink from me—instead, bo spoke tender and syropathatic words to me, and I, encouraged by his solicitude, told him the story of my life. Ho , prom ised then and there to aid me to right my wrongs, and so iuephed, mo with the belief that I really was a wife, that I determined to be guided by bis advice and begin a search for Noel Drolincourt. “But by an unfortunate accident, Rosamond, it so happened that while J was telling Gordon this,. Kathleen— unknown to either of us—was hidden | amongst the bushes and overh *ord all. The discovery of her real relationship to ’ mo, and the horror of believing that she had no right to ah existence, drove the child to madness, and after writing me » let*or acknowledging that she had over heard my conversation with Gordon, and deolariug that she meant to drown herself, she' disappeared und wont—l never knew where until she wrote and told mo how I ady Charlock had saved her from the sin of self-destruction and had adopted and taken her to England. I said nothing of that letter to anybody and I have never mentioned it until now. “1 came to England, saw Kathleen and arranged wit h her our plan of action. She, as Lady Charlock’s heiress, would bo educated, and introduced into the highest circles of society j I, by seeking employ ment atMadamo Miraboau’s, would mix with the working girls, and if I learned nothing from their chatter which might prove n clue, I still had the ad vantage of being in the employ of one *rln counted ■ among her customers the . wives and daughters of England’s wealthiest men, -and might some day encounter one who bore the name of Drelingcourt. Whijo .still waiting for such a 6ne to appear, the -accident to your white silk dinner-gown and the threats of Madame Mirabeau drove roe to-come here and ask pardon of-you. . “H.need not dwell upon that part of the story, dear! nor tell yon why,- when I recognized in John Carisford the man who told me- I was not a wife, and later, recognized in Mr. Oastlelbn the man I had married-—I need not tell you why, after these things, I determined to come back Here in disguise and ferret out the long buried truth. You can guess that, dear/ I am sore.” “ Yes,” said Rosamond, in a faint voice “yes, I can guess that; but I cannot guess the rest. If Gordon was so great a -friend to you and to her, why did Kate Charlock deny that she was Kathleen Olaytoo, mademoiselle ?” “ Gould she do aught else, when wo bad discovered that my husband and ber father was Gordon* Obetwynd’s uncle, benefactor and dearest friend ? Sin denied herself to save Gordon from hating his uncle, but when she had learned of John Qarisford’s treachery and her father's; truth, she drew off the mask and ucknow-f ledged all. Gordon knows her now,f Rosamond, and she will never be called Kate Charlock again. As for the li *s those women—; Arabella Hatfield and. -Mildred Troyanion—uttered the other; night, I think that after what I have told yon of their attempts to entrap Gordon, I you must surely see that nothing but malice and spitefuloess toward the woman who won him is the keynote of all. Ah, he-loves you, Rosamond; he loves you with nil his heart, and you are dearer to him than all the world beside. He knows nothing of your doubts, nothing of your fears, noting of tin malicious calumnies uttered by those two creatures, and “ And he never shall, Mademoiselle Doris !’’ broke in Rosamond with a sob of thankfulness, and a look of such perfect joy as only th-y may know whose doubts and fears have faded away, and whose footsteps tremble upon the threshold of Heaven. “ Oh, how I have wronged him, and how bitterly I have misjudged Kate. Don’t tell them of my folly, mademoiselle, and don’t ever lot them know of what those dreadful women said. I—l wanted to die when I thought that Gordon did not love me, but now Ah, nowl-shall live—l most live—for,. if be loves me still; his heart will break, if I am taken from him 1” CHAPTER LI 111 Doris turned away to wipe the fears that were gathering, thick and fast in her soft dark eyes. She and.she alone knew bow vain it was for this poor lading life to wind itself about the chords of hope, for. the doctor had spoken to iter—less than an hour ago—words which she had repeated to no one, and shuddered to think of now. ' “So that her last hour is an hour of peace,” she said to herself, “and her last moments filled with hope and joy,, it is worth the falsehood, I have uttered a»jd worth .all„the white lies fn the world.” ' Then having dried her tears.ajid forced Rosamond. “Gordon, and Kathleen are b low, dear,” she tenderly said. “ They d>j not: know as yet that you have recovered consciousness. May I not call them in, [ Rosamond, and let them see your little ; son 1” .*“ Oh, yea, yes! do—-please do, I beg of j you I” she answered. “Only—we will ' keep all my doubts and fears a secret, I if you, will le so kind, Mademoiselle' Doris— l meati, Mrs. Ciatleton. How j odd it seems to call you that! Why, you are my aunt, when I come to think of it, j aren’t you, dear ? My aunt and my j baby’s great-aunt! Doesn’t it seem odd that such a lit le hoy should have such a ] lot of relatives? Please, call Gordon and j Kute, and Undo Jujian I I—l want them all to see my little son, Aunt Doris ; and I am so h tppy—oh, so happy I could almost cry 1” { So Doris, stifling her sobs an(T drying I her tears, walked to the door, throw it | open, and beckoned in the throe figures • that stood without, ! Swift as a flash Gordon and Kathleen passed over the threshold and hastened to Rosamond’s bedside. “Oh, Gordon ! oh, Kate!” she said, as die looked up and saw them, “ I am so glad you have corao—so glad—so glad ! Kate, dear, you—you haven’t soon tuy baby yet. Look at him. Isn’t he a precious little Wo? Don’t wake him— oh, please, don’t wake him, for ho is sleeping like a little angel 1 Isn’t he beautiful, Gordon ? Isn’t ho the dearest lib lo boy in all the world ? And to think limb he is ours—our very own—a part of our two lives, dear, and nobody can over take him away from us. Stoop down arid kiss me, Gordon, and toll me that you love me dear!” “I love you I” he gulped in a choking voice, ns he bent and touched his lips to hors. “ Ah, God, who could help loving you, Rosamond ? Who could help it dear!"’ “I hope that you cannot!” she answered, lifting her eyes to his and looking at bun ! with such infinite tenderness, such wist fulness, and such idolatrous love, that the memory of that look haunted him lor many an after year. “ Lift my head and' pillow it ng linst your bosom, won’t you, my darling? I feel tired and sleepy, and I want to lie there so long as l ean keep awake.” For ail answer he slipped his arm under her neck, and gently drew her to him until her white cheek touched his bosom, and the wine-gold glory of her h.*ir lay on his shoulder, a wave of gleomiug, glinting, rippling splendor, “ Kate dear," said Rosamond, turning her eyes iowaid Kathleen, “your —your mother has told mo every) hing, and 1 am so happy, so happy to know that it has oil, come right at last. And you arc Kathleen, after all, aren’t you, dear?” “ Yes, I am Kathleen, Rosamond," who softly answered, choking down the sob in her voice for the sight of ihat colorless face and those pretomaturally brilliant eyes had told her th»* truth, as plainly as the doctor had told it to her mother. “Yes, I, am~ Kathleen, end you know now why I was forced to deny it. Papa dear?" she suddenly added, “come look at the baby, , Isn’t ho a beautiful little fellow.” “ A splendid boy—a splendid boy ?" announced Mr. Oastloton as ho came forward and cast an anxious look— not at the little usurper, but at (lid woman who bplievcd herself his mother, “ Never saw a'handsomer child in all my life, my dear, and Doris, hadn’t you bettor give. Rosamond her medicine again ?” ‘/Ob, no—l don’t need it, Undo Julian,” responded Rosamond herself. “'All the medicine l require is hero"— looking fondly up Into Gordon’s eye*, “ Lam not ill—l couldn’t bo while I om clasped to your, bosom like this my darl in/?. ; Toll me again that yon love me, Gordon, and will love me to the end.” ; j u d love yon, - -Rosamond/ 7 he huskily Siid, “ and I will love you' to the end !” “And our little son, too, Gordon ?” ; ‘‘And ou<\- little son, too. But you the , moBt Rosamond; you the most, I swear.’ 7 . “ Why, Gordon, you are crying I’ 7 she suddenly siid, “You mustn’t do that, my darling, for-this is of joy. X am going to live and get'well, and with you. and my baby to fill my heart Oh, thp,. prospect makes mo so wild with joy, | that !l. can hardly wait for the days to coino. when we three shall live in a world ot .our own, and a world without a shadow. Stoop down and kiss me once again, my darling; for lam growing sleepy, and you know I never could sleep j well until you kissed' me good*night and ! took me to your bosom. 77 j Again he bent his head, and again his lips met and lingered upon hers. / “ Don’t stir mo, Gordon, and don't steal away/ 7 .she softly s iid, “ I want to fall asleep upon your bosom, dear, and ! want to wake there and see you looking at me when I open ray eyes again. lam so tired now '-so tired, and yet so happy, for you are mine, and I nm yours, and all is peace, dear, all is peace, and nil is well with me 77 He gave her no answer; for as she spoke her eyes lifted’to his eyes with a look of joy unspeakably a smile quivered fitfully and sweetly over libt pale lips, a happy sigh stirred her bosom, and then her eyelids trembled and fell softly down, her long, light lashes brushed her cheeks, and so, like that, with his arm about her and her head upon his breast, she fell asleep, and the end was peace indeed. A half hour passed and Doris, watching the clock through all, came gently for ward and laid her hand upon Gordon's arm. “ Pat her down, dear,” she said io a bushed voice, “See how oalm and peace ful her face is,. and how the smile still lingers about her lips. Put her down gently. I will remove the pillow—so.” “It may disturb her,” he answered. “ You know what she said, mother. She wanted to wake in my aims.” “So she has, Gordon,” said Kathleen, very softly. “She is awake now—in Paradise.” “ Dead!” he cried out in a hollow voice. “ Oh, my God, it cannot be.” “It can be and—it is !” said Doris, as she gently removed the quiet form fioin his arras and drew the sheet over the calm, dead face that smiled still with the happiness which had ushvred her out of this world into another and brighter one. “Th • union of mother and son is perfect, Gordon, -The child and the mother are with God.” He made her no reply, only turned to Kathleen and taking her into his arms, bowed bis white face upon her shoulder and wept with her for that sweet young life whose sun had sot while it was yet day, CONCLUSION. My reader, long years and many have passed since (hat sad hour, and Time, which heals the deepest wounds . and; makes the most wonderful changes, has blunted the sorrows of those who mourned for the loss of Barth- and the gain of Heaven. ’“-"■-J**’" Ala* s ' l . * | * mond and her child are sleeping as they have slept for years, and only the wealth of pansies which Kathleen Chetwynd' hangs upon the marble door upon eieh anniversary of the child’s birth and death, t'-lla those who pass, it by that the dead are no - forgone-, As tor the living, you who have read this s*ory need scarcely be told what be came of them, or how, after long linger ing in darkness, tlmy stepped at length inti perfect and illimitable light. Soon after the burial of Rosamond, Gordon and Kathleen left the Chase, ac companied by Doris and Julian Oastleton, and started upon an extended tour of the Continent, but not before Gordon had hunted out the neaiest living relative of Rosamond Foul and turned ovortvhim the fortune and estate to which he himself had no moral or legal right. Still, this loss of the Ford fortune did not reduce him to poverty; for, by the terms of old Lady Charlock’s will, Kath leen could only inherit the fortune by marrying an American who had hot so much as one dollar in his own right, and as she h<ul done that in marrying Gordon, the entire property became his and hers. Legal and binding ns their first mar riage was, they nevertheless contracted a second one—to spare the memory of Rosamond from any shadow of repoach— and of all who witnessed that union there was not one who dreamed of the truth, or suspected that the bridegroom had ex hausted the whole cycle of human relation ships in his brief life of six-and-twenty years. Of John Oorisford no record exists, and what became of him after Ills hasty departure from Fordhara Chase, “ nobody knows and nobody care*.” But of Mildred Trovamon and Mias Arabella Hatfield, the records are not sj meagre. , The former is and has been for years a barmaid in one of the lower-class taverns, where, as the wife of a bullying, beastly, drunken brute, she is obliged to toil from sun to sun to procure enough money for her lord and master to go on a “ spree ” once per week, and take throe days out of : seven to get over it and prepare himself j for the next. But Miss Arabella is Miss Arabella still. Her money is sufficient to enable her to lly all over the world in quest of her “ ideal/’ but os she is now so terribly wrinkled that cosmetics are not in the least deceptive, and to her other ills is added chronic rheumatism, the chances are that her “ untried heart” will keep on smitten—but never claimed—by tinapprccia’iie man- until time is annihi lated or Miss Arabella herself emulates the example of the wonderful “one boss sh'iy,” and discretely goes to pieces in a heap of ancient and used-up ruins— I a monument to time’s ravages and man’s cold-blooded neglect. On the other hand, Doris, the scorned Dot is, the target for the sneers and abuse of those two wonmn in the by gone and iys, is rich, blessed and happy, oud Kathleen has now three rivals—two brothers aud a sister—in the affection of her happy parents. But that does not worry or annoy her, for she loves every one of them, ahd : added to the novelty of sisterhood, is the joy of a beloved wif i and happy mother. Two rosy little tots who call her by that sweet mime (and rejoice themselves in the names of “ Gordon 77 and “ Rosa mond ”) gladden her lifo ond make her lot a blessed one. ; . What woman can ask more of Heaven than Heaven has decreed. A beloved daughter, an idolised wife and happy mother. Such she is, suoh she will be to the end of Ufa So let the curtain full and lot the name wh?oh began this story ond it— Kathleen; I [the end,] 