A DINGO HUNT. BY W. E. " What's up, old horse? Your ears you prick, And your eager eyeballs glisten ; 'Tis the wild dog's note in the tea-tree thick By the river to which you listen." That big, powerful, black kangaroo dog Marmarah was well worth looking at, with his broad, deep chest, intelligent, determined eyes, sinews of a gymnast, and ribs like Damascus steel. On his black skin he bore marks of many honourable fights , the near side showed a long, whitish line where the big emu he had run down, tackled single handed, and finally killed, had laid him open. His chest and legs showed numerous grey scars, each with a history of its own of which he might well be proud. He stood in the dusty station yard at Bungundah, critically inspecting the preparations his master, Charlie Halliday, was making for a chase after a big dingo ; and as old Colonel, the big, muscular chestnut whinnied impatiently to Ladybird as they stood saddled at the fence, Marmarah gave a little low whine of approval, for things had been slow of late, and the prospect of a chase and possible fight appealed to every drop of the good sporting blood in him, and he poked his cold nose into Charlie's hand knowing it was not for nothing that the Winchester, a com- panion he admired and respected, was being examined so carefully, not for nothing that such an early start was being made, for the stars were yet in the sky, and the east showed only a faint pink glow, blending quickly into the deep, cool blue. "Good old chap," said Charlie, "we're going to have some fun or we'll know the reason why, for this dog will give even you some work, old man ; he's an old hand, and has more dead sheep to answer for than a drought ; but we'll settle all accounts if we get even the ghost of a show. And Charlie rose from where he had been sitting, show- ing as he did so by the flickering light of a couple of lanterns, six feet of well-knit, bronzed Australian native, with the deter- mined, self-reliant look that grows on a man's face, who knows as he smartly places himself on the back of some treacherous white-eyed colt, that he has got up where he has to trust to himself and who, when the day is done, will ride the same colt through the trackless bush, and by the help of the stars or lay of the country find his way through dense scrub to some wished- for waterhole, or solitary boundary rider's hut. " Hey Daley !" he cried to the blackboy who was busily pottering about with straps and packages "Let's make a start at once, d'ye hear ; I want to get over to the billabong by sunrise. We'll have a blazer to-day if I am not mistaken." Daley was smart enough when he chose, so a few minutes later the gates were opened to let black and white man through, Mar- marah trotting sedately beside the more frivolous horses, slightly worried at having to wear a muzzle, but it was an evil he was used to, and he was too sensible to let it worry him for long. Just as the crimson sun, heralded by hot little gusts of whirlwind, which played battledore and shuttlecock with roley-poley and dead leaves, showed above the horizon, the two horsemen drew rein be- side the brown water of the little billabong, and while Charlie set to work to get break fast Daley went off to examine some traps, returning in the course of an hour, very much excited. "Mister Charlie ! big dog been after sheep along there ; sheep come along, look out water, big dog run after jumbuck there, close up there, catch him there ; you been make a lite along of wool, jumbuck tumble over, dog let go, m'me been tink it close up jumbuck now, m'me been tink it kill him dreckly, blood along of scrub now, m'me been tink it close up jumbuck now," and the boy paused a moment for breath in the middle of what he considered a very graphic description of his adventure. "Mister Charlie, jumbuck go along of grass, blood all there, big dog catch him there, big jumbuck, m'me word, neck torn. Just little way big dog dead, too m'me been tink it he eat bait first ; m'me word fine tail." And he nourished the yellow brush, which would later prove his right to five shillings reward, proudly in the air and then set to work to put away the mutton lying ready for him on a piece of bark, and though it was hardly discernible for the early-rising sugar-ants so busily exploring the ins and outs of it, little did Daley care, for his heart was full, and after all what harm did a few ants do, and he swept them away, with a laugh which showed two rows of strong, shining white teeth that had already that morning done him good service, as the dingo's tail could testify, for he had had no knife and it was scarcely worth while to travel back over the mile which lay between himself and the boss for one, and a black boy cannot afford to be squeamish. When the last vestige of the mutton had dis- appeared and the billy quite emptied, the horses were resaddled and Charlie ordering Daley to take the muzzle off Marmarah, and to keep a good look out that he did not pick up any baits, they struck straight out towards the Culgoa, along a hardly discernible bush track made years before by some station fencers. They had ridden along it about six miles, when Daley said, "No good this one, Mr Charlie, no dingo go along here ; m'me tink it best make in alonga dry waterhole, often dog been sit down like it over there." So they left the track and struck over towards the dry waterhole, which lay right in the middle of a cane-grass swamp. It was a four mile ride, and just as they reached it a low "H'st, h'st !" came from Daley, and lo and behold the very dog they had come out to seek, quietly running Marmarah's tracks ; a big sandy animal, his bushy tail stretched behind him, his short ears erect, his sinister oblique eyes and pointed muzzle expressing a cunning difficult to describe. On he came, the jumbucks' phlebotomist, his nose two inches off the ground. Marmarah's bristles rose on neck and back, his ears and tail went up simultaneously, the covering came back off his teeth, a low growl out ot his throat, and with a few elastic springs he stood shoulder to shoulder with the biggest dog whose withers his jaw ever rested on. Things had taken a most unexpected turn, a dingo to stand for a stand-up flight. " Hang it all, that can't be a dingo Daley, some blackfellow's dog taken to sheep kill ing, and he's up to his business too ; " and Charlie gripped his Winchester, only the moment after to rip out an oath. " That damned tree, I suppose !" and he anxiously examined the broken rifle. " I thought something happened when Colonel put his foot into that bilby hole away back and knocked me against the timber. Well, we've got to let Marmarah do all the work now, that's all," and he shrugged his shoulders and laid a soothing hand on the chestnut shoulder before him, for old Colonel was worrying—he couldn't understand what had happened, he considered he knew something about dingoes, he had followed them often enough, followed until the panting yap ! yap ! and side-long snapping jaws proclaimed the race almost run. Surely his rider must have sold himself to the enemy to sit there so quietly, and as a breath of wind blew the scent of the dingo into his nostrils he plunged and reared. It was lowering, degrading, and he nodded his head emphatically to show his opinion of it, and looked longingly over at a dingo he felt any horse might be proud to run down. " Well," sais Charlie, "whether this is a black fellow's dog or a dingo it strikes me we are going to see a fight that wouldn't have shamed Sayers and Heenan and I'll put my pile on Marmarah. You've got that tail there, Daley ; I'll put ten bob against it, and you take the stranger." "No bloomin' fear, Mister Charlie ; mine been see Marmarah fight before !" and Daley displayed his white teeth and nodded his head sagaciously. Both dogs were busy walking round one another taking one another's measure, and Marmarah knew as the stranger walked under his lower jaw, which was Marmarah's unfailing standard, that the dog he was going to tackle was a good two inches taller than himself, with the chest and muscles of a bull dog and a set of teeth like an American cross-cut saw. This was not going to be a knock-out first round, like the fight he had had at Tantally the week before, when his big opponent roared for mercy ere he lind properly settled down to chew up that forepaw. This was the civilised against the savage, with no sur- render—and a la mort. Daley watched the dogs walking round one another, and suggested, with a twinkle in his eye, that "They were like it that fella white shirt alonga woolshed—yabba, yabba, all the time," but like the parson's sermon so cur- sorily summed up, the growling came to an end. Perhaps they had only been arranging about the start. There certainly was some mutual understanding, for, as if the word "go!" had been given, they went for one another like two men. For a few minutes there was a whirlwind of white and black, as white teeth and black dog went round like Catherine wheels, each dog trying to get at the other's throat, and then a sudden lull, and Marmarah was lying on his back with all his feet against the stranger's belly, while, the dingo, his head on one side, showing the whites of his eyes, snarled expressively enough to frighten a weak-minded dog to death. Marmarah, assuming a "peace-at- any-price " look, lay on his back listening to the dingo laying down the law, and explain- ing that " if a dog is looking for a row he'll find a row, and though he regretted the advice came a little too late in the day to be of any use, still he could at least die bravely, and as "—but just then Marmarah, who had been lying low in a comfortable position to recover his wind, got a purchase from the ground, and spoilt the homily by straightening out his legs, throwing the dingo on his back and reversing positions, and knowing there was more in dingo than growling, he closed his teeth firmly on six inches of his opponents throat, while the dingo's active jaws busily engaged them- selves in chewing up one of those shiny, smooth, black ears. Marmarah knew he had the best morsel, however, and played the Spartan boy, until the dingo began to gurgle and gasp, but those saw-like active teeth were beginning to work down to the quick, and Marmarah stupidly let go to get a grip more in the angle of the jaw, but quicker than the flash of a gun, the dingo took advantage of the mistake, threw Marmarah off, and was on his feet again, and the next second each dog had an under and over grip of the other's jaw, it was fair give-and- take, and ivory grated on ivory, and bone on bone, but if anything Marmarah had the best of it. And oh! if he could only work up a little further on the dingo's head, with those big tusks of his, the dingo's brain-box would smash as easily as a wild duck's egg ; but, alas, he was in a vice, and his tongue was half bitten through. But they could not kill one another that way, so they both let go to try for a fresh grip, and there was another hurry scurry, each dog standing on his hind legs and trying for a strangling hold, which neither of them could get, or would give, and then it was " time," and both combatants, fairly done, walked away from one another a few yards, facing and glaring at one another, their tongues lolling out, and their sides heaving. There was a chance now to see which dog had been most punished, and there certainly was not much to choose between them. Marmarah had lost an ear, and his scar had opened out, while the dingo was minus a square slab of flesh, which Marmarah had torn from his throat, leaving windpipe and gullet exposed to view. They lay there on their sides for 10 minutes, with an occasional growl at one another, but as Charlie was pouring a little water out of the water-bug into his hat to give to Marmarah, the dingo took it into his head that he had no friends in the crowd, and without the slightest warning was stretching out for dear life across the cane-grass swamp, Marmarah following, and both Charlie and Daley off their horses. It was a nice cup of tea, and the Colonel did not help to make things better, for he cocked an eye at the vanishing dogs, and nearly jumped out of the saddle every time the rein tightened on the bit, and at last Daley had to hold him by the ear till Charlie was mounted, and by that time the dingo had a start of a good third of a mile, with Mar marah far in the rear. The dogs had a long start, but the Colonel was fresh and fit, while they were blown, and with anything like open country there was little doubt how it would end. Charlie looked round for Daley, only to see the bay mare with the saddle under her belly, and her unfortunate rider plodding after her ; he had to take his chunce, however, for Charlie had no time for horse hunting. "Old chap means work," said Charlie to himself, "He means to get a settlement about that ear ; he runs a bit lop-sided with only the one, but he's going straight enough all the same. By the holy smoke, we'll be at Bogandina in another three miles if we keep this course. Dingo knows his way about here, I'm think- ing, heading straight as an arrow for some place on the Culgoa. Marmarah's not more than 30 yards behind now ; there's the wire boundary fence between Bungundah and Bogandina in front of the dingo. Hang it ! Well, there's nothing for it but to have a shot at the wires. Looking along the fence his quick eye saw a place where some lazy boundary-rider had tightened the top wires with a twitch stick, leaving the stick in the fence. Nothing much for a horse to jump at, cer tainly, but still better than the bare wire, and there was nothing else for it. The good old colonel, almost as eager as when he started his eleven- mile gallop, reached at the bridle and took it in his stride, ploughing up the Bogandina ground with his nose and breaking the top wire at the twitch stick. But what matter ; he was on the right side of the fence, and five minutes would see the finish. The dingo looked round, though he could ill spare the effort, and saw his remorseless pursuer terribly close ; and Charlie, looking ahead, saw smoke rising through the heavy gidyea that skirted both sides of the Culgoa, and knew then how it had come to pass that a dingo had chosen to fight rather than run. Full often had he heard of this mammoth dog, numberless were the tales told of him, of his speed, courage, cunning, and ferocity, swiftest and fiercest from Brenda to Werl moringle, sire of all the favourite blacks' dogs on the river, and biggest scourge that ever reduced the size of a station wool clip, that now, with bloodshot eyes, bleeding throat, and slimy drooles working off his black serrated gums, with every muscle traced, and every sinew strained to breaking pitch, strove to get over that one half-mile before he should be overtaken by that four footed Nemesis that had been so surely and steadily gaining on him for 11 long, frightful miles. But Charlie knew as well as did stern Marmarah that the account must be finally settled, even though it be in the very heart of the blacks' camp, but it were better to make a final rally ere that cunning, night working devil reached the river, and Charlie's voice rung out sharp and clear for the first time, "Hi, at him Marmarah, seize old dog!" and Marmarah understanding that there was some danger ahead he knew not of pulled himself together to bring it all to a finish. But the ever watchful blacks turned out at the sound, and gathered on the bank, only to instantly rush back for their spears, nullah-nullahs, and wommeras, and then gesticulating, vociferating, shouting, dancing, and howling, the gins rocking themselves to and fro, beating their thighs, and wailing dismally—all eagerly and wildly inciting their favourite to rally and cross to that haven of safety. But little to him were their endear- ing cries; they could not win another inch for him. If that stern, implacable, four footed demon, whose eager panting sounds so terribly close, and whose hot, fierce breath was even then striking on his very flanks ; if he could not put speed into those strained legs, streaked all over their yellow with the drying bloody drops from throat and tongue ; if he could not incite a last strain on those tense sinews and aching muscles, nothing in the wide world could ; and yet, so close is he now, that barely another hundred yards and the Culgoa—the river he has so often crossed —will be won. One great spring from the foot of that big gum he knows so well will put him halfway across the river, and the cool water will be lapping his aching sides and flanks instead of this pestilent upas breath ; and after that safety and rest. Already some of the blacks had come out that halfway to meet him. Jerek Jonah, at whose side he often slept, and Brencar, with whom he had had such a famous run only the night before. Others were diving in, and their cheering cries rang in his ears, but his wind was gone, and his heart nearly broken. Only three more strides and he can clear the head of the foremost black, but Marmarah's sinewy body jostles him against the saving gum, and ere he knows what has happened Marmarah's long white teeth meet once more on that uncovered throat and gullet, and both dogs roll into the Culgoa together. And Charlie knows that before Msrmarsh parts with his hold a second time the dingo's windpipe and gullet will have parted too. The blacks were swimming round the dogs, their waddies in their hands for a chance hit at Marmarah, and so the rowels ripped cruelly along the good Colonel's sides, and the next moment he was also breasting the Culgoa, and Charlie, with drawn sheath knife, swum in between blacks and dogs, taking more interest in Mar marah's finishing touches than in those glaring yellow eyeballs and curly black heads which swam round and round in eccentric circles like water-beetles in a pool. But it was all over, and one-eared Marmarah climbed back on the bank and shook himself, looking like "a tale that is told," while Charlie made a clutch at a dead dog in the water that had fought fair and ran well, and then faced the Colonel at the bank ; but it was steep as the side of a house, and nullah- nullahs were coming fast and free. So he faced the horse down stream for a footing, but the blacks, maddened with drink and the loss of their favourite, made things look as black as black can make them, and, although it was old Halliday's boast that the Colonel could carry his man across the Barwon as dry as a bone, all that country to the dry water- hole, and then the eleven miles' chase over heavy ground, had to be accounted for, and it was little wonder that his wind was gone, and that his sides should sob, and that the saddle, instead of showing high and dry above the water, was now some two feet below, and, only eyes, ears, and blow- ing nostrils gave evidence where he was, and Charlie knew as he felt the Colonel's hindquarters sinking lower and lower until the river had all his weight, as it crept up to his shoulders and nearly floated him out of the saddle, that the least pluck at the reins would bring the poor beast over, and yet to leave him meant to lose his father's favourite horse, for those cunning black, were on the Bungundah side of the river, and had pos- session of the only landing-place as far as the eye could see ; and even with Charlie to impel him to that landing-place, the Colonel evidently wished to take his chance down that long straight reach of river with its for- bidding banks, in preference to facing that inhuman group that, with maledictory shout and furious execration, brandished their weapons to scare both man and horse away to their drowning. It is Hobson's choice for Charlie, so he takes what he considers the worst- looking though the least of two evils, and faces the almost finished Colonel at the nearest danger, and in a few seconds the treacherous Culgoa mud sucks round the Colonel's hoofs, who knows what danger there is in staying in it, so with one final effort the grand old horse makes two or three painful bounds and plunges, to stagger out unmolested on firm ground once again, for the cowardly blacks, daunted by Charlie's boldness and the fierce set look on his face, fall back out of his way. But only for a moment, for the sight of that great dog, once the terror of man and beast, lying across Charlie's saddle-bow a harmless mass, works on their deepest feelings, and acts like a red rag to a bull, as the water and blood drips from those still cruel-looking jaws, and streams down the Colonel's shoulder and forearm in bloody little rivulets, and forms, clots of gore as it falls on the ground; and they close around him again to block his escape; and Charlie felt, as he looks round at those bestial faces, and that thicket of spears and waddies, that instead of being able to keep his promise to his bluff, jolly old father, and lay the dingo's skin on the verandah, he would have all his work cut out to get his own there, for he recognises in the foremost black the cold-blooded, brutal Windarra, a fellow who combined the physique and reasoning power of a white with the cunning and cruelty of his race. His bullet-head, with its low heavy brows, small deep - set eyes, and coarse protruding jaw, was several inches above the rest of the crowd. Only three weeks before he had waddied his gin to death for answering questions asked her by a black tracker, and now he advanced towards Charlie, his wommera threateningly raised till within striking distance, and then said, with a snarl very like Marmarah's, " What for you come alonga black fella camp? Sposin' black fella go along white fella camp, kill it dog belongin' white fella, then mine tink it white fella been kill black fella, will all the same black fella white fella !" And he looked round at the crowd of upturned, savage, animal faces for approval, and the vehement yah ! yah ! and the threatening poise of the weapons told him he had the house with him, and only too eager for the killing to commence. Suddenly Marmarah gave a gratified whine, and cocked his re maining ear as if in recognition, and a moment after there was a rush of horses' hoofs, a loud "Hallo there!" and half-a-dozen Bogandina boys returning from a day's mustering, with dare-devil Mat Watson in the lead, turned up just in time to frustrate Windarra's amiable intentions. "So help me Bob! What is the world coming to? Blacks threatening a white man, and Charlie Halliday too of all men? Let the whips play on the bally niggers, boys, it's many a long day since you've had such a nice smooth surface to work on ;" and his own heavy bellied whip curled down with a sudden dart round Windarra's loins, leaving a mark he'd never lose. His mates had no time to get in many cuts, for the naked blacks dropped into the water like frogs into a pond, though here and there a cutting lash raised a great weal, or drew blood in a scarlet line on a dusky back or breast. The water was safe cover though, and they never showed out of it till they crawled up the steep bank on the other side. " Dash it all, Charlie, old man, you're a mean skunk to run all these good things yourself," said Mat cheerily. 