THE HEART OF THE MOUNTAINS. (By P. E. Q.) The soul of almost every boy or girl bred by the waters of Port Jackson is dominated by the far dim sweep of the Blue Mountains, whose solid ramparts line the low horizon. To me, I know, they were hills of enchant- ment, and came to bear a charmed air, like those old places of childhood phantasy “cast of the sun and west of the moon," or “beyond the night, beyond the day, over the hills and far away." Something is due to the kindly man who named them so charmingly. Think of the ease with which he might have called them as other places were called — think of the temptation there must have been to call them “The Handcuff Hills" or the "Black Bone Ranges," and say whether a benison is un- deserved! I was tired of the ordinary tourist's track; you get tired of everything sooner or later if you live long enough, and determined to see for myself what the wilder places of the mountains were like, and finding two companions of one mind with myself we landed at Katoomba one April day, bent upon a jaunt through the so-called “inaccessible valley" of the Cox River. Our intention was to pursue this stream to its junction with the Wollon- dilly, and so on up the Burragorang Valley to Picton. It was a miserably wet day when we readied the little South Katoomba Hotel, from which on the morrow we were to bid farewell to civilisation and plunge into the cellars of the mountains. Stern and forbidding under its rainy cloak the landscape scowled. Where the morose valley had bitten into the flanks of the hills cascades of yellow water were pouring out. The taciturn mountains were grouped darkly and grimly. In the gloom of the closing night the foliage of the great valleys looked a funeral black. Thin white ghosts of mists arose all along the creek courses, shaped themselves fantastically, and perished as though dragged down by tho unnatural parent which bore them. From the rushing stream floated up a lonely sound, lend ing a note of indescribable mournfulness to the impression. It was a time and place for mortuary thoughts, and the all-comfort- able invitations of the warm inn parlor were for long unequal to banishing the uncanny sense of the scene without. We had chanced on the mountains in one of their dark moods Not such are the impressions they give when clad in sunlight and green with life, the summer days march through them. But in their moodiness lies their charm. Megalong is a giant mass of sandstone jutting into the Kanimbla Valley, and connected with the main mass of the Blue Mountains by a thin water-worn isthmus called the Narrow Neck. The mordant waters arc eating it away daily, and soon, instead of a peninsula, Megalong will be an island. Between Megalong and the main mountain tableland, on which Katoomba stands, is the deep, narrow Kedumba Valley. The further side of Mega- long opposes the Kanimbla Valley. The descent into the Kedumba Valley is by a mere groove in the side of Megalong, known as the "Golden Stairs." Like other prominent mountains hereabouts, Mega- long breaks off abruptly in terrific cliffs, instead of wimpering out in easy undulations to the valley. This characteristic of the Blue Mountains has often been commented upon, and this it is which makes descent into the valleys so difficult. The way down the cliff face into the Kedumba Valley is not to be recom- mended to persons of weak nerves, but we trod it in safety with our swags on our backs and gun in hand. The miners employed in the shale mines below negotiate this difficult pass with a good deal of levity, particularly on pay nights. A few months since one of their number was killed by a fall over the cliffs, but that in no way affects the recklessness of the remainder. In the valley they have a liliputian village all to themselves, for, as may be guessed, few people care to intrude upon their isolation. The "Golden Stairs" guarantee that. The shale is cut out of the side of Megalong. It is good, clean-look- ing stuff, but the seams are thin. The mines are, however, worked profitably, and the industry appears likely to increase in importance as the resources of the mountains become better known. The seam recently struck in the Grose Valley is, in all proba- bility, identical with that worked at Mega- long, for the stratification of the mountain is remarkably even and regular. This is evidenced by the phenomenon of the "purple band," a peculiar stratum colored by iron infiltration which occurs with singular re- gularity some distance above the coal measures of the Hawkesbury system. On all the great roekwalls of Megalong and the King's Tableland it is strongly in evidence The miners are a fine hearty group of men and I thought I noticed in the scraps of conversation which I overheard between the men and women folk, some of that "natural- ness," which Tolstoi has depicted in his sketch of the Cossacks. This statement must not be understood as conveying any- thing sinister. To the extent of their re- sources, the miners were hospitable enough. Having received some rather vague directions as to the route before us, we set out along the valley. At the start we were some 300ft. or 400ft. above the creek, and we were careful to keep this altitude for the first part of our journey. It is no joke to stray into one of the jungles which guard these deep mountain streams, where an almost impene- trable network of lawyer vines and other cheerful growths bar the path of the unwary traveller. One disadvantage of our position was that we were all the time walking upon a steep slope, which necessarily threw the feet over. The way was beset by swamps, and ticks and leeches literally swarmed. On the other, and by way of compensation, there was a series of interesting if somewhat limited, views, and masses of superb foliage which it would be hard to match anywhere. Over- head, in the continuous green canopy through whose wind-waved latticed-work the sun stabbed the greenland with golden darts, the gorgeous parrots sparkled, and occasion- ally the now rare lyre bird crossed our line of vision. But beyond a number of half-wild cattle, and a single fine black wal- laroo, animal life was scarce, and there was little to disturb that soli- tilde by which, as Wallace tells us, all forests are distinguished. I suppose it is of no moment to the reader, but I may remark that I wore a pair of new bluchers. New bluchers, I have reason to know, are bad things to travel over rough country in. Continual immersions in swamps and little side creeks saturated them, and afterwards they set upon my feet hard as the iron boot of the torture chamber. Before we were quit of the rough country we had negotiated about 10 miles, equal, perhaps, to 30 miles upon a level road, and by that time my feet were populous with blisters. That night we built a gunyah upon the bank of the Katoomba Creek, 3300ft. by the aneroid, below our starting place at South Katoomba. At this point we were about 400ft. above sea level. Before we had lit our fire it began to rain, with thunder and lightning, and we had some difficulty in keep ing dry. Later on it cleared up sufficiently to enable us to transact our cooking, and, after ' a hearty meal, my companions fell to talking while I contemplated my blisters. I had no interest iu anything else, ami if I were to give in this article due prominence to the matter which occupied my anxious attention during that memorable trip, it would be resolved into a mere chronicle of fact. My experience was bought painfully, but it is presented to the reader freely and without reserve. For touring purposes new bluchers are a failure. In the mountains, however, strong boots with nails are an essential, for the walking is terribly rough, aud in some places the safety of a man's life or limbs depends upon the grip his boots take of the ground or rock. It was some time before I could sleep that night; but that there was no reason for regretting. The valley was full of low, sweet noises made by wind amd water. Distinctly above all else was audible the sound of a woman's voice, full of rich laughter, winning caresses, and gay confidences; but she spoke in a tongue of which man has lost the meaning since the Fall. But one missed the meaning little when the speech was so rich and rip- pling. Up the valley the moon drifted over the mists above the tree tops, ami from the mingled glamor nf moonlight and mist, came the tumult of an elfin city, the ringing of fairy bells, the shouts of elfin muffin men, tho din of a market place such as Titania's self might have purchased her wares at, while all the while the undercurrent of the woman’s song went on. Presently the moon left the stream, and ferns, and tall, tapering tree trunks in shadow, passed from their leafy heads, touched the run of the cliffs, and so was gone. Then, in a moment, the airy, denizens of this enchanted place lit their lamps. The velvet darkness was sown with luminous points, and while, entranced, I lay on my bed of ferns, and watched the flickering fireflies, the fatigue of the arduous day put in its claim, and sleep came. The close of the next day saw us at the Cox River, at the foot of a huge bastion of King's Tableland. There, upon a sur- passingly fertile river flat, several selectors have made their homes. The fruit, vegetables, arid cereal crops on these selections are mar- vellously rich, but there is no convenient way of sending them to market. The nearest practicable railway town is Picton, about 60 miles away. To reach this the Cox River has to be forded six times and the Wollondilly three times. Then the steep, almost perpendicular, Burragorang moun- tain road must be negotiated. And afterwards there remains 22 miles of road, at the end of which lies Picton. The settlers on the Cox River are thus terribly handicapped; but all through the Kanimbla Valley they grow their crops from year to year in geographically the most isolated region in the colony. The Burragorang and Cox River Valleys have been settled for more than 70 years, and no place developed so long has received so little aid from the Government. The road up the Burragorang Mountain remained the only outlet from the valley, even for horsemen, until some two years, when a track was found up the mountain bastion of which I have spoken. From the summit of this it is some 22 miles into Wentworth Falls, and the formidableness of the mountain walls which hem the valley in may be imagined from the fact that this track remained so long unknown to a community of settlers, among whom, undoubtedly, the best horse men in the world are to be found. If the sug- gested Blacktown-Blayney railway ever becomes a reality it will tap these rich bottom lands, and end the curious visitation of the settlers. Pending this, there scorns no reason why the Government should not make a road for vehicles along the line of the track to Wentworth Falls. Besides its fine lands the Cox River Valley is rich in cedar and other valuable timbers, which now are rarely brought to market, owing to the lack of suitable land or waterways. Somehow the old days of settlement in Australia are recalled by the kind of life led in this valley. It gave pleasant sensations to sit in front of the blazing logs in the huge fireplace of sonic old farmhouse and listen to old stories from the lips of natives of the valley, of days when the Burragorang blacks used to march up 400 strong to light the Hartley tribes, and when bushrangers were as numerous as members of Parliament are to- day. Some of these anecdotes I noted down with other interesting facts, which, however, would be out of place in what was primarily intended to be a record of a few impressions. On the Cox River our originally-designed expedition abruptly ended. We found that the rivers were in flood, and that there was no possibility of crossing them. There was nothing for it but to beat a retreat to the nearest station on the western line. This happened to be Wentworth Falls. The first stage of the return journey consisted in scaling a mountain, which the aneroid, car- ried by the scientist attached to the now frustrate expedition, registered at 2300ft. in height. It was a terrible climb, the par- ticulars of which I have since done my best to forget. Once on top, the walk to Went- worth Falls, along the summit of the table- land, was fairly level. Between this station and Cox's river there is only one selection worth noticing, where a single heroic pioneer draining a huge swamp, in the process of making a home. It is only due honor to the reputation of a dead man, who did his work with conscience and ability, to remark that in every detail Sir Thomas Mitchell's map of the mountains proved an absolutely faultless guide. The annual celebration of the founding of St. Bartholomew's, C.E., Pyrmont, took place in the pariah schoolroom on Tuesday evening. The building was crowded, and the Rev. J. H. Mullens, incumbent, presided. Suitable addresses were given by the Revs. F. B. Boyce, G. Middletou, and F. Dnl- rympie. The music was contributed by Mrs. Mulholland, Stewart, and Misses Tiiley (two), King, Garrard, Craig, and Mr. W. Barter. The annual meeting in connection with the Weslcyaiv Methodist Church, Dibbs and Kenwick streets, Alexandria, was hold on Tuesday evening. The secretary (Mr. Mit chell) submitted his report, which showed a satisfactory progress during the preceding year. 