A TALK WITH A PORTRAIT PAINTER. " I suppose," I remarked, " that portrait painting helps a man to become a good reader of character?" " Certainly," said Sir George Roid. " I am becoming quite an expert in judging of a face. Still, I would say this : that phrenology is far from being an exact science ; and. I have noted it as a very remarkable and a very delightful fact that almost invariably I have a far higher opinion of my sitter when the portrait is finished and I have learned" to know him ihnn I had formed on first sight of him. Take my word for it, there is a wonderful lot of good in human nature." "And what. do you think of portrait painting nowadays, Sir George?" " It is decidedly promising, and you seo much that is really good. But, oh dear !" he continued, as he rose from his chair and began to walk up and down the room, " who can excel that wonderful Velasquez ? No man of to-day can come up to him. I would rather go to him than to anyone else. But you'll never understamPhitn tiil you go to Madrid, and see him there. Sixty of his finest paintings. There you have him in hisgeaily, his middle, and his late period. The early is tight and hard, violent in lightfand shade. In his middle period you bepa to feel a new sorb of idea : there is more Nature in him, but he is still hard, there is no looseness. Bub gradually towards / the end how he softens and tones down, and yet what intense reality there is ! Can't you feel how actual his people are ? " cried the now fairly excited artist, as Jie pointed to the wall upon which hung some splendid photo graphic reproductions of Velasquez's finest works. And then, branching off for a moment, Sir George turned to me, and said " Why do Whistler's portraits attract so much? Because," he continued, replying to his own question, " they are ghosts, they are shadows. It is as if you went into a crowded drawing-room and saw a ghost flitting here and there amongst the actuali ties of warm flesh and blood. That is why Whistler's portraits are so remarkable — they are nob people, bub ghosts. " And now to come back to our friend Velasquez. Notice the wonderful landscape in that ' Peter and Paul' of his ; look up that valley, away up the distant moun tains and the nearer ridges running down towards the stream that, though it is in the foreground, he has dared to paint so very thinly, slightly. "Bub you see iu that picture all the quality of infinity that you see in Turner 's work." — Cassnl's Family Magazine. 