TEE MISTBET OF THE I HUE. By W. W. WOODIFIELD, Author of 4 'Demon Dick/1 " The Manor Ghost," "Ginger Joe/1 "A Doable Crime/ Etc. "Oh, honey, whatever will beoome of us If this strike oontinues maoh longer P" Saoh was the pitif al wail forced from Mrs Trcuer, the buxom wife of one of the miners usually employed at the adjoining colliery, bat who were then on strike. The exclama tion was rather the involuntary expression of a silent contemplation of the disastrous efhots of the strike, than intended as part of a coherent conversation. The only ottier occupants of the little kitoheu at the time were the eldest daughter Nellie, who was sat upon alow stool washing and dressing the baby, a boy eighteen xnontbs old, and the youngest of a family of eight Nellie was a tall graceful girl, rapidly approaching nineteen years of age, with a well-poised head upon her shoulders, while her light-brown hair and hazel eyes set off her comely features to advantage. Her quiet and gentle habits made her a favorite wherever she went; and as she strolled through the village, or walked to the adjoining town of Nettingtou, many au eager glance was cast upon her. But to none was her presence so welcome as to Fred Shepperdson who was her bean, while there can be no doubt that the bond of affection between these two young people was both deen and strong. Nellie felt that her mother's lamentation called for some remark from her, htnoe she observed : "Oh, mother, isn't it awful to tbiuk that we have to go on in this dreadful way day after day, virtually starving, when father is both willing and anxious to work P" 44 Ah, my lass, it is hard, as God knows the struggle we have gone through ; but, Nell, it isn't the Iszy horse that always gets the whip," respuuded Mrs Trotter. Nellie, who by virtue of her age, was her mother's confidant and bei.ptn.ate, continued : 44 There's Tommy's boots waut soieiug at once — if he goes another day or two toey won't mend at all. H-irry's jacket is all out at the elbows, and George's tiouters are only a mats of rags" — the intervening sobs choked further utterance, andsotbannrrauve of the domestic trouble of the Trotters was cut prematurely short. The mother, however, took up the dieuial tale, and remarked : f< If snch be the slate of their clothes, poor bairns, what about their victuals ? Here they'll all be in upon me in a quarter of an hour, and I haven t a sorap of anything for there.' I At this point both mother and daughter I fairly broke down, and their convulsive sabs I And oopion tears bespoke more eloquently I than words could do ihe anguich of their I feelings. I This dreadful coal strike had now lasted I several weeks, end its sad effects were pain- I fully visible in euch home as that ot the Trotters. A ballot had been taken, and the I majority declare' for the continuance of the strike. But the majority was chiefly made | up of the young and unmarried men, whose | responsibilities were comparatively email, K while the married men with wives and families strongly disupprov of the decision. I The latter, however, were powerless to I escape from the dilemma— they dared not set I tt>pe& defiance the verdict of their com- I rades. Besides, the pit mouth, the pit bunk. I and irs approaches were vigilantly watched I daily by picke: sin order to prevent auyde- I Unqoencies ; in short, it was dangerous I for any one who was supposed to favor the V employers to be seen about. I Only that very morning of which we speak I there bad been a heated discussion at the I Black Diamond Inn, whioh was suddenly I brought to a close by Will Trotter bringing I bis band forcibly down upon tbe table and I boldly declaring that meu might do what I they liked so far as they themselves were I concerned, but that it was Bimply & scandal I and a shame to inflict go much pain and I Buffering upon innocent women and children . I There were suudry murmurs at this oat- I burst of m&uly; candor, but as Will glanced I . wound the room defiantly, no one dared to Ij > contradict him. 1 Kow, Will Trotter was a big burly fellow, I j emte she feet in height, and built in propor- 1; vtion, for the arduous labors of the coal mine fliadin jno -way disfigured his body. Under > , ordinary circumstances, however, be was as I hsrmlasfl as a child, and on many occasions' I had been known to go out of his way for the I sake of peace, bat it -was well-known that I when his blood was up he was an awkward -customer to tackle. I Id fact, hu great big heart was in his I home, and nothing afforded him so muob pleasure as to witness the happiness of bis I wife and children, but woe unto those who I sought in any way to mar their happiness. I With respect to the strike, he soo&dly; I cursed it and all who were directly or in- I directly responsible for it; and if the B offenders could have been concentrated in one Z individual, and that individual had come \- within Will's vyce.like grip, the position of the former would have been a sorry one indeed. After leaving the Black Diamond about that hour which by usage is set apart for the mid-day meal, Will proceeded homewards — sot that he expected that there would be much dinner for him. the lime had gone by for that. Immediately he crossed tbe threshold of the cottage he noticed tbe dejectedlooks upon the faces of his wife and daughter, but the latter Attracted liis attention most. He thereupon drew a chair beside the stool on which Nellie eat, and patting her on the head, and otherwise fondling her, he looked in her face, where the tears were scarcely dry, and exclaimed in his bluff way : "Why, Nell, my girl, what's the matter? Tour face looks as long and as miserable as a mute at a funeral. ' ' Nellie endeavored to frame a pleasant reply, but the attempt was a dismal failure, which caused her father to continue : " Y«u know Fred is com in 2 in to-night, and he'll look for smiles rather than tears. Why, mother," be added, as tbe result of a closer inspection of the girl's face, " I declare Nell's face looks qnite thiu eud pinched. She wants rest, change of air, and smut have some cood port w;ne and strengthening food." He looked up at his wife as he uttered tbe last word, and the mute, agonising appeal which he saw depicted on her face at once recalled him to a sense of the actual state of thinea. Without uttering another syllable he cot up, walked into the book yard and began to weep like a child. His breast heaved with the violent sobs that convulsed hie frame, while the hot tears descended like rain. His distressed wife, who closely watched his every movement, knew it was no use interfering until tbe storm had somewhat , subsided. Presently, however, she went into 1 the yard, took her husband gently by tbe arm, ! and led him baok into the house. The violence of the storm bad abated, but as he laid his face upon his aims, which latter rested upon the table, the tears continued to flow. By this time tbe children had arrived from aohool, and were crying for their dinners, whioh ihe poor mother was, of course, to produce. The existing dilemma was too great for even her affection and ingenuity to overcome. "Will# to whom these lamentations were ex- ornoiatiBgly painful, got up with a set purpose on his features, and putting on his -pat, he left the cottage. He had not been long gone when he returned, carrying a -number of parcels containing tea, sugar and bread, which his pathetic appeal had smoocortod in extracting from the grocer and -the baker on credit. It was with extreme welnctanoe, however, that these gentlemen \- their goods, even to one from whomTnprbBpezens days they had received nanylirightpoQnd. What commotion was created in the .lUtiejbOtiage by the advent of the father with hisOrelonme eatables. The children fairly daubed forfoyjand caressed him as though lie frought jhem a most sumptuous repast. Mflfffft- - - . Thank God that for this day at least grim want had been driven from &e; door 1 Matters in connection with the strike were now approaching aorisis, for the owners had publicly proclaimed the fact that if the ballot went in &vor; of continuing the struggle the men occupying the pit cottages woub® . derive notice to guift and they were not long in putting their threat into exeoution. Now, in order to carry out this delicate and painful process it required someone of dis cretion, tact and moderation, because local feeling was naturally worked up to fever heat. Unfortunately, however, Blundell, the bailiff, whose duty it was to superin tend these operations, possessed none of these qualities. Not content with carrying out his strictly legal functions, he bullied and bragged, insinuated and threatened in a most ineolent manner. Be abused, domi neered over, and insulted the women of the village, he terrified the children by his un couth behavior, and he chaffed the men with an amount of impudence and high - handedness that might have led anyone to suppose that he was their dictator and master. He could cringe readily enough to his betters, but to the poor he was a meroilese tyraut. A coward I at heart, he regarded hicu-elf as the embodi ment of the law, Bod thua be erroueouly imagined that this circumstance gave him immunity from the oon$eqn«noes of the insults he so freely scattered about. It is not surprisinc, therefore, that he was familiarly known by the tvnonym of 44 Bully Bluodell." But this in no wise 1 disconcerted him— be rather regarded it as a compliment. On the second morning after the events already oarruted Bluodell was seen march ing down the main street of the village in lordly style, flourishing a number of papers about, and scattering bis bluster and menaces on nil sides. These papers were a portion of the notices to quit that be had to serve. The dire news soon spread along the row that Bully Bluodell wa coming, and the poor women awaited his arrival in conster nation. well knowing that the impeuJing orictiou portended intensified misery and disaster. As be passed the grocer's shop, Blundell exclaim ad valiantly — " We'll teach them a lesson; we?ll show these (-camps what we mean !" 44 "Why, whal are you goin£ to do ?" in terrogated the grocer. 44 Do retorted the bailiff, 41 why, we're u.oing to pitch these vagrants out, bag and bacgage— they're too well off at present." "That fellow," soliloquised the grocer, as Blundell passed cn, "is riding a high horse just now, but everybody knows that pride usuilly goes before a fall." L:t!e d'd he imagine that Blundell !a LI1 was so soon to come. T'-t- la ter served several notices on tromMirc w./men, whose eoba were too in tent -.< rer-r nry remark on their part in telligible beyond the esd wail — 44 My penr bairns'. Oh, my poor bairns ' Tbe men stood abcat in little groups watch ing thc.se ominous proceedings. Their clenched tij?rs and menacing altitude spoke p-aiuiy the suppressed emotion under which they labored : «ud it required all the efforts of the poiii-a to prevpnt >in open attack upon the heartless Blundell. At leuirth the Utter reached the cottage of the Trotters. "Will was standing in the doorway much in the same attitude an-: tem per fjn his comrades. His hands were okuched cor'.vulrivc-ly, and he bit bis nether lip to keep down the surging pa-sion. Blundell, ever ready with his scathing tongue, observed tauntingly as lie held out the notice-paper : "Well, Will. I have brought 5 ou a nice little note this morning, and I hopes as how you'll enjoy it." Quick as lightning, and without a word, Will dashed the peper out of Blundell's hand on to the ground, where he fiercely crunched it beneath his heel. Blundell, still preserving his sneering tone and a«surance of manner, remarked : " Well, I'm sure, some people never are satisfied. Now, that I calls anything but a respectful war to receive a nice little billet- doux, delivered by a gentleman." Will, with his blood now fairly up, ad- vanoed upon his tormentor with uplifted arm and doubled fist, with the evident intention of felling him to the ground. Some of bis calmer companions, however, aided by the police, who were auxious to avert the riot that seemed impending, got between the two, and by dint of main force held Trotter back, while Blundell, only too glad to get off with a whole skin, threw tbe paper in st the open door of the cottage and west bis way. The 'miners recognised the fact that the strike had now entered upou & grave phase ; and in the afternoon of the same day Trotter, accompanied by two married comrades, Jim Siddell and Joe Mortimer, determined to walk over to Netherington and nee -what prospect there was of the struggle coming to an end. They proceeded by way of the North Flats, some meadows lying to the north of tbe village. The scenery was pleasant enough, but the three men were too sad at heart to notice this. Nor had they gone far on their journey when one of them happened to look back and observed another individual following on behind. Tninking it might be a fellow- workman, they slackened their pace to unable him to come np. When, however, the newcomer eventually got near enough to admit of recognition, tbe three pedestrians discovered to their chagrin 1 that it was tbe hated Blundell. , Now, had be kept his tongue quiet Blundell would have been allowed to pass without molestation, much as the meu had been exasperated in the morning. 1 Bat Blundell regarded this as far too good an opportunity of having a rap at the miners to be allowed to pass— in short, his stinging tongue was irrepressible. "How do ye do. gentlemen, " he began ae , he came alongside his victims; 44 suppose you're taking an airing after tbe events of 1 tbe morning." Joe and Jim strongly urged him to pass on and leave them alone— "Will, whose temper was evidently rising, bad not yet spoken. But Blundell refused to profit by this warning, preferring to continue hie banter as recklessly ae ever. At length Will Trotter observed sullenly : " Thou chattering humbug, thou'd better be off as fast as possible, or aayhsp thou'll rue it." Blundell, however, was quite equal to this emergency, eo far aa empty talk was con cerned. He declared that he liked "good company," if the miners didn't, and con cluded as usual by holding the terror of the law over them. Ashe was the representa- tive of the law, he argued he was at liberty to pursue his course without fear of molesta tion. The meadow sloped gently upwards from the footpath to the other side, and Blundell occupied a position a few feet from Trotter on his right. As it was evident the bailiff had no idea of j ceasing hie interference, Will took a quick step towards him and d«alt him a powerful blow on the left shoulder, which sent the embodiment of tbe law trundling over the green sward like a football. Blundell had not even now been taught caution. He got up, writhing with pain and almost choking with rage, a condition of things that placed him still more at the mercy of his formidable antagonist. He commenced to.cbatter a lot of incoher ent nonsense about the law and the venge ance he would exact, but be took care to re treat ae "Will slowly and a&lmly; advanced towards him Bis wild gesticulations, intermingled with threats of punishment, showed clearly that he still retained a hostile attitude. In this way the two men proceeded until they were close to the upper aide of the meadow, Will being followed np by his mates, Joe and Jim, Eventually Trotter and Blundell again came within reach of eaoh other, whereupon, after a little dodging, the former dealt the bailiff a violent mow on tbe forehead, which sent him flying head over heels over the ridge, and landed him right in the centre of a clump of rank weeds and underwood, in- dnflingnetyeB, dockings, briars, etc, Aa the bnmptioua bailiff showed no farther sign of hostility, the three miners walked leisurelv down to the footpath and went on their way, thinking nothing further of the mdlee. Next morning, however, Blundell did not make his appearance at his UBUal time and place. This led to inquiries, whioh disclosed the fact that he had not been home all night. Day after day passed, and still there were no tidings of the missing man. Great was the sensation created by this mysterious event. There could be no inquest, as there was no body on which to " sit," so tbe affair was handed over to the police. By the latter the village and its environs for miles around were thoroughly ransacked. Every pond, oanal or river was dragged, and to stimulate tbe search, the proprietors of the pit issued a printed bilL offering a reward of £25 to any one who would give such information as would lead to tbe recover; of tbe body ; but it was all of no avail, and ttseemed as though the earth had suddenly opened at a given moment and swallowed 44 Bally Brundell" up. Immediately on the first note of alarm, the three miners, Will Trotter and his two compinions, Joe and Jim, voluntarily came forward, aud minutely described what had taken pl&oe; between lilandell and themselves in the North Fiats. The different statements so completely corroborated each other, that at the close the 1 magistrates acquitted the men of all blame, Iand did not hesitate to express the opinion that Brundell had richly merited the punishment he received as a result of his 1 unwarrantable interference and impertin ence. The miners were discharged, but there was stiil no clue to tbe missing bailiff. All this bad a eeriuae effect upon the in habitants of the village, many of whom were afraid to go out after dark owing to the horrible tales that were told about " Bully Blundell V'ghusl having been seen. The oldest in habitant solemnly declared that never bafore bad he recesved such a fright ae he did when he saw the ghost. It ibrcw him all into a 44 tremmel," from which be had not yet recovered ; while an unmarried female nad a violent attack of hyeterics from the same cause. Then, as usually happens in these cases of mystery, ibe local authorities, tacitly ad mitting ibeirown failure, sent up to Scotland Yard asking to have a smart detective sent down to fee if he could unravel the myatery thatperplextd them. Hence there shortly appeared on thescCDe Ifr Detective Quickly, a very clever ") man, who expressed him- eelf confident that he would solve the proh- lem in & marvsllously short space of time. The net rofcultof Mr QaickJy's vitit was that he buiit up a number of elaborate theories (ou paper'), each of which had in its turn to come toppling down owing to tbe want of a solid foundation, though this was not accomplished until much pain and annoy ance had been inflicted upon a number of innocent people. Then officious Mr Quickly left as he hod come— with his fingers in h:a month. About throe years had elapsed since the events recorded. The striKe bad terminated almost simultaneously with the disappearance of Blundell, and now only remained » painted memory ; while Neilie and Fred had been married and wereconiforfably settled down. For some time t'rieie bad been unpleasant rumors ae to tbe presence of foul uir in tbe pit, which were a aouice of uneasiaee? to tbofr-e dependent upon the breHd- winners. The use of naked light bad been prohibited, and every suggeiioo made by the Government inspector had been or w&b; about to be carried out. To seccro improved ventilation wa« the groHt desideratum, and with this view it was determined to re-open an old shaft tbat w&& known to exist in the North Flats. Many years ago it had been used for pump- ine purposes, but it had long been in dit-u.-c, and ita culrar.ce was now overgrowu with long weeds aud briur bushes. As a preliminary step the mouth of tbe shaft was cleared, and a spindle and cage u-as constructed in order that the workmen might descend and uscertain the state of tbe >haft. On approaching the water, which here rose about six feet from the bottom whit was their horror to behold a human face floating on the surface! They immediately made sienals to be draws to the surface, and on their arrival there they, with blanched faces, told their ghastly story. The necessary preparations having been completed, tbe cage again descended the shaft, aod brought up what proved to be a dead body ! Although shockingly decomposed, it was immediately identified as tbe body 01 Blun dell, the missing bailiff ! The old shaft had kept its secret well, and bat for the alterations rendered necessary, the presence of its ghastly occupant might never have been known. This, tbnn, was the explanation of Blun- delTe mvsterious disappearance, bur ae to bow he got down the old shaft, that remained a mystery yet to be solved. There were only three men in the village who could even surmise at tbe truth, and thee were Will Trotter, Jim Siddell and Joe Mortimer. The little group assembled at the mouth of the shaft— for tbe workmen bad by this time been augmented by 8 uroup of sightseers, so rapidly does sensational news travel — caet awe-btricken looks at tbe corpse laid upou the grass. Truth to tell, the inhabitants of the village hod not made any pretence at Borrowing for the loss of one who had treated them with eo much harshness, but his mysterious dis appearance had imbued the affair with a weird interest. The body was conveyed to the Black Diamond Inn to await an inquest, while the news of the extraordinary discovery made was keenly disoussed in every house is the village. Thatt&menight;, however, furnishedanother and more acute subject of discussion — an event bringing sorrow and suffering in its train — ab ! even death itself. About half-an-bour after tbe men engaged on the night shift had commenced operatioue a leud report wa? beard emanating apparently from under the grouud, aud rumbling away like distant thunder. The discharge of g&q; ana rubbish from the pit's mouth which immediately followed told sll too plainly tbe dreadful tale of what had happened. There was & sudden rash to the vicinity of the pit to ascertain whatever particulars were available, and soon there was a crowded stream of men, women and children all hurrying wildly to the same destination with consternation depicted upon every counten ance. Who tbatba? witnessed such a scene can ever forget it : The poignant grief so pain fully illustrated by every act and found. Naturally a lengthy interval elapsed ere accurate information could be obtained. Some of the pullies of the ascending and descending gear had been displaced or broken —these had to be pat right, then the rubbish thrown among the machinery had to be cleared away ; while last, but not least, blasts of foul air continued to puff up the shaft at intervals, rendering any attempt to descend a dangerous proceeding. Meanwhile tbe wildest rumors were abroad, rendering the suspense still more agonising. Eventually a search party was able (o 1 descend into the mine, and soon the news was sent up that the explosion had not been of a very extensive nature, but that several of tbe hands had received serious injuries. Tbe 1 case of Will Trotter was mentioned as the worst of those, and in conaeqnenoe he would be flent up first. The Trotter family, who were present in the crowd, could only receive the intimation of the terrible blow that had fallen upon them in mute despair, still clinging desperately to tbe hope that the life of the bread-winnermight be spared. The fact is that prior to the explosion Will was engaged in an out of- the-way corner -which was difficult to work, and to which position he had been assigned by the overman, owingto his experience and known caution. He was laid on his baok, hewing the oral above, as many of our miners have to do to secure their hard-earned wages. It was just then that the explerion oocurred, thereby dislodging a huge mass of the coal right above him. The major portion of this feu upon his body, indicting terrible and fatal internal injuries, wbiob rendered him insensible. The heavy mass that had pinned him to the ground had been removed as speedily as possible, and, this accomplished, the poor fellow gave signs of returniug consciousness but it was a ooneoioutiess that broucht tbe knowledge of frightful suffering. He was gently lifted up and teudcriy borne to the oage at the bottom of the shaft. In this he v&« placed, and, with Jim Siddell aud Joe Mortimer tea. ted ou either side, each holding a hand of their old mate, the cage was drawn gradually to the top. On arrival at the surface, the appearance of the injured man gve rise to a suppressed groan, for it was only too manifest that he reoeived his death bluw. He was placed upou h stretcher, and carried to his home shoulder height by his mates, the first couple being his friend, Joe and Jim. Here he w&b; plaoed on the bed surrounded by his sorrow -stricken family, while tbe great tears chased their way down tbe ooaly cheeks of the hardy miners. The two doctors who were on the spot, visited the bouse, and made u close examina tion of the injured man, but thty could do nothing. Will, like the brave man he was, boldly ; asked the medical men for their verdiot. They replied, with a shake of the head, that recovery was impossible, and tbat the last act in the sad tragc.iy might be expected to take place in a comparatively abort time. Will received this sad pronouncement with calmness and resignation, and indicated that ho wished to be alone for a brief period with his old comrades, Joe and Jim. When the room had been cleared, Will took a hand from each of his old friends and grasped it in his own after which be observed : "Well, lads, we've been mates fortbeso twenty years past." 44 Ay, that we hav," replied Jim, amidst his sobs. 44 But I'm going to leave you now,' con tinued Will with increased difficulty. 44 Before I go, however, I would like to say a word to you about Blun-lelTs death which has weighed heavily upou me ever since the body was found." After a brief rest, he continued, 44 1 look upon this ae God's work, for you know, lads, that the Bible tolls us that He will demand an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth a life for a life ! But ae 1 exptct to enter Hie presence very soon I solemnly declare that I had no intention of taking Blundell's life when I struck him in the meadows, while nobody could be more surprised than, me when I heard of his disappearance. Wheu I am gone, lads," — the breathing came thick and fast now — " you'll give an eye to tbe missus and bairns." Tbe two men emphaticallyounfirmed every word that had been uttered by their dying comrade as to the affray in the meadows, and vowed aolemuly that no effort should be wanting on their part to see that the widow and orphans were well cared for. Ae it was evident that the eud was rapidly approaching, tbe family were again called inio the room : aud after invoking God's blessing upou them, Will Trotter passed quietly awsv, his bend renting upon his wife's breast with one arru encircling her neck, while the other arm was entwined round the neck of his eldest daughter. Thus it came about that on the morrow- two inquests hud to be held at the Black Diamond — on the bodies of those who in life had been antagonists, but who were now at peAce. And in both case? tbe coroner and jury ftlt that they had no option but to return a verdict of "Accidental Death," for in the case of Blundell there was no one who could speak with certainty as to how his death occurred. Will Trotter was right in bis surmise. Blundell, on being thrown into tbe bed of weeds and briars, had laid stunned for a moment, but on struggling to extricate him- srlf bis frail support had given way aud he w:'.s precipitated down the hidden shaft. When the funemlg took place the general rerfpectin whioh Will Trotter was held wi practically illustrated by tbe Urge attendance of villagers aod other, whilst the proprietors of the colliery were well represented. Neither were the widow and orphans for gotten. for on hearing of the catastrophe the executive of that excellent institution, ihe Miners' Permanent Belief Fund, forwarded a handsome donatiou, while this was abundantly supplemented by subscriptions from the owners and other local sources. , The End. 