WORKING UP INDIGNATION. By some means best known to itself the Ministry has contrived to get a whole public meeting to dance to its piping. How this was managed these parlous times, what promises, what tears, what pledges it cost, we cannot know ; but the fact remains that some hundiedii or perrons ostensibly sane have beeu led to believe that the Government is trying to carry out useful legislation and that the Opposi tion is shamefully obstructing further efforts in this direction. As a conse quence of — shall we say cajoleries ? — the meeting the other night in Sydney affirmed ' its indignant condemnation of the shameless obstruction which had delayed the proceedings in Parlia ment ;' but it is worth noting that after this superhuman exertion tho gathering broke up in confusion, de spite the efforts of that apostle of free speech, Mr. W. P Crick, to get the resolutioncers to enthuse still further. But without investigating the means or methods by which this extraordinary meeting was convened, let us pass in review the enormous tale of work the Government has already done, and what it would do if it were allowed. Of all the measures promised in the Speech from the Governor, only one has so far been passed, i.e., the Funded Stock Act, which is in reality an en abling Act to get the Ministry out of a hole of its own digging. The Electoral Bill was once ridden de liberatively for a fall, and it is now still before the Upper House with its fate undecided. Here we have the actual work of n six months session : a bill passed, and ft bill in doubt ; and yet we are told lhat the. Government has done good work and will do more if it is permitted ! There aro no less than twenty-four measures yet on the programme ; and is it to be supposed for :v moment that the House is to re main undissolved till e.ffluxion of time till this formidable libt is gone through 1 Eren with regard to the Estimates, that most ordinary work of the most ordinary session of Parliament, the Treasurer has already submitted and withdrawn no less than two sets, to Bay nothing of various supplementary ones ; and he may before long have to prepare a fresh Budget in view of the uncaiculated deficiencies already ac cruing on the revenue of the year. The whole of the financial proposals turn on the Local Government Bill, which is eighth or ninth on the busi ness paper; and when the Ministry expect to reach it, even with every help from the. Opposition, Sir George D'tbbs and his complaisant resolution mongers alone know. As to the mea sure which is so pregnant with the fate of the Administration, the Local Government Bill already alluded to, it is merely a bunch of carrots held before the donkey to make it go. It was tirst brought forward in November last : and though a fortnight later Sir George Dibbs in moving the second reading asserted that it was absolutely necessary it should become law,the bill ' has been again and again shelved, till it is now a mere ghost, or skeleton in the cupboard. The Crown Lands Bill has been similarly made to play bo peep. It emerged from the recesses of Mr. Copeland's pocket when it was wanted to sway votes ; but as it ex ploded one or two unforeseen mines, it was suddenly re-pouched, and it is not likely to see the light of day again in a hurry. Add to this catalogue the abandonment of protection, the avowed policy of drift, the selling of the poli tical souls of the Ministry to the labour party, and the impalpable majority of three or four, the jump-Jiin-Crowisin with the Budget, and the sordid struggle to retain the portfolios though furiously kicked from behind, and we have the work of the session which the Opposition has ' obstructed,*' and the balance of which will be done if the good little Government is only allowed to do it in its own way. How in the face of obvious facts a body of sane citizens can bring themselves to adopt snch a motion as the one resolved on in Sydney is bsyond comprehension. But we all have our periods of mid summer madness, sometimes with method in it; and perhaps the extreme heat of the weather has turned men's brains. However, in the face of the verdict of tho entire country, the puny squeak of Wagga and of the puppets who assembled in the Sydney Masonic Hall on Thursday is of no account whatever. The Ministry's day of doom is approaching fast, and all the desperate dodges and despairing ruses resorted to by Sir George Dibbs and his trusty henchman of West Mac quarie will not avert the inevitable by so much as an hour. 