-1-^-^.1 I ?? - ? -I -»-I ? I s-». &\\)t ¿Spbtin? áMomíng ftrafb. h - l FRIß AT, OOTOBÜR 13, 1893. I IH iba Legislative Assembly yesterday Mr Reid moved the adjournment of the Hoiuo to call attention to the conduot of the Government in repealing, by proclamation, the unrepealod sections of the Electoral Act of 1830. He arguod that the [Government had aoted too hastily, and should bave waited until the new Act oould bo brought into operation before destroying; the old law. MB. REID suggested that a short Aot should be passed restoring, for the time being, the old elec- toral machinery whioh had been abolished by pro olamation. IN reply Mr. Barton contended that the Government bad no option but to take the course it had followed, and urged that it had thereby .voided many complication!. He agreed that, should m bye election become necessary, a short Act might have to be passed making the necessary provision. TUP, debate lasted till after 9 o'dock, when the motion was negatived. TUB British South Africa Company's forces are advancing upon Bulawayo, King Lobengula'a kraal, from the east, while Major Adams's oolumns are marching upon it from the south and west. Koro LoBtKQULi., with four of his belt regi- menté, is st the Shangani River, and is prepared to fight tho white foes marching against him. THIS Hon. Cecil Rhode«, Premier of Cspe Colony, believes that tho Matabelos will be crushed within a month. lima LOBENOUIA is sending his property along the Zambesi. To secure his retreat he has pro- vided himself and his followers with canoës. Low) EMIN has been appointed to succeed the Marquis of Lansdowne as Viceroy of India. IN the Legislative Assembly la» £_ t Mr. Barton moved the resolution for ti »^ so re- solving itself into a Committee of the .mole for the purpose of considering the proposals for a federal constitution. Mr. Barton admitted the necessity for «second convention, at which if federation was to be aohieved concession» would havo tobe made on all sides. Ms. BAX moved an amondmont declaring that the proposed federation waa of too rigid a oharaoter to suit the progressive spirit of Australian de- mocracy, and that it would do nothing to meet the social and industrial problems which so earnestly required solution. At the conclusion of Mr. Rao's »peech Sir Henry Parkes scoured the adjournment of the debate. TUB Military Tournament was inaugurated at Moore Park yesterday. Competitions aud displays occupied the whole of the day and the evening, the attendance numbering several thousands. His Excellenoy the Governor, Lady Duff, and suite were present during the afternoon and witnessed some of the competitions. AN arrangement has been arrived at between the Marine Engineers and the steamship owners, whereby the question as to the rate of wages to prevail in future is to be submitted to a repre- sentative from each, side with the view of a settle- ment being made. These representatives are empowered to call in an umpire if necessary. Tan inquest on the body of a female child found in the boole yard of a house in °Moreland-road, Brunswick, Melbourne, was concluded yesterday, when the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder againet Millie Knorr. IT han transpired that a French cruiser which was oonveying the indemnity of 3,000,000 francs, wbioh was to have been paid by the Siamese Government to France, from Bangkok to Saigon, has beou Bunk. Tho treasure was uninsured. THE Chinese Government has made a formal request to the Government of the United States that the operation of the Chinese Exclusion Aot should for tho present be euBponded. ON Wednesday the third raoe of the series be- tween the yachts Valkyrio and Vigilant, for the America Cup, was unfinished for want of time. Owrso to tho continued obstruction offered in the United State» Senate to the Sherman Act Repeal Bill, and the consequent continuous sittings, beds have been provided in the Chamber. AT the Central Police Court yesterday, William Flowers WUK senteuced to bo imprisoned for 98 hours and to receive a flogging of 20 lashes for having been guilty of shocking bohaviour in George-street. A POBTIOX of the shipment of batter despatched from Sydney on the 12th August per R.M.S. Vic- toria bus realised from 106s to His per owt. in London. IN London, Broken Hill Proprietary shares are quoted at £2 12s 6d. ON Wednesday the Australian cricketers eom mtmuod a two days match at Bolton against l8 Boston pitty ora. The Australians, playing with 12 mon, mude 65 runs in their first innings, and the Boston Eighteen in their first innings were disposed of for 88. IT has boon decided that six series of wool sales shall be held in London during 1894. ACTING under pressure from their leaders, tho coalmine» in Lancashire and Cheshire havo refused to adopt tbo recommendation of the Mayors of tho Midland towns, that they should resume work at tho old wages and submit to a reduction of 10 por cent, early in December. The Notts miners havo adopted the recommendation, and have resumed work at the old rates of wages. YESTERDAY the City Council passed a motion confirming tho suspension of the City Solicitor, Mr. George Merriman, and dismissing him from his oflico. MB. ALBERT LEArrr, O.E., of Sydney, who proceeded to Enirlaud rcoently to oudcurniir to float a company for tho establishment of iron and steel works in Kow South Wales, is dead. IN the Legislative Council yesterday the Australasian Rights Purchase Bill was read the second time aud taken through committee. The Medical Bill passed its third reading, and was forwarded to the Legislative Assembly for con- sideration. A PRISONER named Green, who was boing con- voyed from Tamworth to Sydnoy hy the mail tram yesterday, managed to throw himself out of the carriago near Blandford, about 70 miles from Tamworth. The train waa going at tho rafe of ¡Si mile« an hour, and Green, who was leg-ironed, was killed on the spot. THE R.M.S. Alameda arrived at Auckland yestorday from San Franoisoo. AT the Nowmarket Second Ootobor Meeting on Wednesday Mr. Ellin's b m Red Eyes won the Cesurewitoh Stakes. LAST night the Broken Hill Municipal Council decided to stop the relief works this week. AT tho statutory meeting of the shareholders in the Australian Joint Stock Bank yesterday Mr. Wnlter Friend, the chairman, stated that since tho new bank started the business had been satis- factory, and that the director» saw no cause for anxiety about the bank's engagements. The report and balanoe-sheet were adopted, and a vote of thanks was accorded to the directors, general manager, and officer» of the bank. COLONEL TEJIPLETOÏÎ has been declared elected us a meniber to ropreBout Benalla in the Victorian Legislative Assembly. IN the Stook and Share' market yesterday, Commercial Bank of Sydnoy share« sold at an improved prioe, . an ' shares in the Bank of New South Wales sold at the previous rato. A MORE oheorful tone is discernible in the Import market, as the demand for Christinas sup- plies will shortly make itself folt. However, the volume of business has not yet shown any marked increase. THE"only sale in the Mining market yesterday was in Broken Hill Proprietary shares at 49s. - VKSTERDAT the Customs receipts amounted to £4885. Towards this the 10 por cent, nd valorem duty contributed Í6G8, and the 16 per cent. £120. TJp to a late hour lait evening the week in Pnvlifiment appeared likely to end as it had begun, in discussing the procedure of the Government in abolishing the old electorates three mouths before the now ones could come into effective force. If this prospect was not fully realised this was due to the perfunotory and lifeless oharaoter of the debate which failed to seouro the interest of the House, and at times even to koep a quorum, and at last ended from sheer inanition. The notion of Mr. REID in disolniming any party purpose in rnising the question, and doolnring that he sought only an explanation and the provision of a remedy, seemed to deprive the question of all interest to the groot majority of members direotly it was knownithat it in no way affected the position of the Government, but only the electoral franohisos of the 300,000 electors of New South Wales. This understanding allowed some hon. members on the Minis- terial side to exhibit their independence by condemning the notion of the Govern- ment, since it was olear that no vote would be taken and nothing could ooma of the condemnation. But it waa obvious that however patriotic might have been the action of the leader of the Opposi-1 tion in depriving his motion of any party j Surpose, this procedure at the same time estroyed ita interest to the House, and; gave a character of dreary dulneas to the whole discussion. Those who had looked to the raising of this question with interest from the oppor- tunity it gave to the Ministry to put forward its explanation and its de- fence will be indeed disappointed at the form which the defence assumed. Perhaps the Attorney . General never succeeded so little in impressing Parliament as in the attempt at a defence upon which he was content to rest his case last evening. We do not desire to charac- terise this, our readers may see it for themselves, and form their own opinion about it. We need only say with respeot to it that the assertion which runs through it that the Act throughout intended that the old electorates should be abolished immediately the new were proclaimed, and the country be thus left for three months without an electoral system, i«. in ^the first place quite gratuitous, and, in the second place, out of accord with the distinct provision of the Act. Surely in dealing with so important a matter as the destruction of the existing electoral system of the country three months before the new can come into force, something more than loose in- ference is requisite. In so important a matter a woll-known canon of legal interpretation might well be held to apply, and in the absence of an express provision for its immediate abolition the old system might be kept in force till the new was ready to take its place. If the Act intended to provide for the immediate destruction of the old electorates assuredly it would have said so. What it did say was something entirely different. It merely required the Government, on the completion of the new distribution, to issue a proclamation to "fix a date on whioh the unre poaled sections " of the old law should be repealed. Not to repeal them imme- diately, but to "fix a date" for their repeal, words which obviously imply a dato different from and subsequent to that of the proclamation itself. All this is so obvious that those who wore willing to hope that the Government was prepared with an adequate justification of its action could hardly prevent g-ave misgivings from crossing their mind when so extraordi- nary a prooedure was defended by suoh deplorably weak arguments and assertions. When the time of Parliament is being dealt with in a way that appears to sug- gest that it is being wasted, those familiar with Parliamentary devices aro accustomed to glance ahead in the notice-paper to see if there is any business to come on which some might desire to block. The business which waB intercepted and delayed by the way in which the time of the House was oc- cupied on two successive evenings was the business of federation. And those who considered to how many members in pro- minent positions on both sides of the House federation is an excessively awkward subject, might be excused for finding an explanation of the complacency with which hours of valuable timo were wasted in inanimate and drowsy debate in the fact that at any rate the discussion served to retard a subject highly incon- venient to many membeis. Misgivings of this kind are the more natural when we remember the " base uses " to which the subject of federation has been put in New South Wales politics. It was at least satisfactory to see that, lato as was the hour at whioh the House was left free to approach the subject, Mr. BARTON seúed the opportunity of plaeiug the proposal to go into committee upon the Commonwealth Bill before the Hume. There was, we presume, some signifi- cance in Mr. BARTON'S suggestion that though ho hoped the matter would bo dealt with as a non-party question it might yet be neoessary to organise party nrrangemonts to onrry it on to its goal. This remark soomod to have further point given to it by Mr. BARTON'S renewed afllr mation that he placed federation before any other purposo whatever. Tho time may not bo distant when tho other members of Parliament who place federa- tion in a similar position will be drawn bj' a common purposo into combination for common action to give thoir puipose effect. Perhaps it is too much to expoct that federation will be secured except by the adoption of the momia ordinarily taken to give legislative and political effect to any importaut public policy. This question time must decide. Meanwhile it was not to be wondered at if the result of the preceding debate was to cast a shadow ovor the beginning of that upon federation. The Houso could hardly bo expected deoply to interest itself in flaming constitutional machinery after so recent au illustration to how little purposo serves the most elaborately devised machinery unless this is faithfully worked in the spirit and towards the object to which it was de- signed to give eifoct. The Intercolonial Military Tournament can be regarded from different stand- points, but hardly without interest and sympathy. The pnrtisipation of picked men from the victorian and Queens- land forces gives to it a wider cha- racter than would belong to á mero demonstration. The tondency of the Tenterfield, Bosehill, and Melbourne tournaments during tlio last few years has been uniformly in an intercolonial direc- tion, and just as the presonce of Now South Wales and Victorian, of Canadian and Indian, forces at Islington this year lent to that gathering much pioturesquenoss, attracted publio attention, and stimulated competitors, so the fact that the three groat colonies are represented in the Sydney tournament cannot fail to iaAuonce the success of the affair. That The several branches of the Australian defence forces should be brought into friendly competi- tion, and have opportunities of seeing eaoh other in harness, is desirable in view of the similar nature of the defence con- ditions in Australia, and of the possi- bility that in case of need the land forces of the four eastern oolonies would be called upon for concerted work. The Commandant in South Australia has submitted a scheme for a conjoint encamp- ment of picked corps from the ohiof oolonies, but, whatever thero may bo to say in favour of the idea in itself, it does not seem that the present^ circum- stances of the colonies encouruge it. And, after all, such an intercolonial encamp- ment, if confined as proposed to about 200 officers and mon from eaoh colony, must tend to be neither less nor more than a tournament on a larger scale. Meantime, we have these periodical competitions in which intercolonial representatives take part to the advantago of both the home and the visiting troops. To many of those who may attend the Agricultural Society's grounds to witness the contesta the attraction will be limply that of military athletic «ports, in whioh rospeot the tournament will probably be very imposing. With bands, uniforms, arms, trained mea . and horses, ' a military pageant ia a seif- sufnoing attraction, and when to the pomp and circumstance ia added the strife of mimio warfare, enough ii provided to please many tastes. But while Major-General HUTTON and hil staff have provided liborally the mere theatrical displays of which the forces are capable, and in whioh the majority of those who witness the sports will take most interest, those contests whioh are more valuable because they prove discipline, steadiness, and familiarity with weapons have not been omitted. Not all the brillianoy of the merely spec- tacular part of the woik this week will conceal from the publio that the ultimate qualities required in these con- tests are stern realities. The tournament is all the more useful because the lack of continuous training has left a weakness in the military machine which may be partly demonstrated, partly sup- plied, by the exercises performed in view of the general publio, under the eyes of the commandant, and subject to the competition of intercolonial troops. Of course, a tournament, even in most favourable circumstances, is an inadequate substitute for work in the field under conditions as nearly as practicable those of actual warfare. Still, corps and individual competitions ought to bo valuable. They show what stuff the military leaders in Australia have to reckon upon ; and, while supplying to the officers an object lesson in both the strength and the w'eakness'of our system, they educate the men themselves in self relismce and reliance upon one another. If anyone should sneer at them as toy warfare, he is welcome to whatever satisfaction he may derive from the taunt. We may remind ourselves that a generation has passed iuto the ranks of the great mili- tary nations in Europe which has had only a training of much the same kind as is being bostowed upon the troops here under manifest limitations. Further, there is this to bo said :-r-The Íirobable circumstances of hostilities by and in any of tho Australian colonies win demand not a large force, but essentially a corps d'élite, picked men, disciplined mon, trained to mastery of their material, and commanded by officers in whom they muy heartily confide. " In as tar, then, as the military tourna- ment demonstrates the goodness of the personnel and matériel of the local torcos, even if it discloses some shortcomings in organisation and training, it will repay the labours of its authors and will do serve the sympathy of the- citizens. There are those who look upon the military expenditure of the colonies as wasteful and ridiculous, whioh it would be if it did not result in giving us a force equal to any reasonable emergency. We have, it is true, no territorial or his- torical enmities by which the future of Australia could be overcast with the lurid eclipse of civil wars. And not only tho approach of federation, but also that absence of predisposing ten- dencies to intestine strife, must be held to prevent those dangers from the establish- ment of local forces which some political theorists affect to fear. On the other hand, the outlook abroad is one that compels caution, and it is a counsel of prudence as of self-respect to maintain iii efficiency that arm of land defence which is wholly Australion. As integral parts of the oomraunity, not isolated from it by the conditions of service, the local forces and the publio interact. The prestige and value of the citizen army are increased by the confidence and the sympathy of citizens outside the ranks, and the moral effect of demonstrations such as that in Moore Park this week is to heighton so useful a consensus. Passing by the commendable destination of the financial proceeds of the tournament, it remains to be hoped thut the intercolonial visitors will bo ploased at their participa- tion, and that the record of success nohioved at the Bosohill demonstration will be exceeded. MILITARY TomiVAHENT.-The intercolonial military tournament, whioh is to last thrco days and tbros evouings, and tlio proceeds of which are to be applied to tho funds of various hospitals, was successfully inaugurated at the ground» of the Royal Agricultural Society yoatorday. In tho afternoon th» proceed- ings were witnessed by his Exoollonoy the Governor, Lady Duff, and family, and by other speotators numbering about 3000. In tho evening the visitors numbered between 4000 and 5000\. The tournament will be oontinuod through- out to-day, and in connection with it displays and competitions will be given in the evening. THE HON. MACKENZIE BOWELL.-The Canadian Minister for Customs attended the military tournament yesterday, and was present for a time in the Legislative Assembly last night. To-day Mr. Bowell will be taken for a trip round the fruit districts. He will start from Milson's Point ferry at 8.30 a.m., and will take the train from there to Hornsby Junction, and then run to Thornleigh on the Northern Line. From there drays will bo taken through Dural and Castle Hill, reaching Parramatta in time to get back to Sydney early in the evening. The party will number about 16 persons, the Ministers in attendance being Mr. Burton and Mr. Cope- land. Mr. Bowell intends leaving for Queensland in a few days time. THE PREMIER'S BIRTHDAT.-Yesterday was the anniversary of the Premier's birthday. Sir George Dibbs was born at Sydney, on the 12th October, 1834, and is therefore 59 years of age. During the morning a number of friends called upon him at his ooloo ; and he was also the recipient of a number of presents and congratulatory tele- grams. MINISTER for JUSTICE.-Mr. R. E. O'Connor is still indisposed, and has decided to seek further rest. Mr. O'Connor will probably be away from his department for another fortnight, during which time Mr. Barton and Mr. Slattery will supervise the work of the office. LIABILITIES OF THE SYDNEY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. -Mr. Davies gilvo notice of the following ques- tion in tho Legislative Council, and it was down on the business paper yesterday, but at the request of tho Representative of tho Government it wat postponed: " What aro the total liabilities of the Sydney Munioipnl Council on nccouutot'debentures issued for tho erection of Town Hall, stroot-puving, markets, &c.;, and what is tho ourrnnoy of suoh debentures, and the amount of annual interest pay- able thereon ; and what provision has been made for a sinking fund ; and what is the present amount of suoh fund ; and has the Government guaranteed payment of the loan» that have been issued ; and what was the sum paid by the counoil for the old police court site, in George-street, and from what fund has suoh payment been made F " COLONIAL AsnirrsrnoN.-The agreement be- tween the Government of New South Wules by Captain Whitney for the manufactura of ooloninl ammunition was signed yesterday. The price of the ammunition will be the same at thal of the im- ported article. The advantage to the <-olony will, the Premier «tates, be that it will bo able to keep less stock in hand, whilst the probability Is that the agreement will ultimately lead to the establishment of a cartridge manufactory hero. Hitherto ammunition has been imported in large quantities from England, with the result that it baa deteriorated. The Premier states that recently a large quantity of ammunition had to be thrown overboard because it had become useless. The amount likely to be lequired, as stated in a reoent paragraph ia the Herald, it about a million and a half rounds per annum. Mr. M'Oourt gave notice in the Legisla- tive Assembly last night that he thould mort on Tuesday that thara he laid upon the Ubis of the House copies of all oorreapoadenoe, minutes, or other documents' between Captain Whitney, or other persons, and the Government, having refer- ence to the supply of ammunition for the military forees from a Victorian factory. , brpuisoxjiEtrr ros Win DESBSTION-The Minister for Justtoe has had under his considera- tion the advisability of rastrioting the punishment, in certain eases, of men imprisoned booause of non-oomplianoe with order» mad» upon them for the support of their wives. The oasis in question are those in whioh it is well-known that the women who bave to be supported are loading bad lives. When the orders made upon the husbands are not compiled with, im- prisonment follows. The imrrisoament, properly speaking, should last until the terms of the order have been complied with, but as a matter of practise no man is for this offence kept, in gaol longer than 12 months. The question of liberating such prisoners is apparently a simple one, but Mr. O'Connor found when héosme to deal with the subjeot that it was surrounded with difficulties. An appeal might be made against the order of the magistrate, but that would take too long, and the process would be too complicated. It is also pointed out that whilst the Judge might vary the order which had been made, the action would not be retronpootive. Mr. O'Connor wrote a minute in which he deoidod merely to exercise the prerogative of the Crown and release the men ; but be subsequently withdrew it as the question arose whether, under these ciroumttances, the Crown would not render itself liable to pay the amount of money owing to the wife of the prisoner relsased, as the remedy oi the woman to recover what was due to her would then be taken away. The position la which the matter now stands is that it has been referred to the stipendiary magistrates, with the view of seeing whether they they can suggest a remedy. Replis» are expeoted iu the course of a few days. It is recognised by the department that,it is an injustiDe that men should be kept in prison for not osmplylng with orders for the maintenance of bad women, especially as in many eases it can be shown that the prisoners bave been unable to keep up their payments be- cause they have been out of work. Mr. O'Connor is now away from his Department owing to ill health ; and in his absence Mr. Frazer, the Under- secretary, will probably consult Mr. Barton on the subjeot, and definite action will bo taken in the matter shortly. EXPENDITURE ON PUBLIC WOBXS.-Mr. Slat- tery last night laid on the table of the Legislativo Assembly a return showing the expenditure on publio works since the introduction of the existing tariff on the 2nd December, 1801. From this it appeared that the amount expended out of loans on railways and tramways was £886,275 17s 6d, and it is estimated that £1,660,048 will lie re- quired to complete the works in hand and authorised. On harbours and rivers £208,017 7s 2d had been expended out of loan. It was estimated that £72,906 18s would be required frura that source. Out of revenue £219,218 17s Id had been spent, and £6584 14s 8d would be required from that fund to complota works. In the Govern- ment Architect's Department £208,017 7s 2d of loan money and £146,741 2s 3d out of revenue had beon spent, and £76,636 16B 4d out of the loan fund and £51,792 7s 3d out of revenue would be required to complete works in band. On roads and bridges the expenditure had been £74,150 4s lid from loans, £610,772 from revenue ; and £55,000 from loans and £250,000 from revenue was required to completo authorised works. Sowerago had absorbed £203,424 19s 5d of loans and £10,194 As 8d out of revenue, while £120,004 16s Id of loans was still required. In water conservation £3731 7s 2d out of loan funds bad boen spent, and £7625 was still required. The Water Supply and Sewerage Board had expended £217,356 of loan money, £72,825 4s 4d out of revenue; and £65,347 Is from loans and £4610 from revenue would be needed to complote exuding contract«. The total expen- diture from loans had been £1,794,521 from revenue £1,059,751 9s 9d; and £2,063,708 of loan funds and £312,987 Is lid out of revenue was still necessary to carry on works. It is estimated that the amount required for works authorised but not in hand will be £15,909 out of loans and £15,104 17s 6d out of revenue. The Sowerage Board had recommended, in addition, the expendi- ture of £31,640 5s out of loans and £200 out of revenue, but that had not been authorised by the Minister for Works. ' ' TBEASURT Non».-Mr. Wise has given notice that ou Tuesday next he will ask tho Colonial Treasurer the following question :-Roferring to seotion 9 of the Current Aoeonnt Depositors Aot, whioh requires "That the Treasurer shall during each month withdraw from oiroulation and cancel Treasury notes to an amount equal to the moneys received by him during the month next precediug, inreimbursomontof odvanoasmade under this Aot," has this provision of the Act been complied with P What amount of moneys was reoulved by him dur- ing tho month of June in reimbursement of advances made under this Act P What amount of such Treasury notes was withdrawn from oircu lutiou aud cancelled during the month of July P What amount of moneys was received by him during tho month of July in reimbursement of advances male under the Act P What amount of such Treasury notos wa« withdrawn from circula- tion and cauoelli-d during the month of August P What amount of moneys was received by him during tho month of Augustin reimbursement of advances mudo under the ActP What amount ot snob Treasury notes was withdrawn from cir- culation and cancelled during the mouth of Sep- tember, and on what date in that mouth P What amount of moneys was received by him during the mouth of September in reimbursement of advance! made under the Act P What amount of such Treasury notes was withdrawn from ciroula tiou and cancelled during the month of October P What amount of such Treasury notes still exist, not withdrawn, from circulation and cancelled P COURTS OF CONCILIATION.-On Tuesday next Mr. O'sullivan will ask the Attorney- General whether it is his intention te mnke compulsory the attendance in tho Court of Conciliation of both parties to industrial disputes. FEES AT TUB Hmn SCHOOLS.-A return has been prepared for tho information of tho Minister for Publio Instruction, showing the result of the raising of the lees at the High Sobools through- out the colony. The result is regarded au satis- factory, inasmuoh as it shows that whilst there has been ouly a «light falling off in the attendunoo ot the pupils there was a considerable increase in the total amount of fees received. It may also bo pointed out that the falling-off in attendance should not be wholly attributed to the raising of the fees, for, owing to the general depression, a large number of advanced pupils have been ooin polled to leave school earlier than would otherwise Lavo boen tho case. This is shown by the falling oli whioh has alsu taken plaoo in the iittendauce of pupils at private schools throughout the colouy. The return in connection with the Sydney Grammar School is regarded by the Minister as gratifying. It was thought by the trustées of that institution that if the fees were raised there would be a large diminution in the attendance. Tuo return, however, «bows that for the June quarter of 1893, when the low foes were in operation, the at- tendance was 400, while lor the September quarter, during whioh the high scale was in voguo, it only deteriorated by 4. The returns are I as fullows :-June quarter, 1893, Sydney High School (Boys) : Enrolment, 277 ; foes paid, £472 10s. September quarter : Enrolment, 249 ; fees paid, £617 8a. Sydnoy High School (Girls)-June quarter : Enrolment, 257 ; fees paid, £424 2s. September quurbir : Enrolment, 215 ; fees paid, £441. East Maitland (Boy»)-June quarter: enrolment, 60; fees paid, £64 19s 6d. September quarter : Enrolment, 61 ; fees paid, £94 10s. West Maitland (Girlej-June quarter : Enrolment, 49; foes paid, £60 11s 6d. September quarter : Enrolment, 64 ; fees paid, £97 13s. Bathurst High School-June quarter: Enrolment, 43 ; fees paid, £56 14s. September quarter: Enrolment, 36; fees paid, £59 17s. The total enrolment, therefore, for the June quarter, was 686, and the fee« paid, £1078 19»; for the September quarter tho total enrolment was 614, and tho fe**, £l376 11s. The Syduey Grammar School enrol- ment for the June quarter was 400, and the feos, £1434' 6s ; wLilo for the September quarter the figures were 390 and £1507 Is. REOIBTlUB-GBNEnAL's DEPARTMENT.-In OOn nootion with tho Royal Commission to inquire into the Registrar-General's Department, we under- stand that prollminary steps wero taken yesterday, and that it is likely that evidence will be taken to- day. It has been resolved that the inquiry shall be conducted with closed doors. BABBIT PLAQUE IN THE WESTERN DISTRICT. It will be remembered that on 28th September Mr. Gormly moved the adjournment of the Legislative Assembly, with the view of calling attention to a notice oontuiued in the Government QaitUt of the 12th September to proolaim, undor the 12th section of the Rabbit Aot of 1890, certain lsnds situate between the MornuabLlM and tile Lachlan Rivara nbbu- iafeited. Itwaj then explained te the Minister for Lands that tot intention of Mr. Gormly waa that toquait« should be mad«, and that the penosa interested should have fair time and opportunity topUai their views before him. Sinos tata the Minltttt baa received protests from the Farmtrt' Unios of Grong Grong ; from a publia meeting of faim«« held at Boggy Greek ; a résolution has been for- warded to bim which wat carried at the aaatal moeting of the North Bcrry.Jtrry «Ttrtatty Union ; a petition has been «tat In tigntl by 240 person«, being either landowner« «. ?grionlturiiti, residont within the area; a petitioa signed by a number cf other settlers hu batt reoeived, and alto a protest from the. farsea resident at Junee. The notice in the Goietti wai to the effect that at the end of 30 day« it wat ia. tended to issue a proclamation declaring the di»> triet rabbit-infested ; but in view of the represe«, tatton« whioh hare now been made the Minister kit decided that the proclamation shall renitis fe abeyance for the present , GBAsnto or Burra».-It ia still hoped by ti* Department of Mines and Agriculture that tomt. thing may shortly be done with the view el bringing about the grading of butter exportai from the colony. The system, it will be bora« it mind, waa strongly recommended by Mr. Chirk« R. Valentine in bli recent report to the Agett. General. The report, whioh ia a voluminout caá dealing with the matter in detail, it now btiif dittributed by the department se widely upo* lible. Mr, Dunslifte, an inspector in eoaatotaB with the Agrioultural Department, it aleo ntiUt* inquiries on the «ubjoot. Before any thing can »» done in the matter the consent liai fe be gained of the dairykeepert end batt» maker«, and the lut time these people wat oanvaated they proved to be antagonist«. to the proposal. It ia now thought, howartr with the additional light that will be thrown apt the matter by Mr. Valentine'« report, that fe* exportera will be ia favour of grading, end «t*M will shortly be taken with the view of the «yatta being inaugurated. The first shipment of tai« leaton'« batter waa sent away about three watti ago ; bat a good deal of butter is exported ina Sydney ill the year round. VITAL STATISTICS.-From a return whioh hu been prepared by Mr. Coghlan, it apptart that tia death» from measles in September were :-In tit city, 76 ; in the eaburbt, 144 ; being a total «I 220, whioh ia a large increase on the number fet the previous month. ^ There ia also reuen M believe that in catee where meule« bu been followed by other diseases, notably pneumonia, the cause of death hat been retan»! at that of the secondary disease, whereat if it bai not been for the attack of measles death would not have taken place. Tho death« from otk« diteuee for the samo .<nonth were a« follow« : From typhoid fever, iii the city 2, in the »abort» 4 ; from diphtheria in U'ie city, 2, in the subort«, 8 ; from scarlet fever, in the city 4, in thetuburhi 9\. The deaths in the city totalled 129 mile« ud 115 females ; in the suburbs, 261 males and 121 females ; making altogether for the month, 4» males and 344 female». DEPUTATION TO TUB PUBSHEB.-A deputatki will wait upon the Premier at W '?'clock toll morning with regard to the sale oi «aituial lut tobacco by unlicensed persons. LABOTJ» PASTY.-There wat a meeting ef tht members of the labour party in Parliament Hom yesterday. There was a fairly lurga attendant of members. Some discussion took place on tal question of the appointment of a leader of tht party, and Dr. Hollis noiniuatwl Mr. J. Cook, su of the members for Hartley, for the petition«, leader. The nomination was seconded by Mr, Black, but no decision was come to on the nutt«. A basis on which the members aro likely to become a strongly united party was arrived tt. A communication was reoeived conveying tht hearty congratulations of the central wa uittee of the Labour Electoral Leajro« to the mombers on their Mtka, We understand that it ii thought that the party, when organised, will contain over 22 member*. The desire ii to form a distinot platform, which eu be supported by the whole of the members. Thctiil somo disagreement as to what the " plank«" should oontist of. The only measure yet igmi on with any certainty is the Mining on Print» Property Bill; and it ia also probtU» that federation may bo adopted at a pry ory. The desire of the labour représentât« it to unite whilst there is yet time this Bessie» to bring measures bufore Parliament whioh wiH bl of uso to the workers, and upon these mettam tho party hope to vote as a solid body. PITT TOWN LABOUH SETTLEMENT.-The bond of control in connection with the Pitt Town Ltbotr Settlement met yesterday, wheu reports from the superintendent were received and approved. Tht full number of men is now on the settlement, benf 100 ; there aro 71 women there with their familia, and the remaining women, with their ohildrw, will be sent up before the end of tht month. The question of water supply it at prenti receiving attention. Trial shafts uro being Mik for tho purpose of ascertaining whether weus will be of any use, and a dam is shortly to be eon «truoted in a gully above the garden ; whilst« series of small waterholes is also being provided, whioh at all events will temporarily meet pmeti requirements. In addition, a turroyor is taldaf levels to see if it is possible to run tho water into the settlement from tho Cattai Creek. It ii recognised, however, that to construct t MM for the purpose would be entirely beyond Ü» means of the board, as it would be a somewhat costly affair. A suggestion has been mads to tht Minister for Lands that nomo of tho south-wMttn portion of the settlement should be exchanged for a picco of land on the north« eastern boundary, which would facilitate com- munication with tho Cattai Crook, and thus platt the settlers within ensy reach of the water. Then uro about 200 children on the settlement, and tht Education Department has promised to proyid»! provisional school capable of acooinmolating 300 children. No stop hat yet been taken by tin Department, but the board of control ii in daily expectation of hearing further from tht department. The settlors are anxious that I school should bo established with as little deity «I possible. About 76 «eros of land will shortly bt ploughed and put under crop, and the settler! tn beginning to clear their own plots and to flint flowers and vegetables. Timber is also being cut and stookod for firewood and post rail», and it ii expected that some will shortly be placed oathi market. WllBERFOEOB LABOIÍR SíriXEItENT.-Stop« M« been taken to obtain the approval of the hlinltter for Lauds to the appointaient of the board d control for the management of affairs ia oonnee tion with the labour settlement at Wilberforce. Seven gontlemen have been nominated by thi Minister, all being local residents, whilst fin members of the settlement havo been enrolled. The seven members are Messrs. B. Conlon, J. Nioholk. S. J. Dunstan, son., G. Greenwoll, L. Simpson,»'. Kos«, H. Beecroft. Tho fivo member» of til settlement appointed are : Mossrs. W. Moreland, W. M'Millan, A. Gilbert, ' 0. Rhodes, »nd 1. Lines. The settlement, it will be remembered, li composed mostly of gardeners, who are »pendit! a oortain amount of their own money before tpplj ing to the Government for assistance. The tottl number of men, women, andohildren now ot tal settlement is 122 souls. Tan WOSLD'S FAIS.-The new American COBS suL visited the World's Fair at Chiaago tewnl times during the season, and while there made the acquaintance of the New South Wales delegatk». He highly commends tho zeal and ability of Or Runwick and his'staff, and «ays they hare Btti host» of friend« among the people of the M* world. Tho exhibit« from the colony, Coke« Boll saje, were not only highly interesting to tb people, but they are surprising as wull. Ott of the most interesting features, np Colonel Boll, is the mineral display in the misa» department. Our people have such wonditT mineral wealth in several States that tbeyW overlooked thete sources of wealth in other It»* and when they were confronted with tb« Vt* I South Wale« exhibit«, under tho charge of «J» capable and enthusiast« strangers, their 'nfT* soon turned to admiration. Colouel Bel! .»'.** allotment of space for the colony was liberal, »J that no exhibitors on the grounds have tho« moro taste, »kill, or business-senso in the arrlal*' ments for attmotive display than shown bytjj colonial representatives. Ho say« :-" Yavifeot* may justly feel proud of your oonquestfl at Chiall«! and of the men who havo, with «tioh good juill mont and fidelity porformed the perplexing dub" of their positious." GitonoE-SWEET MAKKETS.-A deputation *.» the Stonemasons' Society, consisting of Ms»»* J. Grant («uoretary of the society), J. wnn«i and A. Cox, wailed on tho Mayor of Syd«*/ yesterday to ask that the work of erecting «. George- street Markets might be proceeded Witt« speedily as possible At the present tun», «J deputation pointed ont, there was great mm rifc-j-woik in the building trade It waa tJdSst there were about 500 stonemasons at Août of work If the George-.treet SSf were gone OB with at once it would n i^txerrshcvethe ditttw. The Mayor said jSedthat the request was a reasonable «BUM» «»o w0,k wM begun .WB3t **%* S bien »>*.. to «.* on *'£ ^8 ¡Sjfn« He had given instructions to the eiry ïutaeitohsve the plans of the superstructure 'OÏZZÀu soon as possible There was no doubt Karst, would pay, and Messrs Richardson «5 ttobn had estimated that tho market ¡¡VbTfres of debt in 50 years The Mayor jko would be prepared to cell for tenders for i. «ft in about two months time, and the work ÍJsjd probably be started in July next. .U-XATIOV or PaopEaTT sr A FELON -A suit wfcattT»numlio.an entirely novel oharaofcer "Sji tilt jurisdiction of the Supremo Court ii _ÜL«d was commoncod yesterday before Mr Ä Owen The borough of Paddington is liwtahaT« » declaration from the Court that r^rfcri of land at Rushcutter Bay and ?Tnrftnl.« by tho defendant George E Blackmore lidttthut George Henry Marsh wcro void as lart m order made by Judge Backhouse direot Stiit ft» »um of £o0° m,8ht*.p to ^tifi borough out of the estate of Blackmore Knesn that on or about the 24th Novero w 18*2. Blackmore was tried and convicted UM j'odgs Backhouse on a charge of "u«. th» moneys of the pUlntiff EX» f'6 -T" 189° About **.8th 0ct0" te 1892 Blsckmore conveyed to Marsh the Wrrferred to, and on the 3rd March last Judge jugule made an order under the 416th section ,» thi Criminal Law Amendment Aot, directing L-jacf £500 to be paid out of the property of ¡¿to» to the plaintiff borough by way of mooMWtT for the loss sustained by the borough DTMUQ of the felony Upon this order a wnt 2 «seimon was issued, but it was abortive as glaafaMtt had no property, and the borough É»eu is»ow seeking to have the transfors by KtshBor» declared void so that the borough BIT levr uP°n 'B8 lani to ?eoure tue «00 The 4l7th sootion of the Criminal Jaw Jjnendment Aot states,-" Every aliena deo of the offender's property or any part tbtnof, executed or made by him, or by u» person under hil direction, after the commis «¿tí the offence and within 12 months before (UCMTiobon shall, as against every such writ, be sbsoluUly void provided that nothing in this seo Ha .hall sue»' any alienation to a person for valuable eoniideration and without notice or atawlrdgs of inch offence " Ihe defence as far M lí«r»a ii conoerned is that the transfers wera «.statu for valuable consideration and without johci or knowledge of Blackmore'! offence The Utt« »li» denies that Marsh knew of the offence «foti he (Blackmore) had committed when the Multn were executed The case waa not cou aludsd. SIJTOMMOIOAL STATION s IN NEW CALEDONIA - Jfr Ciraient L Wragge, Government Meterolo rjtof Queensland, left by tho Rockton yesterday fttHtw Caledonia His mission is to establish tro or three meteorological observatories in the atoa, And he trusts to be able so to co-opnrate Titi ti» luthonties there as to insure suooess The Cónsul-General of France has given htm til uceaisry credential« When the new cab» ii opened and all in order data will I» «nied regularly to the ohief weather bureau, Brutal», from Noumea und other places, and suoh HI expected vastly to lnereasothe porcontage of lecuraey is the forecasts for the whole of Eastern Auitnlla In ratura the weather bureau will tons forecasts regularly for New Caledonia , and ihoald i storm threaten the island, immediate riming wdl be wired thithor During Mr Wrsjfgi'i absence, hu ohief assistant, Mr Archi- bald W Anderson will issue the forecasts hrrttiisu. n PORT -A good doal of influenza ii reported to be about again, and is proving ?nutra atnongit the crews of vessels in port On bond H.M S Ringdove la grippe has spread inoig the men, s dozen of whom were reported to bl .uttering from it last night The crew of the ?Item« Araber, from the island«, were all seized «nth the complaint, and suffered severely from it do member of the crow was recently removed to the hospital Movxrant or WARSHIPS -The flagship is to its' at Adelaide until the 27th of this month, thus giving ths South Australians a fair opportu- nity to vuit the helio 1 cruiser From South Australia the Orlando will go to Melbourne so as io bl in the vicinity of the Tarra dunns: Cup . tim« One of the Auxiliary Squadron, H M S Tauranga, at present m New Zealand waters, is trader oriirs for .Noumea, and will leave Auck- land it an early dato, while another, the Katoomba that rendered such useful service at Samoa during the omi strife there, is to oome down to Sydney H M S Royalist, now in îsrm Cove, will leave Sydney about the end of the mouth Hen SreotEM BRITANNIA AND ALAMEDA -A menit,! received hy tho P and O Company yes- terday gavo the Blitanma passing Queenscliff at J 30 p m for Sydney She will be due hero early to monow morning The Britannia this voyago landed the Ernrlish mail at Adelaide in 30 days from London, postal date There were 121 passengers cn boira for the colonies Another mail steamer on her way to Syanoy was heard from vestorday, the vessel being the Alameda from San Franoisco Bhe arrived at Auckland at 11 a m , and sailed for Sydney at 6 10 p m Tho Union Steamship totnpiuy, agents for the lino, are advised that tho | Alameda will arrivo boro on Monday next TEX OVERDUE Sntr WOOLTON -Many comments areberagmadoinshippingciioloswithregardtotho ship Woolton announced in tieso r-olumna yester- day as eenously ovorduo at Valparaiso from New cutle Local interest in the vessel is greater from the faut« of the captain licmg well known in Sydney, and that his wife resides boro Our N iwcostlp coireipondent has forwarded a list of tho names of those who were on board tho Woolton when Bhe Ulled from Newcastle last June The mastor's liméis G B Tolinston , first mate, W Brass leeond mate, W N Gnrdncr steward, L ßchneiders cook 0 R Hogg sailmaker A O Anderson , carpenter, N Lindguard , a'do sea- men, J Geanor, J Calder, G WIIBOU, 0 S O Jilean, W Searle, J Luiskoll, W Bu», G T KonJiaw, D Allen, T Sfrouts J Garoio, T Martin, H Walter, 0 Allye, K Bonuna-, H Miik-iver, EWS Bteen, T Larsen W Eisner, J R Robertson, W Smilst, and H Tinsley The two last named joined tho ship at Nowcastlo Some of tho «li ere joined at Melbourne 1 ofore the ship carne round to Newcastle to load Thors wera thus 29 pfsoai on board whou the ship sailed for dull PIOSIO TO Mn Jonv HUNTER - K. farewell pnuo was given to Mr John Hunter and his farailv on Monday on the ei e of their departure tot Europe on an extended holiday The »embers of the party, consisting of over 100 ladies and gentlemen woro r-onveyod to Tearl Bay by tho stonmer Mermaid, and after onjovina: doming and outdoor gamos they partook of an excellent lunolieon Mr F jtouth presded, and stated that he had "ten requested to apologise for the absence «J the Mayor of Sydney, Alderman W ? Uanmng, who rogrettod vory much that hu publie duties provontod him from attend- ing and personally wishing his friends and their ffuèi!« a pleasant voyage, and also an apology for tin absence through illness of Mr Drew, principal manager of Mr Hunter s warehouse He then Prcpoaed the hoalth of Mr Hunter and family He stated that ho had a knowledge of Mr Hunter for upwards of 10 years, and that Macharaotor, both Boomlly and in lus busino s, Wai above reproach, uud that the proposed trip W roet an I pleasure was well deserved Mr Hunter responded ina short speeoh, and stated that the greatest plonaiiro he had over exporienoed *ae the feelmg 0{ Domg Rbi0 to síy<¡ mB ^f,, an¿ «our daughters the opportunity of ssetng some tWng of the world, as he now proposed What .W mooee« ho had made in his business career, M intended that his family should havo the SH .iMOeeD1'>r""'' oiuo of tho fruits of the same nstlsnlmdhta fnen Is sincerely, and stated that »« gathenng around him was a testimony of «nu esteem whioh he would nover forget BAZAAR AT GRANVILLE -The annual bazaar for the reduction of the debt on St Mark's Church was opened in the Albert Hall, Granville, yester- day afternoon. The Rev D. E. Evans-Jones presided at the opening, and there were also on the platform the Rev E. A. Colvin, Judge Docker, and Miss Snowdon-Smith. The chairman dwelt at some length on the circumstances which had led to the holding of the bazaar. Miss Snowdon Smith, who was received with applause, said she had much pleasure in declaring the bazaar open, and expressed a wish that it would be a success. His Honor Judge Docker expressed the thanks of the pro- motors to Miss Snowdon-Smith. A hearty round of applause was then given to Miss Smith, and Miss Winnie Brabin presented her with a bouquet of flowers. The stallholders were: Mesdames Neich, Harrison, Lyon, Burnell, Marsh,, M'Manis, Evans Jones, Coutts, and Misses King, Thomas, Hodson, Docker, Fry, Neich, Dryhurst, Bellinger, and Howieson, and the members of the Girls Friendly Society and St Mark's sewing party. LADY MISSIONAMEI.-A lirgely-attended fare- well meeting to the Mitte« Flemming, Reid, and M'Culloch, who are leaving on Saturday next for mission work in China, vu hold in the Centenary Hall lost evening. The chair wa« occupied by the Rev. R. Bavin (secretary for New South Wales to the China Inland Mission), and among thoa« who occupied «cats on the platform were several ministers of different dcnominatioui, including the Rev. J. Jenkins (Church of England), Rev. J. A. Soper (Baptist), end Rev. John Walker (Presby- terian). About 30 Chinese memben of the Pres- byterian Chínete Minion were also on the plat- form, and during the evening tang a hymn in their own language. The lady missionaries eaoh delivered a short address. The ladies wore wished by several clergymen, on behalf of those present, God-speed in their new sphere of work, und the hope was expressed that the result of tbeir labour« would be the winning of many souls for Christ. The publio meeting was pieceded by a tea meeting, at which about 30 person« sat down. Tun FMK PUBLIC- LIBBABT.-At the monthly meeting of the trustee« of the Free Publio Library the following «tateir.ent waa submitted te the board :-For September booka were taken out from the lending branch classified as under: Natural Philosophy, Boienoe, and the Art«, 845 ; History, 722; Biography, 722; Geography, Voyages, and Travel«, 1167 ; Jurisprudence, 141 ; Mental and Moral Philosophy, 293 ; Poetry and the Drama, 190; Proee Fiction, 1856; MUcel laneoiu, 1419. Total, 7345. For the period from the lit of January to 30th September, 1893 : Number of ticket« iuued, 4810; total iisuee to country libraries, 114 boxes containing 89S1 volumes ; lending branch, number of visit«, 60,178 ; reference library, number of visit«, 110,462. Total for 9 months, 160,640. VENUS AND A COMET.—The Rev. George Martin writes :—" In observing the planet Venus this (Thursday) evening just after sunset, with a 4in. Grubb equatorial, I was surprised to find a comet in the same telescopic field with the planet. I thought at first that it must be a ghost, or some flaw in the glass ; but on turning the telescope on to the double star Antares, I found things all right and the little companion to the star quite distinct. On re-observing the planet with various powers the comet was a fine object. In relation to the planet the nucleus was south, following, and the tail spread out in a fan-like curve, in part enveloping the planet but in nowise detracting from its brilliancy. For a few moments to the naked eye the planet was involved in a distinct nebulosity, though no clouds were in the sky near the planet." Finn AT ran GLEBE.-At about 7 o'clock yes- terday morning a fire occurred in an unoccupied house in St. John's-terroce, St. John'e-road, Glebe The house is owned by Mrs. Burnt. The alarm was given, and the M.F.B. and the Glebe Volunteer Brigade were toon on the scene. The Hame« were extinguished by mean« of a hand pump. It was discovered that tho fire broke out in a cupboard under the stairs, and the only damage done was the destruction of a portion of the staircase and a part of the flooring on the ground floor. DEATH rsosi BOHNS.-At the Sydney Hospital yesterday moruing a little boy named John Singleton, aged 2 years and 3 mentis, died from the effeote of burnt receivod on the previous day. It appears that the child was playing near the kitohen fire at his parents' resi- dence, No. 5 Vida-tarrace, off Mount- street, Pyrmont, when hil clothes becamo ignited. After the flamee had been extinguished, the child was immediately conveyed to tho Sydney Hospital, where it was found that he was severely burned about tho trunk and extremities. Every effort wu made by the medical officer to save the boy, but the little fellow succumbed yesterday morning. The coroner, to whom a report on the matter was reported, has dispensed with an inquest. DEATH IN GAOL.-An inquest wu held by the City Coroner, Mr. J. 0. Woora, at Cockatoo yes 1 terday morning, on the body of a prisoner in the Biloela Gaol named Henrietta Parkes, alie« Leslie, I alias Firth, alias Sherry. It appears that the deceased, who was sentenced at the Central Police Court, on the 23rd ultimo, to a term ef three months' imprisonment for vagrancy, waa admitted into tho gaol hospital on tho 1st instant suffering I from inflammation of the iungs, and that she died of the complaint on Wednesday night. A verdiot ' of death from natural causes wat returned. StrrroaED INFANTICIDE.-The remains of a | female infant about two weeks old were found yesterday morning floating in Cook's River, Mar- rickville, by William Cards, of Tempe. The body was in a very deooinposod state, and portion of the head had been eaten away by fishes. The dis- coverer of the body gave information to the New- town police, and the remains were conveyed to the South Sydney Morgue. It is supposed to be a case of infantioide. Sergoant Hynes, of New- town, reported the matter to the coroner, who has decided to hold an inquest on the body this morning. ACCIDENT AT WATEBLOO.-Yosterday afternoon a boy named George Hammond, 14 years of age, iving in Cooper-Btroot, Waterloo, had a narrow escape. While playing with some companions near a wood-cutting machine in Greeu't-road, Waterloo, his coat became entangled in the driving shaft, and before the engine could be «topped ho wa« whirled round two or three times. For- tunately ho wa» taken round direct, and thus the only injuries he reoeived were a couple of scalp wounds, tho result of his head knocking against the wall. The lad was taken to the Prince Alfred Hospital to which he was admitted. ROBBERY AT DAHLTNOBCBST.-An impudent robbery was committed on Wednesday evening at the residence of Miss Foley, Ne. 58 Alberta terrace, Darlinghnrst- rosd. It appears that whilst the oeoupunts of the house wore at dinnot someone entered unknown to thom and stole a valuable silver watch having engraved on it the lotters " K. F.," and a knife and fork. The matter has been reported to the police TOSSED BY A COW.-Whilst a ohild, 2 years of age, named Charles Bannister, residing with its parents at No. 13 Darlington-road, Darlington, was playing in the Victoria Pork yesterday after- noon, a cow, which wu being driven through tho reserve, rushed at the ohild and tossed it. The boy, who received a severe wound in the right cheek where the horn had penetrated, was taken to the Prince Alfred Hospital, where he was admitted and the injuries attended to. INJTOED BY A SAW.-On Wednesday evening a man named William Bloomfield, a labourer, re- siding at Rooty Hdl, was admitted into the Parramatta District Hospital suffering from in- juries to his right hand. He was working a oiroulur saw, and, as ho wu passing the last billot through for the day, tho log slewed and jnmbed his hand between the blook and the saw frame. The index- finger was out off at the top joint, and the two middle Angora were crashed i and torn so badly that they had to be amputated, j STATISTICS CONCEEWINO FAREASIATTA.-The fol- lowing are the statistical returns for Parramatta for the quarter ended 30th September, 1893 : Parramatta: Deaths, 101 males, 30female«-total, 131 ; births, 62 males, 42 females-total, 94. Central Cumberland, registered in Parramatta: Deaths, 17 males, 28 females-total, 45; births, 43 males, 40 females-total, 92. Marriages: Parramatta, 14; Central Cumberland, 4. The deaths from Parramatta include those having taken place in the asylum». DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST.-Tho Melbourne Aigut announces the death of an old colonist in the person of Mr. Thomas Turnbull, who died at hit retidenco at MaryviUe-itreet Balaolava, on Saturday, at the age of 87 year«. Mr. Turnbull'» acquaintance with the colonies dated book for a period of 68 years. In 1826 he arrived in Tasmania in oltargo of «took oonsigned to the Van Diemeu's Land Company, and after spending some years in the company's service, and encountering many strange experiences, he leased from the com- pany a station at Circular Head, on the North-west coast. The depression whioh occurred in the early forties brought disaster to Mr. Turnbull, and about 1842 or 1843 ho carne to Port Phillip, and took up a station at Faithful's Crock, near Euroa. Subsequently he purohased the Erna Plains station, on the Brokon River, below Benalla, where he accumulated very considerable property. About the year 1870 he made over hi« station pro- perty to hi« sons, reserving an annuity for himself. After paying a visit to hi« nativo place-Hawiok, in Sootland-Mr. Tarnbull settled down at Bala- olava, where he wu able to enjoy a quiet life and fair health for nearly a quarter of a century before his days eame to a olote. The deceased gentleman took ne part at «tv/ time la publio affair., but wai hospitable and genial toward« those who knew bim. He leaves surviving him one son, Mr. James Turnbull, and a number of grandchildren. THE Railway Commistfoner* have made «pedal arrangement! and concessions for excursionists to view the «oene'ry on the Hawkesbury River. To- morrow, on arrival of the 9 a.m. train from Sydney at Hawkesbury River, the «.«. General Gordon will convey pattengert for a trip of 30 mllee np the river and back. A round trip from Sydney by way of the Hawketbury and Windsor will be made on Monday next. On Wednesday the s.s. General Gordon will return from Windsor, leaving at 10.60 a.m. on arrival of the 9.25 a.m. train from Sydney, landing passen- gers at Hawketbury in time to connect with the 7.27 p.m. train. MB. 0. E. BYBNES. ot George-ttreet, Parra- matta, solicitor, ha» been appointed by the Judge» of the Supreme Court of South Australia aeommit ?ioner of that court for taking affidavit! in New South Wale«. TO-MOBROW afternoon the members of the Engineer!»« ¿«sociation of New South Wale« will pay a visit of inspection to the refrigerating machinery at Metáis. J. H. Geddes and Co.'« wool ?toree, North Syduey. Tra following ii the report of the Benevolent Asylum for the weekended 11th October, 1893: Admitted, 7 women, 5 children ; births, 6 ; death, 1 ; discharged, 11 women, 9 children ; remaining in the home, 74 women, 133 children : total, 207. Pro- vision! dutributed :-2463 loaves bread, 15101b. flour, 10781b. meat, 6961b. sugar, 173J1K toa, 731b. uga, 291b. nee, 621b. oatmeal. There were 9 beth applications for and 5 renewal« of relief, via. :-1 widow having S childi*«, 8 dettitute reen (2 absent from home) having wive« and 20 children, 8 «lok husbands, 1 in hospital, having 5 children, 1 aged woman, and 1 aged man ; total, ii adult». 28 children. Case« reported by the inspector, 63 ; in 34 cam the relief wat discoatraned ; m 7 cue« the money wu disallowed. Total number of euee relieved. 601. 