'mmm Janvier SRouslng Show Cattle. Comfortablo nnd roomy 'c]iinrterB nro os soptjal, i)i ?prepnving cattlo for Bliow. Stall , fde'ding Sb riot tho hoot oyatem for bIiovt [ariiinala. Clean woll-hniro'd bonBto'do no4 ' uau'dlly oomo out of at-nlla. Perfoction in c'on't ia a diffipult point tonttain, but whon it is accomplished it gooa a long' way in favor of tho animal poasoBaing it. It io, indeed, a raro posBOBBion, only a vory fow of the. cattle shown at ovon our national showa iioing perfect in thoir coatn. Ia'ordtnany fattoning for the butoher, stall-fooding ia no doubt aa good as any other plan, but for show purposoa laying on iloah ia not tho only point aimed at — tho Aftor health and bloom of tho animal has to bo considered. It tukos a full year, flomotimoa more, to flk onttlo for the show yard, and to confine tho animals by tho hobd or neolc for that period is not the way to accomplish the doaired ond. Freodoni to movo about, or lid down clean rind com fortable, can only be afforded thorn in.a dty, roomy Ioobg box. Tho suporficiftl nren required from tho oalf to tile agrid bull will range from 50 to 200 foot, ao oOrdingto (bo Amount of out-doqrex'droiae aVAilablo, andin the houso each boast ro qoiroflfrom 650 feet to 80d cubio feel of breathing Bpaoo. Cattle not intondod for brooding purposoB may be very cloBoly oonfined Buporficially for tho period of one lyear without injury to thoir health ; but thoro , are moro brooding animals ruined from want of room or oxorciBo than from' bvor-fo'oding. It is very hard to irrjuroa horaoby high fdeding whtm tho' work, ia HoaVy,' Oi)d:thb aamo law applies to cattle.' Miodoratd oxerciBo at tho 'expense .of ft certain woato 'of food ia good oconqmy. Tomperature is a groat olomenfin oattlo feeding. The natural hent of the .animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo motor in tho barn will indicate the tom poraturo, and. the nearer it averages tho normal Heat of tho animal tho greater the economy of tho food consumed. When . the outside atmosphere varioa from, say, freezing up to 100 dog. Fahr., then thdre is a difficulty in maintaining tho medium. In very oold weather tho hosit of tho byre can bo raiaod by. closed doora and ventila tora, but whon tho temporature is raised by tho constant breathing of tho same air, tho health of the animal is ondangored. All uuder- curronts or draughts should be oxoludod, and in uo caac should tho upper or roof ventilators be ontiroly closed. Im pure air takes an upward course, and tho ventilators, if they are of right construc tion, will both allow tho exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing tho temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days tho doors can be opened, or partly so, as tho thermometer will instruot; and -After that the only memiB of cooling tho air is by rofrigorabion, whioh, of course, would coat too much to admit of its use in cattlo-fooding. The beat that can bo done i8 to havo the byres or ehodB properly ven tilated arid equally froo from draughts, which will allow of alteration when nocos HftVy. An e^oofls of light under cover is to bo avoided in the case of fattening cattlo. Young growing cattlo intended for breed ing purpoaoB cannot vory well have too muoh sun and light, but the rays of the sun aro only valuable to the cattlo-faodqf wh.on the temporatnro of tho atmosphere is low. After tlio surrounding air bocomoa heated the direct rays of the sun can bo diBponeed with. Thoro is, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothing, and firoa, equal to the sunhcat for hoafth giving properties. Wo can pr.nduco a greater hunt than wo dorive from the ami, but in tho moans we employ to attain it tho air is certain to become more or Icbb vitiatod. When wo got light nnd heat from the sun it is pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything we can manufacture. This ia tho rooaon why tho lamb that is roarod in the light of tho aun is ao much hoalthior than tho one raised in house with tho aid of tho Btor Shying Horses are Neiar-Sightect.— ' Why it is that shying in homes aliould b« set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,'.B»id a prominent veterinary surgeon. ' Jt must be because horsemen don't know what clau to lay it to. The fact i3 that it ia toMom met with unless the horse ia near sighted. I. have toted acores of shying horsea for near sighlciiueea, ami in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to give points on buying horses I give this ns one o£ the ieqni9itfcs : Nevor buy u horse that ia near-sighted. There arc, how ever, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go hllad if the other is cleftr-Bighted. I£ the horse is to be imed for riding to Buddie bo careful that he is not near-sighted, for he will throw yo'u sooner or later. 'The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple,' tha surgeon continued. ' Of all^animnls tho horse is the moot gcntlo. and oven' timid. He bocs a strange object, nnd hia susceptible mind magnifies it iiito a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an oltl waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at ouco. It it supposed that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with tho object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is gonorMly understood. Tho animal has not been able to ace it from a distance. He Is n'ear-sigbted. Horsoa and Their Drivers— It has ofton occurred to mo that the utility and age o.f horses are sorioualy affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers, It is but too common a practice, when & horse ia rising a bill, or whon, perhaps, in-the middle of a hill.foradriverto makeasuddon slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden hound in re sponse to tbo unexpected call upon Hb powers, possibly powers that waro at the time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect would result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint, Can wo wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is con tinued day after day the year throughout? Under suBl^circumstanccB, the wonder is that any horse escapes serious injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively value less, and their lives shortenod. With ahorse drawing a load, whether in conveyance, ciirt, or saddle-, any call ftiv greater exertion should bc'mndc what I may oall gradually, that is, the animnl should first be made aware of what iB required from it by tho (voice pre wlinc the whin, and not the whip the voice. Buying Ourios in Ohina.— L«ter ex periuuee taught' ub that the curio man asica about five times as much as lie ia prcpnrcd to accept lor bin wares. Making n choice nnd gotting your man into n proper frame of mind to soo as you do, aa regards bis profit, In telligently occupied about one-half of tho cultured diplomat's time. The ourio chosen, the first thing to do ia to take your man into the house, separating him from his follow! that ha may. not have their moral courage to uphold him. For tbo lot you mnkR your oiler, he disdainfully refuses, ' nud begins briskly packing up. When everything \u nearly stowed away, ho asks, as if there had never been any question of It before, ' How mttoht' You again offer, s,ml with a long drawn 'No,' be anon more unpick* that lio may tempt you. 8eeinK you rennin firm and tak'o no more notice ot him, w.th a tragic air hu doposite tbo things at yovx feet and gives you to understand he has /nMlo you a prusent ot them ; that you are « liardvned sinner j It has cost him his life's blood, but he had no ohoioa. With an I On for the amount and a deep bow he bus gono.and yon find yciur gelt ? collector Ira emfryo y,^ t^t ov,t dlseftM Aral/ clutching Jou, 