FANCIFUL RELIGIONS. The Inhabitants rf Chrlstoburob, New Zealand, are scandalised »t tbe dlsoovery that tbey bave In their mldBt a sect call log themselves tbe ' Students of Trulb,' and sanctioning Irreguiaritlea of condoot which are ao often ibe objective pointer tbe founders of fanolfnl religions bave in nUui tVhan th» Ii-*OdIIap nrrlVM III Chrlatoburoh either by way of Port Lyl tl' tonjor by steamer from tbe euuth, the first thing that Impresaes blm Is tbn «r oblteoeure. It Is a olty of Gothic build ings— Gothic oburcbes, Gothio dwelling*. Thern Is a suggestion of holiness In the very names of tbe streets, wblcb are called after the blsboprlcsof England ami the colonies. You hare tb« leafy avenue* by- the Avon nu oue aide, aud Oxford or Cambridge street oo tbe other. Hetenc doxy of tbe vulgar kind that we gel from tbe Wild West states or America seems asmuoh out of place as tbe serpent In tbe gardeo. Yet tbe devotees in tbe new sect number 2000, and bave built a temple costing £8000. How it It tbat we bave these eruptlona breaking out bere, there and everywhere? A few weeka ago a lady lecturer passed tbrougb Melbourne, talking a great deal nf meaningless Ed fllsb about tbeoaopby, wblob Is then Iglon which Madame Blavateky Intro duoed Into England as a florist introduces a grotesque orchid from Breed or a queer Idea in chrysanthemums from Japan Sbe brought It home from the East, and called It esoteric or secret Buddhism. Tbe mysterious East la a good place iu wblcb to say you bave found something new. It Ib like tbe device of the Infertile novelist, who. when he wishes to work In tbe supernatural, makes one of bie characters find some old manuscript giving receipts for ralBlng tbe devil or fetching ghosts out or the grave. A traveller who bas lately apent some months Id Western Tibet, estraetlug curious facta rrom tbe lamas or priests ol Buddha, testifies tbat tbe term Mabatma 1s utterly unknown to tbem. Profeesor Max MuHer, wbo knowa aa much about tbe languages and biBtory of the East as Professor Kernot does about tbeoretlosl engineering (In otber words, wbo knows everything), writes tbUB In the Con temporary Review for May ' Wben we come to examine what tbeBe depositaries of primeval wisdom, the Mabatmas of Tibet aod of tbe sacred Ganges, are supposed lo have taugbi Madame Blavataky. we find no mysteries ; notbing very new, nothing very old, but simply a medley of well-known though generally misunderstood Brahmanlc or Buddhistic doctrines. Tbere Is nothing tbat caunot be trBoed back to generally accessible Brahmanlc or Buddhistic sources, only everything Is muddled or misunderstood. If I were asked what Madame Btavatsky's Esoteric BaddbUm really Is, I should say It was Buddhism misunderstood, distorted, caricatured. There Is nothing in It beyond what was boown already, chleny from nooastnai are now antiquated. The most ordinary terms are misspelt and misinterpreted.' There are MabAtmae In India (the term signifying 'great--ouled') hut tbey aremeretyladividualascetlos or eccentrics, and many of tbem are notorious im porters — ' I am quite ready to believe (writes Professor Max Muller) tbat Madame Blavatsky and ber friends were taken In by persons whoprt'tended tobeMsbdtmas, though it has never been explained in what langnage even they have com muuicawd their Esoteric Baddblem to tbeir European pupil. Madame Blavatsky j herself was, aocordlng to her own show ing, quite unable to gauge tbelr know ledge or to test their honesty.' And when Professor Mnllerqueetioneda Blavataky follower about themiraclestbat she wrought, orclalmedtobavewroughtbe owned to tbelr being worked op,exouBlng them by saying tbat every new religion required to be eo 'manured.' Yet tbeosopbv, wltb its jargon about tbe blgber life, has round believers, and sends its missionaries luto lands in wblob wealthy converts are likely to be fonnd. Tne doctrine Ib swallowed, because tbe listening people are quite incapable of proving tbe statements they bear, and therefore, to save time, accept tbem as true. To what, tben, may we attribute tbe sporadic rising, flourishing and wbitberlng away of these fanciful religions? Tbs cloalng years of tbe nineteenth century have disappointed the restless by failing to give birth lo a new movement for the benefit of minds that bave sipped a few epoonsfuls of knowledge from tbe Pierian apring. In iha nlri.faRhinnvd creeds tbev seek in vain for an Intoxicating belief and! an eUstic practice. With tbe desire for something intellectual goes tbe wish for a slaokenlug or tbe marriage strings, wblcb, as at present tied, hurt tbe wrists or souls LtaBt would be free. Tbey turn from one denomination bnoause It is too prosaio, too practical, too conventional In mattera of faith and conduct. Another telle Its ministers to deliver Sunday aermouB deducing positive dogmas, from tbe Bible, as if it were a work by EUCLID, and religion entirely a question or argu ing. A third teaches Its adherents bow to electroplate worldliness (of an Inferior standard) witb sanctimonious gueh. A fourth enslaves and keeps its people In tbe condition of children, aod offer* tbem toys and images lo play witb. It Is to be expected, wbere tbere are so many eccentric persona in tbe world, tbat there should be periodical manifesta tions of misdirected emotloo. And each time a burst -up occurs (be first thing yon bear Is that tbe oaBtor bas too tnaoy wives or tbat tbe deaooness haB carried saintly flirliug to extremes.— Australar 8-an ? ? 