CHAPTER XXIII.—(Contixued.) The stewaru came at the summons, ana in •a few minutes Cholly’s eyes were spark ling quite as much as the brimming glass •of Moet he held in his somewhat shaky hands. “ Here’s toour merry meeting, William,” he said. “ And now,” he continued, as soon as he ■had tossed oil’ one tumbler andhad it refilled, "Nowit doesn’t seem half so difficult to make pledges of reformation after you’ve ■quenched your thirst with stuff like that. Well, I am now quite willing to consider your proposal. First, I think you said you were to tell the oaptain and stoo’ards I was on allowance, and that you were the only al lowances Weren’t that it, William?” " That was something like my proposal.” "And I daresay I was to sit by you at "table and you’d kinder fill my glass or pasB the bottle with a wink, eh ?” “ Fes, that would do.” “ Ah ! well, to this last I couldn’t have any kind o’ possible objection. But, Wil liam dear, don’t you forget that boozers has their feelings. I’m not alludin’ to the jumps now, William, tc snakes and such, and bushels of starcy dreams. No, certainly not, but ordinary feelings. They sort of objects to be looked down upon. Now you go and tell that long-faced skipper, or that lantern jawed mate, or the stoo’ards, that I can’t have except what you allows me, and the whole jing-berry biling o’ them would look down upon me as if I was a crockiedile or a bear at the end of a string. No, William, that cock won’t fight.” " I don’t see, Chollv, how else we can arrange it.” “ Hold hard ; there’s many ways. I’m a patient in the doctor’s hunds, we’ll say. Not a bad idea that. Suffering from a little deadly internal complaint; living by rule and all that. This you see, would give me an interest in the ladies’ eyes. And that young un’, dear boy, is pretty enough to make a man throw stones at the parson if she only axed him. Now, William, this is my motion. D'ye second it ?” “ I suppose I must.” “ Bravo! Well, we have now to consider the nature of my ailment. Let us run through the internal organs, figuratively speakin’. Mind, I was meant for the medical profess myself once. So then, we have the spleen, kidneys, liver, heart, lungs and organic nerves. Well, my William, the spleen sounds oross, as you might say, and smacks o’ ill-nature ; as for affections of the kidneys, that would be nearest the truth in my case, for my kidneys are devilled kidneys, andhave been for many a day. But a man wi’ kidney is supposed to be on a fair road to Heaven, and I’m not going there yet. So kidney won’t do. The liver suggests a former use of alcohol—that’s risky and vulgar. But what say you to the nerves of organic life shock to them, don’t ye perceive, in a rail way accident? And throw in a bit of heart. * Sad story,’ you says to that charming girl . ——. Are you listening, William 1 ” ' “ Pardon me, Cholly, I must confess that my. thoughts had gone a wool- gathering just for a moment. ‘A sad story,’ you were saying.” “Yes. Capital Moot, this. ‘Sad story,’ you says to Miss What’s-her-tally. ‘ Sad story connected with that young fellow's life.’ Then the young lady looks interested, and the fat ’un. cocks her ears. *A sad story,’ you repeats, and then you sighB. “ ‘ Is it anything we may hear, Mr—a— Smith?’ says the dowager duchess. “ ‘ Oh, yes,’ you says, ‘only never men tion it even to the Captain. But it only proves, my dear lady,’ you says, ‘that wealth without health doesn’t bring happi “ ‘ Is your friend very wealthy,’ says the duchess. ‘“I don’t believe,’ you says, ‘that he knows himself how rich he is.’ And that is true, William, dear. “ ‘ How interesting !’ says the fat female, ‘ and the young man looks languishing. ’ “ ‘ But about the sad story?' she says. “ ‘ I must be brief,’ you says, ‘ it is too triste'—pretty word—‘ to dwell upon.’ Doing off on her honeymoon. First-class Pullman car all to their two selves. Train ran off the line. Hurled over an embank ment. Took fire at once. Heart-rending scenes. Carriages took fire. His poor bride in the burning debris. ‘ Can't go on,’you says, and you takes out your handkerchief and turns away your head to hide your “ ‘ How terrible 1’ says the dowager -duchess. ! • “ ‘ It’s just too awfully interesting for anything !’ says the young’ un. “ ‘ And my poor friend,’ you adds, ‘has nover quite recovered it.' Mind, you say ‘quite.’ ‘Shook to the organic nervous -system,’ you says, ‘ and concomitant heart .affection. Ok; nothing serious, perhaps. Time,’ says you, ‘will do a deal for my friend. But he has to live by rule for the present.’ ” “Now, William, dear, do you see your -way to work the oracle ?” “ I think I do,” said Frank, with a sigh. “And,” added Cholly, “some time or .other the dowager duchess is sure to ask you if mv wealth—ahem !—be in real estate, and, you’says, ‘O, yes, real estate,' and mind .William, there is no lie about that. Look .here, William.” ' He pulled out his pocket book and dis .played a wealth of documents that were very real indeed. But they were all pawnbrokers’ dupli . . “And now, William, I think we’ve ar ranged this little business to our mutual satisfaction. I’m not going to boast about what I mean to do, William. I’ll have a try at stopping stimulants. If it kills me, why the skipper will have to expend a hammock over me, with a couple of 561b. weights, that’ll be all, bnt 1 won’t blab, e’en on my death- bed. Ah 1 mind you, William, some o’ ns ’ard drinkers aren’t the worst sort, when the burnt crust of alcohol is peeled off our hearts and nerves. I Bnppose it wouldn’t do to have another Moot, would it ? Bad beginning? Well, I daresay you ain’t far out. But here’s a tip for you, William. Get rid of that long face oi yours. Don't oqlc as if you were going to be hung.” “Harrison!” “ I beg a hundred pardons, William. ’Pon honor I didn't refer to future probabilities, -or to - Dash it all, I’m only making a bigger muddle of it. Let ns go on deck. And I’m going to do the big bug for a bit at'first, don’t yon eee. It won’t do to look A3 if I were ready to pop into any clap-net. Millionaires, William, don’t enter into social xelations with everybody they meet on hoard sailing steamers.” ■ The people who had hitherto sat - down to dinner in die saloon of the Mountain Wave, not a very spacious one by any means, were: —the Captain himself, the doctor—a quiet and unassuming young man, hailing from 304) I Now York — MrB Colonel Keighly, her charming' daughter and Frank M’Naughton, known, of course, ae Mr William Smith. A very cosy mess indeed—a very beautiful j amalgamation. Not the ghost of a chance | of such a meal being a silent one. Let me see, Mrs Colonel Koighly, as she dearly loved to be styled, for the reflection of her dead husband’s martial glory in ihis way apneured to be refleoted on her portly person like the after-glow of a summer’s sunset, was fat, fair and forty—maybe more than forty (put this in small type, printer, please): there wasn’t the shadow of a doubt as to the adjeotive “fat,” though she had not a double chin, and though her eyes did not stick out, still she was as broad in beam as a Dutch lugger, and her nose was rendered almost diminutive owing to its being placed between her two cheeks—the only place for it, I grant. She was fair—fair in hair, golden, in fact, except at the Beams, where the eighth of an inch of black hair gave an unmistakable proof of dye, and fair in com plexion with a fairness that could have been blown off with a tiny pair of bellows. But she talked very prettily and laughed very prettily, and had a pretty way of using her knife or her fork or her fan, and a pretty way of flirting with rings and bracelets and great gold chains. Still, I am sorry to say that musical though her voice was, she did occasionally “ come a cropper,” to use racing slang, over her Bindley Murray. Captain Ben Boniface not only liked to hear himself talk, but other people also, es pecially, as it would appear, Mrs Colonel Keighly. The skipper was not an old man, he was not in his dotage, but he was fifty, and therefore in his anecdotage. And the stories he told, and the stores she told, were —well, they were worth listening to. Parodying Burns, we might say— “ They told wi’ vim their queerest stories, The doctor's laugh was ready chorus.” This was really all the doctor seemed fit for. Clever he might have been, but shy I’m sure he was, and if ever he by chance said a spicey thing, and the others laughed, why, he colored up to the roots of his dark hair and asked the steward to pass the potatoes or some other equally ridiculous order. Frank and Tilda had a good deal in common; they both loved Browning, they both loved Burns, they criticised Longfellow and Lowell, and never hesitated to speak their mind most freely about Tennyson and Swinbourne. They talked low together, as a rule, at table, and on deok were often to be seen arm inarm, studying the beauties of nature in the sparkling sea or the sky. Into this little coterie Cholly Harrison descended like a meteor into the sea, making a terrible commotion for the time being, and leaving circles and ripples that did not sub side for some time. To tell the truth, Cholly had no wish that the ripples should subside. He belonged to that olass of individuals who dearly love to create a sensation and who cannot live without a certain amount of excitement of which they are the centres, and, which, if they do^ not find in society they will fish for, even in a gin Bhop. But tms man, for the present at all events, found himself in a somewhat exalted position, which was pleasant enough for its very novelty. Lona before the second dinner-bell rang, thanks to Frank who, had not the grief which lay at his heart been so real, would have looked upon the matter as a very good joke or farce. Both the ladieB, aB well as the doctor and skipper, were in possession of fictitious history—if that isn’t an Irish paradox—and felt that they were in the presence of a very wealthy man, perhaps, great Sir Walter! a millionaire. 