S2S3S -S©1'M1JBT S&BJWYa; Mr. Oopeland, we oeo, in his contribution to ?/hafc may be called the political symposium just now such a feature in the daily pveso, eounta amongst the damage done by tha vote of Thursday laat the destruction of this oeesion.' I'i that wore all the damages it would be, as the chance was at any time, little enough, but aa the hon. gentleman has never been, to our thinking, in the least serious ia regard to this matter, there is no reason why he should not have hifj little joke now at the expense of the country party, when the whole oeo« eion aeemo likely to ba reaolved into one huge joke at the expense, unfortunately, of the country itself. But i£ Mr. Copeland ac Miniates? for Lando Is not likely to be able to do anything in the way o£ land srosform this cession;, or perhaps any other, what iq the country party itoel£ doingp ov rathei? whab io the N. S. W. Farmera ? and Set tlers' Aoaoeiation doing which it in oupponed in Dome measure to rapranent, and which in its formation in July last at the Cooler mundra conference undertook to do so much ? Well, there has been neither time noi? opportunity for either to do very great things. Land legislation, like every ofchei1, has been blocked by useleeo talk, and if it had not been we may safely say it would have been difficult, if not impossible, to get anything worth having ia that line from the present Parliament. The Minister's mea° sure was pretty well pulled to pieeeo by the conference itself, and for that or nomei other reason was heard no more of, while the country party in the House had neither the strength nor the wita in fch© general conflict oi: intereata to make itself felt. Mr. Gormly lifted up hie voice now and again in vain inquiry aa to what was to be done about the Central leases, and Mr. Chanter h?c in equally futile denunciation of the iniquity o£ special areas, but for the rest, till the party mustered in forca the other day on a deputation to the Minister fchora was little to show that these fcwo hon. gentlemen did not pretty well make up tho country party between them. The fcimo ia cIobg at hand when the H', S. ~W, Farmora and Settlers' Aesociation should net itself in hard earnest to remedy at any i-ate that dofect. This is an organization or amal» gamation of all the oeveral Farmere' and Selectoro' ''(Jnionc in tho country, but it jo in vain that it organises, in vain that they amalgamate, if not with the fli'st object of securing at the nezt olec= tion able and ample representation in Par liament. Thic ought to be the present paramount purpose of tho Association, aa it certainly io of what may be called the oppo sition dhow, the Pastoi-alioto' Union. The pastoralistu have their men picked already, and 71/ ill fight every country electorate where they have a ghost of a chance with a pluck and determination wo.vfchy of a boStei1 cause. If an much can not be said for the farmers and set tlers, it is high time that; it should, or they may again find their mtei'OGto in Ptii'linmont, ao we oaid the other week, in the helploso hands of a hopeless minority. Now fchero is no reason why that minority should not be converted at the coming electionB into a majority/ or at any rate why the country party in the next House should not be a , political power in itself instead of, aa we fear must be rsaid of the country party in the present one, very much a synonym for political contempt. But this can only be done by thorough organization amongst the several country unions for that eEpreoa objoe-j. They should listen to none of fcho common q1qc« tion crieo, still leao to any oi the eommoa election candidatsc, oJ: whom there will no doubt bo any number, hub cliooca theic own of oacb, and let tho one ba the proper ooti/loment o£ the land quoation and tha otheL1 the maa uho boot understand it. Hoe can it ba naid tha'j fchia would bo c hgkow icoue, os 'iha-'ii i'Qpveaontativerj 1:0 ehocan would bo zaero E'epreasntativoa o2 a elaoo. it io tha irjauG xo? fchirj country feaarjeaiidiiig all othoraj, asici fchoL'Q io no ekDO ia aom© degraa nofc daponding on fhho land quection, ofchoi'wioo QV0L:y Hiaa?a queofcion. Such a eonnfey parfcy would indeed be in every conoQ tilie pai'fcy foy tiho country, and ouch a country pr/rfcy in the next Paffliament we coandeatly hops to dqq. 