aatw and ffctirtus. [SOW FIEST PUBLISHED.] UNDER THEGREAT SEAL, AKOVEL, BY JOSEPH HATTOX. Author of ' Qycie,' *4 By Order of the Czar,' 'John Xeedluin'fi Doable,' 'Cruel Lou don,' &c; [»rr. RIGHTS RESERVED.] Chapter XIX. — The Mtstebies of Wilderness Creek. Apart from the natural dangers of that part of the coast which was dominated by Demon's Bock, mariners bad other reasons for giving the waters of Wilderness Creek a vide berth. Grim and forbidding as are the thousand miles of the Atlantic coast of Labrador, the region which included Nas qoappe and Wilderness Creek was a con centration of its horrors. During countless ages the frosts and storms of winter, like untiring sculptors, hare been earring the rocks into fantastic shapes, nowhere more strange and weird than where they guard the navigable current that Keith had discovered. Bonut on the. winds from riiwi f»^n of Kas quappe, the Creek, and Demon's Bock, sailors off Labrador heard in the air, and on the top* about the masts, * great clamour of voices, confused and mixed such as you may bear from a crowd at a fair or in a market place ; whereupon, they knew that the Island of Demons was not far away. In the old charts it is marked with devils rampant, having horns and tails. The sailors of those days had woeful privileges that do not belong to their ?nccesson. They Imi hm^ the firing Dntch man hfting round Cape Horn. They h*d seen the phantom ship of the Cornish wrecker in cloudy sqnalls trr^^g over sea and land ; the Scotch 'Meggie of the Shore,' with her visions of spectral boats that were doomed ; and 'TheSpictre^hlp of Satan, vitfa the dead men m her Sailing ?beer above toe water in the loonnug muring cVmdc** They had seen the demons of the storm, the mermaid with her comb and class, the sea serpent with bis fiery eyes ; they had spoken dead men's ghosts. With the legends of the Labrador coast they mixed stories that were half the troth and romance. Wbittier, the American poet, tells of a phantom °^'p which mariners a bnndred years ago would swear to. The young captain of the schooner visited the KAbrador coast, where in a secluded bay lived two beautiful sisters with their Catholic mother — both fell in lore with the handsome ?kipper who, however, was devoted to the younger of the two. She was shut up in her room by the mother just at the moment when she had arranged to meet her lover and fly with him. Her elder sister profiting liy her Absence went in her place and was carried oat to sea in the skipper's vessel. On laming the deception that had been practised upon him he returned to find his sweetheart dead, and no more in life was seen of the skipper or bis ship. ' But eren yet at Seren Jde Bay U told tbe chaatlv tale Of a vetnl unspoken suL She flita before no earthlv blast. With the red arn fluttering from her mast, The ghott of tbe Schooner Breeze. A noted legend of the adjacent Belle Isle was told in fo'castle yp-ras in the days of which I am speaking ; how Boberval had pat on shore from his fleet the lady Marguerite, niece of rhe then Viceroy of New France, and her lover, whose conduct had scandalised him doting the voyage out from home. He selected for their punishment the Island of Demons. Here the unhappy pair were attacked bj the Sends, The sailors coold tell you how many of them there were &q-1; the particular form of their horns and tails, and the horrid grin of their fiery jaws ; and they could tell you of the whiteness and parity of the band of saints that came to the aid of the penitent lovers. Bat even these heaven-sent messengers could not save the father nor the child ; both died within a few days, leaving the Lady Marguerite alone in the terrible wilderness. One day the smoke of a fire attracted some ifubermen on a bright calm day ; tney ventured to land on the haunted iffTfnd and there they found the unhappy woman, and rescued her after she had lived *mong the nVp^T of Demon'd Isle for upwards of two years. These stories and many etOl more startling mysteries of the deep and its haunted coasts, the sailors of tbe sea knew by heart. Bat tfcer knew nothing of the realities of Wilder vest Creek. The fishermen who in the brief soasef months carried off the harvests of the Labrador coast, had not the remotest idea of temptiajc the demons of Nasquappe or the adjacent isSands by a trip beyond the boun daries of their fish-stakes and landing -st^ces. For years and f£ars, with the first sign of autumn, the nshennen from France and Italy from America and Vbe West of England, had sailed borne with their scaly treasures, some to be caught by hostile cruisers, eome to go to the bottom perhaps, the larger proportion fortunately to find welcoming hands at -ancient jetties and in picturesque seaports. When the St. Dennis, dashing into the ^broken waters that were white with foam one -moment, black the next with the shadows of .forbidding rocks, had in the bands ot her ?daring pilot sailed into Wilderness Creek and found rest in the still, calm harbour, it was Jound that one of their company was ''t^thc He had either remained on board the Avenger nrith tbe Frenchmen or hid been drowned. Keith concluded that he had not met the latter fate, seeing that he must have been born to be hanged. This person was no other than Lester Bentz, whose life had been spared at the intercession of Precdie that lie might be made the drudge and butt of the ship. There was more vengeance .in keeping him alive under such circumstances, Preedie argued, than in giving bim the quiet rest of the grave: and so Bentz had been spared, bat only for what he conceived to be a living death, seeing that every day he expected Keith to cut him down or have him evnng to the yard arm as he had seen the Rear- Admiral ot the fishing fleet swing above the fire. When, therefore, the opportunity came for a change of masters, Bentz bid himself in the hold of Ristaek's unfortunate ship, and presently marie ft fends with the 3Iossoos, wbo were taken in tow by the three-decker, Su George, and carried to HMifrv*-. The St. George had given up her chase of Keith and his prize only when the chase led to shoals and rocks that 'were more dangerous than batteries of guns or the boarding pikes of overwhelming numbers. She lay-to off Labrador tlie uext day, and the weather having moderated, sent a boat of search for bodies or other signs of wreck and disaster. The officer returned, having nothing to rep jrt beyond the well-known inaccesabtlity of the coast, and the dangers that threatened even the best managed boat in the currents that swirl about the jotting rocks and crags that are as foot-hills to the frowning promontories that lift their stormy heads to tbe skies. When the Anne of Dartmouth made for Wilderness Creek after her emancipation from the command of Bistack, Bentz. by order of Preedie, had been confined to tbe hold, where he bad remained until the ship was once more out at sea ; but he bad heard sufficient in the nn-lisgnued talk of tbe crew to enable him to give valuable information to the English Admiral ; bat bis lordship only regarded the revelations of Bentz as to an inland lake and a Jralrg ^nnm»| thereto pass ing through the broken and booming waters of the danger-marked coast as a sailor's yarn ; and no attempt was made to test the truth of his romantic story. Beotz being missed, Keith at once had the entrance to Wilderness Creek barred with chains ; and a similar precaution was taken in regard to the exit of the Larboar. This accomplished he and his crew settled down to rest and for mutual counsel and recreation. The season was unusually mfl-L As a rule the eaovf lies over Xortliern Labrador from September until June. In this year of Keith's exploits September had come in mfld and genial, with lovely autumn tints ashore and only moderate gales at sea. The wind that had filled the sails of the St_ Dennis was almost tbe first gale of the autumn. It had been succeeded by a spell of fair weather. The season was indeed so unusually mild that it enabled them to explore the surrounding country, and in that garden of berries which Keith had discovered in his first wanderings about the coast, they boflt a log house and cleared the land around it for cultivation. It was only the work af a week to make the place habitable ; and here Keith and Preedie, and Xicol and Sco', and occasionally others of rhe crew, came t? drink their grog and smoke and quaff the Frenchman's vine as they talked over their plans for the future. The days went by ples-sintlv' enough, and knowing the history of their recent exploits it might have surprised any looker-on to see bow easily the men amused themselves, to hear the genial songs they EungT and to listen to their yarns and stories of adventure. There was one old fellow- of whose tales Keith never tired. He had been mate to a pirate I captain with headquarters at Salem. Ko one ' in the quaint old town pretended to suspect his chief and owner, who lived in a many gabled house overlooking the bay, and with a garden full of vegetables *nd flowers. The pirate had a wife, a shrew with her tongue ' and a cat with her claws ; and when the ship ' put into Salem she would have the crew go j up to the bouse to dig and weed ; ' and it ' would have done your heart good, sir, to have seen that worthy old dame in command. By I the lord, sir, we were more afeared of her angry eye than all the hard words the captain j gave us. We d ug and slaved At that garden ! like any niggers ; every time we came ashore ! there was a neu* piece of land to bring nnder j cultivation ; they says a pirate's heartless and ! free, bat give him a female skipper on shore j and see what she can make of tbe toughest of ; It was a standing joke with Keith to mimic j the Salem dame and order the crew to dip, j even though they had no fapades to tame the : wilderness, and he was as pleased as a child : when the carpenter brought along half a f dozen home-made spades and half & dozen of ' the crew went to work with them. j This 'idle waste of time,' as Donald XIcol j called it, w»s not, however, allowed to inter- ' fere with tbe taking of every precaotion for I the full and complete protection of die ship, j Although it was not likely that they would ] have to meet any attack from tbe land, Keith - had hnts built for sentinels commanding the ! outlet from Demon's Rock ; and a post of \ observation was constructed on the eastern \ side of the harbour, where tbe sea-birds bad ' for centuries played tbe part of flying fiends ? and demon?, in the superstitions and fictitious . history of tbe coast of Labrador. Belle Ide, I and tbe adjacent sea-s:apes of rock and water, ! of sand and fchin'He, and frowning liiH«t and \ fearsome valleys. * 