SYDNEY EAST DISTRICT. The Ministerial Session commenced* in the Botany Street Schoolroom on Tuesday r morning, November Wtb^at 10 o'clook. The following members were present : — The Revs. G. Lane (Chairman), J. 8. Annf.in. dr. 'Rrnum. T).T)._ H. flnllnra. TVT- J. Clifton, J. Phillips, F. Duesbury, J. A- ? Nolan, C. Stead, W. H. Rogers, F. Firth, R. Allen, J. Gardiner, J. Spence, R. W. Orton, C. Jones, G. Martin, A. Holliday, W. F. Oakes, R. Caldwell, G. H. Cowles, J. W. Dowson, W. E. Bourne, 0. J. McCoy, H. W. T. Pincombe, K. A. Corner, G. C. Percival, and J. Watson. The temporary absence of the Rev. A. Parsons waB ac counted for on the ground of pressing oir cult duties. After devotional exercises, the hours of session were fixed, and officers as follows were appointed :— rSeoretary, Rev. W. H. Rogers ; Assistant Secretary, Rev. F. Dues bury ; Secretary for Sunday School Rer turns, Rev. A. Holliday ; ' for General Returns, Rev. J. S. Austin ; Property Secretary, Rev. 0. J. McCoy; Reporters, Rev. F. Firth, G. H. Cowles, and G. 0. Percival. Resolutions of sympathy with the Revs. J. W. Dowson and J. Clifton in the severe family bereavements which they had lately sustained, were unanimously passed. ' The Rev. J. Phillips, who has been a supernumerary this year, intimated his desire to re-enter upon active work, and it was resolved to recommend the re-appoint-, ment of Mr. Phillips next year. It was' reluctantly resolved to recommend the Conference to sustain the request of the Rev.. G. Martin to bo continued as a supernumerary for iano'ther year. .Pleasure was felt that the examination into ministerial oharaoter and efficiency was .satisfactory in every case. In connection with business relating to the training of our Theological Students, the Rev. G. Martin presented a very satis factory verbal report of the progress of the students at present at Newington College. The students manifested muoh diligence, and were kepi employed to the full extent ' their powers. ; j Under the heading of 'Probationers,' re ports upon the studies and preaching of the Rev. J. Watson, a young Missionary recently employed in New Guinea, were presented. It was resolved that, provided the subsequent theological examination be satisfactory, the Conference be recom mended to advance this young brother another year. A discussion took place respecting the custody of Registers of Baptisms and Marriages, when it was resolved to recom mend that all such records throughout the colony previous to the year I860 be placed in charge of the Custodian of Deeds, who shall also be Custodian of Church Records. It was further resolved to recommend that the Conference direct that the Registers of Marriages be carefully kept in each circuit, and that the books be retained as a circuit record. It was unanimously resolved to recom mend the Conference to rocommend to the General Conference the appointment of the Rev. G. Brown, D.D., as General Secretary for ^Foreign Missions for another term. It was noted that several of the ministers of this District would be due for removal next year. Invitations to brethren were noted, and passed on to the Stationing Committee. During the session the following resolu tion relating to the late Rev. 'William Moore was unanimously passed 'That this District Meeting in its Ministerial Session would place on record the great loss sustained by the Wesleyan Church, and the Church of Christ in general, by the death of the Rev. William . Moore. The eminent services he rendered n the Mission Field for the long period of twenty years ; his loyalty to the cause of missions after his return from the field, and his faithful services in several circuits n this colony, together with 'his influence as a Godly and devoted servant of Christ, will cause his name to be long remembered. We also tender to Mrs. Moore and her family our sincere sympathy ~in'_this the time of their, great sorrow, and pray that he consolations of the Gospel may abound unto them.' Financial Session.' .' (Wednesday— 2nd Day.) r The following laymen took their seats, in conjunction with the ministers: — Messrs. O. E. Newman, R. S. Callaghan, S. Howard, 0'. N. Taylor, E. Jessep, N. Brack, E. Barry, R. Watkins, J. Vickery,' J. Meicalf, R. Johnstone, A. Willard, J. S. Bennett, R. H. Everingham, P. S. Slade, T. R. Eldridge, W. H. SoameB, T, Corkhill, J. W. Cousins, W. J. Wiseman, H. Arm strong,' S. E. Lees, arid G. Thompson. ' The Revs. J. Monahan and A. Parsons were also present. It was ascertained that in . nearly every instance the Connexiorial properties in this District are insured. ' Enquiries into obligations to the Loan Fund elicited the fact; that the total amount owing by this District for this year is £*2121 lis Id, as against £2415 19s 6d last year; and that arrears through obliga tions riot being met amount this year to £275 lis 9d, as against £403 15s lOd last year. In some circuits commendable efforts have been made to repay the amounts loaned. It' was decided to recommend the re newal of permission toi the Cleveland St. Circuit to sell the present parsonage, and to the Paddingtori Circuit to sell the small church in Cameron St. It was also de cided to recommend that the Rockdale Circuit have permission to lease 90 ft. of land; and that the Newtown Circuit be allowed to lease land in Liverston St.* Tempe Park, subject to the approval of the Executive Committee. The following grants from the Church Sustentation and Extension Fund were recommended: — For Circuit deficiencies: Mt. Lachlan, £54 5s 3d, together with a special grant of £40; . Randwick, £98; Manly, £45, special grant, £32 10s ; XJlla dulla, £70. For Parsonages : Rockdale, £155 ; Randwiok, £125 ; Cleveland St., £175; William St., £100; Kiama, £115; Jamberoo, £75 ; Berry, £87 ; Milton, £60. For Churches: Bondi, £60; Alexandria, £25 ; Waverley, £500 ; West Botany, £25 ; Mt. Keira, £15; Kiama (School Hall), £25. The Rev. C. Stead was elected repre sentative to the Stationing Committee and Conference ; and the Rev. J. A. Nolan and Messrs. S. E. Lees and R. S- Callaghan were elected to attend the Distribution Commiteee in the same capacity. The following recommendations of the Executive Committee were recommended to the Conference: — That the Conference appoint substitute representatives to the Distribution Committee in cases where the representatives elected by the District Meetings cannot attend ; that the maximum grant for furniture be £75; that the ex penses of inter- Confer ential exchanges be charged to the General Conference Fund ; that the maximum term for the. repayment of loans be extended to 20 years ; that all buildings on which loans are applied for must be insured to the full amount pos sible ; that the repayment of loans on parsonages be a charge on the Quarterly Meetings, unless otherwise provided for ; that grants may be made on buildings other than those built of brick or stone; that in dependent circuits no overdrafts for the Circuit Fund shall be arranged for without the sanction of the Quarterly Meeting; that such overdrafts shall not exceed £100 and £50, respectively, for circuits where married and unmarried ministers were respectively appointed, and that the amount of grant in all cases shall go towards the reduction of 1 overdrafts. The Rev. Dr. Sellors presented a financial report of the Home Mission Stations, which was deemed highly satisfactory. The contributions to the Church Sustenta tion and. Extension Fund for this District for the year ending March 31st, 1893, were reported at £564 15s lOd. . METHODIST UNION. :*'!.? An Evening Session was devoted to the discussion of the important question of Methodist Union. The reports from the Quarterly Meetings were presented, and after careful and lengthened discussion, the following resolution was submitted as an amendment upon the resolution of last Conference, and carried by a majority of 32 to 4 :— ' That this meeting, believing that the time for effecting an Organic Union of the various Methodist Churches in Aus tralasia is not opportune, by reason of the lack of any strong desire for such union on the part of the people of the churches con cerned, and the grave difficulties surround ing the, subject, would nevertheless recom-: mend to the Conference the creation of a Methodist Federal Council, the business of which would be : — (1.) To foster a fraternal spirit among the Churches. (2.) To. pro mote a periodical interchange of pulpits, and the holding of united meetings. (3.) To prevent overlapping of interests and injurious denominational competition, and' generally to work up to a Union which would be satisfactory and permanent.' On ? this ? being . put as a substantial motion, the voting was 33 in favour, none against. . ; Thursday— 3rd Day. , . It was resolved to recommend, that in view of the many and increasing demands upon the time and energies of. the General Secretary of Missions, the attention of the Conference be directed to this subject. The contributions from the Circuits in this Dis trict for this year for Foreign Missions were found to be £593 10s Id. The Statistical Returns showed the fol lowing results : — Sunday-school returns : Schools, 42 ; teachers and officers, 658 ; soholars, 6787 ; scholars who are members of the Church, 175 ; volumes in school Kbraries, 14,937 ; average number of readers, 2186 ; Bands of Hope, 19 ; Band of Hope Members, ,2636.' General returns : Churches, 46 ; sittings, 11,909 ; other preaching places, 31 ; number of persons these will accommodate, 2120; sohool buildings, 18; parsonages, 15; ministers, 28 ; local preachers, 63 ; class leaders, 73 ; church members, 1,704 ; on trial for mem bership, 158 ; communicants, 219 ; cate chumens, 434; public schools visited for religious instruction, 11 ; attendants on public worship, 15,261. Upon these being presented, a lengthy and profitable conver sation took place on the work of God, and the following resolution was eventually arrived at : — ' The Statistical Returns having been laid before the District Meet ing and carefully considered, we resolve that, while acknowledging that the progress of our Church in the District has not been equal to all our hopes, yet we reoord, with deep gratitude to God, the signs of His saving power in many circuits, and His blessing upon the agencies of our Church. We hereby consecrate ourselves afresh to His services, determined to seek for a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost and a more perfect fitness for the solemn work committed to us.' An interesting conversation also took place on the subject of the Christian Endeavour movement, and a resolution was unanimously passed .recommending the official recognition by the Conference of the Christian Endeavour Society, branches of which are already established in many of our circuits, and that the returns of these with their memberships be in future returned upon our schedules of statistics. On the property report being presented it was' found that the original cost of the church property in this district was £111,193 Is. 8d; ; enlargements and repairs effected during the year amounted to £1071 9s. 2d. The total debts in this district amount to £33,003 10s. lid., being £984 10s. lid. less than that existing last year. It was decided to recommend the omission of the item giving the present estimated value of church property from the property schedule, and that in future care be taken to insure church fittings and instruments and furniture along with the buildings, these to be specially mentioned in the policies, and that records of all insurances be kept in the circuits. It was decided to recommend the Con ference to recommend the General Con ference to alter the time of holding the Annual Conferences; with a view to their being held as near the beginning of February in each year as possible. The following resolution,in regard to the C/S. and E. Society, was unanimously passed That this Financial District Meeting, having considered the statement made by the Rev .: Dr. Sellors in regard to his work, and tothe income of the Society for the year past, records its gratitude that notwithstanding the very trying times, the income from the voluntary subscriptions is nearly equal to that of former years. The meeting also expresses its gratification at the success of the Home Missions, as shown by the report of the General Secretary.' A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the President of the Conference (the Rev. $1 E. Moulton) for his official' sermon be fore the two Sydney Districts on Tuesday , evening last, Hearty votes of thanks were also passed to the various District Meeting Officers, and to the friends who have, kindly entertained the members of the Meeting. ? A short Ministerial Session was held on Friday morning, when the Liverpool minutes were read, and the sittings termi nated for the year. 