YIELB)URIVNE ,-GOSIP. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Sept. 13. The first volume of Mr. Stead's latest journalistic venture, Borderland, is creating a stir, and already a number of gentlemen are forming a Physical Research Society in Melbourne, on the lines of the parent society in London. The. "study of spooks" will be the first business which the society will take up, and it is not anticipated that there will be any difficulty in quickly enrolling a number of citizens who will eagerly enter into the investigation. The majority of people scoff at the statements made by spiritists, but the fact undoubtedly remains that very strange things do take place at seances, and are vouched for by persons of unimpeachable character. "People who argue against the authenticity of ghosts, on the ground that they violate the known laws of matter, reason on the assumption that there are no ideas of matter which they do not know, or in other words, that there are no more discoveries to be made in the domain of the invisible." " These are 'the en couraging, words with which a leading journal greets the new society in Mel bourne, whose ,rembers will enter upon their investigations into the mystic in the frame of mind which Isaac Newton was in when he said-" To myself I seem to have been as a child playing on the sea shore, while the immense ocean ofirtuth lay unexplored before me." Before DMr. Stead launched Borderland he issued a prospectus of the journal to every eminent man in England, and asked for an expression of opinion on the project. Most of the replies were of a discouraging character. One professor wrote-" I am inclined to think that the publica tion of your Borderland, however well intentioned, may tend to increase the population of our lunatic asylums"; and a Roman Catholic Bishop expressed himself in this way-" The intelligence you speak of (automatic writing) is no other than the Devil, and if you con tinue such unlawful intercourse with the unseen, you will necessarily be mnisled-to your ruin by the enemy of God, the murderer of. souls, and the liar from the beginning." Lord Cran brook, an old veteran in his 80th year, sent the following touching reply to Mr. Stead-" The questions . mooted have not occupied my serious attention and as I am on the border, I must. wait for the crossing to learn." \+ * * The latest testimony in support of the belief that the spirits of the dead do visit this earth, is furnished in con nection with the death of Admiral Tryon. At Lady Tryon's party, given on the evening of the fatal collision between the Victoria and the Camper down, a well-known lady saw the figure of the Admiral on the staircase. She was greatly surprised, and coming across a friend told her what she had seen, adding, 'I must go and tell Lady Tryon what a pleasant surprise she has given us all, and I. must find Sir George to speak to him.' Upon this the secbrdd lady said, ' Do not say any thing to Lady Tryon. I saw Sir George here, and I spoke to her, and sihe seemed amazed. She' said, " It was all nonsense, as Sir George was with his ship." The testimony of Mr. L. ;Mf. Shoo bridge, the well-known Tasmanian orchardist, who returned from Englaind last week, having gone home chiefly to inquire into the prospects of the fruit export trade, is of much interest just now. Speaking, with reference to his own colony, Mr Shoobridge, says "our only chance is with apples, but I fancy that in Victoria you will eventually find your best trade in grapes-and I should be slow to acknowledge failure in making test shipments, for I believe they can be carried all right. There is a very large market for apples if they. could be sold retail at 3d or 3sd per tb, but with 4s 6d freight on a 40 lb case, and the cost of pickir.g, packing, cases, and=general charges bringing it from 7s to 7s 6d, we cannot afford to expand. As the retail price for fruit in Londun is about 50 per cent more than the wholesale price, you will be able to judge what chance we have of a large trade with present charges. "In the West End they can; afford to pay fancy prices in small lots, but the demand there is soon met, and if you send apples to the Northern towns especially they must be cheap. To take a fruit broker's list as a guide to future planting would be altogether misleading, as the small parcels in variably bring the best prices. Thuis, if you put a shipment of 10 cases of scarlet Permains and 1,000 cases of Ithjmers, the former will bring the best prices, but if thIe bulk were reversed the prices would be reversed too. The favorite apple in British trade, is a hard fleshed sappy apple, of slightly acid flavor; but though they like a highly coloured apple as a rule, there is no constancy in this particular presence, and last year yellow apples, such as Newtown Pippins were fetching better prices than the Permains. As soon as an apple gets common there is a desire for a change. Provided an apple fills the requirement with regard to firmness and flavor, the name is not a matter of consequence, but unless new sorts are in small lots, there is a dislike to ex periment with them. Weshallbc able, I think to save in one or two details, but the two big considerations are haling to sell so frr below the retail price for a big trade and the heavy freights. I told English fruit brokers that in a little time Australia would be able to supply them with all the apples they can sell, and they all say that when it co:nes to putting 50,000 cases a week on the market the rates must come down." With reference to shipping rates, Mr. Shoobridge says, " The Companies hold out very little hope of couing down much. They get 80s per ton--space is all taken by measurement-for thle carriage of rneat, and if we want to displace meat, which is a handy cargo, we must pay 90s per ton. The only hope I can see at present is that the colonies may come together and couple the mail contracts with a regular fresh food service, in which a large space will be guaranteed at minimum rates, as suggested by the last postal conference. If we are to get any reasonable share of the British markets, we must work together. I h:ave felt ashamed when I heard Englishmen laughing over the ides of the Australian c~lonies building up tariffs against each other. They thought it childish and ridiculous. The sooner we have intercolonial free trade the better for our now we are a lauglinjtg s"t rk To many people the exprti fruit front the Australia n pr England appears very tourl lio ing coals to Ne wcastlea : other day the follo'i e' , 3 question was put to m ye li y t in the city--" Ho is it tl le exported fronll ustrl:. il United Kingdom at rla't a paying freight, illsuri , dock" other dues, and silo vi.,* deterioration, when wloar I orchards of choice varieti es i, cannot bh sold at a profit in the last few years the orn had to cut down full bearit t turn the ground into ptaurel T answer to- the first partf the is that our apples arrive in after the home season close" . aL sequently there is a demiid fruit; but [ cannot exilain th cutting down of full.bearin? England. If my qu-stio;er i in his -statement, then the r appears a cvery puzzling one if the fact that C-u*,da exp-rt quantities of apples to rEih, the seasons of the two coUjtil the same. Australian apples ,n arrive in England in a sound ci while the English fruit peserer i the past season, must, uindt most advantageous circumjt,ce,r to withered to some extent, and th, fore not equal to the Australian ari 