Cuttings from the "Sydney Bulletin." A true love-story P Tes. A (rue love story ? Perhaps. Squatter Q., of N.Q., say say, drank himself to. death in the heat of summer. The nearest township was 30 miles away. 1h: widow ana the overseer travelled thither in a bnggyand pair, with a light waggonette ea> ry- Ing the blanketed corpse in tow. ... . They reached the township some time that nihgt . . . The widdy bad needed and bad got comfort. The overseer married her the week afterwards. She had money, and he is now the squatter. # Abdul Wader an Afghan hawker, has just paid off the debt of £360 on the Mahomedan 'mosque in Adelaide, to preserve it from the paws of an importunate Christian creditor. Of the sixteen and a-half million acres of alienated land in Yicotna, W. J. Clarke owns some 178,000 acres. About a hundred other men own from 10,000 to 100,000 acres each . In future, S. A. Judges are to get a fixed allowance .when on circuit. Hitherto they have been paid what they spent, however much or ' little. It was generally much. £ If the British creditors carry out their threats then there will be more exciting timis iu Mel- . bonrne where, for nearly sixteen months past, Victorian politics have consisted entirely in a frantic 'struggle to decide whether Matthew \- Pavies.should or should not be allowed a chance to "demonstrate bis innocence." Meanwhile, so far as the creditors . are concerned, the Federal Bank seems to Tie panning out, if possible, a little worse than the Mercantile. : i; ' 7 .. Barbwire, Jr., had just returned to old Barb- . wire's station (N.S. Wales), after a stay in Europe. Old Barbwire suggested that his hoy might treat the shearers to a lecture on his foreign travels. Agreed. To ensure a sym- \- pathetic audience, Old Barbwire served ont a stiff nobbier of rum all round. The ton orated. He was ajstammcring. gu rgle-in-the-slot rok ano of " Aws" and Ahs." The audience stood it 4S11 4 Via Vmcf Kpnrf flf Til m AXllffod to thC cntienlar surfaces. . . . " Haw ! When I aw— was— ah on the Continong — aw !" "Oh 1 (blubber) tbe Continong ? Give us some more (sanctified) rnm," mumbled a bass voice, vib rant with angry emotions. On a N.Q. wharf some 14 or 15 Kanaka women may he seen daily cracking blue-metal for road-work, &c.; A white man stands over \- tiirm as nigger .driver. The gifted Miss London Tihes Shaw was not privileged to see this. # - # If Matthew D.iviee had the courage of an astral mouse he'd " chuck" his cower'd pals in (the Assembly and volnntorily prosecute himself. .He'd get off, and might reconstruct some of his SO odd companies on toe prestige. Captain Jorgenson, thc adveniuroas Scan- dinavian who journed from England to Australia in the lifeboat invented by himself, and who afterwards went farming, is now a first mate in Hnddait, Parker and Co.'s service. A man who lately attempted to hang himself becanse he suffered from excruciating toothache . but was restored to sanity and health in Sydney Hospital, has received a billet which should keep him qpmfortably for life. The billet is the billet is the -outcome of the attention his case : excitied when in hospital. This gives a clue to tbe reasoning of those jurists who maintain . that; attempts at suicide should be severely ; punished. The jury which awarded one M'Ewan <£750 damages against a co-respondent in a Sydney court last week, added a rider to the effect that the court should settle £500 of the sum on M'Ewan's child. Unless some rule be laid down defining the relative hurt to father and child in such cases, husbands will never know what value to put on their loss of peace. If the habit continue unchecked, it is quite pro- . bable that when a woman gets damages tor breach of promise a thoughtful jury will recommend the court to impiund three-quarters of the amount to be divided equally among her \- children by subsequent marriage. Typical alycr-boom story : — Two Barrier shareholders some years ago divided spoil to the extent of £70,000. One of the pair now pro bably possesses far short of 35,000 pence ; the other, his £35,000 likewise fled, died this month on the Murchison (W.A.) of typhoid. # , On the night of the glorious 15th August, when Patten, P.M., refused to issne a summons, Matthew Davies and Millidge showed up, large as life, in the dress-circle at Mclb. Princess'. They were there "on the bluff," apparently and they looked like a pair of protected bankers " who had dined well and cracked a bottle to the Law's health. It set one thiukingof the night four years ago, when Davies hired a grand tier box at the Opera House in honour of J. L Dow. Dow had been made a defendant in the Premier Building Society case, and Matthew, anxious to express his disapproval of prosecutions, occupied a commanding position in tbe box with Dow at his right hand. Fat man trotted around saying, " Yon see what Sir Mattliew thinks of this shameful persecution of the leading citizen. # One of the big Sydney pnbs. has begun to sell half-pints of beer at l|d. Some years ago a-Fitzroy (Melb.) publican sold colonial'' at Id. a glass, acquired a widespread fame, and did an enormous trade. # . Even Deeming wasn't original. Something like 12 years ago a selector, reputed to be a violent a cantankerous oid man, and hisscmi- idiotic son lived together in a hut near Benalla , (Vic.). The son disapp ared unaccountably about the latter part of 1891, and tbe but was burned down short 'y .after wards. Then the old man: withered up and died in the Benevolent Asylum. Later on a report want abroad that a spectre used to hang about ilic site of the old ' hut, but when anyone came that way it would ;; rush "through him and disappear down the road without offering «ny reliable cine to its identity. Next, an adjacent inhabitant dreamt that if he ' dug among the ashes of the burned hoasc he would find a skeleton, and this dream agitated -him for two- years till at last, a few days ago, 'he went there with. sundry friends and supporters, and from beneath the fireplace they disinterred a stack of bones, presumably those of the idiotic son who vanished 12 years ago. The remains are now being examined by various experts, and in case they should prove to be thp debris of mutton-chops it is best to drop the story just h;re. Of the funny man at a recent New England (N.S. Wales) wake, the sorrowing widow re marked, "Yerrah he kep us a-splittin' our soides wid latHn' all noigbt, what wid his comical shtories an1 fun. Oi n<<ver enjic-d mesilf so much in all me loife, And then that nnny man went consistently home in the dawn and — dropped dead. What a wake he got, " to be coorse !" # # ' ' A Biverina (N.SW.) station clergy. The ' child of a married stockman is dead and the Bolemn funeral is being impressively conducted by the boss. Suddenly it is discovered that no ropes have been provided for lowering the coffin into its bush hole. "Bun to the store,. Mister Dolam, and fetch down a piece of small rope off the coil. Storekeeper Dolnm starts off at a ran but isjsnddenl? checked in his gallop by—" Hi ! Dolnm 1 Don't cnt it too short ; make it long enough to do for reins after we've fixed this 3b" » # Sydney D.T. declares that tbe Broken Hill Strike-leaders and the busted-bank artists are in orison "for branches of tbe same offence." Wanted, a democratic daily paper. # Sydney was horrified when Gov. Duff made bis first official visit to Rand wick in a cab. # E one northern man's overdraft is said to be e £400,000, and one politicians close on ? £1,000,000. , The two professors who came out from Eng land to introduce the "mallet trick" to the mpgs have "given it best,-' and gone on to 'Change as outside brokers. # The Svdney brick-iiug has badly overreached itself- The big Sydney Market buildings con- tract has fallen into the hands of a Melbourne firm, which will ship the bricks from Victoria. # , Says the Australian Trading World " We cannot call to mind a case in wbiih the recon- strnction of a bank that had once closed its doors has been successful. For a bank that has once faileil. reconstruction seems to us to be as . impracticable as to reconstruct an egg that has once fallen to the ground. » Lyons, before he left Adelaide, prophesied to ,4Kb Writer Jbat he. would make some big scores jit Lords. So far he has redeemed his pledge. i witness 143. against M.C.C. and Ground, and 83 against the same club on JnneS. Jack says they come down in thousands to see him ' put "em on the pavillion roof." By the way, the finest innings Lyons ever played in England was his 99 against All England st Lords iu 1890. & ' Before leaving Melbourne each member of the Australian Eleven signed an agreement to the effect that if incapacited by liis own act from taking part in any match he should forfeit £50 of his share of the prize money. At Colombo, a team was picked, Jiut one member thereof found the wiles of the native barmaid too strong and was lost to tiie sight of his companions for a day and a half. In the Mediterranean he also " performed" at the bar iu great style. The Premier Permanent Building Soeiety has now been liquidating abont 'three years, at enormous expense, and there is no dividend or hint of a dividend to this day. Isn't it about time a raffle or something were held, and these 150 or so gaudy suburban cottages at Elstern- wick, built chiefly of sand and broken brickbats disposed of as prizes ? A lot of the Premier's assets consist of shoddy cottages, and while it is liquidating they are all disintegrating into waste bricks. About a year ago a West Coast (M.L.) town used to be haunted by a hard-looking digger who came in at short intervals to indulge iu a drunk that was simply awful in its intensity. It was notoriously a poor, hungry region for the solitary digger : almost the only gold ob tained there was by sundry big sluicing com panies, and the lonesome pick-and-shovel artist seldom made enough to have two respectable orgies per annum. Yet this particular " hat ter" us-id to have.a tear about once a fortnight; he paid for it in gold, too, but where his reef was located no one could discover, lie was reticent when sober, and a cast-iron sphinx when drunk. But he had one friend — the editor of the local paper — and one day. to the astonishment of that -impecunious pressman, he came to his office with a proposition. He llad found a rich reef which, he asserted, was both largo and apparently permanent, an 1 if ti e p iper man could get up a com; any to buy it ..a _ I J - f. « 1.1 l._Mv lv1£ 4-1. iti- :i otg ngure cuuiu ii«tve hoii nic jjionis. The editor closEd the bargain there and then, and, in addition, he fell on the neck of that hard case and wept fears of joy. Then it was agreed that lias soon as the miner had .finished his present orgy they should go out together and see the find. It was.10.30 a.m. when the bargain was struck, and at 3.45 p.m. the same day the digger deliberately blew his head a distance of CO yards with a plug of . dynamite, and took his golden secret with him to another and brighter world. No one lias ever found the reef since. The editor toils on in his dingy office, and thinks dismally of his lost fortune, and now and then, on moonlight nights, lie goes ou to the cemetery, with a faint ; hope that the unquiet ghost of his partner may rise from the dead and ttU him where the plant is located. But no ghost eyer rises. 