IJTESATTOTBE, A Worldly-wise Philosopher. ' Any man of common understanding,' wrote Lord Chesterfield once to his son, ' may by proper culture, care, attention, and labour make himself whatever be pleases, except a poet,' and in those remarkable Letters of bis he seta about _ tplKng1 all whom it may concern how the thine is to be done. They present a curious study of the mind of a modern philosopher, who was at tne same time a polished courtier and a thorough — perhaps too thorough — man of the -world. Me was as much a pagan as Seneca, and as epiprraminatic an aphorist as Roehe foucault. His letters are the embodi ment of the cvnical spirit of the highly veneered age isi which he lived, Horace Walpole speaks of them somewhere as a code of laws in which the folly and worthlessness of the age are reduced to a system. For a general title, he said, there should be written scrosB the back of the col lection the words, 'The whole duty of man adapted to the meanest capacities.' He was a model man of the world, inasmuch as he used all men and all circumstances as they arose for his own purposes, and, it may be added, all women also. He prided him self on his own want of candour and direct ness, and on his skill in getting at what was in the minds of others. We get a pen portrait of the man in his owa words. ' The suaviier in modo was my Law and my Prophets,' he writes in one p'ace, adding that 'the height of ambition is to have volto seiolto and pmsxeri strctti — that is, a frank, open, and ingenuous exterior, with a prudent and reserved interior.' He claimrd to have owed any enccess he achieved in the world to a passionate desire of pleasing univtraally ; and one of his favourite maxims was, ' To please is almost to prevail.' It might be unjust to say that ho would never elect to take the straight way to an object if a crooked way offered itself to gain the same end, but in advising his boh how to deal with his man he made no hesita tion about saying, ' When you cannot get at him through the great ones, try the serpentine ones, and you will arrive at last.' Such was the man who crystallised his experience, his wit, and his craft for the benefit of his son in these letters which Horace TValpole characterised again as 'a system of education to poison youth from their nursery.' We all know what Dr. Johnson thought of the morals and manners they aimed at inculcating, though it should be remembered that the lexico grapher was suffering from a sense of personal slight. Yet even Johnson saw fit to modify his criticisms, and he seems to have embodied the judgment of posterity on this book, roughly epeskiug, when he wrote, ' Take out the immorality, and it should be put into the hands of every young gentleman, for it would teach elegance of manners and easiness of behaviour.' 'The undiluted sovereign of wit and fashion,' goine one has called Lord Chesterfield, and Voltaire praised him as a writer for his gracefulness, in which quality, he paid, perhaps no Englishman surpassed him. The two remarks embody a high double compliment ; but nine-tenths of the readers who open his book nowadays are more interested in his Tight to the first half of it than to the justi fication for the last. Nor have they far to look to come at the evidences of what they seek. 'Happy the man who, with a certain fund of parts and knowledge, gets acquainted with the world early enough to make it his bubble,' he says, 'at an age when moF.t people are the bubbles of the world !' He goes on to moralise that this is the coiHmon case of youth ; and it was because he saw that they ordinarily grow wiser when it is too late, and, ashamed and vexed at having been bubbles so long, too often turn knaves at last, that he aimed at giving the lesson and results of his own experience in these letters to his 6oa. The Earl was one of those many people who have at various periods of the world's history indulged RudiblerogrttitbattLe experience and acquirements of one generation cannot be successively trans mitted to tbe next without the necessity for each generation beginning the pro cess of tutelage over again. No doubt the progress of the species would be quicker were s (his the case, but as the inexorable laws of nature had otherwise willed it, he did his best to remedy the omission so far as his own experiences and his own eon were concerned. There is a pearl of wisdom, for instance — which we would like to believe to have been the direct result of personal experiment — in his counsel regarding civility. 'This was a key to favour in which he believed greatly, but he saw that circumstances might sometimes prove unfavourable. The reflection only made his advice more emphatic. 'Remem- ber,' ho tells bia son, 'there are but two precedes in the world for a gentleman and a man of parts ; either extreme politeness, or knocking 'down.' The latter treatment was hu prescription if a man notoriously or designedly affronted or insulted him ; ' but if he only injures yon,' ho added, with suave wiliness, ' your best revenge is to be extremely civil to ?»'- in your outward behaviour, though at the same time you counterwork him, and return him the compliment, perhaps with interest.' It is only just to say that a glimmering suspicion of the meanness of this Beems to have dawned on the mind of the noble lord &s; he wrote, for we presently find him de fending it. 'This is not perfidy or dis simulation,' he goes on to Bay, but he is good enough to admit he thinks it would be so if the hopeful subject of this advice were at the game time to make professions of esteem and friendship to this antagonist. 'All acts of civility are, by common consent, understood to be no more than a conformity to custom for the con veniency of society,' was his dictum, and he recorded his impression at the same time that only women and little minds pout and epar for the entertainment of the company. In the matter of ^ fine manners and fine-dreas the old Earl's advice * was equally happy and to the point. Clothes, he thought, like manners, should be well made and worn easiiy,-i-*f for a man is only the less genteel for a fine coat if in wearing it he shows a regard for it, and is not as easy in . it as if it were a plain one/' Nobody knew better than he the importance of dress, and we find him advising his son in one place that to be well dressed was of more importance than all the Greek he knew would be for 30 years.* He was above all things anxious that his eon should make his entry on the stage of life in a creditable manner, and in such a way that his future would not be '.. compromised by his first steps. Hence he was con '? tiauallrurgingopon him tlienecesiitj of a combina tion of boldness with apparent modesty. 'A man who sets out in the world with real timidity and diffidence has not an equal chance in it,' is one of his characteristic utterances. ' He -will be dis couraged, put by, or trampled upon. Bnt to succeed, a man, especially a young one, shonld have inward fircones*, steadiness, and intrepidity ; with exterior moderty and seeming diffidence.' No one would dispute the justice of this, but as the counsellor goes on we are rather forcibly reminded of the kind of advice an aged ape might be likely to give to its hopeful progeny under the same impossible circumstances. 'He should have an apparent frankness and openness,' eays this pleasing old gentleman, ' but with inward caution and closeness.' But there was qnito as much of the results of shrewd observation in some of the Earl's remarks on character, without the arid cynicism of this one, as for example, when we find him cautioning his pupil against care lessness in tacitly allowing himself or bis pretensions to be undervalued. He tells him how he has known people ' slattern away their character ' in this way, the consequence of which was that such persons gradually became innocently contemptible. ' Their merit ban been denied,' he Bays, ' their pretensions unregarded, and all their views defeated.' Perhaps the key to Lord Chesterfield's own character and disposition was his utter and absolute belief in the art of pleasing. He seems to have regard^ it as the first of the art-», differing from most others in tbfc, that, whereas they require long study and application lo acquire, this most useful ficcomplishment of all demands only the desire. When acquired it is worth, he thought, all other learning and knowledge put together. ' The latter can never raise you high without the former,' he informed' his son, .''but the former may carry you, as it has car-' ricd thousands, a great way ?without the hitter,' and in another place wo find him writing : 'I can assure you that what little figure I have made in tbo world ha* been much moro owing to that passionate desire I hr.d of pleasinjr univer sally than to any intrinsic merit or sound know ledge I might ever have been master of.' Yet in his endeavours in this direction, as in all others, he aimed at doing what he did artistically. Ho had nothing but contempt for tbe cox comb, as he called him, who is sure that he shall always please, wherever he goes ; and even that ettaviter -in modo which he so much believed in, we find him writing on another cc«u-ion, would by itself degenerate and sink into a mean, timid complaisance and passive neps, if not supported and dignified by the fortitier in re. Had the noble Earl confined himself to counsels such as these, the good and practical in them might have been left to correct the evil, and Dr. Jolmson's later remark would have been borne out. But his cynical advice concerning religion and morals has a .corrupticg tendency,, not the less baneful because it accompanies eo much unimpeachable worldly wisdom. His real opinions on these two subjects may be summarised in one of hifi own sentences. 'Putting moral virtues at the highest, and .religion at *he lowest,' he says, ' religion must . etill be allowed to be a collateral seenrity, at least, .to virtue ; and every prudent man will sooner trust to two securities than to one.'- As it happened, circumstances did not allow Chesterfield to test . the results of his system by the practical observa tion in which he so much delighted, for the eon who was the object of all this advice and solicitude died in comparatively early man hood, and this fact, coupled with what we know of tbe -M. Earl's closing years, forms a pathetic com mentary on what we know of his aspirations and general character. For some years before his death we see him in another guise to that in which he presents himself hi these Utters, and one is apt to forget the worldly-wise philosopher in the world-weary old man. ' We have but a bad bar gain, God. knows, of this life,' we find him writing once, 'and patience is the only ? way not to make bad worse.' Deaf and rheumatic at the last, we have a wor? -picture of the broken old man wandering about his fine hou^e and grounds at Blackheath, 'the ghost of his former self, walking there in silence and soli tude as becomes a ghost.' Life came to weigh ' heavily on his hands. ' I read my eyes out every day that I may not hang myself,' we find him writing, and this scene of his closing years is as decently pathetic in its own way as can well be imagined. After making all allowances for the worldly wisdom of what he has left us, perhaps, after all, Carlyle was not far from expressing the general sentiment when he wrote, after reading the letters at the age of 20, 'This Lord's direc tions concerning washing the face and paring the nails are, indeed, very praiseworthy ; but the flattery, the dissimulation, and paltry cunning that he is perpetually recommending leave one little room to regret that Chesterfield was not his father.' ? . P. J. D. 