THE MYSTERY u or THE TOWER. z, t -- ~ tl A TALE OF THHILLING INTEREST, r . R-HELEN CORWIN PIERCE, Aithoires of "Lovely Nell," "A Battle for a SLove," ' Doubly Doomed," "ALittle Siren,' " Barada's Fate," "Lasea the Beautiful," Two Fortunes," "Strangely Severed, &c.; d CHAPTER XVIII. A COWARDLY THREAT. Jasper Prince looked as though he was i going to strike Sibyl, but perhaps he was 1 too nearly beside himself with fury to know exactly what he was about. Sibyl, after the first involuntary recoil, stood still. Her heart was beating fast and fierce; the small, proud head was well 'Ip; the beautiful, darn eyes defied him. Jasper was recalled himself. His Sclenched hand dropped He smoothedhia ruffled ad distorted countenance as well as he was able. the are a.... aing, hWbesaeid.is the so~t, caress .. "Monster;' she retorted, with icy con temps. -How much money are you going to give him P" Paler than he already was, Jasper could not well get; but the look of fear and rage came back to his face, though he kept it little better under control. He knew now that what he had feared first was true. She had been listening; and he remembered noticing, as he came out, that the. inner door of the short passage was open. How much had she heard? was the questieh. What had he and Varle said? He tried to recall the conversation. •' We said enough, if she heard it all, to give the whole business away," he thought, with an unspoken curse on his own stupid ity. \- In his excitement and consternation, he turned and went back toward the tower door almost without knowing it. " Whatever is to be done, must be done quickly now," he said, without being con scieus that he had spoken. :"'Prison life had given him a dangerous habit of thinking aloud at times. Sibyl could not see his face, but the strange words, some queer, chilly change in his voice as he uttered them, sent an icy creeping thrill over her. She realised vaguely that something dreadful was about to happen. _Whsat'; as it? What did he mean by saying "'At any cost?" What was he going to give that horrible doctor money for ?. All at once it buret upon her. In a flash she knew what it all meant. It meant-murder ! And the victim was to be Kenrick ! A scream rose to her lips, but did not pass them. Her heart was throbbing frightfully, and cruel shudders shook her from h alto fort. If she c uld only get to that door-if she cbuld only keep this wretch from going through it. .But her limbs quaked under her; her tdongue seemed jaralysed. * Then all at once that helplessness of i8orror seemed to lift. Somehow she got between the impostor andthe tower door. ;Just at this moment a servant appeared at the farther end of the torrid r, with a card in his hand, and an air, of being in search.of some one. \- ethurried toward them. Jasper turned idiind. - - .. A'?geitleman in the library to see you,. Mr Prince," the man said, extending the card. ,,. Jasper took it, and without glancing at the name said, carelessly: , Very well; I'll be down in a moment." Then he turned again to Sibyl. " Come, darling, let me take you to your room," he said, for the servant to hear. But the look in his eyes was not for the man to see. Sibyl stood still, deathly pale, waiting. He went toward her. " Come," he said again, his voice mild, his looks threatening. .Sibyl's eyes i?et his. It was like steel meeting steel ," You had better go and see what the gentleman in the library wants of you," she said, in white defiance. -"Delays are dangerous sometimes." Jasper glanced hurriedly at the name in scribed on the card he held. and started as though lightning had struck him. He called sharply to the retreating servant, and: went toward him in such ex citement that he did not notice that Sibyl followed him noiselessly, gliding again behind the. window, draperies where she had been at first concealed; -"-iis window was so situated that, as she hoped, she was able to hear what Jasper said to the servant. "I don't,want to see this gentleman," he said to the man. in a low voice. "In fact,I won't see him. At the same time, Ido not wish to insult him by a refusal. You understand, William? Just tell him I am not at home, willyou P Aid tellhim ad he will believe it." William promised to do his best, and went off grinning. Sibyl clasped her hands. " If I could only see that man in the library. Oh, I must! It is some one he dare not meet. I saw terror in his wicked face-deadly terror." Jasper Prince turned to look for Sibyl. She was nowhere to be seen, but Belle had just come out of the tower while he was talking with William, and stood there watching him curiously, noting with some wonder his pale and excited looks. He saw her. He knewr that for many reasons it was absolutely necessary that he should conciliate her. As he went toward her, he shot stealthy 1 He went to Belle and put hia arm around her. She, fresh from that dreadfuluta.., view with Doctor Varle, with Jasper's own brutal words still echoing in her ears, shuddered at the caressing gesture and drew back and away from him with whiten ing lips. Well, what is it now P" she demanded, angrily, lifting her gleaming eyes to his face. " It's the devil and all. sure," he whis pe'ed, with-his lips to her ear. "Captain Dunning's here." " I don't believe it." "He is." showing her the card in his hand.' "He'is down in the library. Of course he asked for Kenrick, and it is Ken rick'he wantn to see, but he would like to see me a lot better. I told William'to tell him I was not at home. He can'thavegot onto the racket, do you think? He can't be here looking for me ?" Belle had taken the card fromhim. She ze atiat iwith a gloomy expression, with ouit speaking. msCdoi to -my' mother's room' "Jasper said. sIWe.can't'talk here. ' -. Belle wentlwith.hlm, mechanically. She was thrilled to thesouln at the thought that her father, whom she loved, though she had behaved so badly to him, was so near. Ab, how she longed to go tU him, and with her arms about his neck, cry out her heart ache on his breast, as she used to when she wasa child.. -B cothoht cutild not be. -'Midim Ruel was not in her apartments. ."9Where can she be ?" Jasper exclaimed rritably, after looking all through the suites. ::He was' a good deal frightened. -Itwaa his nature to get all he could out of others. and his mother was the only one who .mcould help him much in this present stinit. Would she? That was the question. :1 CaOptain Durnming's strange and in opportune presence here just at this time concernmed at all the man known 'as Rick hoqeri o2 "'P~ ". ' " Halsey, it would take some pretty tall lying to force him off the scent. Woulls Mladam Ruel be equal to it . "He may have heard something: about I Belle being here," he mused. " The very thought of him in the hbooe makes my blood cold," he said, aloud, to Belle, "but of course the probability is that he wants to see Ken rick about something that don't concern me at all." " Why not face the music then, and go anl see what he wants ?" Belle suggested, coolly. "You are Kenrick." " I " Jasper exclaimed, with still lips. " I wonder if you don't think I'm fool enough to do it?" Belle shrugged her graceful shoulders. " I know quite well that you have not the nerte todo it. If you had, you could You look more like Kenrick Prince than you do like Rick Halsey now, since your beard and hair have grown. If you can make these people here, who knew your brother so well. believe that you are he, I should not think it woull be so very hard to cheat one poor old man like John Dunning." I could not cheat him into believing I am any one but Halsey, and you know it. WVhat is the use of talking that way 7" "How would.," ..-n' tev n'my I uu sad see him ?t',Belle asked, coolly. " You ?" Jasper sneered. " Perhaps you sent for him to come." " Yes? Well, I have a mind to go and sask him to take me away with him. I am ?.Sut tired ot this." ý.. yo.. a...vo ,O md to go and tell him I am here-i, Rick Halsey, whom he would give his two eyes to get behind his bolts and bars again 1" " Perhaps." Jasper did not know what to think. He began to be afraid she meant it. He went and put his arms round her, and drew her to him. Belle submitted to the embrace passively that was all. Jasper kissed her. " Don't you love me any more, Belle 1" " I think I should like togo and stay with my father-poor old man. I believe I will go and ask him to take me away with him." She said it to frighten him. She had not the slightest intention of going. He was frightened. He thought shemeant ti betray him. "I don't know what makes you hate me r so all at once," he said. " Don't you think I had better go with my father ? It would be a much essier way of getting rid of me than to have to hire some one to shoot, drown or poison me, as they do s old dogs or horses when they want them out of the way." " "What do you mean by that?" he asked, e eyeing her suspiciously. "I don't mean t, a get rid of you," he added, with a sullen air. "I don't know what you want to go on that way for. It looks agood deal more asthough you wanted to get rid of me. You know y very well that if your father were to see you, e he would know I was here, too." " Oh," and a queer, mirthless laugh broke over the beautiful lips. The door behind Jasper opened suddenly, and Madam Rueel came into the roosm. SShe looked uneasily ftom one face to the other. " WVho is it in the library ." she asked her son. "I heard William tell some one d you were not at home. You told him to say so, I suppose?" " Is he there yet ?" Jasper asked, with a e look of fair. "Yes. I was coming up stairs and T heard him say to William th it he wou'd r w it awhile, as bhe wished to see you on im portant business. Why don't you godown ? It is a stranger, I am sure I shou'd hive r icognised his voice if it were anyone I know." " No stranger to him or me," Be!le said, briefly. ."Tie man is Captain Dunning." a stdam tual understood. She turned dea:dly pale. " Mother," said Jasper, "you will have to go ' and see if you can find out whatlhe wants. It is not very likely it is anything e *bout me, unless by some unchk he shousd have got wind of the relationship. I don't see how it can be anything about me ;but of course I can't face him. He would know mu at once " Madam put her hand to her side. r I don't see how I can," she said, des pairingly. "It seems to me that I could e never go through with it." Jasper made a movement of impatience. "Some one has to go through with it," he said-" some one of us three. Can Belle rI do it?" " Why need any of us see him? He 1 thinks you are out, and he will tire of wait ing, perhaps, and go away." e `Yes, to come back, if his business is so important as he says, and catch me when e I am not looking for him," said Jasper. "I tell you some one must see him and find out what is up. Thatis the onlysafe way. s You had better go and see if he has tracked me here, and get up some story to send him off again. You know," he ' added, voice and look hardening, a 1 threatening light coming into his black n eyes, ' what I said I should do if the worst ° came ?" Poor Madam Ruel turned upon him a e gaze of imploring and agonised question tog. "g The--thu worst," she murmured, faintly. "I-I don't think I remember, n asper." CHAPTER XIX. THE?,IHAN IN THE LIBRARY. Belle went and put an arm around I madam. "You shan't go one step unless you choose," she said,; decisively. "I'll go s myself first." "e 1)b, come now," sneered Jasper. "Let us all quarrel about who shall goand have it all out with old Dunning. If I have to go, there will be only one way in which I can prove I am not the man he is certain to, insist I am-that is, to show him Doctor Varle's patient in the tower." A cry of horror broke from Madam Beel's lips. "Coward I" exclaimed relle, bitterly. "I have had his head shaved and his beard taken off," Jasper went on, defiantly. "and he looks a good deal more like Rick "Olvc om e 'smTor'aa'modtciniepulosy;sa, Iwill go and see what I can do." \- "m"'a while, Sibyl, in her concealment,had Swatched eaoerly the meeting between the Simpostor and tle so-called Lucy Venner,and drew her own conclusions. Jasper spoke too low for her to catch more than a word or two of what passed, but she saw and heard enough to strengthen her con 5viction that there was a mystery about the man in the library, ani she resolved to see him. Quickly summoning Prudence Garr to take her place in watching the tower door, she went herself to the library. As she entered the room, ' gentleman rose ' and bowed to her. \- lie was not a young man. His hair wans o quite grey anl he wore a heavy grey beor I. II iut he was still hanldsome and rathb.r dis. t tinguishbed-looki'ig." though he had the 't sanldest eyes Sibyl thought she had ever seen. . S She motionedhim to be seated, and asked: "Are you wiiting for any one ?" "Ii came to see \Ir Kenrick Prince," he r answered, gravely. "The servant tells me hbe Is not at home, but as my businese is im portint, T thought I would wait a little, on it the chance of his coming in." e Sibyl hesitated a moment, and said: SI am Mrs IKenrick Prince. Perhaps it is h something I can serve you in." S"Possibly. My name is Donning," be an i swered, presenting her with his card. "I am warden of the penitentiary at Ryde. One of the prisoners escaped a few weeks ago. and we are still searching for him. His nsme is R ick Halsey. This note, signed Kenrilck s. Prince. was found in the prison only yester day. Wi 1 you tell me if that is your hus. y band's writing? Readit please." to Sibyl was trembling like a leaf as she took g the note. ' nRIEND RICK," she read : "Thi money ,- is roleady for you whenever you are ready for ie the money. . . . KENBIC PIscG".' That w?s all. Few words.' no date, no iad' dress, and the ink l'soked faded, the paper worn and yellow, as though the note had been written a?good lwhile. ' " "Yes, it is my husband's writing," she said, in low, faltering tones` scarcely able: to. articulate the words, so great was her ex citementand agitation.. . Captain Dunning compressed his. lips a, little. ;' must see Mr Prince," he said, sternly. ' Can you tell me when he' is likely to re turn T" Sibyl caught her breath sharply. She was deadly pale. " [ cannot," she said, gaspingly.: "I don't even know where he is I--" She struggled a moment with her emotion and burst into tears. The door opened and Madam Rual en tered. Captai" Dunning rose and bowed, as he had at Sibyl's entrance, much impressed by the beautiful and imposing-looking woman. Madam moved .orward with regal step and haughty carriage. Sht had nerved herself for the ordeal, and the sight of her wronged son's brave andtovely-Young-wie' eors'in-conrence with'the -enemy-he evidently agitated, she in tears instead of weakening her resolution, strung her nerves to still stronger tension. What had they been saying to each other? What had Sibyl toldhim ? Well, ther?' a onlyone courso teopu?o. \ "" Sibyl, many hild," she said, with oppres sive gentleness, " you have been exciting yourself again. That is very wrong. I think you had better retire." Sibyl understood the significance of the softly spoken words. Her tears dried instantly. The dark, graceful head was lifted. She looked at Madam with calm, defiant eyes. " Thanks," she said. " 1 trefer to re-. main. This gentleman has just.been ex plaining to me some business he has with my husband. He wishes very.muich.to see Kenrick. Perhaps you can tell him where to find him." t Madam felt a chilly thrill run through her. " My son,"ishe said, looking at Dnnning. " I am very sorry. He has just been called away by telegram to see a sick friend at a distance." "Indeed ?" Captain Dunning returned. S" I understood from the servant that he had only gone out for a little and might be a back at any moment. I got that impres. t sion at any rate " " The man did not know. MIy son went. , away in great haste," Madam said, pleas asultly Sibyl stood dumb and bewildered with amazement at the ready lie. " Is your business important ?" Madam v asked. "To m,-very," Captain Dunning said, and explained. e . Madam's white hands clenched in the folds of her silken robe. Her blood seemed to freeze in her veins. But what horrible chance had that e terrible letter fallen into Captain Dun ning's hands ?' . d inut she was able to suppress all out e ward token of her terrors. Y She took the poor, faded and soiled scrap of writing in her hands, and not a a line of her calm, handsome face told of the struggle within; not a quiver of the pale, T marble-like features hinted how:, the mother's aching breast was wrung and lacerated at sight of those ".characters penned by the unhappy son she had so [ wronged. More passionate than ever in .his life before it seemed to her, she loved him now, in this hour when she was wronging him so bitterly. d "This does look like my son's writing a little." she said, quite calmly, " but I don:t e think it is, and I never heari him mention e any one by the name of.Dick-Dickwhbat d did you say the name was ?" " Rick Halsey." . . "Alh, yes. No," thoughtfully,," I; am it sure I never heard of such a perEon." " Might he not have kaiin ýRHfalsey without your ever hearing of him ?'' Cap. tain Donning questioned, mildly.'; ':I& feel at any rate as though it is my duty, to spe d him. Can you give me the address 'of -the friend who telegraphed'for hiinrP" "The telegram was :from Columbus, Ohio, and the namie was Saville," Madam n 'said,-blandly./ "And the street and number? They e must have been'on the telegram." Madam made a despairing gesture. " I don't know anything about it. Ken o rick has the telegram with him." n Captain Dunning glanced at Sibyl. It is very odd, he thought, that the mother knows where he has gone and the . wife does not. * Sibyl was gazing at Madam Euel with 0 an expression of wonder and scorn that e amazed him. She spoke at last in:; slow, S'clear, contemptuous tones: .:... k Your son, Madam, may:have received a t elegram and gone to Columbus, as. you say. MIy husband-Kenrick. Prince-has a not" .' " Madam just glanced at her:i1:.:S?had expected some such outburst as this'allthe , time. ' " No?" she said mildly and kindly and' looking significantly at CaptainDiunning, just touched .her .forehead with one jewelledliand. Captain Dunning undertood: 'His coun= tenance changed: He looked 'distressed and shocked.. " So that is the meaning of it all" he o thought. "This lovely girl, with a .face lice a flower, 'and: sich sweet; trui eyes, is insane.:: Who would have dreamed'itP".' t Sibyl read his thought, and smiled-lhalf sadly. half in scorn.: . :.?,.. .. ,.., ,. " CaptainhDunning." she said; fixingher' clear, steady eyes 'upon. him;- "do I lbbook r like an insane woman '" : ?My dear Sibyl !" interposed madam, in softest tones. " Madam Ruel," said Sibyl, triing upon her;, "if I am insane, why do you not send me to an insane asylum ~ 'Yoi dare not attemptit. . You .'dare not allow any Sspecialist in mental diseases to see me. ".Good .. heavens!" thought madam; d ¶What will she say next P" e She looked at Captain Dunninig, arching d her eyebrows, and smiling deprecatingly, as imuh- as to say S "Don't mind her. She don't know.what Sshe ios saying, poor child!" . ".. i... Sibyl was thinking . fast. -Thoe bare e thought crbssed her that the imipostor emight be Rick Halsey, but it was too stunning a conclusion to be accepted at the Sfirst glance. : ; . ' . . i Could' thereohave beedn' 'any It'lei'i P she wondered.'.. Of course not. Could the iinpostor oven have left"the house P :'She' did iothbelieve it'. She had heard'hin 6say toDBelle, '' i " Come to my mother's room." " Iaim almnost certain he is there now,.: Sshe thought. "Oh, if I couldonly contrive to have this gentleman see him!" SCaptain Dunning looked embarrassed.' . He.rose from his,chair, muttering some thing about going. "Ohli, if you only would I" thought madam. : " Shall you go to Columbus ?" she asked him. " I think so-yes. Perhaps I can finid athe namo Saville in the directory. I am? so very anxious to see Mr. Prince. He may knqw something important about this man Halsey." Madam tRuel shuddered inwardly 1 Sibyl, slightly inclining her head to Captain Dunning, slipped quietly from the I room, and ran upstairs. She went straight to Madam Rtiel's room. S She opened the door without knocking, and saw Jnasper. k Without uttering a word, she shut the door again, and flew to intercept Captain SDunning before he should get away. r Captain Dunning was just coming out of the library, with Madam Ruel beside him, talking volubly, At the sight of Sibyl and her excited face, madam pressed in front of Dunning slightly; and, whispered to him with .an anxious air :. . .. . '.L am afraid there is going to'be a dreadfil scene. 'Pray' get'away as quickly as possible. She, may quiet down when you are gone." . : .; : : ICaptain Dunning moved with an .accele rated step toward the' door.', "ISibyl's.:dark" eyes '-flashed -at madam defiantly. " Captain Dunning,"'she called, in sweet, high-pitched tones. .".You have been de ceived. 'No telegram has come to this house to-day. No one has gone from here toColumbus. The man that. woman calls Kenrick.Prince is hiding now in.her room, afraid to meet you. You had better, see him. He'may be the:very Rick Halsey you are'looking for!" CHAPTER XX SUSPENaE. . Captain Dunning p.used, arrested by the imperativeness of the' call, thrilled in 'spite of his' conviction- that Sibyl's mind was unsettled' by the startling nature of 'fncr assermons. " .Then he caught sight: of Madam Ruel s face. An agony of fear was on it. " Go, go, go !" she breathed to him, with white lips, lititig- bJth.:hands, trembling with excitement. - He hesitated' an instant, then went hur :riedly on, 'driven by the awful force of that 1 anguished appeal -' almost 'against his judgment . Madam Ruel swept like a tornado across the wide hall, and up-the velvet stairway to where Sibyl stood. Halfa dozen servants, hearing something unusual, had rushed to the spot,'and were staring with all their'might, ' At an angry gesture from madam they retired - precipitately; but ' not beyond :hearing. "'A tew more exhibitions'of this kind,' said Madam Ruel, fiercely, to. her lovely daughter-in-law, "and no specialist will be needed to decide upon the question of your insanity." - ' Sibyl scarcely heard ;her She was lok ing with an emotion almost of despair after Captain Dunning a receding figure. Evidently he regarded her warning as the wild talk of a crazy woman only. Would any one ever believe her again ? "How much longer are' you going to stand here for the servants to stare at?" madam asked, angrily. i Sibyl' withdrew' her gloomy gaze:from s-wathisig the distance, where Captain Dun ning ha.?rvanished: :- . ' Malamr'iniuel,'" she said,-in low, solemn Sntobies, o youli ate'me I' know, but I can't believe you are bad enough to want mur 1der done in this house." Madam started violently; and-caught at the banister, as if to save herself from falling. " Go up stairs !" she hissed, in. more bitter tones than before. "' You must be t nad,indeed, to say such things." \- Sibyl's a'rk, gloomy gaze rested wonder ingly oi: her countenance a moment; then, withlourtanother ,word, she turned and left here Mada' Riiel went, with slow, dragging steps and heavy -heart, back to where lase'riind Belle'anxioasly awaited her; " Jasper looked withi gloomy aiigry Tlooks to hier acdoint 'f what had passed. An expression of, absolute: terrdr' came into his eyes, when sil' told wliat Sibyl hlad a id about his being Rick Halsey. " Good heavens !" he"'cried:-" "That Shall be done with her ? Sheis not safe to be at liberty. She may say the same thing to anyone. It is a shame she g~otinto the library and heard what Dunning was after I shli udthiial yo h :mightb have kept her " She was aheady there ,when I went in. The-mischief was already?done."'` aid- his imoh--'i ll"I:bouild do was to tell him she was crazy;" " S"Did-he believe you ?", - " He seemed to. What in the world made youueep such a letter as that ? "I s hould think you would have ilestioyed it i. the.instant you had read it." e "So should l,' said Jasper, sullenly; "but it seems I didn't." S" Well, it;is thatletter tat has donie the "erhaps mishief is done," said Belle.-1 If Ihe ,thinks Sibyl is, insanei he w on't pay any iattention to what she said. If he goes to Columbus, as he spoke of doing, we shall know there is no harm done." " I don't believe he will go.". S"He4,sid :hel should, and, I think- he meant it." e "So do:I," said Belle.; *'But it iseasy enough finding out.whetler he does or not. ,i "By.watching him." :. . ; " I'd'like tbo'knewv"whotis goig-to'do the aatchig?' Jasper growled. i a " You ?" he exclaimed, contemptuously. S And madam looked 'frightieed. Belle shrugged her shoulders. d "I can fix' myself up so he will not know e me. I am good at that sort of thing. Be sides, \there;is Ino need of'?hisiseeing/me; Shall ['go ?" / " "Yes,rI; suppose' so,",said Jasper, n-r e graciously. "It's a risk, but we've got toh find out somehow what becomes of him. You are not going to play me/any double d game, are you, Belle?'" "Well, not' 'this afternoon," she said " slowly. "SI can't.promise for the futi'ie."' Belle looked expressively at Madain Ruel as she leftthe room to prparereand madam followed her. ; / / " How is my unhappy son Yý"madam ques tioned in a breathless whisper. , '" Doing better/'than I expected," Belle answered. "But don't,let'Jasper have any money. He is'sure to ask ynu, and there is mischief brewing?:between him and Doctor Varle. If,.jonkwant' to, stop it, don't give him any money." / . S Belle spoke in a whisper, too.. ' Madim shuddered: She thought of Sibyl's 'tdreadfsl words. . ."Not a penny," she said, clenching. her .then'anur~e.oog aO.'i - ietbs rfs;ior Y oneya?lO? aolsrgo'a" sum geeVa hsasds?d? doii " What can you want- that'sum--of money for, Jasper ?" she asked. g ,I want it, and that is enough: I want it r to-night, too," he said, surlily. '"To-night i" Madam Ruel fairly gaisped. t She shoolk her head slowly, and without speaking. : . e Jasper looked at her w'ith darkly.angry, r impatient eyes. ' o "I owe it to oldVarle, if you must know," e he said,' "th~iig~i I don't ss what difference it makes.".;i'.~ , " '' Madam uttered an exclamation of horror. e" You can't have five hundred dollars from i mse to give to iini," she said, bitterly. y "Why not to him in particular ?" he asked, :sneeringly. ' Because you can't owe him any such sum 1as that for any good purpose." e "Oh, indeed.' Well, what bad i urpose could owe to him for ? Come, talk it right 'out l" 'T will not give you the money." "'ou must, mother, if you want Ken to t ?Ot well," he said, a little less ill-naturedly than he had spoken before. "I promised SD ctor Varlo five hundred down as soon as hlie got here if he would undertake the case. It is a desperate one, you know, and the situation is desperate. WYe caq't take up the whole time of a physician like Varle, and keep the business a secret. too, for nothing. lie reasonable now, moher. You know I have no money. Belle has got it all." "I will not let you have the money," madam repeated once more. "Very well-don't. then l" he said. angrily. " You've tot some nonsense in your head about Varle that you had better grt out of it if ou wan' Ken ever to be well again. Varle won' stay wilthonut money." "Thank God I' madam sexclaimed, fer I vently "I will thank God on my knees the hour that spectre-faced demon is out of my f house l" .You are a fool I" Jasper ground out be -twpen his teeth, and went out of the room, i " ? .. : ? ? , . . - shuttinig the door with'a bang that echoed over the house;. ' \- He did not know what to do with himself till Belle'came back. S.Hedid not like to leave the upper floor or to go' out of doors, lest Captain Dunning might return and run across him. : Belle was gone a long time.' It grew darlk, t He whis worined and ans1ous. . Madam.Ruel came out into the. hall now A and then, where he-was walking .back and s, forth ceaselessly. She looked troubled, too, g but she did not speak to him. b He started to go and have a conference o with Doctor Varle, but as he came. in sight o of the door, Sybil Prince emerged from the a shadows and faced" him, pale as a ghost, v and with strange, menacing eyes. He went into his own apartments at last.- a " Curse these women;" anyway I", he f, muttered, as.he stamped' about over the b richly-carpeted floor. " If itfis notone, it i a ansther. If ] hod that niiey, how,;t'ddoh't' knowv but I would throw' up..the, whole, businessi here and run for .it. Why don't c Belle come? I swear-I begin to be: afraid she has gone baclk on mel. :. ..... No, she wouldn't do that," he corrected himself; after a-pause. - " She is too.fond of sme.. 1 wish:I knew positively whether she has that money. But I don't, and I don't know how to find out. She would be just as likely to pretend she had it when she had everseen it as any.other way. And if she iu~'iit, I couldh't make-her give it-up unleas · sheichose, to save my life. I don't believe she 'knows what fear is. Nothing short of killing would ever conquer her.". He ground out a savage oath as he tflung himself into a big, purple-cushioned easy chair and sat scowling. There came a soft tap upon the door. "Come in I" he called, irritably. It was Belle. ' She made an exquisite pic ture di 'she stood there, framed in the door way;. -The flame'of the gas-jet near lighted E up the bronzy, glittering hair, and made the gleaming eyes look like emerald stars. " ; " Come inside and' shut the door, can't Syou ?" Jasper said, with nervous impatience. " You don't suppose I want the whole house to hear'what 1 am saying 1" ' Why not ?" Belle retorted, provokingly, as she came in;and closed-the door. '-What made you so long?' Has he gone?" asked Jasper, eagerly. Belle nodded. i " [ had to wait till after dark to find ~nt. He has only just now gone away, on the stage that runs to the junction. - I began to be afraid he was coming back here." - " Not gone till now I" Jasper exclaimed. " What.has he been doingl' - - SGoing; about the, town,s questioning people slyly about the situation up here at the Hall." -------- "''' · .Jasper blanched. - : -- . "t bSuspicious, eh? Thatlooks bad:; .Sme of my mother's blunderin', of course. 1 wonder if he found out anything ?" t ... Idoin't think so. The sentiment of the village seems to be all one way. Mrs Ken. rick Prince is supposed 'to'have been made a crazy by the injuries she' received in the smash-up, and, if John Dunning had any doubts 'on the subject before he questioned \- these people, I don't think he has any now." , Jasper looked at her curiously. '" -" Well, ivhat is it ?" she asked., "Why do you look at me that way ?" '-.. . "You always call your father John e Dunning now," he said.. .. .s "I don't intend to disgiace hii by ever s calling .him father, again while -yonurre alive," Belle said, calmly. S". h'-i b" he questioned. "'Peihaps you I expect to outlive me'?" ' ' " I think I shall, in spite of you," Belle t siid, very quietly, but lilting a gaze to his a face that somehow made him feet chilly. "I wonder." he said, trying to throw off the luncomfortable sensation, "if Dunning r will come back here and try again, after he has done Columbus to his satisfaction '" i "Most certainly," Belle returned, moving toward the door. '" Wait a minute I" Jasper exclaimed. " I -want to talk to youi about that money."-=-" " Do you mean that you want to choke me about it ?" she asked, drily. " - Jasper looked like a thunder- cloud~for a moment. Then he forced an awkward,'coio strained kind of a laugh. ".. : 'See here, Belle;" said' he; "what is the use of being in a muiss all the time? Let us kiss and make up." S;'I With all my heart l'; she answered. e And, going back to him, she laid a hand' I lightly on his shoulder, and, leaning over i him as he sat, touched his lips with hera.i , v Jasper.: Prince shuddered: violently/and I drew back, looking up at her with eyes of I f -wonder and almost fear. .ý ý'°"' .-t " What is the matter wittyno + " he de manded, sharply. ," don't want any more ~ kisses like that one. Your lipb are colderi D than'icicles." . / i^, GI1 Belle laughed a little--a laugh as chill as rthe his bad been. ' / "_ :+ : . Jasper continued to look at her..' - . .' What -i queer girl ,on a re " h, said, Slowly. /" The queerest girl ever knew ' the queerest ever.made, 1 do believe.' Belle made nii answer, only stood, giving him' back .gaze for gaze, calm, level, cold, and with'that /strange4something iin the depths of tile curious lovely 6esethat?made 'bim vaguely uncomfortable. :' t:? ;?i S". / (To obe enlinsd) . -co.ij, 