Miscellaneous. From the latest English files we {Sydney Mail) take . the following interesting items : — A steam whaler passed last winter in the Polar ice, and, aided by au open sea, worked her way this summer in pursuit of whales to within 6* (1 1-i miles) of the Pole, the most northerly point man has vet reached. Had ho been provided with dogs and a sledge the c iptain would have made an effort to reach the P»le. No fewer than three expeditions are oil their way to the Pole. Lieutenant Peary is accompanied by his wife, and she will remain at a lonely camp in Greenland, accompanied by her maid, while the party make their explorations. Carrier pigeons will, it is expected, convey messages to her from the party. A large field of Hunnish graves has been discovered in Hungary. Among the better class horses were buried with their owners. The skeletons were adorned with ma-sive gold earrings and other trinkets. Safety- pins were worn, and in one grave there was a silver pencil-case. Implements of war were buried with the men, and Roman coins of the fourth cen'ury were in the hands of each skeleton. Monday, October 9, was Chicago Day at the World's Fair, and 750,000 pei'sons entered the gates, oeveral li-'es wero lost in the cru -?'!-, and 250 injured people had to be taken to the hospital. An inmate of Weston green alms houses has just celebrated her cen tenary, five generations of relatives being present to do her honour. The servants and visitors at Hamp ton Court Palace still insist that ' ghosts' superbly dressed women, sup posed to be Henry VIII's wives haunt the rooms, A night watchman in the grounds is said to hive been so alarmed at tho sight of an apparition that he has resinned his post. ' Is a man old at 501' has been the subject of a newspaper correspondence. One man, aged 51, -declared his readi ness to mil, swim, or box the average man of 25. Another in his 63rd year can run for; miles, and recently rode GO miles in, one day on u tricycle. Tlie Duke of Sutherland is beini; urged by the County Council to reopen tho goldlields on his Scotch Estate in order to give remunerative employ ment. The goldlields have been closed for years, but it is thought they would prove productive if the latest machinery were used. The Earl's CourtForestry Exhibition and the World's Water Show closed on Saturday, October 7. The refreshment contractor was lined £20 for selling glasses of inilk adulterated with water. A lady swimmer sued her employers at the Water Show for £30 for wrong ful dismissal, and recovered tlml amount. For the defence it was alleged that tho plaintiff was incom petent. A Newark lady who fell and broke her leg while dancing, has commenco'l an action against her partner, to whose alloged clumsiness slid attributes the accident. ^ The police in Aberdeen have brought a charge of cruelty againRt two Jews on the ground that recently, at the opening of a Jewish synagogue, they slaughtered a bullock ' after the Hebrew fashion.' Dropsy is said to have heon unin tentionally cured by an infusion of toad in wine. Toads dried and reduced to powdoi-s were, it senilis, regarded by tho ancients as. a cure for this and other maladies. * ; ' A West-end medical man performed an operation upon a son of Lord Annesley, who suffered from slammer . ing. A feo of £30 was charged, the time occup'ed in the operation Using three minute. Lord Annesley paid £12, and was sued for tli» remainder. Tno.de'f^j-Vpe was that the operation wad unsuccessful, but tho medical man Itecbvered flis full ottonnt. 