PUBLIC BAPTIBM. - BERVICOE IN GOULBURN. Tate announoement that a publio baptismal service would be held in the Aondemy of Musio on BSunday efternooun at in conccotion with the local Baptist Obhurobh drew together a large nttendaone, the hell being filled. It was either the firot serviee of the kind ever held in the city or the first for very many years, and great interest was taken in it. The receptaole for the water was a tank or babth, so arraogod that thee water itself ould noat he seen. A piece of soeonary--a wing-was placed at either side, and in front was a row of pJ: plants. Taerre were eight oaundidates-five female and three male, nil of whom saon upo the platform during the preliminary portion of the sorvice. Too lodieo wore vehite dreseee tnd the gentlemen in addition to their ordinary attire were clothebd in a black garment renaohing to their knees. Tuoe iev. D1) J. Graham was the offielating minister, and aftler devotional exeroises, the reading of a portion of rscripture, and the singing of hymns ,unnoueand that a collec tion would be made to defray expenses. He said thae if there wore any preent who could not tfford to give aunythig he wished to impress upon them the faot that thay were quite welcome. They had not been invited for wmas could he got out of them, and if euffiloint wae realised to cover expenses the members of the oongretoation of the ehuroh would be setirfiod. After a hymn had been saung an add-eeo was delirored by the minister, who quoted a number of passages or sortipture which he askeed the cogregation to read prayerfully and un binessedly. He took firdt the fifteenth and sixteenth versee of the sixteenth chapter of St. leark-" And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the GOepel to every oreaturo. Re that believeth and is bap'izoed shall bhe saved; but he that bslicveth not shall be damned." Baptism, he asked them to note, did not pruode faith, but faith proceded baptism. In the vecres he had oited the diaoiples received their oomeisinom to preceh the ospoel to ,llt maln, mnd they oarried out the very lItter of Chbrist's oommand. He refered the oon gr.gacion to the ftllo,,ing text t:-Auts ii, 3?Hh to 41det ver?ss; Aee vtiit, 12th; Acts viii, 35:h nod 9D:h; Ates ix, 18th; uts e , 47th nd 48 .h; Acts xvi, 15:h, 30th to 38rd. Tnouhing on the qurs!ion of infant baptiem, he said he had as much authority for saying that the children of Lydia and of the Philippian gaoler were fuetteen years of age ns the epponents of the Baptist Church had for saying they were only a few montbe old. He quoted, in lr;boration of his snbject, Acts xix, let to 5th; Gal. iii, 27th; Col. ii, 12th; let Peter, iii, 21st. They had surip. toure for their service that day. That night they would reOeive the friends on the platform with some othere into their church at the Lord's table on the imople werd of the Bible, and he told cueh of them that the ohutoh acted upon that book for their rule for daily life. The baptiEmul ceremony wee then eommenoed by tech of the candidated being asked the qnestion--"' Do you bhli.ee that Jesue is the Ohristr, the St n of the living Gode" In the ocase of the male cndidates the name woe prtfixed to the question--tr. Dryden, Mr. Newman, hitr. Jones The reply was in rho otfirmative, whleeupon the minister r.pliod-" Then I shall have pleaonre in baptising you into the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." A hymn was thetn sung, end the minister, olothed in a blaock gown em:lor to that worn by the mole candidates, entered the water and prayed. The descent to the floor of the tank was by steps, and the water was up to the knees. Eaoh of the oandidatos then in turn entered the water, fully dressed. The minister took the eandidateo' hands in his right hand and plneiag his left hand at the batk of the candidate, said " My dear sister (or brother), upon yone profession of repentance towards God and faith in our Lord Jesue Christ, I baptize thee into the name of the Father, and of the 8on, and of the Holy Ghost." The minister thee, still holding the oandidate, placed him or her prostrate in the water, the Imn mserion lesting for the briefest spone of time. A deasoon stood on the steps, and as the oundidates emerged they were handed a towel with which to dry their fotes. After ooach one had undergone the rite the veree of a hymn was sung by the ehoir. The appearaone of the first oadidato ans she emerged from the water exoited the risible faculties of s.me of the audionce and there was mucah tittering, but after this, though the ceremony was watbeohcd with intenee intereae, met of the audience maintained dseorum. The sereioe closed with the doxology and honuediction, the minister remaining in the water until thebo proosodinge had ended. 