The Missing Model, A GHOST STORY, BY J. GALBRAITH, (A NEW WRITER.) " But," objected Mayne, "she. said; I; could not see. be? for * three weeks, andil promised not to. use tbc address except under urgent necessity." . "The necessity is urgent. I met Flint last niglit, and lie told me (I was making enquiries about ber) that Miss Lucas's people know nothing of ber whereabouts. Thqy believe'lier to be dead. Now Bbe, was ,a good girl,, and . deyotocl, to lier /atber;"and Bister; if she were.living in town, a: free agent, would she >koep them in ignorance of ber fate ? " i "Then you think--? " Never, mind what I think. What is her address?" ". . . ""Alma-Cottage, St. Oyr Road, Ham'stead. Shall,.I write ? " ' j " No," ' said Faucit, '.'.we will go. Yqu, .shall see ber while I wait in the cab. If* she is not at homeyou'can write to-night." They haiied a .hansom, :'and "gave"! ttje address. '^Faucit sat T: back in the .cab, smoking and thinking; ' Mayne leaned iorward,1 with his arms on the doors, his face flushed with' excitement and expecta tion." ' , ""Suppose sbo is not in? " he said once. '.'' Of course she won't bo in. She will not have liadtimoto get home.'1 : : . ;.'':Then.iweiwiU wait 'till'she ;is in,"! was ,the,quiet reply. ( . After, an interminacUe drive they reache,d St. Oyr Road.' It was a dreary, out-of-the way sort of place, bordered on either side by small detached villas each surrounded by a wall the top of which was incrusted with broken glass. All were dismal, Beveral were iinoccupied. Before one of thd latter the hansom stopped, and the driver : lilted the trap. . " This is Elma Cottage, sir," he said, " but there don't'seem to be anyone living there." , .. .Mayne sprang out. # ? ; The name was clearly painted on eaoh of the dingy stuccoed gateposts. The gate was ^padlocked/ the garden neglected. The sliutters were closed, and the blinds drawn down.. . There'was a bell at the gate, and the artist pulled it vigorously. . It was. .yerp. stiff, and beyond the creaking of the wire elicited no responso. "M " Perhaps there is another house of the . same name," Faucit, suggested to'theimanj; " drive up the road andi back, slowly.'! j . Tho cabby obeyed. He walked his horse along by the kerb, scanning'tho names on every gate. There was no other 'Alma , rnrl--nt-.il I.'.. '"There ain't 'no manner pf uso you ringing there, sir," he said presently ; " tlio place has been empty this three year." ! " Who does it belong to?" asked Faucit, who.had come upJn time to. hear the last Bontence.,; ; I'ye h.eard tell as tho last party'who had it was called Johnson,1 but I never seed 'anyone 'but the servant (there. The gen'jjlmau ,only camo "down irreg'Iar liko of a.night,'': and-lie grinned significantly, ' " Is the place to'let ?. " There's never .been. no. biiard up j but Mr. Standing, tho. agent, used to. have tho letting of it." ? " Where is-lie to 'be found ? " < The man told hihi. faucit gave him a shilling and got: into the cab.' " We .will see the agent," he said. The agent proved to be an affable gontlo man who wore a checked suit,'a crimson tie, and several rings. , "Yes, he had, tho management of the .St.: ? Oyr.Road property ;' know Alma Cottage perfectly, but it was not to 'let. ' The present owner was abroad.. Yes, he,'liad , been!abroadJor some time; but he had* no . intention .of letting the; house ; had- refuse'cl several offers for it already. ' - " ." 1 " I have' rather., a; fancy for ' the place," Fauoit suggested mendaoioiisly ; I, should ..j be" quite willing .to meet your .client'oil liis i own terms." . Mi «< Not' the least use, sir; Mr. Johnson w;oh't let at any price. He - may,, return'; to * England someday _ soon, and' heVwoulid ? require the l^ouse' again." * ; V It must get very damp," said. Mayne, ,-.tlibughtfully; " but I suppose/there is a '' girl,who looks after it." . The agent did not know. There was nothing for it but to return to ,, .t'owij. When Faucit had left his friend at ytiiGuolub he took a; fresh bab, drovo to a : ;largo house in Park Lane, and inquired for 'Mr/'MoGahdish. The" servant informed him that his master had left for the Con tinent two hours before. Did not know "when lie would be back. The journey was .' quite^unefpected. Mr. McOandish had left no fiddreBS; he would wire in the morning : where his letters were to be sent. i Faucit gave the man his card. wished particularly to see Mr. "MoGalidiah," ho said; " but I suppose I must wait now. Let me have his 'address as soon as you know it." He slipped half a sovoreign into the sex-' vant's hand, and went back to the club. On the way ho stopped at a telegraph office, and despatched a message. " Alma Cottage, St. Cyr Road, Harap stead. Find out all possible about owner and caretaker if practicable to get into ' house Urgent. Faucit." The telegram was soiit to''Hayward, 112, Denbigh-street, Airiilico. " One thirier is certain," ho said lator on to Mayne, " and that is that McOandish knows something about tho girl. He saw the likeness, and ho rocognised tho original. Ho was awfnlly upset, and ho bolts forth with. If <.'! alive, ho is afraid of mooting her, and '' " 7/she is alive." intorruptod the artist, " why. wo <iaw lior this afternoon." ".Three of us saw hor "-Faucit atrupk a match very deliberately-"or .thouylit we " I did see her," said Mayne, doggedly. " But Bignold and Vernon did not. ." Why, did she give you tliat address ? " " I don't know "-very unwillingly. " I do. It was because that house was the last' address' she had to give, and I believe it is there. \ye shall find her." '.' You think it possible that sheeaube concealed about the premises ?" " Yes," said Faucit, coolie. Four, days later Mayne received an urgent summons to his friend's .chambers. He found him closeted' with a short, com monplace man, whom he introduced as Mr. Hay ward. The artist recognised-tho name as-that of a detective whom Faucit had come across professionally, and of whose. judgment and tact he had held a very high opinion. Another link in the chain," he remarked without' wasting time in preliminaries. "'Now, Hayward, tell your own story." " Not much of a story yet, sir ; but Mr. Johnson, the owner of Alma Cottage, is really-McCandish the millionaire. He took the house on lease from February'80, and iput: in' a housekeeper;; He was never there in the daytime ; used to go down late at night with ay friend? notr always the same, and leave in a few hours or early next morning. In April '87 lie bought the place, and has never occupied it since. A care taker goes in and 9pens the windows now and again; .Crusty old party, of the name of Short. Not to be bought; says her orders are to ladmit. no one*,;and she ain't going to lose a good job along of strangers." " What is there at the back ?" " Garden of house in Randolph-street unoccupied. Windows adjoining houses don't overlook tho premises, leastways/ only the garden." Mayno rose suddenly. "I am going over that bouse to-night," lie said, in a hard, strained voice. " Yes," agreed Faucit, quietly. " Will you bring some tools, Hayward ?" " It is a criminal offence, Mr. Faucit." w I have already told you that I take the entire responsibility. You shall lose noth ing by the business. What time ? " " About eleven," answered the detective, shrugging his shoulders. '. Better meet me at the end. of the Hamstead Road. Gan't'goupiri hansoms, ^ou know, sir." At half an hour to midnight the three men reached the gate of the empty, house. They had taken the precaution of separat ing en route, Faucit and Mayne keeping together;, the detective following on the opposite side of the street. The road was absolutely deserted. The road was absolutely deserted. The inhabi tants were apparently early' people, and, all the houses were dark. By the light of the last lamp Hayward consulted his watch. " Half-past," he said. "Constable won't pass till 11.50, we have twenty minutes to other side." Fauoit clambered over and the others followed. " Guided by the detective, they made their way round to the baok. Once ^own the area Hoy ward showed a light. Slipping a knife up the shutter of the kitchen window, ho worked open the bolt, broke a pane of glass, turned the fastener, raised the sash. They made a careful inspection of the house. Dust lay thick on the covered furniture and carpetless floors. From room to room their footsteps echoed noisily in the dead ^tillness of the night. They began at the garrets and worked their way back to the basement, without finding.the smallest trace of any hum being, living or dead. When they reached -the door; of; the kitohen'r Mayno's faceiwAs' very pale.-" There were blauk circles round, his eyes. His expression was one of utter despondency. " Wo'd better go, . gentlemen,said Heyward. " There is nothing more to be seen, I think." He hold tip the laiitern and looked round. "Wait a bit," he added. "There is a cellar." A stout oak door, opened from tbe darkest corner of the passage. It was secured by a couple of heavy bolts, and across the lock *was drawn a tape fastened .by two Beals.V. 4 K" Wine-cellar," suggested Faitcit. v*" Vif He slid the bolts, which were rusty and moved with difficulty. ?Hayward; took a small bag from his pocket, and proceeded scientifically to pick the lock. In five minutes they were stand ing inside. It was a wine- collar, fitted with bins, most of which were empty. There were a few bottles of chompagne and half a-dozen or so of spirits. " Not enough stuft to justify all ithis pre caution," remarked Fauoit. The detective stooped, holding tho lantern close to the ground'., "Brioks loose here," he said, " the floor has been taken up and never properly relaid*" He knelt down, sifting the dust and little bits of loose mortar in his fingers. Pre sently he drew out what looked like a dust web, and held it carefully to the light, gently disengaging 'the clinging particles and gently smoothing it between his thumb and forefinger. It was a long, silky hair. " Look here, sir," he said, " here's a clue at last. There's a light poker in the kitchen that will serve our turn. Just you, wait a,minute until.1-fetch it." Faucit laid his hand on Mayne's arm and felt in the darkness that he was shaking from head to foot. Hayward was back in a . second. He slipped the thin end of tho poker between the'bricks, using it as a lover. Very littlo effort dislodgod them. When he had romoved a dozen, ho thrust his arm into the'hole, scraping up handfuls of rubbish and loose earth. Lower down tho dust was largely mixed with a white substanco. " Quicklime," ojaculated tho doteotivo. "I should not wonder, Mr. Faucit, if you weren't right after all." Ho lengthened the aperture, working : with a will, till tbe bricks were romoved for : a space of noarly six feet. Thou ho and Faucit scraped up the earth. Two'feet below the surface theyycomo; upon a complete bed of lime. .j>) " Gently," said Hayward ; " we've"' come to what we are looking for." .. . ,'1$.% Talcing out his handkerchief, lie carefully swept away the white dust. * The two men bent forward, with a sickening instinct of what lay beneath that thin covering. Suddenly the detective loqke'd up. ? " ~ \ \ " Mr. Faucit,"" he remarked quietly", ". just see to your friend.. He'U.be off.in a second." ? ? ? The warning was not a minute'too soon. Before the words were fairly past his lips, Mayne had reeled and pitched heavily into Faucit's arms, in a dead fainc.. Ashe caught the unconscious man/ tjie barrister looked down* into the cavity" tidA saw lying at. his very jcefc-thc-yerffit skeleton of a woman. ' . It was all that remained of the most beautiful model in London-the girl whose fa,to had for three years been wrapped in mystery-the original of Deverill's ' CEnonc,' Violet Lucas. , , 