I - guests were awembled/ $De of the magnates of -pyited tbe nobles of the neigh ii.Tje&r-huut.; TheIg^'ests were ting the signal to set olE In " of the castle the carcass of an _d slowly upon' a'great spit before re of logs/^d| S^feBSal cask of 'tin wine had ^bTOnbro&cbed.; most remarked among the wholecom ly wereCouhtMikronowskianii his fair daughter, Constatifce. The youujr lady -""as to m&keoneof; the patty of hunters. Her toura&6;was, itseemed, as great as her beauty. :Tbe;son of the' host, the young ,, jCoimt SfcanifilaJii Zatnofskl, attached.' him-. lelfto her Bide/ andi when the signal for v^-)^esettingliiilt'<if the cortege was given, aiid she huntsmen, surrounded by fcbeir yelping1, ?; leapingpack of hounds, had departed in the :air»cla6n:6f thsforest, it was into the young shunt's sleigh that Constance was Ufted by ife owner, who, leaping in after her, took the reins of the fiery horses, harnessed three abreast before it, and drove swiftly off through thesnowand mist. : Arnvedat the spot where the huntsman were drawn up in expectation of their game, they dismounted, and, standing there side by side, silently awaited the coming of. the bear. Tate that iay«niled upon Constance. A large bear -was driven by the beaters iirecuy across the path where she and Stanislaus had taken their stand. At sight »f them, the monster reared himself up jhreateningly on his hind feet; but the girl, i Jilting her rifle, calmly shot him through the -heart. ?% Completely fascinated by her ? beauty and conrft^i Stanislaus gelded himself a "willing captive to her charms. From that moment his passion grewdaily. The love which her courage bad inspired was deepened and; jbrengthened by the sight of her at home, ieated modestly before her spinning-wheel. As the -wheel revolved, and the white hands of the maiden drew the thread from it, Stanislaus, sitting by her side, murmured in her ear, to an accompaniment of the whir-i ring music of the wheel, bis vows of love, j V*d plighted her his troth. ?-??? - ; The betrothal was publicly celebrated soon after, at the house of Constance's father, j The parents;bf the bridegroom, however,! saw, With deep though secret dislike, his . infatuation for the daughter of their impov- j wished neighbour, Mikronowski, and they j persuaded their son, shortly after the cele-1 bration of the betrothal, to take a journey i to Dresden, where August the Strong,! King of Poland ana Elector of Saxony, held his court. The Polish ambassador at Dres den was secretly instructed by Zamofski s parents to lead "the yonpg nobleman into the gay profligate society of the capital. _ ? To the beautiful young widow, AntoL nette, Countess of Oginska, the favourite ? alike of Augustus and his all- poworful minister, Bruhl, was given the congenial task of rendering Stanislaus faithless to his absent love. Mistress in the arts of coquetry , and intrigue, the fair countess soon accom plished this. A letter, written to Constance only a few months after his arrival to Dresden from her lover, apprised her of his desertion of her, and, at the same tame, bagged forgiveness for bis faithlessness. Family interests and his dug'to the State and his King, her cecieajR lover wrote, were the causes of his \- breaking his -plighted word. . On receipt of ihis epistle, Constance shed a few angry tears; but she was not the woman- to weep long over a lover's desertion. Plans of revenge for the slight put upon her caused her soon to forget her grief. One night, while returninglate from a ball at Prince Sapieha's, as he was driving through the forest of Grodna, his sleigh was suddenly surrounded by a band of armed men. At the sight of this band the coach jian and footanan leaped quickly from the 0^1 and. fled away on foot. Zamofski lefended himself bravely, but was overcome ifter a short struggle. He was bound, a tack was drawn down over bis head and face, md be was lifted on a horse which was led »ff at a gallop. The younjg man, supposing be baa neen attacked by .robbers, with which the forest was infested, now gave himself up for lost, j After a wild ride'of an hour or so, Stanislaus made aware by the sound of his horse s hoofs that they were crossing a bridge. Directly after he was lifted from the saddle md hurried on -foot for a short distance. The ? lack was then removed and be discovered himself to be in a small, cell-like apartment, with a single grated window high up in one if its walls. At one side of the room was a pallet of stiaw. The rays of a small lamp died adim light around. Before him stood two men in the uniform «f Cossacks. "Where am I?" he demanded. "Why have you brought me here ?" _ They ?vouchsafed no answer, but the door -presently opened," and admitted Constance, eladin a mantle of dark-green velvet, bor dered with sable. She motioned with-her hand for the men to withdraw: then, left »lohe with her captive, she measured him With eyes full of angry scorn. "You are in my power now, she said, ?rultingly. " Expect no mercy from me. I give you only one choice. Either you marry me, here and at once, or you die." "leannot marry you, Constance, be returned, firmly; "my duty to my parents tnd my country forbids it." . "You are deceiving me." ] Zamofski's face crimsoned with rage, and j ta angry answer seemed trembling on bis lips. But he controlled himself, after a visible struggle, and remained silent. " Yes, you are lying to me-you are the acknowledged lover of tbeCountess Oginska, ind it is because you wish to marry her that »ou have broken your faith to me. _But1 ask you once more, and-for the last time are you willing to keep your promise and I cannot, Constance. Unfortunately I fay not follow the dictates ef my heart in this matter." ? . ' , , " "" Then prepare, and at once, for death, coldly returned the disdained beauty. ,1.011 leave you now to send a priest m^y stead. In a quarter of an hour, you shall die on the gallows." ? . 7.amnf»lri started involuntarily, but con trolled himself immediately and bowed low, without opening his lips A few moments after Constance had gone . priest entered the reom. "Is it really so serious?' demanded Eamofski of the new-comer. " The gallows has already been erected in the courtyard," replied the other. A quarter of an hour later, Zamofsln, cecurely bound, was led into the courtyard. Not even the-eight of the gibbet, however, could shake hisdeterminaUon, It-wasonly when he was on the scaffold and felt the jiobse tightening about his neck that he gave ready," he muttered to the priesfe standee near him. "Let tbe marriage take ''^Constance gave orders that be be lifted from the ^cafiotd and bis bonds removed . " If you make the sbghtesb attemptto eocape," she said, in a warning tone, ^ i will shoot vou at once," and, asjshe she pointed to a pistol stuck, in her girdle. . Zamofski was now bidden Center »le chapel, which had already been lighted for the occasion. The marriage ceremony was ouickly performed.by the pnest, the rings exchanged, the blessing pronounced. The ceremony over, Zamofski was con iucted into* richly-f urmshed apartment by his bride, who, seating herself on a divan covered with bear-skins, thus addressed bim. her eyes flashing scorn as she spoke » lou are at liberty now, my lord, to go whithersoever it may please you to ©>. J1 have no farther demand to-make on you, either as regards your prop person. I shall remain as Wore, under the Mfoteefcionof my father and th«ehel^°f |fis toof. We part now ana for ever, i^re ^SmofeVi gazed at ber a moment in MC^ni-hment, then, recovering himself, . feowtd ailenfclj parents;-with iln?rJr!enils'» iiobility J and the Jesuits, were moving heaven and j earth to in<:ijne t.he -Pope to ? annul this j marriage, Zamofski remained quietly »t l Ostrog. " He appeared, however, to fee a j prey to melancholy and the bitteresfc humiliation, And soon after quitted the castle to'bury himself in a. pnudlhnnting lodge in the forest There, among MB books and manuscripts, he' led the life of a hermit, Ms only diversion being the long, ; solitary rides he took daily. j One day, riding slowly through the forest' anil isbak deep in thought, he came face to face with Constanco, who appeared suddenly from out a thicket opposite. - Zamofski bent I to his saddle-bow in greeting, and she, acknowledged his salutation by a slight, nod. .- i .When she had passed, lie drew rein and gazed long and fixedly after her. He sighed and -murmured half under his breath:1 " What an absurdity it is for the husband of , A young and beautiful, woman to pass his day# alone like a hermit among dusty; musty j folios." He was not without hope of encountering her again in his daily rides. Failing to d© so, however, he rode off secrptly one night * to Zabolow, tied his horse to a tree in a. grove hard by, and then stole through the.' garden up te the house. The windows were securely closed by thick, woodeushutter--.; but a slender ray of light, creeping through one of them, betrayed -the presence of a rift, i Applying his eye to tins,-he found that he j could see into a small room, furnished; with a Turkish divan.- . Bear-skin- rugs ? were ' thrown across it and laid on the floor beside it. A littleto one side^teod an embroidery ; frame, and, on a small stand, a silver-1 branched, candlestick, with threo lighted candles in it. j Constance came into the room presently* Seating herself on the divan, she drew the frame up before her and began to work. After an interval of working, she pushed the frame aside and threw herself lazily down on the dark skins of the divan. Thereafter Zamofski came secretely to the house every night. These nightly visits to his wife's home had gone on for some weeke when, one evening, bis jealousy was aroused by seeing a sleigh ' drive up into the court-yard, from which a tall, handsome man, wrapped in furs alighted.' As he could not visit Zabolow except under cover of darkness, he commissioned his valet to do so and to,briug him back-word'who'the new-comer might be. The man brought back word that the strange guest was Count Starbel, and the further information that he was a suitor for Constance's hand when, on the annulment by the Pope of her marriage, she would be free to enter on a second union. This news fairly set Zamofski beside him self. /Maddened by mortified pride and fruitless passions he lay in ambush one night for Count Starbel, as he was returning home ward through the forest of Ostrog. He barred the way of his rival and fiercely challenged him to single combat. Starbel dismounted from his horse and drawing his sabre, the duel hsd already lasted long enough for each combatant to have received -serious wounds, when Constance, unexpect edly appearing, put an end to the combat. I She came riding swiftly jap, and dashed hsr horse-in between the combatants, heed less of the leaping, clashing swords, j " What is the reason of your wanton and unprovoked attack upon this nobleman?" ; she demanded, looking sternly at her bus ' bind. " He has dared to come here, madam, as £ suitor for your hand," Zamofski returned, hotly. . Constance broke out into -a ringing laugh. " Put up your sword, sir," she said, merrily; " there is no further use for it. Count Starbel is not a suitor for my hand, but for that of my sister." Then she dressed their wounds with, her own hands, and then invited her husband to a private interview in the very apart ment through the shutter of which he had so often watched her. Throwing herself on the divan and leaning back against its covering of bear- skiu rugs, she glanced mischievously up at Zamofski as he stood irresolutely before her, and demanded : " What must I do to prevent similar escapades of yours in future 1" "Forgive me!" he exclaimed, falling on his knees at her feet. " But, count, have you forgotten the duty you owe to king and country?-which was such a bar to our union formerly." " I have forgotten everything, except that I love you !" he exclaimed, as he caught her in his arms. Three days later, Constance, clothed in a magnificent mantle of ermine, leaning back ? on the cushions of bear okins in a sleigh > richly gilded and drawn by three superb horses, made her entry, to the joyous peal- -i ing of bells and the booming of cannon, . through the castle - gates of Ostrog.- . Translated for the Algonaut by Emma M. Phelps. HE WAS IN LUCK. A TALL, dignified-looking gentleman stood facing an unoccupied house iu a prominent West Side street the other day, closely scanning a large white sign which hung iu the front door. The house was a handsome i modern structure, tvro storeys high, and had . evidently been built by some wealthy man for residence purposes, but was now adver- j tised as being " For Kent." j. The tall man had just finished taking ! observations and jotting down the owner's } address in a small notebook, and v.as turning to leave, when a neighbour came along and pleasantly remarked: " It's a pity that a fine bouse like this should stand idle for such a long -time." " Why, how long has it been jdle ?' " Well, the last tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can't find another who is brave enough to live in there." " What's the matter with it ? Danger of collapsing?" "Ob, no. The house is built solid enough. The great trouble is that it's I haunted." "You .don't say!" And. the tall man seemed to grow- more interested. "It's a fact. . Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighbourhood are startled by a series of wild, blood-fcurdlirig yells; and immediately after that two white figures appear at the upper windows. Fve seen them myself;" and the good man shuddered as he thought of it. " Have you any idea what rental the owner demands for the vJiole house ? " '" Yes, I beard him say he'd let anybody tave it for five dollars per month." "Five dollars a month! Great Caesar! but that's a bargain. Guess Fll take it before some other fellow gets ahead of me." But wouldn't you be afraid of living in a house infested with spooks ?" "Oh, I'm quite used to them. lama spiritualist, and as I hold my seances every Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks ; will come in very handy. You'll excuse me,' sir, while I go and see the owner and sign a lease for ninety-nine years." | And as he walked.off, he muttered to! himself. ! " Fivedollars a month, and twofull-fledged j ghosts to boot! This is, indeed,.a bargain." j 