SEVENTEEN YEARS AGO. 'Vanity Fair.] In a room, scantily furnished, and dimly lighted, a priest sat writing a sermon. It was a powerful face which bent low over the manuscript — set and clean shaven with heavy jaws and deep sunken eyes — and an extremely intellectual face. His mind was ab sorbed in his work, for he took no notice of a mouse which came out into the room and dined off the crumbs which had fallen under the table. The priest wrote thus : — ' In every man there is some g :od. The most hardened criminal has some tender spot in his heart. It is very easy to accuse the sinner. It is difficult to look at the sin from his point of view. In judging our brothers we judge ourselves. Temptation that we do not understand may come to our neighbour, aud, not understanding, how can we dare to accuse? ' The priest put down his pen, and there was trouble in his face as he read the passage through again. His own words had touched a memory in his own soul; and the touch hurt him. ' That was different,' he said to himself, ' altogether different.' He took up his pen again, but a knock at his door interrupted him. ' Come in ! ' There entered a man, pale and anxious looking. His hair was white ; but the face, lined -with care as it was, was not an old one. Fear was in his eyes, and his lips trembled. His garments, much faded with long wear, were dust covered, and all the man's movements were quick and excited. 'What is it, my good man?' asked the priest, turning his chair from the table. The man shut the door. ' I have travelled far to see you. My clothes bear witness to that. I have heard of your goodness, Father ; the fame of it extends beyond the limit of your field of work. Ah, no ! I am not begging. I do not want bread. I want consolation. Deep down in my soul there is a sin, un known to the world, unconfessed. I have carried the burden of it for 17 years.' ' Where do you come from ?' ' That I cannot tell you. Enough that I am here. Will you listen to me ?' ' Was there no priest near you to whom you could have gone ?' ' A priest — yes ; bvit not one that I could go to,' answered the man. ' There is a fitting time and place for such confession as you would make.' ' The time is now, the place here. You must hear me.' The priest did not answer for a few moments. The words that he had written, ' Temptation that we do not understand may come to oiir neighbour,' rose up before him. He put the manuscript on one side. ' Go on,' he said ; ' I will listen.' ' Eighteen years ago I was married,' the man began. ' My wife was a beautiful woman — of that beauty which good men worship and devils lust after. She was a flower that many wished to pluck and wear. Un worthy as I thought myself, I won her, and she was to be my life, my religion, everything. Father, there are flowers fair to look at which have a worm at the heart.' The priest bowed. Into our lives there came a man —my friend. God forgive me for ^calling him so. It was the devil entering Eden. This man sat at our table, was a welcome guest at our house, made me admire him, tempted my wife to love him. His was a face of trust. It was like yours, Father — strong, powerful, generous. 1 had been married nearly a year, when I returned one evening to find the home dark. There was no face to smile a welcome, no voice to speak one. The fire was out ; no food was on the table ; only a letter. My wife had left me — gone to perdition with the friend that I trusted.' The priest did not speak', and there was silence in the room for a few moments. ' He wrote that letter,' the man continued, with an effort : ' a few ha rd lines, which cut into my very soul. The letter killed all the good in my nature, and sowed the terrible desire of revenge there. 1 took a solemn oath to find him. I did not know then what would happen when we met. I 1 only swore to find him.' ' And you succeeded ?' ' Too well. ] found him with her. They were sitting together, hand in hand, in a room far more luxurious than any 1 had been able to give her. The heat of the room almost choked me. I think she gave a little fright ened cry— 1 do not know. But he laughed at me, told me I was a fool not to be able to keep my wife faithful to me, told me that from henceforth she was his, and commanded me to go.' The priest had gradually become more interested in the man's confes sion. The hand which rested upon his knee was tightly clenched, and there was a strong emotion, half sup pressed, in his face. ' What was his name ? ' he asked, and his voice trembled as he spoke. The man did not answer the ques tion, but went on : — ' And then, Father, the devil whispered to me. He touched my soul, and it leapt with fierce desire. I shot the man without a word, without a warning. He fell at my feet dead, the debt of his crime paid in an instant.' ' His name ? ' ' She killed herself thai same night.' 'His name, I say?' cried the priest, starting from his chair. For answer the man took a paper from his pocket. It was yellow and ragged with age. ' That is his letter. His name is written there.' The priest glanced at it for a moment, then sprang towards the man. ' Villain ! murderer ! I have found you at last 1 This man was my brother, and I took an oath to avenge his death.' 'I knew it,' said the man, more quietly than he had spoken before. ' That is why 1 came to you. Slay me if you will. I came to you for absolution.' The priest stood still. ' Temptation that we do not under stand may come to our neighbour, and, not understanding, how can we dare to accuse?' His own words rose up in evidence against him. Ho handed back the letter. 'My son, God must judge you. 1 am only a man.' 'You know my sin: God knows my repentance,' was the answer. ' I came to you for absolution.' The priest raised his trembling hand. There was silence in the room. Then the man rose from his knees, bowed his head, and went out. The Duke of Argyll and other writers who still insist upon a literal interpretation of the biblical account of the Noachian deluge, will be delighted with a recent find by Leon del Mar, a Frenchman attached to the surveying corps connected with the National Museum (Museo Nacionel), San Jose, Costa Rica, in Central America. Leon's find is not a ' Dinosaur ' or other half mythical creature which the lapse of ages lias transformed into stone, but a common every day whale, 216 feet in length, with bones min eralised until they are as hard as jas per and as heavy as lead. The Museo officials are in a quandary, aud are de bating as to which would be the cheapest to move their museum buildings over on to the mountain range where the petrified monster lies, or to try to transfer the flinty remains to the Costa Rica capital. The point selected by this antediluvian giant when he concluded to give up the ghost is a rift between two mountain peaks 72 miles from San Jose and 3300 . feet above sea level. There must have been a big flood in that section at one time. Either that, or Del Mar's specimen was a regular mountain climber. There are many substances which have a property of rendering tlie fabrics to which they are applied in combustible, but they usually spoil them, either by changing the colour or stiffening thein to such a degree that they cannot be used. An easy and safe way of protecting curtains against fire is said to be by steeping them in a solution of phosphate of ammonia, obtained by mixing a pint of water with about three ounces of phosphate. In this way the colour and texture remains unaltered. Visitor (picking up the baby) : ' So this is the baby, is it ? Bless his little tootsie wootsies. Kchee ! watch me poke urn's ribs. ' The Up-to-Date Baby: ' Mother, will you kindly inform me whether the deplorable condition of this person is due to per manent dementia or spasmodic and intermittent insanity ?' Suspected it. — Bank Clerk : ' No, madam ; I am sorry, but we can't cash that cheque. Your husband's account is overdrawn.' Mrs. Lamode : ' Oh ! overdrawn, is it ? I knew something was wrong when he signed it without waiting for me to go. into hysterics.' -1 : ' : ' 1 ? i' ''''i . - 