INSIDE .NEWGATE. BY JAMES GREENWOOD, THE A!~TJiEUlJ CASUAL. - Author of " The Amateur Casual," " Under a Cloud," " A Little Ragamuffin," " Dick I Temnle," "Almost Lost," " Reuben David)ier," " Humphrey Dyot," " Wilds of London," " In Strange Company," " Unsentimental Journeys." " Low Life I)eeps," "Silas the Conjuror," " Jerry Jacksmith, of. Lower London," "Tag, Rag, and Co.,' " Fair Phyllis of Lavender Wharf," &c.;, &c.; -HE gaol at Newgatc, regarded merely as .a place of safe keeping for evil doers on whom the law has laid a repressive hand, is one of the most interesting of prisons. It was the lion of its kind in the old times; but of late years it is shorn of its claws, and has attained a degree of tameness that in Captain Macheath's time, would have been deemed impossible. The spiked wicket is no longer kept by a fierce gaolor, surly as a mastiff at the mouth of his kennel, but by an _affableofficial, respectful and civil as a well. bred footman. Iy cicerone was an elderly and experi. enced warder, and by way possibly of mak ing known to me the fact that if I had gained admittance under false pretences and with sinister intentions I should find.that I had made a serious mistake, he led the way to an apartment and opened a cupboard, where the fetters were kept--a bright shin ing row of the modern p)attern, with a few examtples of the ancient " Garbies," such as, I suppase, were used at a time when the art of breaking outh. well asgettinng into-Now- gate was a branch of the "professional's" education-monstrous things, some of them -and he unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, and they weighed at least a quarter of a hundredweight, and the lcg irons to imatch were even more massive. In the same receptacle, and evidently preserved as precious mementoes of the past, were the anvil and hamnmer with which at the last moment the cruel blacksmith struck off the galling encumbrance, together with several other interesting relics of the good old time. The irons, I was informed, were seldom or never used now, except when prisoners were in course of removal from one prison to another. I came on many other things that usect to be the _pride and glory of Newgatc, but which had been abandoned since the renowned criminal stronghold had mended its manners. I saw, too, the black hol- half-a-dozen black holes indeed-but no one is ever placed in them. Another NIewgate institution, observed from time immemorial, is now obsolete-the condemned sermon. I ascertained this from my conductor as we stood in the prison chapel. As of old, to the left and to the right there are spaces in which the criminal congregation is accommodated, railed off from the rest of the sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron stout enough to secure the most ferocious creatures of prey ever exhibited at a menagerie, and there too was the doomed one's chair (I always understood that be sat in a pew), a stiff and straightbacked black chair which, when occupied, was placed apart from any other seat and in fair view of the parson in the pulpit. But he now participates in the sermon in common with the rest, and is .never specially preached at. - " But if there is no condemned sermon, Newgate is still faithful to its condemned cell. Except for its terrible associations and for the fact that hundreds of miserable wretches have sat at that table and lain on that bedstead, counting the rapid hours that seemed so hungrily anxious to eat up their dwindling remnant of existence, there is nothing dreadful about the condemned cell. It is about thesizeofan ordinary underground back-kitchen, and about as well-lighted. There is a little shelf, on which repose the dying man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, and his Bible, unnecessarily branded " Newvgato" on the leaves. There is a very small deal table and a little form, and these last-mentioned articles of furniture, as well as the floor boards, are scrubbed white, and the vaulted ceiling is .white, and the walls. There is many a cell iti which a poor man with his family is condemned to live and pay several shillings a week for, in the shape of rent, that is not nearly so desirable a place of abode as regards cleanliness and good ventilation. There is no fireplace, and, the gas jet burns in a little wire cage, presuim ably to prevent frantic persons from attempt ing suicide by burning. I asked whether the condemned, as a rule, gave much trotible; .the warder answered unhesitatingly, " No !. There were excep tions, of course; but .generally, after they got over the first frigliht, they settled down wonderfully calmi, and remained so until the last," which is evidence that itis in human nature to dread death itself less than the torture of the " cat." It is in the experi ence of every prison oflicial I ever talked with on the subject that a rutlian, being uncertain as to the morning when he is to have, as lie himself would say, "claws for breakfast," is in the habit of lying night after night in a sweat of terror lest to-morrow should be the doleful day. But there is one feature of .Newgate's interior,a recollection of which will probably abide in the memory of the man who sets eyes on it, long after all else connected with the grim prison is forgotten-the murderers' burying-ground. When one reads that "the body of the malefactor was the same afternoon buried within the precincts of the gaol," the natural inference is that there is a graveyard, that there is a spot, at the rear of the chapel very likely, set apart for the internient of those who are sacrificed to the law's just vengeance, and that, though the unhallowed hillocks are devoid of head or footstone, there is a registry kept, by which the authorities can tell whose 'disgraced remaitis they cover. This, however, is by no means the system adopted. The guide, unlocking a door, discovers a narrow paved alley, between two very tall, rough-hcwn walls, which are adorned with whitewashb. They alley is, perhaps, five and-tw:maty yards long, and not so wide but that two men joining hands could easily touch the sides of it, and at the end there is a grated gate. " This," remarks the civil warder, "is where we bury 'em," atid you naturally con elude that he alludes to a space beyond the gate, and that he is about to traverse the alley, and open it. Instead of this, barely has he stepped over the threshold than hoe points to the letter "S," dimly visible on the wall's surface. " And," says he, " Slit wizen, who was hauned for murdering his wife and burning hier body," anmd before your breath, suspended by - the startling announcement, is restored to you, he lays his forefinger on another letter a. few inches off. "Ketchcalf, who cut the throat of his fellow-servant ; Brambleby, who split his. father's skull with a garden spade; Greenacre, . who .mur dered Hannah Brown and afterwards cut up her body," and so as he keeps shift ing, barely a foot at a time along.the whlitened wall, he goes on adding to the honrrible list, while the ghastly fact dawns on you that every letterdenotes a body cut down from the gallows, and that the pave ment you are walking on is bedded in the remains of who shall- say how many male and female murderers? We are compara tivelymoderate in modern times in the use of the hempen cord as a remedy against man-slaying, but it was only a generation back, when business was exceediingly brisk in that line; a hanging ?as looked for in the Old Bailey on a Monday I almost as much as a matter of course as the cattle-market in !Smithfield on a Friday; Tlieii, as now, thie dreadful little lane betweetn the high.walls was the only place of sepulchre for thoise who passed out to death through the Debtor's door. The very paving stones bear witness to the many times they have been roughly forced up by unskilled hands thi?a hole may be dug for the reception of the poor coffined wretches who wear quicklime for a shroud. There is not, a whole paviug-stone in the mnrth of the; alley, and they are patche," nd cobbled and mended with dabs o nortar in the most unhandsome way. "A very large number must have bee buried here at one time and another, I remarked. "Bless you,. yes, sir," reilies the Kewgate warder of long service, "yo. can't half see the letters. They need to be I all over the other wall as well, but, being whitened every year, the letters at-last I got filled up." It was not a pleasant idea, and I believe that the cracked and unstable condition of the paving stones suggested it, but it came into my mind as I scanned the walls and made out scores and scores of ancient letters, showing ghost-like through the obliterating whitewash, what a hideous crowd it would make if those to whom the initial applied' could all in a moment be recalled to life. The narrow alley would not hold them all. There would ensue such a ferocious crushing and striving for escape that there would be murder done over again and such work for the hangman that he would he striking for extra pay. 