UNDER THE GREAT SEAL A NOVEL. Br Joseph Hatton, Author of "Clytie," "'By Order of the Czai,' " JohuNeedham'fDouble," " OruelLondon, &c.; CHAPTER XIX. THE MYSTERIES OF WILDERNESS GREEK. Apart from the natural dangers of that part of the coast which was dominated by Demon's Rock, mariners had other reasonB for giving the waters of Wilderness Creek a wide berth Grim and forbidding as are the thousand miles of the Atlantio coast of Labrador, the region whioh included Nasquappe and Wilder ness Creek was a concentration of its horrors. During countless ages the frosts and storms of winter, like untiring sculptors, have been carving the rooks into fantastic shapes, nowhere more strange and weird than where they guard the navigable current that Keith had discovered. Borne on the winds from this area of Nas quappe, the creek, and Demon's Book, sailors off Labrador beard in the air and on the tops about the masts a great clamour of voices, contused and mixed, suoh as you may hear from' aorowd atafairorin amarket-place; whereupon they knew that the Island of Demons was not far away. In the old oharts it is marked with devils rampant, having hornB and tails. The sailors of thosedays had woeful privileges that do not belong to their successors. They had seen the Flying Dutohman beating round Cape Horn. They had seen the phantom ship of the Cornish wrecker in cloudy squalls sailing over sea and land; the Scotch " Meggie of the Shore," with her visions of spectral boats that were doomed; and - The spectre-ship of Salem, with the dead men in her shrouds. Sailing sheer above the water in the looming moving clouds. They had seen the demons of the storm, the mermaid with her oomb and glass, the sea serpent with hiB fiery eyes; they had spoken dead men ghosts. With the legends of the Labrador coast they mixed stories that were half the truth and traditions that hold their place in poetry and romance. Whittier, the American poet, tells of a phantom ship which matinerB a hundred years ago would swear to. The young captain of the schooner visited the Labrador coast, where in a secluded bay lived two beautiful sisters with their Catholic mother. Both fell in love with the handsome skipper, who, however, was devoted to the younger of the two. She wa sshut up in her room by the mother just at lhemoment when 8hehadarranged to meet ber lover and fly with him. Her elder sister, profiting by her absence, went in her plaoe, and was carried out to sea in the skipper's vessel. On learning the deception that had been practised upon him he returned to find his sweetheart dead, and no more in life was seen of the Bkipper or his ship. But even yet at Seven-Isle Bay Is told the ghastly tale Ot a weird unspoken sail. She flits before no earthly blast, With the red sign fluttering from her mast, The ghost of the schooner Breeze. A noted legend of the adjacent Belle Isle was told in fo'caBtle yams in the daye of whioh I am speaking; how Boberval had put on chore from his fleet the Lady Marguerite, niece of the then Viceroy of New Franoe, and her lover, whose conduct had ecandalized him during the voyage out from home. He selected for their punishment the Island of Demons. Here the unhappy pair were attacked by the fiends. The Bailors could tell you how many of them there were, and the particular form of their horns and tails, and the horrid grin of their fiery jawB; and they could tell you of the whiteness and purity of the band of saints that came to the aid of the penitent lovers. But even these heaven-Bent messengers could not save the father nor the child; both died within a few days, leaving the Lady Marguerite alone in the terrible wilderness. One day the smoke of a fire attracted some fishermen on a bright calm day; they ventured to land on the haunted island and there they found the unhappy woman, and rescued her after she had lived among the fiends of Demon's Isle for upwards two years. These Btories and many still more startling mysteries of the deep and its haunted coasts the sailors of the sea knew by heart But they knew nothing of the realities of Wilderness Greek. The fishermen who in the brief Bummer months carried off the harvests of the Labrador coaBt had not the remotest idea of tempting the demons of Nasquappe or the adjacent islands by a trip beyond the boun daries of their fishstakes and landing-stages. For years and years with the first signs of autumn, the fishermen from France and Italy, from America and the West of England had sailed home with their scaly treasures, some to be caught by hostile cruisers, some to go to the bottom perhaps, the larger proportion fortu nately to find welcoming handB at anoient jetties and in picturesque seaports. When the St. Dennis, dashing into the broken waters that were white with foam one moment, black the next with the shadows of Forbidding rocks, had in the hands of her daring pilot^sailed into Wilderness Creek and Found rest in the etill, calm harbour, it was Found that one of their oompany was missing He had either remained on board the Avenger with tbe Frenchman or bad been drowned. Keith concluded that he had not met the latter Fate, seeing that he must have been born to bo hanged. This person was no other than Lester. Bentz, whose life had been spared at the inter ' cession of Preedie that he^ might be made the drudge and butt of the ship. There was more vengeance in keeping him alive under such circumstances, Preedie argued, than in giving him the quiet rest of the grave; and so Bentz had been spared, but only for what he con ceived to be a living death, seeing that every day he expeoted Keith to cut him down or have him swung to the yardarm as he had seen the Bear-Admiral of the fishing fleet swing above the fire. When, therefore, the opportunity came for a change of masters Bentz hid himself in the hold of Ristaok's unfortunate ship, and presently made friends with the Mosaoos, who were taken in to w by the three-decker, St. George, andoarried to Halifax. The St. George had given up her chase of Keith and his prize only when the ohase led to shoals and rooks that were more dangerouB than batteries of guns or the boarding-pikes of overwhelming numbers. She lay-to off Labra dor the next day, and the weather having moderated, sent a boat of searoh for bodies or other signs of wreck and disaster. The officer returned, having nothing to report beyond the well-known inaccessibility of the coastand the dangers that threatened even the best managed boat in the currents that swirl about the jutting rocks and crags that are as foot hills to the frowning promontories that lift their stormy heads to the ekies. When the Anne of Dartmouth made for Wilderness Creek after her emancipation from the command of Ristack, Bentz, by order of Preedie, had been confined to the hold, where he had remained until the ship was onoe more -out at sea; but he bad heard sufficient in the undisguised talk of the crew to. enable him to give valuable information to the English Admiral; but His Lordship only regarded the revelations of Bentz as to an inland lake and a calm ohannel thereto passing through the broken and booming waters of the danger marked coast as a sailor's yarn; and no attempt was made to test the truth of his romantio story. Bentz being missed, Keith at onoe had the entrance to Wilderness Creek barred with chains; and a similar precaution was taken in. regard to the exit of the harbour. This accomplished he and his orew settled down to rest and for mutual oounBel and recreation. The season was unusually mild. As a rule the enow lies over Northern _ Labrador from September until June. In this year of Keith's -exploits September had oome in mild and genial, with lovely autumn tints ashore and only moderate gales at sea. The wind that hod filled the sails of the St. Dennis was almost the first gale of the autumn. It had been -euooeeded by a spell of fair weather. The season was indeed so unusually mild that it enabled them to explore the surrounding country, and in that garden of berries which Keith had diBoovered in his first wanderings about tho coast they built a log houBe and cleared the land around it for cultivation. It was only the work of a week to make the place habitable; and here Keith and Preedie and Niool and Scot, and occasionally others of the orew, came to drink their grog and smoke and quaff the Frenchman's wine as they talked -over their plans for the future. The days went by pleasantly enough, and knowing the history of their recent exploits it might have surprised any looker-on to see how easily the men amused themselves, to hear the genial songs they sung, and to listen to their yarns and stories of adventure. There was one old fellow of whose tales Keith never tired. He had been mate to a pirate captain with head-quarters at Salem. No one in the quaint old town pretended to suspect his chief and owner, who lived in a many-gabled house overlooking the bay, and with a garden full of vegetables and flowers. The pirate had a wife, a shrew with her tongue and a cat with her claws; and when the ship put into Salem she would have the orew go up to the house to dig and weed ; "and it would have done your heart good, sir, to have seen that worthy old dame in command. By the Lord, sir, we were more afeared of her angry eye than all the hard words the captain gave us. We dug and Blaved at that garden like any niggers; every time we came ashore there was a new pieoe of land to bring under cultivation; they says a pirate's heartless and free, but give him a female skipper on shore and see what Bhe oan make of the toughest of us." It was a standing joke with Keith to mimic the Salem dame and order the orew to dig, even though they had no spades to tame the wilderness, and he was as pleased as a child when the oarpenter brought along half a dozen home-made spades and half a dozen of the crew went to work with them. This "idle waste of time," as Donald Niool called it, was not, however, allowed to interfere with the taking of every precaution for the full and complete protection of the ship. Although it was not likely that they would have to meet any attack from the land, Keith had huts built for sentinels commanding the outlet from Demon's Rock; and a post of observation was constructed on the eastern side of the harbour, where the seabirds had for centuries played the part of flying fiends and demons in the superstitious and fictitious history of the coast of Labrador, Bell Isle, and j the adjacent sea-scapes of rook and water, of i sand and shingle, and frowning hills and fear some valleys. 