AS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? MRS. H. H. JENKIKQS lives at No. 211, Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in Deoember (1891) the two women looked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a seoond. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of bis face was conaealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His Bhirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled soreaming from the . when Mr., Jennings «?« ater he founl no oneintL^ariJur^n^? the doors and windows . s e S ' fiftff 7 Mke What was it the women saw ? a - "During a reoent period of ill health, wntes an Americtin friend, "I had „i^ Wu' 0 : T 6 n l ""ooMsive nights on a '° a B rt^°; these Bights,about twoo'oloft was suddenly aronsed, from a doze b seemed like ike calling of my the foot.°f the bed stood tLimweK mother just as she looked five S b 6W asshe was leaving home to go 0^0™,"' on wh,ch journey she was kUled in disaster. I screamed and fainted? I »»» foolish enough to tell of it, and the local olfl women gossips said it was a aummonB id I would never get well. Yet I did and s perfect health now. I believe'tha? S came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen nowT " thanthree Jears S No doubt it was the nerves. Why. there', no end to the tricks the nerves vriU play"n you when your system is out of condition Mwoh 1890, it was that Mrs Jane Poster, of Darracott-road, Pokesdowni Hants wrote ns as follows:-«I was ,0 dreadMu nervous. I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in oaee I should call out for helo This was in June, 1889. I slept very badlV and in the morning felt little the better fe having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomaoh. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would ever get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day rs. West, of Bournemouth, called and sked what I was taking. She told me she was herself onoe jnst as badly off, and was cnrem^olhir 1 Sagel , B i Cd«tiTe Syrnp. Aa fibe seemed to have somuoh faith in this meSoine. I tried it/and in three days I was ablfito walk aoroBB the room; And by the end o# {He week I went dowoetaire. Now I am m Wellasever.' I Mn eat and digest my fooE and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indSgeBtiOn iMjd dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original oansewas grief and shodfe at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only vnen the Syrnp had given new vigoar to the digestion, and thns fed and toned the nerves. , . . Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more less' than a "set ot nerves all upset by iiMigeStion snd'ayBpepsia. Ghosts oome from the ipside of the person who sees them, and jrttB ''Mottibr iMgel's SjTOp does its worfc" ftn* ; eyw frtifi ears entertain only what 