Anthropology of the Daly fiivcr Natives. During seven years mission work Father McKillock has had excel ent opportunities of studying the manners and customs of the natives on the Daly River, Northern Territory, and the following particulars from hiB notes will be found very interesting:— The Daly River tribes (says the rev. gentleman) best known to us are the Oherites, the Ponga-pongas. the Mulluk-mulluks, and the Mat-ngelli. The Cherites, a small but very intelligent tribe, occupy the land between the sea and the river on its right bank. Opposite them on the left bank is a powerful tribe called Wogites, of whom we know very little. Next to the Wogites on the same bank come the Ponga-pongas, whose language is just the same as that of the Cherites. Next to the Cherites on the right bank are the Mullukmullufes. Their language differs from that of the Cherites, yet only as one Greek dialect differs from another. This brings us more than sixty miles up the river. The Mulluks are also on the opposite or left bank. But a few miles inland, and to the west, the Mat-ngelli or hermit hill tribe region begins. The Mat-ngelli have the Ponga-pongas on the north. Their language, although in structure and idiom very similar, differs much from that of the other tribes mentioned. All these natives are powerfully built men, who have at times shown very groat hostility to the whites. Indeed, some years ago they had the name of being the fiercest blacks of the Territory. MARRIAGE CUSTOMS. All these tribes intermarry. I would think that there waB a timo when the laws regulating marriage, so marked in other parts of Australia, obtained also among the Daly River tribes. At present they do not. A man mav not marry a blood relation, however remote the kinship be, but marriage within tbe tribe is permitted and common. Very often, however, the woman is of another tribe. Marriage by capture was certainly at one time the rule. Even now the phrase to " steal a lubra" is the only equivalent known to me for our to marry. And in their gesture language to clasp the left wrist with the right hand expresses the same idea. It is in fact ducere vxorem, to lead her off captive. Marriages, or rather espousals, are arranged by the old people while the children are very young, sometimes even before they are born; but then, of course, conditionally upon the child being male or female. A' young man not so provided for- and there are many su<!h—must steal a lubra, either from his own tribe or from another. If from a strange tribe he will be persecuted by her friends for a time, and if caught he will have to fight for his (ady with some man oboaen from the offended tribe, or he will have to run a gauntlet of spears. I know a case where a man so captured refused to fight a single adversary. He told the friends of the stolen woman that if they wanted him to fight they must bring out against him the two best men they had. They did so. It was a hand-to-hand fight with their great heavy lance headed clubs. £ut so great was the strength, reach of arm, and skill of this man that he very soon disarmed and almost killed bis two opponents. This was the notorious "Long-legged Charlie," who turned Qaeen's evidence at the time of the great Daly River murder case. If the young man steal his wife from his own tribe there will also nearly always be a row, always, of .xmrse. should he take the wife of another man. In this case the injured husband troubles himself very littlo. Sooner or later the fugitives must return. Then he punishes them. They muBt submit, and he must have blood from both. He does not spear them in the usual meaning of the term, but prods them with a spear more or less severely as his wrongs have been greater or less. The woman then returns to her lawful allegiance, and there is no more about it. Polygamy is practised, but not very commonly, and the men most respected in the tribe have only one wife. They are also as a rule very kind to their women, and receive in turn very great deference and obedienoe. It would be quite against the dignity of a Daly River man to carry on an angry dispute with a woman. Of course nature will out at timeB, and it is amusing then to watch the stoical black man. He will listen in silence to his Xantippe, at most yielding her a contemptueus shrug of the shoulders. Of course the woman grows bolder. After a while the man stands carelessly up. and with a well- directed blow on the head from a club he fells his better half to earth. When she comes to she is again his loving and obedient wife. In these tribes a man is the natural protector of the wife of his dead brother. She does not necessarily become his wife, and can, if she will, return to her father. A father's brothers are all called fathers by his children, and a mother's sisters are mothers. How far the Tamilian system obtains I have not yet discovered. The fact just mentioned may prove a starting point only. Certainly their system of relationship is intricate and widely different from ours. I might mention here that the man who gives a wife to another becomes related to that other. They are friends for life, and any injury done to the giver by the receiver would be a great offence against tribal law. Children are often disposed of when very young. You will easily see how injurious to our work this oustom might prove. A girl, for instance, for years on the station might in the end have to go off with soma old rascal thirty miles away as his third or fourth wife. When they bring their children to UB the blacks surrender in favour of the Superior of the Mission this tribal right of the head of the family. Of course I never use this right except with the full approval of the parties most concerned. They are human, and have their likes and dislikes. They know too—for we teach them so—that in this matter they are free to choose within the limits allowed by our Church. To free them gradually from the tyranny of the old man we have to interfere in the matter for a time. But the young people are glad that we do so, and so far all has gone well. MUTILATIONS AND DOCTORING. Circumcision is practised by all the Daly River tribes. A few refuse to submit to the operation. If able to escape the old men for a few years after the time—about fourteen—for the operation they are left in peace. But for life they will be oalled Larrikiyas. The Larrikiya is_ the Port Darwin tribe who do not oircumoise. 'The mutilation practised on the Victoria and in other places to the south and south-west is not known on the Daly. I wish to emphasize this fact; for I have heard the contrary maintained by a travelling doctor whose only proof—given to me—was this :— "Why, man, I have read a paper on tbe matter to the Royal Sooiety in England " So is history sometimes made. The women have a curious mutilation. When young girls they remove the two first joints of theright forefinger. The operation is most artistioally performed, judging by results. Yet they use no knife or, as when circumcising, sharp stone. They find in the jungles a very strong cobweb, and with a thin skein of this they tie tightly round the joint. The circulation is, of course, stopped, and after a time the dead joints fall off. This custom is far from universal. CANNIBALISM. In great sorrow they sha'-e theirheads. The natives are undoubtedly cannibals, but then their cannibalism is peculiar and limited. Infanticide is very common, and they often eat murdered babies. They seem to consider this tbe kindest way to bury the little ones, and only the nearest and dearest friends are allowed to partake of this repast. But they will not touoh the head. They aay the devildevil, i e., the ghoBt or spirit, is in the head. They always bury it. When a ohild is to be murdered the dootor is called. The children believe the child to be really ilL While the doctor or executioner examines the child a great "keen" is raised, during which he strangles the infant. These dootors are great rascals, and what is and of them in other parts ot Australia might be repeated here. I saw one performing once. As he approached the siok man he looked to the sun as if praying. Then he seemed to mumble some charm. He would continually draw his fingers through his opposite armpit •J™ rub * h « moisture so obtained into the body of the patient, blowing every now and again over the parts so rubbed. But apart from these mummeries they do seem to know something of the curing art. They certainly go in greatly for massage, and I know by experience that they can give relief. In very violent oases of headache they bleed their foreheads. They are very temperate in the drinking of water, even on the hottest day. They say it is not good, and prefer a bath. BOBIAL CUSTOMS. When tbey do not bury their dead they either burn the bodies or put them np in trees until only the bones remain. These are then buried. The blackfellow — properly so called, i.e., who is neither old man nor woman—iB entitled to this honour ; I mean to be rolled up in paper bark and placed in a tree. Terrible scenes may be witnessed during their burial rites. Here is one—a hole 5 feet deep-only that I insisted upon this tbey would not have gone deeper than 2 feet. The naked body of a dead man alongside. When all was ready they politely requested me to go away. I refused. They insisted, saying that they wanted to cry. When thev saw I would not go a scene began which I shall never forget. The men divided into two lots—one to get the corpse into the bole, the other to prevent their doing so. I thought they would pull it to pieces. Meanwhile the women raised a terrible weird keen and worked themselves into a real frenzy. They were armed with ironbark sticks, about 2 feet long, pointed at one end, and about 1$ inches thick at the other. As they sang they would beat their shoulders with the thick ends of this weapon, inverting it every now and again and driving tbe point into the crowns of their heads, every such stroke being followed by a strong squirt of blood. It was terrible, and quite new to me. I took the sticks from the women, and waiting for an opening rushed in with a couple of strong young blackB, caught hold of an arm of the dead man, issued a quick, sharp order, and before the opposing party recovered from their astonishment at my interference we had dropped him into the grave. To slowly lower him was out of the question. Then amidst most heartrending yelling they filled in tbe grave. One man remained sitting on itB side until buried to the knees. This . scene was so awful that children present ran away, looking back at intervals over their shoulders in most lively terror. And yet it was all acting. Except three or four of the man's near male relations, who, with heads over each other's shoulders, wept quietly apart, the grief of the others was a workod-up frenzy. When all was over they went laughing away. Very different are our Christian burials, and they have made a marked impression upon these very impressionable people. One of our young men, near to death, begged of me not to permit the blacks to bury him, and was quite happy when I assured him he would get a happy Christian burial. SUPERSTITIONS. The blacks do not believe in natural death, even when it be the result of aeoident. Every ona is killed by the sorcery of another tribe. This fact, with the infanticide so widely practised, ie in great measure the cause of the thinness of the population. It means practically the doubling of the death rate. A man dies— it may be by snakebite; the snake was forced to kill him by the magic arts of some one in a hostile tribe, and some one in that tribe must die. The strange thing is that the tribe which so loses a member will not retaliate. Tbey will wait till one of their own men die. Then, of course, they too must have a victim. The rule is that the victim is murdered whenever found. But sometimes an embassy ia sent and the victim demanded. I have heard of a case where a great man having died from snakebite, and the old women having declared that the sorcery came from a tribe over a hundred miles away, such an embassy was 6ent. 'J'hsy demanded pro gravitate causat three victims, and were satisfied. I must say that I do not beiirve this statement to be true It is no use to argument by induction on this point with a blackfellow. You may tell him that his fathers have alldied before him, and that, therefore, he too must die. The most you will get him to admit is this—Tliey were sick. I am well. I shall not die." The sorcery practised is of various kinds. This ie the most common —"Wild dog blackfellow been take h im out fat." For years I laughed at this, and tried by ridicule to beat down the widespread belief. On oneoccasion a very intelligent Cherite got angry with me. He said we whites understood many things. Wo knew how to make steam engines, fins houses, gardens, fie., but this matter we did not uudsrstand. I was certain from his rnanuer that there was something behind it all which he could not make plain to me. If in ridicule I would aak, " Where is the hole through which the fat was taken out?" th« answer would be, "No;vou no more savey ; him no rnr.ri want hole that one doctor ; him too much savey, no more hole:" I do not laugh at them any ionger. I think I understand them. Rightly or wrongly they believe that by magic arts the victim is thrown into a- decline from which death results. This is, I am confident, the meaning of "take him out fat." I have said rightly or wrongly, for although in such matters I believe nothing which has not been absolutely proved, and which cannot by any scientific reason be accounted fcr, I muss admit that facts have come under by observation which have—well, staggered me. RELIGIOUS BELIEF. They believe in a being superior to themselves, but evil. If ever they- pray to him it is simply to let them alone, 'i'hey would never dream of asking a favour of him. He '"a and always has been their bitter enemy. They have a ritual—asousswhat elaborate one, too. But few, very few of thon;, know the meaning of the riteB they practise. I believe some few do. There seems to be a sort of Freemasonry among them, and an inner circle, few in number, who alone know the ieal meaning of their ceremonies. I believe, too, that these few could, if they wjuld, reveal very ranch about their past history aud traditions. But it is simply impossible to get any information from them. They are bound to secrecy, and I think death is the penalty if they should reveal anything to the uninitiated. I believe they have human sacrifices—that from time to time one man, with his own knowledge and consent, is offered in sacrifice for the good of his people—offered to the evil spirit whom they so fear. This is the leading feature in the great religious ceremony which thej celebrate every few years. They call it "jaboi." In some Becluded place they form a ring just like our circus rings, of about the same diameter, and here young men to be initiated meet at midnight in charge of some of the inner circle mentioned. What there takes place no white man knows. This rite lasts for about three weeks. Of course we have collected many facts relating to this matter, but I do nob consider that our knowledge iB yet concise enough for publication. What seems certain is that they undoubtedly worship, m fear, an evil spirit; that sometimes they sacrifice to him their fellow men. Superstitions they have without number— Mount Brown and the moon and ghosts m the trees. 