A GHOST ON CHRISTMAS EVE. BY E. P. HOE. " I DO not bind you : it would not be right, with uncertainties filling my immediate futurp." The speaker was a broad-shouldered young fellow in the uniform of a lieutenant. His strong clasp on the hand of a fair slight girl rather belied his words, his eyes indicating that he would hold her against the the world if he could. " Do you leave me free that you also may be free 1" faltered Stella Anderson. " No, no, indeed. I am not free nor do I wish to be." " Yet I have exacted no promises from you, Albert." " You have bound me by something better and stronger than promises. You have inspired a love which chains me in the sweetest bondage, yet which has developed within me a finer, truer manhood. To the degree that I come under your power I am free and shielded. I do not fear the temptations of camp and army life—not because I am better than other men, but because your looks, tones—yourself have bound me so securely that I could not think of others nor do anything fwhich would bring disapproval in face if you were present." She smiled slightly as she said, " Yet you are going to leave me free ? " " I can scarcely believe that it is my great goodfortune that I have inspired in you all " " Oh, Albert, Albert, can't you see that all which binds you binds me also ? " And she buried her face upon his breast. " Come," she added, " what need of promises?" If my love and your love bind, 1 am content. If it should ever be otherwise, 1 would not knowingly permit you to keep any promise to me. We have known each other almost from childhood, Albert. Have I been fickle in the friendship that we have at last learned was more than friendsnip ? You need no promise from me, nor shall I exact one from you. I would not lean my head against your heart had I a heart that I could ever give to another." The next day Albert Woodford marched away with his regiment; and Stella began to watch the papers vigilantly for every scrap of intelligence concerning one corps, division, and brigade. Time went on, but the letters which came weekly assured her that all was well. The charm of Stella Anderson was chfefly in her character, and a certain fascination of manner. She was by no means one of the belles of the village. The young fellows, when comparing notes with one another, said, " She has a good face and is a good girl." They never caught her at tattle or in shady flirtations. They found her capable of a ready comradeship, with a frank, laughing scorn of everything verging towards sentimentality. Many a youth would pass an evening at her cottage houie with no stronger feeling than that he had a pleasant time. It was a common remark : " A talk with a girl like Stella does a fellow good. He feels more like pitching into work the next day and making something of himself." Her friends noted that even while she talked to them her hands were busy with some kind of fancy-work that rarely decorated her house, and it was generally understood that the girl was practically supporting herself and eking out her widowed mother's small income. This only increased the respect of the manly fellows and kept the snobs away. In birth, breeding, and intelligence the Andersons beld their own with the best; but worshippers of the golden calf abound in provincial villages as truly as in metropolitan centres. It so happened, however, that one of the wealthiest men in town wa9 her suitor in a quiet way. Mr. Athling was at least ten years her senior, and had been a good deal of a rover in the past. Having seen the world and enjoyed its pleasures to satiety, he now was inclined to settle down to a quiet life and the care of a large landed estate. Stella found him fairly agreeable, but his glances and words never quickened her pulse. Not so with Albert Woodford. With quick intuition she had seen, not sentimentality in his manner, but rather his old friendly regard becoming tinged, almost unconsciously to himself, with a deeper a'nd stronger affection. Then she was surprised to discover how this fact pleased her, and how natural it was to smile back into his eyes her enjoyment of his talk when tliey were alone. With something like dismay they had both begun to learn that their former frank and easy manner in the presence of third parties wa9 becoming difficult. Woodford did not dance with her as often as usual at an evening company. Indeed, he would sometimes be ostentatiously attentive to another girl. This would pique and trouble Stella ; but feminine retaliation was easy. Moreover, sbe would rather have one of her little thumbs put in the mostdiabolicalscrewinvented by ecclesiastical malignity than permit him to know that she was hurt and sad. Others, and especially Mr. Athling, were ready enough to monopolise her if chance was given, and Woodford would escort home some other girl, scarcely hearing what she said in his wretched preoccupation. Thus, little by little, something like estrangmennt had grown between them. Meantime, the bloody torrent of war in the South deepened and broadened. There came another and pressing call for more troop?, and Woodford had been the first; to enlist in the regiment to be recruited in the vicinity. The evening which fallowed this act was dqrk and stormy, and lie resolvtd that he would avail himself of the chance of seeing Stella alone. He could go away without at least re-establishing their old frlelidehip. As he passed up the gravel walk, he saw the young girl bending over her work by the evening lamp. " She certainly does not look any happier than I feel," he muttered, pausing a moment. As he came dripping in and threw off bis waterproof, she gave his liaDd a warm grasp as she said, " Anyone coming to see me on such a night must be a friend indeed." He had found himself strangely tongue-tied, and could make no reply ; but she noted that his hand trembled. He sat down, and a miserable constraint had fallen upon them. Indeed, he addressed his conversation chiefly to Mrs. Anderson. They discussed the weather exhaustively, which was certainly a gloomy topic at the time. Then they branched off on village news, and the old lady remarked, with a sigh : "I hear they are going to raise another regiment." " Yes," replied Woodford, quietly, with his eyes on the daughter : "I enlisted to-day." She lifted startled eyes and a pallid face, and looked at him for an instant in a way which made his heart beat fast. " They cannot spare you at home," expostulated Mrs. Anderson. " Others will have to go now who will be missed far more." The mother had glanced at the daughter, whose head was bowed low over her work, and the eyes of the old lady were not so dim but that they saw the glister of a fallen tear. She said a few words of kindly deprecation and regret, then excused herself on the plea of fatigue. "Stella," began Woodford, when they were alone, and then he hesitated. The bowed head went lower still. " What is the matter Stella 1" he burst out. " I ahgll be the most unhappy fellow in the army if we can't be at least as good friends as we were. We seem drifting apart. If I've done or said anything wrong I ask your forgiveness. You know I didn't care a rap for those other girls. It seems as if I had been acting 1 like a false, unnatural fool " Her work fell from her lap as she sprang up and stood before him with clasped hands and eyes full of entreaty. " Must you go ? " she faltered. « Would you have enlisted if—if " " If what, Stella ? " he asked, bewildered. " If I had not been a false, unnatural fool, too? " " You false ! Impossible." " Well," she admitted, with averted face and a glimmer of a smile, " I cared for the other men quite as much as you for the other girls." " And no more?" he asked, taking her unresisting hand. His glance was so eager and full of the meaning of his heart that it appeared as if his life was in her answer. She looked at him so smilingly and kindly her colour rising even to her brow, that he felt he could not be mistaken. " Ob, Stella ! " he whispered, " can it be possible that you care for me a little as I care for you 1" " A little," she breathed. The literal,, modest fellow, who had never made love before, had felt that he had gained an immense advantage, and, instead of winning from her the full confession of her love as he might have done, proved himself to be, as yet, a very young and cautious soldier. Perhaps a true explanation of his course lay in his consideration for her. He did not belong to that class who would win a girl as they would stakes and appropriate her instantly. He reverenced her pure young girlhood, and felt that it would be but natural that she should yield the priceless gift of herself gradually from the pressure of her own heart, rather than from his urgency. He took her shy admission, " a little," as indicating literally the present condition of her feelings, and hoped that time wonld become his ally. He believed, however, that he could now be perfectly frank u,nd so prevent all further misunderstanding. Leading her to the sofa, he still retained her hand as he explained everything how miserable he had been ; and how at last almost a spirit of recklessness, as well as a sense of duty, had led to his enlistment. As she listened, her mouth had twitched between mirth and sympathy, but when he touched on the grim subject of the war her overstrained nerves gave way, and she began to sob so violently that her mother, in the apartment above, heard her and came hastily down. Poor Woodford was in sore perplexity and embaras&ment;, but his literal straightforwardness came to his rescue. Supporting the head of the sobbing girl on her bosom, Mrs. Anderson looked searchingly and almost sternly at the dismayed young soldier. "I—I have told Stella of—of my love," he'said, in reply to her glance, "and—and she did not repel me. I was explaining the past; and when I came to speak of my enlistment, she—she—well, you see, she is not to blame ; indeed she is not. I would have gone just the same ; I ought to go." " Oh, mother," sobbed the girl, " I can't help feeling that if I had understood him better—if I had been kinder—he would have talked over this matter with me, and I might have made him see his duty differently. So many go who never come back ! " Mrs. Anderson now comprehended the situation, and soon succeeded in quieting the feelings of both the young people. "To-morrow you can talk this matter over quietly," she said. " Stella has lost her self- control, but after a night's rest and thought you will both be ready to do what is right and sensible." The morrow had found Woodford a more devoted lover than ever, but firm in his purpose. " I should lose my self-respect and be for ever unworthy of you, Stella, if I should draw back now," he had urged, and she secretly admired him all the more because he was brave and decided. It did not take them long to reach the condition of affairs described in the opening 1 lines of this story. He was not so demonstrative as many would have been, but his manner impressed her daily with the depth and sincerity of his love, also with its unselfishness. Once he concealed his thought by the laughing remark, " If I come home on crutches, with a patch over one eye, and an empty sleeve or two, I shall never marry you, Stella." She had in like vein replied, " That wouldn't make any difference. If you were in such a condition you couldn't get away, and I could bring a minister and marry you." He had quietly proved inflexible again, and would permit no engagement on her part. But she regarded herself as engaged ; so did her mother and her village friends. Not one but felt instinctively that anyone else in the world would sue in vain. Mr. Athling believed this also,—that is, as long as the letters came regularly from the South; but his life had made him selfish, and he speculated on the chances of the future. Alas! there were many chances in the temporary career chosen by Albert Woodford. He did his duty in a quiet, steadfast way, with no spurts of brilliant daring and with no failures in trying emergencies. He passed through more than one heavy battle unscathed ; aud Stella, who for days almost held her breath, was reassured by a letter which proved that her lover was the same, and felt the same towards her, as at the moment when she had leaned her head against his heart. Soon after, a week passed without a letter ; then a second and a third week passed, and her heart sank into the depths of a great dread. Searching back through the daily journals, she at last found a brief account of an obscure skirmish in Tennessee which closed with the words, " Captain Woodford is missing." Almost at the same hour a delayed letter reached his parents which confirmed the newspaper account. The chaplain had written the meagre information that Woodford had been seen to fall in a wild mountain gorge, and -.hat his men, driven back hastily, had no further knowledge concerning him. The whole region had been evacuated the next day, and there was no doubt that the captain was either dead or in the hands of the enemy. At first Stella seemed as if smitten with a deadly blow. Nothing for days could arouse her from a hopeless state of lethargy. The neighbours thought it strange that Mr. Athling should be the first to break the spell. He believed—shall we say hoped ? — that Woodford would never return. It did not suit him, however, that the girl he loved should die, and he would be scarcely better pleased if she should wait and .»atch in suspense indefinitely. His wealth gave him a chance to play a strong, skilful game, and after a decorous time he called upon Woodford's parents, who were in moderate circumstances, and offered to enter upon a system of exhaustive inquiries. This offer was so on made known to Stella and her mother, and their hearts warmed towards the man who made it. To the innocent gill it seemed a fine example of unselfish and chivalric love, and, rising at last from her bed under the stimulous of hope, she sent for Mr. Athling. He was shocked at the change in her appearance, but reasoned that Time, the healer of wounds and soother of poignant memories, would be his ally, He veiled all hopes, however, under the deepest and most respectful sympathy, and promised to do all in his power. He was much too shrewd a man, and scarcely unscrupulous enough not to keep his word. " I shall write letters," he said, "in connection with Captain Woodford's father,—to all who may give us any light, but I shall not be content with such action. The telegraph is a far quicker and surer means of gaining intelligence. If you wish, I will come and report occasionally what I hear, and you too, may be able to make suggestions." "Oh, yes; come often. One glint of hope—the chance to do something—will give me the power to live," Siella replied. " Do not hesitate to spend money when there is a single chance God will reward you, and I will regard the expense as a lifelong debt of honour, and will deny myself everything to repay you." " You repay me with money, Miss Anderson I " Sbe felt the chill of a presentiment, and was silent. He partly surmised her feeling, and added gravely, " I think Captain Woodford would have done as much for another had he been as unfortunate as myself." This tribute to her lover touched her very soul, and she began to credit Mr. Athling with the most chivalric motives. Since success was slow to crown the many and expensive efforts, what followed was almost inevitable. His visits increased at the cottage, and Stella grew more and more grateful as she saw that he hesitated at no expense and trouble. She, meantime, was making an almost hopeless effort with her crotchet-needles to regain lost time. His manner towards her was adroit in the last degree. He always treated her gravely, quietly, and with the utmost respect. Yet at times his tones were almost authoritative, as he bade her go out for air and exercise. Once he took her work gently from her hands, but his face was almost stern as he said,—" It would be no kindness even to raise Captain Woodford from the dead only to learn that you had committed suicide. You work all day and much of the night; and you are too intelligent not to know the result." " It is necessary," she faltered. " It is not necessary. I am not spending half my income " "Indeed, indeed, ere could not add that obligation to others already growing so heavy." And Mrs. Anderson echoed the protest. " Well," he replied, gravely, M I would spare your feelings in every way possible. As far as I am concerned, I have a right to spend my money in the way that gives me the most satisfaction. You can give me a mortgage on your place, if that will quiet your scruples. I can destroy all record of it when I wish. I am a plain man of affairs, Miss Anderson, and naturally think that the captain won't thank me for aiding in rescuing him while I let you kill yourself under my eyes. If Woodford comes back he will probably be a sick or wounded man. You certainly are in no condition now to help take care of such a man." " Mr. Athling is talking sense," said Mrs. Anderson. " I am already more worried about you than about anyone else." " I suppose I am becoming a shadow," said the young girl, sadly,: " 1 feel like one." " Well, my dear," I have some claims on you as well as Captain Woodford," complained her mother. " You know as well as t that we could not bring ourselves to ask for help, even in the worst extremity, yet, since Mr. Athling urges, from his abundance, a small loan upon us to tide us over this crisis in our lives " " I will do what you think best, mother," said the girl, humbly. Perhaps I've been selfishly absorbed in my sorrow." " There, now you are very sensible," resumed Mr. Athling. " I'd rather not take a mortgage, and don't care for any. I think I can give you more assurance this evening also. The corps in which was Woodford's regiment is reoccupying the region where he was last seen. I shall telegraph the colonel in the morning to have that gorge and the houses in the vicinity searched thoroughly, no matter what the cost may be. There are men in the regiment who know the spot." The girl's eyes were aglow with excitement, her cheeks smitten with a sudden fever, as she sprang up and gave him both her hands, exclaiming—" Truly this is " The flush deepened, and then her face became very pale. " Words fail me in thanks," she said, brokenly. Again lie spoke gently, but with keen hard sense in his words. Tbey had a deeper meaning also, which she faintly detected. " Please permit me, as your mother has said, to aid you through this crisis in your lives. I have gone so far that I think that I have at least a right to ask that everything be not jeopardised through a foolish disregard of the laws of health— indeed, I may add, of life. I am honestly doing all I can, and you know it. I believe Captain Woodford always faced duty at his end of the line : we must do the same at ours." " Yes," she replied, with a quick catching of her breath, then burst out, " Oh, that I could go and look for him myself! " ''Stella ! " began her mother reproachfully. " Oh, I know how useless and wrong are such feelings. I am wronging you also, Mr, Athling, for I truly believe you are doing your best." «' I am," was the firm answer. " Then I will—I can do nothing more to-night. I will rest and try to grow strong, for I may have to face more than falls to the lot of most women." And she hastily kissed her mother and gave her hand to Mr. Athling, who followed her with his inscrutable eyes till she was gone. As lie turned, he found Mrs. Anderson looking at him questioningly. After a moment she asked hesitatingly, " Do you ever think Captain Woodford will come home ? I mean, do you think he is living 1" He shook his head. " I can't see how it will all end." And she sighed deeply. " None of us can see how it will end," he replied quietly. " We can only take step by step according to circumstances. I must supply your need now, or Stella will land herself in invalidism or worse." Mr. Athling, I don't see how I can repay you. Our income is very small, and is growing smaller." And the old lady's voice was troubled indeed. " Mrs. Anderson, you believe, with your daughter, that I am doing all I can ? " " How could I believe otherwise ? " " Suppose Captain Woodford never returns?' " We should be hopelessly in your debt." " Not hopelessly I trust. Can I speak with you confidentially for your and your daughter's good ? " " You truly have proved too good a friend for me to deny that. But, Mr. Athling, I cannot permit you to cherish hopes which may disappoint. Stella is so constant—I fear " " Mrs. Anderson, I take my chances, knowing all. I am doing my best, and shall do my best. I am having the Southern prisons searched as far as possible. If I could marry Stella to-day I would not do it, for then she would fear his return, and she now hopes for it. Either fear or hope would destroy her happiness, and therefore her health and power of accepting life under new conditions. When her hope dies (and I shall give time for it to periBh utterly), she may sink into apathy ; but it cannot last. We can't stop, we must go on in this world, no matter what happens. You can do more to arouse her from this apathy than anyone else. It would not be a bad thing if you became somewhat feeble and ailing,—nothing serious, you know, but sufficiently indisposed to divert her mind from her own troubles. It is stupid to let things take their course blindly. It is often wiser and kinder to save people from themselves. By a little judicious management Stella may be eventually a contented and a loving wife, and you utterly free from care in your old age. Reverse the picture. If Woodford it dead, what good would it do anyone lor Stella to grieve herself to death and you to be left alone ?" Mrs. Anderson was not proof against such logic. From that hour she became the discreet ally of Athling, ready to accept Woodford if he returned, it is true, but giving more and more conscious thought to what she regarded as a very possible and very much better future. She could scarcely be blamed, for the old are conservative. They have learned how much depends on daily comfort. When poor Stella reached her room she threw herself on her bed and murmured, " That man is driving me to a point from which I cannot escape. I was about to tell him that his course was chivalry itself, but I feel in my soul it is not. He will crush me with his hard practical sense and the complications into which he is leading us. If Albert never comes back, I shall stand face to face with Mr. Athling and ray obligations lo him ; mother will be beside me, telling me by her glance that the rich man is the only refuge for us both. What's more, I could scarcely blame him. His search has been so open and above suspicion that even Mr. and Mrs. Woodford believe in it thoroughly. If I should die, both mother and he would think it the pure selfishness of grief. He has given me a new hope to-night; and yet thought shows me how little hope there is. Months have passed since he fell and has been seen no more by any who knew him. 1 feel that Mr. Athling is only trying to satisfy me and has himself no belief, perhaps no wish, for Albert's return. The very thought makes me shudder and shrink from him. Oh, how can I ever marry him ?—how can I let him take me in his arms when I belong, body and soul, to another ? " And the girl sobbed till she slept from exhaustion. Having received a hint, her intuition leaped the whole length of Athling's scheme. But, as he had said, Blie had to go on, no matter what happened. (To be continued.) 