THE MERCANTILE BANK PROSECUTIONS. PROCEEDINGS IN THE POLICE COURT. The preliminary stage of the impending Mercantile Bank trial was reached yesterday, when those officers of the bank charged with the issue of a false balance-sheet were pre- sented on criminal summons before the City Court. It had been thoroughly understood beforehand that the proceedings were to be purely formal—a mere application on the part of the Crown for a remand, unopposed by counsel for the defence, and instantly granted. Five minutes at most would settle the whole business, and for that period of time only would the defendants have to brave the offensive curiosity of police court frequenters. The defendants would be in court and out of it again before they could realise the indignity of being associated with the drunkards, the vagrants, and the other flotsam and jetsam of the street, whose names figured on the charge-sheet side by side with those of erstwhile leading public men. So far as the actual proceedings were con- cerned this was precisely what happened. But an accidental delay on the part of the Crown solicitor made it necessary that the accused should occupy the unpleasant pillory of tile court for a much longer time than had been imagined. At 10 o'clock precisely the case was called on, and the defendants were all in their places and ready to proceed. In the front bench, sustaining, as it were, the first shock of judicia! scrutiny, was the close rank of coun- sel for the defence. Further back, and almost lost in the crowd of friends and spectators, sat Mr. T. B. Muntz and Sir Matthew Davies, the latter supported by two of his brothers, and in the background, at the very furthest extremity of the court, were Mr. Ellis, Mr. Richardson, and Mr. Anderson. The other defendant, Mr. James Bell, M.L.C., sat apart. But at 10 o'clock no representative of the Crown had ap- peared, and there was nothing for it but to go on with the ordinary business. For the bulk of the audience the monotonous "Were you drunk?" " Yes." "Number 4, y'r worship, pleads guilty," and the regular procession of ragged coats and draggled finery, had little or no interest. Popular concern was strictly limited to the de- fendants, who were only to be distinguished from the throng by the amused interest with which they watched the unfamiliar scene being enacted around them. To all appear- ance they were the least concerned of anyone in court with the affairs of the Mercantile Bank. No solicitor's clerk stretching his legs beneath the benches with all the ease of long usage could have looked more utterly at ease. There was not a sign, not the quiver of a muscle, not the ghost of an anxious look, to indicate that they were the accused in a criminal pro- secution such as the colony has never yet seen, and, it is to be hoped, will never see again. The Crown solicitor at length entered the court, and simultaneously Mr. Panton, P.M., took his seat on the bench, and the real business of the day began. " Answer to your names," says the usher, and counsel pop up one by one to announce that "with your worship's per- mission " they appear for Sir Matthew Davies, or for Mr. Bell, and so on, and so on. The defendants themselves, with one exception, ignored the instruction of the usher to "stand up when your name is called," but the Bench took no notice of the omission, and the Crown solicitor at once began his address. Mr. Guinness had but little to say. It was necessary, he urged, to ask for a remand for six weeks, until Mr. Mil- lidge arrived, and when the counsel for the defence vociferated "two months" with one accord, the presiding magistrate took his cue from them, and the adjournment until March 8 was decided upon in a minute. The question of bail was given up by the Crown in precisely the same manner, and in less than five minutes from the opening of the case the whole thing was over for another two months. THE FORMAL PROCEEDINGS. Sir Matthew Henry Davies, William Ander- son, James Bell, M.L.C., and Thomas B. Muntz, directors; Christopher W. Ellis and Charles J. Richardson, auditors, of the Mer- cantile Bank, appeared before the City Court yesterday on a criminal summons charging them with issuing a false statement of account and a false balance sheet with intent to defraud the creditors of the bank The Bummons 'which was issued in con forant} with the second schedule of the Justices Act, read as follows - William Francis Ducker, informant; Christopher W. Ellis, of Melbourne, account- ant; Charles J. Richardson, of Melbourne, accountant; Matthew Henry Davies, knight, of Melbourne, gentleman; William Ander- son, of Melbourne, gentleman; James Bell, of Melbourne, member of the Legislative Council of the colony of Victoria, and Thomas B. Muntz, of Melbourne, civil engineer, defendants. J he mformation of William Francis Ducker, of Auburn, in the colons of Via tona, who saith that the abovenamed Christopher W. Ellis, Charles J. Richardson, Matthew Henry Davies, William Ander- son, James Bell, and Thomas B. Muntz, being oflicers of a certain body corporate known as the Mercantile Bank of Australia Limited at Melbourne in the said bailiwick, on the first day ot 1 ebruary 1892, did un lawfully make and concur in making a ccr tain written statement and account called directors report, for the half v car ending first 3n> ot Tebruary 1892 and balance sheet on the first of Tebruarj, 1892, then well knowing »lie said written statement to be false, with intent to defraud certain persons to the informant unknown, being creditors of the jaid body corporate W. F. DUCKER, Informant. To Christopher W. Ellis, of Melbourne, accountant; Charles J. Richardson, of Mel- bourne, accountant; Matthew Henry Davies, Kt., of Melbourne, gentleman; William Anderson; James Bell, of Melbourne, mem- ber of the Legislative Council; and Thomas B. Muntz, of Melbourne, civil engineer, Whereas the above information has this doy been laid and Bworn by the abovenomed William Francis Ducker before me, one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace in mid for the Central bailiwick of the said colony. These ore therefore to command you in Her Majesty's name to be and appear on the 11th day of January, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, nt the hour of 10 o'clock in the forenoon, ut the Court of Petty Sessions at Melbourne, in the said colony, before such justice or justices of the peace as are then there, to answer to the said information, and to be further dealt with according to law. Dated at Melbourne the 6th day of January, 1893. C. H. NICOLSON, P.M. The Bench consisted of the following mem- bers:—Mr. Panton, P.M. (chairman), Cap- tain Russell, P.M., and Messrs. G. Craib, R. Cherry, Hy. Berry, J. Sykes, Thos. Evans, H. C. Letham, A. Lancashire, R. W. E. Hooke, and W. D. Garside, J.P.'s. Mr. Guinness, the Crown solicitor, repre- sented the Crown. Mr. Theodore Fink ap- peared for Sir Matthew Davies, Mr. J. C. Stewart for Mr. Bell, Mr. D. H. Herald for Mr. Muntz, Mr. Maxwell for Mr. Anderson, Mr. Gardner for Mr. Ellis, and Mr. A. M. Williams for Mr. Richardson. Mr. Guinness, in opening the proceedings said:—I have an application to make that the hearing may be postponed until a day to be fixed Another of the defendants is not here —I refer to the manager, Mr. Millidge—but we have had a telegram from the London police intimating that an application for his extra lition has been made, and that he lins been allowed to come out without formality by the Himalaya which left on the Oth and is expected to arrive hero in about 30 du) a from London I am appl)ing now that' the taking of evidence may be postponed for six weeks in the ev ent of there being no objection Mr. J. C. Stewart. - For two months Mr. Guinness -It will take some time to get up the evidence, and it will be impossible to go on unless Mr Millidge is present as it will be necessary to take all the evidence at once Mr. Panton -The 8th of March, then. Mr. Guiness -On the question of bail Counsel for the Defence.-Oh, oh Mr. Guinness - I ord) want you to do what is usual. The Attorney-General dock not want anything out of the usual course. Mr. Panton.-They are appearing on summons. Mr. Guinness. - I will leave it to the Bench. Mr. Panton.-If there is any idea that any of the defendants are likely to abscond an information may be laid. Mr. Guinness.-The Attorney-General only desires that the usual procedure Bhould be followed. The further hearing ot the case was then formally adjourned until March 8, and the defendants left the court. 