PERSONAL Mrs. Clara Parkor has completed tho round of the law courts. Her latest appropriation is a rule nisi. Unusual. Mr. John C. C. Sohild, Footsoray, has just celebrated his silver wedding with his third wife. Cardinal Moran is desoribed by the London Standard as Archbishop of Melbourne. What will our Sydney friends say ? Mr, John Fielden, of Dobroyd castle, Torl- morden, Yorkshire, the senior member of one of the largest cotton firms in tho world, died on 4th July. Tho true Ulster Iogoud may bo summed up in the words of an eminent member of Mr. Glad stone's present Cabinet— "If all Ireland were Ulster thero would bo no Irish question." Lord Gormanston is not on utter stranger to Tasmania. He spent three weeks in tlratcolony in 1876, and has a most pleasant remembrance both of its beauty and of the capital fishing he enjoyed there. Judge Oasey lays down a canon of criminal law that offonces notably rife must be sovercly dealt with, and then lets off a glaring offcudor with 12 montliB imprisonment. But to hint at judioial inoonsistenoy would bo temxiting com mittal for contempt. Cornelius Horz, one of the control figures of tho Panama scaudal, has proved that ho was not "shammtug Abraham" in his rotiont at Bournemouth to avoid arroBt, by quietly giving up tho ghost. He pnsses before another tribunal than tho French court of iuquiry.| The King of Denmark, accompanied by Major- General Ellis, rcoontly visited the Imperial Institute and inspeoted the collections from India and the oolonies He was much in terested in the display of frozen meat, dairy produoe and fruit from the Australian colonies. Where was L. L. 2 Mr. Maarten Maartens, the celebrated Dutch novelist, is at present on a visit to England. Mr. Douglas Sladen, (Ib this our Douglas ?) tho bon. secretary of the Authors' Club, drawB special attention to the foot that Mr. Mmirtens lias written his novels in English in order to com mand the widest possible oirolo of readers. Mr. Maarten Maartens, or, to givo him his real name, Mr. Vanderpoorten Sohwarz, speaks tlio most perfeot English. Max O'Rell, who is delivering a series of lectures at the Capo, has said Bome very kiud things about_ Australia to his interviewers. He states that in his opinion the financial olouds whioh now darken the colonial horizon wero of a very fleoting charaoter, and the undeveloped resourees of Australia and Now Zealand wero immense. What tho oountry required was an influx of hardy, industrious and self-reliant immigrants. The Agents-General for Australia were a littio sore that they wero not recognised during the royal wedding fostivitios, and thoy did not illuminate, tho only exhibition of oolonial loyalty being outside tho offices of South Afrioa. But on the other hand the Victorian Horse Artillery were very much in evidence during the royal precessions, and had tho honor of forming portion of the Queen's escort. They looked and rode remarkably well and came in for no small share of attention and applause. Tho prevalence of blaok ties and dark coats, in token of respeot to Admiral Tryon and the brave follows who wont down with him in tha Victoria, has beon very notiooable in the House of CommonB since the nows of the disaster was received. Nearly all the members of tho two front benches have oxohanged their aolored neckties for mourning, and the satno signs of sympathy havo been common on the back benohes. Many even of the whito " toppers " have been bound round with a blnck band. Mr. Gladstono's unrivallod powers as a oasuist havoalways been recognised. Whcnnyoung man Maonulay said of him " He is plausible whon most in error. AVlien it suits himself or his party he oan apply himself with tho striotest olosonoss to the real point at issue ; when to evado tho point is doomed most politic, no man oan wandor from it more widely." And Lord Mnimesbury tell tho following story:— "But Garibaldi is married ; tho lady cannot havo him ; be has a wife." Lord Palmerston : "She does not matter. We will get Glndstono to explain her away." Baron Nathaniel do Rothschild, who some weeks ogo made over a castle and park near Reiohenau, worth 5,000,000 florins, to tho trustees of the Hospital for Consumption, has beon obliged to withdraw his generous gift in consequenoe of the objeotiona raised against it by the Burgomaster, the townspeople and tho - visitors of Reionenau. The Baron has therefore agreed to tha starting of a lottery, with the oastle and park as tho one great prize. Tho proceeds will be given to the trustoes of the hospital. Tho failing whioh my Unolo Toby frankly confessed was prevalent among his comrades of the army in Flanders is, it is alleged, disgrace fully common among the population of Lanca shire, who get their living underground. It is suggested that the energies of reformers might, with advantage, be direoted to abato the nuis- anoo of the dreadful language used by the miners, whioh scorns to be worse in Lancashire than in any other county. In somo of tho mines the language used by the . "drawers," who are genorally young men from 18 to 25 years of age, is desoribed as " simply a Babel of oaths. " The insecurity of Mr. Gladstone's tenure of his sent in Midlothian has inducedsome of his Welsh friends to consider whethor they cannot provide him with some means of retreat. It is taken for grantod that Mr. Stuart Rondel nt the end of the present Parliament will be elevated to tho peerage in consideration of the great per sonal servioeB lie bas rendered to the Premier, and there is an idea afloat in Welsh Rndioal eiroies that it will be a politio thing, in view of the position of tho Welsh disestablishment question, to invito tbo Premier to stand for Montgomeryshire in Mr. Rondel's place. The into Sir Riobard Owen, tbo eminent soientist, once paid a visit to Mr. Gladstone at Hawardon. The host walked about the grounds with his guest, tho Inttor wearing a smart pair of lavender gloves. Full of his favorite subject, Owen suddenly stooped and picked up an un sightly oreatmc (it was either a toad or an un cleanly frog), and the nauseous creaturo ho laid on tho palm of his lavender glove ! Mr. Gladstone's impressions of his guest wero that seldom, if ovor, had any man of soienco left on his mind suoh an impression of genius — " not talent merely, hut genius." Lord Hersohell, presiding at'.the annual dinner of tho Newspaper Press Fund, paid a high tri bute to the worth of the English press. No doubt in the foreign press there wore literary productions of great value ; but they wero not often combined with tho extensivo and acenrato news whioh was tho glory of English journalism. Perhaps in a somowhat active imagination wo fell behind the journalists on the other side of the Atlantic. He remembered when lie was in tho States rending a telographio despatch (and : of oourse everybody believed telegrams) stating that in a oertain plaoe two pigs had swallowed some dynamite eaitridges, and then strayed near a cabin where there was a donkoy. The donkey kioked one of the pigs, with the result that tho pig and the donkey and the cabin wore blown to atomB. The despatch added that the other pig was Btill at large, and that the people wero leaving the neighborhood- 