CHAPTER XIII.—Face to Face with this Awful Past. iNot only did Wall nr d believe himself to.' be n detootivo of the first water, but in talk? jng to hia especial friend, Lord --the impeounious boh of a noble liouso— ho gave himfielf all the airH of one. “Now, you will Bee, ” ho would say, “that this will turn out precisely as I predict.” To give him his duo, it somotimes did, for the man really possessed a considerable knowledge of human nature, especially femalo human naturo. But although on that evening, when ho turned his glasses upon Captain Gregory’s box, ho lookod mostly at Winnio herself and her beautiful young daughtor, the husband did not csoapo his notice and study. “ Soft,5’ ho remarked to himsolf, “ a man that, if I dosiro to, I can twist round my fingor, or mould into any shape I choose.” It was because ho thought ho had need of Grogory that ho was now hioing northward to Berwick. Most men, having found Winnio’s address, would havo tumod up thoro and taken ohanco of winning Rosie’s hoart. Yos, it was poor Rose whom Wallard now intended to mako his quarry. Talk of love at first eight, well, here was an instance of it,. In one moment 'Wallard had trans ferred all his lovo—if real lovo can oxiat in 1 the breast of such a man as this—which ho once had bomo for tho mother to the daughtor. She had all her mother’s beauty, her mother’s hair and oyos, and all her mother’s winsome ways, and she was young, an opening bud, liko a rOBo in its pristino bloom and color, ere tho sun has stolon its oharming tints. What chanco had ho with so young and innocent a child as this ? Ho did not hosi tato to ask himself this question. You will hato him when I toll you ho askod tho ques- 1 tion before his mirror. “ Chance enough,” < ho conceitedly replied, smiling at hia re- ; ilootion. “Thoro isn’t a grey hair yet in ] those temples nor in that beard. Thoro is not tho ghost of a wrinklo around those eyes. 1 I havo lived a healthful life, nor havo I ever frittered myself away. See how dear my 1 eyes are, how smooth and white my brow. I ► know woman’s heart thoroughly, and be- 3 sides all—I have mono}', not to call it < wealth.” That was Wallard’s verdict of himsolf. f Tho Scottish Chieftain made a splendid i passaeo to Lorwiok, and almost tho first i question Wallard asked when ho had got on ( shore was : “ Has tho Arctic Queen como in i yet ?” ( “ No,’5 wa9 tho roply, “ but she is ex- 1 pootod hero evory day.” c “ She won’t stay hero long, I supposo ?” i " Only a day,” cried tho landlord, then ho 1 winked. 41 You see, sir,” ho added, by way of explaining his wink, “ the skipper got f married last fall, and he’ll crack on home to i his wife you may be sure. And they say she I is a full ship this time.” And sure - enough next afternoon the 1 Arotio Queen sailed into tho great harbor or t land-locked salt wator lake in front of tho queer quaint town of Lerwick. i Almost immediately after she had dropped ^ anchor and olued sails, boats were anon- ahov- 1 ing off from tho vessel, filled with brawny Shotlanders, with their bags aud thoir boxes. % Their friends were on tho beach to await 0 their coming, and such a seono of affootionato \ greeting, when they did land, Wallard had C never witnessed before. Wives, sisters, and f groy-hairod mothers and fathers all struggled and fought for thoir boys’ embraces, and the * babble of strange tongues, the laughing and i cheering wore something to bo heard and re membered for ever. Impelled by the arms of the Bturdy Scots I there next came the Oaptain’B own whaler. ^ Gregory looked grand, Wallard could not I help thinking so. In evening dress he had * .been, a .failure,^ but hftrA- »*» .1 seaman and a man. * He went straight towards the hotel, where 1 ho was mot by many of hia Sbotland friends and acquaintances, and every hand was stretohed out to grasp his. . “ Bravo, the Arotio Quoon.” “ Full up again, Gregory ?” ( “ Tho luckiest ship that goes to the oountry.” “ Tho luckiest skipper, too !” fl “ Not a bit of it, put in tho landlord, j “ Captain Thomas Grogory has a head upon g his shoulders, that’s it, neighbors. ^ But j I say, skipper, what stay aro you going to r mako P” ^ “ Bo off to-morrow, Mr B,” I “ Ah 1 but you’ll lot tho boys como on i shore to enjoy themsolves and buy some ] I pretty mits for thoir sweethearts, you can’t , refuse thorn that, surely, since you’ve been , so lucky ?” “ No, I supposo I musn’t,” said Grogory, , laughing. ] “ Thoro aro lots of lotters for you in tho . coffeo room.” I “ Well, I’ll go and got them. I hope all’s ( well at homo. By-byo, boys, seo you all > later on.” Wallard in the back-ground bad been -listening to this conversation. Ho now quiotly followed Gregory into tho room, and , took up a papor. Tho honest sailor road his lotters from , homo, and many a smile of joy stole over hia countenance as ho did so. “ All well and happy,” ho said aloud j at last. “Thank tho Lord of Heaven for It was a very fervent ojaoulation, and onded with a sigh of intense relief. Then ho lookod round aud not iced Wallard. “Why” ho said, laughing. “I really thought I was all alone.” “ Nover mind mo, Captain,” said Wallard. “ But permit mo to congratulate you on tho fact that your lotters havo given you ploasuro.” “ Ah ! yes, I’m in luck this voyago. ^ So different from last. Walter, bring mo a little whisky and soda.” “ May I join you, Bir, in a drink?” “ You’re very good, Mr—a—” “Wallard is my namo.” “And I'm Tom Gregory—plain Tom Gregory.” “ Pleased to meet you, I’m sure.” Tho two men shook hands with a certain degreo of heartiness. • “Now,” said Wallard, when the drinks woro brought, *' is there anything I oan toll you? For I auppoBO you haven’t had news for many a day; hut let me say, to begin with, that tho Conservative Government is still in power, that the grand old “ Fiddlestiok !” interrupted Gregory. “Well, the grand old fiddlestiok is alive and hearty, that tho Irish question remains | . unsettled, and that we haven’t como to war with Frunco over Egypt yet.” “Bravo 1 Sir, I’m pleased to have met ; ^ “ And I to have mot yoa, Captain Grogory. Will yoa dine with mo hero to-night 1^ I L daresay tho viands we shall get will not rival j those of Holmonico or tho Cri., but say you r accept, and I’ll give tho ordor, and try to Btir tho old folks up.” I “0, with pleasure, I’m Bure.” i “ And,” said Wallard, “I shall tell you all you want to know about our dear old i country, and yon oan give mo information 1 about seal hunting, bear stalking, and all the . wild sports of the far North.” “ That I oan. I am au old ice-man, and, though I say it myself, what I don’t know . about Greenland, north and west—well, isn’t worth making a note of. Aro you fond of j Bport, Mr Wallard?” 1 Passionately so. In faot, Captain a Grogory, I’m rather an idle fellow. I had i tho good, or bad, fortune some years ago to t be left what is called a thumping legaoy, and 0 I the gave up sea-life as a profession.” V What l llo I apeak to a brothor sailor V* “ I have been a seafarer for many years, a if not a sailor. Entered as a humble clerk, and roso to bo a humble purser.” , “ You’re a sailor, and that’s enough for me. Tip me your flipper again, and exouse my broken English. You’ve been a seafarer. ;I But how could you havo given it up “ Oh, I did not quite give up tho sea. In e fact, sinco thia legacy was loft mo, I have visited every land on earth whose shores are \- lapped by blue water. And I’m not sure that I shan't bake a passage next season in a sealer to Greenland, just for the sake of ■u Well, look here, sir, you’re a man of the world, I can see ; and if you care to take a trip up north, with your gun, lot mo know. My barque isn’t big, but I’ll make room for , The dinner passed off to Wellard's com plete satisfaction, and before Gregory and he parted for tho night, Wallard had secured a passage back to Scotland on board the Arctic Queen. This was precisely what'he wanted. Tho winds were contrary at times, and at times there was no wind at all, so-the voyage was quite a long ono. But Wallard made himself tho lifo and joy of^tho ship; ho was soon beloved fore and “Howl should have been fretting and fuming now,” said tho good skipper, “if you had not boon on board. I toll you what it is, Mr Wallard, Providence must have sentyou.” “ What a capital aotor I should havo made !” thought Wallard. But a fair wind came at last, and tho good barque spread her wings and flow before it. [ “I dare say,” said Wallard, on tho last morning, “ thore aro plonty of trains south ?” “Lookbore, Mr Wallard, if you talk about running off south for two or three wookfl to como I shall make you strict prisoner in my bungalow and clap a sentry at.your door armed with a harpoon gun. i Wallard laughed. “ Don’t forgot,” ho said, ,4 that you havo a wifo to please. Ludioa don’t lovo mo, Gregory.” “Como, come,”said tho innocent skippor, “that’s past a joke. You don’t know Winnio” “Don’tI, though,” thought Wallard. “ She’ll welcomo you for my sake.” “ She’s welcomed mo for my own ore now,” Wallard said to his heart. “And littlo Roso. Tho Roso of Allnn dalo. Why bother mo. 1 hadn’t thought ofhor. Nothing more unlikely than that you should fall in love with hor, and sho with you. Ho, ha, ha. Just my joke, Wallard. Howovor, homo youooino with mo, and we’ll have somo fun, you bofc.” Winnio was among tho first to come on board. Sho rushed into her husband's arms. Sho was in tears with very joy. Then oamo Roso and fondled her stepfather, not loss earnestly, if a little more shyly. “ 0, by the way, Winnie, at Lerwick I got acquainted with such a dear good handsome fellow, a sailor, too. I want hitn to stay for a few weeks with us. I know you'll wol oomo him for your husband’s sake. And you mu3tBing to him sometimes, Roso. My eyes,, darling, how bonnio you look! Come and kies your daddy once again. But where on earth has Wallard disappeared to? Below is ha, stoward? How pale you are, Winnie ! No fainting fit again, I hope.” ' Winnio staggorod a littlo, and would have fallen, but for Wallard himself who, on his name being montionod, rushed up tho com panion. And now he held Winnie in his arms, Winnie fainting, prostrate. Ho rejoicing triumphant. It was a strange situation. Melodramatic in a measure, though it had been none of Wallard’a seeking, and certainly not what ho had expected. But hero was the poor writhing victim, poworlees as it woro in the talons of tho raor oileas porseoutor. His hated breath was on her brow, his face was close to hers, whilo Grogory, distracted, had hurried away to fetoh wator. “Dissemble a little,whispered \Vallard. “You must. Ho knows nothing, positively nothing.” “ Leave mo now,” she gasped. She Bat in a deck chair, ereob but pale. Roso in tears was kneeling at her feet. Wallard with folded armB, himself a littlo pale, now stood behind tho ohair, his eyes riveted in ill-disguised admiration upon SinufesHVinme'8ffilecl'ahcl''Beomou~ncr"own‘' happy self again. Seemed ? Yes, sho was dissembling. Sho must, ub Wallard had said. God give hor strength. She was faoo to face once more with the awful past. 