THE LADY. T ? -*. ? A NEW DRAMATIC EXPERI MENT. A Talk with Miss Janet AcnucH and her Husband. Miss Janet A church and her hus band, Mr. Charrington, are trying a 'bold experiment, at the Royalty The atre. They propose to substitute for the English system of long runs a number of old and new plays — at least two a week, which will be acted turn and turn about. They started their venture last Saturday with 'Alexandra,' a play adapted from the German of Dr. Richard Vops, to be followed two or three weeks later by a comedy of Brandon Thomas, en titled ' Clever Alice.' ' I found both Mr. and Mrs. Char rington at home,' writes a represent ative of the Pall Mall Gazette, ' and though both had been rehearsing hard the whole day, they were quite ready to talk of the new play which is at present occupying their whole atten tion. Before plunging ix mediae res, I could not lWsfc a few preliminary questions upon Ibsen.' ' Our first introduction to the great Scandinavian master,' said Mr. Char rington, ' was the perusal of that much discussed play ' Ghosts,' which my wife translated to me from the German — I being unacquainted with that language. We had fully intend ed producing this play first, and we had offered the part of Manders to Hermann Yezin ; this, however, fell through, as did also a performance of * An Enemy of the People.' We final ly hit upon ' A Doll's House,' because the part of Nora was special ]y adapted to my wife, and she was strongly urged by her friends to undertake the role.' ' Yes, ' chimed in Mrs. Charrington enthusiastically, 'I have always loved the role of Nora, but it is not the only character of Ibsen I have studied. I was encouraged by the kind ap preciation of the public to take up some of his other parts I liave for some time been occupied with the ' Lady of the Sea ' and ' Brandt.' We hope to give scenes from this latter play during the com ing seasou.' Here Mr. Charrington interposed. *'I am anxious,' he remarked, ''o have it clearly understood that we do not in any way intend to confine our selves to performances of Ibsen plays. . ' And now about the play you pro duced on Saturday — ' Alexandra ' ? In the first place,' I said, ' I should like to know something more of the author, Dr. Richard Vbss.' — ' He is a remarkable man,' said Mr. Char rington. ' He is already well known by his writings in Austria and in Italy, where he has taken a front place in the ranks of literature. Irving has already in his hands one of his plays, entitled ' *ehuldig,' and another play, still better known, though I am not at liberty to mention the title just now, will probably be performed in one of the Lond n theatres before very long. Both my wife and I felt it was high time he should be introduced to the English public, and we are glad to be the first to represent him before a London audience. The play has been adapted by a well- known writer, who wishes for the present to keep the matter a secret. We do not know how long this will be possible. '*It is somewhat difficult,' she con tinued, ' to give an adequate idea of the play. In a few words I will try and tell you the story. It may be really said to deal with the problem of the ' fille-mere.' The heroine, seven years before the action of the play begins, has been seduced. When her child is born she is assailed by the temptation to kill it. The child, however, dies naturally; but Alexen dra, feeling that in intention she had been guilty of murder, dazed by mis ery, gives herself up to justice, and is condemned to seven years' penal servitude. The play opens on the day when she comes out into the world ance more. Shortly after she meets her old lover, from whom she had previously concealed the birth of their child, and from whom she still hides her guilty intentions, as well as the story of her prison life. He offers to make her the only reparation in his power, nnd takes her to his mother (a powerfully conceived character, acted by Mrs. Theodore Wright.) She receives Alexandra as a daughter, and the marriage is announced. ' Now comes the dramatic interest of the play. Till then the heroine has been absorbed by a desire for revenge, but she soon learns to love the man and to feel that her happiness depends upon him. The secret of her sentence for child murder is betrayed by a servant of the family, and the mother is unable to sacrifice any further laws of con vention to save the woman she has hitherto sheltered. Here Mrs. Charrington, unable to keep any longer to the bare outline of the story, seized a copy of the play and read out a. portion of the last FOR FASHION NOTES SEE PAGE 19. scene— a wonderfully thrilling one, in. which a hypothetical case is put before the lover, who, knowing noth ing, sides with his mother in condem ning the woman, little suspecting t,hat he is ringing the death-knell of the woman he has learnt to love pas sionately. The end is so unconven tional that it will probably be the subject of much discussion to those who are inured to death-scene hor rors. 