THE "TIMES" NEWSPAPER ' INSIDE PRINTING HOUSE SQUARE. ( There is a very interesting article by Mr. Edmund Vincent in the English Ittuslraled Magazine for September, from which we are very glad to be able to take the following quotations. Mr. Vincent Bays:— : Accompany me then, ab eii in the evening to the door in Printing Bouse Square. Remain without in the flesh, but let your disembodied spirit pass through the folding doors; the men behind the railings on the rightwill not notice your ghost, but you may notice that they sit at the receipt of telegrams and of envelopes, and that no man bearing the printed envelope of the paper goes away unrewarded. "Sou will notice, too, that the night printers are dropping in one after another, for the great engine is awaking out of her half-sleep of the day. THE COMPOSING BOOM. Glide unsubstantially to the right and you shall pass through a lofty room, a "wilderness - of iron tables and type, to the foot of a spiral staircase of iron, ascending •which you shall become aware of a warm smell of oil and of a rattling crashing sound from a composing room. Look down its length, and the impression produced on the eye is chat of an endless series of frames, hybrids between a Venetian blind and an iEolian harp, each attended by its satellites who work under a strong light concentrated upon the work. Before each man lies his slip of "copy"; legible-or illegible, he must make the best o? it.; some set by hand, others by machine, played upon with keys like a piano, capable of setting nearly 300 lines an hour, whereas fifty lines is the limit of the best band labour. Be content with a glance here. Know that each man has his work allotted to him by the head-printer, that many of the grow to an honourable old age, that all receive pay at rates Higher than those earned by any men of their class in London, and that there is not a Trades Unionist among them. \ THE EDITOR'S COBBIDOB. Pas's through a green-baize door into a long corridor, remembering that even to the spirits the room of the editor of the Times remains closed, and that you are in another man's house investigating the pene tralia of his business. Other rooms in this corridor are those which used to be occupied by Air. Macdonald, and occupied now by Mr. Godfrey Walter, and the drawing- room in •which visitors are received, over the mantel-piece of which hupg, until the other day, a'portrait of somebody in antidiluvian jack-boots, whom I always .assumed, -without any justification, to be Crabb Robinson. There are three writing-rooms on this floor, each having agood desk and good chairs, a supply of pale blue slips of paper, and a .strong electric reading-lamp. There is also number 1, the room in which an army of sub-editors spend laborious1 nights over oceans of manuscript, much of which, to the infinite annoyance .of everybody concerned, 16 faintly pencilled on to greased paper and called' " flimsy." In spite of the monotony of their work, the sub-editors of the Times as a body are the cheeriest and the most helpful men intheworldjnor do they think it absolutely a matter of conscience to deprive an artiele of all point and all epigram. THE BEPOBTEBS AT HOME AND ABBX3AD. Upstairs, on another corridor, are the reporters' room, the leader-writers' rooms, the foreign room. The leader-writers are wreathed in mystery. I cannot say who they are, how much they earn, bow they do their -work, how many of them there are, for the maxim of the Times office is that of the sage, "with variations, "Call no man a leader-writer until he is dead." -The name of'the reporters is legion. The foreign room is one of'the busiest in the house. The. wires from the.; Continent click without ceasing ; the messages which come require the full attention of four trained men under a chief. It is a mistake, by the way, to call this gentleman, accomplished and distin guished as he is, an editor. The Times has but one editor, and in his department he is absolute and supreme. "We are now. in a position to give a rough sketch of the means concerned in producing, ; choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appears in the [ Times. THE MEN WHO MAKX THE "TIMES." They are 'the editor, an assistant editor, foreign director,- and the so- called City editor, though here again the word " editor" is to my mind misapplied. There are x leader-writers, there are six or seven sub-, editors, and midway be .ween them and the printers are the readers. There are also a: special correspondents, y reporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and s semi attached reporters. In the United Kingdom there is a local correspondent of every town of importance; in every country in the world, almost, is an accomplished gentleman entitled to call himself " our own corres pondent." Of these M. de Blowifcz is the type and the ideal. Even now- I have omitted the full staff of reporters in the House of Commons, who enable the Times to give practically the only complete report of debates published daily in England, and the law reporters, barristers all, including men appointed to each circuit, at the head of whom is the most indefatigable and the most humorous of men, the favourite of Bench and Bar, who has always a kindly word for a struggling junior and a merry anecdote for the jaded leader. Still there remain the multitudinous reviewers, the dramatic critic, the musical critic, the art critic, the gentleman who makes the turf his study, the yachtsman, the rowing critic, the observer of cricket. The names of gentlemen of this class are indeed legion, they are as numerous as the pursuits of men. ~ The nianagement of this great organisa tion isconducted. by Mr. Arthur F. Walter, with the 'invaluable assistance of Mr. 'Moberly Bell. The printing department is in the hands of Mr. Godfrey Walter. All the Walter presses have been made in the engineering room at the basement of Printing House' Square. Here, too, is the type foundry, for at the Times Office a large proportion of type is melted up and re-cast. Finally the composing machines, Kasten bein's, with so many improvements that the original idea is almost beyond recognition, have received much attention with excellent results. At one time it was customary to connect the. operators at some of these machines by telephone with persons dictat ing from the House of Commons, but the practice has been practically discontinued, partly because the House of Commons has become an "early to bed" institution, partly because vthe strain on the operator was found to be almost intolerable. It) 13 well known that) carbon segregates from meteoric iron in the form of fine grained graphite, and crystals of graphite resembling diamonds have been found in meteorites such as those of Youngdegin and the Nowo. UreL Diamonds are also found to occur in old volcanic vents, such as the Kimberley mines of South Africa, which are filled -with decomposed intrusive material thrown up from great depths. Professor Carvill Lewis supposed these diamonds to have been formed by the action of the intrusive -material on. the carboniferous «hales found there, and predicted that | diamonds would be found in meteorites ; but | no diamonds have yet been found in the Greenland iron-beds, where a similar action has taken place. Professor O. W. Hunting ton recently expressed the opinion—which, indeed, had -already been formed by M. Daubr£e—th at, since the earth is apparently a mass of meteorites covered with a crust, there ought to be abundance of diamonds at great depths. The classic simplicity of M. Renan'sFrench prose, together with the love be ever dis played for - the discussion of spiritual .problems and the analysis of the religious sentiment, naturally suggests a comparison with both the matter aud the manner of the late Matthew Arnold. Tbe affinity between the two is, indeed, -tiy remarkable. 