THE KILMORE SHOW. KILMORE, Tuesday.,. The annual show on Thursday vyces "City's successfully carried out. the entries~t\¡fflfü numerous, the attendance lnrge,..and:,Úu-, weather delightfully line. In draught stall tions, Mr. Hugh Rea took first prize with his' imported horse St Kilda, Mr. T. Craven of Heathcote being second with a colonmhbrcil' horse. Dry mares made a creditable display, the principal prizes being secured by Mr. S. It. Moore, Hatton Bros., and M. Sornghaii, In the younger stock, Messrs. Moore took the leading prizes', also far' farm horses. There was a fair display in the thoroughbred horses, but not equal to former years. Mr. J. A Wallace, M.L.C., scored an easy Victory over hnl. do.en others with his imported weight- carrying, hunting, and trotting sire Cnnnonoer, securing Sir W. J, Clarke's Special prize. Messrs. P. Fitzpatrick, D. Ryan, M. J. Ryan, and C. Muller were the principal prizetakers in the blood and dry mare and fillies. As usual at Kilmore, there was a splendid exhibition of hunters, hackneys, buggy horses, and ponies. In hunters, 14 horses faced the jumps, the first prize falltmrtoMr. T. Brooks, of Northwood, with a chestnut, who negotiated all the jumps in faultless style. The same mare divided with Mr. A.'Budd. horse in the high-jumping class, botlfölearin« the tall' at' 6ft." 8in. but refusing anything higher. Mr. brigade took first prize for hackneys is) a held of 23. Mr. J. Lobb being second. Trotters in saddle and trap were numerous, Mr. P. Anderson and Mr. T. Dunstan, of Coburg, being lost In both sec- tions, Miss Goodman took first prise tor lady rider,- and Mr. Anderson for lady's palfrey. The exhibition of cattle was the finest over witnessed in a show-yard in Kilmore, every section being well filled, the dairy farmers have been weeding out the unprofitable breed of COWS lately. Mr. N. Cooke, of Pyalong, was the principal prizetaker for shorthorns, with some animals of a very good strain, in Alderneys, Mr. T. Dun item, of Coburg, secured the bulk of the prizes with excellent cattle: whilst in Ayrshires Messrs. J. M'Kendrick, Wallan ; J Hill, Craigieburn and J. Ki has,' Mia him, were the leaning winners. The ghosts of dairy cattle was a remarkably fine one; Mr 1 Kilroy tailing the special prize for the best milker, also for pair of dairy cows.. Messrs. J. M'Nuughtoiii A Wilson (Hornsey), K. Good- man, J Butler, and T. Jeffrey were also successful in this class. Sheep were largely shown, the prices in Lincoln, Leicester, and merinoes being equally divided between Messrs. W Watson, Tabilk ; L.- R. Carter, Clunes ; If. Mitchell, Piavella; and C. Kuiper,' of Rochester. In swine, Mr. L ,Jled(Iaii, of Bulla, was the most successful exhibitor'; whilst in poultry- Mr. W. Manning, of Bendigo, and Mr. G. Dodson, Kilmore, shared most of the prizes. Some very fine dogs were shown. The show of dairy, produce was not quite equal to previous years, but was nevertheless good. Mrs. B. McManus took first prizes for both old and new cheese, Mrs. K. Leydon for potted butter, ' Mrs. John Butler for powdered, and Miss Laing for fresh. , Jame und garden produce made a creditable display, but, vehicles and implements were a miserable collection. In saddlery Messrs. Kinnear and Sons took all the prizes. . 