[ THEATRE ROYAL, ' ! s-s THE LATEST SENSATION. MIND READING-EXTRAORDINARY. At the present moment Hobart is entertaining two angels unawares neither bright angels, nor dark angels, nor fallen angels, but angels of a totally different creation. The Seconds have been angola of mystery to the world these 40 years, and can produce more newspaper criticism than any attrac- tion that over visited Hobart, for though crowds of people have watched them at different times on a thousand different stages, in all corners of the globe, they have succeeded in remaining as impenetrable as the Sphinx. Imitators they have plenty, but rivals not ours. They have spent one-half of their career in mystifying the public, and the other half in ciili(ihtouing them. In America the Stuons are known as people who call round to-day with a new wonder, and call round to-morrow to tell you that it is no wonder at all. They thrill and mystify an audience to-night, only to throw them into an indignant apoplexy the availing after with the absurdity of it all. Perhaps, as to the extent of their powers in this direction, we had better wait arid judge for ourselves, when they begin their season at the Theatre Royal to-night. Professor Charles N. Steen, who now comes to Tasmania for the first time, dugan Ufa as a mystified at school. He imbibed the business in the nursery, taking to it in- stinctively. At 12 he was on the stage as an out-and-out illusionist, with a fully equipped caravan of ghosts under his command (on which he has some very Hatter i eg newspaper criticisms to show.) Then he started the more sensational Uno of tracking down other mystifies and exposing them, and it is a somewhat remarkable fact that his victims HAVe not retaliated by exposing Steen. For this does not seem impossible, the wizard himself laying claim to nothing that is supernatural. For years Stcon amd his wife caused a sensation in America by going here and there through the States exposing wizards, mystifies, spiritualists, thought readers, It hoc genus omnes. No now stage trick or illusion they did not follow up and knock the bottom out of. Time bowled out Slade ; they got Matt put on his trial, they challenged Hazelmere one of their greatest successes, however, was in exposing faith healer and spiritual st in New York, who had a number of sick patients in his pay, to go on the stage nightly in different guises and walk oil healed, just as did certain patients not long ago at a free healing exhibition at the Melbourne Town-hall. S then proceeded to got hold of the " patients'," and gave a healing exhibition himself, which was pronounced marvellous. Then he explained that the whole thing was a fraud, and that the public had been cruelly do nerved. Some few months ago the Shoans were associated with Mrs. Annie Abbott, the Georgia magnet, as she was called. For a while the magnet was all the rage in London. She stood on the stage by herself and half a dozen powerful men could not shift her from almost any position in which she liked to stand. Medical men came from all parts to examine her, but the secret of her power remained undiscovered. It was thought she had some secret magnetic power unknown to ordinary mortals ; but when the novelty and wonder wore away Steeu exploded the business by explaining it all away, making as much money out of one as the other. So that there may be no de- ception, when the Stevens begin their work at the Theatre Royal! to-night, several prominent gentlemen have agreed to act as a committee and go on the stage to watch the performance, those who wish for an evening's genuine entertainment which has never been seen in Hobart, intermingled with the humorous, should certainly pay the Seas a visit. The Professor's conversational powers are ex- tremely good, and the audience cannot help feeling interested in the various explanations made by khan. Secure your seats at once. Box plan at Susman's. Day Sales at Aldred's Performance at 8 sharp. j , 