An unfortunate error appeared io our report of ihe Coliuna iuuit Show. Tlie name of .Mr. J. PaieL'soii was sunstiuiied for Mr. LI. La'sen as one of llio judges. We have been requested to state lli-it the local police court will not be opened to-day until 12.15 p.m. «u account of tbc Police magistrate (Mr Green) being eu- £a?ed at SSwuu Hill. In Chambers yesterday an ex parte application was made for a order nwi for review of the decision of Mr W. W. Greeue, P.M., in liie case of iUiusey v. Faiquhar and Brown, tradiug as the Lake Boga Irrigation Company, recently beard in Swan Hill and fully reported in the Ximes of tlie succeeding issue. The order wm .niad. . Uwu-b Connelly, Tatch< 1' and Dunlop ma it the application thro" h counsel for defendants. The Keraug Amateur Minstrel Club will make their first appearance at the Mechanics' Iustitute, Kerang, on March 17th (St Patrick's Day) when ihey will produce the Shadow Pantomime, couclud- mg with the waistcoat-bursting farce " Lange's Art Gallery.'' The orchestra has taken special pains to produce some of the most popular and classic music of the day, and judging f om their reheaisals will give entire satisfaction. Messrs Yeo Taverner and Co., Ltd., have just erected for the convenience ol their constituents commodious pig yards in their bazaar. They are floored with hard wood blocks. The whole has be u carried out under the direction of Mr J. Hamilton, of this town, and the work- manshio is neat and effective. Messrs Yeo, Taverner ard Co., are to be com plimented on their enterprise. A battle firing parade, in which rifle clubs comprising the No. 2 District took part, was held at Eaglehawk on Wednes day. The clubs present tyere Kerang, Tiunnering and Eaglehawk, but the attendance of members was only moderate. Kerang, represented by seven men, Messrs Crawford (captain), Rattray, Flight, Val- lance, Casley (2) and Coleman, secure i the highly satisfactory average of 25"5 head and shoulder hits per 100 shots, Eaglehawk coming next with 19'3 and Thnmeiiug third with 15.3. Before dismissing the men Major Road, who was in command of the parade, especially complimented the jv<-rang team on their excellent performance. Mess its Bichardson, Hair and Co., auctioneers, report holding an excellent clearing stde at Messrs Bell and C<r- huhns,' Canary Islan I, yesterday. Dairy cows sold from £4 10s to £7 18s 6d : young mixed cattle from £1 10s to £2 10s.; medium draught hoises to £10 10s. Utuer stoca ana sunancs urougnt iun values. The above firm request us to draw attention to the clearing sale of Mr. A. McPherson's, at Pyramid Creek, on the 28lh inst., when intending purchasers will be driven ont. They will submit a choice lot orstocK atmis-sale. Goods are on hand at the Kerang rail way station for the following consignees : JVaci?!'k, G'inn and Baird, Marmell, Jones, L. Gitdham, Jos. Bennett. Kerr, Cocks; Pippin, M\EiK Sims. Parcels— Rattray, Mrs Morris, EL Scott, P .Cadneoh, D. M'Kenzie, Mrs J. F. Wilkinson, (?.- Adams, Jas. Kenny, Miss Lyall, Kerang Rifle Club, W. A. Witts. It may be of interest to our rea lers to know that wheu the Registrar-General calls upon a defendant to relnrn his title his interest is which has been sold under a writ of Fi Fa, that he is compelled to answer the request. We notice that in an application made in the matter of John Gray v. Murdoch Cross to Mr Justice Williamson the 17th February to deliver up a duplicate lease of a grazing area sold at Kerang by the sheriff, an - order was made to deliver np the duplicate lease to the Registrar-General within seven days of a copy of the order being eerved upon liim, costs to be teix»d. Mr Weigall (instructed by Messrs Connelly, T.tchill and Dunlop) made the application. A big yield of gold has been discovered at Wedderbnrn by a man named Chercliis, an old identity ol the district. The stone is estimated to yield 100 ounces to the ton. The Premier on Wednesday gave some indication of the luture railway policy of the Government, when replying to a deputation which wailed upon him, and advocated the construction of a railway from Horsham to Hamilton, to connect the uiallee directly with ihe seaboard. Mr Patterson intimated that the Govern inent would pursue a progressive railway policy, and he made it apparent that the Ministry was not favorably disposed towards " pettifogging cockspur lines." Early next session the Government would submit railway proposals to Parliament, and foremost amongst them would be the extension of the lines from Boprf, Wyche- proof, Beulah and Dimboola into the uiallee. One of these lines would be carried through that country on to Mildura ' gnA IVejitwortli : 4a hp -the i) .rtiogdluar - irade. He was much impressed, he said, with the future of the malice. It could be readily and cheaply brought under cultivation, and lines could he constructed in that part of the colony at a low price per mile, while at the same time the property of the state wonld be improved in value. The mzst important poiot. however, touched upon by the Premier was the position of the Bail way Standing Committee. He said that tba Govern" inent would have daring the recess to consider the position of that body. It was necessary to have fall inquiries made into railway proposals before they were authorised by Parliament, Although Mr Patterson did not fully disclose the inten tions of the Government, it was apparent from his remarks that the Ministry has in contemplation the introduction of half a dozen railway linea next session, end of entiling them (o the Railway Committee for inquiry. The inquiries of that body will, however, be strictly confined to those lines, so that their Sittings will not occupy more than a month of two at ihe onlside. It is very probable, therefore, That early next session the Government will introduce U bill to amend tiieliailway Committee. Act redncing the number of its members and' withflrawing from its purview the 200 counliy and ' ' Tiie ordinary meeting of the WandeUa Irrigation anil Water Supply Trust which was to have taken place on Wednesday last was adjourned to the 1st proximo on accouut of the chairman, Cur Radcliffe, being away at the Municipal and Water Trust Conference which is being held in Melbourne. The correspondent of the Shite of Swan Hill School Board af Advice No. 3G8 (Mr D. W. Williamson) has received the fol lowing letter from the Education depart ment headed " Retrenchment," — The exigencies of the State at present demand the exercise of stringent. vet iudicious. economy in carrying on the work in con nection with the department of Public Instruction. As it is a matter of great importance that no undue expenditure should he allowed to continue, the hon. the Minister would esteem it a favor if the board would take an early opportunity of considering this question in all its bearings and of furnishing him, not later than the 3rd proximo, "villi their opinions as to the directions in which judicious economy may be effected (a) in regard to their own district and (b) in regard to the State schools generally, and for details of ex penditure for financial year ended 30th Juue last the hoard was referred to the l ist annual report, a copy of which had been recently supplied." Th'e correspon dent after having interviewed ihe other members of the board on the subject, for warded the following reply : — " In reply to your memorandum of the 3rd instant asking the board's opinion in which jndi- cious economies might be effected in the State schools generally, I have to inform y.iu the board recommend — 1. That read ing", vviUng . arilhiiiatic form the standard of education. 2. That the sunn pay no musio, drawing, or teachers of any extra enblecte, bnt that parents desiring such extras be allowed the privilege of paying for them. 3. That the State school teachers be instructed to observe tbems selves and likewise to instruct the children to regard all the property of the State as their special e we ia saving it from destruction by carelessnu-s, and the the teachers to follow ihe good old maxim " A stitch in time saves nine," and when a board is loose get a hammer and drive a naii in instead of writing to ihe Board or department, thereby causing a heavy expenditure to the State as men have to be sent long distances to do a trifling job that might be done by the teachers, who could make these little repairs an object lesson to the children. The fencing in of country schools is also a matter where a considerable sum could be saved. The teachers should enlist tlie parents of the pupils, and get tbem to do tlie fencing free of all cost to the State. Mr Bailey, head teacher at Cohnna, has set a worthy example in this matter, and one that should be followed by all teachers of country schools. Russian conscription for the year re sulted in the production of 904,566 men of tlie requisite age and qualifications, besides 87,692 who had been left in from former years, making a total'of 994,258. Of these 262,400 were actually enlisted under the colours, and the rest was in scribed on the reserve. Out of the toial w-re 796,539 Christians, 51,248 Jews, 30,392 Mussulmans, and 1276 Pagans. The number of recruits goes on increasing at an astonishing rate, and nothing but the want of money prevents Russia from adding a million to her army of able- bodied soldiers every year. Even the Jewish contingent alone of over 50,000 per annum would soon make a very re spectable force. A whiter in the Gentlewoman is re sponsible for ihe follp'yjqg thrilling story : — Two young girls, one of whom I know, went to stay in a country bouse some time during the year. They were given ft room wilb a )«q attached to it io die ehect'tliat a woiSah'wiJOEe tiuio-wna covered with blood bannted it. I believe, however, that the girls laughed and said they didn't uiind. That night they went to bed, and very soon afterwards the door opened and a woman rushed in, her face covered with blood, and threw herself on tll6bed. The girjsjterrified qut of their senses, nulled the bedclothes over their heads,' and remained where they were, too frightened to move. At length, hear ing nothing, they fell off to sleep, 'hmk in" the ghost had gone ; but the next morning when they awoke, there right across the foot of the bed, l.iy the woman dead and cold. Poor thing ! she was one of the ladies' maids who had suddenly broken a blood vessel and ran in to try and get help ; hut not being able to speak for choking, snd nlso being the exact impersonation of the "ghost," she got no assistance, and so died. The city press says : — ' City merchants who have German clerks in their service will scarcely read with pleasure the fol lowing story that reaches ns from a good sonrce. A well-known City' firm of the good old English school numbered among i< e clerks a young gentleman from Ger many. Nothing could have been better than the conduct of this member of the staff, who soon proved himself a real acquisition in the office. The manager was perfectly delighted with him and within a year the zealous and hard work ing young Teuton was in a fair way to take up a responsible position in the counting house. Then cam- the little rift in this little German Ante — a rift which affected a serious change ip the manager's opinion on the subject of employing German clerks in English offices. On a certain bank holiday the manager had occasion to visit tire city, aqd great _ wa ll is surprise to find his Teuton subordinate hard at work in the office, What was the meaning of this extraordinary zeal ? Simply that the wily young German was making an elaborate list of the firm's clients, and carefully putting down all particulars concerning commission; and so forth for the benefit of some .of.his. friends in Rhmeland. Heedless to say, he was promptly dismissed, and German clerks have not been much sought after since by the firm in question. A curious episode in connection with the death of Jay Gould is recorded by one of the New York daily papers, which are still printing columns of gossip and reminiscences about the deceased million aire, Jp hie intense absorption in bad ness Jay Gould bad a "tape" machine not only in his study, bqf in Ris bed. room- On the Friday of his death, while his family ptqod round the bed watching his last struggles, tbe machine clicked away remorselessly, Unnotipeff in its corner, it poured out its messages, and wound off itsyaids of white paper ribbons. At leqgth tlie struggle was over. Jay. Gould breathed 1 more. The doctor closed bis eyes, and asjnouhced that he had passed away, While the relatives still hnng jonnd the bed, the machine, after a louder rat'1" than nsud) stopped suddenly " «8 if /flwtawdiv- >p- piclnrei-oue reporter observes. It tqrqed out ; thai, the « laps '-' Rad pea?ed to ; record after printing these words— f-' J. Gould : died 9.15 to-day." . . . , , ; J Pie British Consuls in ' Braril "have repeatedly gte£n twarnrng," declaringjthe country and yt conditions fit life to be, unfitted for settlers frpm Enu-qpe. Tlje abofitjop Of slavery with a company for-BOfeupBpn: Ijakmwfo bs»ntoatwthmten7»raf J :V-V'.v ' - A striking example of ihe fall in the value of land has been given fo us by an Essex farmer who recently bought 555 acres of land which he occupies. Less than 20 years ago the form was purchased by the recent owner for £21.000, about £5000 being spent upon it afterwards. When pnt up for .sale once more there was hardly any comp Rition, the occupier bought the farm for £4950, or less than one-fifth of the money sunk in it by the late proprietor. lJ--: The smallest professional child pianist in the world has recently made his debut in St. Petersburg. Tlie little musician's name is Raonl Koezalski ; he is five years old, and his legs are so short that his father has to work the pedals for hiin. Master Koezalski plays ouly Chopin, and his execution is said to be equal to that of the great pianist himself. A good story is told of a man who wanted to jump a stream on a Texas prairie. The stream looked as if it was about seven feet wide. He didn't notice that the giass dropped over on either side about three feet. He went back to a run and go over. He came along lickity- split. When he got within three feel of where he thought he was going to rise, he went through the grass into the water over his head. He couldn't swim. He caught hold uf the wet, slickgrass and got his head ont of the water, He thought it was time to pray. He said " O Lor. I , I never stole a horse." His hold slipped, and under be went again. He managed to grab the grass and get his head above the water a second time. This time he said : "Lord have mercy npou me. I never branded another man's cow, ran away with., another man's wife, nor trai uod'B'liDiiM in all toy Itiw.'1 Sea ItolJ., slipped again find lie went nnder. Getting to the surface a thir l time, with grea'er difficulty, he thought he would be honest with the Lord, so he said ; " But, O Lord God, what a liar I've been." Tli 9 practice of bare fallowing as a pre paration of tlie soil for wheat growing is very widely followed in this country, bm a number uf tlie most observant farmers are beginning to see that the system is wrong because it is certain sooner or later to bring about the exhaustion of tlie laud. They now admit that while the bare fallowing method of farming a Ms nothing to the fertility of tlie land, it also hastens the exhaustion of any fertility already present in the soil. A very shrewd far mer with whom I was discussing this subject the other da v. who at one time was a firm believer in fallowing, informed me that experience hid taught him the system was a fallacy. ' I will tell you," he said, " how bare fallowing acts upon soil. It is similar to stirring np the fire in the grate. By means of the poker you rouse the fire into temporary acrivity, bnt at the same time you hasten the combus tion of the coal, and if no more fuel is added to the fire, it will burn ont sooner than if it had not been stirred. So wi h land. If you follow it au>l stir it up fre quently you merely hasten the exhaustion tjf the elements of fertility.'.' To suppose that land under bare fallow beooines richer is a delusion. It is t rue a bigger crop can be raised after fallowing, but it is gained at the expense of the crops that follow, and if persisted in the land must ultimately become exhausted and barren Toe alternative system of green fallowing by sowing a crop of rape an I feeding it off with sheep, it has been fqun i, however, supplies the elements necessary not only to maintain fertility but to increase it. Even stocking the land he ivily with sheep merely to eat down the natural growth that sp'ings up, is to be preferred to loil ing for the best part of two years with a scarifier agross the bare fallow. The lime and Spirit Gazette says : — "The Australians, it seems, cannot be brought to drink their own wines, . no rqaptcFTiow mgmy -ml widely landed by advertisement and otherwise. Io this, it is apparent, they show a certain amount of jndgment, but we say so without dis paragement to the higher classes of the wines in question. So long as the bes< growths and brands of France and other wine growing countries can be imported at fair prices, tfie qafive article will be n-gleoted, particularly among thoBe who go in for substantial luxuries of that character. The aolopjals drink besides a liberal allowance of spirits, French claret, German hock, and Fortugnese port, though we are somewhat sarcastically told by a colonial au' fiorifcy that these are fiequenLly 'their own wines doctored aod retained to them.' The experience in question is probably not confined to the Australians. Mr. Anderson, the director of Agriculture for New South Wales, is trymg yvry har-1 fo wean tfie Now South Welsh from spirit drinking, and $0 indqee them' to' make the wine they produce their own beverage. But the New South Welsh, who 6hare with tlie mother couns try a predilection for drinking themselves out of habit, prefer to do it with-imported whisky." The jall Mall Gazette pqbjjsbes an article dealing with the method of ap pointing colonial Governors (says a cable) that question having been raised by the attitude of Sir George Bibbs respecting the appointment of Lord jersey's eqcces sov in New South Wales. The article advocates an alteration in the present system, and advises that three names shall be fixed upon by tlie Colonial Office when a vacancy occurs io tlie Governor ship of a colony. It is recommended that ihese nances sfiajl tfieq be submitted to the colonial Ministry, anfi thqt the candidate npon whom their choice rests shall be appointed to the Crown. i i i 