THE STORY-TELLER. THE HAUNTED VICARAGE. (Conclusion.) "If the Squire comes, he comes," said Sarah, with grim resolution. "I'm thankful to say I'm better pre- pared, having been converted many years aso, to see a ghost than Betsy is. But it's my thinking that the old Squire is obliged to keep his own side of the wall while pious folks are in the kitchen, and it's just that makes him so mad. Now, if Betsy sat there alone, seeing that Betsy tells lies, which is one of the greatest of sins—" But Betsy was not inclined to put her virtue to the test, and departed back to the union, nor did we attempt to supply her place. Sarah was willing to face the noises alone. I think Martin, fully occupied out of doors, scarcely thought about the matter as I did. He believed that the Vicarage, like all old houses, was full of odd noises—probably due to rats—which were exaggerated by the superstitions fears of the servant. But to myself, now out of health, and a good deal alone owing to Martin's multifarious occupa- tions in the parish, the "fancy" which I might have laughed at in days of health and spirits became a real terror. I myself had never heard the full noises : they only occurred in the kitchen itself; but I thought about them, and dwelt on the subject till I became so unwell and ner- ous that Martin urged me to go to my father for a visit to recruit myself. But I would not leave my husband, neither was I strong enongh to undertake a long journey at this time of the year. The local doctor prescribed tonics, and asked if I had no friends who could come and stay with me and cheer me up. But I had always led a very retired life owing to my father's bad health; I had no sisters, and my few girlfriends were now married and scattered. My stepmother—I lost my mother in infancy—was a kind woman, but too much occupied with father to be able to pay a visit. Martin and the doctor comforted themselves with the reflection that by- and-by more cheerful noises than the supposed knocks and groans might re- sound in the old Vicarage, " Of course Mrs. Fleming is inclined to be nervous and fanciful just now," said the doctor to my husband ; " but when the baby comes we shall hear no more of the noises in the kicthen. That superstitious old servant of yours will be too busy to notice them." Kind and devoted as Sarah was, I could hardly have had a worse companion at this time. Strong in her religious convictions, she sat day after day in her kitchen, like a sentinel on guard, singing hymns in a cracked voice in the evening, and appar- ently deriving a grim enjoyment from the very idea that she was carrying on a suc- cessful struggle with the restless sinner on the other side of the wall. But I, ailing and lonely in the parlour above, would shiver and cower with nervous terror as I fancied I caught some sonnd, like a knock or a sigh, which might be the wind, and might be the Squire. One evening in December—how well I remember it still!—a veritable tempest raged and shook the house. Martin had been summened to the death bed of a parishioner at a distance, and so bad was the weather that I had urged him to accept the proffered offer of a bed at the house, instead of returning through the winter night. He had been reluctant to leave me so long, but finally consented ; indeed, he could hardly have found his way back in the storm of wind and rain. I was so solitary that, little as I liked the idea of entering the kitchen, I made up my mind to descend and speak to Sarah, whom I found knitting tranquilly by the fire. The kitchen looked so cheerful in the ruddy glow of the logs that I lingered awhile after I had given the order which I had made the pretext for my visit. Suddenly " rap, rap, rap," sounded loudly on the wall behind me, followed by a long-drawn gurgling sound. I screamed with terror, but Sarah was calm. "Eh, ma'am, but he's worse than ever to-night," she remarked. " I'm thinking maybe 'tis the day of the month when he died, or something like that ; but I never mind." But here the noise recommenced, so loudly and wildly that even the resolute woman grew pale. " Come away, come away, Miss Eleanor," she exclaimed, clutching my arm ; but as she spoke, came a rending sound; the wall of the kitchen burst open, a rush of water filled the room, and, oh, horror ! a large black coffin sailed out of the aperture in the wall, and fell with a crash on the floor ! I knew no more ! I was ill for many, many weeks, they told me afterwards, and Martin expected to lose his wife as well as his child. When I gradually awoke to consciousness I was not at the Vicarage, but the house of a kindly neighbour, where the doctor had advised my beiug carried as soon as I could be moved on a mattress. It was long before I recovered the shook of that awful night; long before I could even hear the explanation of that terrible apparition. It was a simple story enough after all. The churchyard, like the rest of the neighbourhood, had its "ground spring." One of these had sprung up in the vault of the wicked Squire, and actually floated the coffin. For years when the spring was full, the water had been striving to burst through the wall, and the leaden coffin had acted as a kind of battering ram. Hence the odd noises (always worst at the wettest times of the year), hence the terrible catastrophe. We never returned to Heathhurst Vicarage. A friend of my father hap- pened to have a living fall in his gift, which he offered to Martin, and some months after my illness we removed to the pretty south-country Rectory where I had passed the rest of my days, first with my husband, then with my son. Homebury Rectory has been "noisy" enough during the last half-century, tenanted by our merry healthy children ; but the " knocks " were of a different de- scription from those that froze our blood at Heathhurst. The patron of that latter living, who was a kindly and liberal man, was so horrified at the occurrence which so nearly cost me my life, that he pulled down the old Vicarage and rebuilt it on higher ground, so that the present Vicar's family are not exposed to the risk of the irruption of coffins into their kitchen. But I shall never forget my residence in that haunted Vicarage some fifty years ago. 