Grotesque Photographs. To the majority of amateur photographers the camera is mainly an instrument by which they can make the likeness of a friend or copy a landscape 5 but few are aware of the entertaining and amusing results that may be obtained apart from the ordinary routine. One very stoking picture that may be made is a man seated at a table writing, and his own ghost — through which the objects of the room may be faintly seen — standing behind his chair. Or a man start ing back in terror from his own ghost, or even a pair of them. Another very amusing picture — which is called the twin brothers — is two or three perfect busts or figures side hy side, but both or all three the same per sons. It would take too much space to give a thorough, description, of this style of photography, but vre give directions for making the above-mentioned pictures, and the operator can obtain any variety he chooses by following the same principles. Ghost or shadow pictures — Make a back ground the required size by stretching out some black material. Place your subject, draped in white or light colored clothing, in position to the right or left of the centre o£ the background. Focus and ' expose for half a second, and the impression on the plate will be a shadowy, ghost-like figure. 'Next take a chair and a table, and place the cliair in. the centre of the background and the table on the opposite side to the ghost. Seat the same subject in the. chair at the table, focus again, and give full exposure, which, if the light is good, should be about two seconds. Develop and print in the usual \ray. Any object that is desired to be seen through the sh.ad.owy figure must be sub jected to a quarter of ' a minute's exposure before the figure is placed in position. The Twin Brothers — To make this picture, place the subject in position on the right of the centre of the black background, focus, and expose for two seconds in good light. Now place the subject on the left of tlxe centre of the background and rocus again, giving the same exposure. If room enough be. left between the two figures, tlie photographer may now take a chair and place it in the centre of the background and. seat the sub ject in it ; focus, and give again the same exposure. Develope plate, and the two . or three twin brothers will be seen. This line of photography offers a great seppe for 'originality and skill. 