THE PRINCE. A GHOST STORY. By James Payn. I was nover a believer in ghosts — especially in tho daytime ; nor, indeed, had I muoh faith in them even at night. Still, I would not havo slept in n room tlmt had tho reputation of being nauncea ior any monoy ; oecause 1 won Knew, that whether there wns a ghost or not, I should bo certain to sco one. It is 0110 of the taxes that one has to pay for keeping a morbid imagination. So whon Ainslie asked ino to spend a week or two with him in Yorkshire, I said, "But you livo in a castle, I havo heard, five hundred years old— and I don't like old castles to sleep in." "My dear fellow, it is not damp," he replied, " thoro is no moat." MI was not thinking of the damp." " Rats? "Well I confess wc used to have rats. Our nursemaids used to leave us becauso they ooutdn't stand meeting thom on the stairB. But to parody tho famous following of the Highland Ohief, thanks to four and twenty dogs and five and thirty ferrets, we have got rid of them.'" 11 But they say your castle is haunted." 11 Then thoy lie," said Ainslie, with a fliiBh of anger that I thought hardly called for. "Ih&ve; lived in it twenty years, and my father beforo me for forty, and nover has a ghost been seen in the liouso by even a kitchen maid, of that I give yon my honor; Ainslie and I wore old friends; he could make allowances for my weaknesses, and I could trust to his word ; so I accepted his invitation. There was probably good fishing at tho castle, a sport, to which I was devoted, and tho park in winch it stood was famous for its extent and beauty. At tho end of May, when I was to pay my visit, it would be looking Its best. Ainsllo was to have his liouso full of peopio, with most of whom I was acquainted, and there was every prospect of my eujoying myself. Still I should havo pre . fnppftrl f n ufnv fit ft lintian nf iyiafa mrtilnnfc iifa. tensions, and not so confoundedly old ; for, to sny truth, though I implicitly b'olicved Ainslie, I hnd heard, years ago, that iiis castle was haunted, which had caused me to liesitato in accepting bis invitation. Before going down to Yorkshire I dined at the club with Burton, a gunner, who lind greatly distinguished himself in the Zulu war, and his yonngcr brother Oharles, who had just joined tho sappers. They were greatly attached to one . another, though their characters were entirely different. The major was a man of notion, tho lieutenant given to study, especially of military affairs, and likely to become nn ornament to tile soientifia corps; ho was one of the handsomest and brightest young fellows I over mot, and it was pleasant to see his brother's satisfaction at the impression he produced an mo, though, indeed, it could hardly have boen otherwise. I spoke of my engagement to go to Aiuslio's, and the major said, "Well, wo two are going into ) that vary neighborhood for a littlo fishing in May, and I hope wo shall fall in with you. Only we shall be at the Angler's Rest, and yon will be at the Castle, and perhaps you will be too proud to rocogniBe us." " I wish I was going to tho inn instead of the Castle," I said ; then feeling that that was not a proper thing to say, I added, " not but that Ainslie is a ipost capital fellow." "So ho is," assented the major; "Iusod to: know him better than I do now, but the fact is — we are both a little hot tempered, you kuaw ; we had a tiff one day upon a must absurd matter —ghosts." " How curious," I said, feeling very ourious myself indeed ; pray, tell me about it." "Woll, I don't know how the subject arose, but it did so, and I happened to remark, " You kcon a cliost yourself, do you not, Ainsllo?" " Who told you that. Major Burton ?" he roplicd, in a tone I did not relish. Tho idea of liis " majoring " mo, a man ho hnd known for a dozen years, was also displeasing of course, espe cially as I had done nothing to provoke it ; so I answered, I daresay a littlo drily, "Oil, I don't know vyho told me ; but it is a matter of common roport that your castie is haunted." "Then let mo Bay that common report is a liar ; no ghost has cvor been seen in tho Castle ; aud i beg if you hear that falsehood stated again, Major Burton, tlmt you will bo so good as to oontrndiot it. " Thoro was nothing one could take hold of in what he snid ; but 'liar' and 'falsehood' aro not 1 pretly'words for a man to Bprinklo his speech with, nnd the fact is I havo not spokan to Ainslio since. I can't conceive what I had said to offend the man." "Well," said I very feebly, for I didn't like this story, "if you say a liouso is haunted it hurts tli u lot."- "But Ainslio is as rich ns Croesus," objected tho major, "and nevor wants to let his castle." " Moreover, "put in the lieutenant, "though, nervous pooplo might object to a ghost, Us pre sence would make tho placa moro eligible to others. I myself would givo £50— that is, if I ' had it," ho put-in modestly and on reflection— " to linvo the ohauce of seeing one." " Unfortunately that aspirution of yours, my donr Charley,'' said thu miijor, "can never be gratified, because there is no suoli.thing." "lam not at all sure of. that, " said Charley ; and then ho went .on to tell us various authenti cated stories of apparitions, chiefly connected, with barrack life, wliioh, over tho champagne, were very amusing. , -"I don't think I should mind a ghost" in bar- taoks myself," I said; though I don't protend to Want to seo ono anywhere." "Well, of course," admlttod Charley, "those ate rathor vulgar spcoiinens. If I am only fated lo seo One ghost iu my life, I should liko to boo an horcditary one— ono that has ' walked' (like Captain Barclay) for a very long time, and is respected in his locality." " What a cjucor lad you are," laughed tho major admiringly " Now let us go upstairs nnu have a smoke." How often I have thought of that dinnor, commonplace as it seemod to bo at the timo, and of Charley Burton, with his high spirits and good looks. For when a tragedy has happened, evon tho introduction to it, though it may have nothing tragic about it, and bo even comic, par takes of the tragedy too. At the appointed day I went down to AinBlio's, and was received with tho warmest welcome. Tho oantlo was really worthy of the name, and not at all like tho "castellated mansions" wo see in tho photographs of the house agents. It stood high, liko that of Windsor and Arundel, and had a park about it almoBt like a forest. -The other gueBts wero to arrivo tho noxt day, and I dined t£tpd-tHe with tbe host nnd hostess, the latter a most charming young woman. Whon Ainslie and I woro smoking our cigars that night I congratulated him upon his good fortune in all things. "Indeed," ho said, "I have little to complain of ; though ono has, of course, one's drawbacks." " But not a ghost in tlio house," I observed smiliug. "I guaranteed that I think," ho replied— I thought with somo littlo severity. "Now, you must let me know cxnotly what you liko, riding, or driving, or chatting with tho ladies, or seclusion in tho library with & cigar." "I shall enjoy all thoso in turn," I said, "no doubt ; but what I look forward to is the fish ing." Here it Boomed to me that Ainslie's brow darkoned a little. "Yes, there is good fishing," he said, "on tho river near the house. It is no use going into tho 'wilderness,' as wo call it, tho moro distant part of the park, where the water is too shallow and tho banks not open enough for sport. If you will take my advioo, and want to fill your bn&kot;, you will not go beyond a quartor of a mile from tho bridgo on either side. Beyond the wilderness tho stream im proves again, but that ib outside the park, and is let to tho innkeeper." I promised to take his hint, and did so. My bedroom, though immonso and lined with oak, somo of it beautifully carved, was not at all ghostly looking. a I slept the sloop of tho just, and in tho morning could hardly got on with my dressing, on acoonut of the magnificont view that constantly tempted mo to tho windows. Immediately beneath woro tho terraces and gardens, and beyond, tho beautiful river with the bridge of which Ainelio had spoken. It was easy to see it for about & quartor of a miloor so, tno limit no nad mentioned on each sido of the bridge, after whioh it lost itself in a forest of trees and undergrowth, whioh was doubtless " tho wilderness." I passod the morning, as I lovo to pasB it in the country in summer time, lounging and lolling about the gardcu, and feeliug much too lazy oven to fish. After an immense lunoh I felt, however, that a long walk was absolutely neces sary for my constitution, and as my host and hostess had toBtop at homo to receive tboir guests, I started off alone. It. struok mo that it would be a good opportunity to call at Tho Angler's Host to seo if tho Burtons had arrived. Tho inn was a oouplo of miles off, but almost tho wholo of tho way led through tho park, full of noble trees, undor tho shade of which " twinkled tho innumerable ear and tail " of tho deor : the dove's coo was the only melancholy sound to be heard ; the voice of the ouokoo, in love with its own name, was ceaseless ; the wholo world Bceracd to ho full of song and sun shine. . Tho beauties of nature have always a sooth ing, 'not to say somnolent effect on mo, aud champagne taken in the middle of tho day is apt to mako ono sleepy, and tho combination of thoso two things proved too muoh for mo ; I sat down under an oak treo to have a pipe, and took a nap instead ; I meant it to bo only 40 winks, hut it lastcd'two hours Still, thore was plenty of timo to go to the inn nud return by some longer way, for a walk had beoorao a more im perative necessity than over. .At Tho Anglers' Rest, a pioturcsquo little mtrenfc. mttoli mnrA fn mtr fnufn Utnn \- — , »»»« SSI J magnificent quarters, I . learnt that my two friends had arrived that very day, and woro gono but fishing ; I took the road pointed out to mo, which slcirtod that part of tho park called "tho wilderness but I presently found that I . had miscalculated either the distauoe or my own pedestriau powers, and that I should soon havo to turn baok in ordor to arrivo at the castle in due time for dinner. "What I calculated upon was on finding seme gate in tho high wall that shut in tho domain, whioh by admitting mc into it, would afford a short out home. PrcJscntly I camo to such a gate, d very different looking one, however, from thoso which I had hitherto seon, It was equally largo, and had a gatekeeper's lodge attaohed to it, but it gavo one the impres sion of being seldom or nover used. Tlio groat iron bars wore rusty ; the armorial bearings abovo them, carved in stono, woro covered with lichen ; the bell bnndlo, a long bar of iron, scarcely moved in its socket, and I had to pull at it more than once before I. could get it to do its ofiloe. Then a groat boll clanged, discor dantly within, and tho gatekeeper camo out, looking very muoh amazed at tlio summons. " What is it, sir ? what'is it you may please to wont?" lie inquired quito civilly, but with out offering to undo the gate, which was not only locked, but chained, ' Well, I want to get in," said I, not without some irritation; "I am a friond of Mr. Ainslie's, and a guest at tho c&Btlo.;" "I think, sir,", replied tho man, "Mr. Ainslio would be better pleased if you entered the park hv some other gate." " Good heavens, why ? Beside whioh thero is no time, my good man. If I don't tako some phort out to the house I shall not bo thore for dinner," " I'll ask -my wifo what she thinks about it," said tlio mnn, a quiet, respcotablo looking fellow enough, and ono wbo&o; appearance suggested one who was subjected to domestic influence. His roply, howevor, seemed ovon moro extra ordiuBry than his unwillingness to admit me. He evidently did not doubt my statement, and even if he had, it seemed impossible that the worst moaning person in tho world oould have jlcmo any barm to "tho wilderness." As I looked at it through tho railings, T thought, in pits of its summer qnrb, I had inrely beheld a More depressing soono. Tho contrast it afforded to tho other parts of tile park was very striking, "ho trees wero mostly fir, whioh gavo it a funcrool appearance, and the long broad rides in 1.11 directions like tho spikes of a wheel gavo it , formal air whioh was certainly far from at tractive. I was getting very irritated at the delay by the time tho keeper had come out with his key and unloosed 'tho gato. "I shall certainly tell Air. Ainslio," I said, "of tho unroasonablo way in tvliioli I have been denied admittanoo." -"It has horn douo by Air. Ainslie's own orders, lir," ho replied firmly butrespeetfully, and thon rltli milch cmphnsls lie added, "and if you aro iso, you will not speak to him on tho subjeot. I would rather tell you tho reason mysalf than that should happen. ', "If you will explain the matter, that will satisfy mc," I answered, struok by tho earnest ness of the man's manner ; "and, of course, I do not wish to get any oho into trouble." "Well, Bir, tlio fact is 'tlio princo ' iB walking. Ah, as I thought, ,you liava never heard of ' tlio prince.' l'ray to Heaven than you may never seo him. Tlio story is this : — A Air. Ainslie, gooducss knows how many years ago, lost his littlo daughter in this wildornoss ; whether Bhe was stolen or etrnyed was never known. Sho was lost and nover found. Her distreoled father searched every corner of the plaee in vain, and whon hope wsb over, hung himself to ono of the trees. At tho samo time of tho year as when slie disappeared, which is tho present time, he still soarchos for her. I have seen him myself, though, thank Heaven, only in tbe distance. That is why tlio wilderness is forbidden to visitors, and this gato kopt looked daring tho summor months." Then I rcmemboicd how particular my host had been on the previous evening lo restrict my fishing to the homo part of the river. "Then this ghost does not haunt the house?" I said. "No, nover; his haunting the wilderness is had enough, and my master cannot bear the lease niiusion to It." "And why is this spectra callod 'tho princo ?' " " I don't know as to that, sir. Ho is always in blaok— as though in mourning for his littlo ohild — and wears a sort of wideawake, with a feather in it, a headgear, I'vo been told, as was common in those far away timos." I concluded, of oourso, and rightly, that his Iikoncns to tho stage conception of Hamlot had caused tlio ghost to havo the title of princo con- forrod upon him. I did not entirely believe tho keeper's tale, hut it was olear that he bolioved it ; anil I made up my mind to try no abort out through " tho wildernoaa." I theroforo gavo the man somo monoy, and wob just turning to tako tho road I camo, when' np came the two Eurtons from their fishing 011 their way back to the inn. I hognn to tell thorn the strango story that had just been told mc, while I yet stood at tho gato, and the keeper beside mc, not dis pleased perhaps to seo now faces, for his homo was lonely enough ; when suddenly I10 shrieked out, " the prince, the princo !" and ran into tho lodge witli n face as white as a slieot, and thero about 100 yards away was a tall figure drcssod exactly as lie had described, walking slowly and looking carofully about him on all sides as if for something lost. Ho came no nearer, but being in a " ride " out through tho trees parallel to wlioro wo woro standing, and gradually moved out of sight. "Horo's myolianco of seoing a ghost," cried Charley, pushing through the gate, whioh had been left half open, and running swiftly in the direction whero tho figure had disannearod. " Como back," I cried, I must say in consider able alarm. " Come baok," cried his brother, but he paid no hoed, and the major followed him at full speed. I confess I felt rooted to the spot, and the moro bo when tho gatekeeper camo out of the lodge wringing his hands in a sort of agony, and orying, "They are lost men, both of them." Ho and I etood listening, not knowing- what to do, for perhaps 10 minutes, and thon oamo tho major hurrying baok,. bis faoe palo as death, and with the sweat running down it. "A hurdle," he orled with breathless haste ; "I want it to carry Oharloy— lio lias had a fit." There wero hurdlos round tlio gatekeoper'e garden to koop tho rabbita off, and wo pullod up ono of them, and with it followed the major as fast as wo oould go. Charley was lying on the grass on the same "ride" along whioh the prince had passed — speechless, motionless, dead. It was a dreadful businoss carrying the poor fellow to tlio inn, which he had loft in youth and Btrcngth only a few hours before. Tho major was overwhelmed, not only with grief, but horror. " Sod as thia sight is," lio said, pointing to tho dead lad when we had put him on bis bed, "it ia not shocking, like. the sight that killed him." And lie put up his hands to his bronzed faoe as if to hide some terriblo scene. "If you would Btop with me bore till tho inquest is over; and1 1 can take the poor lad up to town," ho oontinued, "it would bo a groat oharity. Aly nerves, I am ashamod to say, aro shattered." It was amazing to lioiir a mnn talk liko that who had boon twioo mentioned ia des patches, and was known to ho one of tho brarcBt men in the British army, and it iir> pressed mo with tho horror of the speotaclo ho must have behold— almoBt hut not quite— as much as the description he afterwards gavo me of it.' Of oourso I acceded to his request, nnd wrote a note to Ainslio, saying that an acoidont had ocourred to a friond of mine at tho inn, nud begging him to send my things Ho did so, but never camo himself, for whioh I do not blnmo him ; he had learned wbnt had ocourred, and was himself almost out of his mind with distress and horror. Tiie prcsonco of "thoprinoo" in " tho wilderness " was the drop of bitterness in his onp of life that gavo its tasto to tho wholo/ No wonder he was so sensitive about what was said of tho castle boing haunted, though bo far as that wont-, he could conscientiously deny it. As for me, though my sojourn tho next fow days nt tho inn was melanoholy enough, I much preferred it to my fino room at the oastle, with its views of "tho wildernoBs." . Ainslio wasvorymuoh liked in the neighbor hood, and though tho facts were well known enough, they woro so adroitly manipulated by tho coroner and a sympathetic jury that the ver dict was simply " acoidontal death;" the doctor certified tlmt tlio docoaeod had died in a fit, whieb liad'indeed been thacaso; a fit produced by tlio Bhock of an overwhelming fear. It was somo timo before tho major oould bear to talk about tho thing, but niter a while his nerves recovered tlipmnnlvpn. anrl ha tsnn nl»ln +» tell mo what had happened, but' in a very different tone ' from what he was wnnt tn lion "What upset him (as lio termed it) iu narrating it was, ho confessed, not tbe remembrance of Oharley'B catastrophe (though novor was brother more holnvod than ho), but that of tho speotaclo whioh had oaused it. Charloy had started after what he called tho glioat so fast that ho had koenunablo to overtake him, but he saw him overtake 1 1, never abating ono jot of his speed. "The prince" took no notice of his presence till ho rcaohad him, when ho turned slowly round and confronted him face to faeo, and with ono shrill ory of terror Charloy had fallen backwards on tho turf, as though a ballot had pierced His brain. IVhat ho had scon, and what his brother Haw, though not so close, was the face of a dead man, with protruding oyeB, and fenturos Bwollon nnd black. There was an expression of agonised inquiry in tho' hideous faeo that seemed to de mand its answer.' "I havo scon death tn fifty forms," said tho major, " but I would rather dio fifty dcntliB my- solf than sea it again in that form. Tho figure did not delay, but walked slowly on as before,, looking to right and left, but not, thank Heaven, looking round again. When I saw that poor Oharloy was sensekss and could tako no more harm I ran baok for liolp, nnd— I oonfess it— to got tho companionship of my kind. Yon must oxouse mo," added tho major, , " when I say I never wish to Bpcnk upon this subjeot again to any man.'' 