THE CARR0ND0WN WIFE ASSAULT CASE. ARMSTRONG GUILTY OF AT TEMPTED MURDER. IMPRISONMENT FOR LIFE. The afternoon of Tuesday, the first day of the October Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court, was occupied with the trial of Hamilton Armstrone. who waa oharcred with havin? at Carrondown on July 24, 1893, feloniously and unlawfully wounded Sarah Armstrong, his wife, with intent to do her 6ome bodily injury, and with intent to kill and murder her. Mr. V. F. Smith appeared for the defence, nnd raised a preliminary objection to the in dictinent) on the ground that the two counts it embraced were repugnant to each, and that consequently the whole was bad. His Honor overruled the objection, saying that the counts wero not ab variance, and that it was for the J ury to deoide as to the guilt or otherwise of the accused on either the leaser or the graver count. Sarah Armstrong, wife of the prisoner, and living at Carrondown, appeared in Court with dressings around her head, and was tho first witness called. She eaid that up to July 24 she had been on good terms with her husband, who had -it that time been home for a week after a visit to Melbourne. On the morning of the day mentioned witness was dressing in tho bedroom, the husband being in bed an the time. Whilst engaged in putting on her boots she suddenly Io3t consciodsneps. When she came to she was lying on the floor, and there upon screamed. The wound on witness's head was not there before she lost con sciousness. Cioss-examined by Mr. Smith — Pnor to her husband's visit! to Melbourne be said ho had lost hia salvation, and he thought he might oe able to regain it if he went back. He had at one time been con nected with the Salvation Army at Echuca, ar.d he said he thought it would be batter for his spiritual Htateif he went back to the people there. They had been married for about ten months, and since their marriage her husband had nob done any work. Soon after the marriage the husband went away, and witness then went back to live at her own house, where the events she had previously detailed took place. He wanted her to sell her own house, but she said ohe would will it to her children. Shortly before he went to Mel bourne ho was one day going to jump into the water in the Botanic Gardens. When he returned from Melbourne he aaid he had been in a hospital, bat did not Bay for what reason. Re-examined by the Crown Prosecutor — Since their marriage witness had supplied him with monay. Ho took to drinking after the marriage, Robert Stuart, legally qualified medical practitioner, of Hindmarah, said he waa called to the house of Mrs. Armstrong at about half- past S o'clock on the morning of July 21. Found a Boalp wound about an inch and a half loDg on the back of the head, bub did not notice any symptoms of depression. The wound might have been caused by the iron dog produced, aud had evidently been sustained within a couple of hours of the time witness saw Mrs. Armstrong. A subsequent examination with Dr. Poulton revealed three additional small wounds on the richt anterior part of the head and a fracture of tho scalp. All the four wounds could not have been caused by one blow. An operation had to be performed to save her life, which was endangered by the wound. Did not think ehe was in danger now. Lance-Corporal W. Boath, stationed at Hmdmarsh, stated that at about 8 a.m. on July 'i the accused oame to the Hindmarah Police Station, and said, 'I want to give myself in charge, because I've killed my wife with a piece of iron.' He was excited and anxious to get into the cell. Went to the house, and there saw Mrs. Armstrong lying on the b6d. There was a considerable amount of blood on Mrs. Armstrong's head and hand3 and her clothes. Found the iron dog produced in the room. There were several hairs on the foot of the dog. When cautioned the accused said, ' I must have been mad ; I hit her with the iron dog.' In coming to the Court on the following morning Arm strong said, 'I have been suffering from religious mania lately, end have beon for two weeks in the Melbourne Hospital. I intended to coni9 and see you last night to tell you the state of my mind.' About nine months ago the accused took again to drinking habits. Dr. Alexander S. Paterson, Colonial Sur geon, eaid ha had specially examined and observed Armstrong sinoa hia admission to the gaol, and had not been able to detect any disease of the brain or impaired intelligence or memory. He possessed apparent self control. Believed the accused, at the timo understood right from wrong. Armstrong told witness that he had been in the hospital ward of the Melbourne Gaol on account of inability to control himself, and that he had suicidiai inclinations. He further claimed that he waa insane at the time he committed the offence— suffering from reli gious mania and 'irresistible impulse.' He claimed to be sane now. The defendants statement, made at the Police Couit, waa put iu aud read. Mr. Smith said the only evidence he proposed to call waa aa to tho accused's state of mind. Sarah Ann Wilson, widow, of South Mel bourne, stated that the accused, who was a cousin of hers, came to her houso on June 23. After he had been there for some time he talked about religion, and Baid that he had sinned against the Holy Ghost, that he could not get forgiveness, and that hell was open before him. He then knelt down in the passage and priyed.- Next day took him out for a walk, and when in Smith- street, Collingwood, he knelt down, and afterwards began calling out and praying in the 6treets. In the evening witness sent for a doctor, who prescribed for Armstrong. After the doctor had left he (the accused) walked around the house and asked where the knives were kept, saying ho wanted to cut his throat. On the following morning Armstrong wa3 found banging up in the yard by a dog ohain. There was a log of wood lying alongside the accused's feet. He was Cot down, and then said he must pufc an end to himself, and put a clotheslino around his nock. Afterwards went to the police and gave himself in charge. This was on June 25. and on .July 8 he was re leased by the pohco and stayed with witness till the following Saturday. During the interval he appeared to be as mad as before. Armstrong's aunt had died in a lunatic asylum in Ireland. Witness had known him all his life, and was not aware that ho had unduly indulged in drink. Miss Wilson, a daughter of the previous witness, pave oorroborativ-6 evidence. John Porter, chemist, of Rundle-etreet, stated that on Friday, .Inly 21, Armstrong came to his shop in the evening, and, in reply to a question as to what was wtong with him, said — 'Everything is the matter. I ought not to havecome back from Melbourne. A voice told me 011 the steamer that I ought not to have some back.'' When asked whether he had been drinking Armstrong aaid he had not been drunk for a fortnight ; he h»d only had a glnss of beer. He also stated that after he had left Melbourne in the steamer Aramao he had got off soon after starting and had then gone on to a coal steamer, by wliich he came to Adelaide. H6 said the devil had sent him back to Adelaide, and further that a statement mado by a Mr. Nancarrow anent a sun that oould not be forgiven was running throuch his brain, and that suicide and death were fol lowing him. It had been his inten tion, he said, to commit suicide that nicht, but he had altered his mind. Witness could not detect any traces of drink about Armstrong. Had noticed some eccen tricities in the accused's conduct since about two years previously. Dr. Patereon, recalled, stated that when examined at the Gaol Armstrong knew the difTtrenco between ri(?ht and wrong. A period of calm usually succeeded the outburab of violence. It was within about forty-eiehfe hours after the committal of the crime that witness saw Armstrong. Had huard of capes where a great moral shock had led to the dis nppearanco of symptoms of insanity. The man's recovery from tha condition described by Mr. Porter was bo rapid that witneis thought it likely to have been due to an artificial cause, such as drink ing and smoking. If the plea of insanity wa3 accepted Armstrong was danKerou?. Symptoms arisinc from drinkinpr might laat) for some time after the drinking had besn discontinued. Witness would rather not reply to the question whether any portion of the evidence indioated irresistible impulse In his addreFs to the Jury Mr. Smith pointed out the entirn absence of motive, and get out that if tho Jury were unable to find that the assault had been committed with felonious id tent they could simply find him guilty of wounding. Everything pointed to the fact that tho man was not accountable for all his doings. TTin Honor the Chief Justice gave an exhaustive Eummintr up, indicating that there could ba no doubt aa to the committal of the attack by the prisoner, but that the gravn question for the Jury to consider waa what was the man's state of mind at the time. It was just before 6 p.m. when the gentle men of the Jury retired to consider their verdict, which, given after nn hour and a half's deliberation, waa 'Guilty of attempted murder.' His Honor, in passing sentence, said that in the whole course of his experience he had not met with a more wanton and cruel act than that of which the prisoner had been found guilty. The question of his sanity bad been carefully presented to the Jury, who bad come to the conolusion— and he (His Honor) oould see no reasor to differ from it— that the prisoner was responsible for bis actions at the time he committed the offence, although ha had been eccentrio in his behaviour for a long time previously, and that b« powssed a knowledge of tho quality of the deed. It bad ooly been by the merest accident that the oruel weapon used had not caused the death of Mrs. Arm strong. A very little more force than that used for theinfliotionof either of the two blows, or possibly a slightly differenb inclination of the victim's head, could have resulted in instantaneous death. The penalty of the law in the case of a terrible crime like that of whioh the prisoner bad been found guilty was imprisonment for life, and he thought that thia was right, because a man who had been guilty of attempted murder was morally aB guilty a8 a man who completed the act. In this (Armstrong's) case there had b6en no failure of resolution on the part of the prisouer, for it was but by mere accident that the terrible blows inflicted had not caused the death of the victim. No motive had been shown for the act, and there waa certainly not the excuse of any immediate provooatioa. He did not feel justified ia eayinp that a man of the prisoner's character should be at large. It inif-ht happen that after long years of servitude and expressions of contrition for hia offence by the prisoner that the prerogative of mercy would be exercised in his behalf. It was hia plain duty to pass the extreme penalty provided by the law for offences such as this, and the sentence of the Court was that Arm Strong should be kept imprisoned for the term of his natural life. The prisoner — ' Can I speak a word now':' The Judge — ' No.' xVrmstrong, who had watched the proceed ings without any display of emotion or feeling, was then removed from the dock. The unfor tunate wife of the convicted man remained Beated in the Court, and did not appear to realize tho naturo of the proceedings that had just taken place. 