A Reporter's Ghost. Three o'clock in tin: morning is an uncanny In. ur the world over ox cent at police head quarters or in the office of a morning news- pai>er, and it was at this laiter place at the hour named, Oral- four or live rcpoitere, having sent, in all their copv and listened to uie i 01 email swear mr io mwuios necause ne had two columns of space and 10 columns of matter that ' must go in." sat with their feet on the labies and lbs.ir c.hairbarks knocking the plastering iff, talking over the S deject which is ie-t as new to-day as it was when Adam di ff.-d his beaver and 6aid " How it'y' do? 'to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and each one was informing the other 111 ail seriousness that he should marry. ' What for J" inquired Claude Browne of Frank Jones. "Because," replied Frank, " it's only the proper way to live." "A nice husband a reporter would make," said Claude in ri butial, coming in at 3 «><> efc a.m., and h aving home as soon as he got bis 12 o'clock breakfast." " Hut bis wife wonVi always know where he w as, and if she didn't she know wbrre- ever he was ke was alter an item," remarked Charlie Smith. " Will," put in Claude, -'if you think it's such a great snap, why don't you get mairied." " Can't," said Ciicrlie, very pos tively. " Why 110' ?" " TtiiMidiraLion, man, Low's a fellow to buy a whole steamboat when he hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank ? How's a man to buy boose arid lot when he can't, buy a shovel full of dirt ?" "Trial's it,'" interrupted Claude: "how's a man to do anything if lie doesn't do ii. ? "What's the mutter with marrying a rich girl ?'' " Where's the gitl queried Charlie. " l'ienly of them. Gills with money always need a disbuising agent, and they will trust a husband when tltey won't trust an cider in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the girl h..s her heart set 011 a hu-band and can't get liiin ?" Smith argued nubile against matrimony and at haif-past siaried for home. He was thinking the conversation over, and as he tiudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor wa not only a kaot 011 a log, but be was a very louts. cue knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city, and as he passed a fine house liis reverie was distiii bed by the peculiar click of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked ali awav hy the icpoiluii.-d instinct, and lie saw instead of a blushing, blooming Mr- Smith, a burglar eta king a millionaire's dining room and making off with his silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to have oa the other fellows, and slipping imo the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was net vous and was more anxious to opeu the door than he was to preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutinised the door closely, and discovered that r lie robber was pot, on the outside, but was evidently within, and was working his way out, aud he felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture bis rami with the handle on his person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trained it 011 the door, and an instant afterward the door swung open, and Charlie was ready lo be cry "throw up your hands," when instead of a burglar a ghost came out. " It can't be a ghost," he whispered in an nss'JTirur tnm» tc. Inmsplf fnr oBnsJs uulock doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what thedesce is it?" lie hadn't long to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out into the vestibule and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and v. hen abont half way to the pavement stopped. By garry," said the reporter, ' it's a woman, and she got on a night-gown. I'll have to see about this," and with his revolver ready in case of accident, he stenped out of the show and spoke to the ghostly walker. " Good evening," he said nervously. " No excuse me. mean good morning. If you're going to market, may be you'd better go back aud put 011 an ulster." Ordinal ily Charlie would have been more gallant, but this was anything but an ordinary affair, and he didn't require news paper instinct to tell hint so. The sheeted figure made no reply, but moved again and came toward him. The cold chills chased each other down his back and he looked for a jxtliceman, with the usual result. " -Stand back," he said, "this pistol ain't loaded, but it might go off." But 011 it came, and Charlie found that his legs wouldn't move in spite of all he could do to make them. One step more and he stood face to face "'hu uis BtiiuigL uitvu>yrj? <VTIU vnniiiu cRW that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and be began to feel better. " I beg your pardon," be said , "but the night air is cool, and you appear to be dressed rather lightly, Can I render yoa any assistance? Is there anyone iu the house that has frightened you ?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, stepped to the vnung woman's side, and gen ly took her i y the :<rm. She turned her face to him and iheti the mystery was solved. "Another Amina," he said, " La Sonnam- bula off the stage, with a reporter as first, tenor and leading man. "Veil, this is a go 1' " I've got to take her in the house anyhow, that's plain," he said to himself, and he gently led the willing walker back up to the door, and rang the bell, and rang it with a foriy-bouse power draft. The next minute the beautiful sleeper was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in liis arms in a dead faint, and he made a dash wilh liis burden into the hall, only to meet a healthy young man. in even less dishabille. " What's this ?" he shouted, making a grab atJChailie's thront. bhutthe door, you idiot." gurgled Charlie, dropping the girl on the floor and almost putting bis foot, on her after the manner of sic semper iyranris. Wont does this mean ?" again sl.oii'ed the young mon, and the icnisiuJer ot ">h'- Smnily osiue running down stairs, none of (hem fixed to see cempany, " Let poof me and shut that door, and i'm eil you," wheezed Charlie. " You don't want to raise ths neighbourhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you ?" Some or the other members of the family hy this time had rescued the reporter : nd shut the door, and while the mother and the servants carried the nnconreions girl up- s'airs, Charlie told the father ai d son how he had tin t the young lady, and what the trouble was. Both men knew linn by sigh', and had met h m n 'change and elsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain t .c situa tion. Half-an-bour later the reporter was rt home iu bed and dreaming sweet dreams «f pretty girls and all sorts of romantic things. When he reached the office next day a note was waiting for him, and hew.-s inviud to call lhat evening on the mo'ihir of the young lady. He called, of course. He saw the mother ; he saw the daughter, blushing and beautiful, arid now, if Charlie is a bachelor much longer Ihere will be a breach of promise sub or some olherdreadfu! caiamitv, for CharlieV mind is made up— - — " Free i'ress." 