\- A LADY'S LETTER FROM SYDNEY. I [By Parthenope] Of course I must begin my letter this week with a description of the arrival of our Governor and his family, for it was, as might have been expected, the event of the week in Sydney. The Paramatta arrived in the harbour early on Monday morning, and the official landing was not to take place until 2 o'clock in the afternoon. As soon, however, as the vessel arrived the Health Officer, Sir George Dibbs, the Principal Under-Secretary, the Master of the Mint, Major-General Hutton, Captain Hixson and Captain Rupert Leigh went off in a launch and breakfasted with the Vice-regal party. They all went to Government House, where they were met by the Lieutenant-Governor. After sponding the morning at Government House they (the Vice-regal party and the Premier) returned to the Parramatta, whence they came ashore at 2 p.m. with great éclat. H.M.S. Orlando and the Spanish warship Nautilus boomed out a salute of 17 guns, cannon blazed away at Dawes' Point, the spectators sent up cheer, and the band played the National Anthem There was a body of military with police interspersed on either side of Loftus and Bridge streets, and right up, to the inner Domain gates. Every building along the route was alive with spectators. They climbed on the roof, up balconies, and to any place where there was room to plant a foot-and where there was not in too many cases. On Sir Robert and Lady Duff landing (for the second time), the Mayor stepped forward with an address. His Excellency responded, and he was then introduced to several of the company by the Premier. Then they drove away to their new home-Sir Robert and Lady Duff, Miss Duff, Captain Leigh, Misses Dorothy and Heather Duff, Mr. Galton and Mr. Baird. Afterwards came the Premier, the Attorney-General, and an astonishing number of Ministers and influential men generally. Tin n followed the swearing-in ceremony, and afterwards, addressing and welcoming speeches ad libitum. And now we are formally invested with a governor, I am sure Sir George Dibbs must be re- joicing that the ceremonies are over. there was a little demonstration given by the crowd entirely for him, that must have been far from flattering. But public men grow >ct|u«tom«d to the sort of thing. When the Premier was crossing over near the Treasury to attend the face a howl of execration went upon his behalf. He merely glared at them in a sufficiently scorn- ful manner, whereupon they screamed louder than over. When he returned from the here's, the crowd became more boisterous. The street was blocked and the traffic stopped. Orange pool began to fly, and to gravitate merrily towards the Premier's 'ace. Was there over a public fray of any description in which orange peel did not play its part. The Premier was risked in tearful tones, "How about the thousand pounds," and other little items of general interest. he jumped from his carriage, glared at the crowd, and marched into the safe precincts of his own department. When Sir Henry Parkes appeared upon the scene, cheer upon cheer for him lose upon the air. Enough about the Governor. Now for Society in general. Mrs. Prendergast gave a delightful tennis party at her residence, Merioola, last Saturday. Amongst the guests were Mrs. Forbes Angus, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Macarthur, Mrs. Villeneuve-Smith, Miss Clara Manning, and Miss Nellie Hill. A very pretty wedding was held last Wednesday at St. Peter's Church, North Sydney. The contracting parties were Miss Elizabeth Arthur, daughter of the Rev. D. Arthur, of Corrimal, and Mr. S. Frazer Clark, Surgeon-Captain medical staff Imperial Army. The bride's dress was of rich ivory satin, trimmed with old Irish lace. Her tulle veil fell in graceful folds to the ground, and was kept in place by a wreath of orange blossoms. On her neck was a lovely pearl necklace. 'Her' bridesmaids were three in number, and I were attired in cream Surah is mined with green velvet, with hat to match. The best man was Captain Legge, and the groomsmen Captain Mason and Lieutenant Richardson. All three, as well as the bridegroom, wore uniform. The bride's travelling robe was of a very pretty shade of dark heliotrope, relieved with a paler shade, and hat to match. There was a very large number of guests, and the breakfast was held at Crow's Nest, Mdme Cecilia Summerhayes gave an "At home " last Monday at her residence, Lambeth, Strathfield. There were about 30 guests present, and a charming musical programme was provided. Sterndale Bennett's serenade for the pianoforte, violin and violoncello, gave great satisfaction. The Prince Alfred Hospital ball has been postponed indefinitely, as one more result of the bank reconstruction fever. This is a very great pity, for the hospital is in sore need of funds. Indeed it is said that unless some substantial pecuniary relief is given, one or two of the wards will have to be closed. Of course this would not be lamentable if a proportionate number of people would refrain from accidents and illnesses, and thus in a measure compensate for this most inconvenient bank fever. We hear that Mr. Phil May is thinking and i speaking of returning to Sydney. Needless to say, if he does come he may rely upon a warm welcome from his many admirers and friends here. They have been having rather exciting events in dramatic circles at the' Teatro Communal Tries'c. Ghosts has been produced there, and we are told that the progress of the third Act was interrupted by a great commotion, ladies fainting, shrieking and somctimesdisappearing,' At last every- body present asked for the curtain to be lowered, and this was done before the piece was at an end." . , , Are the cotter songs popular in Tasmania 1 I suppose so. In these merry laughter loving southern colonies . these seem to take wonderfully. It is only in the most artistically musical countries that they would be tabooed. I hear Mr. Lionel, Rignold and his shipmates gate Mrs. 'Enery 'Awkins at Naples,, with the result that his audience was shocked. _ Apropos, of nothing in particular, unless it be the only wedding have mentioned this week, I read the other day another, definition for love. Love is a liquid, fund, the proposition that proceeds to'provothis assertion is that it fills the heart to overflowing, so that one dropmore would make it run over. Therefore love is. a liquid, L.E.D. " ~ _~ 