RUGWELL SCHOOL, OB NED STANLEY'S FURTHER CAREER (Br J. A. Maitland, R.N.) CHAPTER IV.— Continued. A FEW days afterwards, in order to cheer himself up— for poor Glen ham's troubles made him feel veiy sad — lie took a long walk into the country with two of his friends. and on their return to the town, Ned proposed that they should dine together at the principal inn. This was agreed to, anil they entered the inn, and dined in the c-ifiee- room. After they had dined, they sat chatting awhile, until soiuo per sons — students as they saw iiy their gowns and caps — took their seats in the next box, and called for wine and cigars. Just, however, us Ned and his friends were going to leave, Ned, to his great surprise, heuid his own name tneutiotu'd. 'Come away,' said he to his friends, taujjhing. ' Listener?, they say, never hear any goad --i them selves, and I don't care to hear any evil.' ' I'd stay if my r.ame was -nen- tioned by stran»*:r.'-',lsaid one of his friends. ' In .^ueli a case as this, I tbink you should stay and learn why iLey speak of you. It maj' he for some evil purpose.' So Ned conseiiU'd to leronin, and was soon very giud tiiot he did so. ' Who is lliis Stanley ?' said another of the |.;::ty in the next hox. 'Is he w.uih yilucking V (That is, phindeiiiii.' Iiy cheating at card?, or in other v\ a\ -.) ' lie's only a f mini's son,' was the n-ply, ' I'tit his f .thcr is a rich farmer, and he's ;m only son. I should say we might jr«»t a thousand pounds out of hiiii. The old man would pay that sum to h-nve his son from disgrace. You may' t-e sue that Ned's eors were wide enough i-j-i-n i»ow, forJie knew tbni the scou1 ? ifs who mid swindic' and ru.ncd his poor friend '..ere in tho next box'. The fellows v .t on to toll 1 w 'spooney,' as {...-y culled it, Gen ham was at (ii-t. 1 If Iie'd had any notion why we asked him io mil nu.ins,' said one, 'he'd never have c-nne near us. He used to te'l us tales of the good ness of hia mother and sister, and so forth, and how his mother bnde him beware of camt'Ier-, and people of that sort, and we pi etended to agree with him. Then they told how they had tempted him at first, l-y persuading him to join tlnm in a harmless game of whist, for fun, and then they went on to repeat Glenham's story, just as Ned l.ad heard it from the poor young fellow himself — only they made a joke of hh misery. ' Yes,' said one of (he party, when the story was told, ' he'll have to confess to the old ia-;y and his sister before the thr-e months are up, or he'll be ruined h« 1 expelled from the college. 'But the old lady and her daughter will come to grief, said an other. 'Th'y'rt- pour enough now I hear — stintirt-riliriu-i lves in every way to keep GieuLim at college.' ' I daresay 1 Hut what's that to us ?' said another. ' Let 'ein all go to the dogs tugetl.tr, so that we get money,' It was all (lint Ned cnuld do from keeping Jiim.self I mm jumping up and telling the fellows that they were a pack of scoundrels, who ought to he expelled from college. But he tcstrained himself and he was very glad aiWwards that he did so. 'But this young fellow Stanley,' said one of the party, after they (Continued on page 3.) liad done talking of Glenham's Tain. 'They say that nobody can 'tempt him to gamble. He's not so , soft as that poor tool Glenhatn.' * Trust me, I'll win him over. I can play the hypocrite in a style that would deceive the Old One himself— the chief of hypocrites. Once we'll get hold of him, I'll 'warrant that we hold him fast till we've done with him. Get him -into the way of believing in his good luck, and he'll bite as well as the weakest fool that ever stripped. Then, when we get him well last, so that he can't get out of our dutches. Kingsgate will come over Mm with that trick of the ace of spades, and, as I said, we'll pluck J»im to the tune of a thousand pounds, at least, before we let him ' I say, Kinysgate,' put in an other, ' how did you find out that trick with the ace ot spades ? I never saw a trick by which you can cheat a fellow so easily, with a xertainty that the cheat will never be discovered.' * Never you mind how I discovered it,' said the student addressed as Kingsgate, laughing, 'I did dis cover it and I think you fellows ought to give me a double share of -our gains, for it's chiefly through that trick of mine that we've swindled a Jot of spoon^ys out of some thousands within tin last two yeats. Why, I have m»-le the for tunes of you fellows, and brought I don't know how many poor, trust ing simpletons to ruin.' * Two 'of them have committed suicide. Don't their ghosts haunt .you, Kingagate ?' asked another; and then there was a general laugh. Ned and his friends were .shocked \- and disgusted, but presently, after speaking a while of other rascali ties, the party rose and quitted the coffee-room. 'At all events, Stanley, you've received a warning of their inten tions concerning you. Poor Glen ham ! I've noticed for same time past that he's been very sad and low-spirited, but I had no idea until this evening of the cause of his sorrow. It's very hard, poor fellow, but he has only to thank his own tolly in running into the snare these fellows laid for him.' said one of Ned's companions. ' I'll «ngage,' he added, ' that they'll not entice you into their society, after -what we have heard to-niyht— eh?' 'On the contrary,' replied Ned. * I intend to join their social circle, an-* visit them as a friend, as soon aa they do me the honour to ask me.' ' Why, my dear fellow, you'd be crazy, after having heard wlwt you've heard to-night !' said the -other friend. ' You think, perhaps, that they'll not be able to come over you as they have come over other fellows, but they'll contrive so to get you into their toils that jou'll be held fast in spite of your seif.' ' Nfver mind,' said Ned, laugh ing. ' How do you know that I don't want to join their society ? They seern to iiave discovered tin easy way of' making money, at any rate. All I ask of you,' he went on, ^should I full into their clucthes and be threatened b- them, is that you, if calied upon, will bear witness to the conversation we have listened to this evening.' ' Well, yes, in that cape we surely will,' replied Ned's friends, suspect ing (bathe hiid some idea in his head, that ho hoped to carry out, of exposing the villainy to which the party in the adjoining box hs-.d confessed. 'But,' said one of the young ukmi, ' If you'll take my ad vice, you'll Iiave no'ihins to do with 'he scoundrels. You know the old p» overly, ' He who t niches pitch is defiled ?' (To be continued.) 