LOOALi NEWS. A special meeting of tbe committee nf the Wide B-ty and Buiuett Pnstoral and Agricultural dociety was held yesterday afternoon. Present — Messrs. Q. dtuakey (chairmen), Toos. Braddock. A. Camp hell, W. L. G. Gibson, H. J Kevre, J. E. Noakes, H. H. Ellwood, Jon. Murray, and Ribert Jones. Tbe Chairman said tbe meeting was called to consider their hank account, elect a President, holding nf a Biimmar shfts And nlhor matters. Mr. Noskes asked who was liable for tbe overdraft? TbeCbalrman : Those gentle men wbn signed tbe bond. Mr. Noakes : Who are they? Mr. Jones eeid be did not tbink it was right to make tbe names of tbe gentlemen public. Referring to tbe bank manager's letter, he said tbey did not seem to quite understand tbe mean ing of it, which was that tbis particular account was cloned so far as any further operations was concerned. It was called an account in liquidation, but it would have to be reduced. It did not prevent the society from opening another acoount. As some of the bondsmen bad given notice to tbe bBnk manager that tbey wished to withdraw, or tliey did not wish their liability increased, the bank mana ger bad to protect them. The boodsmen were liable for tbe amount tbey signed for, and consrquontly there was nothing eUe fnr it bui to put the account iulo liquidation, and if tbe society did uot pay oB something in a reasonable time tbe bondsmen would be called npou to pay up. He suggested tbat if there were any vacancies on the committee that those gentlemen who had siuued tlin tioud be asked to join the committee wltb a view or working the society. If tbey wanted tn be relieved nf tbe responsibility it would be an incentive and to their in terest to assist to carry on the society and make it a success. He supposed that they bad helped to uontraot the debt, and he did nut see that tbey cnuld expect straugurs to oare for it when they did uot care for it tiiemgelve'. If they did uot care to stand side by side with other people who bad uo funoetary responsibility in the mi'ter, ibep deserved m lose. Mr. Gibson said he did not believe tbat tbe boudsmen understood that they were responsible lor Ihe money, otherwise they would not have resigned, but tried tn worb tbe niiciely to get tbe debt paid oft. After furtberdiscusslon on tbe ques tion, iu which tbe mamberB present gave It to bs understood that tbey would net attach tnelr signatures to any hood, but would sooner resign first, Mr. Jones moved, 'That the bank manager be In formed tbat as ihe bank has placed tbe society's old account io liquidation, tbe present committee will use every endea vour to rnilijce the sum. and. meanwhile, the committee wish to be informed whether an account tn be operated upon independently of the old aonount can be opened in tbe B-nk nf New Houth WaleB, and if so, such an account. In be styled If'\ 1 nccnuul. he opened.' Mr. Fevre j seconded the mntion, which was carried. Mr. Jones ats-i moved, 'That the guaran tors who are not on the present commit tee be informed hy letter of thn notice received by the society from the bank, and that they bs Invited tn become mem bers of commiltee and to assist In carry-! Ing on Ihe sooiely In such a manner as will nn'tire the reduction of the bank overdraft without imparlng tbeuselulnnna j nf the society.' Mr. F'vrn seconded the motion, which, after discussion, was carried Mr. J. E. Noakes wa* elected President of the society, In view of the Iripnnial ahnur holm* iioM nnvl naar In Maryborough It was nonsldered advisable lo bIIow the proposed summer show, which was talk'd over at the previous monthly meeting, -o lapse. A dlsousslon nf n conversational character arose over Hie eeerelnryshlp of the society, la wlilnh Mr. Marnden, the prasrnt secretary, wag hliilily spoken nf, hut as the secretary's duties were not properly defined and the triennial show approaching, Mr. Murray moved 'That applications he called for Hii million nf secretary tn tbe enclety, applicants tn state what they wnuld dn the whole wnrk nf thn enolflty for at per annum.' Mr, Campbell seoonded the motion, which was carried. This oou oluded tbe business. Tltu following Is the return and report of the Maryborough Hospital fnr the week ending November 25th, 1693 Remained, 26; sluoe admitted, 7; total, 35; discharged, C; died, 0; remaining, males 22, females S ; total, 30 ; outdoor imiieute, li7 ; tolnl ttouUd, 67. Mr. Fbnwxcic WiltTK, who left Maryborough aonut tbe middle of April last, tn attend the conference nf ibe Right Worthy Urati l L irlge of tlie I O Q.T., at Chicago, us the Qieeusland delegate, re turned to town un Saturday, having in the short »i aoe of seven mouths travelled comnlet. ly round the e irt'li on an easterly cnurse H'i wnt frnm Australia lo Hsu Francisco (Uuited Hi»ti's), thence to Cniitago, luetics tn New York; then across the AtUnilc to Eoglaud, where he stayed some time. H-- then embarked for AiintrHlti tvnihe Msillterronean Sea, S'i z Canal, R»d 8ea, Indian Occau, and r II nrt uieciaxl nf AUeinlla bnuje. Mr, Wnlle states thai he never bad a single day's rough wnatber throughout his sea voyaging. A SPHiMAl, mnetlug of tho Biirunn Divisional B isril will be held nn Thurs day afternoon, lo coullrui the action taken by Km Hoardsmeu who were present at the joint meeting' betweeu tbe Municipal Council and tbe Board relative to th« restoring nf th» tralllc over Bait water Creek, which had been impeded owing to the noil«p9» nf the rirldite. All tlie members of N'\ 1 Subdivision voted for the temporary bridge now Iu course of construction. YudTKKDAV was a very sultry day, with north wind. After mimel a slight storm passed liy lo tne suuttiWHrd, aud thn eveuing uontimieit oppre-nlvp, but the play of lightning in the wet cave some hope of a change. About mldnleht the storm mIowIv approached the tnwn, and from thru til - two in the morning splen did ralu fell, witb much llghtulug and tbunder. This in the first tmptcil down pour we have bad this summer, and has come very lain in tbe year. THERE was a wretched audience at the Town Hall last night to witness the performance by Messrs. Rice and Cot vflle. Professor Rice was (no unwell to appear, but Mr. Colville with the HHsist tanoe of Miss Meriitt, save an entertain ment wblcb whb voteil first-jla^s by the few preseu',aud worthy of better tnpport. They will try their luck again lo-nighi, wnen tbey hope for a better home to life them on tbe road. On Friday evening, December 8;h, tb« children attending the State School at Maryborough (west) wsli eive an enter tainment In the ebape of a cantata en titled 'A Holiday Concert.' We strongly recommend all those who wish to spend a pleaeaut eveuing, as well ns help a grand cause, to attend on that occasion and show the young people tbat their efiorte are appreciated. At tbe Council meeting to-night, amongst other business will be the con sideration nf a recommendation by the Finance Committee that applications he called fnr thn position ofTown Clerk aud valuer, applicants tn state salary re quired. The (lew by-laws will also be confirmed at special meeting to he held to-Dight after the ordinary meeting. A STOKE and dwelling bouse belonging to Mr. Divid D»vfe«, and situated at the junction of the river and Excelsior roads, Gympie, were totally destroyed by flre early ou Sunday morning l«st A large portion nf merchandise aud furniture contained in the places was also destroyed. Tbe buildings were- Insured fnr something over £300. The: Jumna, the nest nf the Rnyal Mail steamers calling in at Hervey's Bay iu cnnnection with tbe monthly service from Londou, is now travelling down tbe northern coast. She left Cooktown at 1 p.m. yesterday, being two days ahead of her time, and at this rate she can be expected in Hervey's Bay at the end of tbe present week. Dawson and Son's have just received a supply of tbe XmaB number of tbe Ladies' Pictorial, the great feature of wbiob is a sensational story .by Mi°s Braddou. It is profusely illustrated, and finely got up throughout. Thu advauce agent nf tbe ever popular Taylor-Carrimrinu Dramatic Company is now in town arranging lor tbe appearance nf tbe company in Marybnrougb next week iu the drama, ' Unjustly Sen tenced.' Tuk iofluetiza ha* taken a great hold upon the town, anil most business estab lishments are working short banded owing lo tbe number of employers and employees who dre|nn the sick liet from etia-t cause. The Spelling B-se and Concert iu aid of the School of Alts takes p!*ce in the Town Hall ou Fi-May m-;bt. and tbe arrangements for the occasion are pro ceeding satisfactorily. J Mr. C. Bhearston, of Uytuple, has ju-*c received tbe ue^s of '.he death of his mother, who died iu Englaud un 8th September, aged 100 years aud 5 m.intbs, she having ti-en liorp on 9 h April, 1793 Ths man Richard*, who was arrested iu Bundaherg on Friday last on a charge ot larceny as a bailee, will appear before the Police Court tbis morning. A younu lady in a southern country town was fouud lo be suffering from measles immediately after bur wetldiug, aud wits at once feolated Tub erasshoioers are scouring the Moree (N.S.W ) district on Hie outskirts of the town. There are millious of this pest ilyiug io a northerly direction. oik. j &t-.; *jAi»n*iifc.i.iii win preacn iu tne Danish Chapel for four nights, commenc ing to-nigbi. The opening of Madame Ridge's 'jri-ua lias been postponed till 6th D^omli -. The Government nf. Queensland otter every vear three exhibitions for universi ties. Each exhibition is or three years' duration and of the annual value nf £100. The examinations for these exhibitions are noun prnoecding under the auspices ol the Sydn-'y University and tbe nverslgbt of Mr. D Ewart, general inspector. Tbey commenced in the ofllussof the D'part rannt of Publio Instruction, In the Public Buildings ou Thursday, thn 23rd Instant, and will be finished ou Friday. December | 1\. The foll.iwlng ars tbe uamen of tbe pupils who urn si 'ting for examination ; B.J. Barker, Ipswich; A I. Blue, Mary borough: W. Cran. Toowoontliu: T. Derbyshire. Brisbane ; K. P. Sutdes. Brisbane ; (4. Wood, Ipswich ; and C. F. G. Webntsr, BrUbine. — 'Ir.hfjroph. SPE(.tIAl- alien! Ion Is directed tn Finney, Isles, and Co.'s announcement In our advertising columns. They have just made extensive cash purohasen In the Siuthern markets, and intend to sell them at extraordinary low prices First I 'hlpments will be ready fnr Inspection nn Weduveday next. Further particulars will b-- advertised as Ibe goods ureopisued up. Wonderful Baiiuainb. — Wo are offering 1000 Boys' Fancy S'.raw Hats, at 9d.; 1000 Girls' Good Mushroom Hats, hought |ob, 1)1 ; 1000 Girls' Fashionable White Sailor, Is, See them I D00NAN & Hanmiy, Dr. BurJ'tiElt'g Eucalyptua Ointment —A Household Remedy for Sores, Burns, Old WouudB, Sun-burns, Chafing, &c.;' &o.; Sole agent for Queensland (to whom all orders must be He 111), A D. Haurap, Cheujiut LUryboiuugb, Mrs. Phillips, the wife of ono of Glassou's victims, aud who was nearly done to death by ihe murderer, Ins arrived In Sydney. She hover-Mi for days and weeka belween life and de«Ui, and at odd i, line It thought the great shock end tlin awful wound she received wnuld be Ion much for her. The careful nursing anil tlii wttpnilon hestownd ou hor by her Cir-jnar friends pulled ber through, mill now (writes a Sydney aorreipnnritvi') she Is able to np.ve Ii'inilt. A friend who has seen li'fr 'Inco .her anival In 8y. Iney says she look* vi-rv pale— mere like u ghost til.,'' i bumi'i being. Her lace Is pal' at,.; bioodlis-, and hnr nyi-e sunken and lack-lustre. It In not lo be W 'Udersd at, noor t'limm, She has had sn awful experience, aun bow she got throuiih it, g»odu--hs only knnws. It Is thought that tbe City Bank will give her an annuity. Some say tbe corporatlnu will be ulce and put ber down for £300 per annum. It Is to be hoped so, for certainly though poor Phillips wee unable to defend himself, he did all he aould to prevent the bank belog rubbed, and he lost bis life In the defence of the corporatiou propeiti*. Oh ! those SnntB ! 'Tbe appointment of tbe Earl of Elgin to be the Viceroy of India,' Bays the Sooltixh Leader, puis tbe ooplng stone on Scottish uppoint ments abroad. At this moment Great Britain is virtually ruled by Scotsmen ' Then follows a list of Scotch Governors, beginning with the Earl of Aberdeen and ending wltb Sir J, S. Hay (Barbados). Tbe Leader goes no to say: — 'Ail In tbeir turn are uuder Mr. Gladstone, whoBe father was a Leith man. Our foreign aQairs are entrusted to the Earl of Rneebery ; tlie army is controlled by Mr. Campbell-Bannerman ; the borne affairs aiemauaged by Mr. Asquitb.' Mrs.Tyacke, Iu her book of adventure on tbe frontier ol India, tells of a friend wbn had s European maid in India, who had many aspirants to her hand among the crowd of Ttin,-tius At kinses. One day she c-*me to her tnietress and asked permis sion to get married. Tbe latter inquired who way -the iitvourod one. Tbe girl re plied he was a soldier. 'Really,' re plied ibe lady, 'and wbat's bis name?' 'Oti. ma'am,' replied tbe bride-elect, '1,'dnn't kuow bin) well enough to ask him that yet !' One thing was observed at tbe fashion able first night, attendauce at the new Savoy opera (so at least a London corres pondent avers). Tbe ladies bave taken advantage nf their slay in tbe country, he says, lo change the colour of their bsir from the golden-auburn and rnddisb tints which were formerly In vogue to the nut-brown shade whicti has recently come iutu fashion. It wks at first difficult to recognise one's friands and iicquatutances in thilr newly-coloured hair. Hdsband— ' Awfully sorry I'm so Isle, dear. Been detained nn business with Charlie Newcouie all the tveuini;.' Wife — 'Yes, darling? Mr. Knweim* has been walling here fnr you sine* nij-'.'' 