A LADY GEOGRAPHER. (Frost THE ST. JAMES'S BUDGET.) "I wonder now," said Nelson, when he had slipped down the column-" I wonder now What is the coolest place this weather " It was a warm night People in the hotels were ahead with the windows open, and those who could not sleep carne now and again like restless ghosts, peeping out to see whether dawn had arrived Nelson took off his cocked hat and fanned himself, and the two lions did a similar service for themselves with their paws . he south east lion, in reply to Nelson s question, said he did t Know. The southeast lion looked down Parliament street with his right eye and added that he thought he knew which was the hottest "What price the North Pole'' asked the Camberwell bus lion Nelson started a step or two round towards the Gallery, feigning to act without delay upon the suggestion He quickly) returned "Too late, he said, facetiously, last 'biiB gone 'the south east lion did not laugh, but the Camberwell 'bus tion appeared moderate) amused " You remind me, Nelson," he said, " of a girl I once knew The Camberwell 'bus lion again laughed a little, and blinked to him self at the remembrance " She made up her mind to go to the North Pole " " A girl ' asked Nelson " A girl i " Cool cheek," remarked Nelson " 'I ell us about her And the Camberwell 'bus lion told this tale - Miss Wilhelmina Peri s and her father weresta)mgin London 'They had been in Paris for some time too, partly because they were from Boston, but mainly) because Wil helium had made there some special purchases for her new adventure She proposed to sail for Christina from Hull in the middle of the month, and already the papers had interviewed her and Miss Wilhelmina Perks, the Female 1 Franklin By One Who Knows Her,' appeared in nearly even paper thieves picked up She would have started for Christiania before now only that young Dr 1 Fraser had begged her not to leave until the latest possible moment They had all been to Lords, and Dr Fraser and his cousin, Mrs Waldershare, had been brought back to dinner at the hotel From the subject of Stoddart's batting the conversation had drifted to the usual topic " Well, ' said Miss Wilhelmina " 'ain't no use talking, you know My minds set on this trip, and I'm going to do it " I know, my girl, said old Mr Perks " I know You wouldn't be a Perks a job was to give way now and go back on your reputation 1 And 1 II just go and make a name for myself and then I II come right back, and she glanced at Dr 1 Fraser and then well be happy Young Dr Fraser pressed the young 11d) s foot affectionately beneath the table, and little Mrs WalderehareBmiled " I wish you were all coming with me, she went on An t it just pleasant now even to talk of floes of ice and miles of un tracked snow, and-and so on " Did house) the boat was read),Meencr'" asked her father " As near ready as does it matter, ' answered Wilhelmina "The men are engaged the stores are purchased, and when I get to Christiania I shall only have a fortnight work to do And in two or three years you know I shall be through ' She looked at her sweetheart with her eyes bright with enthusiasm "Sa), frank, well be married at the Abbey in the trick comes off Dr Fraser looked thoughtfully out of the windowatthefountainspla)inginthesqunre "I don't mind about the Abbe), ' he said "Ido mind about ) on 'I reckon she said I reckon it you can persuade me to give up the venture nobody can ' "Guess she's right there " said Mr Perks addressing little Mrs Waldershare "shuts like our family all the time If Meener says she is do a thing she 11 do it, and no power on this earth can stop her " " I see REid little Mrs Waldershore Poor Dr Fraser sighed, and Wilhelmina commenced a sigh, but checked it quickly) and gave a little laugh instead " People said just the same thing when I started for Kamschatka, ' she remarked " just the same thing " Were you were you engaged then'' asked little Mrs Wnldershare "Why," said M Wilhelmina, ain't I ever told you ' I've never been in love before " " Oh I said Mrs Waldershare " And this is the last contract at gadding about that I take, ' said the young American lady) definite!) " 1 find I ain't half as glad to go this time as I've e been before Guess it calls on you after a bit this sort of work " Veo likely, said Mrs Waldershare All the time young Dr Fraser looked thoughtfully out of the window ' 1 won't say another word about it he remarked, " if you 'll just let me say this " ' Go on, dear, said Miss Perks She and Mrs AValdershare rose as she spoke, and the men rose too " that Idgne everything, everything that I possess in the world, said Fraser, Bills looking hard out of the window, " if it would only induce you to give it up She came to him My dear boy, ' she sails, * that can't be but you are just the sweetest fellow to say so, and-and I shall think of you dreadfully " Mrs Waldershare had scribbled f arm ely a note on the menu which she came back to show the young fellow " Before I forget it, Frank ' said the little woman, is this the right way to spell compute aux fruits " Undertheitemwas hcrpencilled message - Meet me in had an hour in the reading room 'Yes," said Dr. Fraser, ' I think that a right The two men had their smoke and their coffee, and at the appointed time Fraser threw away his cigar, and leaving old Mr Perks went into the reading room He found Mrs Waldershare there, and for five minutes their heads were very close to gether They talked spiritedly, and seemed to be arguing with much good humour Presently the) changed their seats and sit behind screening thecornerneurtlie window Then Mrs Maldershare gave a confidential message to one of the attendants In a few minutes we ilhelminn entered the room She was a tall striking tire, and e. or) body looked up from the evening papers as she came in In that corner 1 think, said the man carefully , "I think I BUW them go there, just behind the screen, miss < ,- to Miss Wilhelmina walked across the large, thickly carpeted room to the place indicated The two familiar voices came to her car, and there was in the voice of the little widow so unusually earnest a ring that Wilhelmina paused involuntarily ' You don t know, Trial, how much I loved,' she heard Mrs Waldershare say she was speaking very distinctly "You don t know, and until now ) You have, perhaps, never guessed that you are everything to me You will call me unwomanly, perhaps some might call mehhamele.s, but cannot help it May I may I ask you to give me one promise' ' tell me what it is, ' said the voice of Dr Fraser hoarsely ' Promise me that as soon as this American girl with whom you think you are in love - With whom I am in love ' "Very well, with whom you are in love, then Promise me that as soon as she has gone on her preposterous expedition you will give me leave to speak again I am no child in these matters, frank C that true enough ' whispered the white faced young lady behind the screen ) And that is why I have spoken plainly to you There was a pause I can give you no promise of any kind, answered Dr 3 rise steadily I can quite understand your position," the little widow went on It's very hard on you But when she comes back, it she ever does come back, after, say, three or four years aged and altered by this ridiculous ox proving business, she surely would not be surprised if she should find that you have forgotten her I shall never, never forget her, declared Frank "Attendez, said the little widow persistently ' I repeat that. I know something of these matters A veil at her to, let her the right away, and then we II talk over this matter again If Fiji not mistaken, you 11 be of a bill, rent opinion then I began won't anticipate "Oh, my dear one said the little widow with a catch in his voice, think again She does not love you reals) or she would never leave you like this, risking.; her life and our affection "Don speak to me, please, prayed Dr Fraser , "don't speak to me I am doing her a grievous wrong by list, inn-, to you there was a sob from the little widow, and Dr J river rose and put his chair back She seized his hand "You won tanya word to her, will you'' she asked "There is no necessity for her to know , , A queer smile flickered across the pale face of the young explorer behind the screen " She had never know,' said Dr Fraser 1 he tall figure went quickly and noiseless) from the reading room and stood for a few moments in the entrance hall thinking hard Dr Fraser did not come out, and W llholnunu went up the lift to her room and, sitting down on a low chair, had the best cry she had had for years Dr 1 roses saw little Mrs Waldershare into a hansom just here, and I noticed him lean over the splashboard and shake both her hands with much sincerity) Tell him to drive to Redcliffe gardens, will you, Frank The young fellow did so "Audi am sure it will turn out all right," she went on "and if I can be of any further use let me know." "I can't thank you enough," said Dr. Fraser cheerily. He seemed singularly unlike the heartbroken young man of half an hour before. "If it really comes off I'll, I'll » "Bay me a halo," suggested little Mrs. Walileralmre. "Upon my word," declared Fraser, stepping back and lifting his hat, " you'll deserve one. I'll go back now and talk tothedeargirl." The next afternoon two clerks were reading their evening paper as they waited here for the 'bus. They were giving each other the main items of intelligence. " Hullo," said one, " here's a go. That Yankee girl isn't going to bring! home the North Pole after all. They'd 'a' been glad of that, too, at Chicago." " What's up, then?" asked the other. The first youth read it out : Acting upon doctor's advice, Miss Wilhelmina Perks has relinquished his intended expedition to the North Pole. Her boat and supplies, which were of the most complete character, have been purchased by telegram by a Swedish explorer. It is stated that the marriage of Miss Perks to Dr. Fraser, one of the most successful young medicine men of the day, will take place on an early date at Holy Trinity, Sloane-street." "Ah, well," remarked Nelson, putting on his cocked hat, girls always will be girls, I suppose. I remember once" Nelson stopped himself suddenly, and saying "Good night" with something of a hurry in his manner, went to the base of the column. The lions gave him a minute to climb up, winked gravely at each other, and prepared to give all their usual joke. Lady Has" In quick succession each lion received a whack on the bend. "Ali," said Nelson, just ought you, didn't I Thought I'd gone up, I suppose. Another time you try to jolly a man about his past perhaps you'll be more careful." 