jrarmer Housing Show Cattle.' Comfortable and roomyt'quarfcers are .68 sentialyi ■ preparing cattle for sHoir. Stall. feedingia not the "West system for show . animals. Clean well-haiEeiT■beasts "de not usually come out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a difficult point to attain, but when it is accomplished it goes a long* way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a rare possession, only a Very few of the cattle shown at even our national shows beipg perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for the butcher, stall-feeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not the only point aimed ,at<— the after health and bloom of the animal has to be considered. It takes e full year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for the show yard, and to con§ne the animals Jby the head or necb for. that period is not the way to accomplish the desired end. 3Tr6edor& to move about, or lie down clean dad com fortable, can only be afforded thpm in* dry, roomy loose box. The superficiS area required from the calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 260 feet, ac cording to the amount of out-doqr exercise /available^ and.in the house.each beast t re .xjnitefc/from 650 feet to 80d cubic feet of ; afrfeathmg Spaoe. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may be very closely; 'confined superficially for the period of one \^ear without injury to their "health; but; there rare more breeding. amm&la; rained ffom wafitof room or ezerciBe than froift' ■ bver-feediig. It is very-hard to injure a Horse by highfieedingwhtm the work.i? I heaVy,"|kttd the s&me; latir applies to (SafcSeV I Moderate: exercise at the 'expense ofa certain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great element ilf cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animAl ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo meter in the barn will indicate the tem perature, and^the nearer it averages the normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When . the outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg, Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather the heat of the byre can be raised by. closed doors and ventila tors, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All under- currents or draughts should be exoluded, and in no case should the upper or roof ventilatohi fee entirely closed. Im pure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right Construc tion, will both allow the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days the doors can be opened, or partly so, as the thermometer will instruct; and-After that the only means of cooling the^ir is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of itw use in cattle-feeding. The beat that can be done is to have the byres.or sheds properly ven tilated arid equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration when neces sity. An excess of light under co.ver is to be avoided in the case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breed ing purposes cannot very well have too much sun and light, but the rays of the sun are only valuable tp the cattle-feeder wh,en the temperature'of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air become! heated the direct rays of the sun can be dispensed with. There is, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothing, and fires, equal to the Bunhcat for health giving properties, "We can produce a greater heat thaa we deriv® frpm the sun, but in the means we employ to attain it the air is certain to become more or less vitiated. When we get light and heat fror^ the sun it is pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything we can manufacture. This is the reason vrhy the lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in house with the aid of the sto* Shying Horses are Near-Sightea.— " Why it i6 that shying in horses should b« set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,"^said a prominent veterinary surgeon. " It must be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. The fact is that it is 8eid6m met with unless the horse is near sighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near sightedness, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to give points on buying horses I give ttfs as one of the requisites : Never buy a horse that is near-sighted. There are, how ever, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn'tmake any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not near-sighted, ior he will throw yo'u sooner or later. "The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. " Of allanimals the horse is the most gentle, and even timid. Qe sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an olcl waggon in the ditch iB tk dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The aninial has not been able to see it from a distance. He is near-sighted. Horses and Their Drivers—It has often occurred to me that tbe utility and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill,or when,perhaps, in the middle of a hill, for a driver to make a sudden slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden bound in re sponse to the unexpected call upon its -powers, possibly powers that were at the time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect would result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when tbe treatment is con tinued day after day tbe year throughout? Under such ,circumstances, the wonder is that any horse escapes serious injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively value less, and their lives shortened. With a horse drawing a load, whether in conveyance,cart, or saddle, any call fo'r greater exertion should be made what I may call gradually, that is, the animal should first be made aware of what is required from it by the voice pre uding the whip. and not the whip the voice. Buying Curias in China —Later ex perience taught us that the curio man asks about five times as much as he is prepared to accept for his wares. Making a choice and getting your man into a proper frame of mind to see as you do, as regards bis profit, in telligently occupies about oae-balf of the cultured diplomat's time. Tbe curio choscn, the first thing to do is to take your man into the house, separating him from his fellows that he may not have their moral courage to uphold him. For the lot you make your offer, he disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything it nearly stowed away, he asks, as if there had ne.Ter been any question of it before, •' How much?" You again offer, and with a long drawn " No," he once more unpacks that he mav tempt you. Seeing you remain firm and take no more notice of him, with a tragic air he deposits the things at your feet and gives you to understand he has made you a present of them; that you are a hardened sinner; it has cost him hie life's blood, but he had no choice. With an IOC for the amount and a deep bow he has gone, and you find your self a collector im embryo with tb«s oo»* disease firmly clutching you. 