WAS IT A OriOST THEY SAW. Mis. II. II. Jennings lives ut Ko. 211, Main .Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One uight carly in December ( 1801 ) the two women locked all the doors and went to thc theatre, leaving not a soul in thc house. They left thc gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the purlour thc merry humour died out of them itt a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man óf gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through thc eyeholes iu it. His skirt-Bleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he camed a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from thc room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ! "During a recent period of ill-health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On thc fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a dozo by triar «cemetî like Ihc colliny of my «orne ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaviug home to go ou a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, mid um ill perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, und it's more than three years ogo now." No doubt it was thc nerves. Why, there's no end to thc tricks the nerve» will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. June Foster, ot Darracott Road, Pokcsdown, Hunts, wrote us us follows:-"/ mw m dreadfully ticrroits I could not bear anyone in thc room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call ont for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in tho ?norning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my bead and over my eyes, and I was sick most of tho time. My skin wos dry and yellow', and the stomach und bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing bnt skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told mc she was herself once just as badly ort', and was cured hy Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this mcdiciuc, I tried it, and in three days I wa« able to walk across thc room, and by thc end of the week I went downstairs. Now I nm as well as ever. I can cat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster sttflered from was indigestion «nd dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and thc system rallied only when thc Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion aud thus fed and toned thc nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny VÍBÍOIIB and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves nil upset by Indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of thc person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work tho eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. " You never read my bookB '.*' said an eminent historian, in a tone of pretended jealousy and distress, to his little boy. whom he found bending eagerly over a talc of cow- boy exploits, hair breadth escupes, and Svild adventures. " N-o, papa," was the apologetic answer. " I will by-and-by, when I'm older ; hut now I only like books that uro interest ¡"fi-" Bonaparte WAB a great mau, una n nutmeg raspiB a grater; but nothing bouts Mrs. S. A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer for renew- ing the youthful colour and beauty of the hair.-ADVT. In Ireland recently a quarrel hail taken place at a fair, and a culprit was being sentenced for manslaughter. The doctor, however, had given evidence tn show that thc victim's skull was abnormally thin. The prisoner, on being asked if he had anything to say for himself, replied: "Ko, yer bunour; but I would ask, was that a skull for a man to go to a lair wid !" POBITY.-What is wanted in soap for the skin is that it sholl wash and cleanse without hurl. Pure soap does that, and by pure soap vo mean soap without alkali. Pears' Soap ia pure, for it contains ua free alkali. -Amt. 