THE STORY OF ANDREW FAIRFAX. BOOK II. PBKPABINg fob bib woek. CHA.P1EE VIIL . ■fab from tbb madding crowd.1 " Bear lovely bowers of innocence and ease, Seats-of my youth, when eveiy sport could How often have 1 loitered o'er thy green, Where humble happiness endeared each scene! - How often have I paused on evpry charm— The sheltered cot, the cultivated farm, The never:failing brook, the busy mill, The dechnti church, that-topped the neigh b'ringhill; The hawthorn bush) with seats beneath the shade, For fatliring age, and whisp'ring lovers made."-! —Onrvaa Goldsmith. The next day Andrew found his way to Mr Adolphus Vellum. " I am come to tell you that I shall not be able to write any more for yon," he said. " Why, whafs the row now ?" asked Mr Vellum. " Thfe^e-is no row," replied Andrew.* " I have -simply come to tell yon I must cease to be one of your .contributors." Mr Vellum turned his chair around. "FfaiowWhat it-is," he said. ** You think Won are-underpaid; so you are. 1 was spring myself "last night, says 1, * Young Fairfax's ability has not been re cognised. -Fonrpence a page is not enough for I'll put on another penny." Andrew could scarcely keep from laugh ing. •• I believe in paying men," continued Mr Vellum; "and although a penny -a page'll make a difference to the profits, I'll do it. 1 want to recognise your ability, Fairfax. A penny a page'll mean eighteen pence a day to yon. nine shillings a week, or, if yon work on Sundays, ten and six pence." " 1 assore you that has no: weight with me whatever," said Andrew; "my mind "Come, now, I'll put on another ha'p'ny. I've never done it before for so- young a hand; -but you've got promise, and I want to bring you out. There's no reason but what—if you'll stick to me, of course—you may become as .popular as even the author of The Battle toith a Ghost. Of course you must not expect it all at once, but it'll come. I'll be the making of you,-1 will, and"—here Mr Vellum became confiden tial—" I'm thinking of starting a new firm of publishers, and yon might—I don't say yon will, because suchathing only happens to the few—bat 1 might make you an editor in time, and then you'll have an office of your own, like me," and he swelled with the dignity of his office and the great ness of his office. " NO," «sid Andrew ; " my mind ia made up." " Then you've -been bought up," cried Mr Vellum. " I've brought you out, and now the editor of a tuppeny, or ikrepeny who can afford it have seen your stutt, and have bought you over. It's a mean, dirty shame. Where would-you have bin, but forme? Who know'd you? Nobody but Finns. And now when-you are gettin' use ful, you throw up the sponge, and coolly walkaway. It's a hard blow. I've a good mind never to bring another man out. - It gives no encouragement to a man of letters like me to -encourage such tyros as you. Come, now, what do yon want ? How much Uo you.want me to give ?" " You quite mistake me," said Andrew; "I am-not going to write for another editor, at any rate, for a loug time. I'm leaving London." " Leavis' London !" Mr Vellnm gener ally got wrong in his pronunciation when he became excited. •* Leavih* London! Why, yon must be mad! Just as your career was openin' np. Just wnen I could do something for you. Why, man, in time yon could make as imuch as three pound ten a week, and be as widely known as Deadwood Dick." " Nevertheless, 1 am going to leave Lon don." " Where are you going f" '• Into the country." «• But not for long ?" " For a year at least." Mr Vellum looked at him steadily, as though he doubted his senses. .'Leave. London, when he's got such chances!" he said slowly; " give up a re putation .which he might make almost equal to my own ; give upthe idea of being admitted into.the 'Baring Dick club'— well, I'm blowed! It's enough to make a m»n forget his grandmother"; and Mr Vellum looked out of the hole in the box as though he had at last seen a miracle. Andrew found his way back to the den in which be had lived for several months, but which he was now-about to vacate. He had said *' good-bye " to Mr Pituib, and be yond him there was no one who cared what became of him;at least, so he believed. " Bless yer," stud the landlady, to whom he said good-bye, "1 shall soon see her back again. A young gent like yon can't live in the country. What you want is a mother, sir, and thai you'll never git in the country. You'll soon feel the want o' me, sir. When yon are tired ov' a night, you'll -say, JI wish Mrs Biggins was 'etc,' that yon wilL And, sir, 1 shall surely miss you, that >1 shall." There was no doubt that Mrs Lagging would miss Andrew, in more ways than one. Indeed, there were many ways in which she interested herself in him. An drew seldom had tea but once a day, but Mrs Liggins always assured him that he used more than half a pound a week. Then she assured him that he. ate five pounds of bacon every week, although he only had two small slices each morning. Besides this, Mrs Liggins had a remarkable thief of a not. Sometimes Andrew would treat himself to a pork pie, or some such luxury, eating only, a part .of it at one meal, how ever, leaving the remainder for another time. But whenever he enquired after it, he was assured that the cat had taken it, together with some wonderfully valuable article belonging to Mrs Liggins. It was a remarkable cat. Half a chicken was no thing to him j and, what was more wonder ful still, he was as lean as a cat could be. An ordinary observer would have said that the cat was starved, hut Mrs Liggins would take a solemn oath before Mr Fairfax and a whole bench of magistrates that " Shah eat more'n a Sn. Barnum's dog a terrible deal, and was enragh to drag a poor woman to the graveso, of course, An drew could only believe and wonder. He conldnot help giving Mrs Liggins a sly hint, however, by way of a rejoinder, that he hoped £hah would not feel his absence as much as Mrs Liggins did. By midday he had found his way to the station, and was soon rushing through beautiful country fields and woods, towards the scene of his birthplace, with a feeling of wonder in his heart. What should he do ? What were the first stepB that he must take ? He was en tering upon a life of which he absolutely know nothing, and he must be careful. At best, the idea of his taking this step would be called Quixotic by ail well-balanced ui<nds. But he did not care for that. {Strange as the proceeding was, he knew he was doing right. 11 was true he could not sketch oat any plan of action; but he had no doubt he would manage somehow. He had, on the recommendatiou of Mr Finns, got a rough suit of el'tb'-s—quite unlike what farm labourers usually wear, it is true, but nevertheless suitable for the lire he sought to lead. A part of his old attire he had Jsft in Mr Pinns's care, while be had brought just enough to remind him of fiie days when the world was different. Morgan Cross, be found, was a little road {jide, station. It bad been called Morgan Cross owing to the fact that close by were four crossways, while on the hedge near by was an ancient cross, supposed to be put there in a far-off age, when a convent, by the name of Morgan Convent, flourished in that part of the country. Andrew was the only passenger who alighted there, and he could not help being oppressed by the wondrous stillness that reigned. The silence was so great that it | seemed to make a noise, and as after the train had swept out of sight .the porter i came to take his ticket, a sort of awe crept over him, for he felt he was entering, to | him, an unknown world. •' This is Morgan Cross ?" he said to the porter. • The porter nodded his head. " There is no inn of any kind here ? ' "you mainpublic-onze? No." *' Which is the nearest ?" "There's wawn, the Oss and Waggon, 1 'bout a mile on. Then there's two in St. j Naot." " St. Neot you mean ?" " Tha's wot I zed." " How far is it ?" ■ "'Bout vower mile—p'r'aps ha'af mile I mooer." " There's no conveyance here ?" "No. Verrel's van do callwance a week, goin' ta St. Iierrick, thafs oaL" "T want to goto St. Neot to-night. How am I to get my bag there ?" "Git'n there? Why, car un youzelf. Aw! aw! aw!" Andrew found he had been making a mistake. If he would get on, he must con form to the customs of the people. '■ Luk 'ere," said the porter. " 'Ere's a bit o' rope. Ther' now, zee that ? Tak' hould o' that end, an' leek un ower yer shoulder. Ther' now, you can car'n to St Naot now like winkin'. Gor, your 'ands be fine 1 Ton never done mucb work, 1 knaw. Ton ca'ant miss the way. There's tele graph poasts all the way to St. Naot. Good-night" . Andrew's first impulse was to put his hands in his pocket to find some coppers, but he reflected that such a proceeding would not do. Accordingly he trudged along the quiet lane carrying his bag on his back. Only two or three passed him on the way, and they took bat liitle notice of him. It was not uncommon for young fellows to be seeking advice, most of whom carried their scanty luggage with them. Before he had gone half-way to St. Neot, night was upon him, but it was by no means dark. There was a strange charm in everything, too. The air was scented by a thousand flowers that grew on the; hedgeside, while ever and anon sounds greeted his ear that made him think of fairyland. Sometimes a bird twittered in the branches of the trees, and again a nightcrow would tell out its mournful tale, seeming ever to be near him, yet all the lime far away. Again the wind would play among the leafy boughs, while the little river rippled its music over its "stony bed. Eveiy prospect pleases," thought An drew. "Surelythe people who live here will be contented and happy! Still " He heard a sobbing noise, and then a -sound of voices. " You'll go 'way, Jack, an' never come *ome no more," he heard a girl's voice say. "Ho, Jaaney, I wan't. 1 ounly want to go somewhare, whare I c'n git a pound a week. - Then we'll git married." "But Bill Teague hev got married on less than that. He've only got ten shillin'.". "1 Jmawthat, but they'm starvin'. Her zaith tome onnly-ou Tuesday night, \I£ I'd -knawed, -I wudd'n a got married,' her zaith. W hy, tbey'm in debt to the Johnny - Fortnight how, and what they'll do cum winter they doan knaw." " But, Jack, I ca'ant bear'fc" "'Twah't be long,Jaaney. Pher" now,] doan'tciy." " But, but- " Andrew felt that he ought not to hear any more, so he gave a slight - cough, and passed bythe couple, whostood by a gate;' way, evidently belonging to. some farm house near. The evening was as beautiful as ever. The birds still gave ah occasional chirp as they nestled- on the twigs, the nigbtcrow still chattered, the wind still played with leaf and flower,' the air -.was still laden with perfume/and- yet all was different. 'The young girl's tears had i nail 3 everything different.:1 The old story" of sedness and disappointment- robbed the night of its beauty: Still he tramped :on until he saw a grey old tower lift-its "head into the sky, and presently two orthree tiny lights flickered. This -will be St.'Neot, 1-expect,}' hesaid-;: " and here I must manage to stay for the night." His heart beat rather quickly,: for every thing was strange, --.fie had never been in< the country: :alone before, land-mow the sense of desolation was\heavy- upon him. Passmg*by thechurchyard'gates.he caught, sight of a'group • of youths - foiling: iabout.' who, when they saw him, stood and gaped as though he were a curiosity. " Who'B that?" said oue. . " Dunaaw," -replied another • " never zeed 'ee avore. Tall chap, ed'na ?" '' I'm goin'to zee whei^ a's goin'," said a third, and then all the group started to follow Andrew. Evidently a new face was a wonder to them, especially if he were a little out of the common. Evidently they had nothing to do, and nowhere to go, so they had grouped themselves together in order to find something to interest them. The young man turned around on them. " There's a public-house here, is there not?" " There's two." " Which is the best ?" "Best! Why, ther's no difference in 'em. Lan'lord Tommus do kip wawn, and Bill Bestth' other. There, tha's the Queen's 'Ead." Open mouthed they followed him until he entered in, then two or three had the bolcS ne6s to follow him. Probably the bolci ones had a copper or two, and so could drink; the others, having no money, would not dare to enter. He found his way into the tap-room, and saw the landlord. " Can 1 have a bed here to-night ?" he said. The landlord looked at him as if unable to make him out. The rough clothes which Andrew wore did not at all accord with his fine face and general appearance. •' Who he you ?" he said. " I am come here to look for work." re plied Andrew, coloring, "and I want to! stay here for Hie night." j " Butyouba'antno farm servant, be 'ee?" " No, but I want to be now." The landlord eyed him from head to foot, as though in great doubt. Presently his face cleared, and hi« eyes brightened; " Ah, you've been a sodger I spect, and yer time's up." Andrew did not speak, but the landlord took bis silence for assent. "Thot so/' continued the landlord, knowingly, as though he were proud of his penetration. *■ I cud see you wad'n a farmlabbut, "Where ded'ee cum from now." " London." " Wha's yer name, un ?" Andrew Fairfax." He thought it best to give hi6 true name, because thereby he would be able to claim a certain friendliness with the peoole; es pecially if people remembered Ms father. " Andrew Fairfax ! Be you from this way, then P" " My father was." "Ah!" " He used to farm Trevadlock Farm. Did yon know him ?" ' Knaw*d un, I shud think 1 ded. But you'll want to go somewhere, wont 'ee ? 1! 'ardly knaw where to put 'ee. In with the | farmers, in the palor. or with the men in the ketchen. Ton see, yer father was a fanner, and you bain't like the rest of the- " " I'll go in the kitchen if jou don't mird," said Andrew. " You see, I'll h»ve to work among them." Meanwhile, the news that a " sodger " was come to stay the night had spread i among those in the kitchen. The servant who had come to fetch beer had heard the landlord's question, and as a consequence they were on the tip-toe of expectation. A place was made for him on the settle when he entered, and he was greeted with becoming reverence. In a purely agricultural district like St. Neot, where there is little or no intercourse with the great towns, a soldier is a great curiosity. On all physical feats he is au oracle, while for knowledge of the world he is better than a newspaper. A soldier can manufacture the most unlikely yarns, but the rustics will listen open-mouthed, and the more wonderful the stories, the better are they pleased. A policeman occupies a very high position in their esteem, and they eye his cudgel with wondrous rever ence:; hut a soldier, a man who has handled a swordjhe is several stages higher than a policeman, especially if he understands the dignity of his position. '. " Whot'll 'ee '&ve; to drink ?" asked one, as Andrew took bis seat. "A bottle of ginger-beer, thank you." "Be'ant teetoateller, be 'ee?" . " For the present, yes." " Oa, I thot you sodgers was beggars to drink. Where was'ee last, now?" " London." " Tha's a long way ?" " Fes, it's a good way, but I wanted to come here to get work, because my father used to have a farm not far from here." "Oa." '' Yes; timfarmwas called Trevadlock. My father's name'was Andrew Fairfax." "I knawd on," said an old labourer. " He'formed.Trevadlock]veil, he ded. But he died early, poor chap. An' vou'm the little boy 'ee left?" - " Yes." " But people zed how that Squire Bernard ded take Andrew's cheeid, and 'dopted tin." " He did put me to school." "Oa, I thot so much. - And then when ■ yon get big enough you went for a'sodger ?" Andrew did not reply, but asked a ques tion instead. " Who farms Trevadlock Farm now ?" "Sim Cundy; but tes purty farmin' ouifc" " How far is it from here ?" " Oa, tw© mile' and haalf, I spoase. ' Tes the nearest farm to Ash water." " What's Ashwater ?" "Ashwater! Why, that's the name of the mansion, ye Itnaw. Tha's where Mr Bernard used to come sometimes. He oaned the estate when yer pore faather was linin'. " Ah; and has he sold it ?" " What, ded'na tell 'ee ? Why, he sould it to a ter'ble rich ould chap as cumed from India, or seme.sich place. This man bo'fc the mansion, an o»l the land, and oal the farms in wi\ it. And drcekly. after he ho't it he died, and left it oal to a little maid. Tha's sev'l year agone now, and do yon know she've never bin seen down 'ere." " Indeed! Who lives at the mansion ?" " Nobody, 'cept the steward, an* ther's two or three sarvants to kip it clain." " And who manages the estate ?" "Oa, th' oull Beans, the steward, do everything. An' he's a skin-flint, I tell 'ee. Allays risin' the rent he es, while es for repears, nobody can't git noan!" " And what's this young lady's name ?" " Aw, she's called Miss Lezaut, she es." " You've never seen her, you say?". " No ; nobody aiu'rt a .seed iter." All this time the »alf-dozen youths and men sitting around listened open-moutlied to the conversation.. Only one spoke, and with a look of reverence towards the old labourer who had been talking with An drew, ss id that " Thonll Tommy wud be match fur'n' if he war a sodger." Not long after Andrew went to bed. He remembered that he had made no his mind to be up betimeB in the morning, when he must try and get work, if .possible, at Trevadlock; the old farm where his father worked and where his own baby hood had been passed. . $ He did not think then of-the future that ■lay before him ; he did not dream that country life would be such a revelation. Happily a knowledge of the future is kept from us'alL 