THE POPE'S JUBILEE. ADDRESS FROM THE HIBERNIAN SOCIETIES. There is now on view at the office of Mr. D. Young, the district secretary of the Ade laide branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, Morialta Chambers, Victoria-square, a joint address which is to be presented to his Holiness the Pope on the occasion of his Episcopal Jubilee from all the Hibernian societies in Australasia. The addres3 is a magnificent work of art. It is in large book form and is elaborately bound in morocco. The Rev. J. O'MaUey, e.«i., oi jaeioourne, drew up the address in Latin printed on vellum, and the following is a translation of the text : — 'Address of the H.A.C.B. Society to his Holiness Pope Leo XIIL — Most Holy Father— For 50 years you have been, like another Joseph, overseer ic the House of the Great King. The nations have wildly raged, and God has permitted you to endure heavy affliction. But He has been pleased to afford you some alleviation of your griefs in the love of your children, and in their strenuous and continuous efforts to propagate and defend the faith of Christ. Deign to hear what we, the least of your children, nave done in the vineyard of the Lord. In this most important city, in the year 1865, 13 Irishmen proposed to themselves to deliver their fellow citizens from the danger of joining -j*-y of those eocie ties condemned by the Church. For this «nd they founded a society which should offer every advantage to be found in any other. To-day it embraces 7 districts, 170 branohes, 10,700 members. To relieve sick or poor mem bers and widows and orphans of deceased it has an annual income of £30,000, and a re serve fund bearing interest of £65,000. But mindful of the commands of Christ we seek first the Kingdom of God. Each one who seeks admission must produce a certificate from a priest that he frequents the sacraments and leads a good life, and we are all bound to receive Holy Communion in a body twice a year. Although our society is non-political we cherish. the warmest love for the venerable Isle of Saints which for three centuries shed its blood lavishly to preserve immacu late the faith it had received from St. Patrick. It is known to . all that a powerful aid to the young against the indifference, unbelief, and impiety of tha day, which it is impossible to avoid coming in con tact with, is this love of our native land, and that he who blushes at the name of Irishman is very likely to blush at the name of Christ. The greatest glory of the Irish race is that our fathers during that long night of darkness and horror did and suffered such great things for Jesus Christ. Four years ago your Holiness, at the request of our president, blessed our society. We beseech you to bless it again on this auspicious occasion.' On the outside comer is a large cross tinged with red and the word6— 'To our Most Holy Father Fops Leo XIIL, from his loving children, the members of the H.A.CB.S. of Australasia, 1893.' On opening the address the interior presents a beautiful appearance, being richly- embellished. On the left hand side is a figure cf his Holiness. Forgetme nots -are interwoven with shamrocks, while there is a fair sprinklintr of St. Joseph's lilies. Below is a large painting of St. Mary's Cathedral. Sydney. In the centre is dis played the Papal coat of arms, and on the right hand side is the insignia of the Pope's offioe— the tiara, stole, and missal. Then there is a chalice representing the Holy Eucharist, four beautiful pictures typical of the important incidents in the life of Christ — His birth, crucifixion, resurrection, and ascen sion. Shamrocks interwoven with wattle blossom are distributed profusely, and are symbolical of the union which Btul binds the sons of Erin to their native land, though 'seas may possibly divide.' On the right corner appears pictures of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and the Sacred Heart of Mary, while in the left comer there ie a representation of our Lord crowned with thorns. Underneath tbe pioture of the Blessed Virgin is a thurifer giving forth incense, and above the head of the Mother of God is a_ dove symbolical of the Holy Ghost. Paintings of St. Stephen's Cathedral, Brisbane, St. Joseph's, Dnnedin, St. Patrick's, Mel bourne, and St. Francis Xavier'e, Adelaide, are also included. The borders of the address right round are imprinted with the trefoil. The work has been executed by Messrs. Fer gosson & Mitchell, of Melbourne; according to the design of Mr. A. Ashley, artist of that city. The address has been forwarded from Melbourne to all the Australasian colonies for signature by the exeoutive of the Hibernian societies. Messrs. C. C- Hanlon.D.P., P. F. Keogh, D.V.P., H. Hill, D.P.P., J.O.Healy, D.TT, D. Young, D.S., attached their names to the testimonial on behalf of the societies in this colony. The address will be conveyed to Romeby Cardinal Moran, who is about to pro ceed thither to take part in the jubilee cele brations in the Eternal City. -His Eminence will also take a congratulatory address to the Pope from the clergy of Australasia. The address will be on view for a few days prior to its being returned to Melbourne. 