CURRENT NEWS. The disabled steamei- Chingtu left Byron Bay yesterday afternoon in tow for Sydney. A successful entertainnient was given at the MIethodist Free Church, Cook's Hill, last night. The schooner Renard, from the Solomon Islands, bound to Sydney, reported '' all well" off Port Mnacquarie yesterday afternoon. The total school onrolment for the United States last year was 14,200,000. This included universities. Private and parochial schools have 1,500,000. The frozen meat-carrier Duke of Argyll, after a boisterous passage, arrived here last evening, from RIockhampton. She loads 20,000 caresses of mctton here for London. The bones which were found at Gordon on Tuesday have been examined by Dr. Rennie, who has expressed the opinion that they were those of a person who had been dead about 15 years. J. Clinton, labourer, was brought up at the Police Court yesterday, and remanded for a day, on a charge of maliciously injuring two marble vases, valued at £10, the property of G. P. Lock. A case of supposed leprosy is reported, the sufferer being the child of a selector between Dubbo and Tomingley. Dr. Ashburton Thompson, Government medical officer, is investigating the matter. In connection with the Elingamite-Guiding Star collision, the local Marine Board yester day severely censured Captain Thorp, of the Elingamite, and suspended the certificate of the second mate (Thomas Lowers) for three months. The points of the compass can be told from trees by the following simple observations: The side of a tree on which most of tie moss is found is the north. If the tree be exposed to the sun its heaviest and longest limbs will be on the south side. Shortly before 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon the city firebells sounded the alarm, and tihe various brigade reels were brought out and taken in the direction of Wickham. Upon reaching the Cottage Bridge it transpired that the alarm was false. The barque Alexander took a cargo of slack from the Mount Pleasant Colliery on Tuesday, and the MIount Kembla Company loaded the Beeswing. The Corrimal Com pany expects the German liner s.s. Barmen to load coal for Singapore, Rand the schooner Annie Bow. A vigorous demand is said to exist for the :teaching of Italian in the New York schools,' the claim being made that doctors, lawyers, merchants,. salesmen, as well as manufac turers and mechanical superintendents, need to know the language. Its introduction is urged this year because Italian was the tongue of Columbus. A medical officer in the French army driginates the latest " cure" for obesity, which is certainly simple. The form of diet is simply a restriction to one dish at each meal, irrespective of what that dish may be; this must satisfy the desire for food at each meal, as no supplementary dishes are allowed. One single dish, and that taken plain, it is claimed will satisfy the appetite much sooner than a variety of dishes, even if the quantity was smaller. * A seaman named Alexander Vextrum, an employee on the s.s. Namoi, was drowned near the MIort's Dock Wharf on Wednesday night. About 9 o'clock he was in a drunken condition, and was taken on to the wharf by' two fellow-seamen, who intended to take him to the vessel, which was lying just off the dock. The two went aboard for assistance, and when they returned Vaxtrum was strungghng in the water. Before aid could reach him he had sunk. At the BathurstQuarter Sessions on Wed nesday, before Judge Docker, Margaret. IMurphy and Lizzie Williams, charged with assault with intent to rob, at Molong, were acquitted. John Williams was found guilty of stealing from a dwelling at Bridgewater. William Henry Johnson, an aboriginal, was acquitted of a criminal assault at Sunny Corner. The case against James Cassidy for embezzlement as a co-partner at Oberon broke down, and the accused was acquitted. Hilda Geary was found not guilty of stabbing a follow-servant. All the convicted prisoners were remanded for sentence. The Governor and Lady Duff will open the new Technological Museumin Sydney to day. This is practically the third technolo gical museum which has been fonrmed in Sydney. The first, which consisted mainly of specimens procured from the Sydney Inter national Exhibition of 1879 and the Mol bourne Exhibition of 1880, perished in the Garden Palace fire, vwhile the second continued in the Agricultural Hall, Outer Domain, for 10½ years, until the building became so crowded, and the risk of destruction by fire so great, that the new museum was erected.' In the new museum considerably over 30,000 speeimens are on view. The revenue returns for the months of July this year show that in the railway revenue there has been a decrease of £17,3290'as compared with July last year, the receipts.for July, 1892, having been £234,680, and for July, 1893, £217,351. These include the tramway as well as the railway receipts.. The railway receipts for. the last month, apart from the tramways, show a decrease of £16,921 compared with the same month last year. For the previous month the decrease was £22,600, for May it was £18,000, and for April £23,000. For July of this year the tramways show a decrease of £383, as against £2100 for June, and £1350 for May. All the business places in Braidwood (says the D)isjmtch) have lately become infested with rats. In one store as many as 30 were trapped in one week. Mice have been very common all over the country--in the farmers' barns as well as the stores in town, but until very lately rats were very uncommon, and it was a rarity to see an odd one. These rats do not appear to be of the same family as the Sydney natives. They are of a light grey colour with a long sharp nose and narrow face and head, whilst the Sydney rat is of a short stout build, with a bull head and a short snout, and as pugnacious as any of the "push" tribes, which are becoming the worst pest of all in the great "City of the South," as her citizens delight to name her, although her greatness is taking peculiar form of late. These Braidwood rats appear to resemble what are called bush rats, which are harmless enough,' but which may become larger and more troublesome after a time with the more generous fare obtained in town, and the good warm habitations in which they take up their abode. ' A social will be held to-night in the Sea men's Institute, Carrington. The' following public holiday is proclaimed : -Electoral district of the Hunter and district of Iuewellbrook, Thurqday, the 24th in stant. A convention of Sunday- school teachers will be held in the Newc.astle Primitive Methodist Church at 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon. A ineeting of the surfacemon, shif~tmen,. and wheelers of Burwood No. 3 pit will be held at the Beach Hotel, Mierowethee, at 7 o'clock to-night. The Newcastle Mucical Union gave the' third grand concert of their third season in the Masonic Hall last evening, and the per formance was tloroughly successful. Sir Henry Parkes says payment of mem bers has not improved the House; and .the ocean of aimless, senseless, useless talk iad drowned the very capacity for parliamentary business. Therefore he should unhesitatinglr voto for the repeal of this:Act. The belief in haunted houses is apparently not yet extinct. In a Supreme Court case on Wednesday some depositions taken in one of the lower courts were read. One of the statements was that a particular house at Bendi had not been tenanted for six years. " It is haunted, it has ghosts in it," was the cxplanation on the depositions. The Customs receipts at Sydney for the past month do not show the improvement which the Colonial Treasurer seemed to expect. The total amount was £170,671, as compared with £217,954 in July last year. A decrease of £47,283, or 21'6 per cent., compares with': a decrease of"£49,508, or 24"7, in the month of June. The Lyttalton (N.Z.) Ties says ;-" There is a marked decrease in the number of hares '*to be seen on the low lands, partly due to the active slaughter going on and partly to the retreat of the hares to the ranges. A short time ago someone estimated that the hares in South Canterbury .oequalled in consuming pow'er 410,000 sheep." Early maize planting has already com menced in the Maclean district. The time is exceptionally early, but the absence of frost during the past few weeks, and the late wel come showers, have induced growers to ven ture. It is anticipated that a large area will be planted with maize this season, as the farmers are anxious to get an early crop after the floods they have experienced this year. The Premnier hasissued the following noti fication:-" Royal Mint, --Referring to clause 4 of the ' Regulations for the Receipt and Coinage of Gold at the SydneyBranch of the Royal Mint,' of date August 10, 1886, it is hereby notified, for public information, that until further notice all fine silver in excess of 2 per cent. contained in deposits wmill be accounted for at the rate of two shillings the ounce, fno,-this notice to take effect from the 24th ultimo.'? At the Lismore Police Court on YWednes day, John James George, a trravelling den tist, was charged with obtaining money by false pretences from hotelkeepers. The evidence showed that accused wont to three hotels, engaged rooms for himself and assis tants, borrowed money on a cheque, and thon left, stating that he was going to Casino to ascertain why a speciial coach hlie had engaged had not arrived from Grafton. He was arresteRd at Tabulam, making for Tenterfield. Accused was committed for trial. We have often heard (says the Braidwoood. Dispatch) of bullets travelling about in the most erratic manner for years after they have entered a person's body, and becoming domi ciled in their hiddeic quarters in the flesh. One day this week a lad of 17, son of Mr. Dan Hawk, of Msarlowe, who had received a bullet in some part of his shoulder or arm about. 12 months ago which could not be traced, came into Braidwood to consult a doctor as to a painful lump in the fleshy part of the palm of one of his hands. Upon cut ting the hand open the missing bullet was found. The Mlinister for Public Instruction has approved of areas of church and school land on the Shoalhaven River being placed under the control of the Miinister for Mincs for three months, to enable the unemployed to learch for gold, on the condition that the Mines Department shall be responsible for any damage done, and only allow persons to work to whom a written authority has been given. The land thus thrown open com prises 240 acres in the parish of Boyle, 144 acres in the parish of. Pery, fronting the Shoalhaven River, and the whole of the bed of the river in the parish of St. Bruce, ex tending from Warni bridge to Cronin's crossing. The Railway Commissioners, who have re turned to Sydney from their tour of inspection of the southern lines, state that fhe prospects for the season are most promising, just as in their recent visit to tihe west they observed that in all directions the amount of land put under cultivation is considerably in excess of last year, while in all probability the average yields, so far as can be judged, .will be very high. The Commissioners have at present under consideration a proposal to modify the rates for agricultural produce for long dis tancn. This increase in the settlement of the land, and the larger amount of produce, will enable them to do so. Business throughout the country remains dull, and there are on every side signs of rigid economy in reducing the orders for stores, which is seriously affect ing the railway revenue at present:. IMr. Gco. T. Edwards will sell by auction, to-day, on the premises, Hunter- street WVest, a large and varied stock of Oolonial-made furniture. During the afternoon, at his yards, he will offer horses, vehicles, harness, milch cows, pigs, &c.; 