Smithfield. Concert in aid of Flood Funds. (FBOK A. COBSEBCOKDBBT.) A concert in aid of the New South Wales Flood Belief Fund was given by local artistes in the Smithfield Town Hall on Saturday evening, 8th inst., at which the Mayor (Mr. Thomas Downey) presided. Despite the inolemency of tbe weather the hall was orowded to excess. The Ohairman made a few brief and appropriate remarks. The entertainment commenced with an overture (pianoforte), Chorum dm Aloes, played in beautiful style by Mrs. Paine; " Ora Pro Nobis " was given by Mr. W. A. Hodges, and Mrs. J. Ashe sang "Tbe Vision "; a pianoforetrio (Cotao quadrilles) was excellently given by Mra. Pain and the Misses Critchley, who delighted the audience; Mr. Gill gave a reoitation " Woolloomooloo," bnt the audience not being satisfied he gave as enoores " Tbe Slave*! Dream" and also " Woolloomooloo " a second time; the • duet (violin and zither),- "In Old Madrid," was given in fine style by the Misses Farr; " Wishes and Fishes " was sung nicely by Miss Mills, and much appreciated by the audience, as also was the song, "Thoughts by the sea," by Mr. Edgar Harford, whilst the duet, "I heard a voioe in tbe tranquil night" was beautifully rendered by Mrs: faine end Miss P. Critchley. The comic song,, "I was not as drunk as all that,'.?, was "rendered by Mr. Cummins, who had to give as • egcordi " It makes yoij.eareffl! V : . a'fad " She could not' keep ber eyes off the chap that played the drum." "TricSy" another comio item, was given very nicely by Miss. R. Siein. Then followed some nigger specialities by Messrs. A. Herford, P. Delaney, and E. Herford. The second part of the entertainment commenced with a pianoforte duet, " Waves of the ocean," given very nicely by the Misses Carter. Mr. Cummins sang " I can't thiuk of everything," and to please his admirers he had to give as encores ''Teaching McFadden to wallz," and 1 threw over tne push for my Donab." Miss Herford sang the comic song " I'm in love with the man in the moon," well. Mr, Gill contributed "Tbe Wanderer," and Mr. Anderson the recitation, " The Quack Doctor." The song "Golden Love," was rendered excellently by Mrs. J. Ashe, and tbe duet (comic), "Very improper indeed,'' sung by Miss P. Critchley and Mr. A. Hodges, was undoubtedly very much enjoyed by the audience. The youpg lady carried ber part out splendidly. The song " The 8kipper," by Mr. .Neale was alBO very good, as was " A stitch in time saves nine," by Mr. E. Herford. A duet (violin and zither), " Norma," was again listened to with much attention. Then came the song " The old hook," by MiBB P. Critchley, tbe rendering of which prompted an enoore. " I'll await my love," by Mr. Jae. Morris, and "That is love," by Mr. Edgar Herford, brought the musical poriion to a close. The t*ice, "Tbe Public house Ghost," by Messrs. P. Dnlaney, A. Beiford and H. IWges, was well performed. At tbe close of tbe entertainment, the Chairman announced that a sum of about £11 had been raised, which amount would be added to the subscriptions raised in the borough end sent to head quarters as soon as possible. Aid. VAIJLAHCB moved a vole of thanks to those ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly and efficiently assisted in bringing the programme to suoh a successful issue, and he desired to include in that vote of thanks also the churchwardens, who bad kindly given the use of tbe hali free, for the entertainment. .. . l'lbe singing of the National Anthem brought the concert to a close. It should be utated. tbat Mrs. Paine very_ efficiently presideU«tthe piano during the evening. 