CHAPTER II. I" IT is enough to make a man mad to see it. How can you put up with it, Mies Jardine 1" There was a faint hesitation before the name, as if some other name had nearly slipped out. Lord Acres and Prue Jardine were walking side by side on the old walls under the shadow of the trees. Frue walked on with a faintly set look in her face. This interview would have to take place some time or another, and it was best to hare it over. The strain of avoiding it was too great. She braced herself op to it now to race it as she would have faced the surgeon's knife. The last time Cyril Grant, as he was called then, and she had talked alone together had been under the starlight among the redwoods at the baok of a Califoraian store. Then he had told her how he, who had lived for the last year under her father's roof, sharing their toils, their anxieties, and the pleasures that had come even into their hard pressed lives, had that day heard he had oome into an English earldom. The news had come so unexpected that he had before it came, made up bis mind to settle down for good in that part of the world. Bat all the vegae, sweet under- i standing which had sprang ap between I them had suddenly ended that night under the starlight, when he told her of i the change that had come into his life. At the break of the next day he had gone away, and from that day to this they had neither seen or heard anything of each other. The parting took place three years ago. Some months after Acre's departure Prue's father had died, Prue, left quite alone in the world, had taken the post of governess to the son of the millionaire, and had lived with them ever since why, or how, few people could under stand. It passed the comprehension of Lord Acres. He remembered her as a etarry-cyed, high-spirited, laughing girl, and her submission to the present con ditions of life was inexplicable. " How can you put up with the tempera and cranks of that old " Then he suddenly remembered that the old woman was to be his mother-in-law. Prue, knowing perfectly what he bad been on the point of saying, and under standing far better than Pamela did how his fastidious refinement, natural and inherited, must be jarred upon by his future relation's vulgarity and ostenta tion, went on rather quietly : " I do not mind it. I stay because of Pamela. She is as sweet-hearted as she is lovely." " Yes," he said, his eyes still dark with the perplexity of finding her here. " I say," he said, with a sudden laugh, "do you remember the old days and want to " go a visiting back to Grigsby's station ?" I do, sometimes. By George, how queer and odd it all seemed," with another laugh, which had a note of bitterness in it. " It was quite a time before I got used to having my boots cleaned for me, and when I see the girls riding in the park or taking the fences across country I remember how you and I used to ride through the redwoods, and how sweetly the pines used to smell. And do you remember the azela bash just at the back of the store, and the sleighing in winter, and " He stopped short, drawing himself up stiffly, and biting his lips under his large moustache. " Yes. I remember it all," she said very steadily. The short autumn afternoon was clos ing in, the golden light had faded, and white faiiy-like mists were beginning to rise from the gardens that had once been deep moats, and crept like pale ghosts of those old dead days about the trees and bushes, as if they had stolen back to look once more on the grim and frowning walls which had once shut in the quaint, beautiful town, but which to-day were so covered by creepers and ivy, so garlanded with flowers, so picturesquely broken by the houses, that had been built into their frowning grey strength that a writer who loved it said that Dinan was like a young girl trying on a suit of old armour over her ball dresB. Prue stopped as she spoke and looked about her. There was not a soul in sight for the moment. There was no sound save the distant voices of some children in the dusky valley below, and the stir of the wind as it rustled the yellow leaves of the trees overhead and sent them drifting earthword. " How chilly it is growing," she said with a little shiver. " It is time I took John Jeremiah in. He has a bad cold, already." But John Jeremiah's cold did not rouse any interest or anxiety in the heart of Lord Acres. He stood pulling rest lessly at the leaves of one of the shrubs that fringed the old fosse, looking down into her pale face with contracted brows, and as he looked the spell of her presence fell on him again, and he forgot every thing except that she was to him the sweetest woman his heart had ever known. He had striven bard to forget her, but as Pamela had said, she was one of these women that no man having loved could ever forget. Though the old bright I prettiness had faded, the grey, black fringed eyes were the same, and if the lips had paled a little, the sweet loveable ness was still there, and their gravity suddenly stirred him as even their mock ing, mischievous laughter had never done. " Prue," he said sharply, " why did you never answer my letter? Ah, heavens 1 How I waited, day after day, month after month 1 And-I had been such a fool. I had actually dared to hope when I left America that I might win you for my wife. Bnt I think you j might have sent me a line, just one line to say that you were sorry. It would not have made it any easier to bear, perhaps, but it would have been a little less rough on me. And I loved you so." Under bis breath. "What letter, Cyril." She did not know that she was using the old familiar name. " I never had any letter," going ou in a still dull tone, as she suddenly knew what had been. " I thought yon had gone away and forgotten, that was all." There was a dead pause. Only the wind rustled a little louder and more fretfully in the trees overhead, and one of flie yellowing leaves flattered down on Prue's shoulder. " You never got my letter asking you to be my wife ? and it did not come back, BO I thought you had received it. And then I met John Grey in London one day, and he told me that yon were engaged to that Hill fellow, whom I always used to hate." " Inever had a letter, andit was all a-" " Lie! Corse him! Grey had sworn to be even with me, because of that row we had about the tenderfoot he was swindling. Prue! Prne! Oh! And I still love you, Prue I" as he read something in her face that made it as pale as the ghostly mist stealing abont them. " And you did not care for me after all, my darling!" Her hands went out to his, then fell to her side as she remembered. "Pamela," she cried. "Oh, how could we forget Pamela ?" 