WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW I Mrs fI.H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leav ing not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house talking and laughing. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic statue. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes. in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? " During a recent period of ill= health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several succesive nights. On these nights about two o'clock I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey abe was killed in a railway disaster. 1 screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough1 to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No.doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. .n March,. 1890 it was. that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokestown, Hants, wrote us as follows: "I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with 'me, yet I did not wish themTfar away in case I should call for help.. -This was in June;, 1889.;'I.l: ilvery badly;and in -th-e morning felt little the better for havingg'oie to ied:-i There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, andI was sick most..of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and' bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had so lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not even retain that on my stomach By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. -My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed I would never get better.. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked me what I was taking. She told me she was jnst as badly off herself once, and was cured' by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. Aashe seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went dowstairs. Now I am as well as ever. Ican eat and digest my food, and all mny nervousness has left me.". The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indi gestion and dyspepsia and nervonaprostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only. when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be'your opinion of the Bridgeport. ghost,. it remasina true" that most uncanny visions and sounds mean' nothing mbre or less than a set of nerves all upset byr indigestion and dyapepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person wjho sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup has don, its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is n~tural and. wholesome. 