OLD GltlDLEY'S GHOST. The Strange Story or the Loss of the " Oro Fino." 44 Why, Dunham, what's the matter? How your hand trembles! Are you slot?" " No ; not exactly." " What ails you then ? Speak out, man. Hare you been soemg a ghoat T' "To tell the truth, Maggie, I do feel a little nervous this morning; I haven't made a trip these twenty years that 1 dreaded line this.'' 4 Soon Old Gridley again ¥" " Yos." 44 Pshaw! I thought that was it. Haven't you seen him a dozen times be fore and nothing came of it ?" , 44 This' time he had his soxtant." ' All this was at the breakfast- table. Dunham was. mate of the Oro Fino, mak ing trl-monthly trips between Portland and San Francisco. He had sailed thirty yoara, been round the world twice, been captain about six years, but lost his ship and couldn't got another, and so was glad "to he first mate of tho Oro Fino. ' Dunham was in tho . habit of seeing ghosts, or rather, a ghott, for he never saw but one ; that was old Gridley. Gridley was mate of tho vessel on which Dunham made his first trip. as a ship-boy. That trip was Dunham's first, but Gridley's Inst. Gridley had a passion for beating ship's boys with a rope's" end he died in - the not of beating Dunham with a rope's end ; Gridley was taking an. observation with the, sextant, and, as tho boy was passing with a bucket and swab, a sudden lurch of the ship threw him against the mate. Gridley seized a- rope's end, and was belaboring the boy soundly whon a boom, providentially left loose, struck him and knocked him overboard. Ever since that, on numerous occasions, Dun- ham had seen Gridley's ghost — usually with a rope's end, but sometimes witii a sextant,. He had naver been able to see any particular fatality portended by the vision with the rope's end. Ho had seen it a dozen times ; and on some occasions, his best luck had- seemed to follow the apparition. Not so when the ghost with the sextant appeared. Ho had seen this only twice— once, the night before lie fell from the foretop and broke his leg ; the .other time, the night before his slup was castaway.' Last night, was the third time. He had awakonod and found himself lying on liis back. Tho room was perfectly dark ; it was also perfectly still. Dunham could see nothing and could hear nothing. Nevertheless, ho felt that something or somebody was in the room that ought to bo out of it. He also felt a draught of cold air. Dunham was no stickler for ventilated apartments, and had carefully closed and locked the windows before re tiring. The air could not come from the windows ; neither could it come from the bed-robm door, for that opened into the aitting-room just opposite to a window, and if the door had been open ho could have seen tho window. Despite his natural courage, Dunham- was frightened. He raieed himself on his elbow very oautiously. He looked about the room ; he could see absolutely nothing. He reached over to where Maggie, his wife slept— she was there. He moistened his finger in his mouth and held it up. He could then eeneibljr feci the draught of air coming from the fobt of his bed. . He got up and struck a light. Looking over his shoulder as he did so, he saw, at tho foot of his bed, old Gridley. It would do no good to ahoub loud— his wife would only laugh at him. He had often waked her up to look at the ghost, but she professed never to io« it. It would do no good to oould got over the bar by taking the north channel. While the firemen were getting up steam, Dunham ran over to hie friend's house— it was ouly a few steps— and bade Joey good-bye, and told him to be a good hoy and mind his mother, and gave him sundry other items of good advice which I fear the young scapegrace did not attend to closely, being engaged in the very amusing game of eee-saw with the little girl of the house. By three o'clock the ship was fairly under way again. By five, sue was safely over tho bar, and had put her pilot'aboard a steamer whioh was waiting on the out- sido to ontor. The captain having been up all the previous night, went to his cabin and turned m for the niglit. The passen gers wore all either eea- sick or chilled by ihe cold wind, and had gone to their rooms ' and into the cabin. . The wheelman, by orders from Dunham, made out Cape Dis appointment and Tillamook Head, and look his ranges from them and put the ship ou her course. He had only time to do this when a fog rolled up so dense that ovou tho light on Gape Disappointment could scarcely ho seen. Dunham assured himself, that the ship was on her right course by going into tho wheolhouse and looking for himsolf. Having done this, and knowing tho coast perfectly, he felt pretty safe. Ho was a little confused and nervous, however, and so he went down to the CRbin and overhauled his charts, and read the sailing directions just as though he had novor made the trip before. He aeomsd to be all right. 44 Bring your vessel in range of Cape Disappointment and Tillamook Head, and then put her about south by east." He had dona this fifty times before, and had come out all right. To be sure that no mistake had been made, he - climbed up to the wheel- house, and quietly asked tho man at the wheel how he had got his range. Ho an- - wored prptriptiy and satisfactorily. Every thing was according to orders. So Dunham cursed his nervousness,, and walked back to the smoke-stack. Tho wind had gone down with the sun, . but. a heavy sea was running, and it was as dark as Tartarus. Dunham paced the deck for half an hour, then went below to get his cloak. Being chilly, he went up" to the hurricane deok and sat with his baok to the smoke-staok.- Being nervous he lit a cigar. Being careful, he walked forward to see how things were moving. He thought he heard a 'distant roar.' He listened and could hear nothing. He walked baok to. the smoke-staok. In ten minutes he came forward again. He thought ho heard the roar of surf. He called to the man at the wheel : < "Abbott" !4 Ay, ay, sir." !' How does she stand ?" . 44 Sou'- by east, sir." That was all right ; that was the course Dunham had put her on. .He went to the paddle-box and signalled the engine to stop. Then he called' a man and had the lead thrown. 44 Twenty-four. Plenty of water," thought Dunham, and started the engine. He then went to the captain's cabin and knocked. Tho oap-. tain did not hea> the firot time, and ho knooked again. ' 44 "Who's there!" 44 Ths mate." . The captain opened a port near the head of . his berth, and asked him what tho matter was. Dunham' reported. Tlio captain told him it vras all right ; that it was foggy, and the roar of the surf with such a sea on and no wind could be beard ten' mil os. Dunham rather thought ae, too, and wont away. During this parley, and while the mato stopped a few minutes to look after things below, the ship had 'Wede nibre thftn two milea headway. By the time Dunham got on deck again the roar of the aurt was frightful. He fairly screamed at the helmsman : 44 Abbott I" 44 Ay, ay, sir." ' 44 How's her head ?" 44 Sou' by east, sir." Amazing 1 Dunham ran to Mia paddle- box and jerked a signal. The engine stopped. Then he rushed to the captain's door and callod lam out in the name of tho gods. Both flow on deck. There was no mistake about it ; thoro wore the breakers not half a mile ahead, judging by the sound, thundering and boiling againRt tile shore. Dunham had almost run the ship's head on shore, and that, too, when she was holding precisely the same coarse by compass that lie had put her on fifty times before. Tho captain roared : 44 What's her course ?" 44 Sou' by east, sir." 44 Put her sou'weet." 44 Sou'west, Bir," echoed the man at the wheel, and the wheel spun round and the oliains rattled. The captain rushed to the signal-bell and started the onginc, and got tho ship under good steering head way. Scarcely had she started on her new course when a scraping sound was heard and folt — then bump, bump, bump, as though the ship had boon lifted up and set down hard three times ; then a crash and a sudden stop that sent the detain and mate on their faces, and brought the smoke-stacks crashing through the decks, and snapped off- the topmast like pipe stems. The ship had struck a sunken rook, and'began to fill at once. Who got to shore, and how they got to shore, matters not. It is the same old story. Tho news spread on wings. Men came and draggod the swollen corpses of their friends out of the surf, or dug them out of the sand, or identified them in the shed, or paced the bcaoh day after day looking out on the ramorseless sea that sullenly clung to its dead. > The captain and the wheelman, Abbott, went to Portland together — Dunham they never found — and there they talked over the strange affair and exhausted. all their ingenuity in vain to account for tho loss of "the ship whon on tho right course on a still night. When tho wrecking-tug was ready, they went out to tho wreck. It still hung on tho rocks. The bows were high out of water. The two men climbed np into tho wheel-house. They unscrewed the compass-box from its fastening and brought it on shore. There they opened it, and lifted up the card and needle, and there lay the little instrument cf death— a broken knife- blade. The handle and the rest of the blade were in little Joey Dunham's pocket. He had tried to pry out the glass, to see what made the card swing around so when lie held his knife by it, and in doing so had broken the blade. Ho concealed his mis chief and stole away. 