"HAMLET" ON THE STAGE. In view of the appearance of Mr. Walter Bentley as Hamlet, a note on some of the famous impersonators of this character in the past may prove interesting. From Shake- speare's time down to thai) of ]<Vichter t the actors who achieved most celebrity in th« part were only 1.1 in number, although thtra have, of course, been many Hamlots of lesser note. Nor does this list include the names of f-uch modern Hamlets of distinction as that of Henry lrvinjr in Kugland. Edwin lloutb in America, and Toiumaeo Salvini and Ernesto Kossi in Italy. The first Btage Uamleti was Richard Burbagn, the greatest actor of Shakes iwaire's day. Horn about tho year 15Gii, he was tho original of a dozen of Shakespeare's characters on tho stage, including Siiylock, Hichard IIL, Romeo, Henry V., Othello, Loir, Macbeth, Coriolanus and Hamlet, liurbaee, like Gar rick und Kean, waa short in stature, and at the time when Hamlet was brought out had be come somewhat corpulent; hence, apparently, the line in the last act of Hamlet, spoken of the Prince by Quoen Gertrude, " He's fat, and soant of breath." Unfortunately, no record of the manner in which LJurbage acted Hamlet lias come down to ns, a fact which is to be regretted, inasmuch as the actor was instructed in the jiart by the great dramatist himself. Of his fame in Shakespearian interpretations there is, however, no question ; and of all these im personations his Hamlet takes highest rank. The second Hamlet of note was Thomas TSetterton (l63T>-1710), the leading actor of the Restoration. He played chiefly under tho management of Sir William Davenant, who is to be creditod with tho introduction of proper scenery and costumes to tho stag?. lietterton, who first played Hamlet at th« age of 27, in stantly "electrified his audience" in tho character. Thereafter the tragedy was fro quently revived, with 15etterton as the I'rince, and with tuch eueoess tliat its financial record was not <iqualled at the timo by any other production. Colley Cibber, in his masterly "Apology," a book which is full of admirable criticism on tho art of acting, has left a graphic word picture, too long, unfortunately, to quote in full, of liettorton'e Hamlet, lietterton's first scene with the ghost was particularly impressive. He opened it with " a pause of mutu amaze ment ; then rising Mowly to a roleinn, tn-ai bling voice, he made the ghost iijua'ly terrible to tbe spectator as to hiuistl:, and in the descriptive part of tho natural emotions which the ghastly vision gave him the boldness of his expostulation was still governed by decency, nianly. but not braving, bis voice never rising into that seeming outrage or wild defiance of v/hat lie naturally revered." Bottorton, whose Hamlet was characterised by filial tenderness and dignity, created no lees than 130 charac ters durioc his long and honorable career. His .-successor was the illustrious David Gar rick (1710-1.13), who first acted Hamlet) in 1 lublin in the summer season of 1742. having fur his Ophelia no less a person than Margaret WotSngton, whose name was taken by Charles Riade and Tom Tr.ylor for the heroine of "MaaEs and Faoii?." Tbe popularity of the young Hamlet in the Irish capital was extra ordinary. The people were infected with the "(Jarrick fever," and this Hamlet of 20 was dubbed " Roscius," an alfectation which did not turn tbe youthful player's head. The Ihiblin verdict was endorsed by that of London. Garrick, like Bettertoa, mndo he greatest effect in the ghost scenes. " When he first caw the vision the fear with whica he teemed to be filled immediately communicated itself to bis audience. His expostulations, though ■warm and imperative, wtfre yet re strained by a filial awe. The progress of his impaeHioned sensation until the ghost beckoned him to retire was accompanied with an ad mirable mixture of terror and reverence." A c'uaracteristio of Garrick's Hamlet was the note of filial piety struck in the iirst scene with the Khost. He was alto ex;*llent in the various soliloquies, making his greatest tifect in the tpeech commencing "O what a rogue and peasant bhivo am 1." Garrick's pathos in the conclusion of Hamlet's exortation with his mother was also particularly tine. "Davy," who was I lerpetually endeavoring to improve Shakespeare, made a wild and wonderful ver t-ion of ••Hamlet." Among other things he completely whitewashed Laertes, and he ex punged the characters of the gravediggers and young Orric. Laertes was also at lirst pro vided with a dying speech, which was bo well receh'ed by the audience that it was speedily transferred to Hamlet. Gairick'e Hamlei! was followed by that of John Henderson (1747-17*")), familiar in stage history as the "Bath Rot-eius." Henderson, as Shylock, successfully challenged comjiari ou with Mauklin. but he is most famous fur his KalstafL His Hamlet, nevertheless, had its good points, chief of which was the exquisite music of his voie-e in the apostrophe " tbe fair Ophelia." But the Garrick worshippers would have none of him as Hamlet. They found fault wicb him for throwing away the portrait of his uncle in the famous scene between tbe Queen and Hamlet, and, again, for retaining it, after tbe dessertation on the brothers. Nor did ho manage his hat properly on ae?ing tbe pliost! Bnt his most heinous offence lay in the famous cloect scene, ie which he did not upset the chair according to tradition. "Mr.Gar rick, sir, always overthrew the chair,'- com plained the adherents of the pn- at little man. Geonjo Frederick Cooke (17.">U-IM2;, who excelled greatly in other characters, was a complete failure as Hamlet, who was converted by him into "an unpolished, obstinate, sar castic madman." The three Kembles—John Philip, Charles, and Stephen—all tried Hamlet, tho most suc cwhful of tbe trio being the elder, John l'bilip (1757-1523), who, thanks to the iniinence of bis sister, Sarah tSiddons, made hi- first appearance on the boards of Drury Lane Theatre on Septeml>er 3(}, IS7'A, as the Dane. Kemble's Hamlet in those early days was "too scrupulously graceful." In late-r years Hazlitt was moved to unusnal admiration of his imiier sonation: —"There he was, tho sweet, tho graceful, the gentlemanly Hamlet. The scholar's eye shone in him with learned beauty; the roldier's spirit decorated his pereon ; the Ijeauty of his performance' was its retrospective air. its intensity and abstraction; his youth wemed delivered over to sorrow. Later actors have played the part with more energy, walked more in the sun, dashed morw at elic-ct, piqut-d themselves more on the girth of a foil; but Knmble's sensible lonely Hamlet has not been \- nr,ia.sfied." Kemble's Hamlet was eminently h holarly and intellectual, but too studiously graceful and too cold to be entirely offc- tive. Kfrable, who was so obese that h« played I'alstafF without padding, occasionally attempted Hamlet for hia beueQt, when the lines, O, that tbis too. too ROlid llnh would tedt, Thaw, and resolve iuelf into a dew. provoked the smiles rather than the sympathy of the audience. A famous Hamlet of the early part of the century was Charles Mavne Young (1777-1850). His great hits were made in the intensity and vigor of the play scene and in the fencing eceno. His (scenes between Hamlet and Ophelia and between Hamlet and the Qneen lacked tenderness. Edmund Kean (17J>7-1S:«) played Hamlet at Drury Lanu tor tho first time on March 12, ISM, having two months previously saved the theatre from ruin by bis magnificent performance of Shylock. His Hamlet cannot take rank with liis Othello, Shylock, or lapo. In several rcsi>octs it was the traditional stage Hamlet. In many scenes the virulence of his Hamlet was out of place, and in otbe-rs. notably in the last act. where he exclaims, " 'Tis I, Hamlet, the Dane," he wanted force. He creaUxi a finn effect in the scene with Ophelia, at tbe end of which Kean need to return from the very extremity of the stage, take Ophelia's band, kiss it with tender rapture, look mournfully upon her with oyen fall of beautiful significance, and then rush off tho stage. Macready'a Hamlet was monoto nous, harsh, and severe; successful only in tho play ecene. Charles K<san\s Hamlet was caro fnl and polished, but painfully laehrymo?eaud extremely slow. Fechter was ineltectivo in the play and closet scenes, making iiis bust hit in the scene with Ophelia. Sympathetic, deli cate, handsome, and with long flaxen curls, Quivering, sensitive nostrils, line cvu and Bym pathetic voice, he perfectly represented the graceful prince, but he did noi touch the tragic atop in his rendering of Hamlet 