T H E STORY OF ANDREW FAIRFAX. BOOK II. fbepabiNg fob his work. CHAPTEE XIV.—(Gontuied): ."Mj dear,.young.inan,".he said, length, " you are sadly mistaken." " A-m 1/' replied Andrew then I should j be very glad if ydu'd put me right." " If you'd seen the glorious revivals we've had up here, you would not talk like, you have been doing." >; i/J! „•> ■ " Fvenot a word to.say agpdhstinyiir^li^'f replied Andrew. *' Anything that will stir up these people to think of things-other than: those of which 'they • are constantly thinking is good. But what I want to see is the practical results of your revivals. 1 will admit there are a iarge number of good people in the parish, but I have like wise been-amazed by the immorality which exists. You know it is a fact that the con verts of one winter are the backsliders -of j the next, and that out of a great number ! who profess con version, only a few remain j Christian." . "f Henry sighed. This was true. The ' young man had put his finger ona great j weakness. ......... j "And it isno .wonder," continued An dreWki.H : :"v i "Ho wonder! How?"' "■Because -nothing-is done for themr Excepting, one nighha ._fprtnight, your, chapel and schoolroom?: doors arq- closed fromSunday to'Sunday, mid these^peopl^ can go where they like. W hat wonder, amidst the loneliness of' their life, that, they seek diversion in ways that lead them "There be the class meetan's, young J man." " Do many go'to them, pray ?" Henry-shook hishead.. " Very few," he J muttered. " - • • ^ ^ "I went to one," Andrew, continued. " Old Amps Crews took me." ' " Yon went to a class meetin'! Aw, yes, I heerd about it." " Well, I don't wonder that young.peqple don't, care. ahont going. The - leader had. prepared nothing that would intereetor help. He simply droned -oufca few worn out platitudes." , " He spoke as the Spirit gave hi™ utter ance, young man." Andrew was silent. An answer- sprang j to his lips, hat he did not give utterance to:[ it. i It would- seem irreverent. ...... "The only power to save-is religion, young msn," asserted Henry. " I agree - with t you,"; xeplied.Ahdrew, " but it must be a real religion—a religion touching every phase-of life, andfatfaom ihgihe deepest human needs!. A religion like you were telling me . about in that hymn yon quoted is a -caricature of real re ligion." t. ■Henry would have replied, -but-he heard: his daughter coming into the house. i "Will you.use your influence, and get) your Church to take up this matter ?",An drew asked, seeing him hesitate. "Ho, young man. Our chapel and schoolroom was built as the house of Hod. I will never consent, for it to become a club-room* Both church and chapel had refused him, then,-for lie knew that Henry Yelland was as much ;a master at the-chapel as-the. rector was at (he .church. Certainly the leaders ofrehglonwereagainsthim. (Andrew enjoyedhis tea thoroughly. Cer taihly Henry was a poor exponent of his religion, if that religion was the one ex pressed in -Charles Wesley's hymn, for bis table was literally laden with good food. A great ham, meat pasties, the remains of a huge chicken pie, and abundance of clotted cneam.wereplaeedonthe table, while cakes; and tarts were brought forward -in .great varieties, certainly, whatever might be the condition.of the poor farm -lahonrer, Mr Yellaiid f jred sumptuously every day. ; After tea the family went to chapel, An drew being placed in Henry's ,pew. ..He. found the place nearly full, and.unusual interest "was manifested. Andrew found that the church had been trying to" "get up a revival," and on tliis night they expected, a breakdown"among the unconverted. , Henry preached a remarkable sermon, and on this occasion made agreat effect. I willhot try and reproduce it. Jf 1 did 1' should be accused of irreverence, for many of his statements wonld shock many .who have never attended a revival meeting in" lioamshiie. He. took for his text,' The wages of sin is death," and spent his whole powers in. trying, to tell the -meaning of' death, which in his conception was a con scious- eternal torture. He quoted the, Methodist catechism, -which said that the wicked would be punished in hell by hav ing, their bodies tormented by- fire, au.d their sools by a sense of the wiath-of God. Hq,: moreover,..enlarged -on the idea that these torments would- last for ever and ever. And yet the man who preached this could .--crack a joke with the best at the right time—that is to say, on holiday? oc casions, market days, sales, andso on, while he could eat .roast beef and plum-puddirig with a splendid appetite. At length the sermon came to an end, and the prayer-meeting commenced. How came-the time when the Loams'nire charac ter shone out. A great fear, almost amounting to . a panic, bad laid hold-of many of the people, who commenced to groan.': There -was manifest sincerity, too, and a serious look settled on their faces. And this was scarcely wonderful. Fancy, if yon can, a place nearly ten miles from a gas lamp, where the people had been taught for l#ng generations to believe in ghosts, apparitions, satanic visitations, and soforth, and then think of the effect of preaching fearful doctrines. Moreover, it was adarfc night, and some had to go long' distances alone. Every bush would b'e- an unearthly visitant, every sound the foot step of the dead. The hymns they sang, I too, were-calculated to arouse -every- bit of latent superstitionin their' natures. •* ' -Andrew listened in -wender. The people - .did not sing unmusically,but the words] were terrible:— ' " We shall see the Judge descending, .., tin that great day, Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet Shall go sounding through the vale. "We shall see the graves all opening In the old churchyard, Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, etc. "We shall hear the devils howling In that great day, Whilst the mighty; mighty trumpet, etc.' These words were set to a weird, creepy i kind of music, and as at the close of each verse nearly the whole congregation burs) forth with the following refrain:— ' "Turn, poor sinner, and escape eternal fire, For you'll have to stand the fire in that j great day''— ) Andrew began to feel something of the influence of a revival meeting. And yet there were no penitents. The truth was the people were accustomed to this kind of thing, and while it exerted an influence, many regarded it as a matter of ! course. As the meeting went on, the noise foe came great. One or two commenced to shout, three or four prayed at one time,' ■■"til quiet thought was almost imnossible. I will not; describe this meeting "further, or I shall, perchance, be accused of dealing flippantly -with a. solemn theme. For the I same reason I will not relate the conversa- j tion which followed by some of the prin cip&l; members of the Church. At the same time, if I am to tell the story of Andrew Fairfax, f mnafc necesEarily refer to this pajfc of his life. Neither would 1 be accused of lack of sympathy with religious revivals —•nay, I have every belief in them, pro fdedibey are genuine. Moreover, there was some excuse for the kind of meeting I have described. . The people are not very .susceptible to finer influences, their very condition of life had rendered them so sluggish and iethargic that only those in fluences which appealed to their grosser natures "had much effect upon them. Andrew, however, did not find the meet ing helpful. To the young man whose surroundings had been different, dud whose intellect bad. been trained, the teaching and general influence were repugnant. So much was this so that wken- he was asked about his own spiritual condition, he was Sed to giveiexpressiqa to some very strong; words. 1 He told these people that their conception of God and religion was op pwsed-to what was best and truest^ and that its-power would grow :less year by •year. : • .' The young man left the chapel with a bad name,"and it -was hinted that <any. one holdinghuch' opinions as his waS?su&ment; to Mil any revival. \- Andrew went home with a sad heart. He felt as though he could do nothing. The - clergyniEux had declined., to imlp him^tke : people'at the chapel evidently 'regarded him as ;a: dangerous young man. Hean 'while'the villagers dragged out'a weary, painful existence. They had nothing that | gave interest to their olives, nothing, to re -fineor ennoble them. As for their future, j only » painful old age and the workhouse stared them'in the face. I It-is true that both church and chapel existed, '"but what -. did % they *do P. The former adhered* o ancient ^forms tuid con ventional methods, but it had lost touch with" the" people'.' The great Vault-like budding was ppened only one day a week, Mi*Hifeh%5wlis nearly ^mp%: 'Asfor-the chapel, there were activity and earnestness but|Ofa$&^iPdon& waa| duefsidedi and"! in? efficient! vfBi people*' Slid «not ■ seem to realize that the same laws prevailed in the spiritual as in the natural realm, and thus life -was withouitdts true joy. They cared a great deali»bpja£,aaring'people from hell and getting them to heaven, but'as to try ing to make this worid' less like; hell and more like heaven, by bettering the physical' and social conditions-of "the people, they did not regardtthak.as--a -.part of their religion.- For weeks together there was nothing to Inter est or amusegreac numbers of the people, and thus somehow they lost ^rip of that "which was purely emotional. • i No doubt bbthehapel ana church -did an Amount of good, but they both lacked that Social element, that regard for this work-a llay world/wherfeby- they could have been A great power, for good. I "Oh/' though Andrew,!'if some broad minded young curate and some thorough ting minist-r could come to theseptacea .on could be made* a thousand times loreto them than it is now—but it canno t e, T suppose. TVhat's tobe done,'then?" Hestopped a minutein the road/as if a hou^ttbSfl struck him.- f ;, • ,- -s?. m " TeSi-IJU go/' he said to himself ^ " I will. SSepaidiut littW attdntion- to my letter, bat'-if T can see her/surelyshe will listeh,-eveii although .she.thinks.I.am per force a farm servant?' . "Is that you, Mr Fairfax?" A man had -overtaken him and spoken thustohim. : " I've bin wantin' to speak to you oal day/' be went on." "Jffy two children be^ veryTbM^they-rechUcked.upinthe tbrgat/f aoMdd Beans, ev givedime moatrae ftd,iiuw».rj What £'ni: to do djdoan' knaw." r 1 1 £ 