THE SLOWBOB FAMILY GHOST. There was no end of excitement at Hollydale when it became known that a gentleman rejoicing in the name of Timothy Slowbob had purchased Cypress Grange. The old house had been empty for many a year. It was once the residence of a wicked old squire, who mortgaged in s estates to the tops of the trees in the carriage drive, drank port until he required an escort to bed, and was nick- named Nimrod on account of his sporting proclivities. The building, with its many painted gables, moss-grown terraces, and surround- ing grounds, had an evil name, and it was not the sort of place a timid person would care to pass on a wild, blustering night, with snow in the air, and the wind shriek- ing like a pack of banshees. The people of Hollydale all agreed that if Cypress Orange was not haunted, it ought to be, for it had huge, panelled rooms, dim and mysterious corridors, galleries with here and there a piece of old armour still remaining upon the walls, and vast cellars,' where perhaps in days long past conspirators had whispered plots, or men, women, and children had lain hidden, and trembled as they listened to the thunder of war between Cavalier and Roundhead. So it was just the very happy hunting ground for a good old-fashioned ghost, grim, ghastly, and deliciously transparent in the moonlight. Mr. Timothy Slowbob was delighted with the place, and he bought it out of hand, no extra charge being made for cobwebs, spiders, rats, and mice. As for the ghost, it might walk if it liked, or keep away. He was perfectly independent of it, one way or the other, as he had a ghost of his own a real family ghost. He was blessed, among other enviable things, with a handsome wife's sturdy son and heir, an extremely pretty daughter, and plenty of money. Some people said that he had founded his fortune on pickles ; others that he had, so to speak, tumbled head first into a mine of precious metal during the Australian gold fever ; a few whispered that he had made thousands in a single day on the Stock Exchange but all agreed that he was a jolly, open banded, generous, plain spoken, no-humbug-about-him gentleman, and that his arrival at Hollydale had practically saved the place. The grocer, baker, and, in fact, all the tradesmen, except the undertaker (who, by the way, knew more comic songs than anybody in the village, and sung them well, too received such astounding orders that they met in the village street and shook hands with each other. Speech failed them, and they could do nothing but gasp and grip in their delight. It was rather late in December, 1880, when the small army of bricklayers, carpenters, furnishers, etc., turned their backs on Cypress Grange, and made room for the Slowbob family and the servants. The very first thing the new squire did was to frame a programme for the forthcoming holidays. The wants of the poor were to he attended to the school children to feast their hungry little interiors on good things and their eyes on a Christmas tree, with branches laden with presents, and-well, I am almost afraid to tell of the wonderful things put down upon the programme, lest I should not be believed. One bright frosty afternoon saw young Tim Slowbob driving his sister Dinorah to the railway station in a waggonette drawn by a pair of dark bays, which could not be matched for 300 guineas. It was a smart turn out, and Tim handled the ribbons in a masterly style; but smartest and prettiest of all was Dinorah, with her cheeks glowing with health, her dimpled chin making love to a sable boa lucky heather blue eyes dancing, and tiny feet peeping out-they insisted on peeping out, and would take no denial thrown under a large bearskin rug. I wonder, Din," said Tim, as he made the whip crack like a pistol shot, "if they will both come down by the same train ?" To this question Dinorah vouchsafed no reply. It made her thoughtful, and an expression half demure, half mischievous, settled on her face. And not without reason, for Captain Herbert Kennon who had smelt gunpowder with bullets and cannon balls at the business end of it, and was a perfect fire-eater had whispered certain tender words in her ear, and repeated them on superfine note paper emblazoned with crest and monogram. But then Stanley Gilderson had done exactly the same thing and, height it was a choice of two, and the rivals were coming to Hollydale to spend Christmas. There had already arrived one visitor at Cypress Grange-Jack Stanfield, the son of a Manchester man, who had worked his way up from an errand boy to millionaire. Jack was a rather matter-of-fact young man about two and twenty years of age, and looked the very last one to fall in love for some time to come. " Haven't time," he would when spoken to on the subject. " You see, my guv'nor insists upon me attending to business, and I have to drive as hard at it as a junior clerk." Jack Stanfield and Mr. Slowbob went out for a ride on horseback, while Tim and his sister drove to the station and they were back again just as the waggonette with its distinguished company and and heaps of luggage came clattering through the drive, throwing up the snow and shaking down the hoar frost like showers of diamonds. " Here they are !" cried Timothy Slow bob, running down the terrace steps. " Welcome my noble captain welcome Gilderson ! ^ God bless you and us all ! Merry Christmas ! Come in, come in 1 What splendid weather for the holidays ! Ha, ha, ha!" That laugh was loud and joyous enough to set the church bells ringing out of very sympathy, and the style in which Timothy Slowbob shook hands with the young men would have warmed a heart of stone. Captain Kennon was a tall thin man on the wrong side of thirty; Stanley Gilderson was his junior by some five years, about the medium height, dark, and would have been good-looking had his nose been not a trifle too long for his face. He and the captain travelled down from London in separate carriages, and had said very little to each other during the exhilerating drive from the station. Neither seemed overpowered with joy to see Jack Stanfield, who was tall, broad-shouldered and as ruddy as if he passed his life in the open-air; and to make matters rather more complicated, he deliberately lifted Dinorah out of the waggonette, and placed her, with her feet twinkling in the air, on a step swept clean of the snow-which was a bold act, and a rather unreasonable one in a young man who had not the time to listen to Cupid's arguments. The old dining room teemed with light and warmth when the party assembled later on, and if there was any cause for complaint, it certainly might have come from the sumptuously laid table. To be concluded on Saturday.) 