AN OUTCAST. l1T JOSEPX HOCKING, Author of " The story of Andrew Fairfax," "Jabe Easterbrook," " Zillab," do, [ArL BloaT BrEsava?D.] Published by spec cit arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock and Bow?den, Limited. CHAPTER VL ISHB?ElL BENDERB HIS PIRST ACCOUNT. " Then, welcome each rebuff That turns earth's smoothness rough, Each sting that bids nor sit, nor stand, but go! Be our joys three partapain l Strive, and hold cheap the strain; Learn nor account the pang; dare never S grudge the throe !" -BRabbi Ben Eara, Rosar, BBOws2ceo. The following day Ishmael started, for Altarnan Moors. There are but few drearier walks than this. It is. true the country is undulating, but barrenness abounds on every hand. The trees are mostly small and stunted, while for miles there is nothing to be seen but bleak= barren moorland. Across this Ishma-l walked without heeding the Pcenes by which he was surrounded; he was too busy thinking of what his mother might say to him. For eight months he had neith r seen nor heard from her. She had told.him that she should not write, for fear of any mishap, so he was not anxious on that score. But he wondered. what she would say to him, wondered how she .would regard the plans he had made. Moreover, he had been particular about his personal appearance. Two months before his master had paid him half a years .wages. It was only four pounds ten shillings, but half of this amount he had invested in a new suit of clothes. ITis true the cloth was co:arse in texture, and made by a country tailor; nevertheless, it impraced his appearance wonderfully. Added to this, he k?r lost his slouching gait, and walked.as though his limbs-belonged to him. He was. still an awkward and loosely .built youth, but he was far more prepossessing than when he had left his mother on the cliffs the :previous November. It was getting dusk when he caught sight of the house on-the moors, and. fancying he saw his mother, he quickened his step, and hurried along the pathway. "Yes, that was she, sitting by one of the .patient cos, milking. He looked around. All was as drear and as quiet as anything could well be The old place looked terribly small and poverty-stricken. The little fields which had been cultivated were very poor and unproductive. The house was not as good as the barn which had just been built at Carloggas. The cow houses were built of mud. His mother, too, looked the picture of desolation. Then he remembered the greac trees which grew around Penwithen, the rich, loamy fields, and the comfort of the great house. His mother had been robbed, and he had done nothing-nothing. His mother looked up as he came near, and a tear started to her eye. Yes, she loved Ishmael, her first-born-her only living child. She had not ceased to think about him during the long menths, and she wondered when he would come. Her motherlylove overcame allherusual coldness. She droyped her bucket, rushed toarsds bins, and thSw bahnarmo ;arouad hi neck. "Ishmsel, my own poor boy " she sobbed. But only for a minute did she give way to her emotion, and soon she bc came taciturn and hard again. "Come into the house," she said "You've walked fifteen miles across the moors. You'll want somethin' to sit. Come." He followed her into the house, and she busied herself to get him food, he wfhteb isg her closeoly, she often easting searh ing glances towards him. "Doan't'ee have nobody to stay with'ee, mother ?" he said. "Sally Larkins do allays slaip here." He gave a sigh of relief. Just before the -ham and eggs-which were being prepared were ready to be laid on the table, she came to his side again. " Stand up, Ishmael, and show me yer clothes." He stood up. ' Nearly seventeen:' she muttered ; "by the nime he's twenty-one he'll be better'n the best ov 'em." Then she placed his food before him. While he was eating she did not speak, but when he had finished his meal she sat down by his side, and laid her hand on his. " Well ?" she said questioningly. Ho looked guiltily on the table. " What have you done ?" "Nothin'." "Nothin' in eight months, Ishmael, nothin' F" "Nothin' that can be called anything Mother, ted'n sa aisy as you think." " Eight months, and nothin'-and you livin' in the house I" " No, mother, no-he wudden 'ave me there." "Where do you live then F" "At Carloggas." "And you've never been in to Penwithen House " " "Iss. That night after you left me. i went to ask for service. You tould me, ya knawv" "Well P" Ishmael described his experiences. "And you saw him- where ded you say " "In the library." "lAh! tell me what 'twas like." Ishmael described it. "Fine carpet, fine grate, fine furniture. fine bookcase and books," she repeated betweaun her teeth. " Yes. Well, he sent you to Girloggas ?" Ishmael nodded. "'John Bassett is farmer there." She nodded her head slowly, then: she said: "Have you tried to git the-will?" "No--that is.--". ; .... '. NOt tried- -Not-tried:P-Have-I-raired 'ee for thisP Beyoua poor shiverin' soul, -s '11 leave the man who robbed yei nawther 'ave every comfort. while she do slave here ?" and she lifted up her toil stained hands. "Wait a bit, mother," he said quickly. "What ncud I do? I knawd nothin' nor nobody. I ded'n dare ototell anybody who I was. I've 'add to ferret out thingas little by little. S'poasin' I tackled 'ee right off, what wud 'a' bin the good I knawd nothin'. He cud bait me every way. Why, you who had it--he bait you. He do knew -ich a lot. He's the clevrest man for miles round. Nobody can git over 'on. He do bait everybody he do come across. I seed that in a short while. But I've bin mrakin' plans. I've bin thinkin'. And 't'll be no use my matchin' myself agenst he if I bean'tso clever and so cunnin' as he eas. I must knaw so much as he, I must. WVhy, he's as slipper' as an eel; ha'll git out ov B scrape as easy as I can pull my foot ount f my shoe. But I've been watchin'." For a few minutes she was silent, evi deutly thinking 5deeply. Then she said. lowly , "Yoa'm right, Ishmael. I'm too im patient. 'Tes hard bein' here without my boy. Buttell me what you've done." Ishmael told his mother what I haveo -written in these pages, with the exception of the meeting with Eeunben Penwithen's chbildren. This he did not feel drawn to "And now you want to leave Carloggas ?' "I shalll have more time to learn if I go to Tintagel, mother," he said; "adu I shall be able to watch just. as well-pernaps better." "Perhaps you will;perhaps you:will;" she mused; "but mind :yon mustn't bind yerself. There. would be papers to sign, papers telling about your :-parentage, and wheie .you've lived, .and all .that;: That mustn't be." ! No, mother; I see." "And look here," she went on, "you mustn't forget what you've got to do, mind that. Remember you're a servant boy: when you ought toha' bin maaster." He nodded. "'How does ho look?" she broke out,. after a silence. "Does he look stout and) healthy Is he happy ?" "He do look well enough," saidIshmael,i "and do ride on the best hoes for miles around. but I believe he's unaisy." "How?"" "I went to the house just after Christ-; mas, and crawledup under the library. winda, behind a big fuchsia tree. I looked, through the winda." "Ah,yes! Didyouseelim?" "I did." "What was he doing ?" "I watched a goodish bit; he was allay; on the move-allays He seemed to be feared. He went to a little cuddy in on corner ev the room,' and pulled aside cnurtina'. There-was, a geiat) big iron- bo ther." ".Yes; -what then F" * But afore be went ther3 he locked the door ov the room. Aundhe wastakin' key out or his pocket to unlock the iron box when I made a bit ov noise 'ginst the winda. Then he turneA round like lightnin', as though he were feared. reckon my face must ha' made. a shadow on the winda, for he made for the door when a trap.comed up,.and, I heard some laughin'." " And then ?" " I hooked it." For a long. timelthey sat talking, unti Tshmael hadtold his mother almost every thing-told her all his,plans.his hopes his fears. Then. Saly Larkins, the ol woman who slept in the house with JuditB Pengelly, came. and Ishmael went to b'd. The following afternoon Judith asked Ishmael to go to the little Methodisa chapel which lay in the distance with her! but he refused. "No,"-:hesaid; "hed have notbin' to do vi' religion." Judithl ooked at him trangely. Some how shetlelt that she ought to teach her loy about.religious things, and. yet she feared. A.auperstitious feeling-possessed her, and she was afraid lest she should be calling the anger of Heaven upon. her if she neglected her boy's soul. * Ishmael," she said at length, "I heat ther's people living still who calltthemn selves Samaritans. Chritt thbught a good deal of 'em. They believe only in the five hooks which Moses wrote: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy. I want you to read them." "But I have, mother." " ead 'em again, Ishmael Bead 'em a goodish bit. You can't be a heathen ii you read 'em again and again." Then she went to chapel without him, and as she went she pondered. "It's an eye for an .eye, and a tootli for a tooth there," she said. "He mustn't read the rest till we've done our work." It was a strange religion, surely!. Bit then Judi h Penrose was a sti aune womau. Her heart had been embittered-her life blackened. Moreover, the surroundings of her life were not calculated to lead her to think on the higher truths of religion, while the teaching at the little chapel she attended on Sunday afternoons was very crude and elem.ntary. On the Monday, Ishmael started f Tmtagel, and, arrived there, made his w for Trethawy's shop. "I'll came and learn the trade," he sai8; "meothera.wlliU'.". .. - .- I. 'A . A rnatr- We a.tWo aboit ep denchers '' (indentures). rI'll have noan of 'em," replied Ish mael. " i'll work for 'ee, and I'll promise to stay till I'm Lwenty-one et nothin' happens, but I'll sign no papers." i Tommy Trethewy haggled a good bit, but finally they came to terms, and Ish mael, much to his delight, arranged to come to him a fortnight Iter.. , I There is but one more incident thaq I need to relate concerning this part pf Ishmael's life. This happened on the last night of his s-journ at Carloggas farm He had pack' up the few things he possessed, special care having been paid to the books, when remembering the parting words of his mother, he crept. gen'ly out of the houpe, and made his .way towards Penwithin. Had ho not a purpose in going to Ptn withen he would have been glad to he away from Carloggea, for John Bassett was by no means pleased at his leaviag, apd offered him more wages to stay. The chance of having one -who could do the woik of a man on payment of a boy's wages did not often occur, and Le resented Ish mael's persistency in leaving to such a degree that he often made the poor lad un comfortable. Moreover, he was not beloved by the servants in the kitchen, and he tas glad to get away alone. It was long past sunset when he drew near to Peawithen, but it was summer time, and so the night was by no means dark. " I ain't a'bin for a good while now,r so nobody can say I've bin loppin' about the place," he muttered; "but I do want to have a look at that room again. People do say that he do spend oal his ev'nin's there alone, and that he waan't have anybidy there with 'im. There's somethin' on his mind-I know." ; And Ishmael hurried along the pathway until he came to the great overshadowing trees that grew -around the house. Long he looked, but he could see no one. Evi dently old Leah had got the -servants 'for prayer, according to her usual custom;. but what of the master ? He looked to wards the library window, but no light was to bo seen. Evidently he could not be there. Perhaps he had gone out. Ah I he should like to get in that room for a little time. If he could only get the key of that iron box! His mother had told him ,that he .had that will somewhere; would itnot :be kept there ? Anyhow, he could go up.to the window and look. And so he.crept along the garden path stealthily, looking right and left, with every sinse on the alert. But there seemed no danger. All was silent. The winds had.gone.-terest. too;and the feathered -tree-tops searcely moved in the stillness of .tho.ummer night. Presently he reached the window, and, getting noiselessly be hind'.the fuchsia bush, looked and listened. He could see nothing. No light was in the room, and as thednight -shadows had fallen nothing was at first discernible to him. Although he could see nothing, how ever, he heard voices. At first it was only an indistinct murmur, but presently he was able to distinguish words. .He re cognised old Leah's voice. She was con ducting prayer for the servants. As he listened her words became louder, and she spoke as if in intense agony. Leah had been in the habit .of:reading certain prophetic magazines, which pro' phesied that the world was coming to an end .shortly. The Book of the Prophet Daniel was largely quoted, and compared with:the Book of Revelation. These two taken together were made to teach that the day was near at hand when the ele 'ments .would melt with a fervent heat, and that all that was in .the world .should be burnt up. LIah had become an.easy con sertato Jhis .belief, and her .prayers were coloured by the thoughts printed in the hysterical paper. She prayed for each servant by name, beseeching the Lord to save them from the Day of Wrath, and by-and-by Ishmacl's heart gave a bound, for he found that lhe became the subject of her prayers. She: called him the black sheep of the wilder ness, a child of darkness, an heir to hell, and prayed that his soul might be con verted, As he looked and listened his eyes be camo accustomed to the dim light in the room, and he saw that some one was sitting in the. great arm-chair. ;R.eubien Penwithenmhadi been, sitting alone in the twilight, reading, thinking, calculating. He had heard Leah's prayer, had smiled at her beliefs, until she had prayed for Ishmel. He had heard of-the episode in the chapel, and knew that from that time Leah had given herself over to Y,-wrestle "i for hissouL .'A curious feeling came over him as he::listenedto,her wild pleadings. Somehowi'ho felt that he was linked to this sad-eyed, lonely youth; 1he could not tell how. And so he listened in tently until the.prayer was nearly at an end, when he turned his face towaids the window, and saw the outline of Ishmael's face looking ghastly enough in the dim light. ,For.a moment, a superstitious fear entered into his heart. Then-a look of anger flashed from his eyes. He caught the collar of a large dog which had been lyingat his feet, led-him:out of the room, and opening the door of the'house, sent him after the retreating form, which he dimly saw in spite "of the shadow of the great trees. CHAPTES Vil. iTaE.voicOs.or Tam. DSAID. "But if you look into it, the'-balance is perfectly adjusted even here. God has made Hisworld much better than you and . could make it. Everything reaps its own harvest, every act has its own reward. And before you covet the enjoyment.which another possesses you must'first-calculata the cost at which it was procured." -FREDERICK W. ROBERTSON. Reuben Penwithen followed the,dog na rapidly as he was able,.anderel long.saw that the intelligent animal had come close to the youth, and that they now stood. facing each other. " At him. Shop I" said Reuben; but al though the dog crouched and growled; he did not obey. " At him, old man I"; ho .repeated; and still the dog refused to attack the young fellow, who stood waiting for him. "He wan .'t," said Ishmaiel; "'he' feared." " What are youn doing here, young fel low ?" asked Reuben angrily; " and what doyqnumean by looking in at my window?" Nothin',"- replied ~ishmael, stil keeping his Syes on the dog " But you were; what do you mean bj it ?" SNothin'," repeated Ishmael; "call of your dog." Somehow he did not at allfee) fright ned at Reubon now, he stood face to face with him. "I'll. o. nothing of.the sort," replied Reuben. "I'll have you taken'before.the magistrates, and then sent out of the neighbourhood. You:arehere for no good; young fellow. I was foolish to get you a job; but-if you don'tleave this part of the coun'ry at once it shall be worse for you you blaspheming young infidel I" Ishmaei realised the weakness, of this threat. First, the magistrates were -to send him out of the neighbourhood, and' then, if he didn't leave the neighboar hood at once, it should be. the worse foi him. " I shall not leave the neighbourhood,' raplied Ishmael '" I've done nothin' wrong." "-Who ara -yon?" .said.Beuben. This mysterious lad made him uncomfortable, and he asked the question almost withou' thinking. "You knaw my name-Ishmael Pen gelly. I've no friends, but I've my livin' to git,sd'have es much right to git it as you have ." The reply contained a note of sullen defiance, and Reuben. did not like being deflen-L-Fore-je- .,he'd-been';ontof tthe monesimpoete5:' me?;-n .lthbeeeigaibou, hood. and to be bearded by this great hulking fellow angered him. He..won d, red whether, a shout would reach the ears of.the men servantsiin the.kitchen: He was afraid not. But he must punish Ishmnel romehow, and make him afraid if possible. He wondered ihe .dared to tackle' him. Affterill he was ozly alad-althougb" hemwas so big. hMeanwhile.the dog had.been crouchinz. ?atching Ishmael's every movement, and as soon as his attention was slightly diverted from him prepared to leap " That's it. Shep I At him I" urged Reu ben, " at him!"' he repeated in an .anry voice; and the dcg -with-a.savage-growl obeyed his master's voice The animal was by no means a lady's pet. H lf a sh--pherd's dog, and half a mastiff, he was a formidable opponent, especially when aroused, and urged on by his master. "Ah! that's got you, you hlackguird !" cried REuben. as he, saw.the dog leap upon Tshmael. with his mouth towards the youth's throat; ' we'll soon see about it now." ,But.his triumph was short-lived. Ish mael,.tall and large boned. posse sed great strength, and although lacking the powers of endurance which he would possess in later years, he was for a brief time far more than a match for an ordinary man. Un mindful of the sharpness of the dog's teeth, he caught him by the throat with his right hand, and by the back part of his body with his left; then liftiag him high in the air he dashed him'to the ground with a terrible force. The dog gave a great yelp of pain as he fell, then picking himself up as soon as he was able, crept -away with a pit iful whine. "You shall suffer for this, you shall 1" cried Ishmael to Reuben, clenching his bleeding hand. He was going to say some thing more. but checked himself ; then turning on his heel, he made his way back towards Carloggas. "My tnrn'll come sometime,"'he mut tered; " it'll come. I doan't see bow, yet, but it'll surely come. I'm glad I didn't say nothin', though." All thiough the 'night he lay.awake planning, -vowing vengeance, and then planning again, un'il the morning sun shone mn upon his aosnty bed. NickLiddi coat lay snoring at his side, but he didnot heed 'Although every one in the house was asleep, he got up, and made his way towards the sea, and, arrived there, he divested himself of his clothes andplunged into six fathoms of water. He had learnt the accomplishment of swimming that summer, partly because he enjoyed it, and more because he thought it might be useful to him some day. And mome how the wholesomeness of the great -sea made his mind more healthy, for as he walked back to Carloggas after his bath, he brooded less, and watched the pearly dew drops ns they hung on corn and gras., wondering at their brightness as they galitened in the sun. As for RBeubn, he crept back to the house with a heavy weight on his heart. To him this was more than an ordinary epiode. The previous wintgr two navvies had come to Penwithen and stolen some chickens, blt this he had thought but little about. They were ordinary roughs; but this youth-there was a wild, evil look uprn his face that he did not like. The fellow seemed to carry a lot of dark secrets acond with him. He had the lamp lit and placed on the table, and the blinds carefully drawn, so ai to hide everything from the outside, and then, not satisfied, he closed the shutters. This done, he locked the door and sat down in his armchair, and remained for a long time with his chin resting on his chest and his eyes closed. "No, no," he sald.at length, "it can't be anything to do with that. It's only I who am afraid. I'm always troubling about' it, always troubling myself without reason. And -yet that fellow.makes me think of her. 'Nineteen years, nineteen year- and never a word, never a word to tell me if she livtes. Ay and it's been nineteen years of susplenseand fear. 'After all, I was happier at..0arloggas in the old days. I believe 1 loved her, too, in a different way from Amelia, but I loved her in a fearsome kind' of way. And she loved me at one time. : She would-have given her life for me-wnd I de ceiedw her, robbed her, The game wan't -worth the candle, after all. And yet I don't know. 1 do love the old place. I love the money it brings, and I'm proud of my posi tion." Then he esat .a long time :motion less; so still "was 'e that one might have supposed him dead. But he aroused again presently, and went on muttering to himself. 'I'm a fool to bother so. Everything is safe, as safe as can be. Judith must be dead-long.ere, this. I.shallnever.see..her ggaip, and I have the will." .He:started from theechair, and looked towards the safe. SWhy am I always wanting to see it, always wanting to read it P" he mnttered. "I hate the, sight of it, and yet it fascinates me. I often dream that I see old Michael writing it, and holding up his head between the words forbidding me to claim the.land. :It .is aswonderi how, the thought sticks to me through the years, and haunts me like a nightmare. 1 wish I'd never seen it; but there, I must go and have one more rlook at it." He walked across the room, and then stopped suddenly. "_I've forgotten all about that fellow," he muttered. "I came in here vowing vengeance on him, and I've scarcely given him a thought. Everything seems t) eentre onathis-this !" \- He ;,u!nockeddltheaafesandnthen.uooked anxiously around the room. "I believe I'd confess everything but for.them," he went on. "1I wouldn't mind for myself. Betterato be-poor if by.being poor I could be rid of this feeling. I oould.,go:away, and never be heard of again. But I cannot leave them poor. Poor Bertie is nearly a cripple, while Grace-no, I'll hold fast-but there, what a fol I am !" He.:opened-a the 4door :of thesafe,. and looted keenly at each compartment. ' Then he took a book from it, which was fastenes and locked. This he unlocked, and looked carefully at its content:. Then he turne to- the thick cover, and quickly found a pocket or compartment, evidently con trived, for important documents. From this he.extracted a'pieoepSparchment. • I couldn't keep it in the cash-b'x," he said ;..'ý.. might.Jhave .to .run..to.it.hur riedly, and leave it carelessly sometime; aand.yet, Idon t liketo .keep itehere." He spread it out on the thble. " Thelast will and testament of?Michael Penrose " Then; he unfolded it, and for the thousandth time.read its c ntents. " shall never -feel safe until I see it burnt wi h my own eyes," he-said; "and then :I..should be constantly, fearing it would be rýu-rcted in some way. SBuýI Iwill burn it,".lse continued, after a while. ,'It:makes my.life a hell; its existeuce warns me. theat ny children may be paupers There, I'll de it " :He4it.a-candle; and took the will, hold ing it :close to: the :steadylame, :.then he draw it back.quickly. -.What's that ?" he cried. "S':Burely .I .hear l.a scratch at the:wiudow,-pane. orelse it was something at the safd !" :He ,toppedagdlistened for a mninute .or ;more lbtiall was ilent-as silent a death. h- ,"h it's.only myrfoolish fears-aiteri?all -only nmy fifoolish.feara." Le ?held the psrcbmnt.against' theflameFangain, and again he:drew it back. Heiheard a loud ticklingloudrr than the sound-.of .:a -watch, yvery ,near to him "aTiack, tick. iti rck tick," At first it seemed ,n the library?table, then on the m'ntelpiece, .then.on:the safe. His hand tremb'ed?.so that the could: sareelvy holdthewill, while the perspiration stood thick on his forehead. ":Tick, tick, . tick, tick, tick,"he heard, on and on the sound went, then suddenily ceased. Hewipcd his-Lorehead a .Alookedý fearfully arouind the 'room. The lamp burnt clearly, the shutters were closed; nothing-was to ho seen. -- - I Z- ? 'e tbhe death -watch V 4 oried `a length. "Nay, I'm.not so fob'ish: as.to be frightened by that. An insect signalling for its mate, that's all. It..might -scare a anperstitious,old woman, but Reuben Pen withen knows abeut these things," And yet the a und had wrought upon ,his excited nervosn,.forthore,was a strain eof- superatition in his nature. Old-Leah had -told him stories long :years ago stories of omqnp, and tokens, and death's head moths;:tales of ghosts and apparitions, and to-night he did not feel like laughing it them Still, he held old Michael's will .to the 'asdl. flame once: more, and once more he stopped. ' Thelines of some'doggerel which ,.-au had taught him as a boy came back to his mind with great vividness. He had believed in them in the old days. but of late years he had discarded all such things as foolishness. After all, Leah was an old woman, who as a obild had been- nurtured on stories of ghosts and.goblins, and he had ceased to pay heed to what she said Still he could not help repeating the doggerel to:himself : " Strike a dead man's face, By a-dead man you'll be haunted; Steal a dead man's ring,. And by.deadmenyou'llbe daunted; ' C Cross a dead man's will, .You can scarce'do worse; Burn a.dead.man's writing,. And you'll get that dead man's curse." He threw the will on the floor as though' it were a serpent, and then, as if angry with himself, picked it up again. " Oh. I am:a weak, poor fool l" he cried; "and after nineteen years, too. For 'tis nineteen years since'I stole this will from Judith, and I've .never had a happy day since. Again . and again I've tried to doetroy it, and I've always failed. But I wil ldo it. It's the only link of the past Its the .only -possible way by which the truth can be known." With a trembling hand he lifted the parchment to the candle-flame again, but he could not keep it there. .The lines old Lsah had taught him were ringing in his ears, and every word seemed to make him feel old Michael's presence: " Cross a dead man's will, Yeou can scarce do worse Burn a dead man's writing, . And you'll get that dead man's'curse. He knew it meaut nothing. He knew there were scores of similar.verses repeated up and down the country, and that they were as meaningless as empty. air. Never theless, he could not carry his purpose into effect. He placed the will back in the he.placed back in the safe, which he care fully locked. "At any rate, it will.be all right there until I canthink of a better hiding-place," he muttered; then, with a heavy sigh, he went to his bedroom, stopping two or three times onhis way, and looking round with fearful glances. The next morning he was .up in good time, andshortly after breakfast he ordered his horse to be saddled, which he im. mediately mounted and .rode towards Carloegas. "Well, John," he said, as he saw his brother-in-law come out of his new barn. "Carloggas looks different from what it did in the old days." "It had need, too, Reuben," replied Bassett. "Your corn looks well. You make it do, don't you ?" "Since you let me have those four good dairy fields, I can make it do, and pay my rent. You know that."' "But I let you have it cheap, and this new barn means ayear's rent knocked off." "Oh, I don't .complain. You are very kind to me." "I remember Amelia," he said, with a sigh. "' There is •talk of your marryi' again," said Basett, unesily. "Mises Tredinnik, of Endellion." "Then the talk is lies," said Reuben. "I shall never marry again." He looked gloomy as he made this reply. Then, as if anxious to change the subject, he said: " You'll be wanting more hands now the harvest is ooming on,.wos't y?ou " "That I sal,", replied the fsmer; " especially since that great black-eyed chap you sent over here last November is gone." "Is he gone P" asked Reuben eagerly. W" here P " "Gone to Tintagel." "Why did you send him away ? Didn't he. behave himself? :What did he Vdo wrong, eh P " " I didn't send 'un away; he went of his own free will. I'd-no fault to find wi' un. He served me well-did a man's work for a boy's .wage. I offered 'un more t.stay,. but he wouldn't." Reouben was disappointed. He hoped that he had done something wrong, and had been discharged. 'Twould have been an easy matter then to have got him out of the neighbourhood. "Where is he gone P " he said at length; "that is, to whose place P" \- "To Tommy.Trethewy's. He's going to learnucarpenterin' and buildin'." Reuben stayed at Carloggas a very little while longer after this, but galloped his horse up the lane which led to the sea. In a few minutes he reached the summit of the hill, and was soon in sight of the great Atlantic. He dismounted and sat down on- the grass, while a .discontented look rested on his face. "I can do nothing through John," he said to -himself, "unothing at all. Can anything be done with Tommy Trathewy I He depends on me for a good deal of work, and would not: like to o?fend me. But what can I say if I go to him, and why should I say anything f" He looked out on the wide sea, and its immensity -gave him a sense of-'freedom and strength ; he turned.and looked on the broad acres around him, most of which were sup posed to be his,- and these gave him a sense of security and comfort. "Alter all," he said, "I know. nothing against the fellow. A strange; hulking youth, no doubt, but that is all. It's my own con science that has made me feel so bitter to wards him; he always reminds me of-but never mind. ;:Why should I go-and seek to ruin his proipects when the gain is so doabt ful t ? Of course, if. I.thought that any good would come of driving him from the country I would do-it; no-matter- what- the conse quences were, but I don't see the good of it." For,a long time he calculated and con 'idered tli?eprobable.issues, andfinally con clade, to let him stay. If Ishmael were his enemy, as hb hadu-.vague idea.that he was, itcmi.ht not,bethe.wisest.thing.to.drive him outof sight.- indeed. -t mightbe. better if he kept bim.wlthineight.. If hewers only a curly,-dark-minded youth-welli then;,he Reuben Penwithen--had nothiiig to bother about. Still, he would watch, and that closely, -so -closely- that -nothing,--however sma'l. should escape his notice. Sa far his.mind was settled; but he was not quite free from the influences of the night before. That will still troubled him, as it had.done ever since old Margery had died Presently he.. gave a start and looked. up. It was only 'Nick Liddicoat, ones of hi: brother-in-law's- servauts ; and before Nick came no Reuben.ha3d.conceived a plan. "Nick," he said," iake,my horse back to Carloggas stables. 'I'll call for him in abost an-hour." "Iss, sur," replied-Nick, who led the ani mal away until he had-got out. of Rnubon's sight, then he jumped onihis.back, " j'st to zee ef he caud.en ride a gentleman's hose." \- As for Reubenhe hurried -down the cliffs, and presently came to the sandy beaoh. -He hurried along.a little Lway until he came to the cave into which he' had gone nineteen years before. He had the will with himthen, and he was.woid~eiog what .he should do with it,, To;day heawas~atill .undecided. He, enterodethe -cave. Its .mouth. stood, behind great rocks, and was-;thus-:hidded from view. He had diseoveredtdt'when a' boy. He believed then, as he believed now. that no one knew of it but himself! The floor was covsredwlth hard dry sand) The seownever entered except--at .-high tides, while he water:nevereached the extreme -nd of it. HEd lit a:match and looked around.' He examined the roof and sides. feeling along carefully'writh-,his, handd. -Presently hie hand wenat intoa hole in the side of the cave. How the hole - had. been. made; he did not know;,bnthe knew.that sach.holes in caves were common. Yes, ho could just touch the end. How quiet it was in there I Outside the waves surge I and meaned,.but there all was different. Tho.nearest house was half smile away, and the cave was unknown. He sat down on a stone and remained there thinking f,r an. hoe or more. H-is mind seemed made up, and'he came outside -and looked around. No one was near, no one saw. Then he went back to Carloggas with a look of confidence on his face. Thatdaylshmaelstarted to workat Tommy Trethewy's, and he, in spite of his interest in his work, made many plans about the future, not.-knowing. what Reuben Penwithen had determined upon. (To be continued.). 