FICTION. RETURNED WITH THANKS. 0OOD evening, Doctor,9 said the convict. * .Not a very nice place to meet in.' It waB not the way in'which convicts generally ad dressed the prison surgeon when he en tered their cells, in answer to their re quisition for medical attendance. But the case was an unusual one ; for Surgeon Dasing had been a border in the house of this very Grant, until au unexpected in vestigation at the bank where Grant was employed landed him in the town gaol with a ten years9 sentence to get through. The doctor did not seem inclined to ignore the difference that had arisen in their respective positions. ' You sent for me,9 he said, coldly ; * are you ill V * No, not bodily ; only ill in my mind. I am miserable. Good Heaven, Dasing! think of it! Ten years in this living tomb. It is terrible! I cannot bear it—I can9t, Dasing! I've had a week of it, and I think I shall go mad. By Heaven, I would kill myself if it were not for Ellen.' The doctor9s face flushed a little as the sen tence ended. * Your living will not be so very great a boon to your wife,9 he said, grimly. ' No, no. It is little enough comfort I shall be to her. But I think she'd rather be know ing that I am alive, and looking forward to coming oat ' 'In ten years' time.9 * Yes ; it sounds ceuturieB, doesn't it 2 But they tell me I can get out in seven if I behave myself. And after three months I shall be able to see her.9 * Once a month, if you are lucky,' said Dasing, in his grim way. 'That will be very consol ing for her.' * It does not sound cheering, does it ?* said the convict, with a miserable, hys terical attempt to laugh. ' But I thiuk it will keep the poor girl up. It will be better for her than to know I am dead and have nothing to hope for. Yon think so, don't you 29 He looked earnestly into the doctor's hard face, as though the question was a very. serious one to him. 'I have lain awake every night,' he went on, 'thinking it out; and I'd kill myself at once if I thought it would make Ellen happier.' The prison doctor's face flushed again -as it had done at the first mention of Mrs. Grant's name. He paced once or twice up and down the little. cell. Then he turned suddenly and faced the convict, who was half sitting on his spotlesB deal table. ' Do you want my opinion ? asked Surgeon Dasing, abruptly. ~ ' I'd give a lot for it, said Gordon Grant, miserably. •You know all the circumstances, and you've known my wife longer even than I have. Looking at the case from her ipoint of view entirely, do you think I -should be justified in slipping out of this unbearable existence with the help of my stocking or a smuggled dose of arsenic 2' * Why not?' The doctor's quick question was spoken earnestly that the convict started, feeling almost as though the man wished him to ■die; He answered with one word, ' Ellen !' Dr. Dasing laughed—a hard laugh, which suited his face. * My dear fellow,9 he said, in cold, reasoning way, ' you speak as though you were a desirable husband. You may think me unkind, but I must put the case clearly before you. Suppose you work out of your ten, ©r, say, seven years' sentence. Yoor wife will spend those seven best years of her life in lone liness, and unsettled, unsatisfied, looking forward for what 2 For a life spent with a man whose career is blasted, who is ab solutely doomed to poverty and degrada tion. Is that a pleasant outlook for a ^oung and beautiful woman like Ellen— your wife ? You bury your face in your -hands. It is a dispiriting outlook for you both, no doubt; but it is the only inevit able one, and you talk as though yon were doing a woman some favour by mak ing it her outlook. How can you talk as though it would be better for Ellen if you •lived ? Why, man, if yon died, it would •be a hundred times better for her.' The man raised his white, drawn face from his hands, aud looked up, clasping and ■unclasping them nervously. * I wish I -could think bo, Dasing,' he said. 'But -she loves me so, it would break her heart!' i He did not notice the ghost of a smile i which flitted across his companion's face. J '.Women's hearts don't break so easily,9 said the doctor. ' Your wife is young. She would get over it; she would marry | again, no doubt. You seem to forget that she has been idolising you as a perfectly .good man, and suddenly finds you a forger and au embezzler. You talk as though that were nothing.9 'I don't think it would be anything to Ellen,' said the convict, while a smile lighted up his white face and made it look a face out of all keeping with its surround ings, with the cloBe-croppe'd fieaa. the horrible prison uniform. ' I think Ellen •understands how it was,' he went on, in a -voice that began to quiver with self-pity. « Why, I did not know I was a criminal myBelf! It began in such a little way, .and I intended to give it all back ; and 'then I suppose I got into a habit of it, and got to think it part of my salary—payment for extra hard work in making the books come right. And it was all for her, be cause I could not deny her a thing. Poor girl ? she will have a harder time of it now.9 4 Yes, if you keep her bound,9 said the surgeon. 1 And if not ? The doctor's earnestness made Gordon •Grant look up again as he asked the question. Dasing turned away his face, .however, and walked to the other end of the cell once more, as he answered. * If not she would marry again.9 The convict laughed his half-hysterical, laugh. ' No, by Heaven ! other women might, but not Ellen ! If I died, and she had lived a hundred years after, my wife woold come to me at last in heaven—or hell, mine only—she would never marry again.' * You: are mistaken,' said Dasing, ab ruptly. « I'd bet my life on it,' said th< convict, in a voice as confident as the pri * con doctor's. 'Taken!9 The doctor held out his hand and took that of a felon. His calm had broken through at last, and his eyes were gleam* ing with excitement. * Your life, mind !' he said. Grant laughed again. 4 An in teresting bet! How are we going to prove it ?' 4 Perhaps you can take my word. You have never known me to tell a lie.' * No,' responded the convict, slowly, wondering. 4 Then your bet is loBt, for last night Ellen told me that she would marry me if you were not alive.' He flung the words at the man before him as though they were visible signs of his triumph. And almost as though the words indeed were blows to the convict he started back. Then, for a moment, he crouched with his hands, like claws, as if he would spring on his assailant and choke the words back into his throat. The sur geon saw the action and stood on the de fensive. 4 Don't be a fool Grant! You can't blame a woman being eager to get rid of a man who has acted as you have done.' His words seemed to act magically. The crouching man shook himself into a na tural position and laughed. 4 Of course not,' he said. 4 Tell me all about it. You began to make love—to her—di rectly I was locked up ? 4 No, it is all a lie, of course. I did not expect a. joke from you, in such bad taste, though, | doctor. Oome, -let us -be sensible, -and tell me something about Ellen. How does she stand it. The. doctor took a step towards the locked door, and made as though he would rap with his stick as a sign to the warder without, who had locked him in with prisoner. 4 All right; if you don't take the word of an honest man, I'll go,' h« said. 4 I've stayed too long already, and shan't be able to do it again.' The convict seized his arm. 4 Don't go,' he said, hoarsely. 4 Tell me again. You were joking, weren't you ?' 4 On my honour, no !' 4 Ah, yes ; your honor 1 Tell me again, man. Be fore God, did Ellen— my wife—promise you that ?' 4 Before God ! She put it in writing, too! Here is the letter. You can see it for yourself.' He took it out of ' his breast-pocket and banded it to the convict. 4 You can sees if you hold it up to the grating,' he said ; and theu there was a perfect silence in the cell, while the im prisoned man read the sheet with diffi culty, in the fading light of the cell, and the surgeon 6tood watching him. Then Grant turned round with his hysterical laugh. 4 This is a funny thing for you to show me, Dasing.' Dasing nodded. 4 Yes —under other circumstances it would be, perhaps; but I could not hear you talk j about Ellen as though you were doing her j a favour by preserving your miserable existence.' * Of course not. You'll let me keep this little memento of her, won't you, old man ? And I suppose you'll help me to put myself out of the way ? It seems she has scruples, poor girl, about haviug any thing to do with you while I am above . ground. Arsenic would be the simplest, wouldn't it ?' He spoke quite gaily, and the emotionless doctor was puzzled a little. However, he was very practical, was Sur geon Dasiug, so he answered, seriously 4 Goodness !—no, man ! I don't want to get in here as a prisoner.' And you must give me the letter; I could not have it found on you.' 4Then what can I do?' said the con vict, with quite a humorous gesture of puzzlement. 4 They make it so jolly hard for you here.' 41 can't help you,' said the Doctor. 4 It would ruin me. A man once stole my pocket-knife—it has a large blade—out of my pocket, and tried to cut his throat with it when I was gone. Good-bye, Grant; I shall have to go now. The right-hand vest pocket. They keep such a look out on you here. Good-bye ! Sorry I can't help you.' He rapped on the great door as he spoke, and almost immediately the key was heard turning in the lock. 41 shall come early in the morning,' the Doctor was saying, as the door opened. I 4 You'll not have so much pain then.' ; That evening the Governor of the gaol asked Dasing for the loan of his pocket knife, aB the two men sat smoking, but the Doctor found that it was not in his pocket. 41 must have lost it somewhere,' he said. 41 hope none of my friends in the cells have appropriated it.' The Governor of the gaol had invited Dasing to supper, aod the two bachelors sat up late, playing bezique and drinking weak whiskey and water. 41 should like to give Gordon Grant another look,' said the Doctor as he was leaving. 4 His heart seemed queer this afternoon, and I gave him^some snufl; for it. Seems to me he is rather a queer case.' 4 Then attend to him, by all means,' said the Governor, in a business-like way. _LThm^-go^^K-in if>r Agf fa Iron hrr tha public in those sort of prisoners that we should get into an awful row if anything happened. You don't think it is serious 7 41 can't tell,' said Dasing. 4 When a man gets anything wrong with his heart there isn't a doctor in the world who can pro phesy safely what he'll do. 1 expect he is all right, but I'd better give him a look.' 4 Perhaps ; it wasn't necessary to put him in the sick ward, I suppose 1 Shall I come with you V 4 No, don't trouble. Brooks will let me in.' It was a foolish thing he was doing, and Dasing knew it. If a discovery was to be made, in the convicted bank clerk's cell he ought to have taken the greatest care that it should not be made by himself in ar unusual manner. But he was unable c° restrain his impatience. To know c^at the one bar to bis happiness "aB *"e" moved—tbat the man who stoor' between him and the woman he loved 'as no more —what a knowledge that would be to sleep on 1 He had loved Ellen "iran^ t°r yeara» it seemed to him; alfcb never recog nised the fact un" her mawfcg© to Gor don Grant pl-d(J her out of his reach. Since then b " eagerly he had striven for her; and- k®'* 8^e W8B almost his. Only the thought that this man—her hus band—lived, to come back some day, from his living tomb, to denounce and upbraid her, held her back from being his entirely. And by now, if that man had had any courage or determination, he no longer existed to bar the path to happiness and Ellen. The spirit Dasing had drunk made him sanguine and certain. He hummed snatches of a love-song to himself as he walked along the dimly-lighted corridors of the prison, with the keys, which the night warder had given him, in his hand. He stopped singing as he reached the door of Grant's cell, for in another moment he would know if the best had happened. He sat down the warder's lantern on the stone dags of the passage while he inserted the great key in the lock, and turned it with some difficulty. As the door swang a little way open, a voice hoarse and terrible with eagerness— came from the darkness of the cell, and made him start. The convict must have been—waiting—while he opened the door —to speak, for his face was close to him. ' Dasing is that you ?' he whispered, ex citedly, while he held the door, from opening further. 'Yes.' .'Then for Heaven's sake go back! I have not finished. Don't—don't move the light; I should lose courage if I see the biood all ofer tnc—¥oar- oa»od4iailo-w blunt—yoa might have had pity on me and sharpened it, man.' He spoke the sentences in quick gasps, with breaths between, as if a great terror were upon him ; and all the while he held the door, that the light of the lantern on the floor might not come near him or shine flicker ing into his cell. The doctor hesitated a few moments. Then he closed the door gently, and tried to turn the key again so that it would make no sound. Then he laughed a little at hi6 own air of caution, since it was quite unnecessary, and went back to the night warder with lantern and keys. ' The poor fellow's asleep,' he said, * so I did not wake him. I shall be round pretty early in the morning.' * A coward,' he muttered to himself. * I should not have thoght it of Gordon Grant. Why, I'd have cut his worthless throat. However, I think he'll get through before morning, or bleed to death before anyone finds him, poor devil.' But the convict's cowardice had dis heartened him, and he tossed about all night, wondering what his morning's visit would show. When in the morning, therefore, the chief warder met him at the gaol door, with serious news written on his face, Dr. Dasing's heart gave a great throb of relief. * Are you goiug straight to No. 74, sir?' asked the warder. That was the cipher into which Gordon Grant's iden tity bad sunk itself. ' Yes.' The doctor tried to answer naturally, though his ears were hungry for the next sentence. 'You'll find a surprise for you there, sir,' said the man as he began to accom pany him in the direction of the cell, and Dasing gave a sigh of relief. It was all well then ! ' Is he worse V he made him self ask. They had reached the cell door as he spoke, and for answer the man threw it wide open. The cell was empty. Dr. Dosing could not understand it for a moment. * Where have you taken him ?' he asked, while his eyes travelled vainly round the little room for some trace of the tragedy he had expected. 'Where has-he taken himself, you mean, sir? That is the question we are all asking. You see, he picked the ventilator clean out, and had escaped up the shaft. Goodness knows how he has done'it"—and so quick, | too! Why, you saw him, Brooks tells me, close on midnight,' and he was gone at five !' ' Yes,' assented the prison sur geoD, feeling rather uncomfortable. ' He must have had a knife, or some thing,' the same ran on. * The Governor j says you missed your's yesterday, and I thinks No. 74 may have ' sneaked' it out of your pocket,' 'That is possible,' said Dasing. ' I have not found it yet," and he little thought where he would do so. Under his breath he added, as he looked at the picked out ventilator : ' No wonder he did not want a light last night—curse him?' Surgeon DaBing was certainly dis appointed, but things might have been worse, he Baid to himself. Nobody seemed for a moment to suspect him of having anything to do with the convict's escape, aud the fight was very fortunate. Of coarse, Grant's death would have been the most satisfactory eud to the night's work ; but, putting that aside, an escape was certainly better than that he should quietly serve out his term of im prisonment. In the latter case there would be his return to look forward as a certainty in ten years or less—a considera tion which rendered his wife perfectly m-afro Ttnt. if he once got safely away, the Chhviet dare never return ; totYeiufU would mean arrest to the day of his death. Then there was the chance that he would be killed—he gave one the idea of being a determined man—in resisting re-arrest. Altogether the turn of affairs was un pleasing to the infatuated doctor, and he took his way from the prison to the house where Mrs. Grant lodged, feeling that thechances of overcoming herscruples were very hopeful- He did not wish poor Grant to die, he said to himself. He on|y printed Ellen for his own. How bew^hing she was ! — How he adored ^ woman ! Dasing's cheeks reddened >,nd his breath came quicker as he thought of her. ' Why, in a little while, if he ib not found, I shall be able to persuade her that her husband is dead,' he said to him self, ' and then she will marry me.' For Surgeon Dasing was an honest man, and quite serious in his love making. He quickened his step as he came in sight of the house and looked up at the win dow of her sittingroom,- wondering if she would be looking out at the street. The window was vacant, however, aud he turned up the steps which led to the front door, and raised his hand to the knocker* But before he had time to touch it, the door itself opened suddenly, and out came a servant girl, throwing herself into his arms in her evident hurry. * Oh, thank heaven 3 — the doctor !' cried she, hysterically, when she saw who it was with whom she had collided, and she seized his arm to draw him into the house. * Oh, come in, sir 3—quick, sir 3 Mrs. Grant is lying up stairs 1 He waited for no more, but dung the girl from him, and rushed to the woman's bedroom, six steps at a time. He might have acted more leisurely, for the woman was quite dead. She lay half-dressed on the bed, with the knife that had killed her still in her throat. And the man who loved her, inhis way, stood over her, staring as if he were staring to the heart itself, and he never moved a muscle. The frightened servant had crept into the room behind him. 'The mistress just found her, sir,' she said; ' the mo ment before you came. She has gone out at the back for the police.' And then in an awed whisper she added. * Is she dead ?' But Dasing never answered. He seemed unconscious of her presence. She went on talking, however, in her awed, whispering tone: ' See, sir, missis said it was your knife. Tou showed it her on Sunday, sliesaid. Is it, sir ? And see, it has something written on it.' \- «JwJ, "-din /.f nanar Had neatly as a label on the handle of the fatal knife, and the doctor moved at last and turned it over, like a man acting me chanically, to read the three words writ ten upon it, in a clear, clerkly hand : ' Returned with thanks.' 