WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW t Mrs. H. H. JlíNNiNeis lives at No. 211, Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891 the two women looked all the doors and went to the theatre, is giving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past 11 they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they want into the parlour the merry, humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eye- holes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely looked, What was it the women saw? "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of tlieBO nights about 2 o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster, I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I diet, and are in perfect health now'. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and its more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March 1890 it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darraoott-road, Pokcslown, Hants, wrote us as follows :-" I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in une, 1889\. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dread- fully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. I had given up till hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking, She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs, Now I am as well, as ever, I Ran eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me," The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause of grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned till nerves. Whatever maybe your opinion of the' Bridgeport ghost, it remains'true'that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia, ' Ghosts come from the inside of the person who tree them; and when Mother Seigel's Syrup,doe»its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. ' ' ' i , 55 i ??? ? ?; i- iTf/ /Ii/¿[ If you are, suffering with languor,, debility,) pimples,boll«,catarrh, cii^plc'aora;isejrofula, 'or any disease arising from impure blood, tales, ¡¡Ayer's'ißarsaparillW the safest, Ktá tifF 1 economical of all Wood- purlflw,'J > - -> s s - > 