€umni §Me$. Tbe Legislative Assembly of Kew South Wales has, by its longwindednesa, landed itself in a rather ajnatiiog difficulty. Its rules are framed oq those of the House of Commons, which august body never refuses to read a BEQ a second time, but if it is opposed to a measure, passes a motion (hat it be read a second time that day ox months. Generally long before that date has arrived Parliament has been prorogued, and the BQl then falls on the fange pfle of Parliamentary wreckage. It is essential to this Method of procedure that the House get through its work with business-like promptitude, other wise it will have all its slaughtered BtlU coming to life again. This is what has hap pened in the Hew South Wales Assembly, dose on six months ago the House was asked to read a second time a Bill to which it was decidedly opposed, and it passed the customary motion th\t the Bill be read a second time that day six months. But the House failed to get through its work, consequently it is still sitting, and the Bill has reappeared on the notice paper to be read a second time in a day or two, according to the order of the Hon^wv The member who had moved the happy despatch was as amazed as if he bad seen a ghost when he found the enemy be had stain once more in full life and vigour on the notice paper, and be promptly questioned the Speaker as to this appalling resurrection. Sir J. P. Abbott as sured him it was all right, the House had ordered that the BUI was 1© fee read a second time on a certain ^Mf**i that day was close at hand and the B01 properly took its place on the notice paper again. The incident is something of a satire on the New South Wales Boose—the time that is more than sufficient for the House of Commons to get through the domestic affairs of forty millions of people, and the business of an Empire in addition, is quite inadequate for the New South Wales Assembly, which has to do with the concerns of a solitary million of people only. The appointment to the Governorship of New South Wales is a return to the older practice of the Colonial Office in each matters. Comparatively speaking it is only the other day that the Colonial Office first selected its Governors from the House of Lords, choosing young and wealthy peers with an ambition to distinguish themselves in high political office. To s certain degree the experiment was suc cessful. There is no denying that a peer of the realm was welcomed as such. A not unworthy pride was felt that men of the highest social position, in whom the appoint ment as an office of profit meant nothing, were eager to be nominated to the Governorship of one of these colonies; if it showed nothing more, it was a proof that the idea of exile was do longer associated in the British mind with emigration for either a longer or shorter time to Australia, lint tbe new Governor*, anlike the oid, were re! octant to serve the full term of their appointment. Lord Carrington, who so far has been the conspicuous success, did serve his full appointment; but his successor b« hardly served more than half the time, Lord Ondow was a long way short of five years in New Zealand, and Lord Hopetoun is credited with the intention to leave Victoria in the coarse of the present year. There can be no doubt that a feeling of soreness would quickly grow up if it were seen that the Governors appointed did not care to serve more than a couple of years. A change of Governor puts a colony ix- 'considerable incon venience. In most of tbe colonies the Chief Justice is by right of his office the Ad ministrator of the colony dnring the absence of the Governor, and it has become almost a law that the retiring Governor should leave the colony before his successor arrives. This then meant that for a longer or shorter Lime the Chief Justice is taken away from his more immediate duties, to the possible incon venience and loss of suitors. Governors who have been chosen from the diplomatic, naval, or military services bare usually completed their term of service, a matter, as we have just shown, of no small importance, and as Governors they have left very fine records behind them. Lord Carrington's success was due in no small degree to the training be had received as a member of the Imperial Govern ment; even although it was io a minor office Sir William Du£ the new Governor of New South Wales, will come to the duties of his new office strengthened by the knowledge of affairs he muitt have gained as a member of the House of Commons. It will be no slight satisfaction to those charged with the ad ministration of affairs in TSew South Wales, that Sir William Doff intend* to sail in the course of the next few weeks for Sydney. Persona who are proud of their country and their countrymen— for, notwithstanding the cosmopolitan proclivities of the age, there are still a few individuals of the kind to be found— will rejoice greatly over a remark made by the G.O.M.- the Premier ot the Imperial Cabinet. Some tooting Yankee cent him a book— a common advertising trick— and he was caught surely enough. He sent a letter acknowledging receipt of the work— only the preface of which he appeared to have read — and in the coarse of it declared that he was a ** pure Scotchnv&n;,' and that the English race, although a great, fact in the world, and likely to continue so, is greatly in need of discipline in every form, especially that ** administered by criticism, vigorously directed to canvassing their character and claims.' No one ought to be better able than t»c right lion, geudeman to esti mate the benelits of vigorous criti cism. He has bad plenty of it j his time. Some of his critics, however, will be ready to aver he has profiled little I»y it, and will point to hie utterance* about being a ' pure Scotchman,' as proof of thie from both literary and scientific points of view, 'Scotchman' phOologicaUy looked at, is not pure : Scotsman and !*coit£shinan are clearly referable to the wandering Scot. Then* it would be interesting to know what Mr. Gladstone means by a pure Scotchman. The greatness of theScottish nation appears to have arisen from die mixture of races composing iL To the Bomamxed Celts inhabiting the country in the sixth century were added Anglo Rp.y*nm Danes, Flemings, Normans, Norwegians, and also a consulerable trans fusion of Celts from Ireland, the Western Islands, and Highlands of Scotland. The fusion of these elements in the hot struggle for existence in the limited area amid brown heath and shaggy wood — developed the familiar Scot. Though his characteristics are sufficiently marked, it is difficult to tell where the purity comes 'in. Perhaps a man born of Scottish parentage in Scotland, and brought np there, may be considered a pare Scot, bat we are not aware that Mr. Gladstone fulfils these conditions. There were Gl&d-; stanes in the south of Scotland centuries ago ; some of them did not behave very well, but were in the fashion of the times ; to a Tweed side family the Premier traces his descent. It may be pure enough ; but a man who has spent most of his life out of Scotland, who cannot call a Scotswoman bis wife, wbo is devoted to Greek and Latin studies and modern politics, need not boast of being a pure Scot, The Brisbane people may regard the silting up of their river as the crowning calamity of the flood, bat this is a misfortune over which there wOl not be many tears shed in other parts of the colony. Tbe impounding of the steamers in tbe upper reaches of the river would be a serious matter if there were any real danger that they could not be got out. But there really does not seem much risk of this. When the vessels have been lightened as far as possible they will roost probably float over the shallows at high-water with out difficulty. And after all the deep sea ships now np the river have been cot to the Bay, Brisbane will be in exactly the same position that Bockhampton is now — she will have to carry on her trade by tenders and lighters. It is not likely then that the people of Rockbampton, Maryborough, or Townsville will be plunged into very bitter grief over Brisbane having to endure for a short time what they have to suffer con tinually. And we may be sure it will be as short a time as possible. Eighteen mouths ago the two members for Brisbane, Sir Thomas M'Uflrraitli and SirS. W. Griffith, did not scruple to take the dredges out of the Fitzrby aud Mary rivers aud at the same time to keep those in the Brisbane steadily at work. Who thinks that they will now hesitate to set all the dredges now laid op in Brisbane at work to clear away this eat? The fate to which the people of Mary borough and Bockhampton were deliberately condemned by the members for Brisbane has, by a visitation of nature, overtaken Brisbane itself. But the calamity which could be borne with marvellous fortitude when only Maryborough and Bockhampton were believed. to be threatened by it, will, we may be sure, awaken in the same bteaste the most tender sympathv, and passionate eagerness to assist, now that it is Brisbane on whom die blow has fallen So intense will be the desire to give Brisbane help that no hesitation wOl be felt to call upon Maryborough and Bockhampton to render aid in this work. According to the Government scheme, when ever sufficient money had been received under the Harbour Dues Act, the Maryborough and Bockhampton dredges were to be set to work again. That time must now be dose at hand, what if these dredges are set to work on the Brisbane River? And how about the paying for this extra work on the Brisbane ? The harboar dues collected at Brisbane are not likely to be able to meet this extra work, will tbe faovernment then take it in band notwithstanding their own declared policy that each harboar must maintain itself in future? If bo, then although the Government have left the Fitzroy to silt up or remain open just as the currents willed it, we shall have the people of Central Queensland taxed to restore the Brisbane River. There Is one point that stands out very prominently in this silting np of the Brisbane — the folly ot attempting to establish a deepwater port many miles np a river subject to tropical floods. The Brisbane wharves arc not nearly so far from the sea as the Rockhampton wharves, and yet people have urged that every effort should be directed to bring the shipping of Rockhampton np to the town wharves instead of providing accomo dation for it in Port Alma, where it would be absolutely free from the danger of so great an interruption as has swept down on the costly dredged channels of the Brisbane Bivcr. There is not much heard of this reckless scheme now, but a number of those who once advocated it are prominent in supporting another that is only a degree less ioolish. Broadmount Harbour is much farther up the fitzroy than the Bar Cutting is up the Brisbane River, and this cutting, as will be Been from oar telegrams to-day, has been silted np nine feet. Vet some people would have Broadmoant chosen as the aeepwater port of Rockhamp ton ! It is well to learn from the enemy says the Latin proverb. It is a wise thing to learn from the experiences of others whether they be friends or enemies ; and it is to be hoped that those who have been mistaken enough to advocate tbe selection of this harbour of Broadmount for a deep water port for Rork hamptoD, will have wisdom enough to see, in the light of this experience at Brisbane, what a bnge error it would be to place Rock hampton's deepwater port anywhere within tbe channel of the Fitzroy, and courage enough to acknowledge it. Mr. W. H. Corfida, says the TcKmriUt Bulletin, has formally announced his intention of again presenting himself for re-electiou foe the Gregory. 