THE WIDE WORLD.! „ i The tallest building in Stockholm is the huge iron lattice-work tower of the cental telephone depot. Myriads of wires ran from it, darkening the air. Everyone in Sweden uses the telephone, and nses it, moreover, very much. In the boarding houses of the Swedish capital the most significant feature in the routine is its never-ending telephonic babble. TThen a correspondent of the1 Corn- lull," who was staying at one of these establishments, awoke in the morning it was to hear the jingle of the bells in tbe corridor ontaide his room and the iteration of the word "hvad" (what?) One morning he asked the landlord, who was at the machine, what it all meant. His wire, he replied, was buying some stores, and was telling him about them and their prices, and he, on his part, was shouting back to tell herin which particulars the prices seemed reasonable and in which unreasonable. Another day the writer's landlord went for a sledge drive into the two hours the telephone began to he annoying, and his wife stayed at it a long time crying " Oh ! " and "Ah!" and "yes" and "no." "It is monsieur," explained a young lady -who hap pened to be standing by. " He is resting for dinner at , and is TwaJ-mn about the incidents of his excursion and the details of the meal that is being prepared for Hot even a Westminster election, memor able as the elections for that city have been, is better remembered than that of ITS!, in which Fox, The Man of the People, was opposed by Sir Cecil Wray. " There were 20,000 votes, according to the authors of Queens of Society, to be polled, and the opposing parties resort d to any means of intimidation or violence or per- suasion which political enthusiasm could suggest. On the eighth day the poll was against the popular member, and he called upon bis friends to make a great effort on bis behalf. It was then that the 'ladies' canvass' began. Lady Danoannon, the Dachess of Devonshire, Mrs Crewe and bus earner aressea: tnemaaives in bine and bnfi — the colors of the American Indepen dents, which Fox Lad adopted and wore in the house of Commons— and set out to visit the purlieus of Westminster. Here in their enthusiasm they shook the dirty hands of honest workmen, expressed the greatest in terest in their wives and families, and even, as in the case of Duchess of De vonshire, submitted their fair cheeks to be kissed by the possessors of votes. At the batcher's shop ths owner, in his apron and sleeves, stoutly refused his vote except on one condition — ' Would her Graoe give him a fcissf' The request was granted, and the vote thus purchased went to swell the majority which finally secured the return of The Man of the People.' " The last number of the " Tladirostock," a newspaper published in Eastern Siberia, reveals a terrible state of affairs among the con-riots on the island of Saghalien. It would appear that the convicts there have been treated by some of the subordinate prison authorities so harshly that the Governor of the island has been obliged to interfere for their protection. A warder named Khanoff and some of bis assist- snts, who at oce time ware conviofs themselves and had been raised to the rank of gaolers, hare been removed from their posts. KnanofFs treatment of hia prisoners was so abominable that a number of them crippled themselves of set purpose, cutting off fingers and toes in order to be his terrible cruelties. Others fled to the im penetrable forests, where they suffered all the horrors of hunger. In a satchel belonging to a fugitive convict, who had been hunted down, was found some pieces of human flesh. Investigation revealed that this man had been one of a party of four, and that only one of them now remained. The others had been killed and devored by their comrades. Similar cases of cannibalism are, according to the Siberian journal, not nfrequent- A. writer in an English paper gives an amusing, but. I fear, unveraciotiB account of a performance of Hamlet, which took place in Melbourne as far back as 1S52. The : moody Dane, according to this piece of stage romance, was underetacded not of the pioneers of the early fifties. " The audience treated the whole scene with good- humored fun. One was so impressed by the king that he handed the stage monarch a bottle of brandy by the thong of a stock whip from the gallery. The third net was transformed into & most aolloquy between the gTave digger and the gold diggers from Eaglehawk, made up of natural enquiries about the depth of sinking and the return per tub, which so tickled Hamlet that he gave up tbe soliloquy and joined in the Joking. Ultimately, Hamlet, Ophelia and the Ghost, in undress, were obliged to appear -before the footlights to bear a pelting shower of nuggetB as a substitute for bouquets.' This is, undoubtedly, very amusing, but scarcely credible. I euspeot the explanation is that the perform- \x snce was so infernally bad that the people . vthzew pieces of quartz at the actors, who vflSeupon went a way- to -the -nearest . jrablic- Wse,nnd boasted that they hadhad nnggets \bwi to them. Those old diggers were not Upen to lavish a 44 pelting shower of \ ."taste upon mangiers of Shakespeare. \ flu Ahmet-el-AfiB&L; & nflprim lfl.fr>! v m. \tjd from the Mecca pilgrimage, has been ZAting the terrible experiences of his to the editor of a native paper called the " Mok&ttam.; Xsrrim, whose respectability is Toucher. ,r, _ _ J -p r Yr> ve are tola, an "who is greatly respected in the t4RafiJ? tBon tnrninc from Mecca . . .r'\or detachment of tbe caravan _ , ? Nlonged, and which was com- poeedofaboi c£melfli Jeft Bir_Said at daybreak anj „ tte wot oi & \ . . a. « , .tonntein, on the road \- ' AW minutes after arriv- ing ttere, the <maponi of themselves snr- desert, who at- tacked them wtto ttu -lug and maiming the of The hot, dry aand was wet iblooi o the women, after beif tbed of clothes and valuables, Mt to tte!r fate; the younger and £ Z1 ff M Witut ta"raba t these facts eseapea with his life. Ib poor pil- «nms so cruelly outraged W actually jma sax piastres each and tXfcy piastres each for than: camels to the Wrnor of Medina, to secure his pretecthmanst the Bedouins. The eonclnrion dram j. ft,. Egyptian paper is that the Ottomai Govern ment is not really master of AxuKabnt ft«t cleaves the Sheika absolatety free to ggj plunder, provided they profess a aHqgieaoe. \ ' \ 