FEDERATION, A vt:r.v ni1inirnl.il'' attempt is lieinir made by patrio'i'' persons in the difl'erent eolonies to bring about Australian Federation. Fortunately the question ot Federal urn i - o-m which there is b little diversity of opinion. M"st persons are agreed 11 ,-C. Federation "I f li" colonies would emin-ntly de-ir.ible. tli-' difficulties m tlm way being MiVi must iiDvitah'y arise from the parnchi li spirit of in'O-eolo lial jeiloinv •mil inte colonial liii- ifi'-. That Federation - co'jsinmnais'i'.'ii I' ll' is :Mlmii-t« tioa devoutly to be ': the real problem is ho v iv may li' most quietly and effectually broi gbt about. One good preliminary method tii3-t". ad 'j'ii'il by tin' tin? Town IIill on M auspicesn? t !in Imp' ol' pn sioir 'he ,V! >.V is gentlemen wri" met i"J •n lay evening under the. ! Federation L'ague. As a pr.diuiin jnn.'i-i'i.il Fede-ntion. Colonial J-'i'i) T.-n i-iii •arjVd ii» «n important- etv.[>. Tin can in- no d"uh" on tit is point. and «e m very well allow Jmoorial Fedention lo remainin nbevar.oe until we have m id'iVo iial Federation nn nc<^>!Jip)!ji'J<'il I'll' 1 !-. Such meetings 'is that held in the Town Hull will 'lo much to eiueat" and s'.im'.ilnte 111" puliiic mini towirds tin) aehiaveiu ;nt of tli" desire 1 end. l>nt cure must taken U"t to nll 'W tin 5 }>t'0 rooilill•. lo degenerate iiitu anvtliing savouring of burlesque. The pro wding.-i on Monday wi re going on in plenum' ;n3 hi^.iiy decorous manner un'il Mr. \V. I>. Flynn lull it ii"eo.-sary to move an amendment to tin:' elTeet that Federation "f the colonies wa- desirable, Inn not "under tin; Crown." The ubiquitous anil irrepressible Ur. William M.iloney seconded the amendment nmidsi uproar and confusion I hat produced farcical incidents. Mr. Justice Unlroyd. tin 1 chairman of the meeting, r.-w to as); n frtir hi-nvini; for tli» speaker, nud t oxi-.italil" litlli' do::t.ii'. by way of yielding ptoc* to tlm ciiairin-in. sat. down in tiw jii<lj;«"s soal. lCxi- itwJ im|M'ri:iH.sts, lwi»oldii)}t the i.'iiair desi'- fi-iti'd by i'o:itn.:t with tin* smic of 1 lit) doctor's ('olonial-twi'i'd pant... riisln'd tin: doctor and in 'imtinontly imu troin tli-,' .in.-tioo'^ S'*nt Si? fur ns (lie inivt in (j oo'iicrnod uji to t.his poin tho btirk'.s'jno oliviifnt did no li.ii'm, for it roaoted omI.v noon the o!>p 'm'.nts of t:ic in 'iitii)^. Jly- srs Fly'iiu'aii.'i Maloin-y are no; talion serinn-ly liy tin.' public at il'ld their appearupou ti pi ilfopn. oith'-i ('I- or ag;.im=ta c.'iiis", aff J i;ts tha Diusv but litli". ]r anythiai tln'ir oiinrisitioii may lio ro^a'ii'"! r itli'O' ln*ni)fi.:iiil to a liiovomenl, n.* tlie ,ivora'_'C i?iti/.-*u ii np*. to r.'^'.trd M Kiynu's or l)r. M ijoiii'y'.s aujendint'iits a^ prima J,irn I'vidoni'D that 1Iih orisfitinl motion is a i-oin'iion-S'MH'' and prafii''abk' oii J . It. is tlifi disailvaiitair" of tliusi- <r'-ntI<-iii-n that they are in advance of tin? tiiii'.'i )t is tli"ir misfo-tunp, no their fault. Tli'-'y have a tendency to hurl^sqiie everythine; tiiev lake in lumi. and we fear that they will retain tliat tendi'iicy until sume new inventor di'vi>e- a iiietiioiiof taliin^ " cranks''to jiiec'K wi'.ii a seri'rt'-driver and putting tlioni tn-'ctlier dill'*ienti v. Their tvui'l.'S.ji.ie "p:)»sition uould have but added weight by cmnrast to the object of t.he meetinij; but i<ir tiio I'li >lic enthusiasm and iooii.-Oj Vrie'.id-iiij) "f some supp.irtei's of tin; L it j . TheAJ ilon v-J'jiii!) u2>isoiJe was jiassin oil' as liarmlessly as lnieht. liave been expected when, according to the Pres.- reports, tin) attentio of the audience was dicerted by the appearance of the Union .lack, wbi. li was carried up 1 lit ha and displayed up.oi the plutfonii. " This patrioii unddraiiMlic toucii,'' writes one paper, " created an outi'iuist of enthusia- in." If burlesque is to lie met with buries jue. and (i/'fcnix rivntfb forme illu J tratini; the triiunph of " the ilair that braved a thousand years.'' over Flynn aud Malonev, vile a.tritatiou for federation is, likely to be productive of more amusement than ^substantial . Two '^iMve ;judevs. two learned professors, tiiroe. legislators and the Mayor of Melbourne were on the. platform and ii"C«ssanly formed jiart of the yroupin^ of this " patriotic and dramatic touch '." AV« e.uinot cxpact to put down the Flynn aud Maloiie.v diseane of erupting on every public occasioa, but we do ask those, staid gentlemen who iiavo the causo of Federation s-)iiouslv at heart to lis™ their influence to restrain the effervescent spirits of their jiatriotic aid dramatic followers. The Union Ja.ik incidaut of Momiay c.v»>mnvt can have but one. effect, and that is to raise .Messrs. Fiylin and Maloney's amendment into ijuite undeserved importance. It completed the biirles.jii,; which the two "cranks'' lie^au If Federation is to be a«nmplisiied tiie educaiional and stimulating meet\ii'T S in its favour will reimire mure patriotic and lass dramatic touclie.s. Till; Psychical I.' -search Society, about to be former) in Melbo.irne, lias got to be taken seriously it skeins. It really means business. Ghost hunting is not to he a pistime, but an eirnest. stulv. The leader in Saturday's Ayr. is remarkable in it* way, and shows ]>vefty clearly tint there isa "as" forenijuiiy. Anyone who lias hid anything (.,,!•' with the Fsvcliiuil lle.searcVi So 'ie.ty in England, as the writei has, will know that the diHicull i-s ot invi'Migiitiin arc many aud great. 1'eop'e are imt oiilycielulo is aud gullible, fiiticyi.-jg more than I he evidence warrants them in bdieving, tint veiy !i"i(uetitly they are downright liars and jib lii.e fury. Tin; Psychical Keieareii Society has l. r .iiglir to light. an\ amount of purely purposeless anil motiveless, but most ivuuitigaled. lying. l J e.,pe will siy they have hear J Il'ld seun things, aud t'r.eir testimony is, on emminntion. sl.oivn to be n'tecly worthli'-:s, and yet t h j ir Ji",= iiave been t..-ild "purely without exp 'ctalion of reward or notoriety, 'j'iiuy appear to lie f,,r the sinijile sake of lying. Hut. there is every advantage in enquiry ill a scieiitilvj spirit. And who knows—perhaps the society may, ere long, be able to tell us what became of the Parliamentary mace. D i a spook fly olf with that ? FoilWHYS ihat are dark and tricks that are vain" sometimes the Heathen Chin^. may ^r. points from the meek and lowly churchman, as i shown by the manner in which ihe " business •ueu" of a certain prominent church m a swa^^ southern suburb propose to ut. Ket even with tneir beloved iiisliop, F. F. iMelliournc. 'J lie congn-g* 1i.m of the siid ciiurch.it will lie reiiiDUitietv.d. be crav.-d fcoiror.-l)ip nndrtV a divine who was to be imported from another colony, but the hisbop had other views, and he nominated an tilderly, r-local cleric. The appnntmeM n good one, the Bock having stated its willingness to pay jesiio a year for a desirable sheuhcrd, with att extra for the curate. Hut there are disii'-'reementB even over sacerdotal matter.--, and the congregation rofused to accept the bishop's selection, aud a lively little quarrel ensued. Tins appear.'d to Ivavc ou-nt out. an i til') public ima-i- innd that the flo:k livd res lived to accept Its new^eheplierd with the best irrnce possible; but ay it was not-so. The resources of the unit-oil touts were not exhausted : their latest move is deep an decisive, and takes the form oi mi intimation to the Bishop's prnteg- tint, in view of the depres sion, tile tightness of tlm money market, etc., me the cliurr.lt could only afford it.s new minister be £VM a year for himwlt and the curate, instead o till) i::i i l expected. As the elderly shepherd was lining -£*50 h y«ar in his tommr church, be is not diisp.-ratoly jubihiut over the '-.all. and ii bej?iniHiiH r to believe that the members of bis new congregation are not all s lints. a It is not easy to understand how Deakin could argue thai the primage duty on books and periodicals is ;i tax upon knowledge. One per cent, can't make any dilference, if the bookseller is honest, to tlm prico of a fiveshilling or a half crown boo'.f, or to a shilling magazine. And, as fact, the book business as it is conducted in this country is really n very profitable thing. In fact, the booksellers themselves places " tax upo knowledge" of an utterly unjustifiable character, which we wonder thnt one of the big daily papers lias not taken up and condemned ere now If a book is published at :),-. <i 1. net, Cole or Mullen charges you 4s. for it. For a sixpenny magazine they extort iiincpeacc; for a shilling periodical like Ilirper* llugicinc they dein md Is. :> I. In London these same magazines are sol at a discount, of HI. in the shilling at any hookseller's. That is to say, a shilling magazine costs 0.1., and a a I. magazine costs i^.J-.' Therefore th ring of Melbouni- booksellers ijllite unjusli8ably Charge 100 jvn- c: nt. above the London price, on sixpenny magazine. If that is not a tax on knowledge, what is r They do not deserve any special consideration, any more, than does any ironmonger, or wine seller, or tailor whoconduets his business strictly "on the make." It is all very well to trade on the assumption of spreadin knowledge, but there is no benevolence about if. Lord Hymn wrote to Murray—" Now 1) irrabas w a publisher," He should have said " a bookseller Thk Defence department1ms done the right thing in deciding, not a l>it, too poun, tiv.it in s future posts of command in the Victorian forces shall be given to qualified nolonial officers, instea er of to imported Imperial officers. This isa matter upon n-hicli local military people have felt strongly. - What encouragement lias a colonial ojli :er to persevere wjtli his studies unless ho ca feel that he may lmp« to obtnin a responsible ootnuiand ? The Uepaitment is making a start in the right, direction by deciding to fill the place vacated by Lieutenant Christian as gunnery instructor on bnard the Cerl/mis by the. appointluentof a Victorian oilicer. Wlict tier Lieutenant Tickeil or Lieutenant Oolqulioun are given the appointment does not uiatU-r so much as that thi important step has been taken, ft is what eorue of uur military people have been hammering »w« at for a ling tinj«. Some weeks since Editor Key, who wields the sword as well as the pen, a cjiuumudsa company of the Mounted Kifles as well as the staff of the HcraW, went into this subject d baldheaded, arguing it from tliee.cononiiea and tactical points of view. The change in the - p >Hcy of the Department is probably largely due ., lo liis advocacy, in which case lie is to be congratulated on the result, aud the Department, ou f tin.) good sense it has shown ia weighing well a piece o'. letsonable criticism. Departments are not usually so sensible. The tone of the Anglo-Indian aud some portion of the English Press regarding the appointment of Sir Henry Norman to the post of Viceroy of India, illustrates a contemptible feature in the character of tlm aristocratic section of the British people. Sir Henry Norman's list; of distinguished -services to the K'lipire and to India is extraordinarily a long and brilliant. He lias bled as a soldier and labouied as a statesman. He fough at Luoknow, was in the very thick of the Indian n Mutiny, has been a member of the Council of the Viceroy, aud has become acquainted with the business of government as the Queen's representative . in two colonies. Aud yet, forsootli, because he is not a member of the aristocratic gang, is not a peer, nor a. society lapdog, iiora ma known in the purlieus of Belgravia, he is locked upon as quite an inferior person, and one who d ought not on any ac.count to be selected for an office of high honour and emolument. Compare Sir Henry's record with that of any previous e Viceroy for half a century past, and then see how he stands in the mat ter of merit. Why, none of them a liHVe been fit to hold n candle to him. But then he has won his way by ineiit and bard service, and they hare had aristocratic prestige behind them. The English "classes" still believe in the righteousness of the remark of the late Mr. Hosealliglow : — g " Wouldn't Ihrf be some like fulfillin' the prophesies, as ." With all the fust fam'iics in all the fust offices ?" 