NOTES AND COMMENTS. BYXYZ.J That curious Alaclean mystery seems more impenetrable than ever. There are now three men in prison for having, as alleged, been concerned in the stone throwing at Airs. Hart s1 house; but still the persecution of the unfortunate woman is being carried on as actively as ever, and that, too, in spite of the police force on duty around the place . .having been considerably strengthened. Last week a young hair dresser named Aleeks was arrested, but while he was in the lock-up more stones were thrown, and as there was practically no evidence1 against the accused he was discharged. Even bright evenings are no deterrent to the miscreants, whoever they are, and the constables and the civilians assisting them are at their wits' end to know what to do next Some time back application' was made to the Inspector- General for rockets to use on dark wet nights, but these were refused- on the grounds that they would; be useless. That seems right enough, but why not try a golden bait? Tlie work is evidently that of no one individual, for missiles come almost simultaneously from , different directions. There was never a band of scoundrels yet in which there was not one ready to sell the rest if it was made wbrth his while. Let the outstanding £10 reward be increased to £50 or £100, and then we wil see what we will see. Depend upon it, the " ghosts" are not proof against the temptation of a big -fistful of shining sovereigns. Thanks to an inquisitive statistician, it has now been demonstrated that the distance covered during an evening's dancing is fifteen miles. No one would ever believe it, except it had been plainly proved in black and white. An average waltz will take one over three-quarters of a mile, a square dance makes 'every indi vidual taking part in it cover half-a-mile, while a gallop equals a good mile. An- ordinary ball programme includes twenty dances, of which twelve are waltzs. There are at once nine miles. Three gallops, and the weak lassie has done twelve miles: Five other dances at half- a-mile a-piece bring her close up to fifteen miles, leaving out the intermission stroll in the garden and the trips to the dressing- room to renovate her gown arid com plexion. Imagirie this girl's sweetheart asking her : to walk; say, to Smithtown, and her contemptuously muttered charge that lie is tco" mean to hire a buggy. Still the same young man may ask her to do a greater distance in the ball-room, and be the clearest young man in the world. Again, ask Amelia to run over to the grocer's, some few hundred yards away, arid hear her say how tired she is ! For the reverse test, present her with Airs. Alultaggart's invitation to a birth-day ball. Will she go ? Of course she will ; she never felt so refreshed,' although she has been working hard all day, ancl doesn't mind a bit walking into town to order the apparatus necessary for wear on the occasion. Then when the eventful night arrives, what is she prepared to do ? She does not at all mind putting in a couple of hours arranging her hair and tinting her complexion, and when she reaches the ball-room she will laugh to -scorn any attempt to dissuade her from going through the whole programme, and covering a distance of fifteen miles or thereabouts. F unny, but perfectly true ! I have not the honor of knowing Air. Henry Byfield, of The Falls, Hillgrove, but from the wording of a boxing challenge .advertisemerit which . he has inserted in the Guardian, he is evidently a gentleman who should be at once returned to the Legislative Assembly, where his choice and vigorous English would- receive due appreciation. , Here . is the epistle : — " As Jimmy, ltyan got hold of ine .'op the tonic' the otheij night and. 4 dealt me a hand,' and there 'has been some talk that his brother, Paddy .Ryan, would have a 'soft snap ' in me, this is what I am prepared to do, for any part of £20 and the house, with 4oz. gloves, Queensbury Rules : I will knock out the two gas-bags, viz., P. Ryan and his brother Jimmy, the public house , in the ring and on the same night, catch weights. T have never been' in the ring before in my life,; but I have an idea of a couple of cocktails1 when I see them ; so if they or their friends are on the job, here is- a chance for them. Paddy is big enough to fight anyone if his heart is not too low down ; and a,s he carries a medal that he .won in a competition that never existed, he can put tliat up too." Of course there are some lion, members who can. beat this easily,, but for an outsider the diction is by no means bad ; Air. Byfield is able to box, and is able to use warm language, and so is just the man for the House. It is tip be trusted that the claims of so eminently qualified a gentleman will not be overlooked at the forthcoming general election. \- . Advance . Australia ! Once more . we have, as the Yankees say, "licked creation." Crohamhurst, in south-eastern Queensland, now holds the record of the world for a 24 hours go- as-you-please rainfall. The people of Kempsey thought their own 10- inches 34 points" in 12 hours . last month pretty good, but what wiil they say to a fall of 157 inches 14 points in 24 hours. .The thing would appear incredible, but Air. Wragge, the Government Aleteor- ologist-, ?ays : " Lest any should be inclined to cavil at the figures given, let ine publicly 'state that the observer was Air. jlhigo Oweri Jones, one of my especially trained- and ' most valued assistants, and that implicit reliance. can be placed on his data. The gauge, at Crohamhurst is a standard instrument of -the large pattern, standing 1ft. above ground at an altitude of about 14G10ft. above the sea." . To fiii"ther; show the entirely unprecedented. nature of: the fall in Queenslurid; the following - are given as a few of the most remarkable previous rainfalls in the world: — At Joyeuse, France' 3117 inches in twenty- two hours ; at Genoa, 30 inches in twenty- four hours; at Gibraltar, 33 inches in. twenty-six hours ; on the hills above Bombay, 24 inches in one1 night ; and on the : Khasia Hills, : to the northward of Calcutta, 30 inehes% on each of five suc cessive days, 1 Hoyv small these figures look to. the 157 inches at Crohamhurst. Could Mr. Wragge's assistant have after all ihade a mistake ? 