OUR, STORTBTTS. [Alt- BJTGHTi SrBfCTLT Bksebvbd. j TOLD BY A DEEP-SEA ENGINEER . By Laurie Lanefeldt, Autbob of ' Divided by Love,' ' Hbb Owk Enkmt Era., Etc. 11 Hullo, Loran ; glad to see you've picked up. Here's Mr Danvers — he's fond of pay ing us a visit down here.' 1 had just got into the engine-room of tho '* Ocean Monaroh,' bound, aa usual, for Oapo Town. I wae the second engineer, and had come aboard a week ago scarccly recovered , from a low fever. This was my first appearanoe, and the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr Sanvcra, one of the passengers, with whom I had made great friends, smiled. ' Bea-air does wonders,' said he. '1 suppose 1 had better depart in peace, as yoa two will have plenty to do.' 'Oh, no hurry,' said Peterson, 'You know we shipped some fresh stokers Logan ?' 'Yea— two,' 1 answered; 'how do you find them?' ' I have bad no complaints.' 1 opened the deor of the stoke-hole aud looked in. Danvers put his head in behind me — he always said the great red eye of the fire had a fascination for him. The furnace door was open, and one of the men was - flinging on coals. Tbe hotglare of light fell wards, He looked weird — terrible. I turned back hastily to Paterson. ' Who is the third man ?' 1 said. u Third man I What do you mean ? What's the matter, Logan, you are quite white ?' ' There are only two men,' said Danvers, following ms back into the engine-room, We heard the clang-to of the furnaoe* door. I looked from one to the other. I felt scared. I suppose 1 showed the feeling, for both men seemed concerned. ' Three 1' I said, in a curiously question* ing voice, aa if I were not sure of what I had seen. ' Thomson ' (that was tbe stoker who had been with us for years) 'and tbe new men— 1 don't know their facea.' 'You'd better go to the doctor again,' said Paterson ; ' I was in there five minutes before you came j there were only Thomson aud Holker, one of the new hands, there ; and nobody has gone in eince.' ' Yon see double, Logacj' said Danvers, Smiling. 1 was silent ; nothing could have been easier than to return to the stoke-hole, and there and then settle tbe matter. But I bad a sort of shrinking from seeing again that strange red figure, and preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking it over later, it seemed probable that the others were right. That fierce lieht might produce all manners of effects, and the third mas had certainly looked shadowy enough to be only an optical delusion. but the second time 1 saw Holker was In broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the engineers' cabins, and again there seemed someone behind him, another man — a filmy Bhape, and yet distinct. I felt paralysed. There waB nothing remarkable about tbe stoker— a quiet man, rather ' close' with his matee, and therefore not much liked ; but we engineers found him a good worker. I thought the fever waB still banging about me, but then 1 felt strong aud well, slept soundly, and ate as only a convalescent can. 1 took to watching Holker, although I had a most horrible nervous feeling about him. I asked Paterson once, and also tbe third engineer, if they saw anything odd about tbe man. Nothing at all, they said. Oouldn't they see, X thought, that something always behind the stoker, that wasn't a likeness of him? Whenever 1 saw him 1 saw it too— in the lurid glare of tbe fire, about the lower deck and passages, in the fresh sunshiny air— always that otbeT man, like some haunting fate. Was 1 mad, or was everyone else blind ? ' Danvers,' 1 said oae night ; he and 1 were walking the deck, smoking ; ' do you believe in uncanny things V ' Do you mean ghosts 7' ' Not exactly. I wish you'd let ms tell you something, only don't laugh at me.' ' Not for worlds. 1 am not an entire unbeliever, and I know you have very devout beliefs in these things, ' said Danveis. ' Thanks. It's about thiB Holker, ' Do you remember when 1 firat saw him 1 1 told Pateraon there were three men.' ' Yes.' 'There were three figures— God knows whether tbe third was a man,' I said in a trembling voicc. ' Jt is no fane y— I have proved it to be none. 1 am not ill— my nerves are not unhinged ; they are as steady as yours. Always I see behind Holker a shape—' ' What you Scotch call a wraith,' said Danvers— 'a warning of his death.' ' A wraith is a likeness ot the person warned— this shadowy form is not jo the leaBt like Holker. What does it mean?'l said pauBing by his side— there wae a eort of despair in my heart. ' Why do I alone see it 7 Is there something for me to do, and 1 do not know what ?' I could feel that Danvers was sympathetic though he was silent. ' It may be that you alone are a ghost-seer. I have read that come people never can see anything.' ' You do not doubt me then 7' ' 1 hardly know what to say. Can you describe this appearanoe ?' ' It is aa clear as day, though so misty. It is a young man's face— « white trans* parent complexion, like a person in bad health ; thin aristocratic features ; the fair hair fails in curia over tbe forehead ; tbe eyes are brown— womanish eyes— they are so soft and wistful—' I paused suddenly— I had been talking at if to myself, hardly noticing Danvers ; bnt an exclamation from him checked me. lo my sorprise he had turned pale. ' Should you know the face 7' he said in a hurried way. ' You mean in a picture f— yes.' 'Oome to my cabin,' said Danvers; we went below quickly, and when we reached bis cabin be fastened his door. He seemed Bxcited. He unlocked a desk that he teok from a travelling case, and laid a photograph in my hand. My blood turned to lee a*. I looked— I could not speak, nor oven utter a sound. There was the face I had just described,' ' 1 see yon recognise it,' said Danvers. He tat down and covered bis faoe, and 1 laid the photograph on the table. He seemed agitated— I felt curiously calm. 'Something you were to do,' said Danvers at last. 41 You have done it ' ' How f I have done nothing, ' 11 Ton have told me.' ' Told you 7 Yes, because I oould no longer endure silence. What then ?' 'I'll tell {you— and you must jhelp me. I am not travelling for pleasure— ' 1 knew that,' I said, a little drily. ' Ah, yon are quick, but you kept yonr oonnssl, so it didn't matter, I am a detective.' ' Whatl' I said, springing np ; my heart vras beating wildly. ' Hash 1 Sit down again. I was sent on the track of a murderer. We had certain information that he had eeoaped to Africa some week* ago. He is not there— he is here—' ' Holker, the stoker t' 1 whispered. I sat overwhelmed. Danvers quiokly regained something of his professional quietude. 'That face,' he said, pointing to the photograph, 'is tbe likeness of Mr Louis Temple— a young man of means, asd an invalid, who was murdered by hia man servant— perhaps you have heard 7' ' Na — I was ill— I heard nothing.' 'The man was a trusted servant, half nuree. xne muraer —a peculiarly norribieone on a defenceless man— was committed evinently for purposes of robbery. We shall find some of the spoil in Holker 's chest. The murderer escaped, but we have ovidence that will surely hug him. Now do yon eee how great a service you have unconsciously done i Probably, but for this strange interposition, the murdered man would never have been avenged. Our false infor mation would have misled us, and while We wasted time in rectifying it, Holker would very likely have been lost to us altogether.' ' Iaee,'J-Wis all I could say. ' Now 1 have my hand on him,' said the detective. ' He is, of course, disguised. I will arrange a plan, in which 1 shall need yonr help, to strip him of this disguise. I arrest him, and he and I are put ashore at the first port we touch at, and return to Engiaud.' ' Claim my entire services,' 1 said. ' I ean hardly yet believe I am in my right senses. Why was I, who know nothing of 1 the circumstances, who was ignorant of the existence of this Louis Temple— why was I , chosen to bring this horrible crime to light?'* 'Ah, there we get into the unfathom* able,' said the detective, ' beyond me, and beyond wiser and better people than I. 1 don't see how one can get over the fa6te— which is all we have to do with/' That argument did not eatisty me, though I knew t never ceold get beyond it .this side of the veil. The strange, the awful thing was that the next time X saw Holker the shadow was gone. We mado our plans, and I Boon saw how tteccsB&ry; my aid was. I was thrown much more across the stoker thaa Danvers was, aud the initial movementwa&todrugtheaia;^get him into my cabin under pretencc he was ill, aud there satisfy ourselves of his make up. 1 shall never forget tbe grim delight of the dotcctive when this plan Bucceedcd, and the wretched criminal was revealed in the insensible man stretched before us. That was his last hour of freedom ; be came to to find himself the prisoner of the quiet passenger, Mr Danvers. It wae a terrible scene; the man could not understand how he had been discovered, when the detective said he himself bad not made the Hiscsvcry. In the midst of the wrctch'e frightful ravings, we learned that he had purposely miesed the Bhip he had bGen reported to have sailed in, and had fastened on the ' Ocean Monarch.' In his chest were found jewels, plate, money — all identified as the missing property of the I unfortunate Mr Temple. I There was horror from stem to stern when it was known that we had a murderer on board. Sailors are superstitious on this Soint and juetly bo. I think no one I reatbefi freely till Holker (that wasn't hifl 1 real name, by-the-bye) bad beea removed from our ship. I myself was the eenBation of the honr, but 1 tried to avoid curious questioners. There was ssmcthicg too awe some to me in the myBtery in which I had been the instrument to allow me to discuss it with every idle tatler, Was what I saw the Bpirit of the murdered man, silently crying for vengeance 7 I devoutly believe it was. But the question I had put to the detective remains unabswered— why was I made to play this part ? The story got into the papers, and I was interviewed by mare scientific men of all nationalities than 1 can remember now. It is years ago— tbe detective is dead, the ' Ocean Monarch ' is running her last trip so all things come and go. And it'* time I went below and looked after my engines, or you fellows will never get home to England. It's a strange story, you sav i 60 it is— but it's true, [Thb End,} 