CHAPTBH VII. THE VOICE OF THE DEAD. " But if you look into it, the balance is perfectly adjusted even here. God has made Bos world much better than you and j I could make it. Everything reaps its own j harvest, every act has its own reward. And before you covet the enjoyment which I another possesses you must first calculate j the cost at which it was procured." FttBDSBlCK "W. Bobe&tsok.; Reuben Penwithen followed the dog as rapidly as he was able, and ere long saw that the intelligent animal had come close to the youth, and that they now stood j facing each other. •' At him, Shep !" said Reuben; but al though the dog crouched and growled, he | did not obey. " At him, old man i" he repeated; and I still the dog refused to attack the young [ fellow, who stood waiting for him. " He wasn't," said lshmael; " heV | feared." " What are yon doing here, young fel low ?" asked Reuben angrily; " and whai do you mean by looking in at my window ?"] Nothin'," replied lshmael, still keeping his eyes on the dog " lint you were; what do you mean bj it?" * Nothin'," repeated lshmaelj " call ofi your dog. ' Somehow he did not at all feel fright ned at Reuben now he stood face to j face with him. " I'll do nothing of the sort," replied j Reuben. " I'll have you taken before the magistrates, and then sent out of the neighbourhood. You are here for no good young fellow. I was foolish to get yon a job j but if you don't leave this part of the ooun'ry at once it shall be worse for you— yon blaspheming young infidel!" lshmael realised tbe weakness of this threat. First, the magistrates were t<> send him out of the neighbourhood, an ' then, if he didu't leave the neighbour-1 hood at once, it shonld be the worse fo> him. " I shall not leave the neighbourhood,' replied lshmael. " I've done nothiu wrong." " Who are you?" said Reuben. This mysterious lad made him uncomfortable, and he asked the question almost without thinking. "You knaw my name—lshmael Pen- ] gelly. I've no friends, but I've my livin to git, and have es much right to git it as | you have." The reply contained a note of sullen defiance, and Reuben did not like being defied. For years he'd been one of tbe most important men in tbe neighbotu hood. and to be bearded by this great hnlking fellow angered him. He won dered whether a shout would reach the ears of the men servants in the kitchen. He was afraid not. Bnt he must punish lshmsel somehow, and make him afraid if possible. He wondered if he dared to tackle him. After all he was only a lad—although he was so big. Meanwhile the dog had been crouching, watching Tshmael's every movemen t, and I as soon as bis attention was slightly I diverted from him prepared to leap " That's it, Shep! At him!" urged Reu ben, " at him!" he repeated in an angi-v voice; and the dog with a savage growl obeyed bis master's voice. 2'Le animal was by no means a lady's pet. H*lf a she pherd's dog, and half a mastiff, he was a formidable opponent, especially when aroused, and urged on by bis master. " Ah! that's got yon, you blackguard!" I cried Reuben, as he saw the dog leap upon I lshmael, with his mouth towards tbel youth's throat; *' we'll soon see abont it | now." But Lis triumph was short-lived. lsh mael, tall and large boned, possessed great strength, and although k eking the powers of endurance which he would possess in later years, he was for a brief time far more than a match for an ordinary man. Un mindful of the sharpness of the dog's teeth, he caught him by tbe throat with hie right hand, and by the back part of bis body with bis left; then lifting bim higb in the air he dashed him to the ground with a terrible foroe. Tbe dog gave a great yelp of pain as he fell, then picking himself np as soon as he was able, crept away with a pi'ifol whine. " You shall suffer for this, you shall 1" cried lshmael to Reuben, clenching his bleeding hand. He was going to say some thing more, bnt checked himselfj then turning on his heel, be made bin way back towards Carloggas. "My turn'il come sometime," be mut tered ; " it'll come. I do&n;'t see how, yet, but if 11 surely oome. I'm glad I didn't say notbin', though." All through the night he lay awake p'auning, vowing vengeance, and then planning again, un'il the morning sun shone in npon his scanty bed. Nick Liddi coat lay snoring at his side, bnt he did not heed Although every one in foe house was asleep, he got up, and made his way towards the sea, and, arrived there, he divested himself of his clothes andplnnged into six fathoms of water. He had learnt the accomplishment of swimming that summer, partly because he enjoyed it, and more because he thought it might be useful to him some day. And some how the wholesomeness of the great sea made his mind more healthy, for as he walked back to Carloggas after bis bath, be brooded less, and watched the pearly dew drops as they hung on corn and gras9, wondering at their brightness as they glistened in the sun. As for Reuben, he crept back to the house with a heavy weight on his heart. To him this was more than an ordinary epitode. The previous winter two navvies had come to Penwithen and stolen some chickens, bat this he had thought but little about. They were ordinary roughs; but this youth—therr was a wild, evil look upon his face that he did not like. The fellow seemed to carry a lot of dark secrets aiound with him. He had the lamp lit and placed on the table, and the blinds carefully drawn, so as to hide everything from the outside, and then, not satisfied, he closed the shutters. Phis done, he locked the door and sat down in his armchair, and remained for a long timv wiih his chin resting on bis chest and his " No, no," he said at length, " it can't be anything to do with that. It's only I who am afraid. I'm always troubling about it, always troubling myself without reason. And yet that fellow makes me think of her. 'Nineteen years, nineteen years—and! never a word, never a word to tell me if she lives. Ay and it's been nineteen years of suspense and fear. After all, I was happier at Carloggas in the old days. T believe 1 loved her, too, in a different way from Amelia, but I loved her in a fearsome kind of way. And she loved me at one time. 8he would have given her life for me—and I de ceived her, robbed her. The game wasn't I worth the candle, after all. And yet I don't know. 1 do lore the old place. I love the money it brings, and I'm proud of my posi tion." Then he sat a long time motion less; so still was he that one might have supposed him dead. But he aroused again presently, and went on muttering to himself. " I'm a fool to bother so. Everything is safe, as safe as can be. Judith must be dead long ere this. 1 shall never see her again, and I have the will." He started from the chair, and looked towards the safe. " Why am I always wanting to see it, always wanting to read it ?" he muttered. *' I hate the sight of it, and yet it fascinates me. I often dream that I see old Michael writing it, and holding up his1 head between the words forbidding me to claim the land. It is a wonder how the thonght sticks to me through the years, and haunts me like a nightmare. 1 wiBh I'd never seen it; bat there, I mast go and haTe one more look at it." He walked across the room, and then stopped suddenly. " I've forgotten all about that fellow," he muttered. " I came in here vowing vengeance on him, and I've scaroely given him a thought. Everything seems to centre on this—this!" He unlocked the safe, and then looked anxiously around the room. "I believe I'd confess everything but for them," he went on. " I wouldn't mind for myself. Better to be poor if by being poor I could be rid of this feeling. 1 could go away, and never be heard of again. But 1 cannot leave them poor. Poor Bertie is nearly a cripple, while Grace—no. 1*11 bold fast—but there, what a f.">ol I am!" He opened the door of the safe, and looked keenly at each compartment. Then he took a book from it, which was fastened and locked. This he unlocked, and looked carefully at its contents. Then he turned to the thick cover, and quickly found a pocket or compartment, evidently con trived for important documents. From this he extracted a piece of parchment. " I couldn't keep it in the cash-b^x," he said; " I might have to run to it hur riedly, and leave it carelessly sometime; and yet, I don't like to keep it here." He spread it out on the table. " The last will and testament of Michael Penrose" Then he unfolded it, and for the thousandth time read its contents. " I shall never feel safe until I see it burnt wi h my own eyes," he said; " and then I should be constantly fearing it would be rc-UT<?cted in some way." " Eu\ I will burn it," he continued, after a while. *' It makes my life a h«P; its existence warns me that my children m ay be paupeis There, I'll do it" He lit a candle and took the will, hold ing it close to the steady flame, then he drew it back quickly. "What's that?" he cried. "Surely I heard a scratch at the wiudow-pane or else it was something at the safe!" He stopped sod listened for a minute or more but all was silent—as silent as death. " *h, it's only my foolish fears after all —only my foolish fears." He held the p.rchm nt against the flame again, and again he drew it hack. He heard a leud ticking, loader than the sound of a watch, very near to him " Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick," At first it seemed on the libtary table, then on the mmtelpiece, then on the safe. , His hand tremb'ed so that he could scarcelv holdthe will, while the perspiration stood thick on his forehead. " Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick," he heard, on and on the sound went, then suddenly ceased. He wiped his forehead aid looked fearfully around the room. The lamp bnrnt clearly, the shutters were closed, nothing was to ba seen. "It's the death watch!" he cried at length. " Nay, I'm not so foo ish as to be frightened by that. An insect signalling for its mate, that's all. It might scare a superstitious old woman, but Reuben Pen withen knows ibmt these things," And yet the sound had wrought upon his excited nerves, for there was a strain of superstition in his nature. Old Leali had told him stories long years ago— stories of omens, and tokens, and death's head moths; tales of ghosts and apparitions, and to-night he did not feel like laughing at them. Still, he held old Michael's will to the candlo flame once more, and once more he stopped. The lines of some doggerel which .,,-aa bad taught him as a boy came back to his mind with great vividness. He had believed in them in the old days, but of late years he had discarded all such things as foolishness. After all, Leah was an old woman, who as a child had been nurtured on stories of - ghosts and goblins, and he had ceased to pay heed to what she said Still he could not help repeating the doggerel to himself: " Strike a dead man's face, By a dead man you'll be haunted; Steal a dead man's ring, And by dead men you'll be daunted; Cross a dead man's will, Ton can scarce do worse; Burn a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse." He threw the will on the floor as though it were a serpent, and theu, as if angry with himself, picked it up again. " Oh, I am a weak, poor fool!" he cried ; " and after nineteen years, too. For 'tis nineteen years since I stole this will from Judith, and I've never had a happy day since. Again and again I've tried to d««troy it, and I've always failed. But 1 vAU do it. It's the only link of the past It's the only possible way by which the truth can be known." I With a trembling hand he lifted the parchment to the candle-flame again, but he could not keep it there. The lines old Leah had taught him were ringing in his ears, and every word seemed to make him feel old Michael's presence: " Cross a dead man's will, Tou can scarce do worse; Born a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse." He knew it meant nothing. He knew there were scores of similar verses repeated np and down the country, and that they were as meaningless as empty air. Never theless, he could not carry his purpose into effect. He plaoed the will back in the receptacle which had been cunningly con trived in the thick cover of the book; this he placed back in the safe, which he care fully locked. " At any rate, it will be all right there until 1 can think of a better hiding-place,'' he muttered; then, with a heavy sigh, he went to his bedroom, stopping two or three times on his way, and looking round with fearful glances. The next morning he was up in good time, andshortly after breakfast be ordered his horse to be saddled, which he im mediately mounted and rode towards Carloggas. " Well, John," he said, as he saw his brother-in-law come out of his new barn, " Carloggas looks different from what it did in the old days." "It had need, too, Eeuben," replied Bassett. " Tour corn looks welL Tou make it do, don't you P " " Since you let me have those four good daiiy fields, I can make it do, and pay my rent. Ton know that." " But I let you have it cheap, and this new bam means a year's rent knocked off." " Oh, I don't complain. Tou are very kind to me." " 1 remember Amelia," he said, with a sigh. . " There is a talk of your marryin again, said Bassett, uneasily. " Miss Tredinnick, of Endellion." "Then the t*lk is lies," said Beuben. " I shall never marry again." He looked gloomy as he made this reply. Then, as if anxious to change the subject, he said; " Tou'll be wanting more hands now the harvest is coming on,--won't yon P " "That I shall," replied the farmer; " especially since that great blaofc-eyed chap you sent over here last November if gone." " Is he gone P" asked Beuben eagerly. " Where ? " " Gene to Tintagel." " Why did you send him away P Didn't he behave himself? What did he do wrong, eh ? " " I didn't send 'nn away,- he went of his own free will. I'd no fault to find wi' un. He served me well—did a man's work for a boy's wage. I offered 'un more to stay, but he wouldn't." Reuben was disappointed. He hoped that he had done something wrong, and bad been discharged. 'Twould have been an easy matter then to have got him out of the neighbourhood. " Where is he gone ? " he said at length 5 " that is, to whose place P " " To Tommy Trethewy's. He's going to learn carpenterin' and buildin'." Beuben stayed at Carloggas a very little while longer after this, but galloped his horse up the lane which led to the sea. In a few minutes he reached the summit of the hill, and was soon in sight of the great Atlantic. He dismounted and sat down on the grass, while a discontented look rested on his face. " I can do nothing through John," he said to himself, " nothing at all. '-'an anything be done with Tommy Trethewy 1 He depends on me for a good deal of work, and would not like to offend me. But what can I say if I go to him, aud whv should I say anything ?" He looked out on the wide sea, and its immensity gave him a sense of freedom aud strength; he turned aud looked on the broad acres around him, most of whieh were sup posed to be his, aud these gave a sense of security and comfort. " After all," he said, " I know nothing against the fellow. A strange, hulking yonth, no doubt, but that is alL It's my own con science that has made me feel so bitter to wards him; he always reminds me of—but ne ver mind. Why should I go and seek to ruin his proipects when the gain iB so doubt ful ? Of course, if I thought that any good woald come of driving him from the country I would do it, no matter what the conse quences were, but I don't sea the good of it." For a loag time he calculated and con sidered the probable issues, and finally con cluded to let him stay. If Ishmael were his enemy, as he had a vague idea that he was, it might not be the wisest thing to drive him out of sight. Indeed, it might be better if ho kept bim within sight. If he were only a surly, dark-minded youth—well, then, he— Beuben Penwithen—had nothing to bother about. Still, he would watch, and that closely, so closely that nothing, however snsa'l. should escape his notice. So far his mind was settled ; but he was not quite free from the influences of the ivght before. That will still troubled him, as it had done ever since old Margery had died Presently he gave a start and looked up. It was only JNick Liddicoat, one; of hi; brother-in-law's servants; and before Nick | came un Beubeu had conceived a plan. " Nick," he said, " take my horse back to I Carloggas stables, I'll caU for him in about J an hour." " Iss, snr." replied Nick, who led the ani-1 mal away until he had got out of Reuben's sight. then he jumped onthis back, " j'st to | see ef he cudien ride a gentleman's boss." As for Beuben, he hurried down the cliffs, and piesently came to the sandy beach. He hurried along a little way until he came to the cave into which he had gone nineteen years before. He had the will witb him then, and he was wondering what he should do with it. To-day he was still undecided. He entered the cave. Its mouth stood bebiud great rocks, and was thus hidden from view. He had discovered it when a boy. He believed then, as he believed now. that no one knew of it but himself. The floor W2S covered with hard dry sand. The sea never entered except at high tides, I while the water never reached the extreme j <'-nd of it. He lit a match and looked around. He examined the roof and sides, feeling along carefully with his hands. Presently his hand went into a hole in the Bide of the cave. How the hole had been made he did not know, but he knew that such holes in caves were common. Fes, he could just touch the end. How quiet it was in there I Outside the waves surge 1 and mcaned, but there all was different. The nearest house was half a mile away, and the cave was unknown. He sat down on a stone and remained there thinking fur an hour or more. His mind seemed made np, and he came outside and looked around. No one was near, no one saw. Then he went back to Carloggas with a look of confidence on his face. That day Ishmael started to work at Tommy Trethewy's, and he, in spite of his interest in his work, made many plans about the future, not knowing what Beubeu Penwithen had determined upon. (To be continued,.) 