MACMILLAN'S COLONIAL LIBRARY. Additions continue to be made to the series of volumes known as "Macmillan's Colonial Library," which the publishers, Messrs. Macmillan & Co., of London, are issuing for the exdnsira benefit of readers in the Aus tralasian colonies and India. The promise is being faithfully adhered to of giving only the best worlra of standard authors of the present day, and this is the only cheap form in which the same books can be procured. The library now comprises 117 volumes, end the assortment is as varied as ever. The low price and excellence of paper and type are strong recommendations in the case of institutes and circulating libraries where there is a demand for the best and latest books, especially of fiction. The four latest volumes are to hand from Messrs. George Robertson & Sons. For Mr. Marion Crawford's novels there is always a, certain demand, and he has never been more successful than in his portrayals of society in Borne during the last and the present centuries. "Don Oreino''isa continuation of "Satacineeca" and "Sant Hario," and in it we have a brilliant presentment of life in modern Borne, with ita political and religions fends and factions. Don Orsino is Saracinesca'e grandson. For his ambitious yeanlings he can find no accep table opening. Of art he knows nothing, in politics ha can get none of the dominant parties to "take him up," to take to business would be contrary to the family traditions and degrading to the family pride. While pondering oa these difficulties he makes acquaintance with a young widow, Madame d'Ar&njuez;, and his love-making does not prosper, and renouncing past preju dices he turns to money untiring and is started on bis career as a speculator by a banker. Baron del Fence, to whom he is introduced by Madame d'Aranjuez The tables are now turned, and while Orsino's passion ebbs its object finds her own heart "stirred un accountably," and on the eve of her departure from Borne she seeks an interview with Orsino, and reveals her love. He on the other hand has no senti ment for her now but pity. His avocation dooms him to remain for a summer in Borne, and Australians may compare their own spells of heat with Mr. Crawford's picture of a hot season under Italian skies: —"July drags on and terrible August treads the burning streets, bleaching the very dust upon the pavement, scourging the broad campagna with fiery flashes of heat Then the white-hot eky reddens in the evening when it cools, as the white iron does when it is taken from the forge. Then at last all those who can escape from the condemned city flee for their lives to the hills, while those who must face the torment of the son and the poison of the air turn pale in their sufferings, feebly curse their fate, and then grow ustlnas, weak, and irresponsible as over-driven galley slaves, indifferent to everything—work, rest, blows,: food, sleep, and the hope of release. The sjcy < darkens suddenly: there is a sort of horror in, the stifling air. People do not talk mnob, and: if they do are apt to quarrel and sometimes to| kill one another without warning. The plash of the fountains has a doll sound, like the pouring outof molten load. The horses' hoofs strike visible aparka on* of tits grey stones in broad daylight. Many booses are shut, and one fancies that there most be a dead mas in each whom no one will bury. A few' great drape of xain oake "*~*?™? on the pave ment at noon, and there is an exasperating, half- sulphurous smell abroad. Late in boa afternoon they fall again. An evil wipd comas in hot blast? fromall quarters a* onoe; then a low roar like an iiartnfmaWv and pre eendy a crash that jars open the over-wrought nerves; great and planning drops again, a Bharp, short flash—then crash open crash, deluge upon deluge, and the wont is over. Summer has reoeived its first mortal wound ; but its death is more fatal than its Ufa. The noontide heat is fierce, and drinks up the moisture of the nin and the foetid dust with it. The fever- wraith rises in the damp, cool night far out in the oampagna, and steals up to the walls of the city, and over them and tinder them and into the houses. If there are any yet left in Borne who can by any possi bility take themselves out of it, they an not long in going. Till that moment there has been only Buffering to be borne, now there is danger of something worse. Now, indeed, the oily becomes a desert inhabited by white faced ghosts. Now, if it be a year of cholera, the dead-carts rattle through the streets all night on their way to the gate of St. taw- j xenoe, and the workmen count their numbers when they meet at dawn. Bat the bad days are not many, if only there be tain enough, for a little is worse than none. Thenighte lengthen and the September galee sweep away the poison miste with kindly strength." As the winter approaches Madame d'Aran juez returns, and Orsino finds his pa??ion suddenly revived. Here the plot becomes a little complicated. The lady refuses to marry him, and he learns from another source that ehe is the illegitimate daughter of one of her father's servants, her father being Count SpiooL Madame d'Aranjuez disap pears, and Orsino finds his own horizon darken ing. His speculations fail, and ruin stares him in the faoe. A. letter one day reaches him from the woman he loves, and he informs her of his trouble. The clouds in a few days lighten, the banker to whom he is indebted in explicably releases him from his obligations, Count Spied dies, and on his deathbed con fesses to Orsino that, although his daughter, Madame d'Aranjuez, is not of base blood, that Oreino's improved monetary position is due to the intervention of the woman who loves him bo devotedly as to purchase his free dom by a promise to many the banker. Mr. Crawford must bo left to unravel the tangle. With "Don Orsino" we may bracket " Under Pressure," another story of R"T"*n life. The author is the Marchesa Theoduli, and tiie book curiously enough is dediaated to Ttfr. 2£erion Crawford. Tnu is a "first I attempt to describe some of the customs, prejudices, and virtues" still subsisting in the aristocratic portion of Roman society. Prince &ntalli; has two daughters, of whom one baa a leaning to asceticism and the other (on whom I the etory principally hinges) to matrimony. The parents of the latter, after the ancient custom, contract a marriage for her with Don ?barto Casals, son of an old Roman patriot. XJberbo'B father die^ leaving him alrcost penniless, and the story is occupied with the narration of the attempts of the bride-elect's parents to break off the match, and of her own loyalty which, combined with her sister's intercession, over comes all obstacles and is at length rewarded by the concent of the parents to the union. "Helen Trevelyan/' by John Boy, takes ns to a very different Boene. Here we have by an experienced hand an interesting sketch of station life in India. The narrative is con cerned with the character and fortunes of Guy Langley, who arrives with his regiment in India just before the proclamation of the empire at Dalbi. Here he marries Colonel Trevelyan's daughter Helen, and for a time "all goes happy as a marriage bell," the reader's attention being momentarily diverted from the fortunes of the couple to a series of photographio sketches of life at Simla, descrip tions of military stations, tiger hunts, and parades. A vioeregal reoeption is thus de scribed : —" On the morning of the Queen's birthday Guy went off with all the rest of the world to pay his respects to the Viceroy. It was a curious eight. The Mall was covered with civil and military officers, in full uniform, riding all sorts and conditions of «iim?l« The majority were mounted on ponies, some on ridiculous shamblinjr ponies, **•" mane and tail. A distinguished warrior, his helmet covered with plumes'and his bosom with medals, riding a tbirteen-hand split-) eared goont, with a head like a portmanteau and a mane like the falls of Niagara, is a sight to move wild laughter in the throat of death. Guy Langley was glad to feel his big charter under him. It is worse now they eay a when you leave the vioe-regal lodge, you see her Majesty's army being carted away in jinncktho*. Imagine an officer commanding a cavalry regiment being taken to a party in a peram bulator pushed by four little Hindoos! The Afghan war breaks out and in this struggle, which is vividly described, the hero meets his death. The scene is thus graphically limned:— "They were all weary, and marched care lessly forward in silence. The night was closing in fast, and a little fine enow was fall ing. It gathered about Guy's shoulders and the folds of his potUcn, and lay thick upon his bridle arm. His right hand was in his breast, j under the warm sheepskin, and his feet were hanging free of the stirrups which chilled them. Now and then the little hone shook the snow from his head and neck; but his master rode on without taking any notice of it. His thoughts had wandered far away from the wintry valley and ail his eurround ings. He was dreaming of a beautiful face held np to his own. and a sweet, low voice that trembled with happiness. And he gave her his sword again, and said, 'Ihavsdcawaa you told me, darling. I have borne it-with. honor.' There was a sudden flash in the dark ness to the tight, a shot, and a aoatitnring volley. Guy Langley threw np tfsjuans wiiiL, a cry, and as the startled, hone jswerved acrasf the road he fell with a. dull thud upon the mow. Oi? of the (war** horses wasabot, and fell under his rider. There was a w~?* of confusion; but the Sikhs, though careless, were good soldiers, and two or three of them, led fay young Atar Singh, dafthed toward* the. low wall from which the shots bad come. They were just is time to see four men win ning across a bit of broken ground towards ay deep i water-out, fringed with poplars. . . . The bullet, fired from behind turn, had gone in under the left shoulder and passed out through the ohesfa. They *rtmwWi the blood as best they could, and one of them galloped on to overtake the regiment, which on the other side of the ridge bar] heard nothing of the shots. Bat tie Sikhs knew itins useless; no help oonld save him now. He was borne sadly back to theoantonnMOt, and hud on the bed In his tent, The Tniiim t?^fl had come in that day, and several letters from Helen were on the camp table by his side. There was also one from Roland asS one from his mother. She had given way aft las* and had written in words of pawnnntte love and anxiety. He was buried next day in die desolate cemetery at the wertern cod of the cantonment, ?mrmg the lopped stems of the willow trees. As the little party of hi* countrymen in their wotn fighting clothes stood a by the open grave the sun was shining and the sky was blue, and the great oiroleaf mountains around them glittered in a h«^?V"p garment of new-fallen enow. There they left him lying, his bright faos very calm and peace ful and his brave young heart for ever stall. " God net our English dead!" Mrs. Oliphant is onoa said to have boasted of ber ability to write a whole number of BUuhaood's Magazine and defy any one to deteotherhand. HervenatilityandappUoation have been shown in almost every department of literature—novel-writing, history, biography, audontacism. Her fiat novel was written in 1849, and her pen is still as virile as ever. Scarcely a year, indeed, has passed mnoe then unmarked by some production from Mrs. Oliphanfs fertile brain, whether it be a novel, a biography like that of Edward Irving or Tulloch, or some valuable miscel laneous work like the "Literary History of England." In the preface to her latest novel, "The Heir Presumptive and the Heir Appa rent," Mrs. Oliphant somewhat resents the prominence given by her critics to bet industry — 'T* quality so excellent! in morals, bo little satisfactory in art." But to do Mrs. Oliphant justice, her work is never slovenly—speed is not attained at the cost of finish. Her latest book possesses many pi her attractive qualities of style, and is a fair specimen of her power of characterisa tion. Letitia Pryco, resolute, mean, violent, and inordinately selfish, is one of the author's most repulsive creations. By a sort of hypnotic power she subdues the mind of *fl? gentle sensitive Mary Hill to her own. The two were echoolfeUows, and Mazy becomes dependent on her strong-willed oross-graibed friend, in whose wealthy house she is glad to fill a menial office. When Mary captivates the elderly earl, to whose title and estate Letitia's own son is heir-presumptive, the poor meek little bride-elect oowers before the curse hurled at her by the infuriated mother. The seeds of mad mas are planted in ber brain by the cruel treatment of Letitia, and when after gentle Mary beoome?aoaanteas,a«uikl. —the heir- apparent—is horn the unhappy mother has lost her reason. The story, how- ■ erer, end* happily; the cloud suddenly passes . away from Mary's intellect, and she lives to see the anooes?ion of her son to the tide. Slow wflfed John Pcyoa, poarteotn Lord Frogmore, ana nlre.Eryoe\hcihman brother are^ffedive 