SPORTING Whitton Turf Club Races. By "Augur's Ghost" The second annual race meeting of the above club came off on Friday last, but, I am afraid the club will have a balance on the wrong side of the ledger over it. The weather was not at all suitable for outdoor amusement, being oppressively hot. The going, though, was in splendid order. The attendance was wery good considering that most of the settlers were getting in their crops, and that the meeting not falling on a holiday prevented a lot from putting in an appearance. The entries for the minor events were even worse than for the principal ones ; and as a result, the racing was not so good as it might have been. The officials worked with a will, ailtt loft no stone untamed to mafca the meetiag a success. Mr A. L. Cooper, as judge, ?ravel to Via the right man iq the right pU*». Although Mr M'Lachlan did on two occasions 1st the horses away to in different starts, the ' weildimg' on the whole may be termed creditable. Mr New man bad charge of the scales, and be ' weighed in ' satisfactorily. Mr Jolly as dark vt the course, did his work well. Last but in no wise leaat, the h»n. sec , Mr Brew, perfonnod his dmiy ia a manner that would Lave reflected credit ou a veteran at the 'gam*. The boakmak«rs were well repre sented, the* principal ones being Messrs FoUv. Thnimasand Heuntoo. The ' sniel ing and joint,' fraternity were in streng or der, ami seemed to do a fair business, ' the ?arse' man perhaps doing the best. It; cannot he aid ihat the races were up to time, the first race being over an hour be hind tmr. The pnb'ican's booth was in the hands of Mr T. M'Lachlan, and he and his attendants were kept quite busy. The ball was set rolUn; with the Maiden Plate, for which only two tacei the starter, Postman and laurel. The former was made a 6 tol on favoritw.and justified the confidence reposed ia him br winning easily. Xa the second race, the Selling, another 5 to 1 on favorite got home ia Eimberley, although Laurel, who was second, could have got there, if the jookey hod wished it. The stewards promptly h«ld an inquiry, with the rosolttliat boras and rider ware shelved ior twelve months. The owner of Wyena was also called before the stewards, but his eiptana tion was deemed satisfactory. The principal event of the day— the Whitton Turf Club Handicap — only attracted fonr starters, Ebor Goldpieoe, Signal and Ouida, the former be ing tented with the bullion of the public, ?while Signal was next in the demand. The books again bad the worst of the deal, as the public romped in. Tho proverbial two ?addled up for the Members Race, which proved a good thing for Sharpshooter, but a protest was lodged, and the race swarded to Timbrel. The nominator of Sharpshooter gave notice of appeal, and the stakes har« not been paid over. The race of the day came next — the Flying Handicap — for which six sported silk. Ebor was deemed the pick of the packet, with Sharpshooter and Postman next in demand, but the old veteran, Sharpshooter, running as game as a pebble, won a splendid race by a half a lengih. Oat of sir started for the Hack Race, Music was voted a ' good thing,' which it proved to be by winning {easily. The last race on the programme — tho Consolation Stakes — fell through. ^^ThXfcil3wiojr are the results ; — MAIDEN PLATE. Qf6sovs. Weight forage,' Time -quarters of a mile.. \ A. M. Bean's ch g P&sthoy;, Gyrs, 9st (including lib ovtr) (A. Brewer)... 1 W. R. Honey's b m Laurel, Syrs, Oat Sib (including 91bs over) (Anderson)... 2 Betting : 5 to 1 on Postbojt, 2 to 1 against Laurel . \ Both horses got away to a fair start, but before thfy had trawrsed a couple of fur longs the cha-tnut went to tbs front, and was \-- never headed, winning coriifortabTy by a, length and a half. Time, 2 min lsec. ? 8EUJSG SACS. Of 8 aovs. Winner la be sold for 8 sots ?orpins (if any) to go to the club's fiu.de. - 6 iurlongs. W. Burgrash's ch g Kiuiberlev, aged, 8st ; 13lb ... .,. ... p ... 1 . K. C. A. Cnmming's g' m Wyena, aged, 8stl01b '?? ... ? 2 Betting: 5 to 1 on Kimberley, 2 to 1 X&nrel;, 4 to 1 Wyena.' : When the flag droppei Kimberley jumped ' to the front, and before the others mad* a more hid covered fully 20 lengths. Laurel 3 moved up to., the leader about, three fur :. longs fro* home, and it looked as if she was Ifomg to/ilown the favorige ; but Anderson, -,w«a tainted Laurel, did not seem anriona tn luare ajsay is tho finish, and he Sad 'a good ?goW^fithe racer, w hen, they turned into ig3-Kstrafght, Kimberley had a length's '-Jsavaijtaje, and, being- ridden out, wan' by jialf auength from Laurel, (Vyena a bad .'J&ird.; Laurel , and her rider were ^disqualified for 12 months. 'E.J. Cummings '?'?Wst Also called up to account for' the JUnntngof Wyena, but his exphuiation was -^deemedsatiBfactory. ' ' whitton row club handicap . Of SO sots,, with a sweep of 10s from starters * to go to second horse, ij mile. It W. Brewer's b e Ebor, 6ynj, Sat 101b (A. Brewer) ... .,.- ... l W.Esler9* ch g Signal, 6yrs, Get 101b \- (earned 1st 4lb over) (Duthie) ... 2 B. Ltukie'a ch m Goldpiece, Syrs, 8t 21b .'- {carried 21b over) (G. M'Kenna) ... 3 E. R. Honey's g m Ouida,' aged, 7st 51b :. icaniod 101b over) (F. Stanmore) 0 .. Betting ; 3 to I on Ebor, 2 tol agst Signal, .3 to J43oidpiece and Ouida. £ Tbeleldifet away to a good start, Gold T-l«oe wtxinoe taking up the running, and was ftbtlong In esteblishing a length lead. The rorjjarlnwbioh they passed tbe judge's box was -?^VWeoe, Signid, Ebor and Ouida last. Tmi pilrr was maintained for about five S|oTloiiSv3to«!Ebor ranjnhrtg second Uaos. 4t thefetk_o^tb?t5ars?the son of Robert-the-Devil gJFon terms with Gold pieire, who «eemed'to be tiring. When a nileliad bften triveraed DntbJe shook up. minal,-|riioj)a*sedaol(ipie-je, and made an effort to g« on' tarniS with Ebor, but the -lattar'oamejdong full of running, ^nd won 'Jtm&r;'by a length and a naif, the same die flm» between sosond and third. Ouida |m as whlpper (n the whole of the way. Ifmt, jMn. aweoi, . m ?'. ????..?? , *RMBEKa' RACE. ^?OfBjlSvi. OnemUe. Weight for age. iSFfS. Xiktohford'f ne blk« Sharpshooter, 4.. «g«ai8iitl81b(l-nSile)... ... 1 JVU»Lw)h]aJi'« hh Tunbrel/aged, flat lib W: -!|'K«iin«) ... ... _ 2 ^ettiisf :~9U- I on Sharpshooter. ;. -Only fcwp «ttrted. Sharpshooter went to «w front '«^y the fall of the Sag, and was never haadnd. A protest was entered Jfealnst flnirpshootor, and Timbrel was ?ivr^fy1 rosuro handicap. Ml^A'yOf 10 «ovs. 6 furlongs. ^3itSau«derson'i bit g Sharpshooter, £^ii3l,«st.l01b (Diithie) ? 1 MLnqWs oh m Ooldpiece, 6yrs, 8st 41b fflJ^Snr1il»-g Ebor, 6rr», 8st J21b ^afpEtertsr* ; postman, 6st 111b ; titer WmtiiBgf^JJSMoT, 3 to ISharpshooter, ^S^;^a'apTendid start, of which Gold. iSpfMStariigut *eire quickest on their i^ifeh they ^ot fairly under way, the WBtiSmmffi Fostman was seen to shoot |g3i»SP*--fo» two furlongs had been ?K^^SiwiMenbaok *gain. When, ^^pttnfialbi turn for home, Sharp. ?^#f'»f.«a Eborall looked to ^?^HgtyhjMKtfraitihelr mount* in ^^^n|^HHKm-onu«U Sharp piece and Ebor in thaUonibr. They raced almost neck and neck up the straight, a/ad the old veteran, cleverly ridden by Duthie, was landed s winner by half a length.. Ti^ne, luiin. 20 sees. A protest was entered against the winner for not being nominated* in the owner's name, but was disallowed. HACK RAGE. Of 4 sovd. 0 furlongs. E. J. Cumming's g in Music ... ... 1 Other starters : Jaok, Kangaroo, Nimrod, Amber and Clifton. Won easily. The Consolation Stakes fell through.' Before the settling on Saturday morning tho protests were considered. The one against Sharpshooter in the Members' Race was upheld, and the race awarded to Tim brel ; but the one against the same horse for not being nominated in the owner's name was dismissed. The settling past off satisfactorily at Alty's (Tattersall's) Royal Hotel. 