XETEOFOLITAH KEMORAJTOA. \- [Br ArroiTona.] * . "1 Buppn-op of neniiUHil taUtM." Mr. Willcox has made up hi» mind to giro t ball, bat, unless be intends to spend more than £500 orer it, pretty general disappoint ment will ensae. It ii the usual thing to ask firm 1200 to 2000 people, and when he gave hie great danee at the Bxhibition Mr.Cohen largely exceeded! the latter number. Itoosts quite lSe. each to properly ! entertain - the guests on an occasion of this kind,, so tliat either the number must be greatly curtailed or they most be treated eery economically , if Mr. Willcox is determined to get throngb with the amonnt stated. Hie proposal to gire a sum to the unemployed fond instead of holding the usual hall has won the approval of many folk who know nothing of the facts of the case. -The City Council votes >£1000 each year as a msvoral allowance for the entertainment of citizens and of distinguished visitors. It wonld be earning praise at the expense of the Corporation for Mr. Willcox to act in the manner suggested. If he wishes to gire a donation to the unemployed fund and to earn the reward which comes from charity the money should come from hiB own'pocket and not from the coffers of the Council. If the civic fathers had been foolish- enough to give their advice in favor of the proposal to hand over £500 to the poor of the city Mr. Willcox would have had quite a comfortable margin of profit on the year together with much cheaply-bought kudos. It is very amusing to read of parsons condemning the waste of tboney on finery, and the. sraallness of the amount given in charity. .It reminds: one of the mourning of Judas -over thei alabaster box of ointment and the .rebuke: he received. It is no uncommon thing to'-see the name of a person on a committee'-op-; pointed to -persuade others to give money-ifer religious and- charitable purposes, but -Strsis precious seldom that one sees their names-in a subscription-list. Trumpeters don't fight, let some of the -parsons of Adelaide draw, salaries very much larger than: the average amonnt received by members of their con gregations, while two-thirds of their time is leisure. Talking .about parsons reminds me that Mr. Colin Campbell, who was so popular while "he occupied the post of private secretary to Lord Kintore, has been ordained deacon by the Bishop of Worcester (Dr. JPerowne) and is now curate of Hartlebury. His lines will probably be cast in pleasant places, for the friends of the aristocracy can generally manage to secure decent parishes and com fortable salaries. Mr. Campbell is a thor oughly-cultivated gentleman, and he is always so courteooB and so willing to do good, where it is in his power, that he is likely to become very, valuable to whatever incumbency he may ultimately be presented. It is the bnaihess'of Major An struther-Thomson, who was with Mr. Campbell in Adelaide, to kill the bodies of men, but he is likely to get leas practice at this work than hie late coadjutor will in the saving of aonls. Mr. Gatt got back to the post of Chairman of Committees without any tronble, although for a time everybody in the eeorets of the' Cabinet was of opinion that. the. influence of the Ministry would be given-to secure the election of Mr. Grainger. During the latter part of last session Mr. Catt was very weak in the chair, and he was responsible for the most serious scene which was witnessed in the House. It may be confidently expected that he will be firmer and more dignified in future, and in that case he will have a lease of the position, although I do not snppose that lie wonld ever, under any circumstances, be promoted to the Speakership. However, Mr. Cole* is too comfortable in that office to make it worth while to talk of a successor just at present. I suppose he will he knighted pretty soon despite the failure which followed the decoration of Speaker Matthew Duvies in Victoria. It will need some blindnese to the fitness of things to cause the affixing of a star upon the broad breast of Thomas Bent, hut as Mr. Coles is his senior that difficulty need not interfere with his chances. Von will remember that in connection with his last election to the Legislative Council Mr. Tomkinson instituted a prosecution- for criminal libel against Mr. George L. Barrow, of the now defunct South Australian Times, and that as a result that gentleman was sent to gaol for six months.. The latest news is to the effect that an action is pending against a writer in the South-Eastern Star who has recklessly taken the name of Mr. Tomkinson in vain. A politician should not be thin skinned, and, while there are' other means - of refuting'fialumhies, it is certainly unwise-to have recourse to the law, at least just before an election at which he hopes to' be returned. Before the last libel- action was begun Mr. Tomkinson had safely come through the ordeal of the ballot, and so there was- no risk of offending the defendant or his friends to such an extent as to prejudice the result of the polling. Did you ever notice "in reading the reports of the meetings of charitable societies in. the papers how often the same names Tecur on the executive? Did you ever notice, too, how seldom it is that a donation in cash from any of those gentlemen is ever acknowledged in any inbscription-list ? Time is money, and they evidently imagine that their valnsble leisure coupled with their invaluable advice are more thau equal to the good sovereigns of outsiders. Once more it is a case of "Trumpeters don't fight." It trill be a ecandalouB thing if the people of South Australia sit supine and allow fire ignorant blacks to be banged in the Territory simply because they bare neither friends nor votes, while a white murderer Ib allowed to •in with impunity. In all probability had the Downer Government- stopped in office Page would hare been seen to swing at the end of a string with his neck in a noose. Then the assassination of the colored quintette at Port Darwin would not hare seemed so cold-bloodedly unjust. Mr. Kingston is said to hare modestly stood out from the con sideration of the death sentence when the matter was before the Executive, so that there will be a black ghost apiece to for ever haunt the1 dreams of each other member of the Oabiuet. If the prerogative of mercy bad been rested in the Governor, who at least is free from ail political influence, this in famous miscarriage of justice would never, have' taken' place. I did not think Dr. Gockbnrn, Mr. Gillen, and Mr. Gordon could have been so lacking in the sense of - what is fair and right as to snatch the rope from the neck of the deliberate and cold-blooded white murderer while they tightened it ronnd the throats of the aboriginals who merely followed the dictates of their nature in the crimes they committed. -Bodney Spenoer, a white man with all the benefits which civili zation is supposed to confer, not long ago got two niggers to hold a third while he put a bullet through his head. A squeamish Sonth Australian Government let Spender off, and what conception will the natives have of white justice when their brethren.-are hanged for deeds which in the superior pale faces are passed' by with, . comparatively no notice ? Shooting patties of whites are not infrequently made up to revenge the loss of a bullock or the robbery of a few pounds' worth of store's, and these hunters are never very particular whether they shoot the real culprit or someone else so long as a fair proportion of- black game falls to their guns. Why then should the aboriginal be unduly blamed if in return for some terrible wrong done by a white man he makes away with the first of the race who falls into his power? Beside the criminal Page these. Northern Territory murderers, swarthy as are their skins, are white-sonled angels. And yet the Kingston Government, so tender-hearted in the case of Page, are as flinty as Herod in respect to the prisoners who are unfortunate enough to lack influence and political friends. The Assembly began this week in a very exemplary fashion, for in the first afternoon it got right through the Progressive Succession Duties Bill, which has always created a large amount of talk in the past. Mere ohatteres to be abolished, and work is to be the characteristic of the session, is the enthnsiastic boast of the new members, hut I fear there will be weariness in well-doiug ere long. I hope not. If it had not been for the persistent opposition of Mr. Ash and the many divisions for which he was responsible it is probable that even more rapid advance would have been made with the - public business, but perhaps it is as well that lie insisted npon keeping the brake on. The Batter Bonus Bill lias been introduced, but it is not popular wilh the labor members and is likely to be subjected to considerable opposition. Protection and taxation are generally treated in exactly opposite ways. We always wish to give ourselves ail the protection, while we generously bestow all the taxation on the other fellow. The workers of the city, if they expect to receive the help of country producers, must be content - to grant some encouragement to (he letter class. It is as necessary to have a bonus on bntter to help in building up ah export trade as it is to have a customs duty on boots to assist in foateringmanufacturee -within- the:"colony. However, butteris looked upon as & necessary of life—It certainly is pot so to me-^and, ae it ie urged khat; thYbdnus ;willv increase . its eostin the leal'market,, the labor members decline * to consent to its concession. Dr. Cockburn "protests that the" effeet of the bonds will be to lessen the selling price of batter in South Australia, and there are 'so many dairy factories in your neighborhood that he ought to be an authority on this subject. \- The Governor is away on his-travels again, and/ If Mr. Chaffey Baker is to be believed, the silken bonds "which unite -ub to the mother-country must consequently be slack just at present. It would, however, lie very difficult to discover a stronger Imperialist than Mr. Way, on whose shoidder the govern ment falls, and is to fall, in the absence of Lord Kintore. The only drawback of his| incumbency, supposing he receives the perma nent appointment when our present' Governor departs, will be that he will find it difficult to keep a straight back in the presence of visiting vice-regalities from theother colonies. He wiil then be.as good a man, officially, as -the putative rulers of the other provinces, but he has grown so used to carry their carpet bags and to pay them other little attentions of that kind that he will be in danger of forgetting the dignity which should attach to Ilbe "Governor of South Australia: It is rather mead of Mr. Grainger-to try to cut down Mr. Way to a paltry £2000 a-year in the event of bis accepting the governorship. -A-prophet is not without honor save in his own country. ' If a man of less mental calibre than Mr. Way were sent from beyond the pea to fill Lord Kin tore's place even Mr. Grainger would not suggest such a" drastic reduction of his salary. IE greater responsibilities and : heavier expenses are heaped upon Mr. Way "he should receiVe at least some financial con sideration, ;A7aaving of £4000 in the dual offiftsYof Gofefnor and Chief Justice ought to satisfy even Mn~ Grainger. Last session he grayed for ad epidemic which, by carrying off =a few Wealthy men/might: increase the probate, iapd auedession"* duties ' received by the Treasurer, -r Edw in the interests of retrench. -menthe wfib probably pray for the decease of -some' highly-paid Civil servants. .Resident engineers are marked for destruction by some reformers, whose eyes are also turned to the large salaries, comfortable houses, and light duties of country postmasters, railway station masters, and police troopers. Every man in the Civil Service who is not fairly earning his salary has cause to tremble just now, for the need of economy is great and the desire to effect it in this direction is greater. Messrs. John Mpole and T. L. Solomon aspire to the joint leadership of the Opposi ' tion. - Both are able and wily, but at present they must be content to play a waiting game. 