OPENING OF THE REDEMPTORIST CHURCH AND MONASTERY. AN IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY. The recently erected church of the Redemptorist Fathers, together with the monastery at Wendouree, was opened and solemnly blessed by the bishop yesterday afternoon, in the presence nf a large congre gation. During this impressivo ceremony, and before the sermon, a proc»»aion was formed, composed of tho cross bearer and acolytes and the fathers of the community ns follow:—The Very Res. Father Vaughan, head of the order in Australiii; the Rev. Father O'Farrel 1 , and the R-vs, Fathers Fidgeon, Burton, Cleary, and Hanson. The monastery having been blessed, the solemn procession passed round tho church, the choir meanwhile singing “ Miserero ” uud the solemn litanies nf the Sanctus. The Rev. Prior Butler preached an «lo> quent sermon from Ephesians iv., 4 and 5 The Apostle Paul, the preacher remarked, told them that Christ camo into the world to Bave men and tn be the instrument of man’s salvation; and further, lie said that Christ died for the church, cleansing her, tn present her to himself a ginrinuß church, without spot or wrinkle, and pure and unspotted. This was the" picture presented to us by the Apostle Paul —tho church the spouse of Christ, sanctified and cleansed in tho blood through tile agency of which men were to be saved to.the eud of the world. Therefore the church was tn he as God, viz., one—one Lord, one faith and one baptism. Here then were the words of the apoßtle inculcated in the Ephesians, the Romans and the Corin thians, and to all else tn whom he preached the Gcspel. And if Christdid establish upon earth a church, that Church nf His must bear impressed upon it the handiwork of the institutin' of it, viz.—God. If it were a man who had instituted the church, or anybody of men, that church must bear upon ite facß the ( impress nf man’s work, must be defective and must be wanting in many things. Coining, however, from the hand of God it must bs perfect, because all the works of God were” perfect, and were.all bound in unity together. No matter bow diverso in some respects, there runs through the whole a unity of design, signifying that they cams from one man, oue being, aud nne intelligence —tbe Suprotne., The rev. prior then pro ceeded to draw illustrations from the world of science, pointing nut as one instance the commencement and reversion of all mathe matics to one Bign—the point. When we moved higher and came to man we found the same unity and agreement nf parts, that although eacli had various powers and faculties—the memory, will and understanding—there was but one soul and one spirit. If ha went higher to the nng»ls and even'' higher still—to the Divine being himself—the same characteristic ruled. God wbb essentially truth and hence that which was most opposed tn him was error, for there could be uo reconcilement between God and error. A lie wns intrinsically opposed to the Divine essence, hecausn tbe truth is God, mid all truth has its centre in God alone. It wan as utterly impossible to have two churches as it would bs to have two. Gndß and two baptisms. Therefore, as Christ had established upon earth a Church, mid as Paul told them in ' the text that that church had but one faith he would consider in what that unity of the church consisted. Unity meant a unity of faith. The preacher spoke at' length on the necessity of an ill terpretation of the Holy Ghost ns given to the Apoßtles—the ' authorised teachers of Jesus Christ—the message they received they delivered. One faith was given by the apostles of the church that wbb to continue for all time—even to the consummation of the world. “ Behold lam witli you always, even to the end of the world.” And if it were necessary for the people at tile time of the Apostles to have this spoken and taught to them, and that they should have an infallible interpreter, it was equally as important that wo should have the trutli taught to ub to-day by an infallible authority. Secondly, tile band of union existed in the cultus or religions exercise, as the necessary means for man’s Banctification could not vary by the ages, but must be the same to-day us a thousand years ego—everywhere and at all times. Referring, further, to the charac teristics of the true church, the rev. gentle man remarked that there was only one—the Catholic Church—who did not vary doctrine, for the spirit within her was the holy one. After reference to the work of Alphonsus Liguori, the founder of the sainted institute, aportiou of which had been planted tliei* that day, the preacher remarked that the beautiful though temporary church they had bleßsed that day was another link in the Catholic Church, and another proof of its vitality and unity. He referred to the manner in which the architect had done his duty, aud concluded by offering his deepest congratulations and blessing for the pros perity and success nf the noble institution— an additional proof, as it was, nf thn faith and the lore of the people. May the God nf their fathers bless them and increase that faith aud charity, so prolific of good works up tn that hour. At the conclusion of the sermon, tho bishop addressed- the large congregation present, and expressed the pleasure and satisfaction lie and they felt at being present at the beautiful ceremony nf that day, and of listening tn the eloquent sermon of Prior Butler. He (tho bishop) had just consecrated to God and blessed the monaatery and chapel of the Redemptnrißt Fathers. He might say that ever since the first mission the fathers held in Ballarat it had been bis anxious desire that a branch of the admirable order founded by St. Alphonsus should be established in this dinceße. Thanks be to God his wishes had been realised. The fathers have now, after five years’ residence amongst them, erected this monastery and chapel tn the honor and glory of God, a building which will stand as a monument to Catholicity to future generations. Five years ago no one would have thought, who had then seen the sitp, that in so short a time such a noble building would have been erected, and the place transformed into the beautiful grounds they now beheld. The monastery would be another addition tn the architectural beauties of the oity and be a land mark all round the country. Ilut it was not alone the material edifice which they had erected that claimed their regard. The spiritual edifice claimed it still more. The various missions which the fathers have held in every part of this diocese hud been tile means of conferring inestima ble spiritual blessings upon the people. These iniesions have brought the consolations of religion into many a home and restored pence end comfort to many a troubled family. Thn Redemplorist Fathers had, therefore, a claim on the generosity of the Catholics of the diocese. As chief paßtor he could say tlmt there was a deep debt nf gratitude.duo to the fathere, whioh ho trUßted he would repay by and by. Dr Moore conoluded by expressing a hope that all present would slmw their appreciation nf the labors of the fathers by contributing nut of the means whioh God had blessed them, towards the building and thus enable the fathers to meet the responsibilities they had incurred in the erection of the building. Father O'Farrell said that the fathers were most grateful for the liberal donations of the Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Moore. The bishop's own subscription, together witli thn land lie haii given tn the fathers, amounted tn £l4OO. He could assure them that there was no bishop in Australia who had given eo munficentiy bb his Inrdshin. He also mentioned that altogether £13,000 had been epent on the monastery and grounds, only £6500 of which remained as a debt. He wished to make a second appeal to them. Donations nf £35 from the bishop, £lOO from a lady of Hie Western part nf the diocese, £9O from a Prnteßtßnt relative of Father Hansen, and £l5O, with a promise of £l5O in another three mouths, from a rela tive of Father Bsrghmau, together with many lesser sums, were then acknowledged. The collections take” up that day amounted to no less than £673 12s including many substantial amounts from leading citizens, including those nf other denominations. The benediction of tho blessed saorament followed, the bishop officiating, assisted bv the Rev. Father Hegsrty, C 35. R., sg deacon, the Rev. Father Bingham, C.SS.R., as sub- deacon, and the Rev. Fathers Hunt and Maguire as masters of oeremnnies, Mr J. W. Burton effectively rendered the solo part, “ O Salutaris,” and, together with Mr Lake, also took part in Rossi’s “Tautum ergo.” The service was a moat impressive one. 