The Story of Hogan's Blooming Ghost. Many strong words and expressions which cornc into our language are worked to death and die out. It would be interesting to know who first used that now characteristically colonial adjcctivc " blooming." After years of bard service it remains a pet adjective ail over the continent. It is a flowery kind of word; and if not so inocuous as "awfully," is certainly not so objectionable. The great point in its favour is its extreme adaptability. It can be applied to things spiritual, to things temporal, to things holy and unholy, to pain, to relief, to joy, to sorrow, to life to death, to royalty-and to ruin. So mod) for bloominfoi bloomW. Now for the ghost. Jerry Hogan was a timbergetter on the Richmond Hivcr years aso, in the employ of an individual known ns Willie Jimmic Jimmie, who was tbe proprietor of a saw-mill at Whitewall. The father of VV. J. J. was christened James James ; but the wag of the township re-named that surprisingly bonest individual, "Jimmic Jimmic," hence the phenomenally upright son came to be known uot as William James James, but as Willie Jimmie Jimmie. Jerry Hogan was one of the quickest men on tbe river. He could swim and dive like an otter; but he couldn't fight for sour apples-as the mill bands put it. The bully of the township was Dill Black, who always carried a boxing manual in one of his coat pockets. I think the ostentatiously-exhibited and often rcferrcd-to manual helped largely to build np Black's fame as a fighter. When Black fell bis defeat was attributed to the fact that tbe bank manager who upset bis (Black's) apple cart did not give him time to consult bis J'tide Mccitm. Black was great atdrubbing drunken men ; many bullies have been similarly great. One day, after receiving pay for a lot of beech and teak (called tick on the river), Hogan " shouted " for a barful of acquaint ances in the Sawyer's Best. Black strolled into tbe pub. just in time to see tbe last glass emptied. " I'm in this lot, aint IF" be queried in a tone that expressed complete confidence. " Yer a bit too late," answered Hogan. " Toa In-ate 1 Well, I'm jiggered if that aint good." " Yes, too late, three late, if you like," said Hogau, who was an incorrigible punster. " Aint yer goin' ter about ? " No-I'll be hanged if I do." " By the Hokey-Pokey I'll belt the hide off yer if yer don't. I'll chuck yer in the bloomin' river." " Mind yer don't come with me. I'll drown yer if yer do," said Hogan ; and be walked out of the pub. and up past the police-station, which was annoyingly close. Black followed. A few strides brought Black level with Hogan. " Bay, if yer don't shout I'll cbock yer in the river." "Chuck then-and chuck for all yer worth. I've got full np of yon." Black gripped tbe non-sbouter by tbe waist. There was a rough-and-tumble wrestle for a few seconds. Hogan slipped on a tussock of grass, swayed and fell. Before he could recover himself Black pushed him into tbe river, which ran within five or six yards of tLe police-station and the post-office. Hogan sank like a stone. Tbe crowd rushed to the edge of tbe bank, which rose steeply from the water. They expected to see Hogan's bead every second, because of hiB well-known swimming and diving powers. Ten seconds passed-twenty seconds thirty second*, but no head appeared. "Jerry's havin' a bloomin' lark. He's tryin' ter see bow long he can stay under," suggested Tommy the Ferryman. Forty seconds-a minute, but no signs of Hogan. " He's struok bis bead agin that old ballast heap of tbe Jessie Matilda's," said Jimmie Little, who palled eff his coat and vest. Here goes after him !" and Jimmie jumped in feet foremost, fearing tbe ballast beap. Seven times Jimmie dived-without success. Grappling irons were procured and used unavailing!/. One of tbe troopers returned about sun down for provisions. He beard tbe news, and be attempted to arrest Black for wilful murder. " How do yon know Hogan's dead? queried tbe cunning bully. " By gum." replied the trooper, " I didn't tliinl; of llii.t," -When ; er ]>ordooiv tbe dcM.J liudv I'll give lueself up-nut l>: lore. For three days the river was draper!, but the only reward was :t collection of small logs, 6tray fishing lines, bags, &c.; Blake made no attempt to clear out. "Wat's tiie bloomin' usei" he 6aid to a friend, " I'd be copped sooner or later." On tbe fourth night after Hogan'sdisappear ance Black rushed into tbe bar of tbe Stur Hotel-his face deathly pale, his eyes starting out of bis bend. " You look as if you'd bad a fright," said Harry the Dutchy. " Fra-fr.i-fright! I just seen Hogan's bloomin' ghost." " Where f" " Just near Duke's mill." " Bosh!" '? It aint bosh. Ga-give us a glass of rum." All hands had a drink, and then started out to look for tbe ghost, but they only found an old cow meandering about, and she did'nt seem at all ghost-scared. **#*### Tbe ghost led BUck a terrible life for three horrible weeks. It knocked bim up at his gunyah twice ; it upbraided bim at Bingle Creek bridge ; it met him in various places and murdered his 6leep. At last Black wouldn't stir out after dark without a mate. Tony Muston volunteered to camp in his gunyah with him, but the ghost turned up oftener than ever. Biack suffered terribly. The sighing of the land breeze rushing out to sea through tbe cypress pines, the creek of a door, tbe melan choly wail of the curlews, the mournful note of the plover, the cracking of a stick gave hint a shivering fit at night. He began to drink very heavily, and consequently got the sack (called the three-bushel bag on the river) from tbe mill. He would not live in his gunyah any longer, and persuaded Tony Huston to take a double room with him in the Star Hotel. The gboBt met him twice on the staircase-the light which Muston was carrying went out just before each meeting. " You ought to get a revolver, as I said at first," said Aluston. " Vcr ought to get a grandmother. Wot's the use of sbootin' at a bloomin' ghost?" replied Black. .' Very well, I'll borrow a barker ; then we'll have a pot shot, and see how the ghost likes it." _ Muston and Black kept a candle alight all night in their room, yet the ghost appeared three times in that room, and on each occasion the candle went out. On tbe third visit Mnston's revolver snapped, snapped, then went off twice, snapped, and the ghost approached Black's bed-tbe beds were side by side-and Black collapsed. Bum and the other spirits had unhinged Black's mind. In the morning Black took the revolver, while Muston was ont catching his horse, went into the stable and shot himself. On the dressing-table in his and Muston's room a note was found. It was a short unsteady scrawl: " Nitr nHtf day the goant newer leaves me. D the Itlooimii1 goast-W. BLACK.' ' Of course there was an inquest. Tbe suicide was attributed to temporary insanity. Two days afterwards Tony Muston left the river in tbe Platypus. Years afterwards I met him in Bourke. He told me the following story in answer to my many questions: " When Jerry Hogan fell in the river an idea struck him as he struck the water. He swam under the water to the bank boat-shed, which was only a ten yards swim. You re member tbeshed was cutout of tbe steep bank and roofed with bard wood. The tide was high. Jerry felt bis way along tbe stone wall, and when he came to the opening he scooted inside and hid himself up in a corner behind an old boat. Now, the trooper and I searched tbe boathouse. I looked behind the old boat, and there was my noble. He put his finger to bis mouth. I didn't know why be wanted me to say nothing ; but I was bis cbum, and I held my peace. About two in the morning be stole up to my hut. He told me that be would play tbe ghost on Black and frighten nine years' growth out of him. I agreed, as I had no love for Black. We didn't mean to drive tbe poor beggar to his death. I made Hogan a sort of white calico shroud, and faked him up whenever be wanted to play tbe ghost; and I put him up to Black's whereabouts at night. You remember that my but was only half- ceilinged. On that half Hogan camped, I got tired of the circus after a fortnight, but Jerry would have three weeks of it. I always knew when he was going to frighten Black. His third visit to tbe double bedroom at tbe pub. was to be bis last. It was. Hogan meant to dcclare himself on tbe following morning. On that morning Black shot himself. If you remember, the old Platypus-what a tub he was-came down late on the Thursday night after tbe inquest. I clean-shaved Jerry, and he slipped on board. After a while I followed. We both went to Sydney. Nobody recognised Jerry. lie was altered altogether. He was never the same after Black's death. He couldn't sleep at night. Rome months afterwards, when we were in Wagga Wagga he shot himself. He had often said that life was unbearable; but I hoped his melancholy would wear off. He left a letter for me. I opened it and found one line, "J) the bloomin' ghost." Black's words exactly." " Well, about yourself ?" "Oh, it didn't trouble me much. Black was a skunk and not fit to live. I was sorry for poor old Jerry." ***.*.. To-day we often hear on northern riven the expression," Hogan's bloomin' ghost!" Now you know the stoiy. 