THE English cablegrams gave a vivid account of the exciting scenes that took place in the British House of Commons on the occasion of the passing of the second reading of the Home Rule Bill. According to the division list 651 out of a House of 6,70 members either voted or paired on the question. The fact of so large a proportion of the. members congregating within the walls of the old historic . Chamber brings forcibly to mind the peculiar fact that although Great Britain is the richest and most powerful nation on the globe, she is one of the very few who have not provided sufficient accommodation with in the walls of her representative Chamber for the number of members elected. Of. the 670 members com posing the Chamber there are some 250 who have to find room in the galleries, or wherever they can secure a resting place. So it not unfrequently happens that this lack of proper accommodation leads to an unseemly scramble for seats, and several times of late years have schemes been brought forward for ex tending the Chamber, and in 1867 a commission was appointed to report on the subject. The tenor of the report was that the required alterations could not be made without necessitating the erection of a temporary edifie*, as well as interfering with the traditional aspect of:the Chimber. This put a stop to the clamour for a time, but it has again been revived by Mr C. Barry, son of Sir Chas. Barry, the designer of the Chamber, putting for ward a scheme that will give the addi tional space required, as well as placing all the seats on the floor of the House. Whatever may be the merits or demerits of the new proposal, it certainly is high time that some steps were taken to ex tend the Chamber. It is certainly a con dition of things that would not be tolerated. for a single session in these democratic colonies, and the question of expense would not even be given a second thought. The conclusion to be drawn is that John Bull clings lovingly to the traditions of the past, or that he is inclined to be more careful in his ex penditure than the average Australian. A PE?UsAL of the full text of the speech which Sir Charles Lilley delivered to a huge audience in Brisbane last week, confirms the regret we have already expressed that one who has done good service to the state did not make his retirement from the bench .the termination of his public career. The ovation tendered to Sir Charles was a splendid one, indicating that to him had come an opportunity which is presented to very few, and indeed to most public men never- The use that he made of that opportunity was sufficient to intensify the regret that such eloquence and ability would be dangerous rather than beneficial in the Legislature of his country. Sir Charles is an old man now and in recent years has had severe disappointments, but neither old age nor sorrow should blunt a sense of a high standard of political honesty and fair play, least of all should it do so in a well-balanced mind,which for some years has been actively employed in the adminis tration of justice and the maintenance of law and order. The key note of the speech of the present Premier of Queensland, as it was in the last political address of his dis tinguished predecessor,is the spirit of hope fulness; the story that Sir Charles tells is one of black despair. The candidate had no antidote to propose except that reorgan isation of society with which we had been made so familar by less gifted platform orators. The crisis in Queensland is a very serious one and we shall watch with interest the' progress of events there. It is in pom of fact a contest between law and order on the one hand, and the party of anarchy and mob rule led by Sir Charles Lilley on the other. ;THE meeting called. in response to a requisition to discuss the ward question last evening ended in a fiasco. The atten dance was only a moderate one, and out of the 40 names that appeared on the requisi tion no one deemed the matter of sufficient importance to come forward and champion its cause. This fully bears out the remarks made by us in yesterday's issue to the effect that the subject is by no means an impor tant one, and that the effort to galvanise a little life into a question that is practi cally in a comatose state was misdirected energy. Considering that so very little interest has been displayed it is almost a matter of regret that the burgesses have been put to the expense of a poll, and it is to be hoped that on Thursday the eoup de grace will be administered, and the ghost. that has disturbed the rest of a section of the community will be laid at rest. 