[?] Coburg;- — A sacred concert was given in, Holy Trinity Churoh, on Tuesday evening, July 1.1th, by the members of the choir and Mr. Lewis Thwaites (organist). The evening's proceedings, opened , with the choir singing a processional hymn, commencing with the words, ?' The Church's one foundation,' (fee, in which the audience, numbering about four hundred, joined, at the finish of which the General Confession and the Lord's Prayer were monotoned by. the Bey. J. Caton and choir.. The programme, for the evening consisted of antnems, vocal ana organ soios, au ot wmen were oi a nign ««*»» ui music,, and was carried out inisuqh a manner, as to reflect the greatest credit upon both Mr. Lewis Thwaites (organist and choirmaster) and the efficient choir under his charge. .„ Hawthorn: Christ Church.— A tea-meeting, organ recital, and concert was given by the Guild of Christ Church on July 27th, to celebrate the fifth anniversary of the Guild. Tables were provided by Mesdames Taylor, Hellicar, Westley, Hamilton, Duval, Richardson, Maine, Millar, Ridley, Lormer, Burston, Greaves, Brooks, Farrel, Gibson, and Tyrrel, and Misses Holloway, Crewe, and Bromfield. The young men of the Athletic Club decorated the schoolroom with flags and greenery, while the organist and choir provided a recital of sacred music in the church during the clearing of the tables for the concert. The latter, under the management of Miss Bromfield and Mrs. Westley, who arranged some effective tableaux (very successfully carried out), was most enjoyable, Mr. Fred Hellicar's song and Miss Olive Sisley's recitation being especially well received. At the conclusion of the concert a sale of cake, and fruit was held by Mr. Connell, which realised a good sum and everyone agreed that a most enjoyable evening had been spent, besides a substantial sum realised for the funds of the guild. Kensington.— The first social gathering of the newlyTformed ' Guild of Holy Trinity' in connection with the parish was held on the first Wednesday in July, and proyeda great success, about ninety members assembling in the schoolroom. Parlour games and other forms^ of recreation were indulged in by those present, refreshments being provided. Cards of membership were issued to all present. The two fold objects of the guild, and printed on the members cards, are — first, to advance the spiritual and temporal welfare of the parish; second, to promote and foster Christian unity and goodwill amongst the parishioners. The Incumbent, Rev. A. J. Drewett, in welcoming members for , the first time, explained the primary and ultimate objects of the movement. First, he was desirous that members of the Church should meet together from time to time for social intercourse; it was unreasonable for m embers of, one family to -be strangers to each other, and he hoped that one great good to be accomplished by the guild would be that a feeling of Christian unity and brotherly love would be created and maintained in the parish. He hoped, also, in connection with the guild, to he able to establish a number of departments; of Christian work, such. as a Visiting Committee, Flower Committee, Home and Foreign Mission Committee, -fec. A ladies' working partyin connection with the guild was already actively engaged. It was also proposed to form a Communicants' Union, hi connection with which quarterly devotional meetings would be held. The social gatherings of the guild would take place quarterly, on the first Wednesday in every quarter. A very enjoyable evening was spent by everyone, many persons who had been attending the church for years being introduced to each other for the first time, and many were the expressions of pleasure at the formation of the guild, and wishes for its future success. - The consecration of Holy Trinity Church, Kensington, took place on Friday, July 28th, in the presence of a large congregation. The ceremony commenced by a procession from the vestry to the main entrance, consisting of the Bishop of Melbourne (preceded by the pastoral staff, Rev. George Sutton, Precentor of the Cathedral, acting as staff-bearer), the Registrar of the Diocese, Mr. W. E. Morris, Revs. H. F. Scott, S. B. Scott, R.: Short, A. Toomath, and W. M'Kie. The episcopal procession was met at the church door by the Incumbent.; , of the church, the Rev. Arthur J. Drewett, holding, in his hand the petition for consecration, and attended by the Guardians of the church — Messrs. Harland, F.Durham, T. B. Hiscock— and the secretary,' Mr. D. Fallshaw, jun. The petition was handed to the Bishop, and ' read by the Registrar ; it set forth that all things necessary for Divine worship having been provided, and the ehurch being free from debt, His Lordship was requested to consecrate the same. The Bishop having signified his willingness to do so, the procession proceeded up' the main aisle of the ohurch repeating the 24th Psahn. The deeds of the church were then presented to the Bishop, who laid them, together with the petition, upon the holy table, after which followed prayers, and, the singing of the 122nd Psalm. Then special prayers were offered for those who should be baptised, confirmed, and married in the church, for communicants, hearers, and for those who shall make offerings, and for all who shall worship within its walls. Then, the whole congre gation standing, the sentence of Consecration was read by the Registrar, and signed by the Bishop, who ordered it, together with the deeds and petition, to be laid up at the Diocesan Registry. This being done, the Bishop solemnly declared the Church of Holy Trinity to be conseorated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. The actual ceremony of consecration being ended, the Incumbent said the usual service for Evening Prayer ; the Rev. W. M'Kie read the First Lesson, Rev; H. F. Scott the Second Lesson. The choir performed its portion of the service with creditable ability; spedial' psalms ;ahij 'services! yrer^rerideredj also the anthem 'I will lift up mine eyes,' the offertory sold 'If with all your heart'' being excellently sung by Mr. George Sutton, late honorary organist. Special mention deserves to be made of- the talented, manner in which Mri E. Bigby, the organist; performed his duties. The Bishop preached ap impressive sermon from the words, 'And the Canaanite was then in the land.' . : The service on Friday; the 28th, which will be long remembered by the people of Kensingtonj was followed by special servioes on Sunday, the 30th, conducted by the Incumbent, who preached in the morning oh the consecration of Solomon's Temple, and in the evening on the words, ' This is none other than the House of God, and this is the gate of Heaven.' At this service Miss. Loftus sang, m an expressive manner, the beautiful solo ' The Lord is mindful of His own.' Malvern.— The St. George's Young Men's; Society gave the second of their social gatherings for the present session on Monday evening, ''July lOth,. the Bev.'C. J. Godby presiding, when James Stirling, Esq., F.B.G.S., Assistant Government Geologist, delivered a most interest ing lecture on 'The Victorian Coal Fields: their Origin and Extent,' which was Bplendidly illustrated with limelight .views. During the evening Mrs. Stirling Eiddell (Miss Maggie Stirling) delighted the audience with a few choice songs, gaining a most enthusiastic encore. At the close of the lecture the chairman moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs. Stirling Eiddell, and to the lecturer, James Stirling, Esq., which was seconded by J. P. Clarke, Esq. 