Gold Mining in Uruguay* The latest British official report from Montevideo contains a summary of a report by the Uruguayan Inspector o£ Mines on the present condition of gold mining in that country. The mines which are at present working are but few. The chief are the Oriental and Argentina at Zapucay, Santa Barbara at Guayaberas, Peru and San Gre gorio at Corrales. Gold is extracted from many other veins and beds, but these ?work- ings are of little importance, being carried on by gold-seekers who earn a living with hand- mills. These miners, continually moving abont from place to place, are numerous, and it is not possible to ascertain the quantity of the gold which, they obtain. The works carried on I in the first two mines above mentioned are I solely for the purpose of retaining the right I to the concession, and for the preservation of the mills belonging to the company, which is not provided with, the necessary capital for developing the mine. Negotia tions, with the object of obtaining financial resources in Europe, are now being carried on. During 1892 quartz to the amount of 490 tons was extracted and crushed in. the mills at Zapucay, yielding 11,201 grammes of gold, an average of 23 grammes per ton. The Zapucay mill, which has 20 stamps, might easily have crushed the 490 tons ia 15 days instead of taking a whole year. The important work ings carried on at Santa Barbara some years ago were resumed last January. The quartz extracted at present is crushed, in the mills of the French company at Cunapiru, and yields an average of 15 grammes of gold per ton. The present proprietor has great hopes of its future, based on the yield of the mill ing of 500 tons of quartz from the mine, which has been for years in the yards of the Cunapiru mill, and gave an average of 18 grammes of gold per ton. The Peru mine belongs to the French Gold Mining Company of Uruguay, at present in liquidation, and the work carried on is merely to maintain the rights of the concession. The quartz is crushed in the company's mill at Cunapiru. On account of the failure of the French com pany tihis TniTI lay idle for many years, but resumed work at the end of last December. Since then the 30 stamps which it possesses have been working regularly, crushing quartz either for the company or for others, To the total production of 1892 it contributed 114 tons of quartz, yielding, when crushed, 948 grammes of gold. Of all the mines San Gregorio has been worked the most regularly. It may be said that it has been worked con stantly since it was opened in 1889, -when it was bought by an English company, the Gold Fields Company of Uruguay, limited. Since January, 1891, this company has confined itself almost entirely to crushing the surface quartz. During 32 months 95,945 tons of quartz were crushed, yielding 544 grammes of gold, valued at £46.808, or an average of about 9s 8d per ton. This is a poor yield, but the cost of working was low, as it -was carried on above ground. This quartz being ex hausted, a shaft was sunk in the viens at a depth of 40 metres, the point to ?which works carried on by a previous company had reached. ' This shaft is being sunk in the direction of the vein, the richness of which seems to increase as it deepens. There is thus being formed a large cavern, some 30 metres deep, 20 metres wide, and 4 metres high. From this cutting there have been extracted 12,670 tons of quartz, which yielded gold of the total value of £9148, an average of 14s per ton of quartz. The statistics show that the production was much less in 1892 than in. 1891. This is due to the paralysis of the works of several companies, which are waiting for the pass ing of the mining crisis in European mar kets, and is especially due to the production of the San Gregorio mine having diminished, owing to the exhaustion of the* surface quartz. In the underground ?working no great production can be obtained until the ?works are more advanced ; but the figures also show that if the production has de creased the richness of the quartz has aug mented considerably. Among the trees in Mr. G-eorge Lansdown's Kentgrove Orchard, near Goulburn, is a cherry tree, which Mr. Benson, the official judge in con nection with the national prize competitions, be lieves to be the largest in the world. It has a spread of considerably over 30 feet. Dr. Smith, the late editor of the Quarterly Eeview, was best known to the world as a com piler of dictionaries, but he had filled the editorial chair of the great Conservative periodical for over a quarter of a century with much success. Bis connection with it lasted up to his death. A few days before the end came for him he had gone ? through the proofs of the new number of the Quabterlt for October. Under Dr. Smith's editorship the traditions of the Quarterly in respect of the ' Tomakawk ' style of criticism were considerably modified. In the old days it had a bad pre-eminence in that respect. Especially when an unfortunate author happened to be on the Whig or radical side in polities, the Quarterly was bound to have his scalp. Its efforts in this way were cordially assisted by Blackwood's Magazine, which, in deed, was still more merciless in its onslaughts on men of letters who did not hap pen to profess the Tory creed. John Murray, the publisher of the Quarterly, was greatly amused by a rhyming squib which Tom Moore once sent him anent the truculence of the critics on the two periodicals. In this squib Moore coupled the -name of. an obscure poetaster with that of the most popular poet of the day. It began thus : Tremble ye bards of each, degree. From Byron down to Packwood, Two rods I' re got to tickle ye, The Quabxebly and Blacettood. Not Crib himself more handsomely. Your hollow noddles crack ?would, I'll fib you in the Quabteelt, Fll ruffian you in Blackwood. Idttle Clara was out with her mother taking dinner at a neighbor's hous'e, and the hostess, in an attempt to be entertaining, asked her if she liked kittens. The little miss shocked those gathered at the table by looking suspiciously at the chicken pot-pie and replying ' I dess not — dess I'd rather have cake.' Little Miss : 'I'm going to have a birthday party nest week/' Mr. Mcefellow : ' The mem bers of your family always celebrate their birth days, I believe.' little Miss: 'Yes, all but Bister. She's got so careless, she's beginnin* to skip hers.' I .Friend (after tea): 'Your little wife is a I VriTlig.T^riy Vig^rlKnTnft-HrnTTia.p- ^',T nhi-wild tJii-nV yrm I would be jealous of her. i The host (conn- I dentially) : ?' To tell the truth, SimpMns, I am. I never invite anybody here that any sane woman would take a fancy to.' 'What is the matter, landlord ? Yon seem greatly upset.' ' And for ' a very good reason, sir. In the ruins yon have just been shown over there was a. ghost that brought np a crowd of sight-seers.' 'Well?' 'Why, he has just given me notice to quit at the quarter's end.' Dr. Joseph Cook, of Boston, U.S., deasnbee Ida relation to Spiritualism in this choisa santenoe : 'Spiritualism,' says h», 'wPotiphar'B wife, aed tttia Joseph.' .!'? ? ? - ? . 