TBS PPM GHOST. (CON0I.TJDKD.; It had oomo »n tins: the sister was working * for both ; and VWohoyle did not oven snu what his allowing her to do so meant! “What kind of pride was thist’” thought Meredith, his tone showing, perhaps, a little of what was in his mind, as ho gravely replied 44 l oan quite understand your objecting to that. You muBt let your friends use what interests they liavo to get you into something, Veraohoylo.’’ “ It would bo of no uso ; at any rate, until -.—no necessity for going into that,” moodily kicking a stone aoroBS the path. What he wanted just then was money, and this was not the man to whom ho could tarn for that, with hie talk about setting to work. How could ho say to this man that ho had squandered the last romnant of tho small property which had oomo to him; and that they were liable to bo turned out of tho old homo, such as it was, at any moment now—his invalid mother, and the sister who had striven so hard to keep things together—unleBS he could obtain money to stave oh' matters, at any rate, for a tune. Pressure was now beiug brought to hear upon him, and threats usod that unloss he paid off tho sum of five hundred pounds— a sum there seemed no possibility ot procur ing— oharges of fraudulent borrowing would bo hrouaht against him whioh he might iind it difficult to combat in a court of law; and he w*b living Iroin hour to hour in fear of arrest. The Priory itself, and everything it con tained of any value, to the last family portrait that hung upon the walls, had been either mortgaged or sold. It a few heirlooms, In the way of carved furniture—a cabinet or •whatnot—had been allowed still to remain, it was to, its long as possible, keop tho knowledge of tho worst from his mother and He had, in the first fow moments of their meeting, hurriedly speculated as to whether anything could bo made out of tho other’s chance visit; but his hopes, if they amounted to that, had very quickly died as lie remem* bered tho past. There had been nothing larue-handed or generous, according to his interpretation of tho words, in Meredith. Me had shown do inclination to part with bis money without a quid pro quo. and lived as though ho had not a pouud to spare, instead of an income of some ten or twelve thuu?aud a your. He had lost his father in his ourly boyhood, ami the property, carefully nursed for him dunug a long minority, bad largely increased. That, like many who spend little upon themselves, Meredith could be even lavishly generous to others, end that there was none to whom one in need could ho safely turn for help, Versohoylo did not suspect. He would have been not a little surprised could ho have known that many u man had to thank Meredith for help given just at the right, moment, and given 90 quietly r. that none but the two most concerned were in tho secret. Meredith, in fact, cured nothiug for tho luxuries of life. Capable of doing bin share in tho world's work, steadily exercising his beat faculties, aud mentally and physically iuvigorated by the prooess, ho was almost unablo to oompruhoud a man such as Versohoylo had come to be. 44 No; it would ho of no use,” summed up ] Vcrsohofe, eying him askance. 14 If I bequn j to tell him about beiug in need of a few I hundreds, ho would waut to kuow tho whole story ; and it would ho no good trying to ; throw dust in his eyes. 1 wouder what ha would do if 1 told him point-blank that I am liable to bo hauled oil' to gaol at any mom-mt for lack of five hundred pounds ? Hutton up hia pockets, and scurry olf without wait- j ing to test tho 1‘rioiy hospitality, perhaps; ■ or worse still, begin to preach.” j Seeing that tbo other was disinclined to bo communicative, Meredith changed the subject, 1 introducing uuv topic ho could think of which . ho thought might interest him. In vain. I Both felt that they were further apart than ' when tnoy had last mot. There was, in fact, , a barrier between them which neither knew how to remove. Bmr routed iu his own reflections, Versohoylo did uot keep up tho first seinblanco of bonhomie, u litde indeed, resenting .Meredith's efforts iu one direction, sincohodid not seem likely to make any in another of more importance. Both men were equally relieved wbon a ruddy-cheeked servuut-maid appeared at the door, and informed them that dinner would be ready in ton minuses now. Verachoyle led the way into tho house, showed Meredith to a room, and then availed himself of the opportunity to say a fow hurried words to his sister. 44 Remember, Madgo ; there's no necessity for offering him a bed. Only a ehanco visit; that meauBnothing; and, therefore, diunoris quite enough. IIow have you contrived 44 Oh, pretty well, No need for pretence. He must know by the general aspect of things how it is with us.’* . ‘'Well, give the mothor a hint not to press the hospitalities.” 11 He would not care to remain if f-ho did, I should think; there is nothiug to attract him here; ” adding, with a little surprise, 44 but I should have thought you would have been .glad to weloomo any one, dull as you find i:, Laurence,” 44 If I woro not in mtch straits I might. You know I am at ?ny wits’end just now, liable to be seized at any moment for that wretched debt." He had given it tho name of debt to her, and sho had not the slightest suspicion that it was Anything worse. At that moment Allan Meredilh entered tho room, which not even the shabby furni ture and uppurtemiucos of tho dinner tablo could ronder mean lonkiug, with its noble proportions, oak coiling, carved, high chimney-piece, and oriel window. There was not sufficient carpet, even for tho fashion —only, indeed, one largo, old Turkey rug ; and that was Hpread in the recess of tho window, where were also a finely-carved, high- backed, well-cushioned obair, small work and writing tables, and two or three •other last relies of better days, dovoted to tho use of tho invalid ; a gentle, sufforing-look ing woman, with traces of great beauty in her thin, worn face. Meredith was introduced to her by her -daughter, with a tone and look which showed sho felt she was still something to bo ( proud of. I-Ior pride in, and loving oaro of, 1 -.her mother, was, indeed, evident.enough. Even hie eyes could boo how much more thought had been ox pended upon the dnvalid’s toilet than upon her daughter's, of which the most that could bo said was that it, was neat as any village girl's might be, Mrs Versohoylo received tho stranger with •tho simple courtesy of good breeding. There was no allusion by word or look to tho ultarod fortunes of tho hotuo; nouttompt at explana tion ; but a simple, earnest welcome which had its fall effect upon Allan Meredith. Ho noticed, too, at the table that no apologies were made for tho dinner, until the con temptuous shrug of tho shoulders whioh Laurenco gave as ho glanced from the dish of ourriod mutton at ono end to the remainder of tho same joint that nerved as the roast at the other, oalled forth the reply:— 44 It i-j tho boat 1 could do, Laurence. There was no tiino to send into tho town, and 1 hoped that Mr Meredith might have suffi cient appetite after his walk, purhapn, to bo ablo to dine on what wo have apologising to hor brother, as she hud not felt it "to bo jicoomury to apologise to their guest, 44 That uin 1, Miss Versohoylo,’’ ho flaid, determined that she should see no lack of appreciation on bin Hide. 4<I have eaten only a blsouit since 8 o’clock this morn ing ; " going on to explain what had brougLt him to tho neighborhood. 441 had got a little out of oouditlon from overwork, and “Overwork!" put in Laurenoc. 44Of what kind P ” 44 Oh, you know I used to have a fancy for comparing evidenco, and latterly I have 51odded a little too closely in getting at some wanted," spoaking a little hesitatingly and awkwardly in his desire to avoid seeming to pose, 441 needed chango of scene aud more out-of-door exercise. It happened that a final settlement bad, just now, to bo made about a small property my father had in this ooomy, and I thought it would be an object, • or at any rate give me the change of Boone they talked about, to go aud look after the Bale myself.” , ' “ id'll not know you owned property iu thfa direction, Meredith." “ It was of very little importance; only ft small farm ; but thoro was* some competition for it, on account of its joining Lord Dcayl* i town's proporty. He wanted to take it into his park.** “ Did you let him have it r " “No ; it was not so much h question of money with mo, aud the tenant who had hold it so long, and done his best for the house and land had, I considered, tho first claim. He and I settled it together without ' much law. Mo is tho possessor of tho farm, and I have brought away a roll of notes ; i that’s about all." | “I suppose a small farm does not fetch much in these days," said Versehoylo. “This would have fetched more had I allowed them to bid ouo against tho othor ; three or four, instead of two thousand, I was told.” “ Two thousand would seem a pretty good haul to some people. Notes, do you say ?” “ Partly; and partly in cheques/’ replied Meredith, looking a little surprised. “ Dn you carry them about with you, Meredith? Imoan”~noticrag tho surprise in the other’s taco—is it wise—safo, do you think, to go about theso lonely places with all that-■*’ breaking off, and hurriedly addiog, * * But, of course, wo can’t let you go to-night. You must put up with what wo have to oiler, until the inoruiug, at any rate." A sudden thought had crossed his mind. Might it not be possible to appeal l to Meredith for a loan 7 “ What u quarter ! k of that money would do for mo just now l | i I If I could only open my heart to him, as . Madge says. Pshaw! Easy enough fori girls, such as sho, to open their hearts. She wouldn't have been so ready to advise me to do that had she known all.” . “Mr Moredith would, perhaps, prefer tbo inn in the town, Laurence ; he might find it more oorn fort able/’ put in his sister, a little puzzled by tho change iu his tono but supposing it might be only to keep up appearances, she went on : “ There will be a moon, and;-’* Oh, nonsense !** hurriedly interrupted her brother, “You will not mind roughing it for one night, oh, Meredith? Of course, you must stay.” '* I hope ho, indeed,” said Mrs Vcrschoyl©/ to whom her daughter had had no time to give tho hint her brother bade her give. “ t trust you will accept our poor hospitality, Mr Meredith.” “There, that settles it, Meredith. You can’t tvfuso my mother, now *. or she will bo hunt mime the little wo have t» oiler.” “ It is not little to me,” replied Meredith, in all sincerity. Tho chance of hponding a few hours iu tho snidery of Margsrot Verse hoy Jo was, indeed, beginning to moan it great deal to him. He had not, before, met uuy woman who interested him in this way ; aud, already, he knew that none othor ever would. Sho said very little now ; having, ho noticed, become more silont and abstracted as her brother grow effusive, apparently in tho en deavor to make up for his previous lack of courtesy. “ This is our only drawingroom, Mr Mere* ditb/’sho presently said, as sho and her mother rose from the table and went towards the window. “ You must pleuso try to imagine we are not here.” “I woul-1 rather not do that, Miss Yer schoyle,” ho replied, rising to join them. “But won’t you-? You would not find this claret bo bad,” said Laurence, adding, as the other declined, “ Well, then, a oigar on the terrace, if wo can dignify it with that “ Not now, thank you. Latoron, perhaps, if you will join mo/1 “ Then, I will Jook after your hag. At tho station,didn’t you say ? We might send Sally's brother, ch, Madge?” hurriedly quitting tho room. Meredith retrained with the ladies in the oriel window, while tho rough- looking maid servant awkordly cleared the dinnertubio, as sieted now aud again by a tmiliug word from her young mistress. “ You have a good view from here, Mrs Verschoylo.” “It is good to me, Mr Meredith. For tunately the briokfiolds are on the othor side; and, soon from hero, tho part of the ruin aud tho old garden and orchard have a charm of their own for me. But one misses the old elms that used to hide tho town, which inv daughter thinks looks best when you don’t tee it,” with u smile at the young “ And so you do, dear. Being romantic, you prefer it whoa there is a mist over it, and you have to imagine what' is behind tho veil, dou’t you?” replied her daughter, with pretty defiance. “ A Eorious thing to have a romantic mother, is it uot, Mr Meredith ? In these days, too—romance i Sho had need have a raatter-of- fact daughter, had she uot?” He smilingly kept up the samo tone, his admiration deepening for the brave heart that could make a jest of her difficulties. How well tho mother and daughter seemed to understand ouch other iu making tho best of their colorless lives. He rqou found they could talk about something besides tho narrow experiences of their everyday world. They were accustomed to think intelligently, and wero not without a spice of humor, as well as a romance to cast a glamor over their surroundings. Good listeners, too, showing a deairo to hear what was going on in the world of thought; and, now aud again, asking questions which kept his wits at work for a reply—a not unpleasant overdye to Allan Meredith, accustomed to usothem. An hour passed quickly away. It was only the uneasy glances tho young girl wn» beginning to oast towards the door which reminded him that Verschoylo had left them so long. When ho ro eutered the room, Merodith noticed that the sister*i eyes turned anxiously towards him, “ I, made sure about your hag by seeing after It myself, Meredith,” he began. “ Ro me nibered tho mistakes Sally’s brother is apt to make, you know, Madge ; aud thought he might domuud tho pout bag, or something of that sort.” He appeared moro desirous now of making conversation, reminding Morodith of some of thoir Oxford experiences, inquiring about • mutual friends, and wbut not. But his gaiety did not git quite naturally upon him, aud ’ there was an under-currenc of excitomout iu 1 Ilia tone and manner. One thoro saw that 1 hib gaiety was only on the Burfaoe ond that 1 he eyed Meredith closely and speculatively i when ho thought himself unobserved. “Two thousand pounds ! Two thousand 1 —and a quarter ot ihat would save me,” bo was thinking. Were tho notes in that wallet of which ho could trace tho out line tn tho breast pocket of tho other’s ooiu? Hie eyes wero turned again and agaiu, as if fascinated, to that broust pocket, while ho talked on apropros of anything that suggested itself. L’rcaoutly, in reply to some remark of his mother’s with roferenco to the rising moon and tho ghostly way in which ita beams scorned to steal about the ruin, he fluid; “Do you know that we can boast of < having a ghost, Meredith?” “ Our vory own, who watches ovor tho i fortunes of tho house.” said his sister. “At i least, that is the tradition. When lust heard 1 of, ho WdH wandering about, with his hand 1 uplifted us if in warning. Not very original, l is it ? And not of much use, unless he will t toll us what wo are being warned agrtinst.” “ Havo you seen him, Miss Verschoylo ?” “Oh, no. Even ho seems to havo deserted J us now.” i “Speak for yourself, Madge,” said her i brother, stealing a sido glance towards 1 Meredith. “ Huvo you, thon, Lauren eo ?” sho ejacu lated, turning quickly towards him. “I i thought you wero inclined to make a jest of i tho monk.” “ I am inclined to do that no longer, perhaps,” : “Do you mean that you have seou him? You told mo nothing about it, Laurence.” ■ “ When I knew what a fright it guvu you only to imagine you huw him ? " “ But I wuBonly ten yeart: old then, you i know. I waa frightened, Mr Meredith,” she Baid, turning to him with a smile. “ But even thon I was quito us curious as frightened; for : though C fell upon ray knees and hid my faoe, : I begged him not to go until I got sufficiently i used to him to bo ablo to ask what I wanted to know.” : * “Had ho not tbo graoo to do that, Mias Vcrflohovle ?M Well, it was only an old military oloak of my father’s which Lauronoo had hung over a broom in a ooruor of tbo sdiool-rooin to try my courage.” •* X wonder what qneslionsyou would ask “ Oh, thero nro so many things one would like to know,” the sweet face ahadowintr, uud tbooyo-i tuning an anxious expression. “Is t ha monk supposed to have a predi lection for any particular chamber ?'* askod Meredith. “Ghosts are uooertain visitors, I know ; but it would bo something to pass a night where ono might bo expected.” •‘You might find it no jest if ho came,’1 said Lauroncc. “ Oh, I should take him seriously enough, lu fact, X have something of Miss Vors ohoylo’s feolimr. Thero uro so many quoo tiona ono would like to ask.” Sho was glancing curiously towards hor brotlior. “ Why did ho tuko that tono—ho that, till now, hail been aa roady as the rest to jest at the ghost?” But sho had no time to speculate aa to what was in his mind Now that ho had returned, she might oon. Bider herself oit duty in the matter of doing hor sharo towards ontortaining ; and sho had to help Sally to prepare a room for tbo guest, her invalid mother to attend to, and to con | trive a fittiug breakfast for the morrow. The two young men passed out on to tho ' grasH before the window, lighted thuir cigars, and strolled to and fro in tho moon- 1 light. There was vary little intorohango of thought, Allan Morodith was speculating aa to how best ho could sot about helping Margaret Vorsohoylo’s brother ; and boarin ning to fear it would ho very difhoultto do so, unless ho were moro inolined thun ho now uppoarsd to put his shoulder to tho whcol, I to had little sympathy for a naturo suoh us Verschoylo's ; and unconsciously perhaps to himsolf, tho few word* ho uttered convoyed what was in liis mind to the othor, who was quick to resent it. “ Put mo in tho way of earning money, in feed ! No use asking him for a loan ; ho would bo putting all sorts of awkward qutB- i tiona,” thought Vorschoylo, with tho uneasy j consciousness that ho would find it ditlioult to explniu without iuoriminatiug himself. “ No, I won’t try it! It must bo tho other ' way—tbero'a n« help for it now. Oneo on I of this holo, I’ll put my shouldor to tho wheel, and pay him hook with tho first money learn. Ho isn't likely to want tho monov if I took nil instead of a quarter, and 1 won't take a penny moro than that. It will only bo a loan after all, whioh, if ho were *iko anyone else, I could openly ask him for. Yes, I’ll do it! If ho sees through tho trick, it will bo easv to say it wits only* a jest dono to try him. Bat 1 think 1 cau tuaimgo it no quietly tkut ho won’t wuko, and then 1 On re-entering tho room they had quitted —tho only habitable sitting-room tho Priory could now boast—they found it untonanted, tho mother nnd daugh'or haviug retired for tho night. The two men sat in desultory conversa tion, maintained with some ollort, until, in roply ton quo.-tion from Laurence, Meredith admitted that ho had lmd a long day and was itiolined for bed. They went up together, aud Laurence showed tho other into a largo, burt-ly furnished and somewhat desolate-looking room, with two doors and ono high, narrow, iron-burred window. “ Sorry wo havo no bettor quarters to ofTer you, Meredith.” j “I am no syharito, Yorsohoylo. You’ll say that when you see my room at home. My housekeeper is always bewailing my laok of appreciation of what sho calls comfort ”— takiug out his pookot-book as ho spoke, and I putting it on to tho dressing-table before removing his coat. , l Lauronoo took quick note of tho position of1 the book upon tho tablo. “ Well, Kood night, old fellow;** adding, with an elaborate assumption of cajelestmoss, “ Oh, by the way, I'd nearly forgotten; tlioro’s a key in that door—tho one belonging to this must bo lost, 1 fancy ; but it. scoras hermetically souled. You can’t open it, you see,” turning and pulling at tbo handle; “ and you are safely barred iu at tho window,’’ with u little laugh. “ All right, Vorechoylo. A barred window and a locked door ought to bo onougli, (iood night,” telling himself thoy must talk over things in the morning. Too late to ontcr upon what he wanted to say, just thon. lu the morning Verschoylo Bhouldbo mado to hco thus lu-ro was a friend who was not to bo put off; they must go into matters togethor. Vorachoyle must be (induced to tot to work, and in the meantime it must bo so contrived that tbo mother and daughtor should bo better cared for. “Toll him that I have taken a groat fauoy to this old plaeo ; aud, between ourselves, give him a fow thousands for it, perhaps—to be settled on them—yes, cortaiuiy settled on thorn.” Ouco in his own room, Verschoylo sank into a seat and buried bis faoo iu his bands. “If thero woro but any other way but this ! If only tho man hud not gouo thoro bragging about his thousands! ’’trying to persuadohim* self that thoro had been bragging, nnd almost hating Morediih for tho wronjr ho was about to do him. “ Ho would not do it! Lot tho worst como lo tho worst—ho would not !’’ springing to his feet again, uud fiorcoly ehakinir his fist as against some uuseou The clock in a distant church towor chimed twelve. Ono vibrated on (ho night air; it would soon bo too late ! Morning would dawn, and tho opportunity bo gone! Shivering with tho remembrances of what tho morning might bring—ruin, dipgraco, his whole lifo blighted—ho ouco moro decided thero must bo no drawing back. With sot teoth and determined eyes ho went towards a chair upon which lay a folded garment. He shook it out—a long, dark, military cloak— and proceeded, in awkward but tolerably efficient fashion, to pin tho capo sons to, as nearly a? possible, resemblo a monk’s hood. Chauginghisboots for slippers, ho enveloped himself iu tho cloak, drawing tho hood well forward, so as to covor tho whole of his faco ; then softly opened tho room door, and stood listening with bated broath. No sound broke tho stillness. Ho stole noiselessly forth and entorod a small room, tho door of which was ajar, us ho himself hudplaeodit a couplo of bourd previously. This room opened into the larger ono in whioh was Allan Meredith, Lauren r-o stole silently to tho oommuniautiug door, looked, and with , tho koy outside. It had been well oiled; but this notwithstanding, there wan a slight sound, liko thunder to his guilty ears, ua ho turned the koy in the lock. Ho waited breathlessly for a fow moments again, then, homing no souud from within, softly pushed open tho door and looked in. His eyes were, nt onco, directed towards tho led. Yes, Morodith was, apparently, fast asleep. To mako quito Bure, ho stood silent and motionless, listcuiug intoutly. The quiet, even breathing of one in deop slumbor reached him. IIo moved sofiiy towards tbo dressing-table, bis eyes still turned upon tho bod; then stood motionle^B, again, a tall black figure in the semi*1 durkness. Why did bo hositate ? What was it that suddenly impelled him to toll the truth, and oast himself upon the mercy of tho man lying thoro—his good augol battling for him ? Tho Hcales trorablod in tho balance for a moment, and then it was as though ho had chosen—“ Evil, bo thou my good and the way was, at ouco made easy for him. His eyos lighted on a dark objoot, whioh ho know nt ouco must bo what he was in search of, lying on the white toilet cover of the dressing table/ Bis hand closed over it, his eyes turning once moro towards (bo bed. Not a movement, not a sound. Pooket-book in hand ho noiselessly oropt out, lockod tho door on the outaido again, and sped baokto hi9 own room. Half the danger was over. He had now but to abstract tho money ho wan tod, and replace tho book whore ho had found it. Ho put the book on tho tablo, and sat “ What was that ? A sigh—a whispored word ? Or was it oowari oonscience ?” Ho sat back aghast for a moment; then, with a resolute face, bent forward, laying his hand upon tho book. Suddenly he paused, raising his head again. A sound—a move ment? Surely ho heard something! Ho hurriedly blow out tho light, and sat with all his senses on the alert. Again ! Some thing or someone wag ir. tho room ! Meredith ! Had Meredith neon and fol lowed him—had tho tiino oomo to act tho part of jester? Unconsciously, ho was ffnzlng straight before him into tho dressing glass, faintly reflecting, in tho pulo, grey light of tho summer night, tho objects around, Again a slight movement, hardly diaplaooxnout, of tho air ; but suflioiont to intimate a presonco thoro. Should ho break into a laugh, and chal lenge Meredith— should ho -—. Great heavens! Mirrored in tho glass, ho saw a ahAdowy form moving silently towards him— a form draped in cowl and gowu. Tho monk I Lauronco Vorsohoylo foil back in his oh air, his eyes fastened upon tho tiguvo faintly out lined iii the dim light, the left hand raised, as if in Holemu warning, and the right strelohed forth towards—tho pocket-book ! Ho saw it taken from tho table, then ovory thing faded from his vision, and ho lost consciousness. When at length ho came to himself, it was a littlo confusedly, and it was some time boforo ho remembored where ho was and what had happened. Tho pocket-book 1 His eye* went hurriedly over the tablo, Gone ! It had bean fno dream, thou—no 1 trick of tho hensos. Ho fluug out hiB arms upon the table and buried bis taco upon them. Suddenly a faint hope sprung up" in his heart. It must havo been Meredith ! Ills own fears, and the dim, uncertain light, hud imparted tho spectral, shadowy appearance, and exaggerated tho whole otfeot. Meredith must have imagined—aa i incase of emergency he was to havo boon ■ induced to imagine—that a jest wa* boimr played oil upon him, and had determined to return it in kind, raanaginu somehow to got himself up for tho rolo. Had thoy not boon talking about tho monk and tho gesture of i warning? Yes; Meredith, of course!— beginning to recover his nerve. Tie had been caught, and Meredith had not bcon caught; that was all, and ho had only to treat the whole thing as a jest. Hut all this notwithstanding, there was an under-current of something very ltko fear iu his mind which caused liim to watch tho slowly broadening light of day with fovorish impatience for tho tiino whou bo could enter Meredith's room. It would not do to go too early, lest his very anxiety should arouso tho other's suspicious. Everything now de pended upon his being able to treat tho whole thing as a jest. He throw off his disguise, washed noil dressod, and then sat Hstouing for tho usual sounds of Sally’s move meats abouttho house. # When tho cloak struck six ho could contain himself no longer, and mado his way to Meredith's room, going to th<* door which opened into tho corridor. Meredith, iu response! to his knock, unlocked tho door and admitted him. “Up already, Meredith ?** “ Yes, I mu accustomed to rire early.” As ho advanced into the room Laurence darted a quick look towards tb a dressing-table. There lay tho pockot book ! He had boen right: it had appealed as a jest to Meredith, and ho had played ono oil in return. “ Had I only guessed and kept my wits ubout mo, instead of making a tool of ravsolf, by going oll in a fainting lit, the jest might have been bettor kopt up.” “Iseoyouotin make, as well as take, a jest, old follow,’' ho begun, with an attempt at a laugh, I was too sleepy and lazy to do more than take it, Vorsohoylo. I *tnv what was done both times; b’it tho restoration was managed best.” 41 Restoration ?” “ The putting the book back.** Laurence Vorsohoyle dropped into a chair, gazing at tho other with widely- ooenod eyes, “ Do yon mean to say yon did’not V For Heaven’s sake, tell me tho truth, Mere dith ! You followed me to my room nnd brought tho book book. I—I—-saw you 1” 41 That you did not, and could not liuvo done, Verflchoyle. I did not riso from tho ; bed after I lay down until six o'clock this ’ morning, just beforo you came in.** 44 You must—either nwuko or asleep, you , must have!” catching, at a last hopo that t the other might havo walked in his sleep. “No; nn my honor; I was tired, but I could not sleep. I saw tho ghostly ap pearance each tirao ; and I was struck by the difference in tho s- nond. It was a more ghostly affair altogether. I saw, in fuot, ouly a hand and part of an arm.” Laureueo went hurriedly to tho door opposite that by which ho had entered, and •turned the handle ; looked on tho outside, as ho had loft it,! 44 The fust caino that way,” said Myrodith, who had followed him with his oyes; “but f not tho other.'1 “Meredith, it was I who came, and I oame but once !" ejaculated Laurence, shud deringly. Ho covered his faoo with his hands a fow moments ; thou, iu sudden desperation, con fessed tho wholo truth. “ I mount to rob you ! I dressed up us a monk for tho purpose. I took tho book, intending to abstract fivo hundred pounds; and, if* you woko and challenged me, w-is going to say that it was dono to try your pluok. [ hud taken it to my room. It lay on tho tablo beforo mo, and I was about to opcu it, wbon a fooling I can't doscriho onmo over mo. I know 1 waB not alone. I was sitting boforo the dressing-tablo. and, glancing into tho glass, saw tho reflection of a figure standing behind mo—tho figuro of a monk ! A deathlike hand was put forth. I saw tho fingers oloso over the book, and then I supposo I lost conscious ness, for I oan remember no moro.” “ Tho monk !” Meredith gnzod at tho other, and becunio gravely silent again. 411 was in torriblo straits,” hurriedly went on Laurence. “I mount last night to appeal to you for a loan ; but I fancied" you scorned rather hard and stand-offish, and what I had to toll was not easy to tall. Thoro waB a prison boforo mo, Meredith, unless I could got money, which thoro seemed no chance of my being nblo to get, and tho knowledge that you had all those notes about you tempted mo. I meant to tako tho five hundred, put tho rest back, and trust to tho chanoo of your not suspecting how it had gone. Of course, I cheated mysolf with tho belief that if I onuld set mysolf straight this time, I would put my shoulder to tho wheel and ropay you somehow. I think I seo mysolf as I am—now, and I know I shall not again try to retrieve my fortunes that way. You oun’t despise mo moro thun I dcapiso myself!” , “lam very sorry,” said Meredith. “ tdld not imagine you wore in such immediate necessity. I only wish you had told mo last night, when all this might have been pre vented”—still speaking a little abstractedly Was it to bo regretted, after all, that Ver sohoylo had been brought face to fuco with himself in this way, sineo it bad brought about MMh arevulsou in his mind r Ho pre sently decided whut course ho would take, and went on ;— “ Look bore, Versohoyle. I intended last night to hhU you to let mo help you in some way, and only drluyed until this morning because I wanted to reflect a little aa to the boat means of doing so. Wo will gj into that later nn. I will only say now that you need bo under no anxiety as to tho money. I have a good income—moro, a great deal—than I desiro to spend—and there ia a largo surplus lying idle at my banker's just now. Use it to sot yourself straight with the world, old fel low then, as the other mado a gesture of dissent, “Lot me have my say. You shall repay mo when you havo mud a your way—ns a man of yourttbility is suro to do. Nonsonso, you havo your mothor and sister to consider, you know.” “ My poor mother and Madge. Meredith, you could nover imagine what my eiatir has been to us.” 41 Couldn't I?” thought Meredith. 44 She hr,a kept ua goinvr the last six months; and though the pressure was growing hoavior and heavier, she never-What u selfish brute I havo been 1” 14 Como, it’s something to recognise that!” thought Meredith. 44 Thoro*a sorao hope for you, after alladding to tho other, 44 Wo will get these bills settled at onoo, and then we ..an^see what you are most inclined ,to turn The two young men went down toaether, and.found breakfast awaiting them—a moro varied and bountiful repast than had been Bat before them tho provions evening, Sally having run down to an adjacont farmhouse for supplios. The two breakfasted together alono. Mrs Vorscholye kopt her room till lato in the day, and her daughter; who was superintending in tlio kitobon, had only time to look in with a morning greoting. After breakfast tho two young men hold consultation togotbor, then set off for the town, called at tho lawyer’s office there, and sent off’ sundry telegrams. When they re turned to tho Priory later in tho day, it was explained that Meredith had boon helping Luuroueo with his advioo on business matters. 41 llo is tho boat old fellow in tho world, Mad go—■'acting with tho noblest generosity ! I think all our troubles will soon bo over now,’’ said Laurence to his sister when they were alone, “ Generosity! Oh, Laurence, you won’t take his money ?” sho ejaculated, a ring of sharp pain iu her voice. “Not his money !” “1 won’t take advantage of him, Madgo. I swear it. Something has happened. Iain a different tnau, and my whole lilo will bo ohnngod.” His lone and mannor gavo her more hope than oven his words. “ I am going to sot to work in oarnost, and ho will bo repaid for all ho means to do.” “Are you sure?” she murmured ; adding a littlo doubtfully, with tho remombranco of past oxporionoo: M But how ?” “ That you will see later on.” Sho was to see, in another wav than that he supposed. Meredith lost no time iu striving to gam tho prize he had sot his heart upon, roturniug again and again to tho Priory until ho had won his wife. It was the last ovoning of their stay at. tho old place. On tho morrow Margaret Ver* Bchoyle was tobohis wife, and they were to go diroot to liia beautiful Devonshire homo for tho purpose of comfortably installing her mother thoro, before sotting forth on tho ! tour. Mrs Vcrseboylo’s health had wonder fuffy improved with tho knowledge of her children’s bright prospects; and wonders woro expected from the soft Devonshire They had been reading a lcttor from Laurence, full of hope and enthusiasm for tho now life ho had begun in Canada, whore ho had ohoson to mtilro hia start, Meredith having rendered tho way easy for him. As they lingered on the terraco tho happy girl ventured to whisper out tho oonfession that lmd to be made before hIig beoamo his wife. Sho must have no scorets from him “ Allan, you know how—Lanrcnco 1ms told you what lie meant to do. But there is something else you ought to know. IJow shall l toll you ? Ho thought ho saw a ghost that night; but, oh, Allan, it was I.” 14 I don’t think ho would have done it after all, darling. I beliovo ho would liavo made a clean breast of it in the morning in any “ But you nro not surprised to bear it was I who played the ghost tho seeond time ?” Ho replied only with a caress. “ I did it in the desperation of the moment, and four gave mo courage.” 44 Tho first time I have heard of fear giving courage,” taking tho sweet face botwoon his hands and looking into her eyes. “Oh, well! 1 meant fear for him. I thought—I feared that Lauronco was going into your room—I watoht d him go; and thon putting on a long waterproof oloak, and drawing the hood over my head to look liko the monk, I followed him. It whb I who put the pocket-book bnek. “How did you manage it?” with a “You sco you had loft your window a littlo open. I climPod the thick ivy that riu\H up tho wall—I had often done it when a child— {dipped ray hand between the bars of tho window, und put tho book upon tho table.” 44 But you forgot to raise your hand in warning; and ghosts are not gonorally in such a hurry, I think, to say nothing of tho sizo of tho hand.” “It was a sorarabls; did you hear -mo fall ?” “I heard a littlo ‘Oh !’ ” 44 Then you did know ? ” “ I ^ know Veraohoyie had a very good “Allan, I do not think he suspoots. Ought I not to tell him tho truth ?” 44 Not yot. Sinco tho impression has worked such good effects, as well lot him re main under it for a wiiilo. Tirao onough to knook down the scaffolding when tho build ing is oompleted—eh, darling '/”—“ Strand Magazine.’4 _ 