IRISH FARI itflie an the imagiiintioni of innumerable Irishb nen and women, and not'minerely iremoteplace, but ocle~en to big citiefi.It is down West ward'niong-the deep baiys and mountain valleys of Sligo that I' have heard the- best' tales and found the- most ardent belief. There, many a peasant dreamns' of growing rich;by.finding a fairy's drock of gold, and many a poasanit's daughter trembles as she passes some famons'hau;nted hillside, and goes over in her mind theenames of men and women carried off, as tradifion will have it,' to the dim kingdom. Onfy very recently one of these fabled robberses;was reported' to have been attempted; A littleagirl, who was at service with a farmer in the village of Grange, suddenly dishppeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, because is was rumoored that the fai ries had taken her. "A villager was said to have long struggled to hold her-from them, but at last they prevailed;'anl be found no. thing in his hand .but ai broomstick. The local constable was applied to, and he at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised the people to burn all the bucalauns (ragweed) on the field she vanished from, because bucalanis are sacred to the fairies. They spent the whole night burning them, the constable repeating spells the while. In the mbrning the little' girl was found, the story goes, wanderind in the field. She said the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding on a fairy horse. At last she saw a big river, and the man who tried to keep her from being car. ried ofn was drifting down it-such are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour - in a cockleshell. Brides and new-born children are especially in danger. Peasant mothers, too, are sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of returning, and if they do not escape then are always prisoners. A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Ballisodare, and when she came home after seven years she had no toes-she had danced them off.-W. B. Yeats, in'the Leisure Hour. 