OUR SYDNEY LETTER. November 2c. Death has been busy among tbe Sydney aldermen. Messrs. T. Playfair and J. D. Young have been carried off in the space of two days. Somewhat similar in career, in uiuniuess 01 speecn ana not remarkable tor iatellectualiry or studiousness, they were very dis-similar in many other respects. Only the day before his death, Young attended a meet ing at which he, among others, spoke highly of Playiair's probity and charitableness. It is remarkable that of the five candidates who opposed the Labour Party for West Sydney at last election, only two remain. Two have been removed by the hand of the destroyer, and one by that of the policeman. Tbe Labour Conference seems to have accomplished litfle except in the way uf causing dissension. Otherwise it created nothing, suggested nothing. It simply took halfa dozen planks out of the old platform, put them in an order of prominence that no Parliamen tarian could approve, and laid down rules for the conduct oi Labour members, both before their constituents and in the House, that are impassible of lulfilment. As tbe Bulletin puts it, a number of the delegates were animated by a jealous hatred of the Labour members, and a desire to displace them and fill tbeir shoes. Under such circumstances, the attempt to make the electors practice a unanimity which some of these would-be leaders only preach miebt Drove futile. Governor Dun will have to put a bridle on bis tongue. Speaking at Melbourne he styled that city * the greatest' city of Greater Britain.' Now he assures a Sydney newspaper man that feeling bound to compliment his hosts, he intended to say the ' biggest' and not the ' greatest* city. Which backdown won't rein state him in tbe afiections of Sydney people, and will go a long way towards losing him favour in Melbourne. Secretary Galton will require to be more careful in his selection of Duffs terms, Dibbs has been giving Parliament his remin iscences. He remembers tbe time when bundles of paper money used to come down to the Sydney commercial firms after most of it bad been carried in tbe waist belts of sweaty buHocks-drivers for months, smelling so vilely it bad to be handled by a pair of tongs, and so obscured by dirt as to be undecipherable with out the aid of magnifying glasses. Tbe House never cares to listen to Dibbs uulesb be is in a conversationally reminiscenlial mood. Then he strides up and down the floor and talks in such a My-dear fellow tone that even bis opponents are interested. Sir George talked rather largely about what he would do in the next Parliament, the other evening. Mr. Reid thereupon asserted that the Premier's pledges wouldn't be worth a half penny in tbe £ then. It appears that Dibbs imagines that the Labour party will be even stronger in that House than in this, that a majority of its components will be Protection ists and that he will be again successful in ' splitting' the party and securing the support of the biggest section. Dibbs, in this particular, is doomed to disappointment. Tbe Government is likely 10 secures majority in favour of the new Banking Bill. Most mem bers speak bitierlv against it in private and more mildly in public, but nevertheless support it. As one of their number confessed, ' Over drafts' furnish a strong argument in such matters. A slight scene occurred in the Assembly tbe orher evening, when Mr. Kelly, speaking on the unemployed, denounced one Thomas Dodd — mover at the Conference of the celebrated * undying hostility' amendment on the proposal that the Labour Leagues should receive Messrs. Sharp, Fitzgerald, Kelly, and Johnston back into the fold— as one who had lived in idleness for two years on unemployed agitation. There upon a voice from the strangers' gallery said emphatically * That's a lie.' Mr. Kelly having called attention to the remark, the interjector, who turned out to be Dodd, stood up and acknowledged his sin, in the words, ' it was me Mr. Speaker.' Whereupon he was taken into custody by the Sergeant-at-arms, and detained until the rising of the House. Dodd, who will not again beadroitied to the Chamber, challenges, through the daily press, Kelly to repeat the statement where privilege will not protect him. It appears tbat 'the man is really a self-supporting, hard-working citizen. Mr. Walker informed Mr. Hayr.es that he ' would make bis fortune in a circus,' one night last week. Whereupon Haynes retorted : ' The honorable member made his reputation as a ghost.' This sort of spirit-rap did not quite meet Tommy's approval. Mr. Hindle recently told the House that a man bad come to him seeking relief, * iritb the brow of Shakespeare, tbe tongue of an orator and the pen of a poet.' Whereupon Mr. Haynes remarked 'That's tbe very reason he's bard up.' Be that as it may, it is very evident that a large proportion of those now out of work are drawn from the ranks of the brain workers. It is not much use having a Shake sperean brow it its only use is to ache. The pangs of hunger and the pains acquired by ' sleeping out1 have no marketable value, un less indeed the poet should condescend to write up his experiences and describes his arhes. The Ministry were in a peculiar fix on Fri day evening. Mr. Rose moved that the ad valorum duties should be abolished and pro tective dnties imposed 00 all articles that can be manufactured in New South Wales. On this Mr. Macfarlane moved as an amendment that 5s be imposed per 100 feet of imported timber. Tbe Ministry, having declared that they did not intend to impose any fresh taxa tioH endeavoured to court the House out, but the labour members intervened. Then Mr. Macfarlane's amendment was defeated by a substantial majority, none of the Ministers vot ing except Barton, who voted against it. Mr. Trail! then moved, * the previous question ;' according to Mr. Speaker, * an ingenious method of avoiding a vote on a specific mo tion,' but was defeated on the voices. After which Mr. Rose's motion was badly beaten. Messrs. Barton, Slallery, Trail], and Schey re fraining from voting, while Messrs. Dibits, Suttor, and Kidd voted with tbe Opposition. Som» ardent protectionists thereupon styled the Ministry * a traitorous crow d and false to their pledges.' It appears, however, that Bar ton, Lyne, and Slattery paired in favour of the notion. 