tito Snsbotte Omrah. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1893. " Freedom without dishonour" was the note of the welcome accorded by the trades unionists of Brisbane last night to their fellow-unionists who had just been liberated from St. Helena. The large gathering was characterised by undoubted sincerity and considerable enthusiasm ; but the proceedings illustrated the fact that the Labour movement's chief strength at present lies in its voting numbers. With one or two exceptions the speeches were poor stuff. An outsider had the idea that he was in a school where politics were being handled by children or beginners or amateurs. One of the speakers remarked that political unionism was an outgrowth of trades unionism. The old unionism, he said, was an infant ; the new, the political, unionism was a giant. But the giant is still a giant only in optimistic dreams. He was not on the platform of the Centennial Hall last night. Whether we shall yet see him on Queensland platforms depends entirely on the use which the Labour members and their supporters make of their opportunities. What is certain is that success of a large and solid land is impossible unless the Labour party accept the necessity for political education. One of the songs last night ran thus : Throw your old guns aside, my boys ; the ballot is the thing They did not have to reckon with when George the Fourth was King. The ballot is the thing, my boys, the ballot is the thing Will show those men how long it is since George the Fourth was King. But the ballot is not exactly the simple remedy it is imagined to be. The ballot must be used intelligently, conscientiously, and at the suggestion of noble sentiment to become a formidable power. So used by any class which is multitudinous it is equal to any achievements in reform. But how much work must be done by the Labour leaders before this high use of the ballot can be counted upon for year after year, for Parliament after Parliament ! Very little was said last night to which serious objection could be taken by a generous community. The liberated unionists were abundantly told that they had been "incarcerated" under an iniquitous law. But it seemed hard for the gathering, including the guests, to put itself back in the pre incarceration times. Those times had gone. Only their ghosts still lingered in the orators' brains. The unionists who have been out of things for two and a-half years seemed to have no foothold anywhere. The past they acted their part in has slipped away, almost out of sight, and they have not got hold of the new situation. Necessarily it was their misfortune they had little to say that was of any weight or interest. The men of the present more easily caught and held the wandering wits of the audience. But there seemed to be no desire-and we record this gladly-to revive the policy of intimidation. Bygones are to be bygones and redress and progress are to be sought constitutionally, and particularly through Parliamentary representation. One or two veiled references were made as to what would happen if constitutional means failed, but these were balanced by the admission that constitutional means could not fail if the working classes were united and determined, and had good causes ; which is true, The loud applause which followed the use of the phrase " socialistic republic" showed that the Labour hope is looking in that direction ; but here again we are reminded of the necessity for political education. A lot of work will have to be done by the mind of the Queensland working men and women before the "socialistic republic" will be clearly understood. Nations are not saved or revolutionised or even republicanised by phrases. The sonorous phrase period is the stone ago in political development. We shall get through it, but it will take time. Upon the whole we may congratulate last night's gathering upon its peaceful and constitutional temper. It did what it thought tO(bje,its duty towards the men, the anti-Tozorites, whom it believed to have been loyal to trades unionism and the idea of the "socialistic republic." It was not too reminiscent of the wild West in 1891. And it kept a rather impatient eye on " the social which was to follow the speeches and resolutions. Indeed, the trades unionists of Brisbane last night quite forgot-it must he difficult to always keep the gloomy fact in evidence- to look like down-trodden slaves. Our cable correspondent has reported that great relief is experienced throughout' Great Britain now that the coal crisis is at an end. Winter is hurrying on, and the condition of the poorer classes would have been an appalling one had the strike been maintained for two months longer. As it is the monetary loss and the personal and domestic misery endured make up a formidable bill of costs. All over the world the English-speaking peoples will share the mother country's feeling of relief. During the course of the struggle the Government, as the national executive, was called upon to uphold law and order, and the result showed that in regard to this necessity of civilisation there is no difference either in principle or practice between Tory and Liberal. Not for a moment did Mr. Asquith bend to the storm of violence. "Whatever views he or his colleagues entertained as to the merits of the dispute they were solid against un- constitutional remedy. Victory or compromise must be reached by means within the law. To the administrators of the law alone had the nation intrusted the use of physical force, and this use was limited to the preservation of order. Great Britain is a free country, but freedom would perish on the day that the national executive, without indignant protest from the nation, tolerated a policy of intimidation. It is natural enough that advantage should be taken of social strife to bring forward socialistic doctrines as the only radical cure for the injustice and noisy complained of. Socialists would have exposed themselves to the suspicion or open charge that they had lost all faith, in socialism if they had not loudly advocated the nationalisation of mines during the late coal strike. Such a time is indeed a very good one for the discussion of such a subject. It insures thoroughness of inquiry, and a vivid realisation of the facts used in the framework of the argument And for all purely intellectual investigation, and presentment of such matters the English law has neither disallowance nor restriction. But when the investigator or advocate takes a rifle or a firestick to enforce his views upon the other side and to terrorise the nation, then, the law, embodying the good sense, the justice, and the power of the nation, seizes the rifle or quenches the firestick, and punishes the attempt at or intention of violence. son no other condition than this could civilised society hold together. And England, in its treatment of the excesses which fringed the late strike, has shown the world that it is not. honeycombed with the dpctrineanor morally weakened by the forces of disorder. But upon the merits of the dispute England as a whole did not take sides. Both parties presented hard cases, and in this fact lay the great difficulty in the way of settlement. Where the blame of a quarrel or the hardship of old or proffered terms is all on one side, the pressure of public opinion, a terrible pressure where the well being of hundreds of thousands of people is concerned, can be and often is brought to bear against unreason and avarice. As the struggle developed what seemed to come out of it was that the wages on the reduced scale proposed by the masters were sufficient to maintain a tolerable standard of domestic comfort, if only they were regular. It was the irregularity of work which was really responsible for the miners' refusal to accept the reduction. This irregularity is an evil which is rapidly spreading to the dismay of wage-earners in all countries. In many departments it is, as an English journal remarks, the most pressing and the least noticed of all the labour problems. It is certainly a great and growing evil in Australia. Nothing is easier than to triumphantly quote high rates of earnings, but a family is not supported on the rate but on the aggregate of the earnings. The Spectator puts the English coal miners' case very lucidly and with the frankness and force of reason and justice, thus : It is quite true, as the owners say, that the reduced wage would be a living wage, if the minor got it but then, does he get it He can make All 5s. a week, or whatever it is, if he is employed all the week ; but then, as he is As we understand the matter, he is not and that is the root of the bewildering conflict of testimony on the subject. The miner says the new wage is not a living wage, not because it is insufficient in itself, but because it is insufficient for the number of days on which he will get work. In Nottingham' Shire, for instance, we are' told that there are thousands of families which, even at the old rates and at prices which the men admit to he fair have to live on fourteen shillings a week, which, for a strong man whose work takes strength to perform, is at all events the narrowest conceivable sufficiency, we should say indeed an insufficiency, for civilised life. A reduction on 14s., even of 16 percent, is a reduction on life. " It is very difficult," as a Bishop is reported to have said once, " to be a Christian on less than a pound a week ¡" and certainly it is very difficult to keep on less a miner and his family in the health and comfort which, if the man works hard and continuously, is their fair right The owner replies that he agrees, and that with his prices the miner can got the pound, But then, does he It is just as heart-breaking to be paid at the rate of 300. a week for three days a week' as to be paid 15s. a week for six days; for the free time, whatever its value in other ways, produces no cash, and it is out of cash, actual silver coin, and not out of cash Xmas holidays, that the wife has to keep the house going and see the wage winner /ed. The parallel between the case presented by the Spectator and some of the cases which have been presented to the judgment of Australian public opinion during recent years need not be pointed out, nor need we further emphasise the strength of the Spectator's argument, which indeed appeals irresistibly to every fair mind. ; Never before perhaps have the merits of a strike been so dispassionately discussed as those of the one which has just terminated. Mr. Gladstone's sagacity and wonderful influence were brought to hear on the dispute just at the right moment. When the last mail left England a compromise scheme was urldpr consideration, the cardinal point of which was that the men should resume work at the old wages, but that after some date, pro- visionally fixed at the 4th of December, a 10 per cent reduction should take place, and that subsequent rates should be determined by a Board of Conciliation. At that time the masters declared that the provisional resumption of work at the old wages was out of the question. But what was agreed upon at Friday's conference is that work shall be resumed and continue at the old wages until February, that is to say, through the severe winter months, when the consumption of coal is largest and prices most easily maintained, and that after February a Board of Concilia- tion shall for twelve months after coming into existence determine the rates. The board is to consist of twenty-eight delegates from the two interests concerned, with a chairman to be appointed by Mr. Speaker Peel. Apparently no, deadlock can occur, because the chairman will have a casting vote. If it be objected now that this is a compromise which might have been arranged without a strike at all, the reply is that the same objection might be brought against all disputes, and, with the maximum force it is capable of, against international wars. Sooner or later all strikes are settled. But the difficulty is to see the basis of equitable and honourable settlement at the beginning of the quarrel. It is then that the forces of unreason and ignorance and passion and greed and class hatred have sway. A victory for greed or class is what is too often sought at first, especially by the side which believes itself to have the stronger battalion. Still we may all cordially wish permanent and far-reaching success to this settlement. We can all hope that the Conciliation Board will outlive the original term of its appointment that it will be so permeated by the spirit of justice and goodwill and so come , petent in knowledge and reason ' as to insure that its decisions shall be accepted with respect, and its years of usefulness be many. One great example of satis- factory conciliation would be contagious throughout the civilised world. And the immense bill of costs which now discredits the English coal strike of 1893 might easily be forgiven for such a result as that. Pastoralists and agriculturists in this country have suffered so much from climatic irregularity that they are apt to overlook or under-estimate the losses in other countries which are directly due to the same cause. The unkindly season of 1892 cost the United Kingdom nearly £5,000,000 in the value of milk and calves alone. A trusted English expert has calculated that in an ordinary season the profit would have been £8,265,000, or £2 7s. 6d. per cow, instead of £3,480,000, or £1 por cow, the actual profit for 1892. The fact is that there are very bad years for, agriculturists and pastoralists the < countries possessing the most favourable of natural conditions. When drought oppresses Australia many thoughts turn enviously towards New Zealand ; but even in New Zealand climate is responsible for some terrible losses and disappoint- ments. We cannot shape the climate to our will, or to what we think are our necessities; but the question which is pressing upon many minds in many countries is whether we cannot adapt our industries more closely to all our circumstances. If, for instance, we cannot command rain, are we acting wisely in not utilising our subterranean road surface supplies of water ? This' is no avoidable waste of real wealth. Now that the great credit storm has for the most part blown over, it is interesting to look at the situation which confronts the British investor. For the time no Australasian Government can borrow in the London market at less than 4 per cent. And any additional borrowing at all that can be avoided is generally discountenanced both here and there. But what is the man with idle money to do ? Take the case of the railways of the United Kingdom, which represent a total paid-up capital at the end of last year of £944,000,000, an amount which exceeds the National Debt by £270,000,000. (Our old friend or enemy the National Debt is getting dwarfed by the comparisons producible from modern finance.) The net earnings of these railways for the year amounted to £36,874,000, or a trifle under 4 per cent on the paid-up capital. The capital is slowly increasing year by year, the additions of 1892 totalling about £25,000,000, while the net earnings have not since 1889 kept pace with them, the falling off last year reaching the sum of £857,000. It will be observed that more money was put into United Kingdom railways at the very time that the Australian Governments were told that there was no more for them. It is a very good thing for us that we have been compelled to moderate our borrowing ; but is it altogether a good thing for the mother country that we have adopted, though under pressure, a new policy ? 