NPBIIT J IffiMn. How A Funnel-Shaped Cloud Chased an Engine. DON'T believe that fright ever turned I a person's hair white off-hand,' s tid ? Henry Whetherell, an engineer of the J Jersey Central railroad. ' If such a thing could happen tlie?e locks of mine would not be as black as you see them now, for I will venture to say that no man ?ever went through a more fear- inspiring ex perience than I did once. Tell you the story. Why. certainly. But I am not very good at atyarn, and I can only give you the bare facts without descriptive ornamenttaion. 4 It happened this way : The year wa.s 1878 or 1879, I forget which. Anywav it was some time in July I lie weather had been pretty hot, and it was just the sort of day for breeding a tornado. 'But I am getting ahead of my t-fcory already, not being very expert in the way of anecdote. I was working on a one-horse railroad in Southern Kansas. The superin tendent wired me to fetch mv engine a dis tance of about seventy miles to a place called Peters town. It was wanted to haul » lot of perishable freight, mostly market produce, which had got shunted off by some accident onto a side track and in danger of spoil ing. A suit against the company might have followed, and the business had to be attended to in a hurry. There were only seven loco motives on the road, barring two or three that were disabled. : 'Well, not to be too long-winded, I got fuel and water aboard as quick ;y as possible and started for Pefcerstown, taking it easy, because the track wasn't in condition to stand fast running well. I was about an hour out from my starting place, and had gone sixteen miles perhaps, when I noticed some queer looking clouds on the western horizon. ' The day was exceedingly sultry, and there was a curious sort of glare over the land scape which made it look sort of feverish. I can't think of a better word for describing it, There was something unnatural about toe ap pearance of everything. My fireman was a boy who was brought up in that region, and lie said that it looked like a tornado coming, fie ought to have been a good judge of the symptoms, because the whole of his family, ?together with all their property and live etock, hud been wiped out by such a 'twister,' as they call 'em, when he was hardly old j enough to toddle. I 'By the time we'd gone eight or ten miles j further, a dense bank of clouds had spread around to the south west. It was black as jnk, but beneath it was a blank str&ak; of white. I have never seen anything that looked like it before. As I looked at it the bark rose higher, and presently I saw some thing like a sharp point of cloud project itself downward from the black mass. All this Same there was no thunder nor lightning, but ionly a look about the sky that was dreadful ifco see, because it was so unnatural like. It deemed as if something awful was going to Ihappen. It was only the boy who called my {attention to the pointed cloud, and he said it hras a tornado beginning. ? ' I pretended not to be afraid, and said that if it was a 'twister' it would not be likely to ns. Bat he was as pale as a ghost. Says ibⅈ". ' Don't you see that is directly south-west: ofiiB?' A ? ? VIEW OF BOTAFOGO BAY, RIO DE JANEIRO. VIEW OF THE AVENUE OF PALMS IN THE BOTANIC GARDENS, RIO DE JANEIRO. ' Why, cvrtainly,' I replied. ' What of that ? 'They always travel northeast,' he said, 'and we are right in the track of it!' ' Then we'll ran away from it, I guess,' says I, pulling the throttle wide open. But the boy, he said nothing-only watched the clouds in rhe distance. 'By this time the pointed cloud had got very much bigger, the lower end of it nearly touching the ground. It t»rew rapidly larger and larger and seemed to be aj proaching at a great rate of speed, while the rest of the view toward the west and southwest became blurred to the eye, so that nothing could be made out clearly. I saw that it was a tornado that was coining, and no mistake, for the strange cloud, which had the shape of a gigantic peg top, was distinctly outlined in its inky black neBS against the general blur. I began to feel badly frightened myself. Now and then when I could take my eye off the cloud, I U oked at the boy ; but lie only eat silent in tbe cab, staring at the great peg-top with starting eyeballs and white lips. Finally I said: '' Do you think we are going to escape it ?' 'We are right in its track,' he said, without looking at me. 'You see, we were running in an air line over the prairie, directly northeast, and pursuing the very path in which the tornado was com ing. Anv other course, with the steam I had on. would have carried us out of the way The boy shovelled more coal on. He had already done so three or four times since the strange cloud was sighted. But it was no use. The engine was doing its best and she wasn't capable of more than about thirty eight miles an hour. 'It's gaining on us I said. 'How Casjb does such a thing as that travel ?' 'About a hundred miles an hour,' replied the boy, white as a sheet. ' If that had been true I would not bo here t ? «ell the story. I have since learned that eight* miles an hour is euppoBed to be the best a tornado can do. My belief is that one »ae going at abo itsix'y miles Anyway, it wasn't more «han eix flr seven miles distant by thii time, and gaining on us rapidly. If my reckoning was correct, it would catch us iu a little more than twenty minutes. The way I calculated it was that the great peg-top was moving at the rate of three miles to our two. ' It was tie most frightful spectacle to look at that can possibly be imagined. To me it seemed to be a monstrous giant, pursuing us with an evil intention to destroy. Now and then its blackness would be transformed into a dark green and it was constantly lighted np by flashes, as if it were an immense balloon illuminated from within. It appeared to whirl around with inconceivable rapidity, and from it came a sound across the prairie as of bellowing, with a voice so awful that the rumbling of the locomotive was lost in it. Of the destruction it was accomplish ing I could get no notion from my point of view. Fortunately there were few settle ments in that part of the country, but as we pissed two or three small hamlets at full speed. I could see the people running about tr* ing to find some place of safety. ' The boy staggered to my side- the rocking of the engine made it difficult to keep one's feet-and clutched my arm. I stooped my heod and he yelled into my ear the words, ' Make the bend.' ' I Knew what he meant on the instant. Less than ten miles ahead of us was a bridge over a river, after crossing which the road turn d abruptly southward. It was a freak railway anyhow, and its zig-zags were in tended to pass through as many supposed centres of future population as possible. The only long stretch of it in a straight Una was j ust where we got caught by the tornado If we could get to the bend ahead of the monster we might run out of its tracks. * As you may well imagine, I had no op portunity to consider the plan calmly and in detail, but it struck me like a flash. It was was a race for life sure enough. If that engine never did her forty miles an hour before I think she must have done that and more too, then. With the great funnel cloud rushing on behind us and steadily approach ing, we tore over the rails at a frantic speed. I was fairly crazed by the excitement, so that it almost over came my sense of fear. I re member distinctly that I pulled the whistle cord and let the locomotive scream with all her might, though it could hardly be heard in the roaring of the pursuing tornado. * Six miies passed, as well as I could esti mate. and the monster was only about four miles behind. Three miles more and it had lessened the distance by a mile at least. But we were near the river. A minute later and we were running across the bridge. Ho time then to heed the warning that trains must run slowly over this stream, in obedienee to the sign post. * Over the bridge, we flew around the curve and dashed away southward, just in time to see the mighty balloon pass by with a whirl and a roar, as if all the demons in the in fernal regions were let loose. We could not make out anything very distinctly, the sky being darkened and the air filled with dust, but we knew that we were safe. A few minutes later the clouds rolled away -and everything was as quiet and peaceful as be VIEW OF THE "ISLE OF SEBPENTX" IN THE BAY OF BIO DE JANEIRO. fore the storm. We ran back to the bridge but it wasn't there. It was clean gone, and each, remains of it as wen* left were scattered all over the country. The road was so badly torn up, t' e track for con-idem ble distances being twisted and broken to piece--, 'liat tbe expenses of repairing it bankrupted the com pany. Pleven people lo t their lives by that tornado, which afforded me an experience which I would not repeat for all tbe money in the world.--Washington -tar. 