OHAPTEB XXI. k BTQiKQE HBKTWa. For a miuuto, perhaps, after the disappear ance of Mr. BothWell and tho lawyer into the abysB, tbo MarqnlB of Bt. Aubyn stood there, with strained eyoB and listening ears, and ffaen ho made a Irantic rush at the door. St. Aubyn leaped suddenly aside, and the floor In front of the cabinet uxnt down with a dull crash, the lawyer and Mr.. Rothwell wont down with it. " I'm safe," he articulated, in a strange, choking whisper, as he groped at the lock; " that fall must have hilled them instantly. From the turret down to the old donjon 1 It is terrible to think of, though I Bnt thoy foroed ae to It. Why oouldn't they lot me alone? Oaree this door I— shall I navor get it open? Ah, horn's tho key iu my pooket. I forgot." His hands shook, his very knees bent undor bim. At lest be got tho door opon, and rushed out headlong, as if a ghost were at hia heels, "Seymour, Seymonr I" ho oallodj stumbling on towards the great stairway. From a shadowy corner tho old man sud denly shot up. " What is it — what's the mattsr.mylord?" he gasped, his faoe not less ghastly than his master's. " Who said anything was tha mattor?" re turned St. Aubyn, botly. " Stand afft yoa idiot? Why do you stare at ma so ?" " Oh, my dear young master," entreated the poor old man, with hiB affrighted eyas raised to the young man's faoe, " what have you done?" St. Auburn raised his hand as if to strike at him in his sudden rage and fear. "Will you cease asking me questions?" he orlod- " Nothing is the matter, only I'm going away to-night— this hour. L've had news from London. I must start at onoo. Are you ready to shut up the house, as I or dered?" Ths old man bowed hiB head, and ' then added, in his tremulous voiao : "My lord, wbat have you done with oqr guests 1" "Done with them I" eohoed St. Aubyn, seizing his arm and foroing him down to- words the stairs. "I havo done noohing with thom. Thoy are gone — gone to oatoh the London train — and I am going too. Be qaiok I Have oub tbo horses end shut np tho honBe, and don't csk another question, Ifyouvnluo yourlifo." Tbo old man oboys, wringing his bands and moaning as he descends the winding ctairo. St. Anbyn dartB back to tho door of the black drawing-room, shnts it and lookB it, putting tho key in hia pooket, and thon fol lows in old Boymonr's stops with a strange feeling of roliof, ns if ho had locked his dark night's work oafo and seouro in that turret room. Ho crosses tbo draughty corridor, and makes his way straight to his wife's rooms. Elbe ia yot sitting boforo tha smouldering ashes, wrapped in her caarf, her brown hair dinging to bor whits thin chocks, the tears not yot dry npon her long ashes. Bho is fnot esloon, poor, weary little Bsbh, and lost in a happy dream. A vivid amile lights her otill features, her hands are olauped, and oho maimurn indistinctly : " Ah, Bodmond, Bedmond, la it you?" orics Bess. Qt. Anbyn dtopB on his knees boside her chair, and takos tho nlcadqr flguia iu filu J253i 