Mgnon. (Br Ghay Sibil.) It was stiflingly hot. The river swooned lazily over its still depths and the water-spiders skimmed its sbining placid surface ? in search of a cool log or shady reed under which to hide from the scorching sunshine, and the water lilies hid in the shade of the willows where the ripples ran. in and out about their twisted roots. A beautiful bay horse standing on the muddy bank drank in the water with that soft soo-ish, soo-ieh, that chimes in so musically with the river's flowing and makes a fitting accompaniment to the heat. The bay was very impatient flicking his tail and tossing his head angrily now and again. ' Bother the flies !' said his rider and stooping down patted the horse's neck. ' Come on, old boy,' and gathering up the reins and putting the bay to a canter they soon crossed the flat and drew rein once more in front of the red house on the hill. Here everything that human ingenuity could suggest had been done to keep out the heat, and with a fair measure of success ; cool green Venetians closed in the verandah and as Reginald Clifford entered the wide polished, hall its atmosphere struck him pleasantly. A ladj came out of one of the rooms at the sound of ins iooterteps. ' Well, sweetheart,' he said, as he hung his straw hat on the rack, ' you see I did get back all right in spite of your pro phecies.' His blue eyes were dancing with delight at the sight of her sweetness and her fairness. ' Tes, but you are nearly scorched to death. I really don't think you ought to go out in such heat. You might get a sunstroke. What will become of us if you get sunstroke or something else dreadful ?' she said,, a little wistfully. ' I'll try not to for both your sakes,' he answered, patting her cheek gently. 'Now, Mabel, be reasonable. Where's Mignon ?' ' I'se here.' ' Oh, are you 1' beginning a search round the room. ' Where, Mignon ?' at last, baffled. No answer, only a subdued laughitfg. «« Where is she, little mother P' ' Look under the table,' said the mother smiling, as she lay back in the big cane chair. ' You look so pretty, Mabel ; I do think you get prettier every day.' ' Find Mignon, sir,' severely, ' is it nothing to you that your daughter is lost?' 'No, nothing,' coolly. 'Come out, Mignon, I can't look for you any more, it's too hot. Come here and I'll tell you a story.' ' Will oo give ms fixpence if I come out?' Mrs. Clifford .laughed. ' Will you have a copper nzpence or a silver flspence ?' she said. ' I'll have a real flxpence.' ' Not to be had that way,' said her hus band. ' Ah t now I've got you,' pouncing after a bit of blue ribbon that, fluttered under the cane chair his wife was sitting in, and then enBued a scuffle. Frantic shrieks, laughter, and much childish de light, at the end of which. Mr. Clifford succeeded in unearthing from the hollow in the cane chair a little flushed tumbled heap very much exhausted and Very hot. ?* You little monkey t however did you get in there ?'' he said, smoothing back her shining hair and . trying with clumsy fingers to adjust the yards of blue sash which had resolved themselves into a series of hopeless knots. « Mummy hided me,' The blue eyes looked up, a world of merriment and mischief and keen intelli gence in their depths, a perfect reflection of his own. ' How like you she is, Reggie !' said the mother kneeling by her husband's side and setting to work on the ribbons that had baffled him. ~ ; ?' Fee dreffuly untidy,' said the small personage enthroned on the father's knee. . ~a I hope^on don't mean to insinuate that the resemblance comes in in that particu lar.' ' ;' ' '? .. ~ The child looked up into his face, 'Tell -me . the story,,' demanded she gravely, laying her email head against \nrri- ajqLd-peeping. at him through her hair* ' Onoe upon a time,*' he began, ' there lived a little girl whose name was -r—— .' ' Look, Reggie,' called^ his wife, 'who had gone to th« window, 'we are going to have a storm. . How quickly thoBQ clouds are banking up.' :. '....'..'-,..-.. ' He carried ihe child, oye'r and stood beside her, 'If will be only heat xain,*' he .said. [')'?' .-.'.,' The sun had hidden behind a cloud, and «i.'^^r-idnd..iwej|t..:1-^-,''«bihjag the dead leaves before it ; the heat seemed more intense as the cloudBgrouped together and lmn£ low over ' the1 waitfcig earth, - Tt« windows rattled and a door in a distant part of the house shut with a loud bang. Then the air seemed still, and the flowers bent their heads a little, and the leaves whispered wonderingly. A lightniag flash lit up the room for an instant, and the wife, too,. drew closer to her husband. Another awful peal of, thunder, a sheet of lightning that* seemed jto cover the sky, and then the rain fell in slow heavy drops. The child looked up when she heard the sound and watohed it fall, less slowly, less heavily, -until it became a smart shower, and then, oh wonder and delight to every childish heart, it changed to hail t ' Let me get them I Let me get them ! ' she cried, springing from her father's arms and gathering the tiny balls in her warm little palms. How they crowded everywhere. The verandah -was covered with them, the flower beds were all white, they had beaten down the roses and, huddled up among the scented petals, lay together on the earth, they heaped in the corners of the window sills and melted dripping everywhere ; then the sun oame out from behind the cloud where he had been hiding to look, at the earth in her new white dress and see how beautiful she was. And the sky seemed the bluer and the brighter overhead as the angry storm olonds drifted quickly to the west, and turning called the sun to come and set among their black and angry towers. The remembrance of God's promise dwelt in a full, beautiful bow across the wide arch of matchless blue, and a single star that had just risen seemed to point at it with a faint, white finger. ' Isn't that exquisite?' Mabel Clifford said, indicating the sunset. 'I should like to stay and watch it, only I must go and put some dry clothes on this, bundle of naughtiness before she catches cold,' pick ing up the child. ' I'se dood, mother,' the little one pro tested. ' Yes, Mignon is always mother's best good, my beautiful one, my baby, my bonnie baby.' It faded quickly, that wonderful after glow in the West, and the stars came out one by one just like good people taking their places in church, lighting the long gloaming with their faint cold light. The waim earth Bmelt strangely sweet in the mysterious half-light and everything was still dripping with the clean wet rain. The full moon rose slowly behind the house filling the world with light, falling in a broad belt of silver across the lawn, and peering in long -slanting rays under tbe. sombre shadows of the trees. The house door stood open and a clock; chimed distinctly 12 musical solemn strokes. AlmoBt before the last had died away Mignon' s little figure came out of the house down the three Btone steps of the verandah on to the cold white lawn. The small bare feet sank deep in the buffalo grass, the listless arms hung close by her side, the white nightdress with its dainty lace trimming made the child look like a little ghost. . Poor little sleeping ghost. On, on, across the lawn, dovm the gravelled avenue with the dark trees on either side, through the paddock where the purple lucerne flowered and out through, the slip rail on to the flat. On, on, under the tall Bilent gum trees and down by the sheep path to the water's edge. One bare foot slipped on the muddy bank, and the falling figure struck against a dark, ugly snag which, had reared its jagged, head out of the wet earth, and then the river took the child in its strong . arms and bathed the tired limbB with its coolness and washed the blood away from the dark wound on the temple. The little form lay quietly, the small child face upturned to the Bummer sky, the heavy arms hung down with the palms turned under in the water, and the current carried it slowly and gently away. The moon looked down coldly and calmly on river and wooded shore, on houee and hill, then shone in through an open window across a sleeping face. ' My baby,' the mother said, smiling in her sleep ; V my bonnie baby.' 