, A CHRISTMAS MEDITATION. -' By Bishop D. A. Goodsell, D.D., Of the Methodist Episcopal Church. ? ? San Francisco Cal. - \- i I was struck the other day, while walking in the streets of New York, after an un usually long period of absence^ with a sight which, for the moment, seemed one of the strongest proofs of the Child Christ's vic tory. An immense store, crowded with ' Christmas gifts, had its choicest in a great show window. Beguiled into buying, I found on looking at my bill that I had bought of a Jew. No doubtland thousands 'of others had done this before. It came to me then as a passing and faint surprise, afterward as worthy of meditation. ; The despised Jesus has mastered, for one season at least, the business of the worldi The Christ Child has so prevailed that his traditional enemies must heed him whether they will or no. When that merchant's children see the wonders in their father's store, they muBt thrill with all a Christian child's desires. When they ask why they cannot have their Christmas too, he must explain enough, at least, of the New Testa meat story to tell them why they must pass the day uncelebrated. And so even the toys have come to speak His blessed name ; I saw as I walked on witharoused atten tion how many forms of business were either quickened or changed by the faith of the Church that Christ was born at Bethle hem; and that the wise men brought him gifts. Then I remembered how, but two years since, I saw the same thing in the heathen shops in Yokohama and Hong kong. I doubt not, if that winter had carried me to Calcutta, Madras or Bombay, I should have seen Him in this sense vic torious there. Nowhere could I have gone, except, perhaps, to Afghanistan, Tibet, the Pamir or Equatorial Africa or to some re mote and tenuous civilization, where I would not have seen how deeply the story of the Advent has marked the commerce of the world. Out of these thoughts others were born. . Some have record here. Can it be that all the commercial move ment springing from His birth is without spiritual effect ? Has the world become so accustomed to this presence that His supre macy in the business of the season is with out spiritual effect ? DoeB the toymakor of Nuremberg, Vienna, or the greater genius of America, never think, while fashioning th6se marvels, why He came ? Does the Spirit never, through this avenue, reach the heart ? Though I know not how or where, Imusfc believe that His message and His light must be heard and seen by the men who print and bind these Christmas books, by the women who dress with such amazing pains these Christmas dolls, by the furred and tippeted man who fells these spruces and cedars, by the boys who drag the long strings of prince's pine from the snow, by the hunter who creeps on his game tor the Christmas table, by the gatherer of the mistletoe in the South, by the, maker of the holly wreath and the gatherer of the partridge berry, by the workman who bends the runners of the sled, polishes the steel of the skates, sets the jewel in the ring, leathers the hammers of the piano, pastes the prints on the card,' fastens , the picture in its frame, by the postman and expressman through whose hands the welcome bundles pass. And are the managers of transportation and all who direct these marvels of movement, who are forced to prepare for the Advent season's crescent tide of freight and travel, never touched by the sweet influence, a part of whose expression they so clearly see ? And the maid at the telephone and the man at the sounder, who are earlier and later at their toil just now, are they all without thought of Him whose laws they unconsciously obey in the miraculous in struments they touch ? And when the seamen's rough fare is a trifle smoother and the stokers' a little fairer on every sea at Christmas-tide, is the soul never then stirred by the Nazarene ? My Puritan blood shall not cool my joy in the thought that he is preached in other ways than by the voice and with other songs than those of the cathedral. The precious ness of a soul in the sight of Him who has redeemed it, compels him to seek all avenues of approach, to press against all doors of entrance, to fill by His Spirit all channels of movement. The services of the Church in the Advent season are the highest but not the only helps to Christian memory and heartfelt gratitude. Must it not be true that while the midnight service, the morning prayer, the glorias of anthems quicken the devotions of the privileged, the deprived many may, if devout, reach TTim by their labours or, if not devout, are reached by Him through their toils, Thus Christmas becomes every one's day. Childhood can have no monopoly of it, though His child life inspires it. Chris tians are not its sole possessors, while they are its only true interpreters. Youth cannot claim the whole of it, even while its exuberance give's it' its chief natural emphasis. There are currents beneath the surface motion into which the plummet meditation must plunge, to note their exist ence a nd determine their direction. To the old it is a day of reminiscence, of comparison, of the resurrection of loves and joys buried under the slowly thickening mold of the years. To them and to the middle aged it brings surprises in the marks of change in mind, body, custom and place. Even as I write these words, memory resurrects a toyless morning, an undecorated church, a conscientious secularizing ef the day by a stern but holy Puritan, who yielded to the Advent geniality only in a more bountiful provision for the table. Faces ' that I have loved and lost , awhile ' reappear in the magic photographs of undying affection. Voices of sweetness and strength, made vibrant by my sorrows and my unsubdued longings, whisper and cry to me from the summoned past. Ideals once dominant, now but the sad-faced ghosts of failure, float up to measure their littleness, and, alas ! it may be their stalwartness, by present attain ment. Nothing, perhaps, so much marks the changes as the strength of the events now needed to awaken exhilaration or surprise. It is pathetic to see how little it takes to startle the youth or the maid into ecstacy, how much less the boy and girl. But it is just here that the Christ Child does one of his noblest works in becoming the bond of sympathy between the young and the mature. Mothers taught by the Virgin mother ponder these things in their hearts more than men. That He who was the Word and therefore the expression of the divine thought of mercy and redemp tion humbled Himself to our low estate, smiled from His wide- opened eyes upon the gifts of the Wise Men and ori those who , brought them: these are the tender vei mighty guaranties of the value of child hood in all Christian homes. As love watches the unfolding of; the mind and heart, youth takes on dignity by the ques tions He asked the doctors of the Temple, and young manhood has 'an added grace through the record of His toiling with. Joseph and His emergence and triumph through the attest of the Heavenly Dove. The young in our homes do not know the depth of interest and the purity of affection with which they are enriched, because He was born. Through love's joys and pains they must come to this knowledge, and its - refining discipline can never reach them until the lower love has taken on spiritual illumination and beauty through His trans forming touch. More widely is this true in the estimate put on all manhood as much Jby His birth as by' His cross. Consenting to the value of the familiar arguments for immortality as making, at the lowest, a high probability, yet to the Christian, the coming of Christ out of the eternities and His passing on by the Cross and the Eesurrection to the eternal life again and all in the form of man, these are the assurance of that higher and fuller and promised life than the ' life which now is.' Linked as we are to our brothers in animal life by so many chains of resemblance in the initiation, the con tinuance and the departure of life, faith needs to be re- enforced by the story of the Advent and the Eesurrection The soul whose life is ' hid with Christ in God'' feels the eternal tide flowing through itself and is consaious of powers over which death can have no' victory. No decay of civilizations, no crumbling of walls, no attrition of storms and splitting by frosts, no tombs shrining only dust, no seemingly general law of de trition, no falling back of life force into the general reservoir of energy, can then de stroy its faith in the continuance of a life which has' its roots and revelation in Him. Thus for me this Christmas tide was' lifted above the plane of the mercantile. up to that on which the Divine Force moves. So much as these words express is uttered in the hope that wiser minds, less hurried and itinerant than mine, may broaden the thought into fullness. 