LADIES' COLUMN. NEW STYLISH HAT NEWS LETTER FROM LONDON. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, February 17. The Queen, who is in the best of health ana spirits, is entertaining at Osborne, Isle of Wight, her Majesty's eldest daughter, the Empress Frederick of Germany, and Prince and Princess Adolfe of Schaumburg-Lippe, the Empress Frederick's second daughter, who as ^Princess Victoria was betrothed first to hand some Prince Alexander of Battenburg, the dashing soldier who at one time was Prince of Bulgaria. It has always been .supposed that the love was more on the side of H. R.H. than on that of the bold soldier,. or I may write "bold woosr," for he was but a soldier of fortune, and Bhe the daughter of one emperor and the sister of another. Prince Alexander could not, however, be called mercenary. There were difficulties in the way of the match. The reigning Emperor of Germany, brother of Prinoess Victoria, was strongly opposed to it, and threw every possible difficulty in the way. The Prince's pride was roused by prolonged de lays, to which he saw no end, and ultimately he threw over all pretension to the hand of the lady Rnd the brilliant prospects the match opened up _ to him, to wed an opera singer of very low origin, at the same time resigning as! a consequence of the marriage the dignity of I princedom, and now Prince Alexander is known as Count Hartenau. He and his plebeian wife live in very simple fashion, for their means, compared even with the count's inferior rank, are extremely small; but the pair are Baid to be exceedingly happy together. Whether or no Count Hartenau will ever take advantage of the ciroumstance that his is a morgauatic marriage, and that he is. at any time free to marry in accordance with his rank, remains to be seen. Returning, however, to the deserted lady Princess Victoria, it is said she bitterly felt the secession of her lover, and she chose her present husband because in looks and manners is bore a striking resemblance to the lover he succeeded. Princess Victoria's husband is enormously ricb, which is one advantage, and is said to be amiable. She is a bright charming young woman, and though not at all good looking is a great favorite, and the most popular of the four daughters of the late Emperor and the Dowager Empress of Ger many. The Empress until now has not visited the Isle of Wight since Bhe was there with her Imperial husband in 1888, jubilee year; necessarily therefore her present stay must be fraught with many painful memories. Better than expectation, her Majesty will hold two drawing-rooms this month, after whioh she goes to Florence. Later drawing rooms will probably be held by Princess Christian. The Royal yacht Osborne will embark the Prince and Prinoess of Wales, the Duke of York, and the Princesses Victoria and Maud of Wales next weak for their tour in the Mediterranean. Id is expeoted the yacht will land tho party at Athens in order that they may visit their royal relations there, by which time it is expected the Empress Frederick will also have arrived qt the capital, whither her Majesty is bound in order to be near her daughter, the Crown Princess of Greece, who is shortly expecting her accouchement. The air is more than ever astir with rumors | of tho expected engagement of H.R.H, the Duke of York. I will not speculate anymore on the subject, but merely communicate what I consider three rather significant facts. Last Sunday the Prince of Wales and the Duke of York visited the Duke and Duchess of Teok at Richmond, and in the afternoon the Royal party, including Princess May and one of her brothers, walked in Richmond Park. The Duke of York later on went to Osborne to visit the QueeD, and will stay until Monday. The Prince of Wales and the Princess May will go to the Isle of Wight also, on a visit to the Queen, bo stay until Tuesday. I leave my readers to draw their own deductions from these facts. . The Duke of Marlborough's will has caused some surprise. He has left £20,000 to Lady Colin Campbell, the wording of the dooument being "In proof of my regard and .esteem." It will not be forgotten that when Lord Colin Campbell brought his divorce suit the deceased duke was one of the co-respondents. Lord Randolph Churohill benefits by the sum of £5,000, the amount of the legacy left by his elder brother. There are a few other and J smaller legacies to servants and dependents, and a bequest to his son the present duke, which is subject 'to various restrictions, and all the benefits thereof may be forfeited if he infringes tho said restrictions. The laws of heredity preserve to the heir the property that goes with the title, but everything else the duke leaves to hi3 second wife. Lady Blandford and her daughters do nob benefit in any way by the will. It will be remembered that she divorced her husband before ho became Duke of Marlborough, and that there were three children by the marriage, the present duke being one of them. Report says that the Queen will allow Lady Blandford to assume the title of Duchess of Marlborough, in which case there will be no fewer than three nobis ladies bearing that proud title. Lily, the widowed duchess, seems to be a woman superior to some of the worst foibles of her sex. It was thought that when the heir took possession of Blen heim Palace, and naturally wished for the presence of his own mother, Lady Blandford, Duchess Lily would take up her abode in Paris_ or some place distant from her late palatial home, on the renovation of which so much of her money ha3 been spent. Superior to the jealousy that would have reigned in a meaner spirit the duchess has retired to the Dower House, which is not far from the palace, and is Baid to be on friendly terms with her late husband's heir and his mother, who as chatelaine of Blenheim Palace has taken the place of the widow. With such qualities it is no wonder that Duchess Lily is such a favorite with her mother-in-law, and indeed with mo3b people with whom she is brought into conbaob. The sound of wedding bells has been very much in our ears of late. The marriage of the Earl of Dalkeith, heir to the Duke of Buceleueb, with a daughter of the Earl of Bradford, was an important function; so too that of Lord Lurgan wich Lady Emily Cado gan. The Earl of Cadogau is one of the richest noblemen in England. Then came the wedding of the well-known beauty and wit, Miss Edith Lane-Fox, The will of tho late Fred Leslie—who as a member of the " Comedy" Company and in connection with that queen of burlesque female j actresses, Miss Nellie Farren, visited Australia some years ago—has just been proved. The per sonality is sworn as over £16,000. Mr. Hob son—for that was the actor's real name—was one of four brothers, two of whom are military outfitters. Besides several legacies left to his exeoutors ana other friends and relatives Mr. Hobson bequeathed the sum of £2,000 to Mrs. Ellen Soutar, otherwise Miss Nellie Farren. This lady, though suffering still from the violent abtaok of rheumatism tbathasprostrated hersolongand at one time threatened her life, at once took up her place_ by her colleague's bedside, and never left it during that short sharp agony that terminated the oareer of this inimitable actor at the early age of 38. Mr. Hobson left Beveral children, the residue of his property being equally divided among them. He had been a widower for some years. The fancy dreBs balls given at Covenb Garden under the auspices of Sir Augustus Harris are very aptly desoribed as "London carnivals." There have been two at an interval of a week or ten days, and I need hardly say they have been most success ful. The baronet's capacity for making things " go" is well known. Among the most amus ing and striking "get ups" was a "snow man." Another was that of a " Chinese god" on his pedestal, his hands representing the idol's feet, his legs Burrounded by a represen tation of the pedeBbal. Three ladies were dressed in blue and black, to the general mystification of male admirers. A Zulu armed to the teeth was well got up. The eleotrio light was utilised as a button-1 hole by one _ sportive gentleman. And j four gentlemen in evening dress made conces- j sion to the Spirit of the Masque by wearing scarlet fronts to their shirts, with very curious, effect. Of course it is a very mixed set who take part m these revels. The elite of society; look on from the boxes of the theatre, and a ?.n(* eni°yable sight it is. When alluding to the marriage of Lord Lurgan and Lady Emily Cadogan I omitted to mention that one of the bride's gifts to thei pr$eg^oom was a gold oig&rette- case; and light j box. These were engraved with Lord Lurgan's pet name "Billy" in fac-simile of the bride's own writing. Great excitement prevailed at Westminster on Tuesday morning when it was found that Mr. Gladstone's papers were missing from the House of Commons. They were of more than usual importance, a great State secret being included in them. After a long search the missing property was found in Mr. Gladstone's private room, where it had been put aside in what was supposed to be an empty dispatch box. Her sons and daughters all married, the Empress Frederick on her return from Athens will take up her residence at Cronburg, on the Faunus Hills, where the new house she has built is furnished and ready for occupation. Every ancient family has its ghost, and most families, Royal and other, have their unlucky months. November has been exceptionally and singularly unlucky to the English Royal Family, January is the traditionally nuluclcy month of the Belgian Royal Family, and to avoid all chance of disaster the Court ball was fixed for the 1st inst. It was hoped all chance of misfortune was over, but on the Countess of Flanders returning home before midnight she discovered a mahogany casket in her bedroom had been broken open and the whole of her jewels stolen. The list of missing valuables would fill the columns of a newspaper. Several miniatures set in diamonds are jiuaong the lost property, the value of which is estimated at over £25,000. Fortunately the countess was wearing the magnificent diadem necklace and earrings she had worn at the Royal marriage at Sigmaringen. I am somewhat of a fatalist myself, and have invariably found the last months of the year productive of some especial grief, and this not to the exclusion of sorrow at other seasons by any means. It has only just been made public that H.R.H. the Prince of Wales has not gone yachting with the Princess and her daughters. His Royal HighnesB's destination is said to_ be Baden Baaen, where the Duke of Cambridge has also gone. The coffin of the late Duke of Clarence_ re mains where it was deposited after the tedious funeralrites were euded, that is between the empty sarcophagus erected to the memory of the late Prince Consort and the other which contains the remains of the late Duke of Albany, who has now been dead nine years. I hear that the sculptor entrusted with the work of covering with marble the Duke of Clarence's coffin has completed part of the work, and it is hoped ere long his taBk will be completed. There is something decidedly uncanny in this keeping the body so long above ground—terribly painful muEt be the sight of that gorgeous coffin to loving rela tives, for imagination will picture what ohanges have passed on that loved form that lies in visible, yet within an inch or bo of the hand that lightly rests upon the casket. In Spain, I hear the royal dead, at least the dead sove reigns, are never committed to the grave until they have been petrified. This process takes years to accomplish, and Ring Alphonso, who departed this life more than six years past, is still unburied. The body is placed on a slab under a dripping well, the waters of which pro duce petrifaction, but the process is a very slow one. Apropos to Royal marriages, I hear that the Princesses Victoria and Maud of Wales, as also their cousin. Princess Victoria of Schles wig-HoIstein, have intimated that they will not marry foreigners, and the three sons of the Duke and Duohess of Teck and the sons of Prince and Princess Christian have been named as suitable matches.. As Princess Victoria is sister to two of the princes referred to her choice is more limited than that of her cousins, the Princesses of Wales. The Duke and Duchess of Fife (Princess Louise) and little Lady Alexandra Duff are living very quietly at.their house in Porbman square. 