GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL-ROOM. Mr. A.C. Graham, of Anerley, has re-<*> ceived a prize from the University Correspon-<*> dent for the best collection of school boy "gems" and they are printed in the current number of that periodical. In an ao- j companying letter Ming Graham says:—j " When I learned one day die remarkable fact! that' Haied and Odessae translated Euripides' I felt that the time had come for action ; I was Beized with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts, and as a meansof spreading die'new learning' I began to collect from examination papers and answers in class whatever would throw new light on old Bubjeote. I have been eoine years at it now, and have-pleasure in sendinsr you the subjoined 12 extracts from my 'gems.' They are all bona fide answers, die spelling and punctuation being unchanged; in most cases I have still die original documents from which they are taken." Among "selected specimens" from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, ase die follow ing:— Divinity.—Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold die copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash.—Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the syna gogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, j but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshipped in groves of oak;' therefore the Jews had no dealings with die Samaritans.—Titus was a TfomMi Emperor— supposed to have written the Epistle to die Hebrews—bis other name was Oatea. English History.^-Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his inter ference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress;" and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.—Wobsey was a famous general who fought is die Crimean war, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, "Ah 1 if I had only served you as you have served me I would not have been deserted in my old age."—Wesley was die founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington; a monu ment was erected to him in Hyde Pack, but it has been taken down lately.—Who was Henry I3X? A zealous supporter of die Church and died a Dieaentry.—What is Divine right ? The liberty to do what you like in church. —What is a Papal built A sort of cow, only larger and does not give milk.—Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIIL He said he was die son of a prince, but he was Definitions.—Phoenicians — The inventors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal —A native of Bechuana, in South Africa. Chimera—A thing ?Bed to take likenesses with. Water shed—A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gender—ls the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical—A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immacu late—State of those who have named the entrance examination at London University. Hydrostatics—ls when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. Tfaglish Language and Literature.—Keata wrote a savage criticism on Endymion, which brought on consumption.—The sonnet is a thing that has in ite first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (tnrzette).—Latin of the 4th period was intro duced into the language at the invention of Christianity 597 A.D., when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin-French and the Danes settled die throne for nearly thirty years.— Hamlet was very weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He prof ains mad ness, he really only put it on, but some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting die king asked him if he would have something to drink & he had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait tbe Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet im mediately stabs bis father and drinks the poisin and dies.—What do you understand by the Augustan age in English literature? We mean the time of Caedmon, who flourished and wrote "Comus" about the time that St. Augustine converted the people of Sent. 