FREE-TRADE AND CHARITY- Free-trade, we are often told, is like the Christian religion, always bene ficent in its influence and oporation. Wo may not accept ib as the sole and only guide of life, but the more wo have of ib tho better. We had rather say, perhaps, as lias beon said of other matters before, that free-trado'in its latest developments in England is like to the peace of God, in that it passes all understanding. Free-trade was to feed the people, to give them " un taxed bread " and meat, to make tho work of distribution so' simple that every necessary commodity should be obtained at a minimum cost. Nobody need be hungry or idle, said the propagandists, if trade is absolutely, free. The golden age will return again, and the pipe of Pan will accom pany the "music of the shuttle " in everlasting concord. This same free- trade has had its fling in England for near half a century. It has been fairly worked through, and what are the results 1 A million of idle men. Five million human beings without 'any means of subsistence, and five hundred thousand children ac tually begging for daily bread, It is a result to 'be proud of, a comforting prospect surely to the ghosts of Oobden and Co, if now they have any cognisance of human affairs. But it is not exactly the point we desire to emphasise here. Free-trade always beneficent) has produced in England, with the five million paupers, a very .considerable sheaf of million aires. Cotton lords and great iron masters by the dozen have passed into the ranks of the aristocracy, taking their millions with them. And where are they now 1 The free-trado Government coolly states that the trouble is too great to be dealt with, which is about as merciful and reason able as was Bishop Htto's mandate to set fire to the barn and burn the folks — The rats who only conaumed the corn. But private benificence might step in where the Government confessed its impotence. Those lords of the land created by free-trade (always beneficent) would surely do justice to their origin and show to the world how great a charity their cult could and would develop. The world waits expectant just now, for the opportunity lias undoubtedly arrived, but the world waits, and it is to be feared will continue to wait, in vain. The world seemed generally to be angry about the Jay Gould business, and there was a lack of charity about the distribution, at there had been in the getting together, of his fortune. But Jay Gould was a gambler amongst gamblers. He won his money from investors, not workers. These trade-made folks of England, who clothe their mansions witii flowers imported from the Riviera, who drink the wine of France, and make London magnificent, and almost maintain Rome and Berne, wrung all the gold that gilds them from the actual labor of the people — the people who now in the agony and bloody sweat of extremest poverty appeal to them in vain. Free-trade (always beneficent) will explain the matter away perhaps, but to the ordinarily constituted mind it stands out a stubborn fact, - a conclusive evidence of malignancy. Free-trade propagandists, however, and indeed all who belong to their school of political thought, are accus tomed to tell us that really thero should be no necessity for charity in the world. Remove all bonds, break down all barriers, meddle in no way with the work of distribution, and commodities of all sorts would be so cheap that everyone must needs have enough. What answer do the facts of the time make to such theoris ing as this.? Be it always remembered that in England ample time and every facility has been given to work the theory through. For half acentury every gate has been open and competition has been pructically unrestricted. And now — first comes tho moaning and the wailing of the five million hungry ones ; and when we ask why are they not fed, what answer makes the genius of free-trade? Is it for lack of substance? Are bread and meat lacking in the land ? Are there not wool and cotton enough to clothe them, coal sufficient to warm them ? We know there is enough, and more than enough, of them all, but free-trade, which was to make tho work of distribution so easy and so effective, has somehow managed to get all theso necessary commodities looked up. The people starve in a lancl of plenty, they shiver with cold on the very lips of the coal mines. And the magnates made of free-trade sit each as the Mammon of Watt's great picture, and with just as much mercy in their hearts. We shall do well to study that example, of England just now, for a time comes when the under which king will be put to us, nnd our answer will make our fate. If England, with amassed millions enough, but all locked up, with her agriculture de stroyed, with her London a Babylon whose Vices eould only be described by a J uvenal's pen, her manufacturing cities and mining country, sending up one continuous wail of distress is the ideal we would choose then lot free- trade (always beneficent) live for ever. But surely common sense indicates that better things might have been there, and may be here. Nationalities neces sitate frontiers, and in the long course of events that nation will prosper best which, like Hal o' the Wynd, fights best for its own hand. 