TheStoi»yteller. ., 0 j v.BARBARA'S J, IQWM■;fiX-OJIY; jyT •Pret'ty -Barbara Ferros would ' not marry.. Her mother Was in consternation. 'Why are you so.stubborn, Barbara?' sheasked. ^' you Kave plentydf ddvers.' 4 I want, when I marry, a man who is brave, equal to any-eipergeacy. If I give up my liberty 1 wanted be taken care of.' ' Silly child ! ' What ia the matter with big Barney, the hlacksniith.' ' He is big, but I never learned that he was brave.' 4 And you never heard that he was not. Wh^t is the matter . with Ernest the gunsmith?' ' He's as placid as goat's milk.' ' There is Little Fritz, the tanner ; he iB quarrelsome enough for you, Burely ?' 4 He is 'no bigger than tt bantam cock. It is little he could do if the house was set upon by robbers.' That night Ernest, the gunsmith, knocked early at the door. 'You sent for me, Barbara,'he said, going to the girl who stood upon the hearth, coquettishly warming one pretty foot and then the other. ' Yes, Ernest,' she replied. ' I've been thinking of what you said the other night when you were here.' ' Well, Barbara ?' 41 want to test you.' 'How?' ; ' I want to see if you dare do a very disagreeable thing.' , ' What is it Y ' There is an old coffin -upstairs. It smells of mould. They say Redmond, the murderer, was buried in it; but the devil came for his body, and left the coffin empty at the end of a week, and it was finally taken from the tomb. It is upstairs in the room my grandfather died in, and they say grandsire does not rest easy in his grave for some reason, though that I know nothing about. Dare you make that coffin your bed to-night "?' Ernest laughed. 'Is that all? I will that and sleep soundly. Why, pretty one, did you think I had weak nerves ?' ' Good night, then, I will send a lad to show you the chamber,' said imperious Miss Barbara. Ernest turned straightway and followed the lad in waiting through dim rooms and passages, by echoing stairs, along narrow, damp way6, where rats scuttled before them, to a low chamber. The boy looked pale and beared, and evidently wanted to hurry away, but Ernest made hini - wait until he 'took a survey of the room by the aid of his lamp.' It was very large and > full of recesses, with high windows in them, which were barred across. He remembered that old Grand sire Ferros had been insane for several years before his death, so this precaution had been necessary for the safety of him self and others. In the centre of the room stood a coffin ; beside it was placed a chair. The room was otherwise per fectly empty. Ernest stretched himself in the coffin. ' Be kind enough to tell Miss Barbara that it's a very good fit,' said he. The boy went out and shut the door, leaving the young gunsmith alone in the dark. Meanwhile Barbara was talking with the big bkeksmith in the keeping-room. ' Barney,' said she, pulling her hands away from his grasp when he Would have kissed her, 'I've a test to put you to before I give you any answer. There is a corpse lying in the chamber where my grandsire died, in the untenanted wing of the house. If you dare sit with it there all night, and let nothing drive you from your post, you will not ask me to marry you again in vain.' ' 4 A.re these all the conditions you can offer me, Barbara?' 4 All. And if you get frightened you need never look me in the face again.' . ' I'll take them, then.' So Barney was conducted to his post by the lad, who had been instructed in the Becret, and whose involuntarily stare at Ernest's placid face as it lay in the coffin was int^rpr^ted vby^Barney to be natural awe of a corpse. Be took his seat and the'ioy deft himalbne with the darkness, the rats, and theppflii^ Sobfi After'-young . Fritz, the tanner, arrived, flattered -and hopeful from the fact that Barbara had !sent for him. ' Have~ you changed your mind, Bar bara ?' he asked. . 4 JlOj jmd l shaU not until! kupwtbat you can do a really brave thing.'. " 4 What shall it be ? I Swear to satisfy you, Barbara.' ' 10? I ihayd'lai litfcle ..Reposal to ^fiake' to you. My , plan requires skill as well as courage.' ,...,4Tell.niei/f >,M. ;? ;.r r /- : -?• Well,' in thiS house is a man watching by a Wrpse. He has sworn not to leave his post till, morning.. If .you can make him do it I shall be satisfied that you are ss smart and as brave as I require a hps band to be.'. 'Why, nothing is so easy/ exclaimed Fritz,. ' I can scare him away. Furnish me with a sheet, show me the room, and go to your reBt, Barbara. . You shall find me at the post in the morning.' Barbara did as requested; atid saw the tanner step blithely away to his task. It was then nearly twelve o'clock, and she sought her own. chamber. Barney was sitting at his vigil, and so far all had been well. ' The face in the coffin gleamed whiter through the darkness. The rats squeaked as if a famine were upon them and they smelled dead flesh. The thought made him shudder. He got up ana walked about, but something made a slight noise, as if somebody was behind him, and be put his chair with its back against the wall and sat down again. He had been hard at work all day, and at last, in spite of eveiything, he grew sleepy. Finally, he nodded and snored. Suddenly it seemed as if . somebody had touched him. He awoke with a start, and saw nobody near, though in the centre of the room stood a white figure. ' Curse you, get out of this!' he ex claimed in a fright, using the first words that came to his tongue. The figure held up its right arm and slowly approached him. He started to his feet. The spectre came nearer, press ing him into the corner. . ' The d 1 take you 1' cried Barney, in his extremity. Involuntarily he stepped back; still the figure advanced, coming nearer and nearer, and extending both arms, as if to take him in a ghastly embrace. The hair started up on Barney's head ; he grew desperate, and just as the gleaming arms would have touched him, he fell upon the ghost like a whirlwind, tearing off the sheet, thumping, pounding, beating, and kicking, more and more enraged at the resistance he met, which told him the truth. As the reader knows, he was big and Fritz was little; and while he was pum melling the little tanner unmercifully, and Fritz was trying in vain to get a lunge at Barney's stomach, to take the wind out of him, both plunging and kicking like horses, they were petrified by hearing a voice cry— ' Take one of your size, Big Barney !' Booking around, they saw the corpse sitting up in his coffin. This was too much. They released each other and sprang for the door. They never knew how they got out; but they ran home in hot haste, panting like stags. It was Barbara herself who came and opened the door upon Ernest the next morning. ' It's very early ; one more little nap,' said he turning over in the coffin. So she married him, and though she sent Fritz and Barney invitations to the wedding, they did not appear. If they discovered the trick they kept the know ledge to themselves, and never willingly faced Barbara's laughing eyes again. 