ICitaaiurc. ALL ALONG THE EIVER. By MISS M. E. BRADDON, \- Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'The Venetians, or All in Honor,' 'Aurora Floyd,' ' The Cloven Foot,' ' Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Just as I Am,' 'Taken at the Flood,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike ,' ' Weavers and Weft,' &c;, &c; \- {Published by special arrangement with the author. All tights reserved.] Chapter IX.— 'The Spitefdhest of Talkers xs our Town. ; Iiike most small country settlements little fraternities of well-to-do people who think themselves the beginning and end of the world, Trelasco was slow to rise to any festivity in the way of par by-giving. So it was about two months after Colonel Disney's return before the friendly calls and interchange of small civilities culminated in a dinner party at Glenaveril. It seemed, indeed, only right and natural that the great house of the district, ' great by reason of Lord Lostwithiel's absen- . tf-aAiam elinnl^ Vta ilia 4irah ¥n nffaf etAtolYr Vino. . pitality to the colonel and his womankind, i? he invitation to Miss Leland might be taken as an especial compliment, arms outstretohed to receive one who was a stranger in the land. ? ' We want to know that nice young sister of fours,' Mr. Crowther said to Colonel Disney . pi his patronising way, as they all came out of sbturoh the Sunday before the dinner party. , *' A remarkably fine girL' The colonel did not thank him for this com pliment, which was pronounced in a loud voice amidst the little knot of acquaintances taking leave of each other on the dip of the hill \- -where there was a signpost on .a patch of waste grass, and where road and .. lanes divided, one up the hill to Tywar dreath, another to Fowey, and a narrow wooded lane leading down to Glenaveril and the Angler's Nest. Short as the distance was there were carriages waiting for the Crowtliers, who never walked to church how ever fiue the weather. Mrs. Crowther came to the morning service resplendent in a brocade gown and a Parisian bonnet on pain of being condemned as dowdy by her husband, who liked to put the stamp of his wealth upon every detail. His wife obeyed him with wifely meekness, but the daughters were not so easily ruled. Both were keen-witted enough to feel' the vulgarity of Sunday morning splendor. .So Belinda worshipped in the exaggerated eimplicty of an unstarched jaconet muslin, a yellow liberty sash, a flopping Gainsborough hat, and a necklace of Indian beads, an attire which attracted every eye and was a source of - -wonder to the whole congregation, while Alicia's neat grey cashmere frock, made by the best tailor in Conduit-street, and smart little toq_ue to match, grey gloves, grey silk stockings, grey prayer-book and sunshade, ' challenged criticism as a study in monochrome. Me. Crowther would have lingered for further conversation before getting in the family landau, but Colonel Disney bade a rather abrupt 'good morning' to the whole group and hurried his wife and sister down the hilL ' I'm rather sorry we accepted the Glen averil invitation,9' he said to Isola. ' The man ? is such an obvious cad.' 'Mrs. Crowther is very kind and good,' re plied his wife, ' but I have never cared much about going to GlenaveriL I don't feel that I get on particularly well with the girls. They axe both too fine for me. But I should be sorry to offend Mrs. Crowther.' ' Yes, she is evidently a good souL It wa3 thoughtful of her sending you a ticket for the ball. - A woman with daughters is seldom over kind to outsiders.' ? *' Oh, I believe Mrs. Crowthej's heart wonld be big enough to be kind to people if she had as many daughters as King Danaus.' 'Well, on her account, perhaps it was best to accept the invitation/' ' Dont' be so grand about it, Martin,' said . Allegra. 'You forget that lam pining to see what a dinner-party in a very rich house is like. I have seen nothing in London but lite rary and artistic dinners— third-rate literary . and third rate artistic, I'm afraid — but they were very nice, all the same. Glenaveril IB a place that takes my breath away, and I Am enrious to 'see what a dinner-party can be like there.' * ' Then, for your sake, Allegra, I'm glad we said yes. Only I couldn't stand that fellow ? patronising you. Calling you a fine girl, for sooth !' ; ' Yes, it is an odious phrase, is it not ? Fin afraid I shall have to lire through it, because, like Rosalind, 'lam more than common ?: *aU.5' She drew herself np to her full height, straight as a Teed, bub with fully- developed bust and shoulders, which showed to advan tage in her pale tussore gown— silk that her ' brother had sent her from India. She looked : the incarnation of girlish innocence and girlish happiness — a brow without a cloud, a step as \- light as a fawn's— a fearless, happy nature. Her more common-place features and_ finer igure were in curious contrast with isola's pensive beauty and too fragile form. Disney glanced from one to the other aa he walked along the rustic lane between them, and though he thought his wife the lovelier he regretted that she was not more like his sister. : A man who is very fond of home and who has no professional cares and oscupations is apt to degenerate into a domestic busybody. Martin Disney gave his first sign of thisin ?clination on the day -before the dinner at Glen .averil. 'What are you two eirls going to wear?' he asked. ' At least I don't think I need ask Isola that. question. You'll wear your wedding £own, of course, love?' he added, turning to \- ids wife. 'No, Martin, I am going to wear my grey eilk.' *- I'Grejr! A dowager's color, a soured spinster's color— a Quaker's no color. Idetest grey.' 'Oh, but this is a very pretty gown— the .palest shade of pearl color — and I wear pink roses with it. It was made in Paris. I feel jsure you will like me in it, Martin,' Isola said \- hurriedly, as if even this small matter fluttered iier nerves. ?? .- * 'Not as 'well aa I like you in your wedding gown? That was made in Paris and it fitted you like a glove. I never saw such a pretty vgoffn— so simple, yet so elegant.'.' 'I have been married much tdOjIoDg to dress as a bride.' . = . .? . ' You shall not seem aa a brideVr-excapt to : me, lor my eyes only shall yon^hine in bridal . loveliness. Bride or no bride, what can be prettier for a young woman than a white satin «own with a long train. You can wear colored flowers to show you have not got yourself up as a bride. What do say, Allegra? Give us your opinion— of course you are an authority upon dress.' 'Ob, the white satin by all mean. Isola looks ethereal in white. She ought hardly ever to wear anything else.' 'You hear, Isa. Two to one against you.' 1m sorry I cant be governed by your opinion in this instance. You forget that I last wore my gown at a ball. I danced a good -deal — the floor was dirty — the gown was spoilt £ shall never wear- it again. I hope that will satisfy you, Martin.' She spoke with a touch of temper, her cheeks flushed crimson, and her' eyes tilled with sudden tears as she looked deprecatingly at her husband. Martin Disney felt himself a brute. 'My dearest, I didn't mean to tease you,' he said, . ' wear anything you like. You are fiure to be the prettiest woman in the room. I am sorry the gown was spoilt, but it can't be helped. I'll buy youanother white satin gown the first time you and I are in Plymouth to gether. And pray, Miss Allegra, what bravery ?will you eport?' ' 'I have only a white lace frock that has seen eome service,' replied his sister meekly. ' I dare say I shall look like somebody's poor relation at such a plane as Glenaveril.' . ' Oh, it's sot to be a grand party by any means,' said Isola. 'Mrs. Crowther told tne \- ..she had asked the Baynhani3 and the vicarage people to meet as just in & friendly way.' The party was decidedly small/ for on| ♦reiving with reasonable i'_ punctuality the . Disneys found only one guest on the scene in the person of Mr. Colfox, the curate, who was sitting by ohe-of the little artistic tables show ing a new puzzle of two pieces of interlinked iron to the two Misses Crowther, These young ladies were so intensely interested in the trick of disentanglement that ithey scarcely noticed the entrance of their':jjabther's guest?, and only rose and came over, tp £reet the party three minutes later aa iij§: after thought. . ' : Mr. and Mrs. Crowther, however, were both upon the alert to receive their friends, the lady frankly cordial without the slightest affecta tion or self - consciousness ; tb.3 gentleman swelling with pompous friendliness, as if his manly breast were trying to emerge from the moderate restriction of a very open heart shaped waistcoat. He protested that he was charmed to welcome Colonel Disney to Glen averil, and he glanced round the splendid walls as who should say, ' It is no light thing to eive you the cntre to such a house as this.' Vansittart Crowther was a man of short, squat figure, who tried to make up for the want of inches by extreme uprightness, and had cultivated this carriage until, he seemed incapable of bending. He had a bali head, disguised by one dappled streak of gray and sandy hair, which was plastered into a curl on each side of his brow — curls faintly suggestive of a cat's ears. He had blunt, common-place features, a sensual lip, and dull, fishy eyes, large and protuberant, with an expression in perfect harmony with the heavy, sensual month. Air. and Mra. Baynham were the next arrivals, the lady wearing the family] ame thysts and the historical black velvet familiar in West Cornwall, under whose weighty splendor she arrived short of breath ; the gentleman expansive of shirt front and genial of aspect), jovial at the prospect of a good dinner and choice wines, and not hypercritical as to the company in which. he ate the feast. He shook hands with his host and hostess, and then went over- to the Misses Crowther, who had not thought it necessary to suspend their absorbing occupation in order to welcome the village doctor's wife — a fact which Mrs. Baynham observed and inwardly resented. Mr. Colfox deserted the young ladies, still puzzling over the two bits of iron and went across the room to greet the Disneys. He was an intelligent young man, steeped to the lips in the opinions and the prejudices o£ Uni versity life— Oxford life, that is to say. He ranked as a literary man in Trelaseo on the strength of having had an article almost pub lished in ' Black wood.' 'The editor had ac cepted my paper,' he told people modestly, 'Jout on further consideration he found.it was a little too long- and so, in point of fact, he sent it bank to me in the most courteous manner. He couldn't have acted more kindly ; but I was disappointed. Is would have been suoh an opening, you see.' Ail Mr. Colfox's friends agreed that with such an opening the broad high road to literary fame and fortune would have been made smooth for his feet. They respected him even for this disappointment. To have been ac colleague of George Eliot. He was a tall and rather lean young man, who wore an eyeglass and seemed to live on books. It was irritating to Vansittart Crow ther, who prided himself on his cellar and his cook, to note how little impression food and drink made upon Francis Colfox. , ' He takes my Chateau d'Yquem- as if it were Devonshire cider,' said the aggrieved parvenu, 'and he hardly seems to know that this is the only house where he ever sees clear turtle. The man's people must have lived in a very poor way.' In spite of this contemptuous opinion Mr. Crowther was always polite to Francis -Coif ox and had even thought of him as apis-alhr for one of his daugh fcers. There is hardly any thing in this life which a self- made man respects so much as race, and Francis Colfox belonged to an old county family, had a cousin who was an earl and another cousin who was talked of as a probable bishop. He was, therefore, allowed to make himself very much at home at Glen averil, and to speak his mind in a somewhat audacious way to the whole family. Captain Pentreath, an army man of un certain age, a bachelor, and one of a territorial family of many brothers, came next, and tben appeared the vicar and his wife and one daughter, who made up the party. The vicar was deaf, but amiable, and beamed benevo lently upon a world about whose spoken opinions he knew so little that he might naturally have taken it for a much better world than it is. The vicar's wife spent her existence in interpreting and explaining people's speech to the vicar and had little time think of anything .else. The daughter was characterised by a gentle nullity, tempered by a somewhat enthusiastic and evangelical piety. The chief desire of her life was to keep the church as it had been in the days of her child hood, nearly thirty years before. It was the first time the Disneys had dined together at Glenaveril, so it seemtd only proper that Mr. Crowther should give his arm to Isola, which he did with an air of conferring an honor. The colonel had been ordered to take the vicar's wife, and the doctor was given to Allegra; Captain Pentreath took Miss Tre quice, the vicar's daughter ; Mr. Colfox fol lowed with Mrs. Baynham, and the daughters of the house went modestly to the dining-room afctr the vicar and Mra. Crowther. . - The dinner table was as pretty as roses and Venetian glass could make it. There was no pompous display of ponderous plate, as there might have been thirty years ago on a par venu's board.' Everybody is enlightened now adays. The great ' culture' movement has been aa widespread as compulsory education, and everybody has a taste. Scarcely were they seated when Mr. Crowtfatr informed Mrs. Disney that he hated a display of silver and at the same time he took care to let her know that the Venetian gl&es; was rather more valu able than that precious metal. ' And if it's broken there's left you for your outlay,' he said, 'but it's a fancy of my wife and girls. Those decanters are better than anything Sal ving ever made for royalty.' The table was oval, lighted by one large lamp under an umbrella-shaped amber sbade, a shade which diffused a faint golden glow through the dusky room, amidst which hazy atmosphere the footmen moved like ghosts, while the table and the faces of the diners shone and sparkled in the brilliant light. It was as picturesque a dining-room and table as one need care to see ; and if the Gaiusboroughs -and Keynoldsee, which -here and there relieved . the sombre russet of the Cordovan, leather hangings, were nob the portraits of Mr. and Mrs. Crowther's ancestor?, they were not the ' lees interesting as works of art. Isola sat by her host's side with a silent and somewhat embarrassed air, which her hus band noted her as he watched her from the other side of the table. All the decorations were low, so that no pyramid of fruit or flowers intervened to pre vent a man watching the face opposite to him. Disuey saw that while Allegra, in her place between Mr. Baynham and Alicia Crowther, was full of talk and animation Isola sat with downcast eyes and replied with a troubled look to her host's remarks. There was some thing in that gentleman's manner which was particularly obnoxious to the colonel, a pro tecting air, a fatherly familiarity, which brought the bald shining forehead almost in contact with Isola's eof t brown air. As the man bent to whisper and to titter in the very ear of his neighbor the colonel got through a little duty talk with.Mrf. Trequite, whose attention was frequently distracted by the necessity of explaining Mrs. Crowtber'a polite murmurs to the vicar on the other side of the table ; and this duty done he gave him self up to watching Isola and her host. Why did. she blush eo when the man talked to her? Was it the admiring leer in those fishy eyes which annoyed her, or the man's manner altogether, or was it anything that he said? Disney strained bis ears to hear their conver sation, if that could be called conversation which was for the most part monologue. The man was talking of the hunt ball of last winter. Disney heard such snatches of speech as ' the prettiest woman in the room,' 'everybody eaid eo,' 'LostwithM was evi dently epris.' Mr. Crowther had a penchant for ecraps of French, which decorated his speech as truffles adorn a boned turkey. 'Isn't it odd that he should be such a rover?' asked Mr. Crowther in a lens confidential tone than before. Isola looked up at him as if, hardly under stand ing' the question. . \- 'I .mean ;luosl)witbiel. 'With -such a nice place as fae'has here it seems a pity to be broil ,ing himself in Peru. I never could understand the taste for orchids ; and in his case — well, I hardly believe in it. He is the last man to emulate a* Hooker or a Lawrence. Orchid hunting must be an excuse for keeping away from England I take it. Don't jou tuink so, now. Mrs. Disney f ' I really don't know.' ' You don't know why he should want to keep away. No, no more does anybody elee. Only we all wonder, .dou't you know. He talked to me of settling down in the county — looking after the estate a little. He even hinted that he might in due course cast about for a nice young wife — with a little naoney. And then aU of a sudden off he eaila in that rakish yacht of his and roves from port to port like the Flying Dutchman in the opera, till at last we hear of him on the coast of Peru. Curious, ain't it, Mrs. Disney ?' 'Why -curious?' asked Isola coldly. Was not Lord Lostwithiel always fond of yachting?'* 'No doubt; but when a man talks of settling down in his native place— and then doesn c do it— there must be a reason mustn't there? ' I don't know. People act as often from caprice as from reason.' ' Ah, that is a lady's idea. No man who is worthy the name ever acis from caprice,' said Mr. Crowther, with his insinuating air, as if eome hidden meaning were in the words, and then looking across the table ami seeing the colonel's watohful face he altered both tone aud manner- as he added, ' Of course you know Lostwithiel, Colonel Di3ney T' 'I saw a good deal of Lord Lostwithiel whenhe was a small boy,f answered the colonel ? coldly. 'His father was one of my early friends. But that is a long time ago.' *' How old is he, do you say ?' ' ? 'Debrett will answer that question better than' I can. I have never reckoned the years that have gone by -since I saw him in his Eton collar.' ??!?:?? The men did not sit long over -their wine. The., doctor and Jub host talked agriculture, Mr.:-2»j-'wther discussing all farming operations upon'ja large scale as a man of -territorial magnitude. The vicar prosed about an approaching lecture at the schoolroom and utteily failed in hearing anything that was said to him. Colonel Disney smoked a cigarette in silence and with a moody brow. : Later, in the drawing-room, while the Crowther girls were playing a very noisy duet by the last new Sclavonic composer, Vansittart Crowther directed his conversation almost) wholly to Mrs. Disney, as if ehe were the only person worthy of his attention. He was full of suggestions for future gaieties in which the Disneys went to share — picnics,- boating parties. 'You must help us to wake up the neigh borhood, colonel,' be said, addressing Disney with easy friendliness. 'We are not very likely to be of much assistance to you in that line,' Disney an swered coldly. ?? We are humdrum stayat home people, my wife and I, and take our pleasures on a very small scale.' Colonel Disney's carriage was announced at this moment. He gave his wife a look which plainly indicated his wish to depart aud she rose quickly from the low, deep chair in which she had been sitting in some manner a captive while Mr._ Crowther leaned over the broad, plush-cushiosed arm to talk to her. Allegra was engrossed in a talk about William Morris's last poem with Mr. Colfox, who was delighted to converse with any one fresh from the far away world of art and literature— delighted altogether with Allegra, whose whole being presented a piquant contrast to the Miss Crowthera. But the colonel's sister saw the movement towards departure and hastened to her brother's, side. Briefest adieux followed and th-a first oi the guests being gone a general uneasiness fell upon these whose carriages had been ordered half an hour later. A single early departure will cast a withering blight upon your small and dull rjarty ; whereas from a scene of real mirth the nine muses and three graces might ail slip away unmissed.and un observed. Chapter X. — Or the Weak Mir HeabT; is Weakest. - , \- 'You had better send cards to Mrs. Crowther,. Isola,' said Martin Disney, ;two, days afterwards, when bis wife was sitting at ' her Davenport writing her family, letters. 'Cards ! Oh, Martin, she would think that so very formal. I can call upon her. She is... always at home, on Friday afternoons and Bhe - likes me to .gpl' . ' 'I am 'sorry for .that, since I had ratherjyou should never enter her house again.' ; \ 'Martin !' ' I have nothing to say against! Mrs. Crowther, my dear Ieola. But her husband is more detestable than I could have believed low birth aud unlimited money could make any man. Guileless and inexperienced as you are, 1 think you must have felt that his manner to you the other night was familiar to the point of being insulting.' Isola had felt both embarrassed and dis tressed by her host's attentions — the insinua ting inflections of his fat, pompous voice ; his air of being upon a confidential footing with her. It had seemed to her on that evening as if for the first time in her life before the eyes of men and women she drank the cup of shame. She had said no word to her husband of Mr. Crowther's oppressive familiarity and she had fondly hoped that the matter had escaped his notice. She sat before him now, flushed and agi tated, with lowered eyelids, and one baud restlessly moving about the papers on her blotting-pad. 'My dearest, there is nothing in all this to distress you,' said Disney, with infinite gentle ness; 'it is not your fault that the man is a cad, but it would be my fault if I were to allow you or Allegra to go to his house again.' ' He was not rude to Allegra.' 'No; it 'would be her turn next perhaps. He did not mean to be rude to you. He only wanted to be especially polite in his own odious fashion. There are men in that class who cannot behave decently to a pretty woman or civilly to a plain one. He meant, no doubt, to gratify you by his compliments. What a stress he laid upou Lostwithiel's attention to you at the balL Were his atten tions so very marked ?' ' Oh, no ; not njore to me than to others,' Isola answered quickly. ' He danced a good maiiy times — twice or three times — with Belinda Crowther. Everybody noticed them as the handsomest couple in the room ; not that he is handsome of course — only tail and. distinguished-looking. Allegra came dancing in from the lawn and broke the thread of the conversation. Isola put the three visiting cards into an envelope and addreRsed it to Mrs. Vansittart Crowther. She felt that the kindly matron would be puzzled and vexed at this ceremony from a young person towards whom she had assumed co motherly a tone, urging her to run over to Glenaveril at any hour of the day — asking her to lunch or to tea at least.ouce a week — want- ing to take her for drives to Lostwithiel or railway jaunts to Plymouth. , : I&olawasnot; mistaken, for Mrs. Crowther called three or four days afterwards and up braided her for sending the cards. ' You might have all come to tea on Friday if you had been good- natured,' she eaid. ' Mr. Colfox read us a poem by Swinburne out of one of the new magazines — there are eo many now-a-days that I never re member which is which. Belinda was de lighted wilh it, but Alicia and I can't rise to her height. Mr. Colfox reads poetry beauti fully. You can't judge of his powers by only bearing him read the lessons,' added Mrs. Crowther, as if the English Bible were a poor thiDg. She stopped an hour, praised Isola's tea makiug and the new cook's tea cakes, asked a great many questions about Alldgra's ideas aud occupations, and was as hearty and simple aud friendly and natural as if bhe had been an amiable duchess. . : It grieved Isola to be obliged to r&fuse; an invitation to luncheon, most cordially pressed 'I would drive you both to Lostwithiel after lunch and we coula do our little bit of shop ping and then have a cup of tea at the Talbot while the horees had their mouths washed out and I'd show you the room where your brother's wile was so much admired last winter, Miss Leland, and where I hope you'll have many a good dance next winter. Now the ice is broken we mean to go on wjth our balls, I can tell you. Indeed, my girls are thinking of trying to get up a tennis dance club about the end of September.' This was the last time Mrs. Vansitratt Crowther appeared in tbis friendly manner at the Angler's Nest, for after two or threefurther invitations to a picnic — to tea — to lunch — had been declined in most gracious little notes from leola that good lady perceived that there was some kind of barrier to frien-dly intercourse between her and Colonel Disney's wife, and she told herself with some touch of honest middle class dignity that if Martin Disney was proud &he; coml be proud too, and that she would make no further offer of friendship which was undesired. 'I euppose he thinks because ho comes of a good old family, while we have made our money in trade, that we are not quite good enough to associate with his wife and sister,' she said to her daughters. 'I thought he was too much of a gentleman to have such a petty feeiing.' : ':How innocent you are, mother,' cried Alicia contemptuously. 'Can't jou eee that they are all bursting with envy ? That was what made the colonel so gloomy and disagree able the night of our little dinner. He was vexed to eee things done with as good taste as - iu a nobleman's bouse. It cuts these poor gentilities to the quick to see that. They don't much mind our being rich if we ..will - only be vulgar and uneducated. But iie&eii; we have the impertinence to be as well up in the ways of good society as they are them selves they can't forgiveus. Good tast^|ii a parvenu is an unpardonable sin.' ,' . y'C 'Well. I don't know,1' mused Mrs. CrpwjEber sadly. 'I'm sure there's neither pride nor feuvyinlsoLn, and Miss Leland looks a frank, 'Straightforward 'girl, above all foolish non sense ; so it must be the colonel's fault that they've cut us,' . ' 'Cut us,' echoed Belinda, 'the Angler's Nest cutting Glenaveril is rather too abaurd an idpa.' 'My dear, you don't know the importance Cornish people attach to old family, and the Disnejs are veiy old family — and no one can deny that he is a gentleman,- though we don't like him.1' 'Ob, no doubt heconsides that lie belongs to the landed gentry. He has bought Rowe's farm, 200 acres. He had 40 to oegin with, so he is now lord of 300 acres, just half our home farm.' 'His cousin. Sir Lake Disnev, has a large estate near Marazion,' eaid Mis. Crowther meekly. 'Yes, but we don't reckon a man's impor tance by his cousin's estate. Colonel Disney is only a squatter in this part of the country.' Alicia pronounced the word with gusto. It had been whispered to her that the squire of Fowey bad spoken of her father — who counted hi3 acres by thousands — aa a squatter. That unimpeachable importance, founded upon the established respectability of bygone centuries — centuries iu which men wore armour and women breakfasted on beef and ale — was not to bB bought with gold find silver, and the want' of it often made the Miss Crowthers angry. Diamonds they could have, and land; art, and beauty, even 'the ways and manners of good society, but they could not buy them sfelves a history. Everybody knew' that tbeir splendors had all come out of a cloth mill, that their gold for the uioab part bad been squeezed out of pestiferous woollen rags from Jewish quarters, in strange cities ground into shoddy and rolled oS the loom as smooth and lustrous cloth. Mrs. Crowther was sorry to lose Isola as a friend . and protegee. Her daughters were furious at the slight implied in this gradual dropping away. They passed Mrs. Disney and her sister-in-law with their noses in the air as they went from the church porch to their carriage. They cut them ostentatiously if they met on the quiet country roads. Mrs. Crowther would still stop to speak and shake hands, albeit she urged no further invitations. And while the gulf widened between the great house and the emal1 one the glorious Cornish summer waned and slowly, elowly melted away, lingering very late in that fair western land, which was full of flowers even when the home counties were being withered and blackened- by the first frosts. At last came winter and the gradual turn of the year, short days slowly lengthened out by leisurely sunsets, pale snowdrops glimmering in the borders, and then the gold of crocuses and the bright blue of the Siberian bell -flower in patches of vivid color, and then hyaoiuthB and tulips, primroses on every bank, narcissus and jonquil in every, garden, and then the full glory of bluebell and hawthorn blossom. And auqn in the middle of May came an. advent ia whioh all the interests of Colonel Disney's life seemed to culminate. In that balmy May time Isola's firstborn son came into the world, and Isola's youpg life hovered at the gate of death in so terrible an uncertainty that Mar tin Disney's hair grew grey while he awaited the issue of the contest betweeen youth aud disease. For more than a week after the birth of her baby Isola's condition had satisfied the trained nurse and the kindly doctor. She was very white and weak and she showed Ies3 interest in her baby than most young mothers — a fact which Mr. Baynham ascribed to overeduca tion, 'The youDg women of the present day arn't half such good mothers as those I used to attend when I began practice,' he eaid dis contentedly. 'Their heads are stuffed with poetry and eueh like. They're nervous and fanciful, and the upshot of it all is that babies have to be ?wetnursed oi brought up by hand. If I had the making of a new republio I wouldn't allow any married woman the run of a library until she had reared the last of her babies. What does a young married woman want with book learning ? She ought to have enough to do to look after her husband and her nursery.' Before the baby son was a fortnight old fever supervened and Isola's state gave poor Mr. Baynham the deepest alarm. A hospital nuue was sent for to assist) the established . custodian, and a great authority was brought , over f roai Plymouth to approve the village ^doctor's treatment acd to make a trifling altera tion in a prescription, substituting bromide of sodium for bromide of potassium, j Many days and nights of, delirium followed the physician's visit, a period in which the patient was watched at every hour of the day and night; and one of the most constant watchers through all that dreary time was Martin Disney. It was in vain that Allegra and the nurses urged him to consider his own health. He would consent only to leave the sick room for briefest intervals of rest. Day after day, night after night he sat in the same chair beside the bed— an old-fashioned arm chair with projecting sides, which almost hid him from tne patient. He was never in the way of the nurse. He was always helpful when a man's help was needed. He was &o; quiet that it was impossible to object to his presence. He was there like a statue of patience. No moan escaped his pallid lips, no tear stole down his haggard cheek. He eat and watched and waited for the issue, which was to make him him happy or desolate for ever. All his future was involved in that issue. He looked with a faint smile upon the pink little baby face, when they brought his son to him. No one would have dared to suggest that he thould take care of himself and be comforted for that little one's sake. They all knew that his firstborn was as nothing to him. All his love and care, all his hopes and his fears were centred in the wife who lay upon the bed with glassy eyes and babbling lips, a wanderer in a strange shadow world full of torturing images — fountains of bubbling water which flne longed to drink— great black ser pents, which came crawling in at the window and creeping nearer, nearer to her bed — wriggling hideous forms that hemmed her in one every side — giant staircases that she was always trying to climb — mammoth caves iu whioh she lost herself, fifty times bigger and more awful than those serpentine caverns near the Lizard, whioh she and Allegra had ex plored in the previous autumn — steeper, stonier, than the tall cliffs and pinnacled rocks above Bedruthan Bands. Day after day, night after night, Martin Disney sat in his place, and listened to those ravings of a mind distraught. He could not keep himself irom trying to follow her in that labyrinth of disconnected fancies — visions of shapeless horror, trouble, confusion— a piling up of numbers, millions, billions, trillions — as if her days of health and eense had been spent the calculations of a Rothschild, she who could scarcely add up the simplest account in a trades man's book. What bad she to do with this torturing re cital of thousands and millions, this everlasting heaping up of figures ? . Then. at another period, p| that long struggle between life and death, .reason and unreason, -she had a ghastly vision of two children squatting on each aids of her bed, one living, the other dead, a grisly child with throat cut from ear to ear. Again and again she conjnred them to take away tbcee babies — the dead child — the living child which grinned and made faces at her. Once and once only during that season of delirium the elder of her nurses carried the baby to her bedside, the tiny and delicate form in snowy cambric and lace, a little roseate face, on which the first glimmer of in telligence was already dawning, sweet' blue eyes that smiled 'at the light, rosebud Hps that invited kisse?. The nurse took the infant to the side of the bed and asked the young mother to look at him. Those fever- bright eyes stared at the sweet small face with a gaze of ever-growing horror, and then with a wild shriek Isola clasped her hands before her eyes and drew herself cowering to the further ' The dead child,'she cried. 'Why do you show me that dead child? Don't you see his throat streaming with blood '!' ? It was a case in which- the nurses had no easy duty by day or night, and there were times when Disney insisted that the night nurse should have extra rest,- while he kept guard. - 'But if she should be very bad, sir, you might not be able to manage.' ' Ob, ye s,ll should. My sister is a very light sleeper. She would come to me in a moment, and she has a great) deal of influence with my wife.' This was true. From the. beginning of evil Allegra's presence had c-xercised a toothing power. She had been able to lull the patient to sltep sometimes when opiates had failed to produce even fitful slumber. Isola was calmer and lets restless when her sister- in law was by her side. In those long night watches, sometimes in solitude, Martin Disney had ample leisure in which to ponder upon his wedded life and to consider now far tho hopes with which he had entered upon that life had been realised. _ The retrospect left him melancholy and with a latent tense of loss and disappointment, aud yet he told himself again ? and again that he did ill to be dissatisfied, that Providence had dealt kindly with him. At forty years of age he, Martin Disney, of modest fortune and eocial status and of no especial claim to be adniired, intellectual or physical, had_ won the hand of a lovely and interesting girl. He had s been so bewildered and overcome by the delight of his conquest that he had entered upon no laborious process of self examination before he took to ?himself this fair and winning partner. It had been enough for him that she came to him willingly, lovingly, in all truth and girlish simplicity, loyal as she was pure. He had never asked himself could such an attachment last— on her side? Id bad been enough for him that the love existed. It -would be his duty and his delight to strengthen the bond, to draw that fair spirit into closer union with his own. He had felt no shadow of fear for the future. Once having won her it must be easy to keep his treasure, easy for hjm who would so faithfully guard and eheiish this - priceless gift of a benign Providence. He was a man of deep religious feeling, a man who r°oognised in good and evil, in joy and _ in fiorrow, tho dealings of an Almighty God with His shortsighted creatures. He accepted Isola's love as the crowning blessing of his life— accepted it in fear end trembling, know ing the instability of all mortal joys— but he had never feared the loss of her love. Yet now, sitting in the deep of night beside that bed which might be the bed of death, he told liimself that his wife's love was_ lo&t; to him, had been lost from the hour of his return to Trelaseo, when be went back to her with all the enthusiasm of a lover — forgetful of his mature years, of his long experieno-- of life, hard fighting, hard knocks of all kinds in the great life battle. He had Rone back to her as Leander to Hero — a boy iu heart and hopefulness — aDd what had he found her ? A placid, obedient wife, gentle almost to apathy, 'but with a strain of melancholy underlying all thfir relations which bis devoted love could not conquer. To all his interrogations her answer had been the same. She was not unhappy. She had everything in life that she desired. There was nothing that he could give her, no change in their existence which could be brought about that would add to her content. All this should mean domestic peace, a heart at ease ; yet all this was unsatisfying to -Martin Disney, for his instinct told him that his wife was cot) happy — that the element of gladness was for some inscrutable reason banished from her life. She had seemed happier, or at least the little home had been brighter and gayer after Alle gra's coming, but as the. time wore on it be came clear to him that the life and gaiety were all in Allegra herself and that I&ola; was spirit less and depressed. It was as if the spring of her life had snapped, suddenly and left her nerveless and joyless, a submissive, unhopeful creature. That sense of disappointment and loss which he had dimly felt, even when his home-coming had been a new thing, had grown aud deepened with tho passage of time. He had bought his land, he had added to the space aud comfort of his house, he had enlarged the stables and bought a couple of hunters, and a cob for harnee?, and while these things had been doing the activity of his days, the work of arrangement and supervision had occupied his mind so pleasantly as to stifle those growing doubts for the time being. But when all was done, when the vine and the fig tree had been planted, and he Bat down to take his ease beneath their umbrage, then he began to feel very keenly that hia wife's part in all that he had done was the part of submission only. She liked tbis or that because he liked it. She wa3 content; and that was all. And the line between contentment and resignation is so faint a demarcation that it seemed to him sometimes that she were only resigned ; as if she suffered life rather than lived ; suffered life as holy women suffer some slow wasting disease, in meek subjection to a mysterious decree. He sab beside her bed while she battled with all the demons of delirium ; and he wondered whether when she had been at her best — when her mind had been brightest aud clearest— she had been any nearer to him than she was now in her madness ; whether he had known any more of her inner self, the mystery of her heart and conscience, than he knew now while those wild eyes stared at him without sight or knowledge. One summer morning as he sat alone iu his watch in that dull interval between darkness and dawn, the visions of the wandering mind took a more consecutive form than usual. She fanoied herself iu a storm at sea. The waves were rolling mountains high, were bearing down upon her with threatening3 of instant death. She feared and yet she courted them. In one minute she was recoiling from the wild rush of waters, clinging distractedly to the braS3 rail at the head of her bed, crouching against) the wall as ii to save herself from an advancing wave ; and in the next minute she sprang out of bed and rushed to the open window, wanting to throw herself out of it. Disney was only just quick enough to seize her in his arms and carry her back to bed. He held her there, battling with him in a maniacal effort to' escape from hi3 restraining arms. ' Why do you stop me?' she cried, looking at him .fiercely with her distracted eyes. 'What else is there for me? What other refuge, what other hope? Let me go, let me go. .Cruel, cruel, cruel! Let me throw myself into the sea. ' Dou't you understand? Oh, cruel, cruel-! Gold and wicked, heartless and cruel ! There is nothing else — only that refuge left. Leb me hide myeelE in death— let me hide-^hide !' Her voice rose to a shriek and both the nurse and Allegra came rushing in. The faint white dawn shone upon her livid face and on the scarlet spot upon each hollow cheek. Her eyes started wildly, starting from their sockets in the awful climax of her madness. f To he continuii. ) 