TEE R16HT SORT. A Romance in Thirty-seven Chapters. > By Mrs. Edward Kennard. CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued.) "Most of them clonfc require any aid. There's Mrs. Forrester knows quite as much, if not more, than I do myself ; Mrs. Paget, who would never understand what one wished to convey ; and Miss Palliser, who would he mortally offended by any advice, No, I.am perfectly satisfied, and shall be quite content if only my pupil will promise to obey tho orders of her trainer. The question is," looking at her somewhat anxiously, for though as a rule his own nerve was steady as a rock, it broke down hopelessly under the -strain -of tho possible chapter of accidents which this race exposed Kate Prewser to, " will she promise 1" " Of course she will," she answered readily. "That is to say, unless circumstancos over which she has no control decide otherwise, I shall ride implicitly to orders, like a six-stone nothing boy. Does that satisfy you 1" " I shan't be really satisfied," said he nervously, " until I see you and King Olaf cantering in ahead of every thing else." " You dreadfully nmbitous man ! And what if your pupil disappoints your expectations after all?" " She will not. I have every confi dence in the ability of herself and horse. Nevertheless, I wish to good ness the thing was well over." She had never seen him so anxious and restless, or his calm manner so disturbed. Could it be possible that he was a coward at heart? But no, she knew better. " What's the matter with you ?" she said ; " are you trying to make me afraid ?" " God forbid ! But I can't help it. I'm horribly afraid myself." "And so am I," chimed in poor Mary Whitbread, who ia spite of the .pleasure of Mr. Grahame's society was white as a sheet and trembling from top to too. " What nonsense !" said . Kate, lightly, " You two tulle as if you expected me to be brought back on, a stretcher. I beg leave to state that I have not the smallest intention of de parting this life." "Please don't . hint at such a horrible possibility, Kate," said Mary fearfully." "I shall turn up again, never fear. I'm not a bit afraid, and I won't be frightened. So there I" She said these words with such determination as to silence her companions, while her tightly-set lips and the resolute ex pression of iter countenance betokened a firm resolution not easily shaken. But now time was progressing, so they adjourned to the paddock, where King Olaf had just put in an appear ance. Old Stirrup walked by the side of the horse, and led him proudly round and round, while ever and again his rugged face lit up with a smile of triumph, when some suoh admiring remarks as " 'Ee's a good 'un, 'ee is." "There goes tho win ner," etcetera, fell upon his ear. And indeed King Olaf fully deserved the flattering encomiums heaped upon him oy the public at large, for in the last three weeks Colonel Clinker had taken great pains with his condition ing, and, short as the time had been, had effected a considerable improve ment in his appearance. As King Olaf walked jauntily by, swinging his tail from side to side, moving with that light springy step peculiar to him, he looked a perfect beauty, and so sleek, gentle and docile few would have given him credit for possessing such high courage and daring. His mane had been carefully plaited that morning by Kate's own white and nimble little fingers, and his whole appearanco was that of a racehorse. True lie scorned a triflo lighter in the barrel than he had done a month ago, and then what flesh he now car ried was hard ancl firm as a board, while the muscles on his strong arms and thighs could almost have been counted. Colonel Clinker had given him his last gallop, and knew tho horse to be not only fit and well in himself, but also in all probability (though still of course but imperfectly trained) in a far better state of condition than any adversary lie would bo called upon to meet. Ho entertained small fears of King Olaf, his chief anxiety being on Kate's account. Ho called up all sorts of imaginary dangers, and ren dered himself quite miserable in their contemplation. She might fall, she might be cannoned against, she miuht be jumped upon, she might not be able to hold King Olaf, she might oven be dragged and killed outright, Thero were m v; ' 'o bis m-iiefies, which I grew in intensity as the hour drow nigh, until they became almost un bearable. "Swear to take care of yourself," ho whispered in Kate's ear as she disappeared into tho dressing-room. The color had almost forsakon his cheeks, and his voice trembled with emotion. "Dear me, how timid we are to be sure," she exclaimed flippantly, trying to resist the impression he pro duced, but the evident intorest he took in her welfare touched her in spite of herself, and prompted her almost, involuntarily to hold out her hand: He grasped it warmly, . and . 'she' added with a little reassuring nod— - "Au revoir, my revered, pastor, and, master. Cast aw ay all fear as . un worthy both of us. I tell you every-, thing will bo right. " Your pupil has not the slightest intention of disgracing, either herself or you."' And then she vanished behind the heavy folds of the red curtain conceal ing the doorway, and left him tolthink what, an idiot lie was, and yet how- impossible it was to help being one where she was concerned. " She's a veritable sorceress, a witch, ' an enchantress, and I am her. slave!" reflected J ack Clinker, as ho wound his way to the paddock in. order, to superintend the saddling of King Olaf. " I wish to God I' were a rich man, I'd ask her to marry me to-morrow., not that I expect I should have the ghost of a clianco. Thero are some women one feels sure of, but she is full of contradictions— charming one minute, cold tho next, made up '"of variety; tantalising,- sarcastic, love- able and delightful by turns) -but not the sort of girl to. Jet a fellow think she cares two straws about him, whether she' does' oi' not. "Well, for my part I like such women. Easy conquests lack piquancy, arid' nothing good in this world is to be obtained without trouble, delay and striving. All the same, I wish she -were not so damnably ricli.: It makes a man look like a fortune-hunter, and no one gives him credit for disin terested affection. If I' propose to Miss Brewser kind friends would say I 'eared only for her money. Heigh-ho I It's uncommon hard lines, in moro ways than one, being a pauper, or next door to it. A chap's' obliged to stick to his bachelor habits when all the income he possesses barely suffices to pay his cigar and flower bills, and yet, upon my soul, I'm getting awfully sick of single blessedness !" While awaiting Kate's reappearance lie purchased a card, and looking over it found there were but six horses colored, namely, Lady Anne Birkett's brown gelding Hastings, aged, ..pedi gree unknown ; yellow and black stripes, yellow cap. Mrs. Forres ter's Singing Bird, by Musician out of Lightheart ; Bcarlct, scarlet:and black cap, Mrs. Page t's grey gelding Duncan Grey, aged, pedigree un known, chocolate, pink sleevos and cap,- Miss Browser's ohestnut gelding Kink Olaf, by Norseman out of Ico Maiden, six years old, sky blue and gold.' Mrs. Phipp's black horse Black Anster, aged, by Historian, dam un known, cherry, yellow band ; and Miss Palliser's bay mare Coquette, five years, by The Beau out of Suandal. "H'm," said Colonel Clinker, when Kate re-entered tho paddock in ail the glories of her racing kit. Out of that lob we may dismiss two— Hast ings and Duncan Grey — straight away. Poor old Hastings is a long sight too far gone in the forelegs to take to steeplcchasing as an amuse ment in his declining years. I should not be at all surprised if ho did not even get round the course. As f<y Duncan Grey, he's a slow, lumbering brute, who can't gallop faster than you can kick a hat along. Pie's no more use than a headache, and though a fairly good fencer will not prove very formidable. Singing Bird is a well- bred animal, ancl the best of Mrs. Forrester's lot, but with that lady's mania for purchasing cheap oats and mixing thera with all sorts of experi mental articles of food I very much doubt her ability to stay. Neverthe less, though not in the same street with King Olaf, it won't do to esti mate Singing Bird's chance too lightly." (to be continued. 1 