SOME QUEER TRADES. A curious vocation is that of the men who sit on the London sidewalks drawing pictures on the flags m particoloured chalk. At night they bring roughly extemporised lanterns to bear on their work, a bat being placed alongside to receive contributions from passers-by. Sometimes they get quite a little money from foreigners, who are struck by the novelty of the idea. And as things go, it is an easy enough way to make a living. There is another set of men in London who pick up a precarious living by giving kerb stone recitations. For the small sum of 6d (collected in advance) they will recite a poem, impressively enough, and then seek another street corner to repeat the performance. Not long since I discovered a man in New York who makes a specialty of matching lost buttons. His shop, a dingy little low-ceilinged room, was surrounded by shelves, on which were piled boxes of, buttons of all sorts. and conditions. While I was, there a girl came in and asked him if he had any like those on her jacket. He took down several specimens, and presently found one which he sewed on. She paid him 10 c. That is the usual price, though rare buttons some times come higher. At regular intervals he goes round collecting buttons among tailors and dressmakers, who save them for him and sell them very cheap. He has a set of regular customers, and they rarely go away without finding exactly what they want. A rather curious little industry which flourishes on the river front is the sale of second-hand canaries. The birds are pur chased after they have lost their voices or contracted some disease, and are dyed until their outward appearanuce is attractive, but out of a dozen there is not one that is capable of uttering a single note. They are sold at a considerable profit, usually to verdant gentlemen from the suburban districts, or to Italian women, who convert them into fortune telling " Indian birds," and exhibit them on the street corners of Gotham. During a ramble in the Italian quarter of New York I once came across a curious concern which does a thriving business. It is an organ hos pital, where hand organs are doctored and " brought up to date." It was a barn. like room, filled with rows of barrel and piano organs, old and new. Comrades was being hammered with steel tacks into one, while Maggie Mlurphy's Home was being impressed in the same fashion upon an other. Another of the curious institutions of Gotham is a "pet hotel," where fami lies going out of town can lodge their dogs, cats, or birds. The charge for caring for these domestic pets averages anywhere from 50 cents to 2dol a week. There is a gentleman in the Bowery who makes a specialty of painting over black eyes, and at times he does a thriving business. If you have been out with '. the boys" and got into a fight in which your face is damaged, this artist will disguise all tell tale marks of dissipation, and thus save you many embarrassing excuses. I know one man in New York who plies a trade that is decidedly unique. He bought an old dismantled tug boat that had been sunk, and obtained permission to anchor it in the upper biy off Bedloe's Island. Here this sparrow mariner lives all the year round, and turns an honest penny by allowing becalmed schooners and storm tossed canal boats to tie up to him for the night, charging so much per hour. In heavy weather his receipts ara quite large. There is another enterprising in dividual who runs a modern Gretna Green on the top floor of an office building in Upper Broadway, where eloping couples can be united " by legal contract" without going through the formality and publicity of a church wedding. So, again, there are quite a number of women in the French quarter who act as professional match makers. They charge three per cent. commission on the marriage portion, which the bridegroom has to pay.. There is another set of women in New York who make a business of dusting valuable china and bric & brac, while others have a specialty of arranging dinner tables. An industry which is not catalogued in the list of trades is that of grey hair pull ing, but quite a few women in New York make their living in this way. A singular occupation for women in London is that of C. conversation crammer," whose business it is to coach up ladies for dinner parties. In the Rue de Ia Chauseds d'Antin, in Paris, there is a man who furnishes professional diners out as a fixed tariff rate. It is to him that superstitious hosts apply at the last moment when they requiro a fourteenth guest. There is a human hair market at Morlons, in France, where girls offer their tresses to the shearer, who goes round every alternate Friday. The scarcest of hair is pure white, and, this being the colour for court coiffures throughout Europe, the demand for it is on the increase. "Convent hair" s also an article highly prized by the trade. When a young woman takes the veil her hair is cut off and the tresses are sold for the benefit of the convent. As the hair is cut pretty close to the head, the tresses are usually long, and thus onve ant hair" has a snecial value. Most of the false hair, however, which comes upon the market is imported from Canton, where it is taken from the heads of beggars, criminals, and corpses.. As is well kno N, dog barbers form an important trade in Paris, and the appear ance of the French poodles which are seen about the streets gives :evidence of their skill. Shaving corpses is another peculiar branch of the tonsorial art. Yet there are barbers who make a specialty of it, and who earn more than those who shave living persons. I know of a man on Centre-street, in New' York, who was once a plain journeyman barber, and who had to work 14 hours a day in order to pay rent and buy food. One day an undertaker in the vicinity had a corpse who needed a shave, and he sent for the barber, who went down and made a beautiful job of it. That was the, starting point. To-day he has more business than he can attend to, and keeps a couple of men whom he calls on when the corpses come too fast. The echo destroyer is a specialist who is in demand for halls and churches whose a?oustic properties are faulty. He remedies the fault by a scientific stringing of wires, Time was when the professional ghost hunter was accounted an important personage. This profession has recently been revived, and at least one gentleman finds it sufficiently profitable to pay for the printing of cicou lars which he has addressed to "landlords, house agents, and those whom it may con corn," in which he states that-he " will be pleascdtoinvestigate andreportuponanyre puted haunted house,ascertaining the cause of, and putting a stop to, all seemingly un accountable shrieks, cries, groans, and spirit rappings, at the shortest notice." The following advertisement, which I recently cut from a New York daily, suggests another decidedly odd calling : "Unruly and wayward boys disciplined at parents' residence." There is a Chinamuau in San Francisco, named Moy Hoe, who is employed to seek out and gather together the bones of his deceased countrymen for shipmsnt back to China. In following this curious occupation he travels incessantly from one end of the United States to the cther. To parade Broadway in the garb of an Indian with a view to advertising dumb bells is another curious mode .of keeping the wolf from the door. But probably the queerest living advertisement of all is the " Lone Fisherman," who sits on a Four teenth-street roof. from morning until night catching imaginary fish in invisible water. Another odd way of making a living is that of the man whc sits inside the chess automaton at the Eden Musee. : There are some people who earn a livelihood by pick ing up peachastones and making baskets out of them. Others, again, wash postage stamps and sell them for new. I know one man in New York who hires out artificial teeth, and another who is a pawn ticket broker. His method is to attend a sale, buy in goods and then repawn them. After that he floats the tickets. There is another individual of my acquaintance who earns a neat if not prosaic living by winding clocks in different parts of the city, each day taking a different route. Tea tasting is a rather queer profession, yet there are about 200 men in New York who make a living by it. They get from 70 to 150dol a iveek: The habits of the men are exceedingly curious. So are their offices. Lo drift into one of these places and find a man sitting 'half dreamily at a revolving table and sipping alternately from 40 or 50 different cups, as with monotonous and regular movements of the hand he revolves the table, would be a surprise to the average unsuspecting citizen. Sometimes a curiously contrived sign will give an out of the way flavour to a commonplace calling. Thus the name "umbrella hospital" invests parasol mending with a certain whimsical interest, and the quaint legend over a country cobbler's door, "Soles saved here," does the same for shoe mending. I remember once seeing a singular announce ment over a photograph gallery. It read, "Misfit photographs for sale." This, the proprietor told me, brought him many cus tomers. Mothers, for example, with little children often bought pictures of children with long hair, when that of their own had not grown, and. sent them to friends at a distance. Brides' photographs, he said, also sold very well. " Plots of Novels for Sale. Prices Rea sonable." So runs a sign in a window of a little shop on a street running off the Strand, which I discovered on my last visit to London. On making enquiries I found that the occupant of the shop wasaparalytic college student, who had conceived the idea of making a living by selling skeletons of stories. The succes' of this original busi ness is remarkable. The pl,t maker drives a paying trade with writers for the cheap papers. Another curious calling is that of a "scriver." These worthies manufacture the cards for the sham cripples and bogus blind men who infest large cities. London is singularly prolific of these imposters. They -mostly emanate from two or three common lodging houses. The most popular of these, to which I: obtained admission, is known as "The Dispen sary." It is here that the "scrivers" hang odt; and an industrious one can live com fortably on his talents. The professional beggars of Paris have an organ of their own, called the Journal des Mendicants (" Beggars' Journal'.'). It appears twice a week, and is quite a well managed paper. A recent issue contained, among others, the the following curious advertisement: "Wanted to engage, a cripple for a seaside resort. Good references and a small deposit required." This announcement is not by any means to be regarded as a hoax. The proprietors of hotels and boarding houses at fashionable watering places assume that visitors would be disposed to give alms if an opportunity were afforded them, and, as they cannot very well do the begging themselves, they engage professional beggars to whom they grant permission to solicit alms on their premises, and the beggars in return pay them one-half of their daily receipts. This advertisement had reference to an arrange ment of this kind. This list of queer occupations might be extended ad infnitum, but space forbids. These are a few of the more curious callings I have come across in the course of my wanderings; they could be met with only in our time and in such capitals as London or New York, where the population in general has not the faintest idea how some small part of that population lives.-Lip pincott's Magazine. 