... . GRAVE AND GAY. ! Advice on the subject of ghost-seeing given by a hardened sceptic to a young friend.. " My dear boy, if a ghost: comes in :at the dour, take a -pistol ; if -he comes ' up through the floor, take a pill." Unprofitable. — " Sam, why don't you talk to your master, and tell bim io lay ;up treasures. in heaven ?" " What's de"use of him layih' iip. treasures up drir ? He neber see nm again." The papers are discussing the question, "May cousins marry?" We should hope so. We don't see why a cousin hasn't as good a right to marry as a brother, or ah uncle, or a son, or a sister." " My beloved brethren," announced the preacher from 'his pulpit, "on Sabbath morning next a collection will be taken up for our blessed Fiji mission." "Amen," rang fervently through, tbe congregation. " And I would add," -went on the preacher, impressively, "that ameris, however reson ant and sincere, -make brit little rattle in, the contribution bpx." \- The leader of a theatre orchestra toward the close of last season was told that he must cut down expenses. He cut off the man with the big drum, who , was. not getting the biggest salary of the lot. " Why did you discbarge the poor fellow," , he was asked, "instead of one of the others ?" " Well, you sec," was the reply, "he was getting so little, I thought he would not feel the loss of it much." ' First Farmer : " You say you can't take -SS for that cow ?" Second Farmer : " Can't do it." " But yesterday you told me you'd sell her for .£8." " I know I did, but I'll have to back out." "What's the matter?" " You see that cow belongs to my wife, and she says she'll sob herself into hysterics if I sell her. It would break her heart." "All right— it's "no trade"' " I say ?" " Well, what is it ?' " Make it <£9, and well let her sob." Customer to coal1 dealer : " Have you got a name for those scales of yours ?" " I never heard of scales having a name" " Well, you ought to call your scales Am bush. You see they are always lying in weight." Answered.—" Suppose," said an examiner to a student in engineering, " you had built an engine yourself, performed every part of the work without assistance, and knew that it was in complete order, hut when put on the road the pump would not draw water; what would you do?" "I should look into the t-mk and ascertain if there was any water to draw," replied the student. 