A HOME PREPARED. When sunlight first dispelled the gloom from this fair land of ours, It showed a scene of living green in Eden's lovely bowers. The crystal stream was pure and sweet as was the fount of love, The flowers had been transplanted there from Paradise above. No hand could paint, no tongue describe, nor mortal understand, The glories that had been prepared by the Almighty hand. Each lovely flower and shady bower filled up the perfect plan, Of what had been designed to be a home prepsred for man. That itome was full of joy and peace and all was bright and fair,. B ecaque the great Creator oft came down to visit there. Hi presence clothed the scenes around with light and vital breath, And took the shadows from the tomb because there was no death. Sweet balmy odours floated round upon the gentle breeze, And fruit in great perfection grew on all the various trees; There for the. first time oman beheld creation's mighty span, And how complete the glories round this home prepared for man. Just as there was a home prepared for Adam and his wife, Before the great Creator's voice had called them into life, So we may be assured He will a home for friends prepare, ; And have it ready all complete before He calls them there. When Jesus was.on earth lie gave His people promise truo- "I to My Father's house return to fit a place for you; For in My Father's home above tunnum bered mansions be, And I go there one to prepare for all, who follow Me." What comfort to the contrite heart when nature's epd diaws nigh, To know there is'a home prepared above the starry sky, Which mortal eye haih never seen, nor bath the tongno declared, The glories that are waiting those who reach the home prepared. There everlasting spring abides among the living flowers, And death is but the door between that heavenly homo and ours, The sting is thus removed 'from detbh, for every faithful one Knows heaven, like Eden's bower, is just a home prepared for man. When death comes in to stop the life that courses in our veins, The body does not disappear for every part remains; And while among the kindred clay to dust the mortal turns, Back to the Lord from whom it came the living soul returns. The tie that binds them is dissolved on giving up the ghost, But in the great Creator's plan no portion can be lost, For when the last great trumpet sounds the rending earth shall shake, The sea and field their dead shall yield and dust to life awake. Jonx RAE. "'Balmoral," Albert Park. 