TOPICS OF THE DAY. The English Scottish and Australian Bank ro-oponcd this morning iti Mel bourne, and at thn branches throughout Victoria. The branches In South Aus tralia, and New 8outh Wales will pro bably ro-opcnto-inorrow. Tho municipal elections will bo hold on Thursday next, oxcopting thoso for tho city of Molbourno nnd town of Gonlong, Tha hours of palling will bo fiotn 8 n in. to fi p.m. in cities, towns nnd borough, and 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. in shires. Thorn is a small proportion ol elections this your to tho uumbor of vacancies as compared with provious occasions. Tho olcciiou of mayors nud presidents for tho ensuing year is fixed for Monday next, hut in a nuinbor of instnncos whoro councillors havo been returned unopposed, the pod- tiiins are now being fillod. The Sweating Board will moot at Par liament House at hnlf-past 2 o'clock to morrow uftoruoon, whou tho taking of ovidonco will bo resumed. Witnesses will bo examined rotative to swoating in tho furmturo tradn and tho ofiuct of Chinese competition on tho wages paid to Eutopoau oporatives. Tho Chiof Commissioner of Pollco has racuivod further information regarding tho discovery of supposed human bonus at Wnrrflnlinviin nnnr Ttnnnlln. 11. 1n« shown that thoy aro tho bones of some small animal— probably an opossum. On Thursday evening noxt a military ontertainmont will bo bold in tho Exhibi tion Building to wclcoino tho Now tiouth Wales Cavalry and Victorian ll.-irse Artillery teams on their return from Eng land, Tho Cblehration will ha under the patronago of his Excellency tbo Governor, Major-Gonorsl Tulloeh, C.B., Captnin White, 11, N.. nnd officers of tho Victorian naval nnd military forces. A capital pro gramme, constating of vocal and iiutru- inoutal music, military und athlelio dis plays, melons, etc. " E.A.C. " favors us with a communi cation in which ho institutes a comparison botvroim Major- Molynoux, tho central figuro of ono of Marcus Clarko's well- known stories, und tho Into F. It. Deem ing, of Windsor and KainhiU Infamy. Tho objeot of our correspondent, so far as wo can understand, is to gain publicity for bis opinion " ihnt if Marcus Oiarka wero alive now ho would havo proved a better specialist in thosa cases (i.o,. onus of ' uncontrollable im pulse ') than many learned M.D's." Wo liava no objection to his doing so, whilo by no moans endorsing a sorb of implied apology for tho Into Mr Dooming which runs through our correspondent's latter. Uoyington wqb tho sketching ground of tho Victorian Sketchiug Club mi Saturday nftornoou, for tho socond tinio during this term of tho club's fixtures. Thorn was an excellent attendance of mombera, nud many tolling littlo hits of winding river and wattlo fringod grassy ilopu were aecurotl, The snino spot will bo tho club's " outing" on Saturday noxt, and lloying. ton sconory will probably form an at- traolivo foaturo of tho club's nnmittl ex hibition to bo hold in tho first fortnight of Decombor. Tho GerumnOlub hold a most onjoy- ablo Ladios' Night on Suturduy, when an nttractlvo programmo of vocul nud in strumental selections was given. Mndamo Koonig, tho famous violinist, contributed two immbors iu hor boat stylo, nnd wus cnoorod. Gcntlcinen who have bprti unnhla to obtain ticket for the banquet to Dr L. L. BniUli, M.L.A., can procure them from the nraiitam secretary to thn Chamber of Manufactureii, at at the Town Hall tlni craning. Avory attractive programme has been pro vided fur tin evening' People's Lantern en. Wrtainmentii including names of pictures illustrating "Marloy's Ghost." and songs and recital wuh lantern illustration. The descriptive readings willbegiven by Mr George Swctlami, nnd tho laiit-ru will h-i managed by ; Mr Alex. Gunn. Thn Fitzroy Life Boat Crew lira«a Band will perform selections during tbu evening. Messrs Howard Smith and Son notify tba& they Imvo placed their steamer Peregrine on the berth for West Australian ports. Tho Peregrine will leave on Tu«lay, tha 29th init, and ns she 1m audi a reputation for fast steaming, intending passengers to tbo gold- fields aru nffurdeci an opportunity of a rapid 