CHAPTER XII. "My BOTY lt BOY !" As the two lovely women stood gazing into each other's eyes, there came a curious pause. "She is one of them! She is with theml She knows all about it i" Sibyl was saying to herself, while an emotion of keen shame tore at the heart of the other. Jasper Prince had followed to the foot of the stairs, and stood listening. At this moment he coughed slightly. - Belle hesrd him. The beautiful, still infatuated woman had been told that he expected to get a large sum of money out of this "affair with Sibyl Prince," and that when he had got it he would take her and go clearaway out of the country, and begin a new life min some other land. She was fool enough, in spite of her natural cleverness, to believe him once more, and she had promised to help him. So, as she saw the handsome, evil face peering round the curving stairs at her, she least off all compunction for the cruel part she was playing, and moving lightly up the next flight, called airily to the others: " Now then, ladies, if you want to see the haunted rooms, follow me." Without a word, Sibyl and Miss Garr moved after her. As they went by the door of the store room, Sibyl's dark eyes lingered on it with a st.ange fascination. " If there is such a thing as a haunted room," she said to Prudence, "that is one." Belle stopped and looked at her very curiously. Then bursting into a still more curious laugh she went on quickly, and as they hurried after her, they found her un locking a door on the next floor, which she threw open with a flourish. " Enter !" she cried, gaily. " Behold the ghost !" It was a large, square room, much like the one being prepared for Doctor Varle. Sumptuously furnished once perhaps, but everything was so covered with dust and cobwebs now, that what was beneath could not much more than be guessed at. Miss Venner ran into the room, and, like a freakish child, pretended to look under the massive high-post bedstead which occupied the centre of the apart ment, and on top of the gold-fringedcanopy of velvet. She pulled open closets and wardrobes, and looked behind dressing-case and sofa with elaborate zeal. Sibyl watched her thoughtfully. " That girl is playing a part," she said to herself. "She is acting in this ridicu bus manner to cover- her real feelings. I believe she knows all about Ken, and could tell me this moment where he is, if she chose." At the thought, her heart seemed to leap into her throat; her sweet lips began to tremble; her eyes filled with tears. She went toward the girl. Miss Venner ceased from a fantastic at empt to look up the chimney, at her approach. She shrank visibly before the white agony imprinted on that beautiful face. Her eyes fell to the dusty floor; she bit her red lip flercely, and seemed to struggle desperately with some inward agitation. Sibyl touched her with a shaking hand. "Tell me," she entreate1, in the low, re pressed tones of a terrible anguish-" oh, tell me what has become of my husband I You can, I am sure. And you don't look as though you had a cruel heart." There was the faint sound of a cough not so very far away. Lucy Venner started slightly, and threw up her red-gold head. " Don't 1 Y' she said, with a hard, inso lent air. "Then my looks belie me. I have a heart of flint, I assure you, Mrs Prince." Then, with a sudden change of tone: ' Don't yru think you are silly now ask ing me where your husband is, when you know as well as I do that he is down in Doctor Varle's room waiting for you ?" Sibyl drew back. She leaned her hand heavily on Prudence Garr's shoulder, and that faithful friend slipped a strong, sup porting arm about the trembling figure. " What do you do it for i" Sibyl said to Miss Venner. " You are in league with Madam Ruel and that infamous wretch she calls her son. You are workiog for them. You do not look like a girl who would do a wicked and cruel deed for money; but if that is it, I can give you as much perhaps as they." " How much ?" Lucy Venner asked, with a pertly serious air. " have thirty thousand dollars of my own. J will give you every penny of it if you will tell me where my husband is." " I dun't think thirty thousand dollars is much,". Miss Venner said, airily. "Didn't I hear something abouta will that gave you everything- all his great for tune? Will you give me that, too ?" Sibyl shuddered violently at the dread ful implication. Her very hps were white. "You are a wicked, heartless girl," she said, in a low voice. Lucy Venner laughed aloud. "She is an insolent hussy," Miss Garr said, with indignant wrath, her bright eyes sparkling.. "1 would not talk to her, my dear. Do you want to see any more rooms ?"' "There are two floors above this," Miss Veoner said, pretending to laugh violently at Miss tGarr. " We might find something up there, and then we have not looked in the basement, either. Wouldyou like toP We may as well do the thing thoroughly while we are about it. You will be sorry if you don't, I am sure." She looked at Prudence as she spoke, the greenish grey eyes luminous and mocking. Prudence was boiling over, but she had the good sense to see that words were wasted breath here. The very spirit of diablerie possessed Lucy Venner. Even Sibyl was not more wretched than she, her heart wrung with a torture ot doubts and fears, the thought of which she tried to drown by rattling on in this absurd fashion. They went to the other two floors above this, but the rooms were only a reproduc tion of the ones they had seen, and they gave it up. As they returned past the store-room, Sibyl put her hand on the door. It was locked. " Mr Prince has the key," Lucy Venner explained, volubly. ' They have been getting some things out of here for Doctor Varle's room." Jasper Prince watched the departure of Miss Garr and Sibyl from the tower with the keenest sensation of relief he had known for a long time. " " It was a very narrow escape," he mut tered. "The whole business came mighty near smashing." "'It must have been that wre h I heard, after all," Sibyl said, drearily, to Miss Garr. "He seems equal to anything." By nightfall Doctor Varle's place was ready for him, and Madam Ruel and Jas per had seen him comfortably installed therein. The spectral-faced physician spared no pains to make himself agreeable to the fair and proud old lady, and to remove from her mind the hateful impressions which he could see his coming had made. But he did not succeed very well. 'Madam wore a pale, distressed and worried air, in spite of all his efforts. She insisted on Jasper accompanying her when she retired to her own apartment, and he went most reluctantly, muttering to himself that he supposed he was in for another "jaw." "I want to talk to you alone," she said, as they ~ient along. " Well, I don't want to talk to you," he thought, "but I expect I shall have to standit" " Well now, what is it?" Ihe asked, dis agreeably, as his mother shut the door. " adLamfacedarounduponhim excitedly. ,I don't like that man," she said. "If I had seen him before you brouglit him here, he should never have come." SWhy not ?" Jasper asked, shrugging his shoulders and lifting his dark eyebrows in a way that was particularly offensive to his mother. 'IlBecause h cis hateful- he is awful I I should die or go mad myself if I had to be shut up with him all the time." " WVell, really,' sneered Jspcr. "I shoald thiuk:you might be a little oiff your base al readyto go on in this way. I don't see any thing awful or hateful about poor old Varle, though I don't call him a beauty by any mean'." Ie looks wicked, Jasper. He looks as if there.was no evil deed that he would hesi tale at." *.: Well, you needn't call me by that name if he does," her son said, savagely. "It i. all:sournervousness and imogination. Yeou iisisted upon Ken having a doctor andl an attenlant. This man fills the bill for both. I don't see what you are getting up all this rumpus about." "lie finht:nas me; he makes my flesh creepl " madam breathed, in hushed, sup pressed tones. "Oh, boshl I I hope hoe will frighten othe; folks, and make them keep away from the tower rooms." sla nam wrung her white and jewelled hands togcther in'a sort of frenzy. " I feel as though a devil had come ints the house," she Eial, in the same breathless war. ' See here, suppose we change the subject," lJasper exclaimel, angrily. ' What is don' can't be undone, can it 1 Did you hass much trouble with Ken while Sibyl and he; sheep- dog were poking around '" 3Madam shuddered and compressed beh lip.It was horrible," she said. " Hlie would not take the drops willingly, andi I could not bear to force him. I kept my hand over hi, mouth a good deal of the time, but he was too weak to make a lolr toound, I believe, after that one Ifrantic effort. If seemed to exhaust him. He strugglezd a lttle several times against me, but he was too weak to do much But oh. how he looked at me I Oh, the reproach, the anguish, the wonder, in his unhappy oeesl It was horrible to me to treat him so. And now'this dreadful doctor I I cannot, cannot hear it I Oh, my boy, my boy, what shall I do Heaven's mercy, what shill I do 1" 