BREVITIES. From tbe latest English flies to band we take tbe following Interesting Items Princess Christian opened a new cen tral block of tbe North London Hospital for Consumption at Hamstead. Princess Beatrice opened a loan exhibi tion of old laoe and embroideries. Tbe Queen's exhibits included some laoe, 1 once tbe property of Queen Charlotte, and George IV. 'a oradle. Some needle work executed by Mary Queen of Soots wbb also on view, together witb quilts under wblch Richard III. and Charles 1 bad slept. The Queen bas become patroness of a female court of the Order of Foresters. It was reoently deolded to admit women as members. Her jiajesty is now a female Forester. Florence Nightingale, wbo for years bas been an Invalid, has just celebrated ber seventy-tblrd birthday. The 300tb anniversary of tbe birth of Isaao Walton, the patron saint of anglers. was to be oelsbrated on August 9. A feature of tbe Henley Regatta was tbe presence of a French crew, wbo re ceived an enthusiastic welcome from the English rowing men. A marble bust of Cromwell realised £1000 at an auotlon sale In London, twice the amount lest paid for it. A letter of Mary Queen of Soots fetched £26, a violin by Stradivarios selling for £500. Tbe eon was In apogee on Tuesday morning, July 4, wben it was tbe greatest distance from the earth— 93, 941, 000 miles. The wheat harvest commenced In Dor set on Saturday, July 1. Tbe Hessian fly bas appeared among tbe crops in Hants. Hay is fetching blgb prices, owing to tbe drought, and It is predloted tbat before next spring It will be £12 per ton. Tbe dry season bas suited tbe grouse. A rubber at whist, wltb living person ageB for cards, was played at Ealing, in connection wltb an Eplsoopal bazaar. Tbs heaviest peaob on reourd has bsen grown at Hartwell Hones, near Ayles bury. It weighs l&loz.; While making exoavatlons for tbs en largement of a Baptist Chapel near Swansea, a vein of coal, 20ft. aeep, was discovered. Tbe walstooat Is aald to be declining. During the bat weather it was a oommon sight to see men otherwise well dressed dispensing altogether with that artlole of raiment. Tbe two Bsnbams— Richard, aged 89, a banker, and Albert, aged 45, a olerk — were found guilty of conspiracy to defraud tbe London and German Bank or £49.000 and of other charges, and sen tenced, tbe former to 14 and tbe latter to five years' penal aervitude. It was ad mitted by tbe prosecuting oounsel tbat Albert was a tool of bis more BBtute brother, and bad none of the money ; but, as they both pleaded guilty to utter ing a forged will, little pity will be felt for tbem. Rlobard Benbam at one time affeoted a position of great afflaenoe. He bad a large house In Plooadllly and kept carriages and horses, while at Tunbrldge Wells hs bad s large country residence, and established a flre-brlgade— but never paid for the uniform). Tbe mushroona llke financiers of the suburbs will soon come to be regarded wltb susplolon on aoeoutft of tbe sudden downfall of men llks tbe Barkers, tbe Benhams, and tbe Spencer Balfours. A mistress complained to a London magistrate tbat her servant remained In bed and would notdreBS herself, although her notice to leave had expired. Tbe magistrate advised tbe applicant to engage som« etroup women to dress tbe girl, and then sbe oould be turned out of the bouse. Fifteen groats, struok about the year 1357, were discovered 3ft. beneath tbe sur face on an estate In Carmarthenshire. A grocer at Hamilton, wben cutting up an Amerlean cheese, discovered a bard subBUtncs in tbe oentre, which turned out to be a silver-mounted revolver. A young domestlo servant drowned herself at Lengton, because she was so plain-looking tbat Bbe could not obtain a sweetheart. A man In Russia, 100 years of age, com mitted suloide through a love affair. At Wolverhampton a woman, for the purpose of gratifying a spite wbloh ehe entertained Bgalnst another woman wbo bad died, followed tbecorpss to tbe grave, and at tbe oIobb of the burial servloe poured tbe contents of a bottle of filthy water on tbe ooffln. An Oxfordshire farmer, wbo was con victed of sending milk to London adul terated wltb water, excused bimBelf on ac count of tbe drought, wblob, he said, had made It impossible to get good rich milk, tbe cows baving to live principally on the leaves of trees. A ghost is said to baunt a bouse at Chalk Farm. It is credited wltb burling stoneB, breaking tbe windows from tbe inside. Thousands of people assemble nightly In itbe hope of seeing tbe in truder, and prayers, asking for some ex planation, have been offered up In tbe bouse by a clergyman. Tbe stones are said to be often so thrown as just to escape tbe faces of the children living in tbe bouse. A man wbo was found In tbe nlgbt under a table in one of the upper rooms of a pawnbroker's In London was charged witb being a burglar. He was, however, discharged, it baving been proved tbBt while staying at a temperance hotel next door he climbed along tbe baloony and entered tbe window to escape Imaginary thieves. A man wbo claimed to be an astrologer has been sent to gaol for two months In London for fortune-telling. A detective wrote to knqw bis fortune, and the as trologer replied, on tbe supposition that bis correspondent was a woman, tbBt sbe ' would have a husband stout and fair.' Two well-dressed ladies were committed for trial at Kingston oharged with dis posing of tbe contents of a house whlob tney bad taken furnished. A little girl wbb brutally outraged, and flung in a ditch to die, at Waltbamstow. At tbe Winchester Assises tbe Judge mentioned tbat, out of 29 prisoners for trial, 10 were charged witb assaults upon children. Suo'h a atate of things, be said, wsb a symptom of grievous moral degra dation. Tbe oak chair carved by tbe Prluoess or waies bbb oeen witnarawn rrom tne Chicago Exhibition, trophy-hooters having chipped away pieces of the wood to oarry off as memeutos. In conseqaence of tbe damage, a claim of (£100 will be made against the exhibition authorities. A clergyman, while walking through tbe World's Fair, smashed some whisky bottles in a Dublin exhibit. When ar rested, he said /Jehovah had told blm to do it. A notorious female swindler bas been sentenced to three ^years' Imprisonment in Paris. She has a dozen bnebsnds living. Sbe advertised for a bnsband, describing herself most flatteringly, and ?said sbe bad a fortune of £120,000. She married one wealthy euitor after another only to decamp a day or two Bfter tbe wedding wltb tbe presents and whatever else she oould lay her bands on. A young actrees was married in Paris. All went well till the day's festivities were drawing to a close, wben ths bride withdrew 40 her salon. This room had a seoret staircase by wbicb tbe bride resched tbe street and made her escape. The next day a letter was reoeived from her positively refusing to rejoin her bUBband. A man walked aoross Niagara on a wire cable. He wheeled a cooking-range in front of bim, and, stopping midway, lit tbe fire and cooked a meal on the wire. A determined attempt was made to wreok tbe train in whlob tbe Czarewitob waB leaving Russia for England. The rails bad been taken up. and tbe pilot engine was wrecked, the Imperial train being pulled up just in front of tbe fatal spot. Baron Nathaniel Rothschild, of Vlsnna, has bad to withdraw the offer of his castle and estate at Relcbenau to a con sumption hospital owing to tbe looal outcry raised against the proposal. He has therefore deolded to start a lottery, | witb tbe caBtle and park, valued at five million florins, as tbe first prise, and hand tbe prooesds over to tbe hospital. It is rumoured tbat tbe largest diamond in tbe world bas been found In Africa. It weighs 970 oarate, being nine times as large as the Koh-l- Neor. A woman basdied at Blackhlll, Ireland, aged 104. In Kentucky, meaBleB caused tne death of a woman aged 110. A restaurant-beeper was sued at tbe Westminster county court for damages, owing to theft of an overcoat while its owner was dining In the said restaurant, and tbe jury found a verdict for tbe plaintiff, assessing tbe damages at four guineas. Leave to appeal was given, and tbe owner of the overooat may yet hava cause to regret bis rasbnesB in invoking tbe aid of tbs coucts. 