FINE ARTS. THE DRAMA IN LONDON. From Our Correspondent. LONDON, 10th March. Two new pi.eoes hnvo been produced at the London theatres during tho past week, nnd in each of thom ladies well known to tho play- going publio of Molbourno liavo appeared. Ono play holongs to what may ho tormed tile unplea- sant and ropulsivo drama, while tho other is a sido splitting farcical eomedy. At tho Royalty, which is now under tho management of Sir. Clmrlcs Charrington, Aloxandra, an adaptation from the German of Riohard Voss, was pro duced, and must have affordod a riah treat to all persons of a gloomy and morbid frame of mind. Tho heroine, who gives her name to tho drama, was in early Ufa seduced by the conventional lord of melodrama. She gavo birth to a child, wbioh died under circum stances that result in hor being sentenced to penal servitude for the crimo of infnntieidc. These inoidonts have occurred beforo the com mencement of tbo play, wbioh opene in a London hotol, whore Alexandra, jnat rolcased from gaol, and burning for revenge on hor betrayer, meets him. Ho ie now a reformed eharna- ter, and an seeing his former mistrasB, bis old passion rovives, and ho agrees to present hor to his mother ns his aflianced bride. But Aloxandra only wants to bo mado an honest woman in order to bo nblo to taunt hor husband with having for wife an ex-convict and a murderess. Tho Dowager Lady Knowlesford, who only knows about the soduotion, although thinking that her son might do hotter, recognises tlio olaim that Aloxandra has upon him and, meta phorically, takes the pallid and nourotic damsel to tier heart. Bat an impossible valet, who has long nourished a secret passion for Alexandra, and cannot hear the idea of her beeoming the wife of his mastor, rolates tho story of tlio crime and its punishment to tho dowager, who tells Alexandra to Ioave tho house. Instoad of doing so sho relates the story of hor orimo and tho intontions she had in rcsaming iior acquaintance with her former lover to Lord Knowlesford himself in suoh a mannor that he thinks she is talking about the misfortunes of somo othor woman. The poor young manexprosses his disgust at the imaginary feinaio's conduot, although Alexandra tries to softon the atrooity of her behavior by adding that bIio bad ovontually learned to lovo tho man whom sho originally only dosired to punish. Lord Knowlesford expresses a strong opinion that the best thing for Buch an abandoned bussey is to die, and Alexandra takes him at his word, swallows an overdose of morphia, and- after having donned a most fetoh- ing white dressing gown and lot down hor baok hair gives up the ghost. Miss Janet Aahurcli mado tho most of tho sad and melanoholy part alio bad to play, but the sympathies of the audience - were never with her, and tiic task of making tbo Aloxandra endur able would have been too maoh for any aotress. Mr. Herbert Flcmining wns moro sucecsBfnl with Lord Knowlesford, who is not half a bad fellow, and scorned anxious to do all in bis power to atono to Alex andra for tho wrong ho had committed, nnd Mr. Gharrington gavo a graphio rendoring of the half-witted servant. ' It oannot bo said that any usoful lesson is taught by Alexnndra, and no person would either be amused or instructed by seeing It performed. It is essentially a play to be avoided.' Bnt onoo admitting that all phases of human life and human nassion'should bo portrayod on tho stago, and Alexandra ie, both to author nnd aotore, an artistic success. Mr. A. IV. Finero is a past master in fnroical eomedy, and he has hit upon a new vein in Tho Amazons. The Dowager Marchioness of Cas- tlcfard (Miss Rose Liaborg) is a most ecccntrio lady, and her deceased husband was equally unconventional. Disappointed at having ouly daughters when sho wished for sons, she deter mines upon bringing up Lady Nocllinc (Miss Lily Hanbury), Lady AVillielmina (Miss Ellalino T. i ria) and Lady Thomassine (Miss FattioBrowne as though they belongod to tho male sox. They aro taught every athletio sport in which a publio sohool boy would delight, and aro accustomed to wear the brecohes witli caso and grace. The audience liavo to take their accomplishments somewhat upon trust, but there is no doubt about tho beauty nnd pioturosqueness of tbeir appearance, Noolline goes to London, where, masquerading in malo attire, she takes part in a street fracas, and is rescued by hor cousin, Lord . Litterly, who, not guessing her sex, takes her to his ahambcr. Finally, of course, bo falls in lovo with hor, and, notwithstanding her masoulino habits and hor sporting proclivitios, beoomes very womanly the moment that ber affections are aroused. AVilholmina, in liko mannor, pairs . off with a Fronobman, tbo Count do Gnoal, whose great desiro is to be taken for an English man, while Thomassine falls ton very contempt ible peor.LordTwccnwagcs. Tlio passages between this lordling, most humorously play od by Mr. AY cc- don Grossmitb, and Thomassine were amongst the most laughter moving in tlio piece. The London pubiio had boen taught to cxpeot a great deal from this lady, who was said by tho late Hon. Lowis AVingfield to bo tbo best of tho Aus tralian aotrossos, and they certainly wero more than pleased. She was bright, vivacious and intelligent, and at onco mado her mark. Indeed, with tho exception of Miss Lottie Vonno, thero is no aotress in London who can rival hex . in what aro known as soubrctte parts. 