Mr. Bjggies's Gon . version. Ail) Gvosvenor Minister* 'Ghosts!' sneered Mr. Buggies, 'bah I , rott humbug I Figmento of the iniayina I tion, my dear sir— disordered digestion, queer j liver and so on, /know* Why, sir, my wife, poor girl, used to say when alio waa iu a temper (as she usually was), used to say that if she died first sheM haunt me. Haunt me 1 hat hat ha! Poor girl, poor silly Mr. Bugglea Was sitting over bis wine with three or four cronies. Iu the yloom of tho evening, the fitful gleams of the lire had suggested to one of the quests the idea of ghosts. Ho was a tall, lean, sepulchral soil of m&n; with a voics thut vcutr.cd to issue, from sonie hollow drum, and altogether one of those persons who, wo should be naturally disposed to think, was given to supernatural ! fancies. Moreover, he drank gin. llisuame was Jubbs. I ' Well, I don't know,' oaid Mr. Jubbs. I 41 Perhaps some of these day's she'll keep her word.' M Eh ?' cried Mr. Bugglcor setting down the glass which he was in the act of rising to 1 bislips. '♦Eh?' 1 ' I say that perhaps nhe'll keep her word.' ' Pooh, pooh,' said Mr. Uugglrs. ' 'Don't talk like an ass, Jubbs. Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and— ah— ao ou, should talk like that.' M Well,' said a heavy-looking man uamed Jinks, ' 1 don't know,' and he drank otf his glais of port. ' There's no telling,' observed a small man with sptctac'.es at the other cud of the table. ' Shakespeare tells titt Hint there are more things iu heaven and earth-than are dreamt cf in our phiioiopby.' 'Shakespeare,' said Mr. ihigeles com placently, u was a— -a— fool.' Mr. Buggies was not the first person in the world wko had given utterance to thin opinion. In the reign of the George the Tbfrd inteller-t, ' Shakespeare id pyorslutf,' and tbe George the Third intellect is the average order. Mr. Jinks and 'Jr. Jubbs felt aggrieved, But when a man ia d'ning with another ho is, of course, compelled to keep his opinions to himself. It was net until they wero walking through FiUrcy. rJardena on their homeward way that they expressed them selves very strongly about Mr. Buggies' rude method of dispodog of a. debateable question. ' If it hadn't been I was sitltnir there as his guest,' said Jinks, *'l'd ha* told him what I thought of him.' ' Toll you what,' said Jubbs, 'it would, serve him light to give him a fiearc.' i 11 It would. If we could xaiae the ghostof his wife now. Poor woman, no wonder she died.' 'We'll do it,' cried the other with en thusiasm. 'We'll do it. Confound tbe I fellow with his 'self-opinionated airs. I'd I like to see him taben down a peg.' | Whereupon the two friends there and then 1 resolved that tbe thing should be done, con vinced that it would be the more easy of accomplishment, inasmuch as each instinct ively felt that Mr. Buggies was a rank im poster, and like most hodies, an arrant coward. Time passed, and Buggies still maintained his defiant attitude as to the existence of ghosts. Nevertheless, be had latterly been somewhat agitated by sundry and divers eccentric noises and movements around and about his hou«c, which was a comfortable habitation in Fitzroy, standing in a goodly garden and backed by a considerable field, wherein an Alderney cow grazed. Now tbia cow had latterly exhibited some evidence of aberrations of intelfect. She would b?gin to I bellow for no aaeertainably reason about j midnight, and if not Icckeji up in the stable ! would tear around the enclosure furiouslv. ! Buggies consulted a veterinary surgeon, who examined the animal, and pronounced her | as healthy a cow as any in existence. j 'Then what makes her fly around at 1 night and bellow fit to raise the roof off?' cried Buggies, irritably. ' Dashed if I can tell,' said tbe Vet., I 'unless something frightens her. Maybe,' 1 be added, jocularly, 'a ghost is around, and it don t agree with her.' This was n joke, but It struck Buggies, not only as a bad one, but as one uncon sciously aimed at his heterodox notion# in the Bubjest of ghosts. He told the Vet. that he talked liko a fool, but as be paid that worthy a guinea, the imptitinence .was pockfted with thu cow— oinnp'accutJy. But this was not all. Contemporaneously with the cow movement, thero were otuer signs 11 i' the air' t,f supernatural high Jinks, Every cat in the neighborhood seemed to ho animated by some interest of unusual oharactrr. They scattered about 1he roof, moanin* and spitting fearfully, Tbe hooting of mopehawks could be heard ; while dismal moaning* outside Uuggleo' bedroom window, and sometimes a weird but suppressed shriek added to theto fear, some episodes. As for tho watchdog, ho yelped, and howled, aud baved, and barked until he grew an hoarse ns a raven. And Buy. lows began to bo nervous. He pot the servants on watch, aud got a policeman to keep au eye on the premises, No good ; tho cow weut oa u? before, «o did tbe cut*, so Old tins uiopcMu.vkM, ttouid the dog, uoti tho moans ami KcreaniH did notecase. It was getting serious. ? Bn^es had to drink an extra glass or two of toddy every night to steady his nerves. He went ho Jar as to speak to bis friends, witu aii'ected joculanty, about these matters, But they locked grave ; Jinks shook his head solemn ly, and Jubb's repeated Huakespearc's lines reflectively. 'Well, I'll end it coraehow,' aaid Buggies one starlit but rough night, as he hat lihten* ing to the moaning of the wind, and the tar tlmg of the window Bhutan. l' There I lucre goes that darned cow atrain. and— and—' b A mournful cry waB heard, u from ono )n great agony, and just close to the housi?. Juuggles shook. ' i possible, after all,' he matured, aud sho has kept her word 1 Perhr.js I didn t treat her over, aud above wcii— ' sometimeo/' ' gbs hu-i led Alien a in« n..o Hti. m:i*i - n*e been welcome to Imr. A taint courc.ouaiu-e* of this circumstance added to the tenors which now began to take hold upon Mr. Buggies' imagination. 'I'll sell the plac»l'he muttered, 'and that cow shall bo slaughtered to-morrow. Gracious 1 how that dog is barking, I can't stand it; anything is. better than this sus pense. I'll face it, whatever it is.' And he buttoned up his coat, nnd clapped bis hat upon bis bean with an air of maoful determination, Seizing the first weapon at hand—it happened to be a hammer which be was in tuc habit of using to crack geolo gical specimens {for bo dabbled in science, did Buggies)— be issued forth iuto the garden. This he traversed. Nothing was to be seen, and it svas with a firmer step and stouter heart that ho passed into tho field, Tbe cow was stabled, bu t she was lo7/ing mourn fully. As I have 'said, the night was clear, but the gusb of wind which passed tlie field and bent and swayed the trees therein, moaning tbe while, lent an uncanny influence to the time and scene, Again Mr. Buggies' spirits fell, and a creepy feeling came over him. He shivered, paused, and was about to turn back, when his eyes fell upon an object, the sight of which mads him jump into the air like an acrobat, dropping his hammer in the action^ And then he stood stock still, paralysed by fear, and gazing with eyes that started from their scckets, and sus pended breathing at the thing before him,. It was a figure of a woman, ciothcd from head to foot in a white garment, which covered her arms close into her body. Buggies could not recognise the features because they also wero covered, but his ex cited imagination and accusing conscience revealed to him that the ficure was that of bis dead wife, and that without doubt she had kept her word and had como from th? shades to haunt him thus. The figure did r.ot move, pave that it swayed in the wind in which its ghostly garments fluttered ever and anon. Mr. Bngglcs gazed until his knee gave away, and at last, with a suppressed shriek, be fell to the ground insensible. ETow long he lay thus I do not know. When he recovered himself and sat up, and turned his eyes fearfully towards the spot upon which ho had seen the apparition it was gone. He crawled back fearfully to the hou£»«, Jet himself in with n latoh-key, and repairing to a spirit closet, swallowed a vast glass of brandy ; th^n he crept to bed. But no sleep came to him. The gruesome sight he had looked upon haunted htm through the night, nnd for many a night thereafter. Hut, singularly enough, from that night the trouble coascd. The cow ceased to bellow, tlie cats banished their .toneerts to just and natural proportions, tbe watch-do;; no longer barked his tail off. And, though Buggies *et some stout fellows on the watch none of them ever saw the ghost. : As for the mopehawka, everybody sniggered j when Buggies spoke about them. Mope ridiculous I ! However, Mr. Buggies' experience had a very salutary effect upon bis mind aud man ner. He no longer argued with such dog matic offeusiveness. and, to the surprise of bis friends, would listen to the most extra ordinary statements with an air of credulity and humble trust, wholly diJIe.reut to that sclf*a9gcrtive manner with which he bad been won't to dispute matters bevond his ken. Altogether tie was a changed man, | and Jubbnnd Jiuku plumed themselves upon ; the success and effects of their plans, with very good reason. For it was indeed to their ingenious in vention that the matter was to be traced. The veterinary surgeon who had been called in by Mr. BuggVa to inspect the cow was in the secret., it was he who supplied certain herbs which, partaxeu of by the animal — being dropped iuto the field during the day — brought about spasms about midnight. Ucr bellowing* were but an expression of pain; but, as Mr. Bungles could not rout cow language lie had been unable to inter p»rt these. As for tlie cats, the wicked cost spirator had gathered them far iind wide, cncaicd their claws in walnut shells, tied their tails together, and otherwise caused them to contribute to the hubbub. Of course, p)l this made the dog bark, while the mopehawks were simulated very easily. And. further, the figure which had ? eared Mr. Buggies so dreadfully was nothing move than a fashion-frame such us linen-draper* use to exhibit ladies' drcpses. Tho thing, after all, was very simple, but it bad been conducted with such caution that nobody /« ad been enabled to make it out, or expose the fraud. Aud, as tho result had beeu so, happy, Jinks and Jubbs consoled themselves' | with the reflection that the end sometimes; I does, indeed, justify tho means. 