LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1893. The House having resumed after the Christmas holidays, the Speaker took the Chair at 7.30 p.m. Third Reading . The Companies Bill, the Swan River (Fremantle) Harbor Works and Tramway Bill, and the Bills of Sale Act Further Amendment Bill were read a third time and transmitted to the Legislative Council, Police Act Amendment Bill. In committee, the Legislative Conncil'a amendments to this Bill were agreed to, and the Bill returned to the Upper House. Public Business. The Premier, in rising to move that the House do go into committee on the Midland Railway question, exp'ained that the Go vernment did not desire to rush this or any other business through the House with un due haste ; that, personally, he could not attend the next sittings of the F. deral Council at Hobart if the business of the ses sion could not be finished by Friday week. The House then resolved itself into com mitteft of the who'e. The Midland Railway PfiorosALs and the Joint Committsh's Report. The Premier (the House being in Com mittee) moved — That the Government shall guarantee tho payment of tbe'pYm-~ cipal and interest of .£500,000 4 ptr cent, bonds, to be created and issued by the Mid land Railway Company Limited, for tho purpose of providing moneys for the com pletion of its contract with the Govern ment, the minimum price of bonds to be fixed by the Government. lie stated that this was the first of a series of eighteen resolutions which had been passed by the Joint Select Committee of both Houses, which had been presented to this House as tho Committee's recommendations, and which the Government desired the House to adopt as the bash of a fresh, agreement to be made with tie Midhnd Railway Company for the purpose of ia:sing funds to complete the railway, and for ensuring the applica tion of the funds to that purpose. He regretted that the previous efforts of the Government and the Home to settle tbiB difficulty had not mulled ealiifictorily. 'I he Government had now to deal with this ~'~'' - question aga;n without any choice on their pa t. The Government were not respon sible for tbis project, and they had now to deal with it as a legacy left by a former Government. The Midland Railway con tract was entered iuto in the year 1886, and the present difficulty had arisen in the carrying out of this contract; and although the colony had been harassed and annoyed by 'he difficulties impeding this work, yet the colony had not actually lost anything, but had gained tl e advantage of 154 mihs of lailway having been constructed and opened at the present time. The colony, ther f.ire, had no great reason to com plain of actual injury, but it cer tiinly h;d been worried and dis- ? appointed. The House had approved of the proposals mede by the Government in the last session, but these had not re su'ted satisfactorily. The Government had, in this session, referred the whole matter to a Joint Committee of both Houses, to sea if they couli find a satisfactory solution of the difficulty, and the resolutions, he now mo ced for adoption by the House weie'loil '**? recommendationf? of tbat Joint Committeo;._s^ He believed that if these recommendations were adopted by Parliament, the construc tion of the railway would be completed. Ho was not in a position to inform the House tbat the conditions recommended by the Joint Committee had been officially acoept ed on behalf of the Company; perhaps there had not yet been sufficient time for the directors to Degotiite und arrange with the bond holders aud all persona interested in the cocstruct'on of that railway; the holidays inteivening might account for some delay in the offiaal acceptance of conditions by the Company; bat he be lieved these conditions could not fa 1 to be acceptable to the Company, al though perhaps not wholly aiSdUtable, because some of the provisions mlffct be considered as too stringent. Still he felt assured that they would be accepted. One of the chief provisions of tbese resolutions was that the lands of the Company and, also of the Crown, along this railway, should be thrown open for selection at once. The time tor opening thes 1 lands, under tbe con tract, was somewhat uncertaini;. yhereas these lands wou'd at onca be thrb&UJesea; for occupation and settlement by ^accept ance of the30 18 resolutions. Ample imans had been taken in these resolutions for pro* tecting the intetests of the colony ; not only the proceeds from the saleB of laud bt»t alto the proceeds of loans being secu/ed for and allocated to the due completion of the rail * ay. It might be asked wby the Joint Commit tee should have recommended that £95,000 should be paid to the National Bank and JB18,GO0 to the Joint Stock Bank, out of the moneyB to be raised ; but the reason was that the3e repayments to the banks would enable them to give clean certificates to the Company and release the securities /^which were now held by these banks. It '^Btonld not be fair to ask the Company to give the whole of their lands and the whole ot their railway and plant, to be subject to forfeiture, unless the amount to be advanced by the Government, directly or indirectly, was to be about equal to the security asked for. To expect nwe than that would be as act of usury, unworthy of the colony in. i^fih relation to tbis Company. He believed ^Hjjfct there would be no balance unexpended J$nit of the sum proposed to be raised uader this agreement, after the rail way was constiucted and fully equipped. As to the liability of the Government under this agreement, he said the Company had to provide for the due payment of interest . on the money to be raised, or their pro perty would be liable to forfeiture. Many hon. members wished sincerely to get rid of the Company ; and he pointed oui to them that, under this agreement, if the Company failed to pay interest on this money, they would lose their property, and the Company would be out of the concern after falling fifteen months into .arrear. He hoped, however, the Company wouli not hare to forfeit their property, but tbat, on the contrary, they would make the rail way a successful concern, and would flour ish beyond the general expectation. The sales and Iea3es of the land belonging to the Government along the railway line would bring in a large and increasing amount ef revenue to the Government, by the imuaeiiate opening of the Crown lands and the Company's lands along this line, , as a result of accepting this agreement. ? ; The sale3 of 900,000 acre3 of land belong ing to the Company, apart from the ' 2-400)000 acre3 to be. held by the Govern ' ment as security, would also bring in some revenue, and induce some settlement in a district now almost unoccupied. He com ? mended to the House the acceptance of these resolutions a3 the beat available means of removing a serious difficulty, be cause in doing so the House and the colony , had everything to gain and nothing to lose, by ensuring the completion of this great national work, -which must be productive of '-- great good to the colony. Mr. ft. F. Sholl moved as an amend ment to etrike out all the words after the word ' that,' for the purpose of inserting the following :— ' Th3 resolutions pasBed by the Select Committee in regard to the pro posalB of the Midland Eailway Company be . referred back to that committee for their repert, in accordance with the provisions of Standing Ordew 352 to 356, together with their reasons for supporting or dissenting from Buch resolutions, and also for the names of members voting in any division, distinguishing on which side of the questisu they respectively voted.' The hon. member said it had been usual for a ' select committee to give reasons for any recommendations it made to the House. It ?^~' was important to know these reasons, be cause he believed the colony would not only ?''.;? be making itself responsible for the pay ment of the interest but that it WDuld have actuary to pay the interest and also pay the principal. He criticised the Joint Com mittee's report as being meagre, incomplete, and not in due accord with the Standing Orders. Mr. Simpson interposed to say that the report of the Joint Committee was either ' 'in order or not in order. If not in order, it was a question of order as to whether the : report could now be considered. Mr. B. F. Sholl renewed his argument', contending that the report was not in order, because the Committee's reason? forarriving at their cmlusions were not giv-in. He moved that the report be referred back. Mr. Db Hamel supported the amendment, saying the joint committee's report was no repirt at a'l, as it was not in accordance '' '.'? with the standing^ lJe s regulating th -? pro ceedings of Belect committees. He criticised some of the questions put to witnesses by members of the joint committee, ridiculid the questions put by the Hon. T. Burges as parochial in their tiivial nature.; and Baid that four of the members were unre liable and of n j account on the committee j -and raised a number of objections which he ,; set forth in leagthy detiil. 1 ' 'The .Attorney-General siid thepurpose of this amendment was to cause delay. He contended that it was not necessary, either by the standing orders or by pr ictice, for a select committee to give reasons for its recommendations, because each momber might, especially on this Midland question, have different reasons for arriving at the same conclusion. The only requirement ?was that the proceedings of the Select Committee were to be reported, and in this case the proceedings had been reported, every piece of evidence taken and every ^aas^J^esolution passed being set forth in this B8r^^**rc*^mittee's-iepc£t. He also argued that there was no rule for regulating Joint Select Committees, the standing orders not contemplating such a body. The hon. mem ber for Albany had quoted precedents which had no application to this case, and had then left the Chamber in order that he might nob hear the reply. What would ? ^_-v_^bethe use of referring this report back to a j body which had cpased to exist? The . other portion of the Joint Committee, from the Upper House, had ceased to exist, and if the seven members from this House were I Bent back to confer with the seven mem 9 bers of the other House, where could they j hi found ? As a csmmittee, the other seven 1 members were dead, and only their ghosts I could be found, if found at all. a The amendment moved by Mr. Sholl was j then put and negatived. 1 Mr. Sholl asked for the Chairman's ml 1 ing ns to whether the report of the Joint j Committee was properly before this com j niittee of toe whole House, j The Chairman sa'd this question had j been disposed of by the vote just passed, j Mr. Traylbn dissented f torn the Chair ] man's ruling. j The Speaker was called in, and con | firmed th« Chairman's ruling. He abo j stated his opinion that the Joint Cora U. mifitee had omitted the teahnicjlity of pre '',. senting a formal report along with their ?^_jv-. proceedings, and although there were no standing orders regulating a Joint Select Committee, yet his opinion was that th-y should be. subject to the eame rules . of procedure us a Select Committee. Mr. DeHamel than moved to reportpro grpss, and called for a division, the members being 4 for reporting progress (Messrs. De H3mel, R. P. Sholl, Traylen and Simp3on), and 23 against. ? The Premier moved tbat the recom mendation i of the joint committee be taken seriatim. . The question wjs put and agreed to, but mother poict of order having been raised, Mr. Loton eaid the question had been put but not decided, and before it was put a«ain he wished to speak on the main ques tion. He argued that the colony was not finxncialyin a posi'ion to guarantee a further loan of £500,000 with interest on it, and he preferred to see the conditions of the contract enforced against thecomp'any. The Chairman said he would again put J^^bliO question as to taking the resolutions 'seriatim, i Mr. DEHAMELinterposed,andpressedthe Premier to say whether he would consent to N- progress being reported, and riot force this A matter through the House in a hurry. '? The Premier said that after one or two j of the resolutions had been passed, pro ''-.' gress might be reported, [ but as the' reso T lutions had been before members during a fortnight, there could be no haste in asking the House to consider them now. '-, Mi\ De Hamel then commenced a lengthy . '; speech, intended apparently to prevent any .' i progress being made. If the Government ' persisted in forcing these resolutions through th'e House, he could tell them that !' ' the pillion of the people outside -was,such L thatjjot'one of those Ministera or members \- 1^ »^^vh° forced through these resolutions would ^7^*^^01116 back to that House again. [AMinis j^Wer : ' What do you know of the opinion of ^?^ the country ?'] He said he knew this much, I that people outside were saying the Pre I mier who was forcing this Midland Eailway agreement through this House was a part ner with hi3 brother in the firm of Alexan der JJVev#3t and Company, and that this \tigi'ecui;fe was to bolster up that firm. . The -Premier: Who sayp that? Mr. A. Forrest (rising) : I say it's a lie. -, Mr. DeUamel said the people outside 7^ -were saying so, and they based their opinion \pn an affidavit which had been filed in' con h*-v-ion with the Federal Hotel at Freman: ^--Kgasked if the hon. mem \- ^T^^qputiny motives. ?s ' -/ \tbat he was imput ' ,Je doing it. Mr. DeHamel : I am saying what is said by people outside Mr. A. Forekst : I deny it, and I say the hon. member is telling lies. '' Mr. DeHamel : I ask the Chairman to order the hon. member for West Kimber ley to withdraw the word 'lies.' The Chairman: I did not distinctly hear what he said. I understood ? Mr. DeEamel : He s«d I was telling l;es, and I ask that the hon. member bo or dered to Avithdraw the expression. Mr. A. Fokrest re-stated the effect of what he had said,' and repeated that the. hon. member's statement about the Pre mier ^wag a partner in the firm of A. Forrest & Co. and about this Midland agreement being put forward to bolster up that firm was lies. Mr. DeHamel said he was merely repeat ing ia the House what people said outside. Mr. A. Foere3T : You come outside and I will show you. The Commissioner of Crown Lands : The member for West Kimberley does not say the hon. member for Albany told a lie, but that the statement he repeated from outside was a lie. The Chairman said he understood that the hon. member for West Kimberley denied the truth of the statement made in this House by the hon. member for Albany; not that the hon. member was telling a lie, but that the statement which the member for Albany was repeating as having been said outside was a lie. Mr. A. Foeeest : Tts, that is what I said, that the statement was a Le. And I also said he was imputing motives by maHng that statement in the Hcuse. The Chaibman : The hon. member for Albany must not impute motives. The Pbejiiieb : That is what he has been doing . ' , Mr. De Hamel : I wai only telling the Premier what was said about him by people o itside. The Premier : Who is the man that says it outside ? Bring him forward. Give us his name, and then we shall know whom we have to meet. Mr. De Hamel : I am only saying what is sa:d outside. It is not I who say these thin ;e. The Premier : Then who does say them ? You say them, and you throw the respon sib lity on somebody outside. Have you no better excuse than that ? (Afterotber con versational remarks, the Premier rose and said :) I think this i3 really going beyond what one ought to stand, tbat the hon. member for Albxny should make statements ia this House on the authority of ttomeone in the street, and then to tell the House he does not siy these things, but they are said ontside. If the hon. member has any sense of deceney let him name the man or per sons on whose authority he Bays he mikes these statements. For the hon. member to come here and asperse my character in this way, holding the position I do, is per fectly scandalous. The Chairman again ru'ed that motiveB must not be imputed, directly or indirectly. Mr. DeHamel denied that he had im puted motives, and he was surprised that the Government did not take hia remarks in good part. (' Oh, oh 1' from the Minis terial benches). He did not say himself that these statements were true. The Premise : Can't you use any better argument than that ? Mr. I eHambl said it was a good argu ment. Thehon.memberresumed his speech, and said that if the Government were determined to go on at that sitting he would re id the whole of the correspondence which hai passed between the Government and the Midland Bailway Company. He pro ceeded to read a portion, and also referred lengthily to another notice of motion on the paper relating to a vote for de via' ing and improving the Eastern Bailway, as to which we argued that all these changes and liabilities would be more than the colony could bear in addition to this Midland S .ilway obligation. He wished to speak on this question at another sitting, and would not occupy more than three-quartors of an hour if allowed au interval t) prepare his remarks in a condensad form. If the Government would report progress, time would be saved and the resolutions would go through in a quar ter of an hour. The Attorney General contended that the hon. member's tactics were obstruc-ive, and the country would judge between him and the Government. If any considerable portion of the House desired to report pro gress, the Government would consent, but the hon. member represented only three others in this matter. Mr. Eichabdson argued that the tactics of the member for Albany were manifestly obstructive. Mr. Molloy agreed with this view, and commented on the inconsistency of the member for Albany in his tactics. He moved that pi ogress be reported, as the hour was lite. Progress was then reported, and leave given to sit again on Monday next; The House adjourned at 11.15 p.m. until Friday afternoon. 