THE CREATOR OF " LORD DUNDREARY. " It is a remarkable coincidence that Edward Askew Sothern should have been born on All-Fools' day. He made his first appearance at the Priory, Liver pool, England, where his father, John Sothern, shipowner and colliery pro prietor, resided. He was educated by Dr. Redhead, rector of St. Peter's, Rocklerry, Cheshire, under whose charge he remained till 1846,when he entered the office of 1MIessrs Poole and Co., ship brokers, Liverpool. But the monotonous routine of business proved unendurable, and, after two years' experience of clerk life, Mr Sothern abandoned the pen in favour of the buskin. In Newington Hall, in Liverpool, Mr Sothern's first amateur representation, -Beverley, in " The Gamester "-though an unmistakable failure, evinced originality, sufficient to cause his triends to urge him to adopt the stage as a profession. But for two years he merely played as an amateur, acting for " benefits, " in return for whion privilege purchasing three or four private boxes. During this period e played all the tragic parts in Shakespeare, Mas singer, and Knowles; in every one whereof he failed with magnificent perseverance. The reiterated failures, far from dis couraging, only confirmed Mr Sothern's resolve to be an actor. Success on the stage became the fixed purpose of his life. On becoming a professional actor he was engaged to play first walking gentleman at the theatre in Guernsey. for the gor-. geous salary of 15 a week. On the very first evening Sothern discovered that he was expected not only to play the Ghost, in "Hamlet," but also to impersonate Laertes and the First Actor, and to take the part of Killingaley, in "Catching an Heiress. " For a whole fortnight he appeared in long Shakespearian parts, and considerably astonished the islanders with his conversational delivery of blank verse. But the manager, possibly from jealousy or from fear of bankruptcy, dismissed him with such emphatic assur ances that he had mistaken his career, that Southern determined to devote two years to the study.-of the legitimate drama. At the end of that time anr engagement was accepted by him at Birmingham at 303 a week, where his success in tragedy was so undeniable as to induce Mr Lacy to offer him 20dol a week at Boston, where Sothern, opening with the im persona:ion of Dr. Pangloss, contrived to fail so egregiously as to be again dismissed for utter incapacity. But to show the value and accuracy of public opinion as regards Sothern's dramatic capacity, one's memory need but travel back twenty years to recall some of the criticisms on his debut on our stage. There were then existent here on the daily press sundry critics (now as extinct as the dodo) whose creed was "the unities of the drama before everything," the mysterious principles whereof they were wont to explain, in Mr Curdle's words, as being " a completeness, a kind of univer sal dovetailedness with regard to dress and manner." To appeal, therefore to the sympathies of the audience by natural acting and gentlemanly dresaing was not, historically speaking, legitimate or ra tional. So ferociously conservative, so rampantly orthodox were those critics that of course it was utterly impossible to impress upon their comprehension that theatrical precedents might become obso lete, that audiences may grow more refined, that acting can be artistically natural, that the less an actor dressed at a part the better he would have to act it, that the less a playwright could depend on the farcical or mclodramatic appear ance of his characters, the better would he elaborate their parts and the whole plot. Each actor was then governed in his every motion by the formulated theories of his professional predecessors. Like children at a pantomime, who refuse to recognise the wicked Ogre unless he tears the brand of Cain conspicuously on his brow and dress, who recognise the benevo lent fairy godmamma by her sranneled gauze ; like the playgoers of Greece and Rome, who judged the different charac. ters by their masks-that with the broad grin being the jester, that with the gross, leering features the sycophant-so did the audiences of twenty years ago recognise certain dresses and certain int,,nations as tlie necessary prerogative and appanage of such parts. Now it came to pass, when Sothern first adopted the stage as a career he ,evinced so absurd, so blasphemous a wish to act naturally, that divers appalled critics kindly but pointedly urged the misguided youth to abjure the theatrical profession, hinting the while that his capacities, though equal to the effort of breaking stones or peddling shoe strings, were by no means adopted to win success on the stage. " Great Scott !"-they would say " even in the most subordinate parts he does everything wrongly! He walks, talks, looks, laughs, cries, despairs, goes mad, too naturally, much too naturally ! It's all very well in private life, but, good heavens ! it will never do behind the footlights !" Young and inexperienced, Sothern dared not refuse to model himself on their opinions, so he followed them, patiently awaiting the time when a long apprentice ship to his profession should give him the opportunity of expounding his views with the authority of success. For several years after his Boston fiasco we find him wandering through the country from theatre to theatre, playing, for curiously short periods, the " Leading" and first " Heavies." Eventually he comes again in New York playing Bob Acres, Tony Lumpkin, and sundry other low comedy parts at Wallack's Theatre. By the bills we cqn trace his gradual elevation from low comedian up to heavy tragedian, in which capacity, as Armund Duval, Sothern achieved his first professional triuwph. Wallack at once doubled his salary, advising him seriously "never to play any comedy part again." This friendly monition proved so unpalatable te Sothern that he left Wallack's Theatre to become the leading cemedian at Laura Keene's theatre, where first Lord! Dun dreary and he entered Into that indis soluble partnership which made both famous. The original part of Dundrearyin "Our American Cousin" contained some fifty lines; yet from a minor and originally uninteresting character, Sothern made his Lordship the central figure, the keystone of the play. He did more, for he made him inimitable. No copyright is needed to protect the unique. Still more, he made him immortal-- an evergreen of the stage. Though, in deference to the stage code of that temple of theatrical tradi tions, Dundreary at first adopted a style of dress which plainly indicated the salient points of his impersonation-mark this, as soon as the costume had produced the effect of almost inseparably as. sociating the actor with the part, gradually, one by one, be dis carded the loud-patterned " pegtops" and b:zorrerio of apparel, toning every thing lown, retaining only the wig, eye. glass, lisp, and to appear finally in the real character, Lord Dundreary, a gentle man in birth, in.breeding,and in all his instincts. When Sothern went to England at the Great Exhibition of 1862, he immediately became a Greater Exhibition. In fact 1862 was rather more A.D. than usual, for it was Anr.us Dundrearil! He was precisely " ono of those sort of things that no fellah can find out." You ana. lysed hise oddities in vain, for there was no single epithet in the English language to which they could he concentrated or defioed. Nouns such as noodle, fop, lunatic, dandy, equally with adjectives as queer, odd, eccentric, idiotic, failed to describo his character and person. By piteously holding aloft the mirrored image of the swells of ' sansiety' and the nobi lity, he overwhelmed them with the inextinguishable laughter of even their own kind, and so vivisected them with ridicule that at last only tho copy remains of the myriad original Dnndrearys of London society. Society has paid Southern for Dun dreary precisely what Spain owed Ger. vantee for Don Quixote. Both attained the same end by curiously similar means, and, did space allow, we fancy that an interesting parellel could he drawn be tween the illustrious Spanish Don and the famous English Lord. To ascertain Dundreary'e mental standpoint the critic needs Sidney Smith's celebrated "Foolo. meter." His was a mind somewhat akin to Mrs Malaprop's -refractive rather thanr reflective, but far more speculative and inquisitive. When he succeeded in " we comembwing" what it is the early bird catches, he was lost in meditative wonder at the folly of the worm's getting up earlier than the bird. BH out-Tuppered Tupper in his novel view of proverbial philosophy, for by his method he so handled every proverb as toldistil from his wisdom most delicious nonsense. Most extraordinary is the general reluctance to recognise his utility. Once more Sothern came forward with an utterly distinct impersonation-David Garrick, the great tragic actor of the last. century-and again (though he bore not the sligheat personal resemblance to the renowned mimic) society owned to "a hit !" In David Garrick was displayed the result of Sothern's long apprentice ship to tragedy. His success in Garrick. was the more remarkable in that his previous reputation as a comedian pre disposed the public to scout the possibility of his successful assumption of even a semi-tragic part. We can say there was but one Dun dreary, and he was Sothern, as sadly enough it is our sad province to say we had but one great Elamlet, and he was Edwin Booth.- N. Y. Despalch. 