LITERARY NOTES. Micawbkb has always been accepted as a drawing by Dickens of his own father. Mr. j Percy Fitzgerald has come upon an old letter < by Dickens the elder, in which he makes a Micawber-like application to the novelist's publishers for a small loan. He owes them £4, and will they be so good as to take a bill for £20, giving him the difference, less interest in cash. 84 Edwards-street, Portman-square, 14 Feburary (He), 1837. Gentlemen,—It has occurred to me that at a moment of tome difficulty you may be willing to ex tend to me your obliging assistance. If not incon venient, or inconsistent with your arrangements, will you dome the favour to deduct the Four Pounds I owe you from the enclosed Bill for £20 due 7th April, with fore shillings, the amount of the interest, and let me have the balance, £1616s. ? Do not suppose I ask this on any other footing than that of an act of 'obligation -conferred on me, and I assure you, though smaU.in amount, its effects to rne.are matters of grave consideration, because anything that should occasion my abeenoewm my dutjesin the Gallery would be productive.of fatal effedts. ; *•'■ You may oonsider.it an intrusion that I should apply to you in a moment of difficulty: .and I feel it to be so; h'ut; recollecting how your interests are bound up -with those of my son, I 'flatter myself if you can. confer .ft favor upon the father without transgressing ahy rule that youhave laid down, and ■without inconvenience, you may feel disposed to do I do not enhance it when I say that the favor, though small in amount, yet under the circumstances would be signal obligation conferred on. Gentlemen, your obliged and obedient servant, Joiis Dickers. Messrs. Chapman and Hall. " Fond as we are of Dickens curios," adds Mr. Fitzgerald, " I doubt if there could be found any more quaintly attractive than this letter - of Micawber- Dickens. As it hangs framed it seems to have a sort of vitality, to have flesh and blood. We hear the rolling accents and flourishes, the appeals and ex planations to Traddles and Copperlield. ' That bill, Sir, -will not be met,' has a new significance. " A bag full of wind blown by the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost" is one of the priceless relics possessed by the monks of Debra Bizen (Church of the Vision) in Abyssinia. Mr. J. Theodore Bent (whose work on Mashonaland appeared lately) was told of it when visiting Debra Bizen, but not shown it It is kept in a holy of holies, which even kings may not enter. Mr. Bent was accompanied by his wife in his Abyssinian tour. The monastery of Bizen is on the top of a mountain 7,000ft. high. When Mr. and Mrs. Bent reached the top the monks made a great ado on seeing that the party included a woman. The Bight gave them a shock. " We were prepared (writes Mr. Bent in the Illustrated London A'ews of April 8) for opposition if my wife attempted to enter the holy precincts, but never for a moment draunt^thai .-sne would , not be allowed to comeiieartt!e;place:In vain weexposfcufated and plea4^ fal»g3ie, .ln vain we said we were -Englishand-determinedtoholdour ground; the monks satarbuhd weeping, and exclai ru ing,^'Betterr^or juAtd die thaii to permit a woihan to stay here.- yrheydried -their moist eyes with- their-long white skirts.and thereby they g^nedtheuday. . Seeing ..their genuine distress;, my wife's pity WaiC Worked upon, ana Bhe permitted ner objectionable and weary person to bfe YernGved about a quarter of a mile away, where the rocks prevented her eyes from looking upon the sacred spot." The Abyssinians adopted Christianity at a very early period in the history of the Christian Church, before the Pope came to be recog nised as supreme head. Mr T. H. Pritchard, of Melbourne writes a short story entitled Retaliation A young girl named Stella Cathcart, whose guardian, Archibald Graham, is a harsh and nnfeeling man, falls in love with Ray Win thorp, who, though she knows it not, is a worthless profligate. Her guardian forbids her to have anything to do with him, but in spite of his injunction he discovers them in the garden together one evening, and be forbids her to enter his house again. Win thorp offers to drive her to the house of her guardian's sister, the only person she knows where she is likely to obtain temporary shelter.- On the way she is overcome by sleep, and her lover forms the base design of ruining her. As soon as she discovers this! she leaps out of the buggy and falls to the ground, but is. rescued by a benevolent lady who happens to be passing, and is ultimately adopted by her. Some years later Stella, who has changed her name end' grown into a beautiful young lady, meets Winfhorp, who has also changed his name, at the house of some friends where she is staying. She knows him, but he does hot recognise her, and finding that he is fascinated by her beauty she determines, in retaliation forbis former bad conduct, to lure him on. He at length proposes to her,' when she scornfully rejects him, at the same time making herself known to him. This final scene iB witnessed by a favoured lover, who,-at Stella's desire, is concealed behind a curtain. It is.fortunate that he is there, as. Winthorp in bis rage and disappointment is about to shoot Her, when the concealed lover springs out just in time to defeat his purpose. For Stella and her lover there is, of course, happiness in store, while for Winthorp there] is nothing but a course of reckless dissipa tion. Such is a brief outline of Retaliation, published by the Sun Printing and Pub lishing Go. It is called a tale of early Mel bourne, but it will be seen that the life it describes is not by any means of the every day order. ! .The 'Sorceress, 'by Mrs. Oliphant (Mel bourne: George Robertson and Co.), is not one of fthis prolific writer's best stories, though it cdntaihs Bpine of her characteristic merits, and isdebidedly above the average novel of theday. 'fhe.peftcmage who gives a title to the book'iB MXss Laura Lance, a clever adventareSB,'{who. .manages to. cause a good deal of tiipnble.to^hearly all the characters of the story. Mr. Aubrey Leigh, a gentleman of indfepehdent means, has a weak and rather' foolish ~ wIfe,wlio is ' dominated by Miss Lahoe, and- when she dies, leaving an infant, She desires her husband to keep Miss Lance in the house to look after the child. fascinating; " ' ' 1"" d the unfortunate a strong man, ,03ins»incU, at bis own eonfes » clear bow The episode inagooddealof n professes to „„„ lady, but „ between thejd,~|tIS. g&atbebitorly; "lojif ubcm tia °to&rwite; es abroad, and whue -_T__ the Kingsward family. and falls in love with the eldest daughter, Bee, a lively and high-spirited girl of 19. All goes well for a time, but Colonel Kingsward, a very dignified," imperious, and punctilious officer, who lvaa at first given his consent to the match, hears something that reflects upon the moral character of Aubrey Leigh, and he writes to bis wife insisting that the engagement shall be broken off, and that the family shall have nothing more to do with Mr, Leigh. This gentleman is very sensitive and conscientious, and, knowing that he was not altogether blameless as regards Miss Lance, he admits that he has done some wrong, though by no means all that is charged to him. Hence ensue many painful scenes, and for a long time to come life is a heavy burden to Bee, to Aubrey, and to poor Mrs. Kingsward, a mild and gentle lady, who suffers from heart disease, and for whom excitement of any kind is the worst thing possible. Other victims are sub sequently drawn into the toils, including Charlie Kingsward, a youth of about 20, who, after the manner of brothers, shows no sympathy for his BiBter in her trouble, but makes an exhibition of his passion for the sorceress that is at once pitiable and ludicrous. Nay, even the stem and dignified colonel—but here we must pause, as to go any further would be to spoil the interest of the story for the reader. There is both pathos and humour in the. book, as well as that knowledge of ordinary human nature which is never absent from Mrs. Oliphant's novels.. The tale is on the-whole fairly well: worked out,' although there are several minor improbabilities, and the ending, is rather hurried. The interest, however, never flags, and that is perhaps the' chief virtue of a work of fiction nowadays. In an article in the Sunday Magazine on Farnham Castle, which is connected with the. see of Winchester, an idea is given of the' quantity of work the bishop {Dr. Thorold) has to do. Here is a summary of his engage ments for 1892down to the middleof December: —Letters received, over9,000; letters written, over 5,000 (the other 4,000 may have been dealt with by the chaplain or otherwise). Sermons preached, 67; confirmation services, 77 ; committees, 31; public meetings, 30 ; addresses, 111; churches consecrated, 4; churchyards, 5; church openings, 1; ordina tion, 1; formal interviews, 172. Nor is all this work done amidst the comparative re pose of Farnham. " Just before Christmas," the Bishop said during an interview, " I was away for seven weeks in the diocese, and during that time I slept in 22 different rooms. I always preach every Sunday if I can, often in the.villages round about, and a good deal at Farnham." That " new" invention—the bullet-proof jacket—reminds the Berliner Tageblall of an old anecdote of the Duke of Wellington:— " A stranger was one morning received by the Duke. He submitted a bullet proof jacket, and requested him to introduce it into the army. ' All right,' said Wellington, ' put the jacket on.' The stranger did so. The Duke rang a bell, and an officer ap peared. ■ Tell Captain So-and-So to send two soldiers here with loaded rifles.' Wfaetr the inventor heard these ominous words he quickly made himself :seatGe." What is the Teredo nav&iis;, and what is its mode of honeycombing the piles supporting piers and the woodwork of old ships? There are only a few Australian timbers, likfe jarrah and red-gum, that ate too hard , for .it. wDr. Andrew Wilson, in the Illustrated Lcnidbit? News, describes the aqkbal:*-?" The ter^dq is a mollusc, and from/its general appearance, receives i the nameof/$h(p-wonp,'| .^^s because its 'body' consists ip. jSRfjwy^gt reathing-tubes or syphons which form of the breathing-tubes prsyphons which its means of communication* with thejmtef world, as it lies in its burrow. Tlje bdfto^tie excavated usually in wood means pf-cire shells. The young teredo begins in a small way, no doubt; excavates, by the rotatory motion of its sharp shells, a small burrow, and therein ensconces itself. As time passes and as growth proceeds the burrow is en larged, the long syphons occupying the main part of the tunnel, and bringing in water and food to the animal, while they also get rid of the effete water which has been used up in the breathing process. It is this burrowing habit which rendered the teredo of old what Linnams himself called it—calamitas navium —but,now that ships are mostly made of iron, the teredo's proclivities are somewhat checked in respect of damage to vessels, although, as Sir Henry Mance and Mr. Preece show, the molluscs have acquired a liking for telegraph! cables." Sra John Lcbbock, in some reminiscences he has lately given in London, warns authors that themost innocently meant statements may sometimes bring vengeance or threats of vengeance npon them.' In one of - his works, he discussed the subject of kissing as a mark of affection, stating that kissing was not an instinct innate in man, and that there were some races, such as the negroes, who did not kiss. As a result of this statement. which he thought was hardly calculated to wound the. feelings of anyone, he received a letter from a negro in San Domingo, couched in the most truculent terms, and concluding with a regret that the writer was not near enough to drink his heart's blood. Among some " Unpublished Letters of Carlyle" in the April number of Scribner's Magazine there is one addressed to his friend David Hope, of Glasgow, which is note worthy for a forecast of the writer's wedded life, uttered some years before his marriage. Whether or not Jane Welsh was a " woman of genius" need not now be considered. It is dated March 23, 1822, from Leith- walk, Edinburgh, and Carlyle writesThese women of genius, sir, are the very d 1 when you take them on a wrong tack. I know very well that I myself—if ever I marry, | which seems possible at best—am to have one of them for my helpmate; and I expect nothing but that our. life will be the most turbulent, incongruous thing on earth—a mixture of honey and wormwood, the sweetest and thle bitterest—or, as it were, at one time the clearest and sunshiny weather in nature, then whirlwinds and; sleet-and frost; the thunder fehd lightning and furious storms—all mingled together .into .the spme Benson—and the sunshine always in the smallest'quantity! Judge how yon would have relished thiS:; and sing with a cheerful heart, 1 Wen letthebbniiyiaas gang!' . K'-Stei' ' ' prod^ibn^fifi^hda,'.' and in which omy two persoimwere on one .'blind-and^the i otherbound, 1_. ductor tried'in win tohoist up a huge I of ffowew^in J the shape of a wheelbi Tht tenor. haVingi hiB arms tied, bduld ' asskrt, and the sopranb, being deprived signv'couM riotwitbout violation of ;dr matic propriety, have any knowledge ofthe dilemma.' there Was a deadlock tlll a peieonbameon »tidr$lensedthe ge^tlemsn'a 