THE ORANGE CELEBRATION. (To the Rditor of the .Eenins Penny Post.) SIR,-" It appears to myself and the Holy Ghost that the Papacy is the Son of Perdi tion, Judas Iscariot, the persecutor of tens of thousands; that masses and indulgences prove that Judas Iscariot sold Jesus Christ for money; that the Papacy was born of the devil; that the Bishops of Rome although born of the devil were at one time very good men; that his hearers should have no bitter ness, but they should leave the meeting with a stronger hatred of Papists than before attending." Such are the expressions of one calling himself a Minister of Christ as reported in your valuable paper of Monday last. Now if this cultured, cbaritable, con vincing style of this Orange orator will not convince your readers in general and the poor benighted Papists in particular, what will? Only for the sacredness of the subject it would have heen a treat to listen to him. If his hearers had any sense of humour or of the ridiculous they would have been highly amused. But Orangemen have not. The only joke they understand is clubbing Popish old men and women. No doubt they were deeply impressed with the Biblical law, the historical acuteness and the love of truth which their pastor displayed on the " glori ous" occasion. It is not recorded whether they whistled the Boyne Water in chorus or discharged volleys of Kentish fire after the exordium. But to be serious. I would ask all Protestant fellow citizens of respectability what good purpose can be served by hashing up old calumnies that have been answered a thousand times these 300 years ? Our habi tual forbearance under frequent provocation often serves to give plausibility to the charges that are hurled against us. When so much dirt is thrown at us some will stick unless we take the pains to remove it in time. Are the pulpit yellings of such as the Rev. J. I-I. Holden going to rouse in these free colonies the anti-Catholic spirit of Orange ism, which has been the curse.of Ireland, and I might add, in a lesser way, of Canada also? Are those disgraceful scenes of rioting, mob rule, church burning, women clubbing and unchristian hate to be fermented by furious fanatics here ? IfOrangemen'hadany sense oftheir position with even a smattering of Irish history they would be thelast persons in the world to talk of persecution. They should:bear in mind the proverb which admonishes those who live in glass houses not to throw stones. Let them read the unimpeachable records of their national statute book and its hundreds of penal laws against Catholics. The Pro testant Samuel Johnson characterised that code of laws as worse than the ten persecu tions of.the early Christians; and the re nowned Irish Protestant, statesman, and philosopher, Edmund Burke, characterised it in these well-known words, " I must do it justice-it was a complete system, full of cohence and consistency, welldigested tand well-composed in all its parts; rit was a machine of wise and elaborate contrivance and as well fitted for the oppression, im -puverishment, and degradation of a people and the debasement in them of human nature itself as ever proceeded from the per verted ingenuity of man." Let me give an other quotation from a Protestant writer of literary merit and discrimination. When the writer comes to treat of the reign of Queen Mary he has the following passage:-" The restoration of the old religion was effected without violence; no persecution of the Pro testants was attempted, and several of the English who fled from the furious zeal of Mary's inquisitors found a safe retreat among the Catholics of Ireland. It is but justice to this maligned body to add that on the three occasions oftheir obtaining the upper hand they never injured a single person in life or limb from professing a religion dif ferent from their own. They had suffered persecution and learned mercy, as they showed in the reign of Mary, in the wars from a64s to a648, and during the brief triumph of James II."-Taylor's History of the Civil Wars of Ireland, vol. s, p. 169. Volumes could be filled with the most dia bolic crimes committed by the Orangemen and their predecessors on inoffensive Catho lics, and the same spirit exists in them at this moment if they dared exercise it. "The nineteenth century," says Professor Tyndall, "strikes its roots into the centuries gone by and draws nutriment from them." " Not a man in Europe now," wrote Dr. (Cardinal) Newman, "who talks bravely against the church but owes it to the church that he can talk at all." Macauley puts it thus:-" We often hear that the world is constantly be coming more and more enlightened and that this enlightenment must be favourable to rrotestantismn and unfavourable to Catholic ism. We wish we could think so. But we see great reason to doubt whether this be a well-founded expectation. We see that dur ing the last three hundred years that Pro testantism has made no conquest worth speaking of. As far as there has been a change that change has been in favour of Roome. At first the chances seemed to be decidedly in fovour of Protestantism, but the victory remained with the Papacy "-(Judas Iscariot.) Nor has Protestantism in the course of two hundred years converted one single nation, tribe, or people. It is summed up in two words, "it changes," and what changes cannot be the truth. It has neither unity, nor holiness, nor universality, nor apostolicity. "During the nineteenth century this ' fallen Church' (Catholic) has been gradually rising from her depressed state and reconquering her old dominion. What ever was lost to Catholicism was lost also to Christianity. Whatever was regained by Christianity was regained also by Catholic ism.; We deem it a most remarkable fact that no Christian nation which did not adopt the principles of the Reformation at the end of the sixteenth century should ever have adopted them, Catholic communities have since that time become infidel and be come Catholic again, but none has become Protestant." Such was the testimony of the brilliant historian in his splendid review of Ranke's " History of the Popes" on the march of the Catholic Church. And it is clear as day that her progress is increasing yearly, even in our glorious colony, which is studied over with her monuments, of religion and piety, and doubly taxes herself to give her children an education in schools in which the cross of Christ has the place of honour. " She" (quoting Macauley again) " saw the commencement of all the governments and of all the ecclesiastical establishments that now exist in the world; and we feel no as surance that she is not destined to see the end of them all. She was great and respected before the Saxon set foot in Britain, before the Frank had passed the Rhine, when Grecian eloquence still flourished at Antiocb, when idols were still worshipped in the temple of Mecca. And she may still exist in undiminished vigour when some traveller from New Zealand shall, in the midst of a vast solitude, take his stand on the broken arch of London Bridge to sketch the ruins of St. Paul's." And it may be safe to add before this generation has passed away she will see the last Orangeman proclaining his recantation within the Irish House of Parliament on Col lege Green. Asking pardon for bringing the Rev. Mnr. Holden into'such notoriety, SI remain, yours, etc., A CATHOLIC LAYMAN. Goulbsrn, July rzth, 0893. 