? Br Jr.SSlB.- ^OTjaiiUGlLli. -i L -; It was the middle of June, and the London season was at its lisjglit "Ara oiigst t-li e iriosb .brigli t an 3; fas liioiiable of the London houses had been for several years that of Sir Theodoie and Lady Trevor—a bojuse which this piirticular.seasoiv liad,^ ill ereafteiw esplained j ii ot ideal t. -:: o.iib hand-a.s of yoie'.! : In iact,^ theVo hadl.ibeSfiviiLJa-uBi'oii perhaps the*^ not'cprae upJatall^a-runiouT^M'jiGli-liaa.oaus mu'cii-.di'sappoiutinent to a good maiiy ^ ; p e f s qjnfejai'ti^l&l;^siig jiJ^iS^n s^ii^i lovjc dancing. Bumour had liot been, .altbgetiier.ep^ town, laut iti. \vas -iiot t-ill later- ,t-haii nsunl—quite the middle of May—arid, as iiL- eiidy,said[,;ihmi v /ea't.er restricted ofi account., said the Trevors :raiyv-ff; ^^l^c^prejsj health ; no'thaving., recq-yei-ed froni. tlie frightful ;S!ipc3r.^Siis^^vgusisj^terai;,; ^ il .ptfi e, [Iqu'gCatidydaugeMu which;, si^. niqnths'ago liad followed upon a. dai-iiig and most dastardly atffimpt upon' 'Iiis life, the aiiiiiorssoi- Tjliieh: had": -never yet been traced. ;.....,•.... . .. For -Sii- Theodore: Trevor had tbe •fortune.or misfo'rtun'eTto -"be not only an English but aii'. Ii-ish landlordsone of the teller Innd—whose well- .lhanaged. estates,, liberal; .belia,v.iqni?, and careful attention to' tile needs of their tenants form.a great stumbling ..Ijior,]-: in -the path of those who svou.ld ;xaih-do.away- with Jantllordisni. aris,- .tpc'racy,. .'and pvq.pev,ty in. general as ^lUiMgB'ti^ei^ij.tljrv'y^pio.Qs. -.... . ; . 'it; ..w.as nearly liooiVi on -a::bpil]ia.iit "iTfflhe., morining; , breakfast had -been, !q?er, jfor-spine. time,, and.-tlie . iiflsiiaiid; and iWife were waiting for-their horses , to Ise. brpugiat round,- for. their. lU^aal ridemrtlie-Row- .He'-.was;-a,..statelyloolcir.gi middle-aged man,.. with a dark,,rather, severe,face,.and .gm;: • rl ;liair.. ..She- was inany years, hjsj.juuipr. —a beaiitiful )yoman,;justiy.:rpno\v:ned ;ipri her powers as a social leadeii. • She, .-enjoyed- that,;society.."in., wljich-, she, shone, but the -passion: of .her hear,- was her. hnslsand, and next to lnm ili4irrt\vo,l6yely little dauglitei-s. Thej' werelookitig over some letters, . apd .discussing them, as they waited for the horses. " He.re they are !" said Lady Treypr,; .starting, .up, as. the .door >va,s qpen(?d; ,and,tlie biitler ca-me in;, ". Tbe horses read^', Farrington 1" she asked. . " Ko, my ;lady,". replied, the man, coming forward'; and banding .her a visiting card.; " it's,-a lady andjgeutle-, ..maariwho. wish to, see Sir Theodore. They say their, business.,is very im- !portaTife^-tbat they know, you don't? *kuowt;th,em.v.but;tliey beg japst earnest-: -ly to.see you.',-.. Lady Trevor's face darkened, and a look of alarmed displeasure: crossed it. Siuce Uie attempt on lier husband's liie she had suffered nervous terrors without number, and every stranger who wished to see hot or her husband was an object of suspicion to her;; As heiwas a-'busy-aad popularrmember-of Earliameht, as well' as a' man- o wealth and high position, it may be iihiigiiied:' that : Lady : Trevor's fears were just 'now seldom suffered to slumber. ; : "..Oh,- wbat-is it? "Who can- t.hcy- ;b'e, Theodore ? " she cried with vexed ! impatience; going to liim and s'ho wing: ;h'im:the card. It .wasinscribed—''Dr and -Mrs; Dobbs, Piercy Lodge, Bostonlea."- JSTow, Bostonlea was a large Xiid'impoi-taiifcitpwii.iu'^ " AA'liat ctn tli6y, -.waiit:.?' r, i)r..:and : Mrsi-.iiDqlibb-^^wlio waiitsii,.to see Dr. :, : a'hcl-.Mi's:'IDobb.sl& : . Bei-fect:istrangei"s J ,'at jthis-®bniv!. It 'is most inti^usive.-and iSn^erfeineiity' I should siiiidiivqr^jthat, iyon are^; 'pf seeiiigtbeiiiv'''•. ,-.;-' '. .- - : • -. •;.< " Bq' 1 , as it happens, I aw not I can very •• well spare tliciu.:, a ...few .miiiutes. Where :are theyi-;.E.avrii)g sl^^si&j;^ Sj^l/i' H. -^.'j?Wh^i • ^ '' In the little drawing loom, su : Both-thegenttemaniandlady look very 1 ariQ'lesE,",:sa'id:l'a'ri-ing,fconireassiiriBg. ly, " and so flutteied and nervous, I thmk:theyai'e:quite-:afraidof--yo'u;siT, but th ey ai e vei y ui gent about it" . " They had bettei come in here," said Sir Theodoie "Then," said his wife w.itli heioia' Resolution, " I lemaimvith you f5o do not ask me to go ' , " My dear, I don't, - " said her hus- " And, Fan mg ton," she added, faming towards him/" do you wait in the, ante room "before the little diawingroom, and if I ung, iflyi here without" 'losingva moment. Do'you- understand^^ "Yes, my lady " - • In a vei y few minutes Parrington: usliei ed m Dr and Mrs? Dobbs, ^and,: having done this, he'felosed the dopr behind Jiim, and departed, peiliaps to 'the ante loom, petJiaps not quite so .-' ;I-ii;Bpiti3 of'rall' her-liei^'qus ,-terror's,-. Lady Tievor could not feel afraid when she beheldDj and Mis Dob"bs ? Honesty and lrnocence Mere wntfcen m every line of then -figmeb and countenances—" country cousm " m every shred ,of then clolhmsj Their colour miiclf^re^Sfiaidp^thet fisjilonibl lady and f gentlevnaii than Jhe lattei need! t ol,tbem Th< p m i suiedh tno %ould b'e ^assassins—neither agi^1 ttatdrs, JSKbilists ^sciciaj. 'demo^rats- pio^ fanylhing but a "very old fasliaoned, j fdS\tor aniliis w,jfe; So much jnust niajpjjieen jjsrtgriti^io (tlie meanest com fretfensjori'" " re Yt TtQxvrSa-vE vJiiffil -i f TO-XT! s n^ryjji? ^mo -^pattaxnim J-lnjfeflig^ Ji mthJTihe ^.visitors -She bowed and smiledtoost;gvaciously," camera little forward, and took a cliairnear the agitated Mi s. Dobbs, whose husband now jpioceeded- " My -wife takes m The Queen, the iir^tes'.v3 r ewsjja^er'''—:-LadyTrevor re- • piet.oed a suiile—" and she read m the iiews- ofthelII.pper:Ten:® Sir Theodoie and Lady Trevoi had arrived in. towii frohi Ballywliishton,. and had rat - oiice vgone toi tbeii' iresi^' dence—here you-'kno.w.flt-ga'vethe addiess " ' Oi a note to the House of ComiSqns^wqu^^IdiaJ^ayss^ia^^fqun Si^j^Tli'epii deep voice " But, m auy case, you have found me in, and ... "' : V ' merely :wishedito'explain,": said l)i Dobbs, " and now I wiUpiocee'd to my biisiiieBS..... 1 think- j'ou wilKagree with 111.0 that, if the thing be a^mere coincidence,-:it:is one,of .the strangest t h ^ e ^ - . The : matter about which I culled," con tinued Br. Dobbs, grqwing-:ever-naore solemn in- his :exciteme^;.f ^relates;: Sir Theodore, to the dastardly aU-empt !i|30ii, your .1 ife, of whiche: all read wlth'such pain and horror, about, six months ago..' "All!" -exclaimed Ijady Trevor, sharply; " have j'ou anything to tell us ibout tliat?" have'somethiiig toitell you," said Dr. Dobbs ; "something which I have qn 1 aav.n e.d:^itKin}the.las.tfe and v,-!ncli wili imt je(,.ji]c rc:;t, cLlv or iiigivtj fqrj you%' to gadge whether you will make any use of my- information. .1 wislKto ease niy mind: of its jjresent ioad'' 1 p"f;' rbsponsibiiity,'.. and then, to Avash my haiuds; of^e'TyhrgJ^'aaattSr;" Well said, l?eter," said Mrs. Dobbs, : nodfling'- 'with.' portentous,- '-solemnity., At this moment the door was burst Open, stud the whole-company started, so excited were they, :one half from ttid telling,. tli<i other half from the listening to, the tale.':. A ciiild.qf• about eiglrt ru'shed into the ! room; ; crying/: Papa and mamma, the horses are there,! Be quick, and.let. us see you, start before Mademoiselle takes us out." 'Ah!" eiaculated Mrs. Dobbs, with "apparent irrelevance, "the same little girkssoneiof.them at.any.-rate." Close upon the -child's heels, followed the butler, with the official announcement ,that . the horses were waiting. 'VTbey musfc.go back," said his master, "I think we .shall::hgr;dly ride this morning?" he > added, looking at his wife. Gertairily' riot. Send the .hprses ba6k, Farrington ; we* are ^engaged Run away, Evelyn," she added to the little girlj! " your father and I are busy, and shall "not'gq.qut this moms' The child pouted a little, but obeyed, Jppking^at Mrs. Dpbbs with a smile as' f s"h'e^y6nF' : 6ut'.'' ' ' " I-Jjeiieve;"' sir, it-"was never discovqredl^hqvydiir .a^]|mfts'' were on that"j: : dreadful : ; occasion,'' continued Dr. ,• Dobbs, when they, were again alone.; ~ " ifq," -said Sir Theodore. " They got fclear,^ajyay. Perhaps partly because'I-did 'not' pursue the 'matter very Iseeiily,- or——" " ^p, ;y.oii,ti?ver would pay any attention tonme-''said his wife, reproachfully. ' They ought to-haVebeen track ed out.-and brou gli t, toj in theinas on ac cpnnt^fvtliat.p.M14&^nl^"«d^ne; , ' She: was-.-agltated;:Siie . always became agitated;; ijiV speakitig, of that dreadful' leye.nte: • ' Her husband nia.de rip reply to lier except'ar look, hut he; turned again to firl^^l^^audi^^^rhjDJfgestiagly . "^hi^gptloffijas^say. . Have you track ?" ,". That I. don't kiiow. . You will decide.' ;; As'i -saidj;I;have jeomii, to tell I. Your children a ^i^ffiu^sagah^dv aigqyerness called Sobers, :I:think-^-3STorah Somers ?" \\. jSjiad ^ieplied^Sir... Thecicipre, asked;quickly ; " We made li ei acquaintance, my wifej-and-JIi.rahont nine,months ago, -in tbeiautumny:.:-wien-she::was-in' charge of j'oiiriittre: daughters at Ashton- on- "She,was theie with the children thfefci-yes." " My wife, who has one of the kindest iiearts an the woild," said Dj. Dobbs, .with an afiectionate glance at histponsoifc, "took a gi eat fancy both We have"no Children, though vi e are: verjj fqnd of thepi, and we J ike youn children and then society " '"JAh, ' said Lady Trevor, looking jmpassiopately^at Mis Dobbs, while the doctoi proceeded r j" And she'invited Miss Somers to conie anti pay us a-viiji^^^^^^ sbe'^had' a"holiday I must sa^, to speak'tiuly^that i was' not as much Hkpn with the young lady as my-nife was We even had one oi two disputes about it, "but I did not tlunk thatsavTOSife-f rom-herrcouldv, do: us: much liaim and ""Wh&fc; did you dislike m lier?" asked Sir Theodore. "It is ratliei difficult to say I of otbgi things than hei duties aiiwHhat some times she got liritated' m? tiymg to reconcile "the two I; donit think she liad a had heart, hut: she was'pr-eoccupiedj 'and. once I heard ! liei speak veiy sharply to one of the little gills ancl'thi eaten liei Tvith a punishment if she was not le«s"trouble some ' S 4" a Yes) r = "yesi 1 ' interposed t liady Tievor,«nath afheighteped coloui ^ {" Bnt^ what*M'adef me^iealLy. sna^ PjeiOus 1 abdiit h ei %asethatfene J J niglitp tepnjtnejfpronieimde^tijwasfeleyeiij ror ofilnm, and told us that she had often-heardhinispeakAvithhatredof ;Si»Theodore Ti'evorjjamongst:, otliers,-; tins did i5eem to jne a very sti ange thing," continued Dr. Dobbs. "I i,m up against them, as T say, and I was so surprised-tlia.6.1 did what was perhaps in discreet. I exclaimed, . '-Miss Somers ..Slie made no answer, -but .turned,-:her facu' away. ' Wilbriihaui. said, rather roughly^ 'You aie mis -taken. Be good enough to mind youi own business, will -yon?' After that I said no more. I went bick to the lioteV But I was not mistaken " " "Weil?"- , •• :-' ,- '' Well, Miss Somers and:her. pupils left a little Aime- before wc did, but: not hefore.niy.vwifef;ha.d-,-renewed her inyitatiotj. aii'd 1 ;.iiss S.om.erss^ha'd'r'ac-; cepted::-it::::and:-pr0rnised:t0'CQme...aK sooii - as slie possibly: could-.-. Sure enough quite late in the autumn, not ery'^ohgiibefor^.'O^ wrote to; my; wife, reminding; lier. -.of what she called their friendship, told her that she had left the Trevors, as they had treated her in -a disgraceful way -—in the way. which on ly rich .-people could : treat poor ones, whom they knew to be-unable to retaliate." " Abominable gii-.I! " exclaimed Lady Trevor, indignantly. '- My dear," observed her husband, "we-know that the gii'.l was a false girl and it was well we got rid of her. She -was dismissed by .Lady Trevor for exactly that which you once su-r- -pyisecl -'.:DoblDsp:*''jl3ecause:. it;-was.-- found that she had been neglecting arid in timidatirig the children. We were very much shocked about it, for we had had excellent testimonials with her from her last situation. At the same time, I observed her often, and much more closely, than she supposed I did, and I agree with Dr. Dobbs I am quite sure she was under some outside bad influence—that spmething was preying pu. her mind ; sometimes I thought she was being led . partly against her will. I know nothing: of thati. But she neglected my daughters, and behaved harshly ;to them, and of course was dismissed at once "Yes," Dr. Dobbs nodded. "Of course, she did not tell us that. She said she had been working hard for ten years, ever since she ;\vas sixteen, and that now she meant ftp take a rest and a holiday. She thought she had earned them. She did not intend at once to seek :a new situation. She reminded my wife of her invitation, as she felt that they avere true friends, and she knew she should feel better and happier for being with her. My, wife was delighted," continned Dr. Dobbs, with a smile. " I am afraid I was very unkind. I did not w;ant Miss Somers in iny house. I did not believe ene word of her blarney, and I went so far as to say ' Bosh! " Mrs. Dobbs sighed deeply, shaking her head mournfully from side to side. The Trevors were half amused, half touched at the little by-play whi went pn. between tbe'ir visitprs, who evidently felt this to be a great event in their lives. There was a moment's pause. Then Dr. Dobbs went on " You may suppose that that '-Bosb.i' didn't help me much. It wasn't likely that it should. I got a proper scolding for my suspiciousness and .uncharitableness—didn't I, my dear ? And 1 of course, by return of post, Miss Somers was told to co lie when she liked, and stay for as long as slie liked. I made the best of it Tliere was.nothing else for it. I even went to 'the station to meet her, one • miserable, raw afternoon, at the end of November—an afternppn which shall-never forget. It was dark and ccVdy'arid a horrid sleet was blown ; ab6ut : hy a north-east wind. Vile it was;" the doctor continued, with enfergy.' " The train—the Irish -mail —was late, and I waited, and--kicked my heels till I was sick of the whole ' thing. I wanted to go, tp my club • All last the'^traiii'.appeared'dii:the; distance;.-: aridvat;the sight ef it a group ..qf. jypuhg-Tfellows who: had been w ait mg uearly as-long. as l had 'set up a ' ki nd' of - ch eer >and - became • very- n oisy and: excited'. ;I asked: a porter whom I knew who and what they were. He told me tliey were from the Socialist Union, and that they had come to meet a certain Wilbraham who was to lecture, on/different subjects of 'that lanil I whistled to myself, not be cause of the Socialism andffche lectures, of -course,- but because of . the: coincidence/': His auditors murmured assent "The tiam was a long one, but, as it happened^ when it stopped I wasi-'exactlyjopposite :tke-.1carriage. from which Miss Somets got oqt, or, iather, from which slje was handed out," said Dr Dobbs, with slow, impiessive emphasis, "by Wilbriiham who took off his hat, wished hei good afternoon, -and joined his fi tends Almost the fiist woids she said to me were how odious it had been to liei to have to -travel with that man all the way -from Holyhead, the most dis agreeable coincidence that had evei happened to lei I said yery little, about it, suipused though I was I put her into a cab and drove to my house with her, wheie she received the kindest of "welcomes from ray ifo, -l'-M ou m iv bo 112.1 c »T/jpn I went 'away and walked tp my club and as I went I saw tie walls: covered with posters to the effect that Wilbialiam was to lecture on diffeient subjects—capital and labor,; trades^ unionism social demociacy and many other things ,All1;hewa| I asked ipyself "Is it a mere ac-', cident, oi is tlieie something behind' all this i 5 How much^is ^he yunder; histmflaence? Llelt uncomforiable^ I must say, iut I was nnyilhng toj that thej get more good from my treatm en t th a n f ro m th at of otli er medical men—quife unfounded, quite; but giatifymg "Miss Somers often told me that she would have liked to be a doctoi, she liked nuismg, and she lilccda, tteiqding;.to. wounds,.:andeverycqunccUid with surgery had an inteiest fox her When 1 looked at hei in suipuse, .she, lajghed her .little, gept-lplaugh^' and said, " Yos, and 1 have netve cjiough for it, Dr. Dobbs, thQugli l look ao delietite,; I- am .considering-j-now- whetber I -will ^'i^ybe^i^/bospitiil' iiurse tliiiii ff gq^licss|nga:iil. ,^'.. . -''^Pg|-weiit'oh iii tbis m-ay quite pleasmtly until after CluKtmas, which she spent, with. us. Siio wag rather sad at tile time, ami'said she was almost v aloup, in, the- world. She had no one tp go to but her brother, and of him she did not speak much. I-gathered that he was a bit of a ne'er-do well, or perhaps a good deal of one. She said it was so delightful to be in a house like ours—a house where every influence was soothing and good. It all souuded very well, and I'm Sure there was some truth in it. How ruueli she was playing the hypocrite—bow far she wa.s making fools of us—I cannot decide : pretty well of each, I am sure. But of one thing I am certain—that she was not happy. Only one tiling occurred during all this time to rouse my suspicions, and ..that, was .-that-idne-, • evenm,- X-w.is coming, home-froni my club,- and; passing a lamp-post quite close to my pwn front door, I met Wilbraham, and was more astonished than I can tell you to see liim. His lectures liad not succeeded at all, and I was under tho impression that he had left the town long ago. He stared at me as we passed-each other, and as lie stared I thought to myself, " Where have I seen.-someone:uncommonly like you ?" It quite botheredme, this likeness to which I could not give a name; But- it was not meeting him that roused my suspicions— it was that, running quickly up the steps and into our porch, I fonnd the door being just opened to admit Miss Somers, who looked at me with Very startled eyes; and then, in a moment, I saw where the likeness was. It was she whom Wilbraham resembled or else she resembled him.—anyhow, that was the likeness. I heard her almost. in a dream as she- said that she bad been ' out alone for a constitutional after tea, my wife having a headache, and wishing to keep quiet, whereas Miss Somers had felt tbe need of a breath of fresh air before dinner. I said jokingly, " And have you been with your, friend Wilbraham P I met him just at the gate." Wilbraham F" she repeated—" impossible 1 Did he not go away long ago ?" " It was either he or his gbost," said I. " I don't believe in ghosts," she replied, and ran up stairs. I said no more about it. T fancy Wilbraham did go away soon after that. I was persuaded that our visitor knew him, and was in some way mixed up with him, but I was. not much surprised that she did not care to have it known, for lie was far from a desirable character. " The next thing that happened was just before the New Year. Mrs. Dobbs always has au At Home on New Year's Eve. It is the only thing in the shape of a large pai-ty tha® we give, 1 because we are not rich. On tins occasion it was more important to lier than usual, as she was counting upon introducing Miss Somers to a good many of our friends whom she had not yet met. Everything was arranged. The invitations liad been accepted, when, the day before the party was to come oS, Miss Somers, after reading a letter which was on her plate at breakfast, said, in great apparent distress, " Mrs, Dobbs, this is most unfortunate; I shall have to leaive you to-day." My poor wife was aghast. The disappointment was very severe, and she could hardly speak, but at last she said, "To-day—do you really mean to-day ?" ." Yes, to-day;" -said - Mjss • Sornei's; lo'oking -agaih at her lietter. ' I wish I could explain. It is business—wretched; unfortunate business —connected with my -brothers I haye 'told- yqu zny brbtlier is riot all he-ought to be." Tears' stood m her eyes. My wife said, of course, m that case, and all that sort of thing, you know. But slip was dreadfully disappointed. And,'to cut it short, it was settled in this -way;' that Miss Somers, who said 1 she only had to go as far as :Gh esterj ishould 'set off that very, morning and return thc next day m time for the "at home." This-settVed matters bisautifully. -Sbp said she would not mind the fatigue ^ bit, arid would rather do -anything than' mlss'thepartyanddisappoint jny Tvjfe So slie went away by the Iiish mail, which of course stops at Chester on its wiy to Holyhead— and, ti ue tp her promise, she turned up again the next day, also by the Irish mail—the one ftom Holyhead—the veiy one she ha"3 arrived by when she-had: come 1,o "visit ns. Sho told us " that hei errand had not been a pleas ant one, and I must say slie looked veiy much worn out, even fpr an un- t -plea,saiit business Sko -was -pale niglit before, which I could see for myself Neveitlieless she;dressed and did something to her face which made hei look less tired (Lady Tre vor smiled}, joined the company, and made herself very agi eeable all romicj The evening was -a yery successful one^ Of couise Miss Soipei s was veiy tied She went to,bed the JJJ stant QUE vjsitois had gone,^nd dijl "not come dow.ii to break|ast tfie npxt r morning She was Agoing jnvayj that .aaWo^Londop she sa^ us Jo unders/and>at ftinp]eas?nt.; ncsses were^ in .store tor Tier,«aind that : ihei *tionblesome,brother wap coins "to be*" more^^oufle^me^th&^ Tj^fore • s s ® • M® 