The formation of a Sooiety for Psychical Re search, on tho lines of tbe parent one in Great Britain, is, we think, an event on which tbe community is to be congratulated. These things occult, which we dream of yet nqt see, have too,- long been made a sordid traffic of by the charla.' tan and tbe impoBtor, and the difficulty always was to determine, as in the caBe of a cyclorama, seen dozens of people of tbe stamp, of whioh Madame Blavatsky mayjia accepted as Jhe type, endeavouring to. make people believe that they are priiestesseB of Isle, endowed with marvellous powers owing to their superior birth, education, and spiritual gifts, and we have seen others like Madame Stein, or. the numerous exposers of the Davenport ' ' and) similar: ) tricks, presenting apparently exactly the same phenomena, with this diffefepca— that they bojdjypronqune thepi . to be- produced by 'Hand and juggling. Yet while tbe professional .'conjuror often succeeds by tbe exercise of his or her skill is mora sorely perplexing the mind than even those who pro fess to be guided by spirit control ; yet, at the same time, there Is an impression left that all is not mere jugglery, and that there is something behind the veil, which man is beginning dimly to penetrate. Partly to collate observed facts and poasible explanations with respect to these things ; partly, of course, ' fpij gatiij. Ar f T., Stead has recently issued ' bis new periodical,' 'Borderland.' It cannot be said that the Society for Psychical Research of Great Britain has ever accomplished much good. It has cer tainly, pefbaps, ieptj sojpe impostors - off . the course, but its own achievpments have >een yery few and inconclusive. It has investigated table- turning, levttation — such as Humes' — and vari ous dark cabinet rickB 'Foster's blood-writing, CumberlaudVthought- readirig, Madame Blavat-' sky's intercourse with her far-away Mahatamae, bqt Its 'conclusions have' been faaeifilyTof a colqar: less aud negative character, and not altogether unanimous at. that,) It; ;has ; been,' perhaps, a check npon the credulity of those who would otherwise have' become too credulous, bnt its researches seem rather to have engendered tbe critical than the originative spirit, i.e., it has not been able, even when It grasped the facts submitted to it, to aBsigu a meaning to them of offer an authoritative explanation. We do not suppose that its Australian Imitator will be able to improve.upon the original in this respect, fo Australia, does not pobbbbs exceptional faoilltief for etudyjng the occult and the apparently super natural. „ We cannot boast of ruinB haunted by ghosts and ghostesses, who "have been in the family for centuries, of bau'shesB, or spectral apparitions, and even'- tho few repeatedly haunted houses we have are, for the mos't'part| quickly let-to respectable' tenants, who are quite unwitting of the character of wbatr are suppose to he" their- nearest neighboursr 'In'6thorregion) the/excitement as; to Spiritualism has long sine; worri itaelf oat among nj, and .the -votaries of it who stlll hold fast to the) faith within them'bavq settled down to a nuie6 'existetice, sinnerod by reiigionS and pbyaloal exercises, ana only by the development of a particularly' fine apparition, which has found a place -in a photo graph,' as did King George's raisins! in the dump-; line. We - do not, therefore anticipate that' a Society for, Psychical Research-Will find much: scope in thiscommunlty:;' lb will probably. prove' a pieasant' opportunity of'meeting and gossip for' those who take au interest in' the atudy of the conditions-'of that further world of which we: never seem to be able to gain any fuller informs-' tlon. And ;lb may help to clear away some of the fog that would otherwise get into the minds of people who read only one side of a question by helping to disseminate the literature, whioh shows the obverse. But, beyond this, we ex pect but 'little. The secrete of-the Hereafter appear to-be ever " firmly held, as they were in the days when the penetrating mind of Plato sought to penetrate their depths, or the prophets of Israel to elucidate them. In all ageB, when the look is turned that way-ward, there Is the same leBson taught, and now we see through a glass darkly." -'" ' 1 1 " A Minister who desires to secure a reputation as a reformer should. be careful to select his minimum. It is a mistake to go too low.-for that may subjecb him' to the 'odium of being accused ,of ..being stingy, and small-minded, and narrow in hie views of life. Not that we would accuse Mr Riohardson, the latest type of the reforming Minister," of 'any of these things. When the( assiduous railway porter passed by the' lady carrying the baby and the bundles and rushed to the assistance of, the Minister aud bis little black bag, the gallantry which age cannot wither waa righteously strong in the breast of the latter, . and - he rebuked the menial and ordered him to attend to the lady's wants first for she presumedly was not a deadhead, and the paying public should be placated ae much as possible to induce them to travel on the lines at all. . That, was beroio and dignified, and self- abnegatory, and Minister-like. But It is quite a different matter, in consequence of that little incident, the Minister proposes to pat the pablio at a permanent disadvantage and to expose us to the detestable horror of the porters' tip. Yet, to this horror of the past, Mr ; Richardson absolutely proposes to revert. In ' jplipq of tfae departmental luggage porter, with > whose alertness w have never |iad occasion to compla)q, we are 'tp be worried 'o 'future at principal stations -by th«. .licensed porter with month, hand, and pocket over open for a tip, which oan never satisfy his demands any more than a fair fare would a cabman's. He it Is who is to compete for ohr luggage' "and our tip, and against whom we are to have uo redress If he loses the former. We are to be at his mercy, as we are at that of the licensed jarvey. And we ask, what is the reason for the change, what possible advantage can be gained from it 1 The publio will be no better sryed than they are at 'pr$ajint, wjiiie thBF wlllj'bB most certainly iu- yeqienced in mapy way. ."Vyhat is the use? "wa asked jn thp Assembly a few weeks ago of taxipg the incomes of people who have no Incomes, and whet, it might' be Repeated, is the use of expecting tips froip qeople who have no cash ? The only result would' be that the porter would go without his tips, while the passenger would feel that he bad committed a meanness In not paying it. But there Is another aspect of the case, and that Is the way in which it would affect forajgn tourists. , These have been taught to believe that Australia Is one of tbe conntrles in the world most free from tips ; In fact, yon may travel from one end of' it to another without seeing extended a seeking "palm- , What. njust be the", comparison 'they -Would' form of the'- country' if, on ite -threshold, they were met by the licensed porter, with palm extended for tip, with his monotonous remark, "Sixpence, sir, please." The influence upon the mind of tbe traveller as to the condition of country, which, permitted quoh a slate of tfjiogs tq" exjab would be 'most "marked, and npght probahly 'largely affect be future coriduqb 'towatda' It, and stay in it.. -sit baa been said that it iB the minor worries of life that cause its greatest annoyances, and one of those is the up- expected domand for a tip when least prepared for it. And travellers landing from, a lopg vaea voyage are often theieaa£ prepared of ail folk to1, pay cash for anything dften, in fact, the hotel proprietor has to pay tbe fare of tbe driver >who takes . him - to his house. .Tbe next- day, 'when tbe 'drafts have been verified arid cashed, they may have funds enough, but many, especially tfie younger .men, land . literally without a sixpence in their pockets!' 1 These Mr Richardson wonid hand over to the tender .me,roes. qf hiq Hcensed. porter,, jvith. hie' '! Tip, sir, 'please," when 'there' was no cash to meet the demand. Yet, another point may bo urged ; la not the Railway/Department, for the con sideration it receives boand iriorally to 'at least remove a passenger's luggage from its own premises without exposing him to 'any) fresh exaction? Is not it so much an almost tacit agreement ? And should we not exhibit an inexpreseedly mean and. ptingy spirjt as a nation if we sought to evade it'?" " " - 