HER FATHER'S IDOL, A Romantic Sensational Story. jlovr First Pabliahed by MRS. BASELEY ("Mfenon"), Author of " Gilbert Elton's Wife," " The Earl's Daughter, " " The Tragedy at Deepdene," etc., etc. Copyright. CHAPTER IX. If yon please, Miss Ford, are yon awake f Bang, bang, bang, went a lond knock on the door. Nelly started np from a sound sleep, confused, bewildered, Bcarce knowing what was bappeniog. Her scattered senses were eoon collected, however. 'Yes, yea ; what is it ?' Who is there ?' A thick voice, with an (indistinguish able sccent replied. It was the excited production of the overworked maid of all work, who wonld not have con sidered she wae performing her doty had she not yelled at the utmost of her power. The result was that Nelly did not catch a eingle word of what was eaid. She was sensible enough, however, to know that she was wanted. 'Is it a .1 r 01 _i : - - j Igeuutsuiau ag&iug; tux 111c t sue lutjuirea, opening the door. ' Yes, yes.' The Abigail said more. Theaffirmative, however, was sufficient for Nelly ; she did not attempt to unravel any more of the gntteral response. Her heart was in her mouth, as the saying is. Her tronbles were over. Her father bad come. Almost beside herself with delight she threw on a few things and hurried I down to her room. I Mark met her in the passage. She I gave him her hand, smiling happily. I 'Dear Mark. don't detain me,' she I cried, 1 D&ddie; has come at last. I knew I it wonld be all right. Yon see, we I worried aDd bothered for nothing.' I 'Her father — here!' broke from Mark, with an evil frown as he stood and watched her enter her sitting room. Then, « Bah 1' with a sneer, 'it's only her mistake 1' For with a cry of mingled disappoint ment and suspense Nelly was back. ' Where is father ?' she asked, bnrriedly. ' What is the matter, my darling V said Mark, soothingly. Yon mnst be only half awake to think Dr. Henstock could possibly have arrived yet, nnless be were able to indnce the wires to con vey him. It's barely nine o'clock, and your letter would not he delivered before eight. I thought yon were going to be op by six this morning ?' He could have cut his tongne off for | the admission of koowledge which bis remark gave, directly it was uttered. ' So I was ; bnt I slept badly till nearly five, and thus overslept myself. Bnt, Mark, who told yon my intentions ?' ' I suppose 1 guessed it.' ' Thafe the reason you are here so early? interrogatively. ' Waking yon np suddenly surd causing yon disappointment, ' he said, , I——' ' Bnt that is my f anlt,and not yours,' she broke in eagerly, with that readiness to take blame for everything that was so pleasing a trait in her. ' I am not dis appointed really, because father will come, and I am always pleased to see you.' She looked as charmiog a picture in her dishabille and freshness as eye could rest on ; yet in his selfishness he felt scarcely one twinge of regret at the anguish he purposed bringing on her to make her hie toy and plaything. Deception inany matter that smoothed his pathway he regarded ae perfectly fair, thoroughly iustifiable. It mieht be a question whether it was in him to know what dishonour or disloyalty meant, nnless brought home to hiB charge as having been guilty of them, so thwarted and crushed was moat that was good within. How little his outward aspect betrayed this evil and corrupt nature, unless in anger and angoarded momeots. He wbb when at his best, fair to the eye, pleasing ; a eon that any father might he proud of, any girl love, ae, indeed, many did, and probably in the future j wonld love. j ' I am afraid, dear Nelly, yon will be ' disappointed and blame me sadly before j my visit is paid, tbongh I came thns early to spare you what I can only fear la doomed to be purposeless worry and napensp. From what I have heard this morning I — I am afraid Dr. Henstock will never come.' ' What do you mean? Ah, ah 1 Tell me why you epe&k; so sadly.' Scarce bowing what she did she pulled him fay the arm wildly. Her lovely golden hair fell over her shoulders, and anguish was in her speaking, forget- me-not eyee. . 1 1— I have had a letter. Fve brought it for yon to see,' he said, taking it ont of his pocket and throwing the envelope on the table- Perhaps he scarcely gave ber credit for any curiosity ; perhaps bis action was the result of assured carelessness, byway, when be saw her leave her hold of him to glance at the address and post- in&rk;, he was quicker, and forestalled her. object by seizing the envelope ' and cnJ8bing it bade into his pocket . 'Pardon me, Nelly,' he observed, with nppearance of gaiety, but I can-' '""lave yon prying and trying to dis- cover my faauntB in town. A man does not care for his movemeots to be known to everybody. Alt that concerns yon is in this,' touching the letter. ' It arrived from Clara this morning. There's a lot in tbatis private ! bnt there is a little that I think yon ought to know. Perhaps I do wrong in telling yon, bat 1 ' No, ao,' she cried, huskily, wounded, hurt, yet full of suspense. Then I will read it to you. Stay I'M leave the page for your own perusal. " «s conaensea into tne postscript, of coarse, thoagh the same tone rnns throughout the blooming epietle. Read it over your breakfast, and when read remember I am jnst as cut up at their horrid insinnations as yon are. Fit call again by-and-bye.' Needless to add Nelly did not wait to finish her toilette before perusing the page of -note paper Mark had left. She rang the bell for her breakfast and then flew npstaire. Dagmar Yotoaki'e apartment, sitting and bed-room, was still a Btory higher. There she cooked and lived. All of her life that she spent indoors wae passed there — painting, she said. If so, there were no signs of her craft about, thongb it was true that she undertook portraits on rare occasion?, orders which either she or someone else executed. The volatile little Russian had en joyed her morning meal of fried bacon — daintily cooked on the end of a fork —as thoroughly as any English-horn matron ; had quaffed her goblet of tea, and was then ready for business. Naturally, therefore, her thoughts wanaerea to iseliy. Chirping like a bird, quietly, as only an unimportant personage amidst other lodgers of greater Importance, she trip ped down and down stairs. \- ' How is my cherub this — ach !' she broke off, glancing ronnd in sudden perplexity and alarm, 'has my dove stole away out of the vulture's neat ?' Breakfast cold and uneaten ; no sign nor traoe of her presence. Mon dieu, Barely she has not escaped. Quel diable ! Shall I have to pay for this ?' The last sentence broke from Dagmar Votoski shrilly and wildly. Like a panther she rang the bell. Had she been queen In the establishment she conid not have twanged it with more peremptory authority. Slipshod Mary answered sans delay. ' Where is Miss Ford ?' 'Oh, Miss Voteyon's, is that allf exclaimed the girl, panting, and with an injured air. ' I'm sure I thought aB how th'ouse was on fire at the leaBt.' ' Where is she ? Sharp, I say ? stamped the Russian angrily. ' She's where yon was, before you corned down a calling overwukked generals in this way, for all I knows or career' replied Mary, prampily, 'and that's in ber bedroom. She ranged for her brekkis quite a hour h'ago — that's all as I can tell you.' Dagmar was fleeing upstairs and was at Nelly's door by the time Mary bad finished speaking. ' Pretty little dear, may I come in? she chirped, her heart beating as anxionsly as ever it bad dbne on any of her blackest deeds — and that they had been black and vile she best knew. Receiving no answer to her insinuat ing little enquiry she took the liberty of stealthily, opening the door — it only needed a push with one foot — and peeped in. Her first impression was that it was empty. On a more minnte search she discovered Nelly lying senseless at one side of the bed, her arms stretched foil length over ber head, her golden hair nearly covering her face. 'Fainted, 'observed Dagmar, apparently with relief. ' The cause of it. Acb, it is here.' She stopped and picked up the page of writing Mark had given Nelly. Her eyes dilated as she surveyed it. ' Hand disguised, of coarse,' she said, as she first held it close and then far off ' Apres tout ; the child Is a fool to be so easily imposed upon. I despise her simplicity. Whatever mood was upon me to pity and fear her yesterday, I cannot say. They say. the vilest villains have their moments of conscience and remorse. It must have been so with me. No more of it for years to come.' Without the slightest emotion for Nelly, with not even the betrayal of ordinaty interest in her swoon, Dagmar Votoski perused the sheet before her. Now, Mark, once for all, let me tell yon that Pa won't be bothered again abont any of yonr foolish affairs in con nection with Nelly Hemstock or anybody. You know what he told you about loving her last time yon were over; and you have wilfully disobeyed him. Dr. Henstock is just as obdurate and obstin ate as father, and says he'll never see nor forgive Nelly again. We are all very ashamed of yon both. Yon may aay what yon choose abont not being married Pa says you only ought to be. Ma eveb thioke Dr. Henstock is quite right in refusing to pardon Nelly. If one of as had ran away with any man, and lost her character, as yon have, she would never forgive her. As you so . skilfully and cleverly arranged your Sight, and, oh, was not Nelly deep over ityour best plan now is to get married. It's yonr one chance of forgiveness. " .But , what ever you do .pray don't keep upsetting as here with yon lettere and telegrams. ' The latter we have to pay two shilling each on, and you know what Pa is about money. He'is for .all the world like a grampus with ids tempera since this tod happened. Mark yon are a nuisance. \- ' "C. %" : 'VAiy cleveriy concocted,' was Miss Votoski's meutal exclamation, u she laid the note back on the floor. 'Just like a lady's ; so natural. But what in the world does Bbe mean about grampus ? I can't think. Ah, well! IdOD't think that this simple child wae wholly an idiot to be deceived. Failing the clue of Mark Boyd's duplicity which I possess, it was easy for her to be imposed on. But now to revive her.' So difficult a task was this that more than once Dagmar was inclined to for sake her work. Water had no effect,and brandy even (which the wily little Bussian luckily had a small quantity of by her in case of emergency) did not seem to take any effect. ' She is dead. He has overdone hie blundering falsehoods this time,' com mented Dagmar, rnbbiog her hands in unconcern as she raised herself for a moment from the fatigue of her Btoop- lng position. 'The brandy does not pass through her closed teeth, but trickles down the sides of her month. One more attempt and then I leave her. There is one comfort with the dead, they rest Ob, my Olga— 'a endden revulsion coming over her as in agony of passion, she swayed herself restlessly backwards and forwards — 'but for this rest I could never endure the sorrow of your loss and live.' A few seconds given to intense grief, and ehe roused herself. One good effort re sulted from her emotion, it braced her energies, k greater efforts in Nelly's restoration. At last successfully. Every drop of the Eau de Vie went down Nelly's throat before she gave a deep sigh and came round. , Uegmar helped her on to the bed and diplomatically left her, promising to see ' about her breakfast. , The golden head was bnried on the pillow ; deep sobs issued from her breast when Dagmar, tray in hand, silently placed it on a chair near, and left her alone the second time. |Best so ; grief will have its way,' ehe philosophically murmured. ' I will leave ber a while, but I won't take my eyes off her movements again till three, then I'm bound to go out and meet Iochakoff However, he will be here to see after her surely before then,' The he in her thonghte being Mark, and not InchakofF, as might be sup posed. Mark did arrive about twelve. He found Dagmar Votoski's email body seated on the fender iu Nelly's sitting- room, eojoying a book, and luxuriating as much as it was possible in the hand ful of fire that dolly burned io the grate. ' Oh, it's yon ' was her blunt greeting. 'Whataro yon doing here?' here joined, nneasily. 'Where is shef Manner more than words showed the intensity of his aoxiety. 'She ie upstairs. I am waiting for ber. We've had a long conversation. You overdid your cruelty this time. It nearly killed her.' ' You know all then ! But why do I ask ; you guess one's thoughts so I may be sure yon fork out all else. Nearly killed her, did I ? She did not suspect then. What a mercy it is her intellect is so dull. Oh, no, I did not overdo the cunning. She had to be deceived once for all, and it was best to lay on the agony pretty thick. When can I see her f ' Fll go and inquire.' ' Stop,' cried Mark, ' this is a good chance for discussion. I want to settle np everything, qoick. Fve wasted enough .time over the business, and must marry her — umph, to-morrow at latest.' ' I do not see how it will be managed. Bosh ! I am puzzled by yonr lack of confidence over this very trivial affair. Last night you doubted your powers, to-day you doubt ma I — ' ' I doubt neither to-day, but this girl has such etroog moral foroe. She is an odd mixture of innocence and sense. First she conld not comprehend how her character could be supposed to be sacrificed. I had hard work to explain-. When I had even knocked that into her, entiled throueh her tears, and declared she wonld sweep away such wrong im pressions. Her idea is to get off home this afternoon.' 'The deuce it ie. She has audacity ; but we'll eubdue it, Her lack of money is. onr safeguard. I'll set Mrs. Hudson on too for payment. She shall produce a bill that will etartle my pretty bird.' 'She will only come to yon — or me.' ' We won't help her, of course,' said Mark, shrugging his shoulders. 'Oh, the game is safe if we can ODly hasten matters. The danger is in delay, because of the advertising for her. I rowed Mrs. Hadson as I came op, and she declares she does not see a paper from one moDtb'e end to another, tnach less leave it abont gratis— as she-expressed it— for others to read; so I hope we are secure, bat onr object mast be to cat short matters. I am not quite safe till I catch her. How abont .that bouse at Hendon. I suppose it will be ready. Are you going to take her there f demanded Dagmar, fiercely. 'Ob, dear, oh, dear / rocking herself passionately in the inteosity oE her emotion. Of course, Dagger, I am going to take her . there, be mimicked, crossly. ' That house at Hendon is where my wife always lives. What objection can yon have to that. You are like a porcupine, -prickly quills ell over, with! yonr numeroue whims and fade. What's the matter now f ' You know,' she answered, sharply, as she recovered. 1 Olga — ' : ' Olga and her memory be- — B-efore lie conld -finish /his sentence Dagmar w&s; at his throat. .j 'Take back your curses and your hateful words. They shan't be uttered against my darling. Unsay them, or Fll go npetairs straight and expose yon to that young innocent.' ' You should not provoke me then,' he said, sullenly, as her hold relaxed. ' You know I loved Olga as much ae ever you could, but a man's love is different. There ! have I satisfied you ? Now, tell me, is that houEe ready ?' ' You know it is always kept eo. Yon gave Mrs. Smith directions yourself ; she is said to keen it readv.' ' That is all right. Then my bride and £ will be there to-morrow evening at the latest. Write to Mrs. — — , what the dickens ' — following the direction of her movements, as she hurried to the door — 'are you — ob, Nelly, I did not hear you coming.' She glided in like a ghost, face and manner alike deprived of life, animation. Instead ofresponding to hie outstretched greeting, Bhe sank fatigued into a chair. Dagmar Votoski gave Mark a meaning glance, which he failed to see. We owe Miss Forde apologies for Inhabiting her room,' she said, with a little enrtsey. ' Mille pardonne, Mademoiselle. Perhaps we have dis turbed you by our little quarrels ?' 'I never heard any,' answered Nelly, unconscious that by that admission she satisfied curiosity. ' I fancied voicee proceeded from here ae I approached, and I am glad you are here. I have something to eay. Mark, I most ask yon to do me a favour. I am goiug down home to put my father right about those dreadful, dreadful slanders. He has been imposed on. If you will lend me ten — five — pounds it shall be returned to you without delay. As my lover yon will grant this.' Dagmar stole ont of the room. Mark's face underwent several changes as he listened. He quite regained composure ere she stopped. ' My deareBt Nelly, of course I will do all that ie in my power, short as I am of cash, to aid you,' hs assured her, craftily; 'but, after that — that hateful letter this morning, which I see has crushed you as much as it has me, would it be well for you to travel home with my money. It would but deepen the feeling with both our fathers agaioBt me if they found I bad lent — you had pro cured funds from me — me, the villain, the seducer !' A vivid flash overspread her delicate face. ' I see all that is implied in the act,' aha said, gently ; 'yet how can I r.ach my father without falling back on you ? I know now that I shall not get either letter or money from him till I have cleared my — character; truthfully ex plained the dpiogs of these last few daya He would believe my assertions, because you koow how innocent I am, if I conld only just reach him. I must do so. It would kill me to wait aoy longer. It is bad enough to know that he has for one moment credited eo evil a report against bis pnre, loving, if careless, child. 1 Oh, Mark ! I long to be once more under the Bhelter of my father's house. I will never do anything that he disapproves of, but he shall send for you — pardon and accept yoo openly as his sou. ' With his forgiveness happier days sball dawn.' She sobbed convulsively. Mark folded his arms and gazed at her. Not by any means pleased was he with her, but he did not show it. He seemed bent on deliberation. 1 1 am awfally sorry for you,' he declared, ae strenuously aB it was un truthful. ' I am sure I did all that was possible to save yoo from this — slur. I dragged myself away when it was a temptation to stop. I > 'You could not have been kinder nor more considerate. It wonld have been impossible ; and the injustice is as hard on yon as on me, only io another way. It shall all be rewarded, every bit of kindness, ifyon will oblige meby granting my request.' How was she to know that there was no prospect of his complying ? To have possessed a suspicion of his treacherv would have completely done away all need for petitioning. Therefore she pleaded, and he dallied and teased. Finding at laBt that her firmness was immovable — obstinacy, he dnbbed it- he in very impatience resorted to his dernier resort. He did so very unwill ingly, fr it meant farther delay.greater danger of discovery. But it was the only chance, and would save time ultimately. He would see that things were made so uncomfortable for her daring her absence that everything worked together to push her into hie power. For the rest, he conld trust Dagmar Votoski's watchful nesB. ' My darling, if you are absolutely determined to see what a personal inter view will do, I can only suggest one stop,' he said. Had yon money, yon would decidedly ,be the most suitable person to intercede with your father.' ' I am, I am, Mark 1' 'Failing meauB, however I distinctly deprecate the idea of my money, my aid, being need for that purpose. The very fact wonld tell loudly against our cause at the-very start. Dr. Henstock is so ultra particular.' Nelly failed to acquiesce in Mark's reason for refusing to lend her money, bnt ehe saw a certain sense of justice in some of his remarks. - It would, it should, come all right if you would onlyjenjl me a little,' she pleaded. vs. 4 - «.. Mark grew angry. 'Not another word,' he cried, 'yonr treatment of my superior knowledge of the world ienpt .flattering, to eay tire least, and your persistency in desiring to leave me does not speak of nnbonned Iovp. We will let that pass. Nelly, I am going to propose an act self- sacrifice, done at great inconvenience to myself. You cannot go to Slackaby. I will travel there instead, bear the brnnt of your father's anger ; propitiate, humiliate, plead, and beg for forgiveness as never man pleaded yet. So Bncceesfol will I be that I will not come back till I persuade bim to accompany me. Now, will that satisfy you ? She bad much to oree aeaiuBt Mark's plan. She was only too well aware that no embassadreBS no matter how gifted could have the chances of succeed ing that ebe would, yet after all that Mark urged how could ehe be ungrateful enough to stand out further. To damp his expectant face with demurs would, she knew, not only disappoint, bnt also vex him. ' Will yon tell him exactly how every thing was ?' ' That goes without telling. If I did not. love you as much as I do, and derire to put things straight, should I go at all?' It seemed ao certainly true that his motive could but be a sincere one that Nelly half reproached herself for her question ; and in the end Mark left, having everything juet as he wished. Even Mrs. Hudson had her directions. ' Fll do exactly as yon tell me, sir. To-morrow afternoon, as the kitchen clock strikes five, I'll demand payment, or begin to hustle her out. I've no pity for one of her sort. If she has no friends she has no right to pretend as she has them. Fity but what she could be advertised for, likes a Miss — Miss — ; I forget whit's this they tell me her name ie ; but it's not Fords, that I can truly etate. Mary's young man told ber that a young lady ie missing — stolen by somebody, and that there'a a whole hundred pounds offered to the person that finds her.' ' Mary's young man has been romanc ing, Mrs. Hudson. I very much doubt if anybody would give a huodred pounds nowadays to recover their dearest friend. Not Miss Forde's anyhow, because ehe has none. She wsb born in a work house, and her mother ia dead ; her father never owned her. Yon see the sort she is.' ' Indeed, I do ; a sort that would have been better in a less respect able lodging than mine, I take it,' said the landlady with derided acrimony. ' Aye, I hnow the sort well enough. I don't know that I shall wait till to morrow night to bustle her off.' ' You'd better,' said Mark, in signific ant tones. It might be that be was not sufficiently assured of his hold on Mrs. Hudson's charity, for he sent a message upstairs for Mademoiselle Votoski. Together they discussed matters on the gronnd-floor sitting-room for folly twenty minutes. So low were there tones, despite their earnestness, that Mrs. Hudson, thongh the door was ajar, and ehe strained her ears and craned her neck, she could not catch a word. 1 1 won't wait one second after my eight-day clock commences to strike five to-morrow,' growled Mrs. Hadson ; 'before I'll begin my attack on her. Telling her tales here, and pretending such innocence. I can't abide ehams ; never conld. If people iB bad, let 'em own to it. Ob, my fine lady, I will make yon smart. And yon too ' — shaking her fist at the door. ' I believe you are mother and son, and a bad pair, both of you. Ugh! I'll clear you all out, I will.' CHAPTER X Breakfast was laid for one at Mrs, Brace's awaiting Hugh's pleasure. There was no dainty silver to charm the eyee, no choice damask, nor delicate costly china ; bnt there was cleanliness and every token that a loving hand with watchful care conld beetow. A few flowers gathered fresh; a large mug with its reminder imprinted on in coloured letters staring at every beholder : ' A mother's sift from Blackuool i a new- laid egg in its tiny enp, his chair and shoes placed by the fire ; whilst on the hob, keeping warm, was a pot of Hagh's favourite drink, cocoa, and a saucepan with water betide it. ' Poor. Hugh's bodily pain for the laBt few days was greately augmented by mental anxiety on Nelly's account. He loved her with a deep and absorbing love, most pitiful to witness in his blighted career. So acute was hiB anguish dtTier mysterious disappearance that hiB mother had- grown' to tear the ulterior effect of-lt on Mb already en feebled health. '' She was engaged in her front parlour, teaching the few pupils that Slackaby contained anxiouB to embrace something higher than the village National School. Once a goodly class tod been hers. A sort of interregnum had sines succeeded. Luckily for her it came et a time when ehe could afford it. Her own annuity, aided by Brace's assistance, was fully sufficient for ber simple Btyle of living. She had entertained serious thoughts of retiring, so as to devote her time wholly to Hngb. Bat he was a quaint child — child -he was not, save In appearance, —and Btrongly negati ved,not to eay resented, the implication : he did not want a nnrse messing after him.' Poor lad 1 it was bntan important beat ing of the wings, against a dependence that he was unable to dispense with. The parents of pupils besought Mrs. Brace potto desert, them, else where should they send their children? This added to. love of her calling, anda desire to make a little extra for luxuries for her darling carried the day. So ehe still morning by morning en- tered her front parlour, Bible in hand ready afresh to go through work that never grew old. Yet till Hugh des cended—he was very variable as to time — her doting mother's ear was ever oo the alert. He wae a noted character with the pupils too. Some loved, some pitied, and all were interested in hie welfare. It eo happened that morning that Mrs. Brace failed to catch the sonnd of ber crippled eon's descent. There was nothing pleased Mm better than to out wit her. So steal down noiselessly, and help himself (difficult ae wae the task) afforded Mm impish delight. ' Hugh ie down, Mrs. Bruce,' eaid Berths Clarkson. I think not, dear, was the gentle reply. ' He was in a tired slumber after a very wakeful night. I troBt he is not awake yet.' But Hugh it was ; his deformed and crippled figure popping the egg deftly into the saucepan. His hump back was towards Mrs. Bruce ; an expression of acute disappointment rose into hie face at having been discovered so soon ; prior to it au unusually keen, expectant look had been stationed there. ' My Hugh down eo early ! exclaimed Mre. Bruce, with just that touch of sympathetic anxiety in her voice that riled him. 'Poor boy ! oh, you've got the egg that one of yonr own chickens has laid purposely for yonr breakfast.' Bruce had given Hugh three bens for himself. ' 1 don't know that I shall have it,' snapped Hugh sharply. 'Oh, do — do, my prectons,' pleaded the mother, earnestly. ' It will do yon so much good.' Hugh fidgetted. His wish, was that ahe would leave him. He loved his mother in his way, but ehe did not understand hie moods. It would have been simply impossible for her, with her wealth of uutiring patience and deep devotioD, to comprehend that she was ever unwelcome to him, that her over anxiety irritated, her too unrelaxiDg watchfulness rendered him restlessly wild. ' Can't you see the egg ia boiling?' he growled. ' Your boots, oh, my precious, don't you attempt to pat them on. I ' ' You can go away and leave me, mother. Sarah laces them. I told her ; she will be here presently.' ' Let me get your ?' No, I wont let you I' buret In Hngb, fiercely. I don't want you getting me every thing. 1 like waiting on myself. Go to your pupils and leave me alone.' 'Then yon are better. Hugh ; yon — ' She stopped abruptly. An im patient murmur interrupted her. She thought he was going to fly into one of hie tempers. Flaring restraint on himself, he said — ' I am much better, thank you. My pain has quite gone ; only I like to get my breakfast without — without inter ference, mother.' Mrs. Bruce returned to her pupils, and became engrossed in them. .When Hugh had those moods he could manage for himself. ' Come here, mother ; I want you,' exclaimed a voice at the door. There was no mistaking the shrill piping. 'Study your maps till my return,' aaid Mrs. Bruce. 'Sit down there in my arm chair, mother,' commanded Hugh, as he quaintly seated himself in a small rock ing-chair that had been his as a child. ' I've something to say to yon. I know where Nelly Henstock is !' A slight scream buret forth from Mre. Brace in her astonishment, as well it might. Hugh's illness was greatly dne to suspense and grief at Nelly's inex plicable absence ; the village was going through a nine days wonder over It. ' Now don't go and think that I can lay my hand exactly on her !' cried Hngb, fretfully. ' I can't do that — yet. But Fve fouud out who is keeping her, and I — I know that tboueh neatly dis- tressed, that no harm has hsppened to her.' ' Hugh !' ' Oh, do ask questions,' exclaimed the poor fellow, irritably ; ' and don't take my news in that awestruck manner. Sarab could not be more Idiotic over it than yon ; and I came down so brimful of hope, so sure that together we should find her.' ' How do yon know anything abont her P ' I've bad a dream !' « Oh — itfa only — a dream !' 'There yon go pouring disbelief on my very first words. Just as if you did not know what wonderful dreamB I do have— if they are dreams. They're more visions ; warnings, I believe.' ' Warnings, Hugh !' ' Yee,- warnings. What did I tell yon before Nelly left us ? Did I not warn yon all against itf — beginning to cry — ' I warned her too. I might ae well have held my tongue. But you may be glad everyone of you, to be guided by me yet. If I am only a warped de formed cripple, there are things told me that are hidden from you." Send for Dr. HenBtock, mother,' he broke io -abruptly. My dear boy you know bow he bnries himself in the seclusion of hie own borne. He wonld not come. ' Send for Dr. Henstock at once,' reiterated Hugh, ignoring Mre. Brace's opposition. 'But to— i 'Shall yoh eendf shrieked Hugh, shrilly; or must l send myself f ' My precious, Hugh, you are a strange creature,' eaid Mre. Brace, looking at him earnestly. 1 It pleaseB me to see you better, and I shall like to lieten to your dream, though it iB only Buper stition, and ' Before her sentence was half finished Bruce was on bis crutches, hobbling to the parlour door. Rapping, hard on it, he cried — ' Lotty ClarkBOD, run off immediately for Dr. Henstock. Tel! him he has to come. Don't return withont him. Say that Hugh Bruce knows something abont his Nelly. Mother, yon shan't stop her !' My dear eon, I have no wish to do eo. All I wae anxiouB was to spare yon trouble. Be prepared for disappoint ment, Dr. Henstock won't come.' 'Won't he? That's all you know about it. Hurry Lotty, and yon shall see my dormouse. Dr. Henstock would go to the cannon's month to learn a word abont hte Nelly.' Hngh'eeurmiseproved correct. Barely ten minutes passed before the Doctor, with his stooping form and haggard, careworn face, so aged during the last few days of Me keen suspense, sleepless ness, and latterly despair was seen approaching, Lotty trotting briskly at Ms ride. Did Bhe remind him of past days when Nelly had trotted by Mm, his ' paBsionately loved companion ? Mre. Brace's thoughts for Hagh's comfort-suddeuly changed into anxiety for Dr. Henstock and his probable : dis appointment, as she saw how quick were hie movements. Meeting Mm at the door, she said — 'Enter, Doctor, bnt let me remind yon,' in a low tone, ' that my poor, afflicted son has hallucinations.' Dr. Henstock, after the briefest re sponse, passed on. He was in the position of the dying man who clutches at a straw. ' I am glad you are come, Dr. Hen stock,' was Hugh's greeting, his small, child-like yet old, wrinkled brow and face lighting np. ' Sit there. I have a message from Nelly ; yonr Nelly and mine, to give you.' 'Bless me, boy, what do you mean I' ' Oh, I have ; is not that chair com fortable ? No, don't look so — impatient, I am coming to it all. Yes, mother, you can stay and listen ; bat I mast tell it In my own time. Nelly wants to get back to us, and can't, she's kept a prisoner.' ' My child in prison 1' burst from Dr. Henstock, a perspiration breaking out on his forehead. ' Where ' Doctor, you believe in dreamB ; in some people's dreams ?' ' I do,' was the unexpected reply. 1 1 ehould go against what my experience has taught me if I refosed to do so. Some people whose brains are preter- naturally acute as— as yours for instance, have at times what I may call inspire tions.' ' There, there,' cried Hugh,wlth strange delight, as he clapped his hands ; ' I told you so, ' Ob, Doctor, I love you firet for Nelly 8 sake, and then because you are so sensible.' A grave smile passed over Dr. Hen- stock's face. 'Then we mast be friend?. But Hugh, your euspeose tortuee me. Tellme what you dreamt ?' ' I will ; it's a clue. I did not sleep at all till it was nearly time for Sarah to get up and light the fire. I was juet dozing when I heard her. She Bleeps in the little room next to mine, and she makes snch a noise. I waited till she went down, then I remember no more till I found myself in a large place full of people, all strangers to me. No one noticed me, thoagh I walked about amongst them boldly. I had no crutches. It was such a treat to forget my deform ity, and I strutted hither and thither. Suddenly a little woman — she did not look English, nor a bit like anybody I have ever seen — stopped me said : ' Are you looking for Nelly Henstock ?' She seemed to hiss her words into my ears. I was not afraid, bnt over-joyed, and hissed back : 'Yes, yes, where is ehe ?' Hush's eyes tod a far-away look. He spoke as if passing through the vision again. Dr. Henstock leant forward, breathlessly, an anxious, strained ex pression on his face. He look as if endeavouring with all Ms might to see what Hugh saw. Tears trembled in Mrs. Brace's eyes. She was sorry for both of them. There was a pause; noneBpoke; a word might have broken the whole spell. ' Where, where Is she ?' I asked three times,' continued Hugh ; ' then the s (.range persnu couched iiie «m u,o shoulder, turned me partly ronnd, and pointed. 'There!' My eyes followed the direction -of her finger. In an open space in a sort of bower, sat Nelly. People moved abont, but never went near her. She passed as unnoticed as I did until a gentleman, young and nice looking, whose face seemed familiar to me, though I could not remember where I had seen it, went and stood in front of her. Her fate grew bright; it's sad wistfutness fled. She gave an ex clamation of glad eaiprise, and beckoned bim to a seat at her rida ' Have you found daddie? she said.' Aod my darling's answer,' broke in Dr. Henstock, wildly, 'what wm It?' \- I did not hear that. Mamma wakened roe ; but — ' ' Hugh, dear,' interrupted MraBruoe ; <1 think the very fact of Nellie, saying d&ddie; would show you that the whole affair is improbable. She would not be likely at her age to ' 'Pardon me, madam, I take just- the contrary view of the case. The one wordstruck fan toy brain at ones, and if ae your words imply you and your eon were ignorant of my daughter's loving epithet for me carried on past her child hood, then the dream assumed im mediately a solemnity and importance which otherwise it would have been deprived of. Alone I was invariably ' Daddie.' it mighfc.be Childish, but to my loving ears the snand was fall cf moBic. Would,' withbitter anguish, 1 that I could bear her calling me thus again.' 1 1 believe now you come to mention it, that I have beard Nelly speaking of you time,' observed Mre. Brace, with re collection. 'Bat Hagb, you never have, have you I' 'Not that I can recall,' said Hugh, searching iuto the recessesof hismemory. Probably I must, however, or else it would indeed be singular for me to dream she was asking fur her father by a name which it seems she frequently called j .him. One, moreover, which to any other too is practically nnkoown to me. We wander j I have more to say. After I was wakened from my pleasant dream —it was pleaBant to again see her (whom I had been grieving for as dead or wounded) alive and well — for, oh, I do love Nelly, Dr. Henstack ; she is more to me'than anybody.' piped poor Hugh, his face puckering np. ' Mother is over anxious and fidgetty. Bruce, when be comes home, means to be kind, bat be has so many other interests, besides his manly appearance always calls up to me what I ought to have been, and — and hurts me j and then be does not visit us often ; but Nelly, she was always just right. She laughs when she ought to laugh, and ehe is sympathetic just at tbe right time. She — now mother has gone off offended.' 4 Not so ; she was called, but proceed, dear Hugh,' said Dr. Henstcck, with emotion, 4 yon fell asleep again.' Hugh wiped his eyes. 4 1 did ; and resumed my dream just where 1 had left off only — only she — she was parting with the gentleman and giving him directions. He left. Suddenly the whole multitude turned on her. I fought and fought to get near, and could not. Oh, I was wild. I felt as if I had great strength, and yet, though I exerted it to the utmost, it was power less. It went forth jnst as vapour. ' Help me,' I cried to the very peculiar little creature who had pointed Nelly out to me. She cleared the way im mediately. 4 It's those Boyds who block the way,' she said.' ' B iyds, what Boyds !' burst furiously from Dr. Heuetock, as he jumped up. 4 These Slackeby Boyds, I presumed,' said Hugh, 'because as 1 got there Nell; was baviDg a fierce hand to hand fight with Dr. Boyd. Was it not singular ? Before I could reach her she bad .knocked him down. Setting her foot on his neck, she wildly wrung her hands, crying 4 Daddie, daddie, ob, why did you forsake me ?' ' Bat I have not forsaken her 1' cried Dr. Henstock sobbing like a child. ' I would give my life to find her. I — but go on, Hagb.' 4 1 have told you everything — every word,' said Hugh. ' Now you know all. You will go and fetch her. She is alive somewhere, and she is calling for you. She never noticed me. I don't think she saw me at all, or she would have spoken to her poor Hugh, 1 know. Not that she ever called me poor or showed by the slightest sign that I was different to others, as everyone else does, because she did not, aud perhaps that was ods reason why I loved her so. She treated me exactly as if I were straight and manly and handsome as — as you, Dr. Henstock.' Perhaps Dr. Henstock, engrossed in deed thought, did not catch the pitiful sentence. He passed it by in silence. ' I wish I knew where to go, where to look, what to do !' he cried, helplessly. ' Every effort that man can devise or artifice resort to has been tried. Money is no consideration, if I spend every penny I possess I will not grudge it for her restoration. Some scoundrel or im postor has her somewhere a prisoner.' 'Yes, she is a. prisoner as faras liberty is concerned,' averred Hugh. 4 That was made plain to me. I fancy from tbe multitudes that it is in a city — perhaps a foreign city, from the face of that funny looking foreigner who guided me ; yet, no, tbe others appeared all English. Dr. Henstock, why not go to Dr. Boyd, and demand an explanation from him !' 4 1 could not j the authority warrant able for such a proceeding is lacking. Were I convinced that Dr. Boyd was in any respect cognizant of my darling's loss I would prosecute him to the death sooner that let him escape. But I don't see what he conld have to do with' Nelly's disappearance.' 40h, I wonld not stop to .think all that out,' asserted Hugh, with assurance. 4 If I were able I would go and attack him, and . I am not so strong nor so deeply interested in one way as to Nelly's restora'ion as yon are, though I know I love ber as much,' piped he. ' He is in her loss— has a hand in it, I'm certain, or else why should he have been with herl' Hugh put tbe query with a positive — — — - - - - - latf lUtkuvwJ 11 vuii futilug. He expected no .opposition, neither did he receive it. What— what sort of a young man was it that you saw in your dream f queried Dr. Henstock, musingly. .'That's, the part that puzzles me,' nrlmitt.Pfl Rnofl fpflntlu ITle to ne mn a like ope I know, of have seen, yet I know so few. Laogley sometimes brings a friend home with him for a day or two, but I remember all those. There is scarcely anybody besides for mp to re collect.' You know Mark Boyd, 'of coarse V interrogated Dr. Henstock, leaning for ward and speaking in a visible .exciter me'nt. ' Hugh shook his head. . " , 'Dr. 'Bayd's only sod,' continued Dr. Henstock, rapidly. 4 1. was trying to remember. I must baveseen him in the past, I suppose, bnt he has beeo away sp moch that really J.' can't say. I seem to have a .hazy re collection of an insipid-looking youth, abotft LapgleyYage. .It is all dim — dim. No,; I should not-tf fancy—' deliberating 'U-t V ,«! — ' that the young man of ' my dreams could be he. I will try and think it out.' 4 And I will get Mrs. Bains to procure a likeness of this aforesaid Mark Boyd,' said the Doctor, rising hurriedly. Words trembled oo Hugh's tongue. He would have liked to have known be sides what the Doctor was going to do. ' Yon wont leave one stone unturned?' he cried, shrilly, as Dr. Henstock passed out ; aud, oh, yon'll come again soon. Ob, he's gone 1 Oh, dear, dear !' ' Are his dreams anything or nothing ?' queried the Doctor, in perplexity. 'Strange that they coiucide with my fears. Ithiukrd— 111 — The remainder of his cjgitations remained nnnttered. (To be coidxKwed.) 