BREVITBES. Hot days. Bush fires. Cold nights. Tubers coming in. "Army" captain ill. Resuscitating " Hivdassali." - : High winds and rain this morning. Hearty " send off" for Mr F; W. Heaps. The Hainpden-street ghost getting- very . - wary. ' ' ' Water supply-to 'be officially tapped on Y 2nd March.-". Criminal proceedings'.faiken against- one Joseph Moses, for- alleged arson.. at Albury , New Zealand railway revenue-shows a re markable' increase. ' American" visible snpply of < breadstuff steadily diuiiuisHinj. Sevdre sentences passed on Panamadirec- . tors condemned- -in Paris. ,- . American flag hoisted on Royal Palace at Ho.nplu.lu. . Visible supply of- American; brcadstuffa -steadily decreasing. . ;'V' \- -Progress of-AmerieanrSilver Bill" blocked for. the present.! .. Norwegian .fishing fleet destroyed. A hundred-, and. twenty-thrco -'.fishermen drowned. - \- Home Secretary -has refused the demand, for release of d .v nam itard8: from prison. \- Boot-. trade dispute in South Australia settled satisfactorily by arbitration.-. Federal Bank, South Australia, ordered into eoniplusory liquidation. London tin quotations £92 10s. for three months. - .- Victorian rail way' expenditure to be cut down £50,000 per annum if possible. River Darling 26ft, above summer level. Flood anticipated. . - Employers Liability Act Amendment Bill passed by Now South Wales Legislative Council. Two children buried alive in sandslip at Indooroopilly. Bodies not recovered. Relief funds pouring in at Town Hall, Brisbane. Food and olothing is beiug distri buted to the destitute. » Last Thursday's experiences in Victoria are described as very like those of the historic Black Thursday. New contiact arrangement at Broken Hill, " payment by results," . proving eminently satisfactory to men and man agers. Missing word competitions declared a contravention of the Lottery Act by Justico Sterling. Lancashire cotton masters contemplet© a general Jock-ont to prevent operatives at ' i work helping those on strike. It is runionred in official circles that the Earl of Kir.tore shortly resigns the Governorship of South Australia. New Zealand imports ' for 1892 . wore £439,000 more than in 1S9I while the ex ports were £30,000 less. a-Bu\;cli'Ugh and 'Prime Ministers farou- riteg-for Neynmrket Handicap (Victoria), an(FiSf. Hipppfprl-he Australian Cup. Large- number "of British depositors in Federal Bankjj.sse.nt to voluntary liquida tion contingent -on; the Melbourne Bank also liquidating- . New South Wales Government- Statistician warns Friendly Societies that they are existiug on an unsound financial basis, and are not entitled to registration. The action of the Melbourne general manager of the Federal Bank in withdraw ing £60.000 cash and £200,000 securities from Adelaide, just prior to the bank closing its doors, denounced by the Supreme Court as unwarrantable. Sugar wortli £2G per ton in Brisbane. Some fighting in . Somali, N.E. Africa. Forty rebels killed. Tho Khedive of Egypt has returned to > Cairo from Assounan. i Feeling in Hawaii in favour of annexa tion by United States is increasing! Vessels at Marseilles How obtaining clean' bills of health. Chief Rabbi Alder' gives assurahce that destitute Jews will not bo sent to> Austra lia. . Address-in- Beply' adopted in House of Commons. Reduction of New Zealand cable rate3 ha? already doubled1 the business,' New Zealand factory butter selling in .London up to 104s per cwt. , London wool sales on Friday slightly in b.uyer's favour. Mr J. E. Redmond says there 'is. little chance, of the Home Rule Bill passing. Lord BrassCy 1 "sppkeii of as' t-he -next Governor of New South Wales.. Great Britain asks Russia t.o define pre cisely its wafers in the. ;Behfihg Straits. Thirteen people 'killed ic'Rome by .col lapse of old buildings. - - British diplomatic ' i'e'latiohs restored-, with the Vatican; . Roman .Capholics of Bendigo havo sonfc' the Pope a jubilee gift of £500.;. ; Much illness prevailing in; North and- South Brisbane. Heavy rains again reported, from, Too-- woomba'di.striet. Darling River risiiig rapidly. Melbourne Tramway employers have agreed to submit to 5 per cent, reduction on wages, subject to curtain, stipulations. John O'M alley, tormerley Traffic Super- indent ou Victorian railways has died from cancer. North Welsh Liberals threatening to secede from the Gladstone party; unless: Church disestablishment is pushed for ward. 'i lie Condemned directors of the Panama Canal Company are appealing against their, sentences, and public sympathy1 is with them. Lord Kintoic says there is no truth in -the report tliat.be is about to resign the - Govenoiship of South Australia. Fire iu Luuatic Asylum at Dor en, Now Haiupsh ire, burnt to death forty-four in Hiatus. . . Ulster Unionists raising funds for an other political contest. Dissolution of Parliament expected at aiiy imuuen' ; British' exports of iron -to Australia-last month showed a falling off to the exte t of £97,000- Many amendments, hlo< -king adoption of Adbres's-in-Keply, have been disposed ot in Hoiise o; Commons. British depositors in Federal Bi-B-- to extent- of a quarter million sterling favour voluntary winding up. Police Court News. — At the Latrobo Police Court this morning hefc-re the Po lice Magistrate aud 'L. S Thomas Isd. J.P. George Connolly was fined 10s or ihree days for disturbing the pe.-ice yesterday aud fighting in a pnblic place. 