W —————— ; 'i j jT'.tlv:-' >K'f "fj ' ' ( >; " > 1 Argus1 umiriai of the Week. Maize crops in New South- Wales; and Queensland are well forward, apd ar.d,verjf promising generally fpr heavy: returns,; . . . , j The contracts for mails, /.which begin: with the new -year, totals .£21, 75b as ahainst; £24,358, the contract, price ;fpr tliei_. old Service which terminates \yifli 1893. The death of Sir Andrew Clark, the eminent physician, ijangounced.; . .-j jj£ Grlasson is to be executed in Bathurst on. the 29th inst. Glassori received the an-' nouncement of his fate calmly. ' ' ; Sir is now running a boot shop in Melbourne. , ,, ... An 80-year-old man in a benevolent asylum has a daughter at- Newtown with a weekly, income of- about £19. He gave gave her half his money when she got married. Mr. Cook, leader of- the labor party, r; is. 33, self-educated and a- skilled- shorthand- writer. , tij.il l> The King of Dahomey promises to abolish human -sacrifice and. stop slave j raids!-,. .. p» c. At a rdcent . meeting .of thViEdlmain Council the .services of the police., had to be called in. ! Vo Bayley, the discoverer .of i Coolgard.te; goldfijeld,;Ahetts ; jEOOQ ; a; month; 'Ijrpjh,? thq Reward claim. He i s' not 30 years r old. . The forfeits of the £40 election, deposits, (now abolished) amounted "in 12 years tri £2400.. i; It is Said'fliqt 'Mr.Vant got 100 guinea's " for defending- Glassoh.' - - - - iS The Orange .Leader- cabs the;, ibbsj testimonial! lie .'IDibb&'Rieiiaf Ennclj'f'iiUCt P1 A Chinaman named All Duck icopiiiiitted; ' suicide at South Forbes -on- -Tuesday week by | vtaking" pqisoul Before r,hen .died) he- confessed ..fliateit Avas'1 -lie-i-ww UniiVderalt the youth Frteigk' -Reigley--: pa ;.thg: previous Sunday night.. Chang, the fatuous Chinese r. gaintj ! is dead. » - 1 -J — David Langdon,; aged -10- yearsr a!cci-' dentally shot ,his: i brother !: A Jbervia'ged' I 3 years, dead at Murchison (Victoria) on I % Saturday, tlirough pointing a gun -af diinii I e in fun, in .whieh: wjis. an; old cartridge I which Mr. Langdori had tried to fire off I several times without success. .The boy , I no spoiler palled the trigger tlianflieiiiQ I wenti,6ffj' 8hb6tihg)iis brher in tl)e;throat ; and causing instant, death.- . I Rev.,T. Richardson,: of Btjllii, speKipg I on the subject of the " Cup Day," said that I wherever thoroughbred horses wer;e found I . there were tlioroiighbred scoiindrels. I - Water , has been adniitted into, the; Man- : f chester Ship -Canai, and steamers arc to b,e I allowed to enter on the 1st 'proximo. . f I The.: glut in. the British ... frozen meat I market has subsided And "the .winter's';' de: I mand'is expected to' be un'equialleri. | I Houses valued at £500,000 . were set. I alight arid burned by the explosion of, I dynamite at Santanda, Spain." ; . I The R.M.S. Britannia, which. sailed from' I Adelaide for London On Wednesday had I nearly. £50,0.00 w.orth. of .butter.- on board. I The exports of spirits fromiGreat Britain.: I to Australasia during October rwere; 120,090 I gallons less than in the same month last I year.- — I The Spanish troops at Melillu, Morocco, I are making unsuccessful daily sorties I against the Moors. The.y are' to be rein-; I forced. _ ; \ \ U Sir Henry Parkes presided over alneei- r ing held under the auspices of the Woman- I hood Suffrage League. ph» Wednesday I night, when motions '.were carried itQfavor I of extending the franchise to woruph on I the same terms as those which apply to I men. Sir Henry Parkes congratulated the I league, on the fact. . that. its..cause was ; on I the eve uf coining into fthe field of prac- I ticab politicise r I At the Bulli Police Court, John Barnes I Nicholson, M.L.A., was committed for I trial, charged with criminal libel on John I Wynn, J.P. The case arose from a con- I troversy on the voting :by MK 'Nicholson I . on ' land tax motions last i'essionl j'tn.'a.! I sighed, letter to the Illawarra Mercury the' I defendant- spoke of the complainant's; I' " shuffling quailities," stated it' was difficult' I to say whether the complainant was more I knave or fool, but that he was an un- I blushing liar went without raying. I With the assistance of the Independent I Democrats iirthe United States, the Repjuby I licansjiave achieved remarkable successes- I in the. State'- elections. Major McKinley I has been elected Governor of Ohio. I Rain has been general throughout the. I colony, except in the extreme north-east. | The prevailing distress at- Greta is said . I to be beyond description. ; J I "A violent tornado swept jtbe- outsbiriBj I of the town of Young on Wednesday I afternoon, carrying away roofs, uprooting I trees, and blowing down telegraph poles. I Being appalled at the " hideous sights I which met their gaze at the bottoin 6f the I harbour, the divers employed at Sautander, I in Spain, in the work of recovering the I corpses of the victims of the recent I dynamite explosion, have refused to carry I out their task. I This season's wool-clip is much the I largest which has ever reached Sydney. I A disease is appearing among -the I potato crops at Windsor, and ihany acres I have been ploughed up in consequence. I Sir Henry Parkes was recently offered I the political editorship of one of the daily I papers. He refused the offer. I Real estate is improving in value in I . Sydney. A piece of comparatively vacant. I land having frontages to Elizabeth and I Castlereagh streets, producing £350 per. I annum was sold o.ii-W eanesday f or £20,0QQv; I Two bombs were thrown by anarchists I in a theatre at Barcelona, Spain, on Tues- I day night. One exploded, killing 30 I persons. In- a panic hich - ensued '-'a I number of persons were crushed to death. I Many arrests have been thade; - The bonibs I were thrown from thegallery into the stalls. I It is stated that of the" 141;'iueinb'efs c of; I the Legislative Assembly no4ess thaii" 50" 1 have, up to the present, pledged themselves to vote for a measure restricting the infiux B of aliens into the colony. B A correspondent of the Manning Times says that there is " some tiling", going. B about the middle.of Oxley Islandiat night knocking at windows. The "ghost" "is B advised to be careful, for should " it " be B caught the- consequences; to " it "r will - not ( B be pleasant. O-l I B. A social to Mr. G. F. Schwinghammef, B who is about to be transferred from Graf- B - ton to lake charee ol: I lii-. pjtSl. .foUm'c-af B Maeksville, will be held ou the 24lli inst. 