Wright fur tho Aependale Faik racoa aro duo to-morruw. It i« jut worth chronicling. No race-rawt- iog of any kind regiatvrrd or UDrrgwitrad on (O-day. - All tha aporta have gono to (ha dog. The July number or mih "V.IlU. itacmg CaWndar t to band, aud onntaloa (be fol lowing important notice:— "Notice te here by fliven (hat any jockey, trainer or book maker licensed ur regiaterod by the Victoria Racing 01ub,ezerdnng ble calilcg at br fa'coa- nrction With, or being in anywUo intereetcd In tha raeing or tbe rnnoingof any boraflatany race tneeuag bold contrary to tba tulea of the Victoria Raeing Club, thereby rtndera him- rU liable to hava 'hU Uceaw or rrgutratlon forthwith revoked. The Sherwood Park Proprietary have de cided to pootpona their meeting for an indefi ' mte period. This it to allow of tba Combined (Ah/in nee meeting to be bold to-morrow YAflffg tba benefit. Judging from «bq tpMus received this will prove the moat snccroaful meiingever li-id on anv course undvrthe auspice of the Victorian I'ony and Galloway Aaaociation. The gathering will bo held on the Fitzrny track, which ia a perfect as a track ooold well be for racing or tmciicg. Although tbe aliments were against a large nttiodance at tlie Fitzroy racr, owing to tho cold wind blowing, tho proprietor had littlo to complain of on the score of patronago The tuual mixed programme wa run through. In the third event for 13.1 pome the running of thoae behind tho winner, Banshre, was of such a suspicion nature that tin race was d»clr#<l mill and all bete off. It is perhaps a trifle high N«nd«-d to deal out auch nummary action, but i. evidently has tlieopitrvd effect of checking tho plan of »rm individual whoso presence on a racecourse are not conducive to its wel fare. The Titno Handicap Trot at Fitzrny was reduced to almoit a proepo-ion,' owing to tea very improved form displayed by Sutetman. Mr M Lean, who rede <cond on Badger, pro tested avainat th- winner receiving thu stake, on the grounds thatllM winnprV cor rect performance had not been given. However the protestor was unable to prove to the con trary, and tho matter dropped. Sinn: hor-cs especially thoso pos«eed of that peculiar gait— trotting— change ih»ir form in a most marvellous degree, end thu wonder li that a haudicApuer ever lucceedi iu making a rac. Mr it. II. Frew, oiro of our leading ainst- ur riders, baa been retained by the M»er Mill" Brother to ridn Sir Wilfred iu thu Grand National Steeplechase. The weights for tho combined raco meeting nnder tbo auspices and minagvmvnt of the Victoria l'cny and Galloway Association, to be ran at the Fitzroy racecourse to-morrow (Friday), appear in uur sporting columns. A very good entry has tx-«n received. A sjh-c'sI attraction tvill bo the appearance in tho trutof Sir Robbings famuus pacer, Mvstery. Tlie course is easily r-cl>ed by trams along Bnurke and Collius streets, or by cab from the Royal Mail corner. The first race will start at 2 o'clock. The programme for tho Fitzroy races, to he held on Monday next, is published in to-day' issue, entries for which clo«o at the cflic. the lln.it Club Livery Stables, Little Collius street, to-morrow evening. From 'Auckland comet tho news that The Dancor, who cam« over to Victoria and after ward raced in Sydney, has been turned out lorasneli, Sl ftipnn is still giving Wright, Iiij trainer, no end of anxiety tut to bother the colt wiil stand a preparation. Thomas Robinson, a bookmaker known as "Murrumhidgee," brought his action against the stewards and secretary of Urn Town and Suburban Racing Club at tho Supreme Court, Napier, on 5th July, writes " Mazen- iia" in the "Otaqo Witness," claiming 1>500 for falsn imprisonment. FlaintifT was laying totnluator odds on tlie curse, when he was ordered to Lavn. Iln- refused to do so. and ultimatuty hn was given into custody and locked un nt the Taradalu police station. In about two hour he was ordered to bo re leased by a juriice. who wjieaDo president of tbe racing club. No charg was formulated against him. The ChLf Justice ruled that when plaintiff refused to loavcjie becttno a trespasser, and tbe steward had a right to give liim into custoJy if that was the only way of getting liim off tho course, A a matter of propriety it would have been l»-tt«r if tb- policeman b.td simply removed him from the course, end not locked him up unless he return.! ; but. as a matter of taw, tbe jnlico were quite justified in lucking him up. Judgm-nt was given for defendants, with costs. This decision issama- what important, as shewing now ur etnwarus may go in ejecting tresj»ass»-rs ; hut I am given to understand that the bookmaker ae a body never thought thu nun uad a ghost of a chancu of guttiug judgment. 