Hours With Great Men AND THEIE WOEKS. LEWIS MOEEIS AND TEE EPIC OF HADES. 'The Epic of Hades' is a poem of our own tim6B, addressed by its author to all who love the beautiful and fanciful literature of Greece. The writer of the work, Mr. Lewis Morris, was born at Carmarthen, in Wales, and was the eldest son of the late Mr. L. E. Williams Mprrifi, of Carmarthen. He was educated at Cowbridge and Sherborne schools, and at Jesus College, Oxford, where be j graduated m 1855 as first- class in classics. In , 1858 he was chancellor's prizeman. lie wai called to the bar in 1861, and thence to 1880 he prac tised chiefly as conveyancing counsel. It is not as a barrister, but as a poet that he is best known to lovers of literature. In the years 1671. 1874, and 1875 he published three volumes of lyrics, entitled 'Songs of Two Worlds.' The Epic of Hades is his greatest work. He tells us that In February, when the dawn was slow, And winds lay still, I gated upon the fields Which stretched before me, lifeless, and the stream Which labored in the distance to the sea, SuUen and cold. No force of fancy took My thoueht to bloomy June, when all the land Lay deep in crested grass and through the dew The landrail brushed, and the lush banks were set With strawberries, and the hot noise of bees Lulled the bright flowers. Rather I seemed to move Through that weird land, Hellenic fancy feigned Beyond the fabled river and the barque Of Charon ; and forthwith on every side Hose the thin throng of ghosts. It was natural that the land inhabited by this throng of shadows should be described, and ac cordingly our poet says — First through the gloom Of a dark grove I strayed — a sluggish wood, Where scarce the faint fires of the setting stars. Or some cold gleam of half-discovered dawn Might pierce the darkling pines. A twilight drear Brooded o'er all the depths, and filled the dank And sunken hollows of the rooks with shapes Of terror— beckoning hands and. noiseless feet. Flitting from shade to shade, wide eyes that stared With horror, and dumb mouths which seemed to cry, Yet cried not. An ineffable despair Hung over them and that dark world, and took The gazer captive. They seemea aione Those prisoners, through all time. Each soul ehu fast In its own jail of woe, apart, alone, Fer evermore alone ; no thought of kin, Or kindly human glance, or fellowship Of suffering or of sin, made light the load ' Of solitary pain. Ay, though they walked Together or were prisoned in one cell With the partners of their wrong, or with strange souls, Which the same furies tore, they knew them not, But Buffered still alone. In accordance with the Greek mythology, our poet in his clairvoyant vision saw Full many a dreadful shape of lonely pain, Each phase of woe, Suffering, and torture which the gloomy thought Of bigots feign for others — all were there. One there was stretched upon a rolling wheel, Which was the barren round of senso, that still Returned upon itself and broke the Umbs Bound to it day and night. Others I saw Doomed with unceasing toil, to fill the urns Whose precious waters sank ere they could slake Their burning thirst. Another shapelesa soul, Full of revolts and hates and tyrannous force, The weight of earth, which was its earth-born taint, Pressed groaning down, while with fierce beak and claw The vulture of remorse, piercing his breast, Preyed on his heart. For others, overhead, Great crags of rock impending seemed to fall, But fell not nor brought peace. 1 Feeling his soul blunted with these horrors he yearned to escape to where upon the limits of the wood some scanty twilight grew, and so he passed into Hades. Here A faint twilight veiled The leafless shadowy trees and herbless plains ; There stirred no breadth of air to wake to life The slumbers of the world. The sk- above Was one grey changeless cloud. There looked no eye Of life from the veiled heavens; but sleep and death. Were round me everywhere. The poet was not afraid at beholding the airy nothings of Greek fancy, though the ghosts which rose from every darkling copse ehowod thin and nale — thinner and Daler than those he left in agony. The first personage he mot was Marayas, the renowned dautist of Grecian folk-lore, of whom a lively poetic description is given. Marsyas relates how he came to be possessed of his magic flute. He says : Once among the Phrygian, bills I lay a-musing — while the silly sheep Wandered among the thyme — upon the bank Of a cleat mountain stream, beneath the pines Safe hidden from the'inoon'. A dreamy haze - Played on the uplands, but the hills were clear In sunlight, and no cloud was on the sky. It was the time when a deep silence comes Upon the summer earth, and all the birds Have ceased from singing, and the world is still As midnight, and if any live thing move Some fur-clad creature, or cool-gliding snake-'- Within the pipy overgrowth of weeds, The ear can catch tae rustle, and the trees And earth and air are listening. As I lay, Faintly, as in a dream, I seemed to hear A tender music, like the JEolian chords, Sound low within the woodland, whence the stream Flowed full, yet 6ileiit. Long, with ear to ground, I hearkened; and the sweet strain, fuller growa, Bounder and clearer came, and danced along In mirthful measures now, and now grown grave In dying falls, and sweeter and more clear, Tripping at nuptials and high revelry, Wailing at burials, rapt in soaring thoughts, Cnanting strange sea tales full of mystery, Touching all chorda of being, and life and death, Now rose, now sank, and always was divine. So strange the music came. Marsyas lay enraptured listening to the music, when suddenly a discord rang and the sound grew still. The musician evidently did not understand harmony, for otherwise the strain would not have end*! with a discord, but rather with the chord of the tonic. There was, however, a flash of light as from a, sunlit newel, and a noise of water smitten, whilst on the hills a fair white fleece of cloud swiftly climbed into the farthest heaven. Marsyas knew that a goddess had been playing, aad as he saw a sudden splendor float upon the stream he made a snatch at it aa it was borne along by .an eddy, and having seized it foucd it to be a jewelled flute, which he imme diately applies to Ms lips, and behold— 'VJTith the first breath — The first warm human breath, the silent strains, The half drowned notes which late the goddess blew, Revired, and sounded clearer, sweeter far Than mortal skill could make. Marsyasswas so enraptured with his new flute that he neglected his eheep, lived for his art and nought else, and finally became so bold and con ceited that'he challenged Apollo, the god of song. The challenge was accepted. 'Twas a fair day When sudden, on the mountain side, I saw A train of fleecy clouds in a white band Descending. Down the gleaming pinnacles And difficult crags they floated, and the arch, Drawn with its thousand rays against the sun, Hung like a glory o'er them. 'Midst the pines They clothed themselves with form, and straight I knew The immortals. Young Apollo with his lyre, Kissed by the sun, and all the muses clad In robes cf gleaming white; then -a great fear, Yet mired with joy, assailed me, for I -knew Myself a mortal equall'd with the gods. He haB very many doubts respecting the issue of the contest, as well he might have, for he was only a mortal and his opponent was a god, and hence the contest was very unequal. He played, however, and the muses fairly approved of his performance. He says: For all the strains I blew were strains of lore — Love striving, love, triumphant, love that lies . Within beloved arms, and wreaths his locks With flowers, and lets the world go by and sings Unheeding; and I saw a kindly gleam Within the moses, who were indeed Women 'though god-like. But upon the face Of the young Sun-gori only haughty scorn Sate, and he swiftly struck his golden lyre And played the scng of life ; and lo I ksew My strain how earthy. . Oh to hear the young Apollo playing ! Anil the hidden cells And chambers of the universe displayed Before the charmed sound ! X seemed to float In some enchanted cave, where the wave dipa In from the sunlit sea, and flood* its deptxw With reflex viem of haavea. t He thought no more of victory, but the muses having some doubt as to whether his playing was not better than Apollo's— Upon, the 'Sun-god's face There passed a cold prond smile. He swept his lyre Once more, then laid it down, and with clear voice The voice of godhead sang. Oh! ecstasy, Oh happiness of him who once has heard Apollo singing ! For his .ears the Bound Of grosser music dies, and all the earth Is full of subtle undertones, which change The listener and transform him. Ar be sang — Of what I know not, but the musio touched Each chord of being — I felt my secret life Stand open- to it, as the parched earth rawns To drink the summer rain ; and at the call .Of those refreshing waters, all my thought Stir from its dark and secret depths, and burst Into sweet odorous flowers, and from their wells Deep call to deep, and all the mystery Of all that is laid open. As he sang, I saw the nine with lovely pitying eyes Sign ' he has conquered.' Yet I felt no pang Of fear, only deep joy that I had heard Such musio while I lived, even though it brought Torture and death. And so it did, for Apollo to punish M-areyas for presuming to compete with a god, bound the poor defeated musician to a pine tree, and then with cruel stripes flayed him alive and killed him Of course Marsyas entered Hades, where Mr. Lewis Morris, during his recent visit to that shady region, saw him, not objectively, but in his mind's eye. The extracts we have taken from that section of the epic that is devoted to the exploits of Marsyas are only fair average samples of Mr. Morris's style, and not superior to other passages which might be quoted from almost any part of the work. The style throughout is dignified, chaste, and spirited. Here is a beautiful and truly poetic description of Olympus, the residence of the gods. A springtide land It seemed, where east winds came not. 'Sweetest Bong Was everywhere, by glade or sunny plain ; And through the golden valleys winding streams Rippled in glancing silver, and above The blue hills rose, and over all a peak, White, awful, with a constant fleece of cloud Veiling its summit towered. Unfailing day Lighted it, for no turn of dawn and eve Came there, nor changing seasons, but a broad Fixed joy of being, undisturbed by time. There in a happy glade shut in by groves Of laurel and sweet myrtle, on a green And flower-lit lawn I seemed to see the ghosts Of the old gods. Upon the gentle slope Of a fair hill, a joyous company, The immortals lay. A murmurous stream Fell through the flowers ; below them space on space, Laughed the immeasurable plains ; beyond, The mystic mountain soared. Height after height Of bare rock ledges left the climbing pines, And reared their giddy shining terraces Into the ethereal air. Above the snow Of the white summit cleft the fleece of cloud Which always clothed it round. In that fair land of dreams and sunshine, of fleecv clouds and snow, and of coarse above the snow and clouds dwelt Artemis, Heracles, Aphro dite, Athene, Here, Apollo, and other gods and goddesses, along with Zeus, prime ruler of gods, men, and all other things. All these, as well as all the unfortunates, our poet met in Hades are described by him with a dignified pathos and simplicity which have won for him a high niche in the temple of fame. The Greek fables shadowed forth the frailties, passions, and pro clivities of our common human nature. Mr Morris set' this idea forth in the concluding page of his poem — ___, Nay evermore All things and thoughts, both new and old, were writ Upon the unchanging human heart and soul. Has passion still no prisoners ? And further on be says — The weary woman, Sunk deep in ease and sated with her life, Much loved, and yet unloving, pines to-day As Helen ; still the poet strives and sings, And hears Apollo's music, and grows dumb, And suffers, yet is happy ; still the young Fond dreamer seeks Ms high ideal of love, And finds her name is Death ; still doth the fair And innocent life, bound naked to the rock, Redeem the race ; still the gay tempter goes And leaves his victims, stone ; still doth pain bind Men's souls in closer links of lovingness, Than death itself can sever ; still the sight Of too great beauty blinds us, and we lose The sense of earthly splendor. The human world is now much the same sort of world it was in the days of the Greeks. The human race was then young, and it is still in the same condition. In the words of our poet— For while a yonth is lost in soaring thought, And while a maid grows sweet and beautiful, And while a spring-tide coming lights the earth, And while a child, and while a flower is born, And while one wrong cries for redress and finds A soul to answer, still the world is young. It is supposed br many that Mr. Morris will be appointed to fill the post rendered vacant by the lamented death of the illustrious Tennyson. Should such an appointment be made the new Laureate will not disgrace the traditions of the laure&tesbip.; We are reminded by Mrs. Sheridan Moore that in our remarks on Henry Kendall and his poems we omitted to state that it was her late husband, Mr. Sheridan Moore, who instructed Kendall in classics, brought him out, introduced him to Michael and Stenhouse, and edited the first volume of his poems. 