I A SOLDIER'S SECRET, ? _ ? + ? I By Cam. C ! 1 A RLI-. K i -G , U S.A . CHAPTEP XI. (Contii.up.1). xsea isterrett oouia stand it no lowwf. fl^aiors the?e -wera none to wnd— tfc«y fr^fe all -frer the range, at the canton OWnior beyondi civilians were there in Jiw&ty;, downs of refugees from the ranches, dozens of railroad men and train' hands, one or two diBgusted corre epondenta who had got the 'tip' aa to impending movements all too late io ? J. pervading frateraity.bnt vrho were quick H to realize the 'scoop' they would have ? in transmitting to their respective jonr ? nale full and picturesque details of th« ? ' --Dakota bUnard. It is an 111 wind that ? blows nobody good. j ? Even though every one (old him he ? tote daylight, Sterrett had a little party H M stalwart frontiersmen duly equipped I §? midnight and ready to start the to ? SmA the gale ehonld show signs of oiod ? ejfcilng. Hour after hour It shrieked ? and howled, driving the sheets of enow ? before it, sweeping the frozen prairie ? dean aa a floor, but whirling dense white ^^L filar. fin infm AWflr^ cnaU/»-n^ n-,1.1. ~_.~ ^fc^. ravine, setting the drifts in lie lee of ^?^ef-ery stack -md shed and building at the ^m flftflway station whore, 'dead-' and abau ?^ froed, lay the engine of the eaetbound ^F' train, the passengers huddling for H warmth into a siagle oar and cheerfully ? ffiactifising the propriety of nsing the H» other for firewood. ^m Jbifl then , before the first faint glimmer ? pf dawn, as though epent with its own vi$ ? teaoe, the gale began to die. Ithe clouds H sxmddmg southeastward drew aside, un ? curtaining the placid heavens, where h vw i9 LUB wttrummuy gleaming and toGR ? twinkling ont of sight. Soon In a blace ? ' bt glory and triumpn the eun roae slowly ? over the far distast Muffls and looked I down upon the ecene of wrath and deao ? lation wrought by rode Boreas in the ? oonqucrer'a abaenoe; and just then, too, ? there hove In sight a battered littie squad ? - of troopers oa epent and jaded steeds, I andti.e sergeant in oommand rode breast ? deep into the drift at the south entranoe ? of Siervett's office and yelled over the in ? t*n-i-:an£ shield of snow the stunning I question: I -Did the ladies get back Ol right? We ? Ijf't find the ambulance anywhere along I.; f?woif.' __ ? H Before quitting the am bulauce ana »re li; precious freight Ellis h;ul marie such ex- '! ? ? aniinutiou of the ntigiiborhcod as was ? ; ossible in the thick darkness, and dis ? . ^vered that they were close to the edge i ? ' a narrow, winding ravine with ab- I ? )tly sloping banks, and it was in here : ? it those sagacious mules had sought ; ? £ welter from the force of the blast.. The ? auibnlance was standing on a veritabla | ridge, exposed to the full fury of the f'aie, tlio slojic to the rapid running Vo)f just in front, the ravine to the ; By- light rear. Shouting to the ladies to : B.-: fear nutking, ho had no difficulty, when ? '?-?? aided by tie driver, in starting the I wheele, and the instant the vehicle was ? I,.. - partially turned into the track of the I . itorm it was blown backward down into I ' - tjie soft bed of snow, already thick aad ; ?' *- fioeji. Here, under the lee of the banks, I ~: .-?? rate Mo i:l waj,-on was comparatively shel ly tered, few the top of the cauvas cover I Was jast a trifle below the general level Iv. ftf the tirairie. The mules, startled froia I heir fancied security by the rattle of I -wheels and canvas as the ambulance r »a» r«n down the Blojie into their midst, I seized with one of their unaccountable I janics tore blindly away up the farther I tank and out npon the storm swept leYel beyond. Then in tie whirling cloud of enow Ellis haa remotintea, Shouted again a 1 few encowSsging words to the ladie? Mthin, assuring them he and hte stur&V; ^roop horse would have no difficulty in reaching camp and bringing aid, urging ? hem meantime to keep snugly {randled ^ n their robes, and with Mre. B«^rien^ -rave voice and cheery 'God speed yon, ; ergeant!' ringing in hia ears, he rode % fallantly away, forded the shallow J tream at the mouth of the -fonlee and ' hen, facing the gale, spurred forth upon tis perilous mission. The driver and he already somnolent Pete, with what fas left of the contents of the depleted task, crawled into the cnowbed, beneath he wagon body, rolled themselves into , fcefr joint stook of robes and blankets '- »uci prepared to spend a comfortable light It was an old story to both. But. despite all. the driver's efforts on tlie way, the gale had forced them far Uo the right of the main roud and those fcriiich paralleled it, the only ones at all familiar to the Twelfth, and when Rrewsterand bis little squad reached the ford, along toward two o'clock in the jborning, they Bought in vain in ovtry favine and break— shouted, fired thoir parbihes and sounded their trumpet, ail ?Mg^oso purpose. Not an answering cry B^B^Hterded their efforts. From Kliis' -lc- B^B^BHwaBrew£t€r knew that the ladies B^B^B^B^BjjdSedin furs that v.ithin thfcii B^B^B^B^BBf«r they could Lavdly eall'cr B^B^B^B^B^BLtfie cold. He \ijpa assured B^B^B^B^B^BB^nd Pete were with them, B^B^B^B^B^P^Bked with robes and blank ^^^^^^^^^^^^W were in no immediate ^^^^^^^?g; but he could not B^B^B^B^B^BIBKof the long, weary B^B^B^B^B^B^B^BS anxxety, the dttrk B^B^B^B^B^BH^n' iu all timt howling j B^B^B^B^BHRe could picture Winifred j B^B^B^B^BH^er mother^ arms, wonder- ] «-- ttuo tus party uaa seai'ctiea ana soonted for half & dozen miles up and down the valley. Some of his beet and etanohest men were giving out, and tiiese, with Sergeant 'Brooke, he ordewa to push along with the gale and seek news and shelter at the station. Three others he posted near the main passing of the Wolf, under the lee of a little bluff, where they and their horeee speedily stamped a hole in the snow drifta around the hospital ainbulanoe and huddled for warmth— fires they could not light, even had there been a vestige of fuel— and then, with three un daunted campaigners at his back, he had once again turned down stream, fol lowing its wanderings in the darknoaa and feeling for ravines he could not see along the southern bank. Time and again they dismounted and ran beside their horses to restore circulation to the numbed and stiffened feel and fingers. Ttme and again they plunged waist deep into drifts and the horses flonnder dd to their girths In the powdery enow, At last Breweter noted that here and there far in the northwestern skies the Btare were beginning to peep; the clouds were driving away, the dawn was nigh, the hurrioano abating. Broader and brighter the daylight stole over the etoroi swept prairie, streaked here and J thero with fleecy, winding veins, and I when at last the sun arose in ita un- ? olouded splendor the gale bad died away to a mere ghost of its furious self, ana they rubbed the ioy fringe from their battered eyelids and g&wsd; long and ? wistfully np and down that shallow, i . winding valley, all heaped and tumbled | with the driven snow, and saw not a eign of those whom they had ruehed to save. Never for an instant did Brewster re la x his efforts. Giving eaoh of his men a pull at the fiaak, he selected little Murphy as about the most compact and certainly the lightest of the trio, &n;$ bade him make hie way to camp and tell the colonel that up to sunrise no veBtlge of the lost onee had been fpuaA, and suggest that additional parties be sent out at once. I 'Tell somebody to bring my field glass,' he added, as Murphy was' about to ride away. 'If 1 had dreamed we ; would havs found nothing of the ambu j lauce nniil this time, 1 never should ! have left It. Good luck to you now, corporal. Ride as lively as you can.' ; Murphy turned promptly away, spur i red his unwilling kor;;e through the ice [ into the black and racing waters of the | Wolf and was presently following a ljt ! tie break in 1he north side which led by ! a more gradual ascent to the prairie be : yond. 'Jvow, men, cue of you ride back to ward the party at the ford, poke into every ravine to your left— they're all full pf suow; it may bo the ambulance is so fiec-p in the drift thc-y conl-d hear no Konud. If you find anything, the faint est trace, ride up on the prairie and cirolo your horse to the left. Morse, you coin? with mo.' ''Ben pardon, lieutaiant, 1 think Mur- ' phy bog's Eometbing now,' said Morea ; indicating the farther nboio with a ucd of his i'nr covered head. Whirling eag erly about, Brewster was surprised to sea ! his little Irishman, a hundred yards or eo away, crouching low on his' horse's j back, btill in tlie raviuo and up to his ; ginli in enow, and peering cautiously i eastward, his eyes just level with the i bank. Then he was plainly seen to sig nal, in an instant Brewster and bis men were plunging into the rapid stream, crushing the ice that skirted the ehores and bounding out upon the frozen ground beyond. Again Murphy held forth a hand — a warnbjg gesture, not a a beckoning ono. ' 'Steep down, keep town, ' he signaled, and won£#riag, ih- mtle party of troopers cautiously fol lowed Into the ravine. 'What do you see?1 queried Brewster, eager and agitated. 'Upon my sool, but. I wish I knew: but it's more like Indians than anything loan think of.' 'Indians? where away?' And with a j ( wild fear at heart firewster gaaed over ' \ the bank in the direction indicated. I j 'Indians, andooming this way, sir, or i ! Tm a tenderfoot,' muttered Morse, a ' man who had served in the Twelfth for | many a year. ' : 'What on earth can they be doing » j far south qf the agency? You don't think any of the hosntes have got dovro ttiis way?' 'They're all hostUas, sir, when thereV only three or four ag'in tjiem. It doa* matter whether these are from the agency or the Bad Landia now, if they can catch a white man a-napping, end something has brought them tfnt here.'1 'My God, maRt yoq 4o^'i suppose they've hoard of tho ambul&nper;' us in getting newB.' ?'That means u they at^ frpmfts^K. lages near the agency fiieyVe dedsm around our neoDie.'1 Breanuess tneilttle party watched the coming dote, The streak bQre to ita aorthe&Bt; after a 4»ep ben^ a\\-onl b^l a mile away, and on vbs f artHer bank, moving nearly parallel with fhe valley, about a dozea dark objects could be se&i; moving at rapid tope,-the springing, tire less gait of the Indian pony. Ponies tb*y were unquL'aiiouatily, una each with hip ' rider. 'Every moment, brought them ae^?er and nearer, until, as ihoy' spread j 10J*1 o^teaded. «rder m^m^ WtM'. every now and flien some one of ffie number in fi-ont or on the flanks would rein in suddenly and circle around and stop, as though examining tracks upon the prairie. 'It is not possible the ambulance can have got so far over as that,' muttered Brewster. 'It is not possible that they can have heard of it in all that fearful storm. Why, Morse, it's madness to think of itl' '1 don't know how far the team may have been driven out that way, sir, but the blizzard came from the northwest, from their loft front; it beat across their path all the way and mules won't face it, and if it isn't the ambulance they're after, what can it be?'' 'My God, if we ouly knew where It was!' groaned Brewster. 'Oome what may, men, we've got to stand 'twixt it and those Bcouudrels. Here, Murphy, lively now, slip back down into the val ley and ride for all you're worth to the ford and bring those fellows back with you, tvery man of them. Tell them to keop under the bunk and ride like hell. Off with you, now,' And this time there was no recall; Murphy waa out of sighi iu a flash. Xearer and nearer rode the savage horsemen, uov* about a mile away. Already Morse Und his silenf; comrade had Bwung thoif carbines out of their leathern buckets, thrust a cartridge in : ihu chamber and loosened others in the woven thimbles. Brewstor never for an instant quit his gaze, hut his hand had stolen back and loosed tho flap of the holster at his hip. The movements of the Indians bad puzzled him; they were riding not as though moving on some point already determined, but ratUer as if searching, feeling their way. Every now and then, tpo, some of their num ber cantered to the edge of thebftiik and seemed to isorutinize the valley. j 'Snowdrifts are too depp and plenji- | fa! in there, around that bend, sir. j That's why they're up on the prairie.' ; firewater's heart seemed almost to ' stand still. All on a sudden the leaders swerved; the blanketed riders could be seen bending low and over as they Bwung their nimble steeds in oirole to the right. And then, then, an iastaaJ more, and, tossing the powdery snow a9 in a Heecy white cloud, there came tear ing up out of the depths of some unseen coulee a lively herd of Indian ponies re joicing in their unwonted freedom and determined not to be herded back to slavery withont a struggle. It was hard to reprees the shout of joy that sprang to the soldiers' lips. Then it wasn't the ambulance after all; noth ing but this i voliosoine band of rascals that, after breaking away from the In dian boys the evening before, had doubt less been driven before the gale, de manding the sending forth of quite a party of the young tntu in search, even before the storm had fully abated. For a moment the troopers forgot their mis sion as they watched the chase. Fre6« and unhampered by weight of any kind the scurrying band came sweeping along the edge of the distant bluff, following un active, mischievous leader aud leav ing their jaded pm-fcuers far behind. The Indian knows too much to chase a run ning horse; lie leaves him to his own de vices, well knowing he will more quick ly fltop when unpursued and can then more readily be headed off and turned baok to the ways he should go. Op came the nimble herd full tilt toward the elbow in the' shallow valley, where a broad white streak told of deep drifted snow, and there the leader veered to the left and south and would doubtless have stretched away at racing speed on that course but for one young warrior on a dun colored pony, who with the speed of the wind came darting out aoross the level surface beyond, gamely, skillfully heading him. Around went the leader once more in a wide circle westward, around the southernmost edge of iho fleecy drift, and then, with thundering hoofs, the whole troop went bounding away to the west without a lfving aod to interpose between them and the bald, rolling heights at the far horizon, miles and miles away. 'Go it, ponyl I'm glad to see a jr$&- skindone foroncei' was Morse's Jubt lant ehout. And then, suddenly and sharp, 'Good CteSi What's thaty lieu tenant? Lookl' Not six hundred yards away, noWj thfl little band of posies, following &eu; spirited leader, had suddenly haltea jjt tee rerr edge of some dip ot fiwkui me prairie that lay to the southeast of ilie snowy rift In which the troopeni wer j crouching, still hidden, they anxl trott horses, from the sharp eyes of ihe coal ing incuans. xnen as suddenly, toaetng high their scraggy niaues, IS ftwoga with one accord, the nijnbje brnfos wljirled to the sputji, their leader in wCufflntf til A flyiA Nourish oi noeiB &s; lio glistening wMte of tae snpw, two ob jeots that oasis plunging uj trom, the invisible deptps of tb^e hoflpw, strag gling breast deep in the qnfaa, and at fast reached fee edge of the prairie, and, followed tortantiy by ano&er; couple, with their long fan erect, with dut stretched neok and eager brayings, clat tered away in pursuit of the herd, Bjftwster fcaew them at a glance— Ster- rottfs Ambulance mules.. Indeed, rate proven pole was still dangling between tb.6 two in rear and bounding with them OFertaisjErozottftttf. And that «werve,fiiat sudden halt and torn te the nrnffef}^ , M4*oi*^he ^t-and j fiow, eweeplnf atonna u- ^ ww»«jroip | iohlB right, fode between them and aie : brona wastes to the west. Two other Ifa j diane were olrcling in their front, bar I ring the way to the low bills to tlie j south. Others still, straggliijg far out eastward, reined up so bs not to inter fere with the 'rontidinir' of the heH. Jind in a moment or two more the*. three experts had turned their runaway property in wide sweep back into the shining track of the bub, and in a very few minutes the matter was settled; the ponies were sulkily trotting along the ; bauk beyond the bend, headed for home j and hard work again, with the ambu lance moles braying at their heels. Here the younger Indians, the boys, took j charge, and from the distant slopes, { from south and east and from the prai rie to the west, the others came canter- j ing toward that sharp angle half a mile sway and gathered in eager consults- ' tioa about one who eeemed to be their leader. ! All this, and much more, Brewstox \ I and his men were watching with bound 1 ing pulses, in breathless excitement, ; | Brewster with feelings of mingled hope and despair. Now he knew that the , ambulance must be somewhere near at : hand, possibly up that long ravine on the south side that slanted in from the prairie not a hundred yards away below ;: them. Surely the banks looked as though i there were a good ford at that point, i Might not that be the very one of which Ellis spoke? Now, if it were but possi ble to drop back out of the drifts in which they were hiding and recross the stream, they might yet creep unobserved into the mouth of that gully and feel j their way afoot until, somewhere in tjje i snow, they came upon, as he now felt j sure they must, the stormbound wagon with its precious contents. JYom their crouohing plaoe it was impossible to see across the ridge that .separated them : from the ravine referred to; but to the southeast the prairie lay before them, and the keenest eye could detect no eign of hollow between that which lay bo near them and that from which those : vagabond mules had emerged tax out ' upon the plain. Somehow Breweter felt i certain that aow at last he waa actually ' within pistol shot of the ambulance, within speaking distance, almost, of the girl he so fondly loved, whose very life at this instant depended not only on bis ! courage, but also on his -judgment. One : raise move would nun aii. ! So long a$ the Indians kept up their powwow at the bend, bo long was Wini fred safe. The longer they delayed the nearer would it bring Murphy and tiie men from the main crossing three miles away up stream. Then, six to eix, hs ! could laugh at the Sioux. But any one I who knew Indians at all knew that the discovery of the mules would only set them to work to find the snow camp from which the animals had broken .' awaj-. Aye, even as these things flashed through his mind, Brewster could see that they were signaling 'halt' to the herd guard, and that two of the young- ; stors were lashing their ponies oatu) ! front of tho band and gradually bring ing it to a standstill. Almost at the same moment, too, those in consultation eena- i rated, three riding swiftly after the '; herd, while the other three, slowly and i cautiously, began to advance toward the ' hollow whence the mules had emerged ' Evidently they expected to find the white j man's wagon there. i 'Ifow is your time, men,' muttered j Brewster. 'Quick! Off with your side | lines and double them about your horees? fore feet 60 that they can't even hobble out of the drift. Keep them here. Take your lariat and hopple my horse, one of , you. Throw him if need be. rilwatoh i those beggars down stream. Ah, t thought so,' he muttered, 'theyVe grabbed the mules and are examining the harness) mat will tell them. eaaUy enough they were out loose after break ing the pole. Quick, men! throw enow by the bushel all over your bones. EoU in it yourselves. Get all the whitoon yon cant then run down the gully b» soon as you have your hones hidden ana watoh for toy eumaL The moment X Bay go, P9nd fbnble and scamper to ? th| ice yonder, then make for the bluffs. ' I'll follow inetanfly;'' Meekly the two troop hones, after having been led to » peeper point down the coulee, beat $i#r beads and sub- i mitted to the lashing togeftygr of their tore feet, but BreweW's 'Black Jack' was of different mold. He would not yield. , 'Over with him, Morse, ffa time to i lose now. Lash him tight or he'll break away,' called Brewster, And poor ' Jack's plunging availed him nothing. was on his side in the soft, cpM bed, the lariat was being Inched ani knotted to that Gvexi furious BtruggiGJi coulA lios free him, and then, to -$dd to tlie indjff nity, bis erptwhlld frieode and comr^w were heaptaf wit Insult aud a etoncp. ot snow upoft^Sa. Sam oouldtft under stsud. ft, . . '&eady;, men.! They're just peeping over in the hollow now. The moment they're (aHr to.i*. I &§ ftft trgsl} ?TO BE CONTINUED. 'CtARKJt's WOKLD-PAMED BLOOD MlX T0EE' is a puaranteed ^-ure for all blood and skin diseases. It is tho most searching blood cleanser-over discovered, and it will f i«e the system from all impurities from ' whatever cause arising. M it is pleaBant to the taste, and warranted free from anyUiW injurious to the most delicate constitution' o? jBJther ees, ;the pr))priett-ra solicit miteim 