Christmas Day AT THE CHILDRENS HOSPITAL MELBOURNE. {Written for the Christmas Number of the North Queensland Register.) (BY JENNINGS CARMICHAEL] CHRISTMAS DAY at the sick Childrens' Hospital is the great fete time of the year. As far as possible the institution assumes a gala dress, all hospital associations beinge disguised under the combined efforts of the staff and the general public. The wards are as bright as sunshine and abundant flowers can make them, with their polished waxedfloors, and rows of spotless beds. Most of the little ones are awake with the dawn and lie chatting with alert and expectant faces, waiting for the festivities of the day to begin. As the relieving staff of nurses enter their mid't there are enthusiastic cries of 'Merry Christmas!' from all sides, followed by a deafening chorus of queries and speculations. My charges are in the surgical department, in the large room set apart for the bigger boys. My entrance produces a cheer fully modulated ' Hurrah !' from the lads, accompanied by a vigorous waving of towels and pocket handkerchiefs. 'Merry Christinas to you, nurse ! Are we to have two helpings of plum puddin'.' Can I have a whole bottle of lemonade,' demands another boy. ' 'I'm used to puttin away whole bottles,' he adds, in case I should regard the request as experimental. ' I say, nurse, hurry up and wash us, I'm In such a jolly hurry to know what we're going to have for breakfast,' comes from a far corner, where a curly headed youngster is sitting up in bed, ready stripped for the matutinal wash. ' Cook told me boiled eggs all round, observed a sombre faced youth of twelve, who enjoyed the privilege of being dressed in the afternoon and so was enabled to make voyages of discovery on his own account. She wouldn't tell me what we was going to have for dinner, but I saw a lot of jolly plummy puddin's, so we're sure to come in there, anyhow." 'I may point out how surely a boy's notions of festivity take the form of eating and drinking with what Leigh Hunt once happily described as a ' ventripetal' tendency. This boyish characteristic becomes ! intensified to an almost abnormal degree in a hospital where richness often renders a careful diet necessary. The result of this restriction is that many boys develop in convalesence, a certain voracity of appetite which often takes all the ingenuity of a nurse to keep within reasonable bounds. I suppose the propensity is overcome once the patient is out of the atmosphere of regulation meals, and hospital diet, but the resource of the mothers must be rather severely taxed in the meantime. The morning's washing goes on with unusual despatch, and nurse has to keep her eyes on the alert to see the ablutions are genuinely carried out. A brown- legged boy with his head swathed in bandages, takes office as assistant, and supplies his comrades with soap and water in the quickest time on record. Indeed the basins travel round the ward so rapidly that nurse's subsequent in spection results in an exposition of the good old adage. More haste, less speed''-several pairs of boyish ears having to submit to a second application of the sponge. How ever, all are soon clean enough to satisfy even the most exacting nurse,- and the boys wait with polished faces and smoothly brushed hair, until the advent of the break fast trays. The boiled eggs all round' soon make their appearance together with great jugs of cocoa and as a special treat. Not that any of these are special luxuries among the patients, but they are not usually an all round' breakfast, except on particular occaisons. To see the speed with which the abundant breakfast disappears would be a startling revelation to most people, but, as I have observed elsewhere, there is a good deal of ordinary school-room and nursery life within the walls of the Childrens' Institution, as well as the gloom and suffering of hospital associations. But even here, in the midst of the surgical patients, where the least genuine sickness is found, there are ' bad cases' for whom Christmas cannot afford even the limited pleasures available. Little ones who lie with pain-drawn features, and eyes heavy with want of sleep, hardly conscious of the chattering voices of their companions, and quite uninfluenced by the Christmas sprit in the atmosphere. Should the ward be too noisy a ' bad case' is removed and isolated, but few-sick children are troubled with 'nerves,' so are unaffected by the noise even of a boy's department. After the breakfast is cleared away, the ' dressings' are attended to, and everything prepared for the house surgeons visit. Not until the satisfactory conclusion of all business is pleasure allowed to come in, so- bandages are removed and splints re-adjusted according to the usual routine, although it is Christmas morning, and crowds of books and toys are awaiting their owners. The boys are very patient, and good temperedly roll up their bandages while the doctor examines the bad leg which is the most frequent ailment among these lads. At last the surgeon's round is over, the final orders carried out, and the time' has come for the long-talked-of visit of Santa Clause.. Genwerally the matron takes the important office of distrubiting the Christmas presents, or sometimes a member of the Ladies Committee. Each child chooses his own gifts if possible, and the selections are often startling and unexpected. One lad, a confirmed cripple from hip disaese, demanded a bicycle, observing that when his leg got well again.' he could ride about the town selling papers Tommy would not be the first hospital boy who turned a useless or absent limb to this account, but I think the notion of a bicycle was entirely his own idea. However, after a little persuasion, the young aspirant for independence was induced to choose some thing of more immediate use, a bicycle being promised him should ever he be able to indulge in that form of locomotion. Soon the beds are gay with open picture books, mechanical toys, balls, tops and all the innumerable delights which are so lavishly provided for nineteenth century children . The ward is full of a distracting confussion of sounds composed of mouth-organs, whistles' and collapsing balloons. A big sheep with a moveable head attracts the notice of one of the very sick boys, and his next-door neighbour good-naturedly passes it through the rails of his cot with the magnamimous remark. ' You can stick to it, Billy, if you like, I'll get something else.' And very delightful it was to see the look of interest in the sunken childish eyes, and the caressing fondness with which the wasted hands played with the thick fleece and marvellous moveable bead. Nurse completes his happiness when she gives him a little family of lambs and a jumping jimmy, as the boys christen the gaudy coloured jointed men, who turn somersaults over bars and hoops; I think every child gets something he likes best. Among the loads of gifts showerd into the instutions at this season, it would be strange indeed if something was not found to suit all tastes. Occaisionallly the tenth comandment has to be introduced on the scene, for its against the nature of the collective human boy not to covet his neighbours goods, however pleased he may be with his own. In this spirit & good deal of what the lads call' swopping' begins, accomplished by lively arguments as to the relative attractions of the possessions swopped. It takes all nuses tact and judgement to preserve peace and equity during these business transactions, for there are always 'canny' ladies who try to outwit their fellows, and strike tbe best bargain for themseves. The glorious human bov is only the embryo man, and human nature is the same in all its stages. The girls' wards are qutieter than the boy's, although the scene in each in identical. The display of dolls is the only distinguishing feature, for both sexes are dressed in the regulation red jacket, or white night-dress, and most of the girls have cropped heads. Of coarse every little woman in the hospital gets & new doll on Christmas morning, as well as any other toy she may choose. ' Not a poor person's kind of doll either' as I hear one child remark; but lovely waxen creatures, with glowing treses, and beautiful clothes, even to hats with feathers in, and buttoned boots. Dozens alone of these costly toys are sent in annually, and there are always plenty of owners found for them during the Christmas and New Year season. The' Babies Wards at his time is perhaps the prettiest in the institution, it is the tiny room sunily situated , containing about half a dozen cots. Here the oldest patient is rarely more than five years of age, generally younger still. Therew are always one or two lovely little bairns among the in the delightful transition stage between babyhood and childhood. These children are the hospital pets, "everybody on the staff combining to spoil them. It is impossible to avoid petting some of these little creatures if one is at all prone to succumb to the fascinations of childhood. Many of the nurses take so fondly 'to these small that it is quite a wrench to restore tme to their lawful owners everybody, on the staff conbining to spoil them. It is impossible to avoid petting some of the little creatures if one is at all prone to succumb to the fascinations of childhood. Many of the nurses take so fondly to these small patients that is quite a wrench to restore them to their lawful owners. . The toys in this department are already getting a rough handling from sundry fat little lingers, while a crow of delight breaks out from time to time as some fresh charm is diiscovered in the squeaking doll or animal undergoing examination One wee boy; whose request for a ' fissin wod' had been granted, sat propped up in pillow angling for imaginary bites over the foot of his cot. This rather monotonous form of amusement became so absorbing that only the advent of the dinner trays, laden with Christmas fare persuaded him to desist. Another country boy who had been presented with a sheep farm , is quite agrieved because he is strongly advised by nurse not to shear their downy fleeces Straightaway. All sheep have to be shorn' He insists, with a droop of the rosy lips. And I want mine to be real, reglar sheep like farther's'. Nurse point that the wool of ' regular sheep grow againg,where as these poor animals would be doomed to go fleeceless for ever did their owner insist on taking off their coats. In inspite of this logical argument a compromise only is afected, little Phil consenting to spare one half of his flock on the understanding that nurse will permit him to sheer the rest. The dinner hour comes at last, and the children have their claen napkinscarefully spread out, while they eye the ward tables with interest and anticipation. My juvenile assistant of the morning is to the fore again, cutting up chicken for the helpless ones and handing round the dinners to the patients who could feed, themselves. The boys ward is always the liveliest at meal times, but on Christmas day it is even more noisy than usual. Under the stimulus of poultry, lemonade, and plum pudding, with fruit and sweets to follow lads' spirits become almost uproarious, evoking many a warning "Hush"!' from Nurse as she flies round attending to tbe wants of her large and varied family. But a good humoured mood in the ascendant even when a third helping of "plum duff"' has to be firmly refused onnthe score of inexpediency By the time the sweets have been given round l think the appetites of even the most insatiable are gratified, not excepting the fat boy the plats of his comrades earned him the opprobrious title of the scavenger.' The children's dinner over the nurses' places are taken by the matron and doctors, who look after tbe wards while the nursing staff have their Christmas feast. The docor's dinner is fixed at an earlier hour in order to make arrangement possible. The Children delight in the change of attendants and the doctors have a lively hour diving under beds after balls, carrying round drinks and amusing the small fry of the hospital. The return of the nurses, I shrewdly suspect is welcome to their releaving officer, more especially to the rash young" medico who volunteered to have an eye on the Babies' Ward. The young rogues soon discovered that they could impose on his good nature, so kept him prancing about the floor in a kind of disolving view, as a reglar animal' to quote young Phil. The entrance of the nurse emancipates the wild effellunt which was the doctors concluding effort as a zoological study, and he retrires warm and troubled, to the profound regret of his youthfull audience. Come back again doctor and bray like ??????? Calie one child persuasively, as the young man wipes his brow, and waves an exhausted farewell from the door. But the doctor aserts he has not the ghost of a bray left in him, and starts a torrent of cheers in certain quarters by promising to be a regular wild beast' on some ????? ocaision. By this time the aftenoon is ptetty well spent, and the early tea is at hand. The children are tired after the excitement of the day, and many of the smaller one are already fast asleep with their Chritmas presents clasped in there arms. Tea is soon despatched, for there is not much appetite left after the mid-day meal, although the 'scavenger' contrives to do justice to the plain cake, which to- night supplements bread and milk and butter. By gum, young 'un, you have got a twist! I heard one lad exclaim, as the fat boy asked for further supplies. 'I thought you were tucked as tight as & sausage.it dinner time. No wonder your mother has to get a public institootion to feed yer!' The object of these facetions observations makes a semi-circle in a fresh slice of cake, only noticing his comrades banter, by a profouud wink of his eye, and a deepening of the dimples in his ample cheeks. As the children's picnic is mainly made up of something good to eat, the last meal of the day practically ends the time of festivity for them. Besides which the toys are put away in the lockers, and the ward prepared for the night as soon as the tea-trays . disappear. By the time the sunset comes in at the western windows nearly all the small bairns are asleep, and the big lads talk to one another in subdued murmurs, until they, | too, become drowsy, and allow nurse to tuck ' them in. By eight o'clock the day and its | delights have become part and parcel of the past, except for one or- two wakeful ones who lie listening to the deep breathing of their companions, and courting slumber for themselves. But Christmas time is not soon forgotten and forms the staple of conversation for many a day to come. We can only hope that the public will continue to keep up their kindly custom of sending Christmas gifts to the little ones thereby enabling their temporary guardians to give them a share in the season'a gladnest. This is a charity that appeals to all particularly at a time when one feels that children should be anywhere but within the wall of a hospital The exercise of a little gracious thoughtfulness can introduce the genuine good old Father Christmas spirit even into the midst of so many opposing forces, transforming a scene of captivity, in some degree, any way, into a palace beautiful of feasting and delight. -Finis- 