A Clergyman's Horse sees a Ghost. (CONTRIBUTED.) SOME very interesting yarns could be spun concerning clergymen's horses. One of the latest to hand is from the pen of the Rev. J. S. Simon, a Wesleyan Minister in England. It concerns the horse his father used to drive in the Tadcaster Circuit. The name of the horse was Diamond. Diamond saw a ghost one day, and the evidence of the fact is clear and decisive. Mr. Simon says:—"It was the custom of the Tadcaster ministers to drive together on week days to certain villages, preach, and then return to the circuit town. One night, as they were returning, suddenly Diamond started. The hand upon the reins was firm, and he was soon under fair control; but he was trembling with excitement. Again he had to obey the driver. The two preachers wondered what was the matter, and peered into the gloomy night to discover the cause of the alarm. Then, just before them they saw a horseman. He was jogging along unconcernedly, careless of the commotion he created. They saw the fashion of his dress, and discerned the gray hair that had es- caped from something that looked like a helmet. But Diamond plunged and wheeled, and threatened to smash the gig to atoms. The preachers shouted to the figure, telling the rider to clear out of the way, or they must drive over him. He took no notice, but jogged on. Then, just as the driver could hold Diamond no longer, and he was about to give him his head, the road was clear. The horseman had utterly vanished, leaving not a trace behind. Convinced that they had seen something exceedingly strange, the preachers deter- mined, on their next visit to the village from which they were returning, to lead the conversation to the subject of spiritual appearances, and see if, without giving a hint of their own experiences, any legend was connected with the road over which they had travelled. When they met the account they gave was singular. After a little talk, the villagers had affirmed that the road was haunted. Being asked to give a description of the ghost they described the figure that my father and his colleague (Mr. Eastwood) had seen. They had even a name for it. It was Lord Clifford, "Bloody Clifford," who was killed at the battle of Towton." 