AUSTRALIAN WOMEN. (liv JrjijA F. NICHOLSON, IN TIIK North A merkan Seriem. ) Imagination pictures a new type in a new land. Tlie pity of it is that the reality falls short of expectation. Australian women, to be sure, work out their destiny in thc newest of new lands ; hut, in these latter days, when one end of thc world, so to say, touches the other, originality is heavily handicapped. External influences are for ever beating on Australian shores. American and English examples, always present, are as inimical to thc production of original and striking characteristics ns civilisation, uccording to Macaulay, is to tile production of thc most poetic poetry. Australian women uspire to the freedom and independence of American women, and stand in awe of thc presence and traditions of English women. The result is a character moulded by conflicting influences, reflected through the coloured medium af Australian conditions. Transition stages are rapid in Australia. The twilight flits across the hills and plainB. and, ghost-like, disappears. The naivelé of childhood slips away before short frocks lengthen into long gowns. It is daylight or darkness, infancy or womanhood herc. Before thc English girl has outgrown childish de- lights tlie Australian is a woman in minia- ture, self-conscious, self- confident, not easily abashed, with eyes that long since have ceased to look out upon thc world with wonder. In a short skirt, with a plait down ile back, young Australia imitates its elders, flirts, fallB in love, and, sometimes, reads and writes funny little love-letters in all serious- ness. Very youthful, very innocent all thiB iu ils way, but the way itself (trikes one as just u little precocious. Like her brother, thc Australian girl has a say aB to what she learns, where she goes, what she weare. In fact, she brings herself up under easy supervision. <3rown to womanhood, the glitter and glamour of life already tarnished in her sight, she is without reserve, possessed of few illusions and less sentiment. iShc has arrived at a very good opinion of herself. So far as circumstances permit, she pleases her. self in thc choice of a husband or a course io life. But with all her liberty she does not enjoy the recognised freedom and indepen- dence of the American girl. The social code is slightly confusing For an unengaged girl to go to thc theatre or for a walk alono with a man would be scandalous, but at a dance she may wander about dim gardenB and verandahs with a new acquaint- ance and it is quite another thing. She marries at any age short of middle age, but it is not into greater freedom as the French woman, but into bondage after the most ap- proved British fashion. Family cares and household duties absorb her ; servants worry her. Thc happy knack of dividing life into parts and sustainiug many interests bas yet to be acquired. Accomplishments are neglected; dancing goes to the wall ; for reading there is no time. But should domesticity fail to en- gross her and thc giddy whirl of society sweep her away from home, the household becomes a scene of disorder. Perhaps this is why thc average domesticated Australian becomes so uninteresting after marriage. lier life narrows down, she seldom Bhares her hus- band's interests, her conversation fluctuates between Bcandal and servants' delinquencies, fashions, and the children. Her days are varied by tea and gossip, with visits and occa- sional entertainments thrown in. Unless a fashionable woman she no longer troubles to lie pretty or channing, aud it is unusual for her to keep herself au courant of passing events and tile questions of to-day, or to give moro than an occasional glance at a news- paper. Though pretty, tall, and well-formed, thc Australian is not graceful. Her feet are seldom small, her hands rarely beautiful, Moreover, she docs not dress welL Her toilette has none of thc c/iic of the Parisieune's, little of the sobriety of thc Englishwoman's. Overdressed or dowdy, she produces the im- pression of not only having little taste, but no artistic sense of the fitness of things. Stylish and elegant women are to be Been more fre- quently in Melbourne than elsewhere. Never- theless, dress is dear to thc soul of au Aus- tralian, and much is spent on it. Down in thc lowest social grades it plays au important part. Thc Australian hugs the idea of equality, and, believing in uniformity of j dress as the visible sigu of equality, often sacrifices actual comfort to obtain fashion- able clothing. An Australian family makes a brave show on holidays. There may be bare feet and rags in the house, but there are cheap feathers and gloves in the street. Here the vanity, of tho race peeps out, and hatred of apparent social distinctions, for vanity is stronger iu the Australian woman thau ambition, just as indolence, is more inherent than energy. She is clever but notintellectual, accomplished oftener than highly educated. To be able to play thc piano is regarded as a sort of cachet of distinction, not to play it as a lamentable sign of neglected education. Tact* is natural to her, also a quick sense of perception. With the ready ease wherewith a troutlet changes its colour into harmony with that of its surroundings she adapts herself to circum- stances, catches the cue of her entourage, aud continues to produce a favourable impression. With a cheerful disposition and mercurial temperament, thc serious side of life scarcely appeals to her. Forseeing not that to BOW tho wind is to reap the whirlwind, she exacts neither obedience nor due reverence from her children, and without being specially religious leaves thc re- sponsibility of their future very much to Providence. Thus some of thc finest feel- ings that hind the human race together become destroyed, and a spurious sort of independence loosens family tics in Aus- tralian households. Though hardly capable of strong feeling ami deep, passionate attach- ment, thc Australian is affectionate, und in manner hospitable, friendly, mid, sometimes, sympathetic. Strangers to-day, to-morrow you arc intimately acquainted. In friendship there is no tentative stage, but a plunge in medias reu. By her speech the Australian betrays her origin. Bay is pronounced bili ; say, sai. Sometimes there is a nasal sound in thc voice. Often there is slang on her lips, not thc slang of society merely, but of the stockyard, thc camp- fire, and the stable. It may be heard in thc drawing-rooms of society, for polished mauncrs arc not found ns a mutter of course in promiucut places. Here men and women ure shaken like dice in u box ; chance decides thc tlirow. Culture mid refinement may dwell in the humblest homes and thc veriest Îilchciauism amidst luxury. Australia is thc and of many grotesque contrasts and some unique social surprises. 