DISCOVERY BY SPIRITUALISTS. A Hobart Sensation. Ax incident, which at first seemed to point to. the discovery of a mysterious and' ghostly crime, but which terminated in rather a' humorous manner, is reported from Hobart. One night recently two young men in reduced. circumstances applied for quarters at the Old Nurses' Home in Liverpool-street, which, a short time ago was opened as a relief 'restu rant. Their request was granted, and they were placed in one of the numerous rooms in the building. The next morning they re ported that they had heard most weird noises while endeavouring to snatch a few hours' sleep on their improvised beds. This statement recalled certain rumours of days gone by that the place was haunted. At Hobart the older portion of the Nurses' Home has been reported at intervals for years to be the rendezvous of a spectre of a woman, and the locale of strange noises at midnight. The building has a history. It was originally ,a female hospital, then an emigrant dept ; next a Nurses' Home, and is now utilised in many ways as a refuge for a few destitutes, a Relief Restaurant, and a meeting place for one or two scratch organi sations. There are many "fairy tales" told about the old building and of the "rum. characters" said to have been quartered there. About a dozen years ago a scare arose as to a ghost being seen in the main corridor and: in the long ward on the Bathurst-street side of the building (subsequently divided into three apartments as it now stands). It was at that time a female hospital. The .nurses used to declare that they heard foot steps imd other unaccountable noises in the, corridor at night, especially at the upper end of the ward. Then, about eight' years ago, Nurse Masters became very terrified, saying she had seen the ghost there. Then Nurses Player and M'Kay reported having seen it;. and another nurse, whose name for certain reasons is not mentioned, was 'so frightened by seeing the spectre, or thinking she saw it, that she at once left the hospital. Latterly, since the nurses have quitted it for the new Nurses' Home (in Argyle-street, the appari tion has been reportsd to have reappeared. It appears that in Hobart there is at pre sent a little organisation of spiritualists, and the report of the two startled sleepers in the Nurses' Home reached the ears of Messrs. E. B. Gawne and Bugby, who take a prominent interest in spiritualism and clairvoyance. These enthusiasts, with a number of their friends, decided to investigate these alleged "spiritualistic manifestations " at the insti tution. A night was fixed upon, and be tween 10 and 11 o'clock the party assembled in the room off the main corridor where the young men had slept. There were both ladies and gentlemen present, and it was decided to hold a spiritualistic seance. Cllirs -Wer?ang'u -r-on in aring, aud all caught hands as they sat in the circle. Then the room was darkened, and the spirits were called'forth by one of the gentlemen who acted as the "medium." Meanwhile the ladies became extremely nervous, and stories were told of murders and restless spirits which worked the party up to a high pitch of fearful excitement. Then, suddenly, it is averred, a spectral figure of a woman rose from the hearthstone in front of them, passed through the little family circle, and disap peared as though she went through the wall at the opposite end of the room. Mr. Gawne and two or three of the party declare that they saw it, and that there were other " manifestations." At any rate, the whole party were thrown into a perfect spasm of terror, and there was an instant rush into the corridor. It was intended to keep the incident as se cret as possible among the initiated of the ' circle," but Mr. Gawne said the manifesta tions indicated to him that there was hidden crime connected with the place. The Deem ing murders and concealments by burying human bodies under the hearthstone were thought of. That was the very thing. They must havethe hearthstone up. The athletic and. venturesome Gawne thereupon,withthe assist ance of a working man, repaired to the insti tution and got permission to raise the floor and make a search in the chamber of mysteries. Soon the crowbar add spade were at work, and the hearthstone was raised, and a quan tity of earth removed. Going down a little lower some remains were discovered in the shape of numerous bones, parts of a skull, bones like those of an arm, parts of a verte bram, a tooth, etc., also pieces of cloth, an old safety pin, and a spent bullet. These were all gathered together and taken away by Mr. Gawne as proof of the ability to discover won drous things by means of spiritualism. Subsequently a reporter called upon Mr. Gawne, who, in reply to an invitation to give his version of the affair, said, ".We saw manifestations, and a clairvoyant a mile off saw it at the same moment. And those manifestations have led to the discovery of these bones." It was then pointed out to Mr. Gawne that if he thought there really were any human remains among them, he should not have removed them from the home, but have .given information to the police. This, he said, had not " struck " him before, and he accordingly took the bones to the police station, where they were examined by two or three veterans in the police service, who concluded that there were no human remains among them. The piece of skull was probably part of a sheep's head, and some of the other bones perhaps part of the backbone of a crossbred merino. After the excavations which fHr. Gawne had made the room looked very much as if a miniature earthquake had happened in it. Half rotten bricks, a big hearthstone, and a good wheelbarrow-full of mould lay on the boards. There was quite a tunnel under the boarding, and the conclusion come to by the general unbeliever in spiritualism and "mediums" was that the hollow place under the hearthstone was'a rats' dinmng-room, and that all the " unearthly noises" heard from time to time on the premises were caused by the same obtrusive vermin. 