THE EVERLASTING GHOST. A Phantom HINT Has Made tittle PIOGW i: re.'ib In XIiaiihRinl^ <>r Yeai-.s. . We are asked to believo in -gliosts hecause m every age tlieieli.w e been gliost Btones. But-would it not lje rnoie natural tosupposethatiinevery agetlieliu- :.maa nund lias been subject to aberrations,- -and.that some specific weakness or iia-egularity.of the meutal constitution or. of the phy sical organ, the brain ; on which all thiukiug, go lar as we are aware, depends, has probably given use to this • particular class of hallucinations? "We cannot litetend as vet to know the -mind..thoroughly in health'and disease, but this we do know, that there are thousands and millions of persejiis whose lives : are never 'intruded : on by ghosts aiiel who know absolutely nothing of "occult" phenomena. According to a reverend; gentleman's .figures, only one woman in twelve and one man m ton has had any "occult" experiences. Now, what : WG. should like very much to ha ve would bB •'ji- further .analysis'-of these'figures show; . ing the percentage of flighty or otherwise ill balanced minds among the "occult" and the "nonoccult ' (if we may so -apply the words) classes respectively. Our own experience would lead us to believe that the proportion would be vastly larger m the former class than in the latter. Who has not known many examples of the tremulous, nervous, hypersensitive, wonder loving, hysterical or semihystericaj. type of constitution, among the devotees of ghost lore? And if such examples occur, as we believe tliey inust, to the inind of every one, is it not at least a probable inference that '-occultism 1 ' in its Various phases has something to do with tliat kiiid of mind? ;$he.ghQst may be very ancient, but wo ; do not believe in him .the more. Tho trouble • about him is that ho has inado mo progress since the earliest times: In fact, on the whole, he has fallen back. Wo should:iiot be eiisposed to talk of the i-the Bev. Ma ,'Eaweis sused. the. term - betore us. r But .if-, -follotriag th^ reverend • gentleiriau's lead, we consider the prophet's .alleged translation in tliat light, Bm'ely it was d most siiccessful feat ii] "leritatibn," and a little ahead of any-" . tiling the modem world can show. And, speaking generally, the apparitions and visions and other spiritual or occult phenomena of ancient- times had more "body" to them than those of our own day. If therefore the .ghost Jiai Inaeie iio progi-ess in the courseof - three or four thousand years, if "lie is. just as uuihstructivo aiid ihconse^iient ii' phe- .•nomenon now as he was when we first encountered rhim, if not a little more so, we may perhaps be pardoned for thinking that he may be safely aiid fairly ignored by, people who have an ayeraga amount of business to attend to.— Pop- .ular Science Monthly. 