GHOSTS. A CHAT WITH A HAUXTED HOUSE EXPEUT, " Then you don't believe in ghosts, Air Brooke?" " Certainly not; but I do boliovo tliere nro peoplo who see them-in" imagination." » Such was tlie question put by a representative of the Pall Matt 'Budget and tho answer received from Mr W. P. Broolce, of Maskelyne and Cooko's, who tho other day issued a circular offering to visit " Jiauntcdliousos" and lay the most troublesome " spook." Mr Brooko complains somewhat of the Psychical Hesearch Society, and thinks that if more activity- was shown many houses that hnvo been ompty for years, because tlioy have tlie reputation of being haunted, might be let. He has great faith in indivi dual work in this line, and is con vinced that if some one would sot himself up as a " specialist," and offer to take up his quarters in the " dread being's own abodo " for a little time, lie might easily find out tlie real cause of the disturbance, and thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread about and give a house a bad name. TII13 ADVEXTUltE 01- TILE STOWAWAY. " What was your first achieve ment ?" " Oh., a very simple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Aus tralia, and we had taken a cargo of coals for New Zealand, but on tlie day previous to tlie sailing every man on' board deserted on account" of the strange noises that wove heard in tho ship's hold, and, in fact, all over tho vessel. I heard the noises myself, and at first was undor the impression that some stowaway was in distress. I found out this was not tho caso, so (having an idea) I commenced imitat ing various animals, and was soon delighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cautiously in tlie direction of tlie sound, but slipped, and, rolling down the heap of coals, fell into tho arms of tho poor little pig that wo had lost threo weoks beforo, and which had grown enormously fat during liis incarceration, existing solely upon coal !" .J'iru CAT AXD THE HAT. "I suppose that in many cases animals are the cause of these strango noises ?" "Oh, yes; I havo had manj' in stances of tho kind. One time I was seut for to calui the fears of two mai den ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappings that had, they assured 1110, 'come out of the earth.' I found that the sounds proceeded from tho efforts of a cat trying to oxtricate its head from a lobster-tin under tho floors. In another caso I was quietly sitting in a 'haunted house' with a dim glimmer of light, a pieco of clieeso near a suspicious-looking holo ; and ; my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when 1 saw two glistening oves,andI 'let go !' I drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round its neck ; 110 more rapping was heard there. Tho wood, I presume, had been tied round tho poor brute as an old dodge to scare away its companions, and in its journeyings it tapped against the laths and floors." "What are your methods of un earthing'ghosts " " They arc very simplo. I have locate ?i" s ouifd 'ili rec t ly 'Y 11 i'aFtt1 ?r'lJ]i£ ' if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of the doors and > windows and floors. If I suspect that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in tho house, I scatter a little powder or sand around all the entrances, sit down quietly and await the appearance of tho ap parition or the sound of the creature. If it appears (it never does though !) and goes off again I examine the pow der round the doors for footmarks or paw treads. I understand thorouglily the construction of a house, and, con sequently, can often detect flaws in the building that would not bo noticed except by a practical man. Strango noises arc caused bva variety of things : clothes baskets that havo contained wot clothes are hung up in a warm room after washing day. They will emit peculiar sounds to the ner vous. Loose boards under the car pets will set main- people wondering, a beetle underneath a wall paper, too, will make a strange scratching sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagination is tho only intellectual faculty which exercises a direct in lfuonco on tho bodily organs, those organs being the organs of seuso. It acts by producing in them, or in parts of the brain with which tlicy com municate, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects actually present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by theso false inipressious which occur , in many different states of the system. I know a man who soes phantoms very often. I have been in his com pany when he sees them-lie lias had two or three attacks of ' D.T.' " A " WOMAN'S PITEOUS MiimoiiT SHK1KKS " ? " Needless to say, Mr Brooko, you havo always discovered the naturo and whereabouts of tho ' spirit ' ? "Yes. I have never been beaten, but I havo had sevoral tough cus tomers to deal with. One house that I visited bore a very bad name. Un earthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill-treated had been heard by the neighbors, as well as by tho late occupants. I stayed in the houso by myself one eveniug, but failed to hear anything out of the common, until | the lady, a few minutes before twelve, gave me a taste of hor quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and tlien in the room above ; I wont into tho garden-she was there ; I went into the street-she was there. I know she was there, because I hoard her. I examined the houso thoroughly, but without success, until my ofl'orts were re warded after about a couplo of hours' searching, and I traced her voice to tho roof. I went for it with a ladder and brought it down under my arm tho chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by tho sweep's brush, and tho wind caused theso un musical sounds." "By no means a pleasant job, clambering over the roof of an empty houso ? " " I've had worse. I managed to unearth tho cause of the footsteps that were always heard during the rainy weather in a largo houso in High - street, Poptford, some tiuio sineo. After . swarming about the outside in tho wind and wet, I ' dis covered that the gutter was stopped lip, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Faces wore never 6oen at the windows | ?\vliilo I stayed there,-anil two pots of 'four 'arf'informed mexthat 1 the lilolros wot lived in one of . tliov. kerre vans on the fair grouiidjbohiud used to go in the house .when-it was' empty to'doss.'" -v.; -/ Mi- Brooke got into trouble a iew years ago by his rathor'practical elu cidation "of the Greenwich Mystery. He is a practical man ; a disavow or of spiritualism and tlieosophy, and lie scorns "astral bodies." If anj' ono has a real ghost for salo, lie would bo pleased to buy it; or if a liauutedhouse can bo pointed out to liiin, lie will bo vory happy to track the "spook" to its parading ground. 