LOCAL NEWS. CRICKET.-Next Saturday the Albion Park 0.0. will visit Buli, when an all day match will result. MR, ALEXANDER, P.M.-We understand that Mr. Alexander left Goulburn for his new home at Wollonongong by the 11.20 train yesterday, KIAMA C.C.-The first cricket match of the season, so far as the Kiama Cricket Club is concerned, will be played on Saturday next, when teams from the Kiama and Qerringong Clubs. will enter into competition. I.O G.T.-The Oakleaf Lodge, No.'282, I.O.G. Templars, after being in abeyance for the last 12 months hasoe been resusee. tated as a result of the visit of Mr. Finlay Wilson to the district. Several lodges have also been formed in other parts of this and the Shoalhaven district, A HORSE DROPPED DEAD.-A valuable horse, the property of Mr. E. Pritchard; dropped dead whilst in harness an Saturday. afternoon. The animial was being driven homeward by :Mi. Pritchard about 4 o'clock, when opposite Liston's store, in Manning-street, it suddenly stumbled and fell, expiring shortly after wards, ACCIDENT.--On Saturday night last a coach, drivenbby Mr. D. King, encountered a deep rut in Collins-street, opposite Rutssell's back premises, and capsized. Mr. King, who was driving at the time; was imprisoned for some time beneath the overturned vehicle, but ultimately suoceeodedin effecting his release, Fortu nately no serious injury resulted, and beyond some damage to the vehicle, and a slight wound on one of the horses' leogs, the affair was attended by no extraordinary or serious oircumstances. STOCKS AND SHARES.-A perceptible im provement is noted in the demand for investment of stooks in the Sydney markeh. The inquiry for deposits of the recon structed banks is maintained, sales boing made at previous quotations. Bank shares are also in fair request; sales have been made at the following rates :-A.J.S. Bank negotiable deposit, 168 9d; Commercial Bank ditto, 1is; Commcrrcial Bank A shares, 101, B ditto £8 18s, New South Walons a:oies, oex new 28S. SOUTH COAST CATTLE.-Mr, S. . Reed, of the Hawkesbury district, has been in Sho-l. haven during the week selecting a number of :cattle to -form the nucleus of a dairy herd for Mr. G. Bowen, of Kurrajong. -Weo uiderstand that Mr.- Reed bought some twenty' head there, and with what he had previously securedin several centirs of the itlawarra district, he takes altogdther 100 ead .up to.the Hawkesbury, The same gentleman also procured several valuable cattle from renowned dairy herds in this district. MEASLES.-As some misapprehesision ap. pears to exist in regard to the regulation of the Department of Public Instruction with respect to measles, we again publish that regulation, which *as adopted at the suggestion of the Board of Health: (Ihildren-shall not-attend school until one month has elapsed from the time of their being seized with scarlet fever, measles, or diphtheria, and they shall in all cases pro duce a certificoate from a duly qualfled medical practitioner to the effect that their'clothing has been properly disinfected. Healthy children from a house in which any person is lying sick with any of the diseases above specified shall be excluded from schools for a like period. SNAKE YARN.--On Friday last a young man, residing at Yellow Book, a relative of' Mr. G. J. Prott, of liama, while journeying along the road leading towards his resi dence discovered no lead than six snakes coming towards `him from a creek close by. The young man vigorously applied a bullock whip, which he carried, killing five of. the reptiles in a very plucky manner. One, however, succeeded in escaping, but was noticed coming from the creek on the following day. Thoyoung man prevoously refeored to, haing been on the watch for his snakeship, subjected it to a similar form of dispath to its five comrades, thus relieving much anxiety and adding much to the safety of the neighbourhood. EXCURSION TRAIN.--Tho Cruimissionors' offer of a cheap trip to the iMetropolis, on Thursday last, does not appear to have been availed of very much. The train was any. thieg but crowded, and ti.e holiday-loving people. f Kiama wore at a discount on that particulsr;disy. ThoeOommissiosers chotE a rather a, kward day for their favor, and it is not to be eondered at that they met with o little success in their enterprise; A train:run on aFriday evening or Satur day morning would be more sensible from: a pleaesre seeker's view,- but where-local storekiespors are concerned it would be any thing but a gratifying boon. This 'ldocality is within such easy distance of Sydney- that already a great amount of the income of the plaes is diverted into the pockets of the Metropolitan storekeepers; which, by rights -if everybody had their just dues-should be in the hands of local grocers, butchers, and bakers, AN EVENT.-Theo days of lhe age, or the ago of. the days, advances new ideas and in one direction a pleasing development has been made in themnotiv power-obtained by the use of the bicycle. There exists just now an ardent desire to emulate in the use of these vehicles. Let us leave the general reference to this pastime alone and refer to a particular and rare instance of perform ance on'the wheel. Mr. and Mrse. Mad dock passed through this distioat a few days ago on bicycles, and attracted much attention on their presentment in the streets of Kiama. They -started from Sydney on Saturday, 0th September, and came along the coast through Elama, Milton, Meorya, and Bega. They were unfortunate at having to remain nearly two days at Milton, owing to rain. On the day- following the rain they rode 68 miles over heavy roade. Of aourso it is under stood what the roads there arelike after two days rain, so we consider the trip a remarkable one, oepooially for a lady. They are the first .couplo that hove Pop dggrn4 Qu914 lB giit, DRAMA.-The drama, " Ten nights in a Bar Room," will be played at Shellharbour to-night, and at Gerringong on Thursday night. BANK CHANGE.--Mr. AlioliArti. who has for some time boon ongagoed in Nowra as a clerk in the B S. & A. Bank, took his departure on Friday on ehort notice to ocolpy a similar position at Albion Park. This change means promotion, and one that the Shoalhavon News considers to be well deserve', STOCK, &c.-Stock; have kept their con dition well during the winter, and grass and herbage are now becoming plentiful. The country now presents a pleasilng aspect, hill and dale being covered with. beautiful verdure, so that stock ought to do particularly well from this time forward. RIFLE SHOOTING.-Kiaman will be well represented at the shooting of the New South Wales Rifle Association, which began yesterday. Seoveral crack shots .have entered in the various competitions; and .a team from the local volunteer company will compete fora prizeodr the best dressed and drilled company. In this competition the local m6n should give a good account of themselves, and, no doubt, the reputation of the distriot will be fully sustained by our able riflemen. ELECTION OF RETURNING OFFICER.--A full bench of thb magistrates of the district has, we understand, bboon, by instiuctions from the Colonial Secretary's Otfleo, sum moned by circular to attend at the Court House to-morrow, for the . purpose of nominating a suitable person for the position of Returning Officer under the now Electoral Act, ii placo e f John Colloy, E:q., J.P., resigned. . SPIRITUALISM.--Attention is directed to an advertisement in another column, noti- fying that the Rev. C. J. M'Coy will lecture in the Kiama Wesleyan Church this evening, on the subject of "table rapping and ghosts.'" The lecture will no doubt be highly interesting, and in consequence of the good object for which it is given-assisting the Jamberoo parsonage fund-the attendance will, we hope, be large. The lecture will be repeated at Gerringong, Shellharbour and Jamberoo during the week, commencing at 8 o'clock each evening as announced by advertisement. On Saturday night last (says the Carcoar Chronicle) Mr. J. Is. Cobb, J,P., District Coroner, was on a visit to Mr. G. H. Kite, solicitor, of Blaynoy. At about 11.46, as he was retiring to rest, the window of his bedroom was raised stealthily, and a man, whose face was concealed by a white handkeorhief, appeared, and present. ing a double-barrelled gun, exclaimed, "You are Mr. J. Lithgow Cobb, J.P., Coronor, Carcoar ; I'll blow your brains out for convicting Bertie Glasson of wilful murder." Mr, Cobb. had the presence of mind to extinguish the light, and escapod from . the room, Next morning a cartridge and a large carving knife were discoveored under the window. 