FUN AND FANCY. A handful of common sense is worth a bushel of learning. Carries everything before him.— The man with a wheelbarrow. Ghosts are not always meant when the shades of night are spoken of.' Proper respect for some persons is best preserved by avoiding their neigh borhood. Standing on one’s dignity is as un certain a way to get on in this world as walking on stilts.’ ‘One swallow does not make a sum mer,’ but one grasshopper makes more than a dozen springs. The fellow sitting on the fence can always make a straighter furrow than the man behind the plough. He— ‘ Will you accept my hand and fortune ?’ She— ‘ No; the former is too large'and the latter is too small.’ An Awkward Position.—He —‘ I do wish Maude wrote a better hand. I can’t tell whether she has accepted or rejected me.’ How much easier it is for us to sit by a good fire and tell our friends what we intend to do than it is to go out into the cold and do it. May— ‘ Why have you stopped using powder? Was it injuring your com plexion !’ Amy— ‘ No, but it was ruin ing Charley’s new coat.’ ‘ I hope there won’t be any collision to day, Mr Guard,’ said an old lady passenger; ‘l’ve got two dozen eggs in this basket. Please be carefull. A.— ‘ I bought one of those patent rat-traps the other day.’ B.— ‘ Did you have you trouble setting it.’ A.— ‘ Oh, no; I soon got my hand in.’ Jones’ Latest Aphorism ‘ The poorer a man is the more he tries to seem rich; and the richer he is the more he tries to appear poor. Queer, isn’t it?’ Mr Slowmatch—‘Johnny, what do you think you’ll be when you’re a man?’ Johnny—‘Well, if you’ve got any pluck I’ll be your brother in law.’ Hymeneal Item.—Mrs Talker—‘lt’s a dreadful thing to be disappointed in love.’ Mr Talker—‘ It’s not as bad as being disappointed in marriage.’ Algy—‘Walsingham offered mean unpalulonable insult—told me to go to Jericho.’ Hawy (breathless) —‘ What did you do?’ Algy—‘l wefused to go.’ Teacher (to the class in chemistry) —‘What does sea water contain besides the sodium chloride that we have men tioned ?’ Bobby Smith —‘ Fish, sir.’ Mrs Dix— ‘ What is it a sign of to have the family cat howl outside at night?’ Dix—‘Of a death in the I family—if the man is a good shot with a bootjack.’ Mother (reading over a hatch of her son’s rejected jokes)— 1 I’m sure I can’t see, John, when they editors print such stupid jokes, why they should re ject yours.’ Wagster— ‘ Miss Fosdick is the most extravagant girl I know.’ Doubleday —‘Nonsense!’ Wagster—‘Well, I heard her offer Goslin a penny for his thoughts.’ She— * Why do you never tako me to the theatre, George?’ He—‘Mabel, you certainly do not expect me to spend .my hard borrowed cash for theatre tickets, do you ?’ In the Plural. —‘Ah, Mees Smeeth you climb ze Matterhorn ? Zat was a foot to be proud of.’ ‘ Pardon me, Count, but you mean ‘ feat.’ ‘ o—h ! You climb it more than vonce.’ 