CURRENT TOPICS. Tar lMinister of Lands (the hon. W. Hartnoll), who was present at the Public Offiees yestarday, left for Evandale in the afternoon. The Treasurer (the hon. John Henry) arrived in the city last evening and left for Hobart by the mail train. The Chief Secretary (the hon. Adye Douglas) will probably leave for the capital to-day. THEi Tasmanian portion of the English mails despatched from Launceston on De cember 26 per Orient Company's steamer Ormuz arrived at London on the 28th inst., 33 days in transit. SAMosNG the passengers by the express train, from Hotarb yesterday was Judge Molesworth, of Victoria, who has been spending-a few weeks in the capital. He left by the steamer Flinders for Mel bourne. THE Town Clerk informs us that there is work for the unemployed-stonebreaking -near Langley, on the West Tamar road. THE bench at the City Police Court yesterday morning was occupied by Messrs G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., and B. P. Far relly, J.P., who were engaged for about two hours in dealing with a charge pre ferred against a cabman named Charles Dunton by his wife, Mary Ann Dunton, for leaving her without means of support since January 3. Mr M. J. Clarke ap peared for the defendant, who pleaded not guilty, and after evidence for the plaintiff had been taken he was ordered to pay 5s per week for her sappolt, the first payment to be made on Monday nex. - A case against a cabman named Crosby for a breach of the by-laws was dismissed. MR JAMrss HALL, who was deputed by the Railway Employees' Association of blbart to address the Launceston em ployees on matters connected with their interests, had a meeting called for last evening. In consequence of the paucity of attendance the meeting was adjourned until next Thursday. Various ceuses are attributed for the lack of interest which appears to be taken in the mies'on. One is the number of political moetings held, and one cause is a misunderstanding which has arisen. An impression existed among several of the railway employees that the address is only intended for members of the association. As a fact the whole of the men working at the Railway Depart ment in Launceston are solicited to attend. LAST evening the faxourite excursion steamer Centennial ran an excursion under the auspices of the Amateur Gardeners' Association, when she had about 200 exour sionists on board, mesbly all being in some way connected with the society. The steamer left the wharf at ten minutes to eight, and proceeded down the river as far as Freshwater Point, returning to the wharf a little before 10 o'clock. All on board seemed well pleased with the outing, and hopes were expressel that similar trips would be undertaken by the society during the summer months. The Ialian String Band was engaged for the trip, and discoursed music which was much appre ciated by the excursionists. REV. JOHN WATSFORD, Of Victoria, one of the fathers of Wesleyan Methodism in Australasia, and whose name is almost a household word throughout the colonies, conducted a Bible reading at the Patters )n street Wesleyan school-room yesterday afternoon. His subject was the Power of the Holy Spirit to sanctify by grace. The reading comprised various porti'eons of the Scriptures,. including I. Corinthians, iii., 5 ; Romans viii., 26; II. Corinthians, iii., 9, and several others, showing that it was necerssry for believers to continually seek spiritual blessings. In aiming at complete santificstion there w a sometimes an in clination to disregard l'aser things which were important in attaining the higher and much to be sought after state: of grace. In the evening at the Margaret-street church Mr Wateford took his test from St. Johni xvi., 7. The subject on which he spoke was chiefly the power of the Holy Ghost upon men on the day of Pentecost. -The power which was felt then should go on through all the ages of the world, and persons should endeavour to obtain sancti fication. The discourse was a very fervent one, in which he exhorted parents to conse crate themselves to God, s) that they might .secure the fulness of santification. The attendance was good. As will be seen in another column the monthly meeting of the Women's Union will take place to-morrow, the subject as previously announced being "How to make our convention a success." The Women's Union purposes holding its first annual convention in this city early in April, and is expecting delegates from the varioun . unions in. the colony, and probably, Miss Ackeraauu. who is now in India, may come over to conduct.part of the proceedings. To-NmRHT the Emerson-Wood Minstrel Combination commences a brief season at the Academy of Music. The company is headed by the wocld renowned "Billy'" Emerson, described as one of the cleverist burnt-cork comedians at present before the public. The combination as a whole is decidelly a strong one, and should draw crowded houses nightly throughout the season. Mr Wood is pronounced by the Mdlbourne and Sydney press to be a humourist of the first water, his method being altogether unique.' The whole show is under the management of Mr Martin Simonsen, whose name should be a' guarantee as to its general quality. The Launceston season is limited to four nights, the company being en route to New Zealand. LAsT evening the members of the Fire Brigade were engaged practising for the Geelong contest. Tho team will not be picked for the next two weeks, and practices will be again held on Wednes day. Tn[ eagerly looked for visit of the choir and orchests a of the Royal Victorian Insti tute for the Blind to Launceiton came off last evening, when the large hall ef the Mechanies' Institute was nearly filed by one of the most representative audiences we have seen assembled there. As we have alrealty not'fledtho musical representatives of the splendidly managed institute in question first touched Tas. manian s it at Emn Bay ard Leven, and after a remarkably successful coastal tour werked their way hither. Everywhere they have been heartily• welcomed, and the eulogistic reports that have reached us from our various corresponidents in the dis tricts through which the rsitors have paeel were unmistakably verified by the performance given last eve.sing, for it was indeed a musical feast. The porformers, 20 in number, included among whom is Mr C. Bartlett, a young Tasmanian, and a musician of undoubted ability, have three -teachers with them, Mr Hogarth being principal, Mr Whitfeld musical conductsr, and Mr Pattle leader and instructor. When the performers were introduced last cven ing the overture "Poet and Peasant" opened.the programme, after which the hen. W. Hart briefly touched upon the object of the visit of the blind per formers, and introduced Mr Hogarth, who gave an interesting account of the rise and progress of tke institution. The programme was then proceeded with, and Eeldom have we seen an audience so thoroughly entranced and interested as was the case last evening. The part singing of the choir was such that it should put our best musical societies to the blush, especially when it is considered that every note and move is from memory. "The song of the vikings" was magnificently sung, and "Sweet flowers" was another excellent piece of evenly-balanced vocalisa. tion. The soloists were Miss M. Banger, who sang "A joyous 'life" (encored) and "The lover and the bird;" Miss M. Aston, whose soft, liquid, and bird-like notes were heard in Bishop's " Should he upbraid" (encored) and in the duet with Miss Wilson "Beautiful and true." Miss L. Wotton, beside a well-played violin solo, " The carnival of Venice," was encored for a pretty song by Smart," The lady of the Lea." Mr C. Bartlett, who has a sweet baritone voice, sang "The young brigade," gave a br ltiant solo on the piano, and assisted in a trio with a flute obligato. .During the interval exhibitions of reading, writing, and arithmetic were given by the blind pupils, and some exhibitions of their work, mats brushes, etc., with which the -atage was adorned, were examined by the audience after the entertainment, which 'closed with the vote of thanks to the chair -man. The final concert willbe given this "evening, and on Wednesday and Thursday next they will perform at Campbell Town. AT the Gospel Tent, St. John-street, last -'evening, Mr George Grove, of Victoria, ,continued his mission, when there was a large attendance. The lecturer preached from Acts xvi., 14, and gave an excellent and interesting address. To.night the miesion will be continued, commencing at eight o'clock. THE directors of the Emu Bay Butter Factory not being. satisfied with the manner of the manager, both as to arrang ing the plant and treating the milk, have cancelled his engagement, and his place has been taken by Mr J. J. Haines. This gentleman (remarks a Burnie exchange) has hbadl many years' experience• with the Welford Djicy Company of England,which is the largest milk supplying company in the world, and all their superfluous milk is turned into butter and cheese. Ir our description of- the Launceston Steam Laundry the name of the manager appeared as Mr C. W. Webb. It should have read Mr C. W. Willis. MI M. SrTAOCHOUS, secretary of the .Academy of Music, informs us he opere3a up negotiations on Saturday with Mr J. C. Williamson, who is at present in Hobart, 'relative to the Comic Opera Company ap pearing for a season in Launceston. In face of the heavy cost of transit by train -from the south, however, Mr Williamson -could not see his way clear to risk a trip to this city, so the negotiations fell through. IT is authoritatively reported (rays the \- Age) that the executive officers in charge of the "New Australia" colonisation scheme are in receipt of a cablegram from an agent in Buenos Ayres, South America, which is moat unfavourable so far as it relates to the character of the country on t he River Rio Negro, where an area of 450,000 acres was secured for the new -communal colony. The cablegram states that the country is too cold and very badly watered, and in other respects quite un suitable for colonisation. It is also officially stated that the project so far as the cclini. sation of this portion of the continent of S-outh America is concerned is to be abandoned, but agents in Buenos Ayres are now making enquiries respecting the country further north, near Uruguay, which, it is said, pr sents much more en ceodraging prospects for carrying the scheme to a successful issue. A.DEPUTvTION of local optionists inter viewed Sir George Dibba on Friday last arid advocated local option without com pensation. The Premier, in reply, said that the boast of the deputation that they had influenced three past elections was bordering upon intimidation. He admitted that the - question of local option was' a great-one, which would have to be taken in hand by Parliament sooner or later. As -soon as the course of public business per mitted Mr Kidd would be given an oppor tunity to introduce his bill, but he wished the deputation to understand that it would not be a Government bill. If local option iste moderated their demands they might have a better chance of obtaining the con cession sought. EVEOYBODY should know that the best value for cash-is obtainable at Marriott Bros., " The Tailors, William-street, next Terminus Hotel.-[Advt.] SBSonRIBERS to the Telephone Exohange are reminded thb-t rentals for the current year must be paid to-day. THE annual meeting of tubscribers to the cCimpbell Town Hospital will be be'd at the hlaeptal on Monday, February 6, at 3 p.m. Mn GEOausGE GRovE will preach the Gospel .every night this week in the tent, St. John str- et. THE ROy. -J. Wataford will conduct services at the Wesleyan Church, Patterson-street, this .afternoon and evening. TIss day of united mestinge'will oommence at 10:30 this morning, when the. Rev. 'J. :Mitchell will speak. The Rev. A. Bird will ,give an address at 3 p.m., and the 1ev. J. Wataford at 7'30 p.m. :DerAcILeD particulars of the train arrauge ,mente and fares for the Launceston roes next week are published elsewhere. A?r~ns Hair Vigour stimulates the hair to a ,vigorous growth. It contains all that can be ,supplied tom tke the hair beautiful and aban .dant, removes dandruff, and renders the hair fleoxible and glossy. 