CHAPTER VII. UNDHR LIGHT WORDS. A.nd in'that we have nobly striven at least, Heal with us nobly, women though we be/ And honour us with truth ii not with praise, The world's tnale'chivalry has peilshed out, But women are knight-errant lo the last. -Aurora Liigli. Pretty Miss Catherwood was crying! Not in wild grief, but very softly, aB though it were a flower she had lost, or some pet bird, like the fond, thoughtless child-woman she was. She eat upon the sands, just at the bend in the beach that shut her off from the hotel and pavilion and the bathers in the surf. Her small hands-veritable child's hands they looked with their soft fleEh and dimples -clasped about her knees, her feat patting rest- lessly the glittering particles under foot. She was looking out over the water, but it was little she saw, for those brimming tears upon her lashes blurred and dimmed the ships and the ocean and the delicate summer clouds upon the heavens. Her red lips were quivering with grief, but very kissable still, and, although weeping had somewhat flushed the delicate face, she was more fair than Aphrodite or Ariadne-said Lane Leland, discovering her, standing on the sandhill above her. " Sweetheart !" he said, going softly down to her and kneeling upon one knee at her side-they w<>ra alone-" what has happened that you are here like this, and so sad ' Let me share your sorrow, what- ever it may be, and so lighten it for you !" Like a startled child her black eyes were raised to his face, and then the hands were unclasped from around her knees and covered her fane, and in the first moment of companionship she sobbed very pitifully, her head upon his shoulder where he had drawn it. Then the woman conquering the child, she withdrew herself from his embrace, winking very hard and fast to shake the trace of tears from her lashes and smoothing her rumpled hair. I "It is BO very, very hard, this blow upon Mrs. Graham, Lane! She is so sweet and BO brave! I loved hex-I just could not help it, when she was was here ; and I think, I think she liked mc-a little ! I want to go to her, Lane, and comfort her, and let her know that I do care for her friendship ! She seemed to think that I would not care for it after that day." " Why not write to her ?" suggested Lane, gently, never quite certain of pleasing this small tyrant of his. " Then you can go to her when it is possible, Bess, dear !" But Miss Bess did not see it in that light. "That wouldn't do at all, Lane'" she protested poking the sand busily into a tiny heap with the too of one bcot. " I shall go to her this very day. The morning steamer has gone, I know, but Mr. Priestly will take me across in the Banjo-that was Tier favourite boat too, Lane-and I shall remain with Aunt Wright over night in the city. She will be glad to have me, in her loneliness. Poor, beau- tiful Mrs. Graham !" " And who will go with you to the city, Bess ?" /The great eyes turned upon him were the old saucy black eyes now. " As though I am incapable of travelling alone," she said, scornfully. " In the nineteenth century, too ! I scarcely think any bears will eat me, Sir Galahad!" "Well," said her lover, with a lover's foolish fondness, "yqu are sweet enough to eat, MÍSB Inde- pendence, and I will not alhw you to travel alone. Pray, where is your chaperon ?" "Mrs. Ellis ? She will remain here, of course, to welcome me upon my return, like the prodigal daughter, Blue Beard. I am going in at once to dress. I only came out here to have a little mourn bf f ore I started, and you must follow me oven here, Think of the whole long day of my absence and be vpry nice to me while I am here, Mr. Lane." " I shall think of nothing of the sort," he re- tel ted coolly. " I am going to the city myself this üir'ining to see Graham. The^eisroom enough in thp Banjo for au extra passenger, and Mrs. Ellis will give yon into my charge until I hand you over to Mrs. Graham. This blow npon them is very heavy. Who would have thonghtit of puch a man ? Solid as a brick, everybody said. Bat his wife has a fortune in her own right, yon know. That is better than total loss." It was Alecia's wish that no one except those obliged to know should learn of her loss of fortune ; and her husband, seeing that it was a heart wish, yielded to her. So even their most intimate friends did not know the extent of their reverses. Miss Catherwood was intrusted with many mes- sages of sympathy from those at the Surf Hotel who had known the Grahams even BO slightly as to be upon only speaking acquaintance. Every one liked the man and admired the woman-the two who had made many a happy day for them with their lavish money and kindly courtesy. The magnificent house on the Avenue was closed and the shades drawn down, no sign of life aboutit sa Miss Catherwood and Leland ascended the steps, not even at first receiving an an wer to their ring. " Perhaps they have gone away," said Bess, a pucker of perplexity between her brows. " If they have loBt everything, Lane, of course this lovely house must go, too. It jost makes me wish to cry, it is so wicked." Her lover would not allow even the ghost of a smile to stir his lips, though he was inwardly pon- dering the strange freaks of women-especially this woman- who aould be at once so childish and so womanly ; variable, in truth, as the winds of heaven. He was also thinking of the " lovely dresses and bonnets" which she had protested she envied, and her openly expressed vexation that this man, now a bankrupt, had not fallen in love with her small self instead of Alecia Field. But ho was growing wise, this lover of hers, and made no reply to her charming speech ; and presently they were admitted into the silent house, and Alecia came down to greet them, pale exceedingly, bnt very beautiful. She was gowned in a soft-gray cash- mere, that fell a bout her in bewildering folds, as though it loved her, the pale-blue silk trimmings and delicate lace setting off her sweetly proud face and waves of hair. " You are so beautiful always and so brave, dear, Mrs. Graham !" murmured spoiled Miss BesB, with her two hands holding the slender hand extended to her in welcome, while the violet eyes met the black eyes tenderly. " I could not stay away. And we are so sorry, all of us, about this. And the girls sent their love, and they cried-some of them ; and I don't know 7ioio to tell you that I am so sorry, sorry, sorry ! What are you, anyway, Mrs. Graham, that nothing spoils you or makes you cross ?" Alecia smiled kindly down into the black eyes of the little warm-hearted friend. Slit drew her with her down upon a sofa near Lane Leland, that he j Bhould be included at once in the conversation. " It is wonderfully kind of you all," she said, " to think of my husband and me at this time. It is an anxious time, of course. You would scarcely recognize my husband ; he is so worried about not being able to meet his liabilities that he frets him- self thin. But he is so thoughtful of me always," she added, swiftly, lost they wrong him for an instant, " and thinks more of my comfort than of anything." " He'd be just horrid if he didn't !" murmured Miss Bess, emphatically, wi£h a soft pat ort the hand sho held. " I don't believe even a bear would bite you, dear Mrs. Gcahatn," "Of course, Harold is not in, Mrs. Graham?" queried Leland, scarcely knowing what to say to this proud, self-contained woman. " I would like so much to see Tiim before I return to Fire Island." " Yes, Harold is out," said Alecia, softly. " I am never certain of his hours at home now, Mr. Leland. He will regret not seeing you. If you have time to come in later, he may have returned. One would not wish to miss a friend at this time of need, you know." How brilliantly she could smile still ! " He has placed his affairs with Mr. Claver- ing and given up everything to his creditors. Snrely, they can expect no more of him." " And, after all," said Bess, comfortingly, "there is your own fortune, Mrs Graham, It isn't as though you had nothing left. You have more money than I have even now." Not a muscle of Alecia's face changed to betray her. Her hands were steady under the soft fingers upon them, and her voice even when she spoke. " It is sweet of you to be so thoughtful," she said. " If only it all were over ! I dread this time more than later. We will leave the house at once. It is no longer ours, and we could not remain longer than necessary to make other arrangements. Afterward I think we shall leave the city. It will be best to go away, you know. My husband has been under such severe trial that he will m ed the change." "And you?" queried Miss Catherwood, softly. " You must think of yourself sometimes, Mrs. Grah-tm." A slow colour deepened in Mrs. Graham's face. " As every one thinks oí me, she said, " and for me, what need is there for me to think of myself, Miss Catherwood ? And among thoso friends who do think of us is Mr. Bensonhurst. He is untiring in his efforts to cheer Harold and to keep from him any unpleasantness in his power. I will frankly acknowledge my failing and say that I did not believe there was so much good in him, Mr. Leland." " A fellow couldn't help being the best he knew how for you and your husband, you know !" said Leland, impulsively. " Still, there is more in Gre- gory Beneonhurst than one would believe until one knows him. I know him. He is solid right through, if he is somewhat given to taking life easy, Mrs. Graham." " Yes," said Alecia, gravely. " We have found him true indeed, Mr. Leland." Then she asked after Mr. Earle's recovery from the effects of the wreck as quietly and interestedly as though he were their warmest friend, and turned the conversation to general topics, and was her bright, calm, beautiful self as though, Miss Cather- wood thought wonderingly-as though nothing wrong had come upon them. And by and by Lane Leland took his leave ; but Miss Catherwood remained with her friend at her request. So the days went by, some of them dragging heavily, some all tco swift, through the remainder of the summer ; and it was autumn weather before the affairs of Harold Graham were settled enough to admit of his leaving the city to open a new» life in a new field. After Alecia's vain attempt to bring about some adjustment of the affair, the case was tried, and she was closely examuned to discover, if possible, whether or not there remained some means where- by the creditor, Palmer Earle, should receive his due. For four weary hours she waa held in the witness stand. For four interminable hours these men araued to prove that Harold Graham had not given up all that he could and should to meet the demand against him. And what did they prove ? That her fortune was gonó with her husband's ; that nothing was with- held save her diamonds, and those her exclusive property ; and besides this nothing did they prove save how true and noble was Alecia, Harold Graham's wife, though not a shadow of softness or yielding was granted her by John Winthrop, counsel for Palmer Earle ; not a shadow of burning I even when he discovered that there remained no for- tune of herB to be yielded to her husband's creditors ; even though he knew that the handsome house upon the Avenue belonging to her was given np to meet, so far as it might/these heavy demands. Nothing moved him, for down inhis heart he was straggling to yield, and his will would not ; for he believed it weakness because of a woman's face, and would be injustice to his client. Alecia's mother and sisters were upon the Con- tinent at the time of her husband's failure, and learned the startling news through the columns of the papers only, for Alecia kept any mention of it from her letters ; and they started for home as soon as arrangements could be hurried ¡ for in her home she was the sunshine as well as iu the world, and those nearest and dearest would save her unplea sentness or harm, so far as lay in human power. She had wished them to remain away until the worst was over, for she knew that her presence would increase her proud husband's humiliation ; but, being a woman, and loving and craving sympathy, brave as she tried to be, she could not foil to feel a sense of rest and strength in the circle of home love that cSme with them. No word of reproach waa spoken of her husband's carelessness in this unfortunate investment that had lost a princely fortune ; no word was uttered among them eave perfect love and regret and encourage- ment. Harold Graham had too long been to them an ideal honorable man for them to ques- tion his integrity. Mrs. Field insisted upon their remaining at her house, and admitted no denial when Harold urged objectioas ; and from the ? mother to Beatrice, the younges* of the family, they all-Marion and Cora and Frances-gave only good cheer to this favourite sister and her husband. " I hate that lawyer of Mr. Earle's I" cried Beatrice, with flushing cheeks and sparkling eyes. "He is the only one who is so hard upon Harold. The others are willing to give him time to retrieve himself, but this John Winthrop-I've got his name by heart, I assure you, for I'll not forget bim if he time comes to remember -- is like adamant, and urges Mr. Earle to the very last extremity, and is so generally hateful that I wish I could tell him what I think of him ! Maybe he isn't used to hear- ing the truth, but he'd hear it tuen !" " Which would utterly crush him, of course !" said Marion, ironically. " Even if it hasn't done so yet, for I met him just now and ho still trod the street, like a veritable Prince of the Stony Hearts, Miss Bee," said a laughing voice at the door, as the footman announced " Mr. Gregory Bensonhumt," (To be continued.) 