SYDNEY AND SUBURBAN M. P. B. L. AND I. ASSOCIATION. A REARRANGEMENT. By order of tho Chief Judge in Equity a meeting of depositors in the Sydney and Suburban Mutual Permanent Building Land and Investment Association, Limited, was hold in the Y.M.C. A. -hall last night, for the purpose of considering the proposed arrange ment between the association and its ercdi- tors. Mr. Thomas Davis, chairman of directors, presided by order of the Court. There was a good attendance, 90 persons, whose deposits total £54,50'!-, being repre sented either in person or by proxy. The Chairman said that the directors and manager regrutLed that it had been necessary to call depositors together again, but it bad become so owing to circumstances over which they had no control. (Cheers.) The main cause was the suspension of payment by the E.S. and A.C. Bank, w hich was the bank of tho association, and had been ever since its inception. Finding they were debarred from carrying on their business, no other course was open to tho directors but the present one. They had an over draft at the bank of £7500, but the arrangement by which they carried on their business with the bank gave them a right to ail overdraft of some £20,000. They would see, therefore, that the company was de barred from the use of £12,500. So far as the bank was concerned, during the troublous times through which public companies bad passed within tho hist two years, it had be haved splendidly towards the association. ("Hear, hear.") Then, again, the stoppage of other banks, particularly of one, prevented the payment to the association by certain mortgagot s of something like £10, 000 — within, say, three months. Since the arrangement with depositors in January last, every pro mise then made had been kept. On January 18, the date of tho meeting mentioned, they owed depositors £103,178, whereas at the present moment they were only indebted under that arrangement in the sum of £85,325, the amount paid off since January, 1892, having been £17,853. (Applause.) At that time they owed the bank £18,544. That day their overdraft was only £7500, so that, besides paying depositors the sum men tioned, they had paid oil at the hunk £11,044. (" Hear, hear.") That would show that the arrangement made in January last had been faithfully carried out so far as the directors were concerned. ("Hear, hear.') .Since then two balance-sheets had been issued, from which it would be seen that, in order that there should be no misstatement, or over- statements, of the values of pro perties, the directors went through every asset of the company, and wrote oil' in the1 aggregate £43,578. (Applause.) That amount had, of course, been reduced iu the meantime by ordinary prolils in trading to the extent of £6419. it need scarcely be said that nu dividends had been paid ; on the contrary, shareholders had contributed by usual calls to the increase of the paidup capital to the extent of £2700. He had ex plained those facts with a view of assuring them, that as far as the company was con cerned, it was in quite as good a position as ever. (" Hear, hear.") He would go further and say that there was not the ghost of a chance of any depositor in the company los ing a penny. (Applause.) The directors were determined that the depositors should not only be paid the principal they had deposited with the company for investment, but the 6 per cent, also which the company bad covenanted to give them. In the arrange ment proposed that night interest would be paid half-yearly. (4< Hear, hear.") It would no noticed that it was asked that those who had current accounts with them at the pre sent time — savings bank accounts and new deposits — should not come under the new arrangement-. The volume of new business in fresh deposits had amounted in the aggregate to £14,223, which was in itself sullieient to show a fair return of public coutidcnce. (4t Hear, hear.") Ho would now propose that the following arrangement be accepted — 1\. That all depositors who luive nob already re ceived payment of the th'sl instalment of tho do- posits, in accordance with the arrangement herein before sanctioned, shall have payment of the same deferred for one year from the respective dates 011 which such instalment would have been payable under such arrangement. 2\. That the remaining three- fourths of all deposits shall, instead of being payable iu terms of such arrangement, he payable in live annual equal sums, due at two, three, four, five, and six years from Urn respective due dates of first instalment; under pre- vious arrangement. 3\. That interest on the principal sums from time to time remaining due to depositors shall he paid half-yearly, at the rate of £6 per centum pur annum. '1. That should the directors deem it expedient, they may at any time pay olf all or any deposits in whole or iu part, (in such terms as the depositors may accept. 5\. That this rearrangement shall 110b apply to thu savings bank accounts, or deposits received since March 7, 1S92. A Depositor thought clause 4 placed in the bands of directors a dangerous power. lie did not mean tho present directors, in whom lie had the fullest confidence— (4I bear, bear ") —but what guarantee luul they that tliey would continue to hold their positions? Mr. Duckhr seconded the motion for the adoption of the arrangement .submitted by the directors, und asked what was the amount of the surplus of assets over lia bilities? The Chairman : The real surplus, accord ing to tlic last sworn returns, was £91,697. Mr. DucKKK: Is that after the second re duction in value ? The Chairman : Yes. Mr. DtrcKKii: Will there be continuous payment of interest upon deposits ? The Chairman : Yes, half-yearly. ("Hear hear.") He would like to explain, too, that clause 4 was of vital interest to tho com pany, and also to the depositors. The pre sent hoard were amongst the largest share holders, and were very desirous, for their own credit's sake, that everyone of their liabilities should be met, and not one of them would voluntarily leave their posts until tho depositors were paid. ("Hear, hear.") But supposing they did, the de positors had the £91,000 surplus assets over liabilities in their favor. (' Hear, hear.") In the future they might have to alter the con stitution of the company's business, in order to place it in- the position of a building society pure and simple. (Applause.) To do that they must retain in their hands power to get money 011 debentures, or by any other means, and if necessary be able to say to depositors 44 If ynu like yuu may have your money." ("Hear, hear.") After a little further discussion, the reso lution for tho adoption of the arrangement was carried unanimously and amid up- plftllSO. A vote of confidence in the directors ana management was carried with equal nuani- mity. _ 