[?] [?] 1 1 Twelfth Fight I Tragedy. j I :o: h ES THREE PARIS. AUthorS " w OLD AA© AKW // By <? y ALYS PHILPOTT, ' Author of 44 Her Little Episodes,'' 44 A Bunch of Violets," 4 Two Xtnas Eyes," etc. Scene — A natural arbor In a private wood. Time — Pour o'clock on the afternoon of an Ancmst clay. Dbamatis Psbson&k; — A betufclful girl and two men. The girl looks frightened and appealing. Of the two men one stands in a threatening attitude, with a fierce gleam In his eyes ; the face of the other wears an ex pression half-triumphant, half-sad. This fecial expression is the only discernible dif ference between the two men. m There could be no mistake about it, they were wonderfully alike. Hair, eyes, com plexion, figure, carriage even were identical, and as their own mother had more than once mistaken the one for the other, anyone else might be forgiven for doing the same thing. 44 Small wonder !' said their old nurse once to one of the many persons who remarked on the likeness. " They were barn on Twelfth Night, and all Twelfth Night children are alike ; if the faces aren't the same, their souls are. And would jou have twin's faces unlike each other ?" Still, it was confusin? and when the boys grow older and went to Harrow the likeness was a constant source of amusement and bother to everyone. The fellows never knew which was which, and the mistakes reached a culminating point when Lawrence was caned for a fault of Harry's 44 I don't wonder at your making the mis take," said the wife of the head master when later on, he somehow found out or was told of his mistake. " I never saw snch a mar vellous likeness .before, ana when I think of how I have several times heard them say the same thing at the same moment, I feel inclined to believe there is some occult metaphysical tie between them. They are like dissevered Siamese Twine." 44 I can't say I quite agree with you," re plied the doctor driiy. 44 1 see one striking difference between the Masereenes. While it is part and parcel of Lawrence's nature to suffer quietly for his brother's fault, you will never find Harry doing anything of the kind for Lawrence. And if you look well into their faces, yon will see that the ex pression is correspondingly different." As the doctor had suffered somewhat from tha practical joke of which Harry bad been the ringleader, it was but natural that he shoull take this view of the matter — or so his wife thought. She was a clever, far- seeing woman and had observed the boys closely so felt justified in sticking to her own opinion. 44 1 think we had better enter at different colleges," said Lawrence, when the uncle, who was their guardian — their parents had been dead for some years — decided they should both go to Cambridge. 44 We can see almost as msoh-of each other, and having different houses, wiB D6 of distinction for us, and proven' confusion." 44 Not a bit of it," replied Harry. 4 4 It's the confusion that makes the fan. Let's stick to each other through thick and thin, do the same things always, live with each other, and confuse people as much as we can. It will be no end of fun." Aad they did manage to get a good deal of fun ont of the two or three years that changed them from boys to men, and the mistakes kept occurring almost as often as bsfvr-- Not quite, however, for though the faces of the men alike 8 those of the boys had been, their development 6i character had given each countenance its own particular distinguLhing character istics. Harry had inherited the daring, deter mined, fiery temper of his soldier father he was 44 sudden and quick in quarrel, " and never forgot an injury Or slight. Lawrence had more of the easy-going Irish tempera ment, was generous to a fault, and just a little inclined to be swayed by circum stances. It was but natural that Hany should take the lead in most things, land he did. Both brothers were great favorities, and led a jolly, comparatively uneventfcllife till — they found thai didn't do to always do exactly the Same thing as each oiLsr 1 No, there wasn't inuoh 44 fun aLeut it when they both fell in love with Tom Norths pretty sister. It became a veiy serious matter indeed, when each discovered that the other shared the feeling, and that it was no fancy either — that Muriel North was their one, their only love. Whether she mixed them up in her miufi. and ccc ielonally mistook Lawrence for Harry and vice versa, it is difficult to decide ; this fact remains that she seemed to give equal en couragement to both, and both hearts were equally set on her. The first sign that the brothers gave each other of their serious feelings was, that from talking a great deal about tor, they began to ignore any mention of her name. It was not long before this silence affected other subjects too, and instead of talking freely to other on all and every subiecV they seemed asaEbftr taJftik about anything but matters concerning theOvSTdty routine of life. Anfi gradually, bnt surely, a coldneas sprang np between them. . As the days went by, relations grew more sfaafeed tiUit beoanm alim)st unbea»ble. Alt last the crisis came. "Hal," said Lawrence one night when they had returned from a dance where Muriel, looking 44 like an angel" in her floating white robeB, had been the queen of the even ing, "Hal, I can't bear this any longer! Though we have said nothing about it, you know as well as I that we both love the same woman. It is nobody's fault that it is so, but it is a great misfortune, and before we settle anything definitely I _ want yon to tell me candidly what your feelings in the matter are." For a minute Harry was silent. Then he raised his head and looked his brother full in the face. 44 She is the only woman in tha world for me," he said slowly ; 44 and I mean to marry her." 44 That is for her to decide," said the other, warmly, his already strained tctfipef finding vent in a little bitterness caused by the way in which his words were taken. 4 1 might say the same thing, bnt the saying of it wouldn't bring it to pass." 44 Not only do I say it" — there was a gleam in Harry's eyes as he spoke — 44 but I swear that she shall marry me or no one !" 44 She herself shall decide that," repeated Lawrence quietly, the paler of his face show ing how deeply his brother's words hadmoved him. 41 And so she shall," said Harry, with con fidence. It- has always been a case of veni, vidi, vici with him, and why should it be otherwise now? 44 1 mean to speak to her on the first opportunity that presents itself." It was Lawrence's turn to be siient for a little while now. For a minute he held communion with himself ; then his face brightened. 44 So be it," be said at last. 44 And if she loves you, I wish you every happiness from the bottom of my heart. Shake hands, old fellow." Harry took the proffered hand, bat there was no smile on his face, nor yet did he make any reply to his brother's candid words. When a man of his disposition sets his heart on anything, till that thing is gained or lost there is nothing else in the world for him. But before the coveted opportunity came, something of great importance happened. .The day after this conversation, a telegram arrived summoning the brothers to the bed side of their ancle ; he had had an apoplectic seizure jfind was dangerously ill. Hastily they made their preparations, and within an hour of the reception of the message were speeding as fast as rail and ..water conld carry them to the far weBt of Ireland. But their haste was of no avail. Death was swifter than they, and it was a house of mourning they reached at the end of their journey. Their uccle had not spoken since his seizure, and Ml that was left for them to do was to follow him to the grave. There was the rrdhigpf the will to he listened to, too, but. neither ot uieEi hought much about that. Though the property was nocfcStsilei and nothing definite had been said to them about it, they were quite sure they were co heirs to their uncle's estate. But on this point they found they were mistaken. Without giving any reason for the division, or saying anything about it beyond the mere statement of the hare fact, the dead man, with the exception oi a oouple of hundreds a year for Harry, had left every thing for Lawrence. True, he was the elder of the two, but this did not warrant the dis tinction, and Lawrence's anger and disgust knew turhesnds- 44 It's scandalous d" he said angrily, when he had digested the news. " .Whatever he did it for, I oan't imagine. Theresa hher rhyme nor reason in it. He knew we always went share and share alike in everything."' 44 Perhaps he thought we should do better apart for the future," said Harry, a little bitterly. He had a fair little income of his : oWn b-eei&es; this o6W legacy And did not care much for money, but, naturally, at heart he felt hurt beyond measure at what seemed to him a slight. 44 Then he made a mistake," exclaimed : Lawrence, hotly. % u Of course, we shall do . ab we always have done. We will share the income, and not only is „the place as much yours as mine? but you sh&ti; take the reins of government in your hands. I shall have ' deeds drawn up to that effect at once.'' But Harry would not listen to any arrange- ment of the kind. If the uncle had wished him to have anything to do with the place, he \ himself would have eo arranged it. After a great deal of talk and argument, Lawrence | saw it was useless to press his schema further, and a sentence of his brother's showed him j that after all perhaps it was Best that they i should part for at least a time. J Harry had thanked him cordially for his | generous offer. ' " Besides," he added, mean- i ingly, after urging his adventurous disposi- 1 tion, his dislike of a settled life, and hatred , of 44 the daft routine of landlordism." 44 Be- \ sides, there is Muriel J As I told you before, \ I mean to speak to his on the first oppor- I inanity." | i The opportunity has come at last, and we Ihave arrived at the scene in the wood. There, I ©nelovety August afternoon, almost directly Rafter lie returned to Cambridge, Harry characteristically bold, "manly way, puts his fete to the test. y ' -But, alas for his hopes ! Poor Harry ! Kindly but firmly, she tells him- she has no : feeling for him fat that she has for other friends, aud it is in vain that heargies and pleads. She will not even give him 44 the ray of hope for the future," for which he begs, and at last, in desperation, he asks if she loves anyone else. / . Then her face tells its own tale. ' The idea andrtonghtethis confirmation of his uew-boni suspicions raise in his breast, together 'with the"' disappointment of his dearest hogesj awfckes all of the tiger itftadormijnt. in the breast of Harry Masereene. Forgetful of all save the frustra tion of all hi« plans for future happiness, hot words rise to his lips, and calling her 44 Flirt !" 44 Coquette !" he walks quickly away. Five minutes later Lawrence Masereene, who is strolling meditatively through the wood, his thoughts intent on what the next few days will bring forth, stops near the arbor, his footsteps arrested by the sound of a sob. He looks in, and sees the girl he loves in tears — in great distress. It is too much for him, and in less than two minutes, not only are the tears dried, bnt she ban confessed her love for him, and is in his arms. While in this position, a sound makes them raise their heads. Before them stands Harry, his face white and drawn, his eyes wild and fierce. He has already repented his angry words, and has come back to say so, and beg forgiveness. And he comes back to find this For a minute the brothers stare silently into each other's eyes, and then a dark flush rushes over Harry's pale face. 44 You shall never marry her !" he cries, wildly. 4 4 Never! I swear it!" He turns and is quickly lost to sight. And tbey see him no more till PART II. It is Twelfth Night, and the good old- fashioned festival is being kept up in right merry style in many places in the United Kingdom. But nowhere is it being celebrated with more mirth and merriment ihan at Haughlin Hall, the place where Lawrence Masereene and iiis pretty young wife reign. The old house is full of guests, and mirth and merriment reign supreme. 44 There is only one thing I would have altered," says Lawrence io his wife, early in the day, 4 4 and then my contentment would be complete. I wish Harry were here. The dear old fellow would be the life and eoul of us all." 14 Harry here !" exclaimed Muriel in sur- pris?. 44 Oh, Lawrence, have you forgotten your parting?" 44 Not literally ; unfortunately, one can't altogether forgeta scene of that kind. - But I sympathise quite deeply enough with the poor old boy, to practically foreet it. I expect he feels just the same himself, and any day bow I should not be surprised to hear he is coming home," The prospect does cot seem to afford Muriel the pleasure it gives her husband. 44 1 cannot forget his face when he said you should never marry me, she says, with a little shiver, 44 that look haunts me, and the thought that I was the cause of it all often makes me sad." 4 4 Silly child!" he says fondly, 44 you couldn't help us both loving you, could you? And as to what he said, wasn't it natural that he should express himself strongly under such a disappointment? With his fiery- temper and hasty tongue, my only wonder is that he didn't say something much worse, i Poor old boy ! But he was always so ready to forgive — where I was concerned, at all events — and has forgotten all about it by now, I expeefc." 44 1 wonder why he do3en't write and tell us where he is," she says, a little comforted by her husband's words. 44 I can't qnice make it out," he replies, thoughtfully. 44 Perhaps he is a little ashamed of his temper, aad thinks we have not forgotten it ; just as if we should bear a gnrdge— absurd .! . Why" — drawing her oloserto him—1 "I believe I would forgive anything where you are concerned, my darling." And then the conversation turns to a more personal channel, and .Harry is forgotten again for a time. Indeed, there has not been muoh time for thinking of him at all since the day of the quarrel. As soon after the uncle's death as decency would permit, Lawrence and Muriel were married, and a prolonged and blissful honeymoon came to an end but a month ago. Since then there have been many other matters to Maim his thoughts and attention. Jis uncle had been notoriously eccentric, but thair£-Lj; sune man conld have so utterly mismanaged his was a perpetual source of wonder to those who-x&7\. looked into these affairs. The property had Been shamefully neglected, the tenants had been allowed to doexaotly as they liked, and every thing was generally upside down. Now ids marriage had awakened a good many- hitherto dormant and unsuspected qualities in Lawrence, and he not only said, but proved by his actions that he meant to be a 44 model landed proprietor." r The first thing he did was togetrid)»f j&a; old, worse ihan useless, servants, and engage a com pletely new » and pah a? good steward at the head pi affairs,, and himself personally over-looking matters, he was just beginning to feel'his way to new and healthier morula and manners. Already the tumble-down huts had been patched up ; the plans for new cottages were advanced in preparation; sanitary matters were being closely looked into— and indeed they needed it— and rent was asked of those who lived on his property. Of coarse, it was wnly natural that the tenants should resent this brutal tyranny, and many of them gave their landlord a great deal of trouble, but Lawrence wisely ignored all the grumbles and growls around him, and calmly went on his way rejoicing in the strength of satisfied hopes and ambitions. This morning, however, heieelB just a little inclined to grumble at his position. A business letter is in the post-bag, and after reading it, it is with nojittle disgust he announces that business will oarry him away this morning to a town some twelve miles distant. . ' " . . 44 Of coarse, you will be back long before ball-time comes on," says a pretty girl who is to make her debut at the ball her hoBt is giving this evening. . "He will be bade in time for some skating this afternoon, I hope," says Muriel, smiling a little appeal to him. 44 1 really don't know," he replies. 44 There is no need for me to say I shall be back as soon as ever I can — in time for some skating, I hope. In case, though, it is late in the afternoon before I return, I leave you master of the ice revels, Dwarris, and shall hold you responsible for any liveB that are lost by drowning." „ 44 No fear of my shoulders growing bent, or my hair turning white under that respon sibility," laughs the youug man who owns the name of Dwarris. 44 It would require a good deal of genius and certainly more strength than any of us possess to make a hole in the ice to-day. But I hope you will be there to test it yourself." 44 Muriel," says Lawrence a tittle later when his horse is brought round, 44 it's rather . funny, but I can't get rid of an idea that old TTrI ig coming back to-day. If he does come — and I feel sure he will — of course, yon will treat him as if nothing has happened 7" 44 Of course, I shall," she replies. 4 4 He 44 He shall come — home." 44 Good-bye, then, my darting— I hope to be back by three." And with a lover-like embrace, he goes. But his words about Harry remain iu Muriel's mind. She, too, has been thinking a good deal about the wanderer all that and the preceding day, wondering where he was, and when they should see him again, and how tbey would meet. Indeed, so far does her husband's presentiment fit in with one of her own, she feels sure all these wonder- f ings will be at rest to-day. 44 Morris," she says to the maid who helps her on with her furs after lunch, 44 if a Mr Masereene — your master's brother — should come this afternoon while I am out, tell James to bring him down to the Jake to me at once." But the afternoon wears on, and neither of the Mr Masereenes put in an appearance at the lake. Meanwhile the merry party has a very good time of it, and when the short day closes and torches and coffee are brought on the ice, the fun waxes fast and furious. At last, however, it is time to go back and dress for dinner. 44 We shall find Lawrence there, too,' ' says Mrs Masereene to Dwarris, as he takes her skates off. 44 Yes, I expect we shall. It really was too bad that he should be taken away like this." 4 4 Ah, business is business, you see, and must be attended to," says Muriel, sagely, airing with much gravity the only thing she knows about it. 44 And the sense oi duty performed will make him enjoy the ball all the more this evening, eh?" laughs Dwarris. Muriel laughs, too, but her steps hasten as she gets near home; and a pang of disap pointment makes itself felt when she finds that her man of business has not yet re turned. But it is time to dress, and her elaborate toilette requires some eare and thought. Not enough, however, to prevent a tittle anxiety creeping into her thoughts as the minutes wear on and bring no Lawrence with them. The business was not so very important after all, and why need it keep hira so late on this, of all nights ? And the roads are very lonely and dark, and he is alone — - But these thoughts are unbearable, and silly, too! She will not encourage such ridiculous ideas ; and her face, at all events, betrays no shade of the feeling when she takes her place at the head of the table, opposite an empty chair. 44 He will ba here in a few minutes now," she says, smilingly, in answer to the inquiries that go round. 44 1 have prepared a tremendous scolding for him foi his tardi ness, too." But it looks as if the scolding will have to be deferred till to-morrow, for dinner is over, and the house pexty in the ball-room, and there is no sign of Lawrence. Poor Muriel begins to get very anxious now. This is their first effort in the way of hospitality ; over two hundred guests have been hidden to the dance, and is 'she to receive them all alone? Tbe prospect seems terrible, and the horrible thought that some thing very muoh worse than business is keeping him, grows stronger and stronger with every tick ot the clock. 41 Oh, there he is !" she cries, as there is a distinct sound of arrival. And forgetful of all dignity, she runs to greet him. But it is only the first arrival, and she has to walk soberly back and do the honors alone. And now Ml becomes hustle and move ment. The frou-frou of silken gowns, the tap-tap of high heels, the sahdued murmur of voices and chorus of greetings grow in Tolumfi with every minute ; the musicians tune tlp Jnally begin to play ; and still the host is misBig . _ But Muriel bears up bravetyi The float ing white robes of her girlishd&ys; h&vejtiv;&L; place to the rich silk of her wedding gown, and, if anything, ehe looks lovelier than on the night that her husband and his brother first quarrelled about her. Excitement and anxiety have brought an exquisite color to her cheeks, her eyes shine like stars, and her beauty and grace make her the cynosure of all eyes, the topio on evexy tongue. Except for the restless glitter in her eye, no one could guess by anything about her of the heartache, the misery she feels ; calmly and even gaily she greets her guests, telling them with a smile that her poor hard-worked husband will be here direotly to apologise for himself. An hour ago she secretly despatched ser vants to meet him, and snrely, surely, she thinks in an inward agony, he will be herein a minute! So, the lovlieBt of all the women present, she joins the dancers, and later on the strains of 44 Love's Dreamland" bring . Dwarris to her side. 44 Come in here," she says in a low tope, motioning him to a conservatory. " I can not dance any more. He has not oome yet — what shall T do — what keep bitty f" \ 44 Boaineas keeps him, of course," he re< plies, soothingly. 4He most fee m|me direotly — pernios even now aejia dressing crarhto scolding Joasto have it ready tor himf" "No! no!" she cries, pushing the hair from her forehead. 44 1 am desperately in earnest. I cannot fell you how alarmed, how terrified 1 am. Something must have happenedio him ! What can it he ? Where isbef' Soothing words were evidently of no avail, dhsre is more than a shade of anxiety in Dwaxris's eyes as he listens to her words. It does look strange, awfully queer. And she is quite justified in her alarm. 44 I'll tell you what I will do," he says, after a moment's thought. "I'll go myself to meet him and hurry him on." With no thought but that tor her husband, Muriel accepts the offer, and Dwarris quietly and swiftly leaves the ball-room to set out on his errand of discovery. But it is au errand on which he never goes. A minute later a tremendous peal of the hell reverberates through the hall. Then another ! And another ! Then into that gaily-decorated place, amid the strains of joyous music and the scent of rare flowers, where all is light, and mirth, and laughter, walk four men bearing A stretcher ! Instantly, horror becomes written on every face of those who are seeking coolness in the hail, and as a wave of terrified, transfixed silence rushes over them, a radiant white form runs into the midst of it all. It is Mnriei. In one second she takes in the scene before her — the dread hush, the horrified faces, and the four rough men with their burden. Ashy pale grows her face aswifh trembling limbs, she walks over to the men and draws aside the coarse covering that hides the quiet form they carry. One glance at the still, white face with a ghastly streak of blood across it is enough. He is dead ! Murdered ! With, a wild cry, she falls like a dead woman by his side. PART III. Place — A Court of Justice. Scene — Two men being tried for the murder of Lawrence Masereene. That it had been murder there could be no doubt. Poor Masereene had been detained in B&ily-; Haughlin till the afternoon, and had then declared his intention of hurrying home. He was last seen alive by a friend past whom he had ridden on his homeward road, and some five hours later his body was found in a dry ditch about mid- way between Bally -Haughlin and the Hall. He was quite dead — had evidently been so for some time, and had been shot through the head and lungs. The morning after that dreadful Twelfth Night his wife was iu a raging fever, and in little more than a week, the poor child — she was only nineteen — was laid beside he if husband in the family vault. So a double murder was laid at the door of the unknown assassin. And the burning question that agitated every mind for miles round was — who had done the dreadful deed ? For a time nothing could be discovered ; but at last questions of possible motives, conjectures and inquiries, resulted in sus picion becoming attached to two brothers of the name of O'Grady. One of them was a desperate character who lived by poaching and theft, and had a. hnt two or three miiee from the scene of the murder. The other was one of the servants who had lived at the Hall under the old master, but bad been dismissed as dishonest by the new one. While he lived at the Hall he had avowedly had nothing to do with his brother ; since he left there the two had lived together— none knew how. Hie chief evidence against tihem was given by a farmer, who told how, passing along the road at dusk and getting near the place where the body was afterwards foand, he had observed two figures lurking in the hedge. Then a man sprang forward and tried to stop his horse, bnt his animal, a net- tlesome colt, quickly galloped past them. He conld almost swear the man was one oi the Q'Gradys. A gunsmith deposed te selling a revolver to the elder man a month ago. Some spots of Mood were found on a Bhirt belonging to them. The elder man had been heard te utter threats against Mr Masereene, who was down on all such characters, and had threatened to nave him imprisoned. On the part of the younger, desired revenge for his dismissal was. brought forward as a possible motive. The evidence was considered strong enough to bring about the arrest of the two, and eventually they were committed foi trial. Hie romanoe of it all — happening in snob a way and at such a time, and wrecking so utterly two such promising young lives, touched the hearts of the most callous hearers, and leaving sensation ont of the question, the general mourning for the terrible death Of the gay, handsome young fellow and his beautiful gkl-wffe, whs heart-felt aad wide spread. So, naturally the greatest exoite- ment-prgyailed, and as the time for the trial came on, uoao5eeined able to think or talk of anything bat Tha Twelfth Night Tragedy," as the papers ealledii. Under the influence of a rumor that Sprang up and rushed like wild-fire, +.biB excitement grew to fever-heat. Somehow — no one ex actly knew how— a report got about that the brother of the murdered man had committed the deed! Whether the delirious ravings of the poor dead wife, her wild talk about Harry's fieice eyes and 44 he said you never should marry me, and now he has a knife, and look ! look ! he is trying to stab you— oh, save me ! save me, Lawrence ! Oh don't Mil I&wrence;, it is not his fault that I love him instead of you. Oh, Save me ! save me !"— Whether this, with the further confirmation of the maid's story .of how her mistress had said Mr Masereene was expected that afternoon, was at the root of it ; or whether some idle tales about the quarrel the brothers had about North, and how Harry had been deprived of both his, Jove and inheritance by his brother, took shapeandgrew into distorted life, was never knqum. Butit feas wfepeneflbout that. Bartywaseuspeotedof the mur&er;, and at last there wete whfe who— in his absence— aeolMod bomyH! Maaewenebad meraatooawbi1 at Uat tte asato- flay came, and as fee trial (fee fire 33 nrooeeded, and it was seen that nothmg £5m be proved against the prisoners, the Possibility, nay, probability of Hatiy Matereene being the murderer is openly JBked of. As soon as these men are acquitted and. of course, they will be acquitted— they #m make a search for and find the real firiminal— that is certain. So say moat of the people in court, and the defence for the Prisoners confirm their ideas. Ably and eloquently the defenoe is made, flBd it is with something of triumph that the Lung solicitor makes his points and turns suspicion. Suppose the elder man had uttered i threat ag» " t deceased— did not all of us, hinder the it 'oce of passion, say words we did not me a: and that we repented of as soon he uttered. And might it not be expected feat this rough, untutored man should use Itronirer words than a gently-nurtured one would ? No one could prove that the O'Gradys has been anywhere but In their hut on the after- boon and evening of Twelfth Day, and as for the blood- stain on the shirt, was there anything criminal in a man outting his hand had accidentally staining his garments with his own blocdf As for buying a revolver, what was more natural than that a man living alone in a wild, solitary place should like to have fee protec'ion of firearms near him ? And if the O'Gracye had used one on the night of the twelfth day — and one had been used — where was it ? Hts clients had lost their's a day or two after purchasing it. There is a sound of movement in court — a gtir — and — " It is a lie!" shouts a deep voice, fiercely. The words create a profound sensation, and all eyes are instantly turned to the spot from whence the sound comes. "It is a lie!' repeats the voice, sternly. "The revolver is in the thatch of an old barn, near the place where yen murdered Lawrence Masereene, and where you vour- eelf hid it." In common with everyone else the prisoners have turned to the speaker of these momentous words. One glanoe at the man who accuses them is enough. A change comes over their stolid faces, and with a yell of terror — "Oh, God!" the elder man falls fainting to the ground. There, to all appearances, stands the ghost of the murdered man pointing at him with Outstretched arm. Tbe excitement is terrific. People stand, up, women shriek and faint, all cries of order are disregarded, and the judge is almost the only calm person in the building. " Who are you, and by what right do you interrupt the court in this manner ?" he says loudly, in a stern voice. "Iam Lawrence Masereene's brother, and am sent here by God to sub tain the charge of murder against these men," replied Harry — for it is he— his face set, his eyes blazing. " I left India becanse of a dream I had on Twelfth Night, and have come straight here to avenge my brother's death." This remarkable statement still further increases the exoitement, but intense curiosity prevails for a time over fear and wonder, and a dead eilence takes the place of the tumult that greeted the appearance of this strange witness — a silence that grows when the judge sanctions the telling of the tale of this wonderful dream. Loud and clear rings out Harry's voice as he tells a tale that runs something like this : " Oa Twelfth Night I dreamt that I was with my brother in a room of the inn at Bally -Haughlin, a place in whioh I had been once before. He was engaged on business matters with Mr Rigg, his solicitor, but left in the afternoon, saying he must hasten home. Passing through the market he spoke to three or four men there, and then rode quickly towards the main road. " Although I could see and hear all that passed around me, I felt sure it was not my bodily presence that thus accompanied him, but my shadow or spiritual presence, for he seemed quite unconscious that I was near him. I felt that my being thus present be tokened some hideous hidden danger whioh he was destined to meet, and which my presence could notavert, for Ieould not speak to warn him of his peril. He rode briskly along, humming a3 he went, and called out 'good evening' to some man we met. I had never teen along that road before, and do not remember noticing anything about it till we came to a hill, the descent of which ' brought us to a dark valley. "It was now dark, and although I had so far peen nothing to warrant my anxiety, I felt more certain than ever that death was awaiting my brother There were high and well- wooded hills on either side of the valley, tod when we reached a part where occasional trees on each side of the road obscured what little light there was, my apprehension in creased, till I was in & perfect frenzy, franti- caLy desirous, yet quite unable to prevent his going further. Suddenly I became aware that there were two dark forms lurking be neath the hedge, and I knew that my brother's hour had come. , 60 A was. Tha man" — pointing at who younger prisoner — "sprang forward tod seized the horse's bridle, the other lifted a revolver, took aim and fired twice. My rother swayed and dropped from the saddle, on 6 f to mako assurance doubly re'kfldhimby the throat for a moment ditlv \ y.udragged or rolled his body into a vallonr .road-8de- The riderless horse galloped off m the direction in which it had Wnprav' and fe® men hid the revolver fled in JS ld you you will find it, and lied mt shadows of the trees. temhu1 had endured through this gled vioS fe insupportable. I strug- To caDg on God, I awoke-" simIfee this wonderful anvLpT ®,16 "aP066. Never before has iifj eardanytidng so remarkable in real reafl v 18 8 they ask. Has he now hf j6?31 all a ruse to— but Who w they have seen him, those darkesT ln Tehement In casting the breaCyon ot 9ffke ftrnrrf101118 fellow the adjournment Ishe tootruefor i - Is unnecessary for flic passing of fee death sentenoe on the men, for on coming, to him self the elder ruffian believing in hi terror and cmtfosion feat be bad seen the ghost of the murdered man, - confesses to fee crime. And. ere long, the two murderers have suffered fee utmost penalty of fee law for one of the most cruel most brutal crimes ever perpetrated, and are transported" to a higher, more dreadful criminal-bar than ours. The history of Harry Masereene from fee time of his quarrel wife his brother to his appearance in court may be easily guessed. Enough to say feat he had long since re pented his hasty words, and had things gone on in the ordinary way would soon have left his wanderings and made peace with his brother and sister-in-law. As it is, from being an object of the darkest suspicion, he is elevated to fee position of hero, and his " vision from God" is fee wonder of all who hear it. For the rest Ah, me ! Truth is not only stranger, but oftimes sadder, so much sadder, than fiction, and were it not for Time's healing powers, life wonld iu many cases he but a end and weary thing. Let us hope that the hoary-headed father has dealt kindly with Harry Masereene. Tee End. 