;^ales. A Whe^i within a Wheel. '■■■■> y.i,*/ -■"»! •'••"' •»■•-• ■ v:.: ci V.-'< 'i-'Jt iookiad up from my occupation of book '■'• Chtii&te; in ^<^boti^t;h^lijfei4tiie Jxjsti of secretary for the last five' years. So many .business this one which Benson, thedoctOris'factotum < had in his hurry laid on the 't&blte;'with its ' superscription ^o^war^s,'. dicl', not j for some time excite my curiosity sufficiently . to^xamine iL^J^JactJ-KBs Jeeling^nny thing but animated, Jfor I was conscious of a dull heavy f^efli^^atjobt; me, accompanied by a pain at" the top of the head, while Wery jibw arid thieh 1- would Uhivbr, tfeough : ^el^nowarfv^aJt^ondon's most opprbs appeared "so thoroughly distasteful; to. rqe, and in spite of njy efforts ,topqsJi forward, "as I had a project in,,my mind. of .visiting Germany shortly, and. J;felt I needed fceBt greatly; and though the proposed, journey ; was not all pleasurable by Uny means, it waS eagerly looked forward to' in: order to endhsusjtehSe'ehtaaled1 both upbn inyself and Others. inifie' .hjad'been re ported as existing. ik';tJerinapy,' ahd_I, together with some. friends, haql ?ent. a mining , expert to ascertain if. it were really worth opening up or not, and the time had long. elapBed when Matheson, pur : agent, had promised to write;, I was. by far the most involved in'the transaction/and had made up my mihd to go and see for myself what was the matter. We had received a wire from lUbtz, so we knew he had arrived so far safely on his journey, but since that no communication had taken place at all. But to return to the letter which was lying : all this time where it had first been placed. I at last took it up; and my interest was roused by observing it bore both the Paris and Nancy .post marks, Sand its perusal at least for the present proved sufficient to shake of the strange lethargy that had thken'possession of me.. .What "toiler andmoiler"; in this workiday Vworld. would hot' feel gratified at a letter from a rich maiden aunt; who announced that she had madeup hpr mind to, overlook, the past— (.this past be it understood referred to my parent?,, not myself)—and notwithstanding the heinous crime against herself and the rest of the family perpetrated by my mother when she married the man she lov^d in preference .to selling herself a victim to the golden calf, and uniting her self to a suitor of her family's choice. He, my mother was wont tosaywas not worthy to he mentioned in the same breath as Janjes Ttehearne's, her husband and my respected father Who, notwithstanding all the evil prognostications and head-Shakings of the famSy did get on, though he was wont modestly to declare it was owing to his having been lucky enough to meet the right woman for his partner in life. How this may be I know hot, but as a doctor he tobk later on one of the first positions as a F.B.C.S. The two who had caused such family heartburn were now laid side 5 by side in the Highgate Cemetery; and I, their only son, was about to .feel the' effects of my aunt's gracious forgiveness. - . • With musings of not an • unpleasant character, I repaired to my lodgings, for .though at the age of thirty-five I was still a bachelor, and early in the evening. Jack Colquhoun, a friend of long standing, and Lawrence Amstey, the latter a schoolfellow of, mine, came in. In spite of the many years 'we had known each other, Anstey ahd'I were by ho infea^. sucb friends as one might have expected.Be was clever, •bright, and vivacious, : and most 'people "fohnd him quite am addition to any gather ing;' and ' for 'tricks aid sleight of hand I hever saW his equal, font he was too> egOtis , tical, to< allow me - to give him my sympa thies; 1 JackJColquhoun was the very reverse, audi.seemed always ready to. serve his friends a good turn. I had- on mote than one. occasion given I^awrence a piece of my ihind, which , if ribt dehgthy was to the,point. id be driven- off the prehnseH, : ahd ; ihvariably made one at any party afrkhged by mfe, when bldscbre'sweifeiCTpedbhtover aglaBs <if -toddy.; "5; -r-miy.' < This: evening he fairly amUzed -both Jack Colquhoun and myself by ■ a ibit i of self sacrifice IxeaUywbuld'hever have; given :hiin creffitfor. It was this. - My .projected plan for visiting Germany-was.ti»nbling mo, as a ponvictipn was.nponmieTwaa in ;fof{ia fohg.Tilteete, gtedu&lly; "whim;' .1 it. ^t ^hsented' to -send ibr a dbbtor, Wo^tenbuhced'' ifae tfobmcl Tfoadbeen walkt^h^nfmth'fbr the p&t; fortnight. After the doctor left' Anstey satr deep ; jniv. thought; IJffyk.'-auut's overtures, : were, ^discussed,; - And ' both mbn were.^^esfriest in.,their agressions of sympathy,for ^UvkimUvbut.f1ahyi3m has biily bBen ddrifieepvmddObSm sihbtody sorry for your perplexities notr; a«wll will tell yon what I have been turning' over in my mind. Yon know j had intended going toDieppefor my holiday; but if.'it would be any relief to;your mind I will.alter my tactics,,,. You may have heard mesay I have had periodical invitations from Karl ,, von Hqff. vho Uvea, at Metz, to. spen£ my , holiday t%i«, M I ;have .been thinking I „ might kill "two birds Tnth one stone." \ . "Doyop. mean it,Lawrence ?" I asked. " Mean it, yes ; yon do riot seem to credit me with any good nature,"he continued, ; evidently annoyed.:, : : ^ ■. . . "Oh, weU. Anstey, I could hardly expect such a things you1 took me by Surprise. Neverthele&Srl; thank yon heartily ; if this could be done it Certainly would be a great ; relief to my ndnd." • - '"Done, then " he aasWer&L-;" I "Will stisut on my doUrney-^let ine 8de,'to^dayis. Monday •^n' Wednesday or Thursday morning;" and it was agreed he was to have a' letter sent to the post office at Metz announcing how T fared. ' •' ; • That night, however, long before day dawn, I was in delirium; talking, as' poor old .lack Col^uhoun' afterwards told me, of Avery inis&m;≤ flung. the lrtintfig expert, w£io' 'it appears in reviling I was nOT'Very choice iii 'my!languagej then niy AuntPattie and my future pfpSpects. Two letters had arrived from Metz from Anstey saying'that ho could gather nothing of Mathesonas yet, but' that he wotdd write again directly he could' get anything definite to tell. When 1 neit saw my-re flectioh' inthe glass nty appearance Scared me. I waia' a ihere bag of bones,, and I fairly believe even' my most intimate friends'wotdd hot have recognised me did they not see me during my illness. Col quhoun was -cotistahtly with me, and as I journeyed towards ''convalescence, I began to worry about my aunt's unanswered letter. What if she was taciturn, and not having her overtures received with the due respect of a'prompt reply Che had already repented her forgiveness. I will be frank, and not attempt to pretend I had any affection (as yet) for this relative. In fact, I had never seen her. I believe my mother had once sent her a photo of myself when a schoolboy, but my father being still doing comparatively uphill work in his profession, the family ire did not allow my aunt to receive it with any degree of graciousness. My regrets were simply this. Miss Fattie Lindsay had added a postscript —as is the habit Of ladies—to her letter, saying that if in the present she could be of any use I might consider any means within reason at my disposal, and at this period of my life a little liberty of purse would have been appreciated. Gradually I was now allowed in scanty quantities such light food and slops which seemed to add insult to injury, for I felt as though I could tackle a leg of mutton single-handed. Not but what I recognised that the greatest danger lay in my satisfy ing a voracious appetite after typhoid fever, and so I endeavored to be patient. . Jack Colquhoun and my landlady, who was a good motherly soul, would have been horrified had I aired my thoughts which were a determination to start as soon as possible for Paris, and I fairly believe they would have used main force and have locked me up rather than let me cariy out my plan. . Always. in life with me to resolve is to act, and a week later I gave my good friends the slip, and booked to Dover, where -1 finally got on board. en route for Paris. I had left a letter for Jack, telling him what I had done, and I could imagine the poor fellow's consternation, and more than once I balf expected to see him on the wharf, for the starting of the boat was delayed. I remember the expressions of commisera tion among the passengers, especially the ladies,,at my emaciated appearance. On the' journey I amused myself in scan ning a large packet of my mother's letters, from different friends of the family. I wanted, if possible, to glean something of my aunt's character. -The fact of'not getting any second letter made me rather uneasy. • Prom it I thought my aunt perhaps was one who made no allowance for accidents, and doubts as to my first reception, at least, came into my mind. It was rather awkward, too, I had mislaid the letter received from her, doubtless in the confusion of the night of my illiiess it had got burned or destroyed. Still, I knew les endroits of Paris, and, baring a very fair knowledge of French, both gram matically and as regards - converse, I got on very well, for, I spent three years at a college at Dinon; and, truly,.politeness in JParis, as indeed throughout France, is a characteristic, and it was not very long before I learned that a Miss Lindsay lived about half-an-hour's drive from Nancy, at a place,named Chateau de Sarigney. .However, the excitement of getting away like a thief in.thenight, and the fatigue travelling: madeine • feel very ilk: and nothing .-short of arelapse was - looked for —not a pleasant posiffioh rih a city where, to my.knowledge, Ihadnot one friend. * ; Two idays were j^nt -in fear and tnem bling, but on the .third niorning I felt much better j and, with the 'determination X . always .evinced- 'in -anything-' I- took in hand,, I -took my piece in the- omnibus travelling to Nancyi ■ . On avririfig there, I: found X had ■ missed a conveyance which would take mfe to 'my deetinatioKand ^paired to' Apaff'bofb for ,;w Le ^^k^ : at Vine' with mefcfions was rapplied with mirrors; I could not failto know the reason -why—indeed, I was «CiUf!d&h;^^ fee#. ,h-iis: yJiSi.. • ; While inthC baft «t Mawy /i 'heaird annnimatedomversation between two Frenchmen —the shblect Cf XwhJbh'was " ffiriti»1i8tt>.!:>£: w«i fq%-.te«s m-t^Lv ' ^TJiey^were disctisBihg !>' 'i^nt'w&hce;, : aad bitb 'in ipu^iiiur ^rks Jwisptical regatdingitbijj^bihb,an'dtethbmidst of the debate, ifo ny ■ surprise, my aunt's name wasmentioned. : 'w-r-r ,,h ■ • It Ctrackmeiheinfortiie first tiine that v to my niotber/tbere were'Several mentions of, [MiRB T.i^daay>-« ' almost mad, belief ,' in :: spirits. l«et me riot Jiere imply »slander ,pn mymspected.relSjtion—I refer toiSpirits of the departed. One writer, a man, had remarked,Mite Lindsay had betterlook after 'her BUyer spoons, or most, certainly they will he removed one of these fine days." ' * ' : Wishing to know more about my aunt, with an apology for the .intrusion;..I addressed: the? two men, who, ., with characteristic politeness, ftt once jtooik rme into their eopverisation; plainiUg I Wfls.journe^g^ "perhaps monsieur will he af&nnted; at n}y easting donbtsupbn jfchis seance, a® doubt less the medumbei^are^tionofmadame is likewise related to monsieur.'' I frankly replied that J' bad dozens. of Relations 1 knew little abotit, and was cot m the le^st sensitive. Seeing it was nb niere avowal, to quiet his scruples, he pntered again into his "conviction that there were artificial means used, and " I tall you what," he con tinued; " to-night being the last seance, I had half made jup my mind' to satisfy myself 6n the point. ^, " But," Baid his companion," Madame is happy in having a relation so much after heir own heart., Adele, her maid, told the coachman he has a liberal use of herpuxse, and that only yesterday a cheque . was signed for 700 francs."' ■Here I was selfish enough to feel anxious lest this cousin of mine, if indeed cousin he was, might slip into my share. The scepticism of Lefiore, one of the Frenchmen, received ready sympathy, on my part, as I would much liked to have, detected any of the tricks by which such follyjplays upon' the credulity of others; and X elected to await the issue of Lefiore's investigations. Shortly before eight we all then wended our way . to the Chateau, and on (arriving at one part of the grounds the latter proposed entering by a side door, where he could manage to get within sight of the window of the boudoir where these spirit ualistic gatherings were held, It was about half-an-hour when he again appeared, talking in an excited whisper. "A fraud!he cried, " but a clever trick though.• Come do. not miss the show. Followme and I will place you where yon can see it all" : 1 Chandoir, the second FrenchmahfLaughed. "Mjsb Lindsay has had to feed up the medium Well; for he tells her the expen diture of odic force is too much for his constitution." In we Went, and I must say I felt a sense of guilt to be there acting the spy on my aunt's guest. But the temptation was irresistible. The ; shrubs were so thick and the garden walks so soft that we easily managed to get well in sight of the window; and there, sure enough, was a rope ladder, and presently the figure of a woman clad in garments to look more ghostly; mounted, and on arriving at the level of the window aluminous light enveloped her figure. '■'•A scream was heard from the ladies in the room, and then a man's voice, talking excitedly, and the figure Of the speaker .appeared at the casement, and the moon at that moment showing itself frbin behind a cloud, revealed his features. I was looking steadfastly at it all. I heard a voice that Lefiore said was Miss Lindsay's, address the man as "my dear nephew," An impulseiseized me—and my two companions. were amazedr at. seeing me ascend the ladder by which-the supposed ghost had descended. And now it was the turn of the medium to utter an exclama tion, and the scene which met my eyes was worthy of the brush. Cf A painter . The medium staggered bach with his hand to his head 'as I, more like a. ghost than any as yet represented, stood/where the woman had done before me. And i, in a vbipe yery' vmspiritual—|or in such cases it should he slow and measured, cried— .'•■*. ''Lawrence Anstey, your setf^sacrificing generoBity is duly appreciated by me.^ /. than'described. "I without any letters troducedmyself te ruy; aunt with all" d explanations, candidly relating I had ' bftbnheiard of so-called ghosts, and curios ■ledme tb try and 'find' put as to it® besi genuine: I^wrenfce Abstey, witha look the) detected 'thief; which in fine he % banded over the oheque for 700' frai without further •punishment than- that being detected by more than one*, who ! trusts him, off deny ',>y . Tbe-Btars andsparks prbduced by !b were cauBedbyruhhing thetops of «luci .^'^ESu^ht^ite-undfihfidng^themintne'aiis-rfbr : always insisted, on a dark room, saying tl was .attainable, Tbe'figure of tbe wbn SUrronndiug- l^^was .the qutetHpe o for Meme. proj^^^^>ered. Matheson l^shnjSy abwondedw&lnnieifej;* eftt^Mted tblum. As to my old friend-Jack, he iras horror-i struck at, ^travelling, ,and still more amazed and disgusted at later commnniofl-' tiOnB. As for Anstey.he Aeve^ bhoirbd his face again to rne.and my .aunt: was thoroughly ■t coxed of t meⅈ jghosts-r-and, JuBpl ^iyself, r vhen, axythi^g again was pi^pbBed,''st.e l66ked well to'her silverspdohB.,rt-- />aii -.y* At her death tw-oyeais later l inherited a'considerable fortune. I married after all, and many a time have I amused my wife^ with the_ r^ital of how on jfchat mrticular'evening' in Paris we '.laid' the . ghosts -• '' v' 'JJ 