THE MT SflBT." A Romance in Thirty-seven Chapters. By Mrs. Edward Kennard. CHAPTER XIX. -(Continued.) The ice once broken, she took every thing that came in her way, until she began to find herself occupying quite a distinguished position in the hunt, una Clio Drown norse n.tu iairiy established his reputation as a good fencer. Poor Mis6 Palliser, whoso lucky, star had not been in the ascendant lately, and whose fate ap peared invariably that of chewing the bitter cud of mortification, from see ing a rival habit fluttering in advance, lost considerable ground at starting by the unfortunate banging-to of a gate, but now she was galloping like the wind in order to lesson the already , diminishing distanco between herself and that oilending skirt, which con stituted a regular eyesore in tho green orbs of jealousy. She determined once for all on besting this obnoxious ad versary, and showing her conclusively the absurdity and crass stupidity of attempting to compete with one so facilo princeps as herself. " Did you see how beautifully my horse jumped that last fence?" she re marked to Colonel Clinker, who hap pened to be within hail. . He also had been delayed by the refusal of a young animal he was qualifying for a steeplechase certi ficate, and like Miss Palliser was in tent on getting closer to hounds. " I'm sorry to say I did not," he re turned, satirically. " By some extra ordinary and greatly-to-be-deplored accident, for one instant my eye was withdrawn from you — a circumstance that causes me much regret." "Indeed I" said she, not altogether easy as to the intention of this observa tion. " Really, Colonel Clinker, one never knows whether you are in earnest or not." " Very much in earnest, Miss Pal liser." " Then," said she, with a smile of re assurance, " I feel extremely ilat- tered by your good opinion. It is pleasant to find friends think well of one." "Would you like to heighten it still further ?" said he, quietly. "Certainly," she replied, a little surprised at tho request, and wonder ing what was coming next. She felt sho could liko Colonel Clinker very much indeed if only lie was always in his present amiable and complaisant mood. There bad even existed moments in bygone years when she had contem plated the possibility of changing her maiden name for that of Clinker, but such dreams had gradually faded away, owing to the taciturn manner in which the gentleman was wont to receive her advances. Never theless, a compliment from him, how ever tardily uttered and laboriously extracted, came with double power to please, like long-sough t-for honey re warding the exertions of an indus trious bee. "Certainly," sho repeated, with a feeling of pleasing expectation stirring tho Blnggish depths of lior heart. " What can I do " Why," said he ruthlessly, " you can give that young lady in front of you a little more room at her fences, gnd not ride quito so horribly jealous." Poor thing 1 The reaction was terribly severe, and in the first shock or it sho felt too surprised even for indignation. Sho drow in her breath with a gasp that resembled the gurgle of a drowning man, and omittud the single monosyllable, " Oh !'' " Yes," continued Colonel Clinker pointedly, for somehow or other he never could bring himself to regard Miss Palliser as a woman, and there fore felt little compunction in tramp ling on her feolings. "Yo3, and what's more, I saw you just now, simply because Miss Browser happenod to be leading, ride on to her horse's very tail. If he had made tho least peek or tho ghost of a mistake at tho fence you would havo been on the top of liiin to a cer tainty. It's deuced unfair, and if you oall that riding 1 don't." During this speech the lady had partly recovered from tho first stunning effects of the blow delivered, and both prido and temper now came to her assistance. But tho lust straw broke tho camel's buck. When it. became a question of riding, lior riding, anger assumed the upper hand, and crushed all incipient sentiment at its very birth. "Colonel Clinker," she said, or rather screamed, while her sallow complexion suddenly flamed into scarlet, and her small grey eye3 gleamed with a vicious expression, "I beg leavo to state I have not huntgd all these years in Iluntingshiro for nothing. I Hatter myself 1" know how to ride at a fenco as well us most people, at least, such is tho general opinion ; and I don't require you or anyone else to givo me lessons how to behave in the hunting-field. I con sider you aro most — most — most im pertinent." She had begun bravely, but her voice hero died away in hysterical sobs. Her mortification was complete. Colonel Clinker bowed silently, and galloped on. " Well, that was sharp and decisive enough, in all conscience," he said to himself. "La Palliser and I havo fought our first pitched battle, though many's the skirmish we have indulged in. I'm afraid I was a little rude, but the rebuke will do no harm, and the way she jumps on people is really quite abominable." " What a fool Colonel Clinker is making of himself about that Miss Brewser," Miss Pallisor remarked later on to her dear friend Mrs. Paget. Sho had sense enough to keep their little encounter to herself, but she could not refrain from launching a few venom-laden arrows by way of taking some revenge. " A fool 7" said Mrs. Paget. "In what manner 1 I have seen nothing to justify such a remark on your part." " You're as blind as a bat, my dear," returned Miss Palliser con temptuously. " I tell you tho man's quite gone off his head. To so great an oxtont, indeed, that he can't speak with decent civility to anybody else," " I had a chat with him some little time ago, and he appeared much as usual." " You're a goose, and never could see a thing, even when it wns going on under your very nose. My eyes are considerably sharper ; they can't hood wink me in a hurry." " But my dear Miss Palliser, who wants to hoodwink you 1 After- all there would be nothing so very won derful even if Colonel Clinker were to full in love with Miss Browser. Rank united to wealth is not an uncommon occurrence. One sees it every day of one's life." " There I agreo ; but don't talk of love ; it's a perfect profanation to call such calculating; mercenary trans actions love. Colonel Clinker's no more in love with Miss Browser than I am." " Then his sentiments must be ex tremely lukewarm," said Mrs. Paget, who took a mild pleasure in nagging at her friend. "Not at all : mine are very much heated, though by dislike rather than affection. I think .Miss Browser an odious, stuck-up, forward, fast young woman ; and as for Colonel Clinker, any respect or regard I may once have entertained for him he hns entirely forfeited," with which concluding ob servation she went home, galloping past Kate, and bespattering her with mud without a word of apology, " Phow ! " said Mrs. Paget, eyeing her retreating friend dubiously. "She's very crusty I I wonder what's up now ? It's a pity she's got such an ungovernable temper, but one really novor feels sure what she may say and do next.'' Thus, varied by hunting, heart burnings, sport, petty jealousies, and gossip, time glided by, until at length the evontful duy arrived on which that source of infinitely more mixed passions, the ladies' steeplechase, was to be decided. It had been settled for a Tuesday, and though supposed a pro found secret, tho knowledgo of its taking place had somehow leaked out-. Tho comparatively early hour of 1 o'clock was definitely fixed for the start, several farseeing individuals de claring that in any attompt to bring tho jockeyesses to the post a consider able delay was sure to arise, partly through their inoxperience, but still moro through the difficulties of the -fair competitors arranging the exigencies of toilette to their satisfaction. Tho kind old earl, who had thoroughly entered into tho spirit of the thing from first to last, had signified his intention of enter taining the riders and their friends, when tho race was over, to a sumptu ous lunch, immediately after which the cup would be presented to the fortu nate winner amid all the formal pom posity of speech-making and health- drinking. The morning luckily broko fair and still. Soft groy clouds filled tho jsky, swopt gently onwards by a mild south westerly breeze. It had rained fast during the night, leaving each blade of grass and faded russet leaf trembling under the silvery weight of the crystal burden imposed on it,ovcryonoof which shone like a sparkling gem as tho palo face of the sun struggled bravely out from amougst tho misty shroud encircling it, while those hardy birds who scorned to forsako their storm- swept homo for milder climes, lured by the genial atmosphere, strutted about the moist roads, head on ono side, seeking here and there a pre carious livelihood with a cheerfulness and an aotivity whioh eoiped to qay, " After all, there's no place like old ( England. Our companions aro fools to lly away." Poor little creatures, when they sat ahivoring and shaking under the cold, cruel snow, perhaps tho'y told a different tale ; but to-day, at least, they were happy. Kate felt very joyous and pleasantly excited as sho and Mary Whitbread drove out to tho rendezvous. She had arranged with Colonel Clinker to be on tho spot early, in order that they might walk round the course together, and they found him, accom panied by Mr. M'Grath and Mr. Grahamc, already awaiting their arrival. A considerable number of spectators had assomblcd, making it clear tho much-talked-of privacy could not possibly be maintained in face of tho interest evidently aroused on all sides. Tho sporting element was, of course, present in full, scarcely a man or a woman from its ranks being miss ing, while the Foxington tradespeople, accompanied by their wives and daughters, who appearod much inter ested, had turned out in force. Even the itinerant gipsy was represented by a stout party in a blue skirt and tartan shawl, who went about singing atrocious songs in a still moro atrocious voice, insisting on telling fortunes to people who had no anxiety to hear them. Colonel Clinker and his com panion were victims not likely to escape their most favorable predic tions. " Cross my hand, pretty lady, with a silver saxpence," the \voman said to Kate with whining insistence. " It will bring yor luck, nothing but luck." "Got away, my good soul; don't you see you're bothering the lady," said Colonel Clinker, fearing she might annoy tho girl. . "Not I," answered she, with intru sive confidence. "The lady has a good, kind heart of her own behind that sweet face, but the poor gipsy can seo what's in it. There are clouds, and darkness, and crossings, but the fair gentleman with the blue eyes stands out clear among them all. The end will bo marriage. Oh, yes, the poor gipsy woman knows." " For heaven's sake let us come," said Kate turning scarlet, and snatch ing her hand away from the other's detaining grasp. " I never listened to such nonsense in my life." " Nonsense, is it ?" called the woman after them indignantly. " The fair gentleman's eyes are full of love. He does not call what I say nonsense, at any rate." " How horribly vulgar these people aro to bo Bure," said Kate, feeling intensely exasperated at what she chose to consider the gipsy's imperti nence. "Nevermind," said her companion, with suppressed emotion, "don't allow yourself to be annoyed at her fore casts. Come with me and have a look at the fences instead, or you will be running out of the course, which would never do." She felt grateful to him for covering her confusion, and incensed with her self for having displayed any. What a poor weak fool she was to be sure. Had Mr. M'Grath been her com panion the woman's prophecies would have produced no further impression than tho ordinary clap-trap jargon of tho profession. All she could hope was that Colonel Clinker did not attribute her vexation to its right cause. They started together on a tour of inspection, followed by Mary Whitbread and Mr. Grahamc, Colonel Clinkor, on whose shoulders the entire management had fallen, had spared neither time nor trouble in rendering the course as perfect as possible. It was beautifully marked out with rows of little white flags, placed at such close distances that it looked next to impossible for the riders to make any wrong detour, while the run-in was corded on either side with stout ropes, leading in a direct line to the winning- post, which stood up, tall and unmis takable, close to the judge's improvised box. Starting at the farthest end of a large grass-field, in full view of the assembled company, tho course first led somewhat uphill over very severe ridge-and-furrow, at the top of which a good honest fence with a ditch and low guard-rail on the take-off side barred the entry into the opposite field, which though bigger in dimen sions, was far moro level and very sound going. After this it ran across a sticky ploughed enclosure, which Colonel Clinker had not been able to avoid ; then over a small double, lead ing onco more into grass, and later on, in and out a road carefully laid with tan. A rather sudden turn to the right hero revealed tho water-jump. This was a small natural brook, or rather — so steep and crumbling were its banks — a species of gully, with bushed-up hurdles, set in a slant ing direction leaning over it, and the whole width could not have measured much more than some 10ft. to 12ft. across. Any ordinary hunter ought with ease to clear such an ob stacle in his stiido; but Colonel Clinker had purposely refrained from making it larger, actuated by all sorts of visions of dripping female forms and broken backs. After the water-jump camo threo or four more fair flying fences that each required a bit of doing without being vory. formidable. These completed a good-sized ring, and the last obstruction would land the competitors in the same field up whose slopes they had started. Altogether it looked a good fair course such as no animal used to following hounds should find difficult to encompass. Kuto and Colonel Clinker carefully criticised eacli fence, choosing before hand tho best spot for jumping, and this was tho verdict they unanimously pronounced. Tho ground also wus iu beautiful order, neither too hard nor yet too deep. As they walked round togethor Colonel Clinker proceeded to give Kate a variety of advico as to what she should not do in tho forthcoming race, all of which she listened to most atten tively, and determined on following to tho boat of her ability. "'"Directly the flag drops, Miss Browser," said ho, " bo suro and let your horse havo his head. A good start in a three-mile race is not of such paramount importance as in a five- furlong scramblo, still it is by no means to be despised. There's nothing like beginning well. It gives a horse confidence in his rider, and tells him ho means going. But directly you get on to tho ridge-and-furrow tako a good pull, and make King Olaf go well within himself. Never mind being last of tho whole lot, especially if you only feel yourself to be so on sufferance, and can regain your lost position at any moment you please. Nothing takes so much out of a horse as push ing him fast up an incline at starting before ho has warmed to his work and got his pipes all clear. Steady him at the first fence. The chances are lie will want to rush, and might overjump himself in his eagerness. Very pro bably you may find by then that you havo the legs of most of your com panions, but don't on any account force the running so early in the day. Don't bustle- King Olaf until you get fairly through tho plough. If, after that, he is still going strong and well and pulling tolerably hard, you may begin: to forgo ahead a bit. Remem ber, up to this point you have to ride a waiting race, and let anyone else lead the way who likes. Drop your hands when you come to the double, and whatever you do don't go too fast at it. Givo King Olaf a full opportunity of understanding what is before him. It's the nastiest fence of the lot, and tho only one I am at all afraid of, particularly with an impetuous horse. The same rule ap plies equally to the jumps at the road ; take them steadily. Horses often jump tho fence out carelessly, so be on your guard. So far we have brought you along capitally. Take a good firm hold of his head, and sot King Olaf just as fast as you please at the water-jump. He'll clear it by yards I know beforehand, but if you can remember, keep close to the white flag on your right. The banks there aro both narrower and firmer than in any other place ; besides, you get the in side turn, and will gain several lengths by so doing. And send your horse along in downright earnest. Nine-tenths of amateur riclers throw away the race by waiting too long and not coming spon enough. Then they get flurried, . lose their heads, and all is over with their chance of winning. By this time the riffraff will either have tailed off or come to grief ; any how,, you will know pretty woll which are your most dangerous remaining opponents. If you find you have them fairly settled, come straight away over the last two fences and past the post, hands down ; but if it comes to a con test, keep cool and collected and do the best you can. I foretell a perfect triumph to our party," concluded the Colonel, drawing adeep breath of satis faction in anticipation of this desired result. After a momentary pause he appeared, however, to recollect it was just possible there might exist a reverse side of the picture, and he added'ini- calmer accents, "On the other hand, should any mishap occur — though I devoutly trust not — or should you by any chance find King Olaf is blown, for God's sako pull up- there and then. You have ridden a beaten horse once too often as it is, and there's no use in struggling on to the end- under such circumstances. And now I have given you enough instruc tions to fill a small volume. I don't suppose, when the timo comes, you will remember one-third of them." " Oh, yes, I hope so !" answered Kate, confidently. " But when I listen to such excellent advice it really makes me feel as if I were obtaining a mean advantage over my neighbors, and as if they, too, ought to have the oppor tunity of profiting by it. It hardly appears fair my accepting so many valuable hints." (to be continued.) 