A MURDER REVEALED BY A c GHOST. y s ·ii .OR some time after the Jacobite rising Sof 17450 had been' suplpressed by the crushingidefeat of the -Highland Clans at t Culloden;.the whole of the North of Scotland owas in-aditaturbed stateiiid it was neces siiry tr' keep a large force of troops there in n order to rijamp out the l stparks of I rebellion. Among the regiments to which n this stern duty was entrusted was one com manded and, to a large extent, raised by c Lieutenant-General Guise, which was generally known as fuise's Regiment. It r w? cquartered in the wild and remote High' land district of- Braemar, at the" South- a -Western, corner of Aberdeenshire.- The portion of the country were warmly Jacobite, . d,?the.sightof the .English ..soldiers" was Shateftil to the great bulk of thl!e population, who cherished fierce feelings of vengeanice against the " butchers of Culloden." Timie, however, to some' degiee, "modified these hostile sentiments, and the liighlanders t became used to the presence of these red coats, when they found them, nfter all, not to be such monsters of cruelty as they had at one time imagined, and out of whonm, if civilly treated; they discovered there was v moirey tbbe made. ,Now' in' Guise's Regi ment there was a certain Sergeant/ Artlhiit Davies; who wa very' popular '-among lisf comrades.! :He was superior 'in :birth and education to the ordinary run of non-cornm missioned officers, and was, besides, remark able .for:lhis - greabbt taure, his immense physidal strength;, and -- his' 'halindso~me personal appearance.- He had beenr very I active in obtaining recruits for the regiment, and in consequencereceived a higher amount e of pay and enjoyed ia better position than others nomiinally of the same rank. A frantk, manly,, fearless !English soldier, lie had ingratiated himself even. among the dour and sullen Highlanders, and was regarded by theni with less animosity, probably, than any other soldier in the regiment. The sergeant wais an enthusiastic sportsman, and so little did he fear any' treachery on the I part of the mountaineers that lie frequently i set out on shooting excursions over. the wild I' moors alone oitendeild by a single gilly. On the morning of the 28th of September, 5\. 1749, Sergeant Davies started off alone with -his fowling-piece to shoot over a moor not º very far distant from Braemar. YWhen i night fell he did not return to his quarters, aud the 'ihle' of the next day passed with i out any tidings being heardof him. On the third day after his mysterious disappearance, a search party was sent out to scour the district for the missing sergeant, but they r were unable to find the slightest trace of him. Aweek passed, amonth, and still no r sign of the lost sergeant of Guise's. By this time there was no doubt in the minds a of any of his comrades that Davies had met with foul play, and the General himself i swore that he would leave no stone unturned s. to discover the mtirderers of. the. best non commissioned officer he had in his regiment. t But. neither threats nor rewards brought r any clue to the sergeant's disappearance, and his fate remained wrapped in mystery, e though there could be little doubt that more than one person must have been concerned in the murder, for it was not likely that any R single Highlander would venture to attack : so powerful and resolute a man as the ser geant,. whose. athletic prowess was well known over the district.' Five years passed, the mysterious disap pearance of Sergeant Davips had never been accounted for,'and even his comrades had ceased to speculate upon it. Nor would the problem probably have ever been solved but for one man who had swbrn never to it cease his inquiries and. inivestigations until the murderers of Sergeant Davies were. brought to justice. This man was James e Small, formerly an ensign in the Earl of Loudoun's Regiment, and now factor' or r. steward"on the estate of Strowan, which had ;r been 'forfeited to the Crown through the 1- attainder of its laird as a rebel. ', Mr. James s Small had. known Sergeant Davies well; thsy.h.£ .a.ou.hti, . Collodon .t-aetltor. and Sbad subsequently met often whilst Gui'e's d Regiment'was quartered in Braemar. The If new factor of Strowan was a determined and a somewhat consequential man.. He' thought it was a slur upon the Government which lie served that it should be unable to discover and bring to justice the murderers of an officer of Her : Majesty's' army, and he gE deemed it incumbent upon himself to y remove that slur. With patient, dogged ei perseverance, and the -keen instinct of a born.detectii;e, he set himself to the task of. in discovering the perpetrators of the crime, and at last he succeeded. Bit by bit he joined together stray pieces of. evidence until he had a case sufficiently strong enough to justify him in procuring the arrest of two Highlanders, Duncan Terig aefias Clerk, and Alexander Bain Macdonald. The fdwling y piece belonging to the murdered man had been found iii the house of one of them, and trinkets and valuables known to have been the property of Sergeant Davies. had been' \- seen in the possession of both men.. But tliord Na~ a still stronger and more damning proof of the guilt of these two persons, which among those who were superstitious, as most Highlanders were in those days, carried overwhelming weight, and it was the straiige story attached to this which invested the case with extraordinary interest when it came on for trial before the High Court of a, Justiciary in Edinburgh. I . The prisoners, Duncan Terig and Alex le ander Bain Macdonald, were arraigned " -before the Lords of Session at seven o'clock as on the morning of June 11, 1754. Then ue there was made public the strange story of in the manner in which the crime and its per 1d petratoris had been discovered. : Alexander Macpherson, of Inverey, a so .farm-servant, aged 26, deposed that Iy oienight iu the summer of 1750, whlilst in or lied in' a shealing (tlie long turf-thatched e-I out-house in which Highland farm- servants sr slept, in beds arranged along the wall), b several othdrs being at the same in the said ,i shealing, there entered a man dressed in ly blue, whom he took to be the brother of a Sneighbour, Donald Farquhareon, of Glendee, Ilf who came to his.bedside and beckoned to of 'him to come out. . Macpherson rose and 5, followed the figure outside the door, where l, 'upon the person turned.and said, "lam Ig Sergeant Daies"; then, pointing to a moss a- or tract of -swampy moorland, known as ig Christie's Hill, added, " You will find my ty bones there, go and bury them at once, for I can have no peace, nor will I give' you any xl until my bones are buried; and you may bel get Donald Farquharson to help' you." -neving spoke these words very solemnly and earnestly, the apparition vanished. Early the' niext morning Maclpherson went alone to this spot indicated by the wraith, and so - exact- had been- the instructions given by the .mysterious visitant, that Sbefore he had searched five minutes he came at ?upon a-bhmuin body embedded in the moss. h ?o6stof theflesh was gone, but the coat of blue cloth which lhad been worn by the dead se man ''as pretty nearly entire. By using his id staffas probe and lever,. Maepherson dress Id out the body, and laid it on the upper soil, xl but did not attempt to bury it. al -A few nights later the apparition again It visited Macpherson when hle was in bed in or the shealing, and reproached him for not in having carridd out its instructions for is burial, urging him at thesame time to lose n no time in committiing the remains to the se earth. .Then. Macpherson plucked up d courage to ask,." Who murdered you ?" to t. Which the' apparition replied clearly, s ' Dl)uncan Clerk andAlexnimder Macdonald," at then vanished s suddenly and abruptly as Sbefore. e On 'the following day. Mlacyhersoodn aut \- th1snnald?rarqblnarson, told him the story, t iand persuaded him to' come and assist to Is bury the body of the murdered man in dry w (~round. Farqquharsoin, never doubting the e truth of the story; went with Macpherson d to Chriastie's'Hill, carried the body away, , dug a grave-in dry ground, and there e buried theremaiias. Toalt his own' sh.' e n the- business, Farquharson swore posi. n .tively, and. emphatically expressed his ,f belief that Macphlerson had told Iim nothing. ip but thetruth. The only other person to i. whom Macpherson confided the story was ' John Grewar, of Dalhownie, who deposed r' that Macpherson, under strict promise of o secrecy, told him, a few days after the a, pparition had appeared for the second time, Show he, in obedience to its commands, had, with the assistance of Donald Farquharson, buried the body. But there was still stronger corroboration of Macpherson's strange story in the evi dence given by Isabel Mhachardie,of Inverey. _ 40, who deposed that on the night rhe apparition for the second time, sire, sleeping at the other end of the shealing, in the portion set apart for the women, most distinctly saw " Something naked come in at the door andr to straight to htacpher-' son's bed, which frightened her so much that she drew the clothes over her head; that when it appeared it came in a bowing posture, but she cannot tell what it was; that next morning .she asked Macpherson wlhat it was that had troubled them the night before, and that he answered sre. might be easy, for it would trouble them tso more." Now the counsel for the prisoners was ons of the most eminent advocates in Scotland,. Alexander Lockhart, who was making then. by far the largest professional income ever: up to that.time known North of the Tweed, -considerably upwarrdsof a thousand pounds a year, which may be set out as equivalent: to about three thousand a-year in the present day. Lockhart was a notorious iJacobite, and had gained for himself much celebrity, by defending the prisoners captured after the rising of'45. As in duty; bound, he threw ridicule upon this stiary of Lthe ghost, and he made his great point when; iil cross-examianalion of lMacphrerson, who coull speak. nothing but Gaelic, and whose' evidence had to be interpreted to the Court,! he said to the witness, " Wlhatlanguage did' the ghiost speak in I' To which Macpherson promptly replied, "As good Gaelic as ever I heard in' l.ochaber." - " 'P1retty good' for the ghost of ani :r??lishlaergeant," said Lockhart, and there wits general laughter in Court. Thor was other evidence connecting the prisoner with the crime, the possession of the' murdered rman's fowling-piece .. and trinkets, and some suspicious circumstances: which would have told heavily against the' accused had not Lockhart laughed the case out of Court by the ridicule he threw upon: the story of the English i ghost that spoke "as good Gaelic as ever ksi heard in Loch aber." "lie declared'thatt~hiwhole 'casewas?: tlrumlped up by Mr. James 'Small, who had' carefully instructed the witnesses for the prosecution what to' say, and had' endeavouired to intimildate witresses for the. defence frorm giving evidence. In the end,! after sitting conLinuously froem seven o'clockr on the morning of June 11, to six o'clock inl. the evening of .une 12, the jury returned a verdict of "Not Guilty." The next day, as Mr. Locklhart was pro ceeding across the Parliament Close to the Courts, lie was assaulted by Mr. Jamne Small, who endrleavoured to provoke hint to adrel. But Loelkhart, whlo was a bully' and a coward, appealed for protection' to the Lords of Session, who had Small arrested and brought before them,. but discharged lhim after Ire had made an ample apology and entered into sureties of £50 to keep the, peace for a twelve-month. But though the ghost story was so successfully laurrhed out of Court, its trnth was not really c'isproved. And a carceful' examination of all the evidence adduced atb tie trial leads us to wonder that the jury should have allowed themselves to overlook the very remarkable character of Rlacpher son's evidence. Sir Walter Scott, in com menting on the case, suggested that as g:ving information was unpopular in the Highlands, and especially when the accused were Jacobites, Macp'herson trumped up the E ghost-story, knowing well that his super i stitious countrym'en would pardon his com municating the commissionr entrursted to him by a being from the other world. But the' facts, as set forth in the report of the trial, do not support that theory. In the first .place, Maclphereon's story was corroborated by Isabel Machardie, who distinctly swore I that she saw an apparition in the shealing exactly simnilar to thIat described by Mac a pherson as having appeared to him at the very same time and place. It was not 1 shown that there was any collusion between the man and the woman ; nor were their stafements in any way shaken by cross examination. Then Donald Farquharson's' evidence as to his assisting Macpherson to I bury the body was not disputed, and the question arises how could Macpherson have known where the body was, or by whom 1 the dead man tAd been murdered, unless lie e had himself been one of themurderers or had a seen tihe deed done? Yet neither of these f hypotheses was suggested, nor was any rattempt made to show how Mfacpherson could have known who the murderer was, e and where the'body was concealed, other wise than by the supernatltaal mode he described. Then again, Macpherson' and' . .'r- uhab?a..had.clearly.no malice. againsm: STerig and Macdonald, for three years elapsed without'their saying a word to any one about the discovery of the body, and they would probably never have divulged' tthe secret but for the active interference of Mr. James Small. Lastly, there was Lock s hart's sneer abont the ghost of an English e sergeant speaking good Gaelic. But grant-' o ing the apparition, what was there absurd' about its speaking Gaelic? For aught we a know to the contrary, in the spirit world all' f" languages arre alike familiar to its inhabi-' Stants, and, indeed, it would be preposterous e to suppose that ghosts are confined' to the' e tongue which they spoke when in the flesh. The thing that was extraordinary was the" 0 apparition, not 'the lariguage in which it S'spoke., Lockhalt would probably, what.' ever his own scepticism may have.been, have hardly dared to deny, in that super-` astitious age and country, the possibility of n one from the unseen world "revisiting thej n glimpses of the moon," and but for his smart) t. and plausible ridicule of the Gaelic in thel mouth of an English sergeant he might bavae. fo6und it difficult to persiade' even an Edin-" 't burgh jury that Macplherson was not telling d the truth when he swore to his interviewi e with the ghost of Sergeant Davies. That: d the man thoroughly believed that he had: It seen and talked with the spirit or wraith of1 if the dead soldier we do not for a momenb' doubt. Whether he actually did see ant hear what he thought lie saw and heard, or whether there are such things as ghostes, k these are questions-which we' leave to thel ' Psychological Society to answrer. We would/ if point out, 'however, one odd eircumstance,I that whereas in the former case of super iatural evidence which we gave the prisoner a John WValker, of Chester-le-Street, was t hanged on the evidence of a ghlost, which Srevealed the crime to a neighbour, in the' Spresent case the two prisoners were acquittel a mainly because of the alleged ghostly reve? i, hation. Thie reet of the evidednce atains them was.discredited, because of theridi-l e cule thrown upon the witnesses, who awore). a that their information came through a ghost.i SYet years afterwards, When both Duncan' STerig' and Alexatider Macdonald had gone 1 to join Sergeant Davies, their solicitor : Sadmitted that both he and Lockhart wer. i firmly convinced of their guilt, and saw tl, a their only chalice of obtaining an acquitta a was by throwing ridicule-as strong as itb Y could be made-upon the storyof the Ser-. I geant's ghost.-Licet nsed Vicfuallers' Gazdec, y 