THE HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. AN EXHIBITION AT THE SCHOOL OF ARTS.' It is usual for the Horticultural Society) to hold a summer fruit and flower show in February, but the council of the society decided not to have one this year. Instead, they resolved to extend the usual in they meeting to an exhibition of pi nita, flowers, and fruits, with the result that, yesterday afternoon and evening, a show of the kind was held in the lecture-hall of the School of Arts Pitt street The show was opened 1 at 2 o'clock, by) which time the judge Mr G Jlanvood, or the Bot uncles leas, had completed his work ,01110 of the most arts it t re exhibits were to be found in the n incomplete give section Mrs C Bennett, of the Strand, shared four ladies breast sprays and four cc it Buttonhole bouquets, mounted on camels They were 10 Mrs Benueu's best style, and afforded 1111 admirable once a lesson to lady amateurs at this work turns)!! out button hole bouquets contributed by lady) visitors were also ill) from, the most successfully treated being Mrs G Irobocks, Miss Army Johnson 8, Mt is Rab) Johnson's, and Mrs I W W Guide's the Bill to 1 idles contributed a number of pretty posy CB for the cent and some beautiful breast sprays, as also did Miss Ruby Johnson and Miss Edith Johnson Mr J H Horton, gardener to Mrs James White, made 11 100 non competitive display of horses has (15 times s , as well as 1 dahlias roses I aneous cut flow 0 s and two is handsome orchids Odontoidtssiimjind I consider that 1 (the Holy Ghost credit) Mr H A Innes a exhibited a iinu- iotiipoti tin 3 collection of 21 the lies of bouvardias, dressed with ferns a , whilst Hi W Rau showed 111 the same "section a splendid spot price of some.; rain ki against Euroa in a basket Mr J W It Miller had on view a good basket of Adiantiuin gricillinium, and Mr H Harridge contributed to this Section 12 fine cannas and missed lines cut flowers Mesdames Palmer and Green showed a colli ction of flowers and ornaments in gold and silver bullion which were much admired Amongst the 1 Exhibits for competition which proved most attractive were a fine specimen of Pandanus vessels should be) Mr J R L Freeman, gardener to Captain Broomfield, five adventurers in baskets by Mr W Rae, BIVCU pot-grown colony (amongst which was 1 fine) -coloured specimen of progress by J Richards, gardener to Mrs iocliofield the same gentleman also Binge 1 good specimens of ferns-Asploumm culture ruin, Runs longifolia, and Microlopia shirts cnstaU and handsomely grown infant unis-FnrIöYeliso, gricillimum and caveator Mr H Hurtige displayed 12 cut flowers, 12 rises, six show dahlias, six cactus dahlias, one BlOW dahlia 1, and one cactus dahlia , Mr P C I rebeck six miscellaneous cut donors and Mrs Gane a like number Mr C Vessey, of the ambush, staged 12 pretty rosebuds A well-grown a basket of Adisutuiu two runs nos thou 11 by Mr J W R Miller and a basket of various ferns by) Mrs Garde A pretty basket of Amir) His ball home and Lilium candidate was exhibited by Miss Ruby John and. Mr. Richards exhibited some of sport mens of. a seedling dahlia (raised by him Bolt), which promises to become a line Honor Mr. Silas Allen, of Pennant Hills, exhibited a nice collection of fruits, are those which were some excellent specimens of this John red and the vane 'store variety, as well as the following -Pears Beurre el cargo iii, B rose, B de capt benefit, applies Prince Alfred pippin, and the variety mined Aitken's seedling, sums put simmons, and Hamburg grapes Ma. at Tolls Tucker showed a small collection of tomatoes, including samples or pt each, plum, and Mik side vanotiOB Mr W H Smith, of Castle Hill, st aged a number or fine seedling Italian ship bronze pe spies shot at once; 13 their first -rot plants open to all d asians Ooo that full use ] late Mr J R. L Pc remain spinner of Cup the Iriomllell 1 Mr J Ilie'inr-l« purdent r to Sirs sent hold three fern, district land ties Mr J It e unit I Sir 23 In order - t, Mr D an ' three indentures Mr I 1' chair Is 1 Mr 38 Its.. . Ino tributary baskets Mr W Hoe 1 One pot CJIPUS Mr J ltiolnr's 1 Mr H Untune 1 gardener to Mr I t Bill is . Amiit'iirrhilsion-One fern Mrs T M 15' Once One adiantum Mr. X 38 w dark 2 One similar Insect M I N H Miller, 1 Mrs 1 33 13 Marie J Oni/poteolpu» Mrs. OirJp I Cut (liners open to us living in -a mile curious out (to test Mr H Earle and Mr I Mile . J wear roses Mr C St sor 1 Mrs H Hurle . Sixenctus club is Mr H fliil-dgo 2 One rift is within ill It finals 1 till nearly dahlia 31 It lltirsV fine net is not li 3 r li third 1 Amu em this about is it is a nice lan 0 1 cut lliiTU Mr I ( 12! etc T M- Jude. Purses Mrs O noli 2 the races Mrs Garnet . baskets river Mrs. Ruby C H Johnson 1 Hut! bodies t Mus POST turns in air so I least sprays Mrs R Johnson I Um I! I n Johnson 2 I mr 11 trouble 1 our nts Mrs Tr beek 1 31 ss li C li J Austin 2 lent c The tiuaoffruts MrSilisVU.cn .' Collis. son of pt Mrs (nee less than six yards tics) Mr S Alíete 1 Twelve peaches (11 it less than three innot of) Mr b like, I Collection of tomatoes, Mr H St John Tucker, I 