MORE ABOUT GHOSTS. A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. RELATES HIS EXPERIENCES' " Then you don't beliovo In ghosts, Mr Brooke?" ' Certainly not ; but I do balievo there are I<eoplo who sco tbera— in imagination." Hitch was tho question put by a representa tive of the " Pall Mall," aud tho answer re ceived from Mr W. F. Brooke, of Moakelyue nnd Loobo s, who tbo other day issued a cir cular offering to visit "haunted bouaea" and lay the most treubtesomo " spook." Mr Brooko complains aomowhat of the Psychical ltoHcarch Society, aud thinks that if more activity was shown many loure that havo been empty for yesrs, because they havo tbo reputation ot being haunted, might bo let. Ho has great faith in individual work in this iioo, and is convinced that if somo one would sot hloisolf upas a "specialist," and cfar to tako up his quarters in tho " dread being's own abode " fora little time, ho might cosily find out the real cause of tbo disturbance, and thus do away with tho silly notions that soon spread about and giro a house a bad namo. TIIR AIlVEMTnU OV THE S70WAWAT. " Wbatwus your first aohiuvement? " 41 Oh, a very simple affair. 1 was on board a ship iu Newcastle, Australia, and wo had taken a cargo of coals for Now Zealand, but on tho dsy previous to the sail ing every man on board deserted on account of tho strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and, in fact, nil over tho vessel. I heard tho noises myself, and at first was under tho imprcAsion that some stow away was lu distress. I found out this was not tho case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating varlons animals, and was soon de lighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound, but slipped, aud rolling down the heap of cools, fell into the ana of lho poor little pig we had lost tbrco weeks before, and which bod grown enormously fat during hia incarceration, existing eololy upon coal !" " I suppoao that in many canes animals aro the canjo ot theso strango noises!'' " Oh, yes : I h&ro; bad many instances of tho kind. Ono time I was sent for to calm tbo fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for jsovoral nights by unearthly noises nod rapplnca that hud, they assured mo, ' come out of the earth. I found that tho sounds proceeded from tho efforts of a cat to cxtricato its Load from a lobster-tin under tho floors. In another case I was quietly sitting in a haunted hooso, with a dim gliramor of light, a ptoco of cbccso near a suspicious-looking bolo, and my trusty No. 2 shot In n little barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I 1 let go.' I drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with u wooden boll tied round his nook ; no mora rapping was hoard thoro. Tho wood, I presume, had boon tiod round the poor bruto as an old dodgo to scare away Its companion), aud in Its journeyinga it tapped against tho laths nnd lloora." roomiixrs on tab sands. "What aro your methods of unoarthlog 'ghosts? " "They are very simple. Iliavo veryaonU) hoaring; and can generally locate a sound directly I hear it, but if I fail to discover in which dirootioa it comus from directly, I make a roiouto examination of the doors and window and lloora. If I suspect that It is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who Is in tho house, I scatter a little powder or sand Around fill tho entrances, sit dowu quietly and await tho nppoarnuco of tho apparition of the sound of tbo creature. If it appears (it nover does though !) and goon off again I cxamino tho powdor round tho doom for footmarks or paw-tread. I underataud thoroughly tho construction of a houso, und, consequently, can often detect flaws in tho building that would not lie noticed oxropt by a practical man. Strango iiolies are caused by n varloty of thing ; clothes bAskots that havo ooii' talncd wot clothes aro hung up in a warm room after washing days. They will emit peculiar sounds to tho ncrvons. Loose boards under the carpet wilt sot many people won. doring, a beetle underneath a wallpaper, too, will muko a Htraugo scratching sound. It is uot a fiiiliicicntiy kuowu fact that imagina tion is lho only lutclloctual faculty wliiuh exercizes a direct influcnco on the bodily organs, thoso organs being tno organ of eoruo. It acts by prodaoiog In them, or in parts of the brain with which thoy commnnicnte, tbo samo stato which is iisaaily brought about by extornal objects actuiUy present to thom. Tho oyo is most liable to bo affcctod by thceo false impressions, which occur in many different states of hybtcm. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. 1 havo been In his company when ho seas thom— ho has had two or tbrco attack of D.T." A "WOMAN'S I'lTKOCS MIDNJl'.HT BniUKUS " " Needles to say, Mr Brooko, yon havo always discovered tho nature aud whoro- ubout of tho spirit ' 1 " t " Ye. I havo novcr boon beaten, but I have had suvoral tough customers to dool with. Ono houso that 1 visited boro a very bad namo. Unearthly shrieks nn of a woman whilo being ill- treated had been heard by the neigh bors, aa well as by the late occupants. 1 stayed in tho house by myself one ovealng, but failed to hear anything oat of tho com mon, until tho lady, a fow minutes before twclvo, gavo mo a toato of hor quality. 1 heard her as I was sitting In the kitclifo, ood then in tho room abovo ; I went Into tho garden— she was thoro ; I went iuto tho ntrcet— sho was there. I know eho was thcro, bocauio I hoard hor. I cxaminod tho houso thoroughly, bat with out euccoHA, until my efforts were rowardod after about a couplo of hour' soarchiug, and 1 traced hor voico to tho roof. I wont for it with a ladder, and brought it down under toy arm ; tho oldmuoy-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of ahapo by the sweep's brush, and tho wiud caused theso unmusical sounds." A MYSTi:ill0l'8 IOOTsTRI'— WANTED, riJJOST. "By no means a pleasant job, clambering over tbo roof of nn empty houso? "I'vo had uoreo. I managed to unearth tho causo of tho footstep that were always heard during rainy weather in a largo houio in High ztroet, Daptford, eomo timo since. After swarming abouttho outsido In tho wind and wot, I discovered that tho gutter was stopped up, and tho water fiowod over on to n leaden fiat and caused tho tapping. Faces were novcr seen at tho windows whilo I stayed thoro, and two pots of " four 'arf ' in formed mothat " tho blokes wot livod In ono of the Uerrevann on the fair grouud behind usod to go in the houso when it waa empty to doss.' " Mr Brooke got Into trouble a fow yean ego by his nvthor praetlaal elucidation of tho Greenwich Mystery. He la a praotlcal man; a dlsavowor of spiritualism and (beoaophy, aud he scorns "astral bodies." If imyono hni a real ghost for eslo, ho would bo plcaAcd to buy it ; or if a hauntod houso can bo poluted out to bim, ho will be vory happy to trsek "spook" to its parading ground. 