WOMAN THE MYSTERY. A STORY OF THREE REVOLUTION BY HENRY HERMAN XXVIII. In taking a north-westerly course to the rear of the Federal lines before Richmond, Quayle had a double purpose in view. The principal one was, of course, that of finding a suitable spot for the dastardly crime he was planning, but there was another and a very weighty one which pressed him strongly. His repeated absences from Richmond, without being sent on a mission by the Southern Intelligence department, would be certain to be noticed, and he had no means of knowing whether or nay the Confederate officers knew aught about his repeated journeyings to General M'Clellan head quarters. He felt that it was imperatively necessary for him to be ready with a satisfactory explanation, and for that purpose, as he leisurely strolled through the Unionist lines and posts, he mentally carefully noted everything he saw on the road. He was a sinewy, wiry man, light and lithe. Fatigue seemed to have no influence upon him, and that same night he recrossed the Chickahominy and made the return journey to Richmond, crossing swamps and forests obstructed and supposed to be rendered impassable by felled trees. The early morning haze was lying thick and white upon the ground, and veiled his movements when he crept along the railway line so as to escape examination by the town pickets at the Rockets. He was walking along on the eastern end of Main-street when great shouts and cheers announced something extraordinary, and as he stepped into the roadway he saw a long line of cavalry coming along the road. "That's General Stuart come back," he said to himself. "He will have learned much, but I think I can give him a start and a beating in the information I can give, and I suppose it will have to be given, else these precious Virginians may take it into their heads that I am not dealing honestly by them, and they might go so far as to make me acquainted with the noose of a rope, There's no trusting those honest men." I When he returned to his room he indeed found a note from the Intelligence department, requesting his immediate attendance. He never called at headquarters, but all his meetings took place at an auctioneer's office in Main-street, which was used for the purpose of rendezvous. " It has come sooner than I expected," he said to himself, " and I shall have to show them what I can do." He forthwith sat down and drew a plan, as far as he knew of all the Union positions before Richmond. General M'Clellan's words had given him an indication of General Stuart's route, which was at that time totally unknown in Richmond, and he marked that also on his map. Armed with Ina precious document he presented himself at the meeting place. The Southern chief of the department seemed disposed to be severe when Quayle entered the room. " You have been absent a great deal lately, sir," he said, "and you have been absent without being ordered away by the department." "I have been absent a great deal," retorted Quayle defiantly. "I am glad you confess that, sir. Perhaps you will explain now where you have been." "I have been in the Yankee camp, was the astounding assertion. " Oh I" ejaculated the officer. " You confess that also I" " I do, sir. There is no confession about it. It is a statement." " And who gave you permission to visit the Yankee camp?" " My sense of duty. I thought that if my superiors did not see the necessity of obtain- ing information important to the cause of the South I would obtain that information of my own accord." Mr. Quayle's voice had the tone of accusa- tion, not of defence. The Southern officer was not taken aback by the show of impudence. " You will have to learn, sir," he said, " that we expect from everybody obedience first of all." " I have been disobedient to nobody," re- torted Quayle. " I have simply done my duty, and if I have done more than my duty you may rely upon it I will not offend again. I have risked my life a dozen times over for the paltry pay I receive from the depart- mental' I bring with me important results, and all the thanks I get is an accusa- tion." in I will tell you what thanks you will get," said the officer quietly, " when you SHOW me the results of which you boast." For full reply, Quayle produced the little man he had drawn, and the officer immediately commenced to study it. " What I " he exclaimed. " You have traced out General Stuart's route I How did you come to know that?" I came to know it by keeping my eyes open, was the rejoinder. The little map which Quayle had furnished was valuable indeed, and the chief was bound to admit its great importance. "I was wrong," he said. "If your map is correct-and I have no reason to doubt it-it will be of great service. Excuse me if I have spoken harshly, but your movements were, to say the least, suspicious, and, to tell you the truth, I sent for you for the purpose of having you arrested." Quayle involuntarily slipped his finger between his neckcloth and his neck, and gasped, no had had a narrow escape indeed. That little man had saved him from dire consequence of his treachery. But again he was in luck. After this exploit he would no longer be suspected. More facilities than ever would be given him for entering and leaving Richmond, and he was equally sure of protection in the Southern and Northern lines. " That was a narrow escape," he said to himself, when he had left his chief. "If it hadn't been for that little map it might have been all over with me, and then Mr. Robert Bcrinquny might have given two hundred thousand pounds, or three hundred thousand pounds, and still found nobody to do his work for him. They are so deucedly impetuous, these Virginians, They might have hanged me, and regretted me afterwards." When he returned to his lodgings he found that Henry had been there in the meanwhile, and had left a note for him. The note was in French, saying that he had again been sent with a letter to Colonel Adams, and that he had again seen Helene, who had spoken to him, and had entrusted him with the delivery of a note which he enclosed. Helene- epistle was without address, and brief "I have not been privileged to meet you," it said, " and I am anxious to convey my thanks to the writer of the note I have received through your kindness. Will you favour me by telling him that I am happy to know that both he and his friend are alive? Will you also ask him if he can suggest a way by which I might be enabled to gratify the wish expressed by him in his letter? It will give me pleasure to be able to comply with it." The paper was signed " ILL." " The young lady is getting impatient," Quayle said to himself. " So much the better. I don't think I shall gratify her wish to see me before the time comes. Monsieur Henri will serve my purpose well enough to pull the chestnuts out of the fire. It may be wise that I should not be seen with the young lady, or by her before the time of action arrives. I shall have to take this note to Mr. Denon, and get an answer from him. That will settle the business." He lay down and snatched a few hours' sleep, but he was one of those men who require but little rest. That same evening again saw him in the Author of Pandora's Box," "The Loser pays," " Eagle Joe," " His Angel," " The Great Bocklcs thwaite Mystery," " A leading say," " Scarlet Fortune" "-Im«.W_h__l_,"¿io. Northern camp. Again he delivered the batch of Richmond papers, and again he was highly complimented. On the Sunday morning he walked to Savage Station and delivered Helene's note, Denon was in ecstasy. "You are a marvellous man," he said. "I don't know how you do it, but such gratitude as I can show in yours. What shall I say in reply to Miss Lenore ?" " Say simply, ' You can trust implicitly to the friend who brings this note. He will help to accomplish your wish and mine,'" suggested Quayle. On the Monday Quayle was back again in Richmond, and on the same day he Bent Denon's little missive by post to Helene. Denon's second note acted like a magic charm upon Helene. Who was this mysterious personage who flitted between the Southern and Northern lines like an imperceptible Ariel, who delivered her letters to a man who was separated from her by a line of fire and steel, who returned to her bearing to her message, and who had, so far, been an invisible to her eyes as a spirit of the air ? She had decided, if facilities were afforded her for so doing, to risk the journey to the Northern camp. She was not prompted by love or pity, by affection or charity, but the idea had the charm of danger and of romance about it. She was not a romantic woman, but her life had been one of very even tenor lately, and the excitement of the venture thrilled her already. "After all," she said to herself, " these Yankees are not barbarians or savages, they will not hurt a woman even if they capture her, and I think I have named a few men in my life. I shall be ready to take a few more." Colonel Adams had recovered so far that the doctors had given permission to have him removed to the residence of a friend in the country; some forty or fifty miles from Richmond, where the greater quiet, and. the air undefiled by the vicinity of the Chickahominy swamps, would hasten his restora- tion to complete health and activity. The colonel was to be sent thereon the following day, and Helene was to accompany him. Where an excuse is to be found for anything, a woman is sure to be able to fashion one. plane arranged with Colonel Adams to go with him to his friend's residence, and then to return to Richmond for the purpose of superintending certain household affairs. Tiie'Be, she said, would occupy about a week. After that time she would come to him again. Adams readily consented. Helene had become dearer to him every day, and from regarding her as a daughter, his feelings had changed to an affection of a different kind, and he hoped and longed for the day when "he would dare to ask her to become his wife. His attentions had become more marked, and Helene was glad of the opportunity to escape them. The excuse of the journey to Richmond gave her time to go to the Federal camp, and to return if her mysterious guide and protector could so arrange. She therefore wrote a note as follows: " I have again received the lines which you so kindly have forwarded to me. I go with the Colonel to Columbia the day after to-morrow, and shall be free to meet you on Monday or Tuesday next at any place you may appoint. Kindly send me your instructions and I will implicitly follow them." She enclosed this little note in an envelope and sent Sue with it to the camp to give it to Henri. The next morning she received the following reply, brought to her by Henri : " If you can arrange to be at Ashland on Tuesday evening next, the 24th inst., about seven o'clock, I will meet you at Crockett's Tavern, and I will then comply with your wish. Will you also do me the favour to ask the Colonel for a week's leave for the bearer of this note ?" Helene had no difficulty in obtaining the requisite permit for Henri. She did not even mention who the soldier was. Adams was only too happy that she should ask him for anything - no matter what - and he granted her request without a question of why or who. When the young Frenchman came to Quayle's rooms and brought him Helene. reply, agreeing to meet him at the appointed place, Quayle for the first time felt a shiver creep through him, and a repugnance which he had not known before chilled his blood. " Bah I" he said to himself. "It is not a nice job, but it has to be done. Besides who knows I may be able to get that sweep to do it for me." He walked up and down the room, then nearly rushed to the whisky bottle. He mixed himself a large tumblerful of the spirit and of water, and swallowed the liquid | at a gulp. "Ah, Mr. Robert Berinquay," he said, "you don't know how much nearer you are to-day to those millions of Mademoiselle Helene than you were yesterday. When this job is over, Dixieland will know me no more, nor Yankeedom either. I'll be Ho for Old England I And I shall be glad to get back to London. I'll have a better chance this time with one hundred thousand pounds in my pocket." XXIX. Quayle - plan was fiendishly Simple. After meeting Helene on the Tuesday evening at Ashland, a village about eighteen miles to the north-west of Richmond, he would take her south-east, outside of the pickets of both armies, to a ruined hut in a field not far from the Union lines at Beaver Dam Creek. He had provided himself with a couple of short, but very heavy, revolvers, carrying bullets of the Southern army pattern. He had also secured a small phial filled with a powerful narcotic, which he intended to mix with the water Helene would be given to drink. ' Drugged, and rendered insensible, Helene would be ruthlessly shot through the head, and left in the little hut, whilst he and Henry made their way to General M'Clellan headquarters, either by surrendering to the Federal pickets or by evading them. There he would give information that a lady whom he had promised to bring through the lines to see Colonel Denon, at Colonel Denon's request, had been killed during the night by a shot from a Southern patrol, and that her body was lying just outside the lines. Upon this statement he felt sure that Haldane's corpse would be brought into the Northern camp, where her identification by Denon, and afterwards by Jack, would naturally complete his diabolic scheme. On the Tuesday morning Quayle was making his preparations. He had provided Henri with a civilian's suit similar to his own, armed him with one of the two revolvers, and provided him with a tin canteen of the type used by both armies for the purpose of carrying water. For himself he selected, besides his own water canteen, of the same make as Henri's, a second one, which he filled with some of the most fiery and youngest apple brandy he could buy. "This," he said to himself, will fire Monsieur Henri's brains if anything will. If he has not got courage himself, it will give him some of the Dutch quality." he passed the early morning hours in tearing up most of his papers, and in selecting a few of paramount importance, which he put into his wallet for future use. He did not intend to return to Richmond, whatever the upshot of the enterprise might be, and the papers which he carried about him had to be chosen with great care and judgment, so as not to embarrass him in case of an adverse investigation. That being done, he went at about 8 o'clock in the forenoon to the usual place of rendezvous of the Intelligence Department for the purpose of obtaining a pass for himself and a servant to the north of the lines near Mechanicsville. He intended, if possible, to do without such a pass, but he was aware from what he had overheard that some movement or other was on the boards, and he wanted to be provided against the inquisitive and perhaps obstructive attention of the Southern cavalry patrols outside. It was here that he made the only mistake in his otherwise extremely cunningly laid plan. He left Monsieur Henri in his room, and for greater security locked him in. Monsieur Henri, having nothing better to do, walked from one room to the other after the manner of an impatient caged bear, sitting down first in one place, then in another, and kicking about the odds and ends with which the doors were littered, Quite by an accident his glance alighted on a little square piece of paper, evidently a cutting from a newspaper, which probably had fallen from Quayle, hand unobserved, and which had escaped the general destruction. It was an advertisement, and was cut from the Moniteur of June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight It was in French, and ran as follows":- S . REWARD OF FIFTY THOUSAND FRANCS. A reward of fifty thousand francs will be paid to the person or persons who will give information of the present whereabouts, of Helen Berinquay, only daughter of the late Herbert Berinquay, of Beria quay Mnnor, Dei onBhiro, who is supposed to be living In Paris under the care of of a man named Kuatromo Farlow c. The said Helen Berinquay is sixteen years of ago. As a child she was remarkable for nor sparkling large deep blue eyes. Buslromo Farlow's _ a cripple. His right Ici; Is paralysed. He is about sixty years of age, and very likely looks older. The above reward will be paid to any person who will give the information above required, the Bald Holon llcrinquny being entitled to a fortune amounting to nearly fifty millions of francs. Address all communications to the Honourable Walter Glaydcl, at No. 21 Rue du Faubourg, St. Germain, or to Mr. Charles Long, of Bell-street, London, solicitor.'' Henry read and re-read the little paper. " Helen Berinquay I" he said to himself in French. "Helen Berinquay. What has Quayle to do with a newspaper cutting offer- ing a reward of 50,000 francs for the discovery of Helen Berinquay?" "'As a child she was remarkable for her large deep blue eyes.' Why," he continued to himself, "Helene has remarkably large sparkling deep blue eyes, and as I come to think of it. Jean Lemare was a cripple, and his right leg was paralysed. Quayle," he went on, wants me to help him to do away with Helene. Somebody wants her dead, th.>.'<» quite evident. If anybody is oftener. t0 p . 50,000 francs to be able to find her alive, most likely somebody else will be able to pay 50,000 francs to be able to prove her dead. I shall have to think this business men." He put the little paper into his pocket, and searched around the room for further testimony. He turned over every morsel of paper that he could see, read every scrap covered with writing or printing, but all the rest proved uninteresting and useless to him. Shortly after that Quayle returned with his posses. The chief of the department had grumbled about furnishing a permit for a servant, but had finally given way. The next thing that Henri noticed was that Quayle poured a quantity of colourless liquid into his canteen out of a little bottle marked " Poison." " Vat sat for " he asked. "That's to help us in our business," Quayle said. "You needn't drink out of my canteen, and I won't drink out of it That's all you have to take care of." henri simply ejaculated " Oh I " and continued his self-comtnunings. Everything being prepared, Quayle and Henry immediately started on their eighteen miles' journey to Ashland. The walk along the dusty road beneath the broiling Virginian summer sun proved anything but enticing, and after a while Quayle struck out into the fields, taking advantage of every coppice of trees and every knoll of woodland. The early noon brought them to the edge of the Chickahominy swamp. Here the sight of a farmhouse made Monsieur Henri hungry and thirsty, and he rebelled against further progress without having appeared either craving. Quayle offered him his canteen of apple- jack. "No, was Henri's sturdy reply; "Inot drink sat." "What do you want, then?" Burlily demanded Quayle. I want milk. I want bread. I get some years." "Then you won't do anything of the kind," was Quayle, retort. "Not before we are outside of the Southern lines. I don't want to have the patrols sent after me and to be stopped on my road." The right of a slice of cold fried bacon between two biscuits pacified Monsieur Henri, who expressed himself content with a drink from his own canteen, which he himself had talked. After that Quayle struck out in a north-westerly direction, and they crossed the Chickahominy on a partly burned trestle bridge, the charred timbers of which rocked and swayed while they carefully crawled over. Having crossed, and having passed the adjoining swamp, Quayle permitted a rest in the shade of a plantation of red oaks, where they had the advantage of being themselves unseen, while they commanded a view of a couple of miles of undulating and nearly tree- less country beyond, where every horseman and, for the matter of that every wayfarer could be seen as he approached from the for distance. Henri was lying in the shadow with his hands locked beneath his head, looking at the patches of blue sky visible through the overhanging roof of leaves. The name, " Helen Berinquay, Helen Berry- quay," kept ringing in his ears. Fifty thousand francs reward Fifty thousand francs reward She is entitled to a fortune of fifty million francs I" Amid this chaos of unconnected thoughts one phrase rang out clear and shrill, "Quayle want me to kill her, Quayle wants me to kill her. She is worth fifty million francs, and Quayle wants me to kill her." He rose to a sitting position on a sudden, rubbing his knees, and swaying his body to and fro. " Quayle wants me to kill her," he said to himself, " and if we are found out they will hang me. Quayle is cunning and clever. He will get off somehow, and he will reap the reward which they advertised years ago. I shall be the man who will suffer. But I will not suffer." He clapped his hands in a silent joy, as a seemingly brilliant thought flashed across his mind. "If nature is worth fifty million francs why should not I have a portion of that fortune ? Why should not I marry her ?" He stroked his beard, and twirled his moustache in a defiant vanity. "I am not so bad looking, he said, "and I don't see why I should not marry her. She evidently knows nothing of her fortune. She need not know anything about it until she is my wife. "Yes," he said to himself, after further thought, "Helene olive is worth more to me than nine dead, Helene shall not die." XXX. Quayle made up his mind not to be seen too long at Ashland, a place where every in- habitant was imbued with aggressively Southern sympathies, and where, for all he knew, Southern patrols might be hid and pounce upon him. Of course he had his passes, upon sight of which they would have to liberate him, but at the same time he was afraid of being for lowed and watched. These Southern cavalry men were head strong fellows who had opinions of their own, and who were often not slow in carrying these into execution. If, upon watching him, they surmised that he was going to cross into the Yankee camp, they might take it into their heads to carry him back to their officers for examination. He could not afford to risk that. The diabolic mission upon which he had started brooked no delay. It was calculated to an exact nicety of time, and any stoppage might prove detrimental. There was no going back. He had to succeed this time, or give up all hope of the reward which had so long dangled before his greedy eyes. For this reason he allowed Henri to roll about on the grass and moss until the sun already stood low on the western horizon before starting on the remaining portion of the journey. It might have been 7 o'clock, nearly to the minute, when the pair arrived, dust and travel stained, at Crockett. Tavern. The streets of the little village were nearly deserted. An old negro woman, from whom Henri and Quayle obtained a couple of cup. of milk, told them that a farmer living . dozen miles or so away had ridden in a few hours back, and had brought the news that a large body of troops were approaching, but whether they were Federals or Confederates he knew not. Only about half-a-dozen able bodied white men remained in the village, and these had ridden out to reconnoitre, leaving the place peopled by the women and children and their negro servants. The news proved no enigma to Quayle, who immediately came to the conclusion that the troops marching towards Ash and were General Jackson's men, whose movements in the Shenandoah Valley had combined unusual rapidity with mystery. If he could convey the information to the Federal headquarters by daybreak it would immensely increase his influence. The first person whom Quayle and Henri saw, sitting on the verandah of the little hotel, was alone herself. Coming from a westerly direction, she had met with no impediment, and being furnished not only with a general pass, but also with a requisition order signed by General A. P, Hill-a document which only a major-general in full service was entitled to give-she had had no difficulty in procuring horses to enable her to reach Ashland in comfort. A well-to-do and gallant citizen had driven her to the outskirts of the village in his buggy, and had returned without going further for fear of meeting the Yankee cavalry, which he said had been seen prowl- ing about in the neighbourhood. In those days all ladies wore crinolines, and the ladies of the South, in spite of their antipathies against anything made in Yankecdom, could not be prevailed upon to give up the bird cages of silk-covered watch spring steel, which were made by the gross in New York and Portland factories. Helene, however, had on this occasion surrendered herself to more suitable attire, wearing a plain drab travelling dress without the customary extension, and a simple black straw hat. She rose calmly when she saw Henri and Quayle. The latter, of course, she did not recognise, but greeting Henri with a smile, she held out her hand to his companion. "I suppose you are the gentleman who has been so kind to me," she said. "I don't know that I have been particularly kind to you, Miss Lemure," said Quayle with a profuse courtesy. I am simply about to keep a promise solemnly made to my friend and your friend, Colonel Denton." "Do you think you will be able to keep your promise?" asked alone. "I seldom fail in accomplishing a task I set myself," was Quayle's grim rejoinder. "We had better not stay too long here. Have you a score to settle ? " "I have only had a glass of milk," answered alone, and I have paid for that" " In that case," said Quayle, may I suggest that we start immediately The sooner we are away from here the better." . Helene had taken but little notice of Henri, bat Henri had passed the time in looking at her closely, intent upon his own thoughts. "Yes," he said to himself, "there can be no doubt about it. Those large deep blue eyes are remarkable. There are no other eyes like that in the world, I should say. Helene Lenore must be Helen Berinquay, and she is devilishly handsome, handsome enough for anybody, even for me. No I am afraid," be continued in his aclf-communinga, " I shall have to put a spoke into Monsieur Quayle- wheel. After all I don't see why he should have all the profit and 1 all the risk and blows. I want some of the profit myself, and let him take his chance." He tried to think in his dull mind how he was to act, and what he was to do so far away from' Richmond and from any place he knew, but at last he-shook himself with a wearied annoyance. I don't, care," he said to himself. " Let things take their course, but upon one thing I am resolved I am going to have my try for a share of those fifty millions, no matter what comes of it. If I am to bang, I had better hang with a chance of such a sum than for doing Monsieur Quayle's dirty work." When they had proceeded about a mile in a northerly direction, as if intent upon travelling into the open country towards the South Anna, Quayle, coming to a little eminence where he could survey the surrounding country, suddenly climbed over a fence, and struck out through a coppice of pines, due south- east. Here he sat down on a gnarled root of a tree, and invited Helene and Henri to take seats close by him. " We shall have to wait here," he said, " until it gets a little darker. We can easily cover the distance we have to go in about a couple of hours. It is only about six miles. -Hiti-'i'ou-will be able to rest, Miss Lemure, as we will have to wait until the morning mist rises to conceal us while we cross the line." On a sudden the noise of many horses' hoofs reached them from the distance, and it soon became apparent that Quayle had chosen his point of vantage not many minutes too soon. trial shall have to ask you to lie down, and keep out of sight, Miss Lemure," said Quayle, crawling to a spot where he could catch a glimpse of the road through the openings between the pines. A couple of minutes passed in a breathless silence, while the tramp, tramp, tramp, tramp, of the horses approached closer, and in a few minutes more a number of horse- men, followed by a considerable detachment of Southern cavalry, came along the open road, some fifty or sixty yards behind them, at a gentle trot. "The. horsemen passed on without scouring the woods which fringed the road, and then Quayle again breathed more freely. ' "A reconnaissance out!" he said to himself " That means that things are moving. T-efsOoner I get my job over, and into the Yankee camp, the better." When the cavalry had passed away, Quayle crept down to the side of the road, and looked out towards the open. The cavalry had disappeared at a turn of the pike, and no other being was in sight. Lying down, Quayle put his car to the ground, and listened. Nothing was audible except the dull hum of a streamlet nearby, rushing over its uneven bed, and the sounds of the hoofs, growing more indistinct every moment. " We can get on now," said Quayle, when he had returned to his companions. And they immediately started on their journey, needing no obstacle, climbing over fences, crossing cornfields in full stalk, and taking their course through fields covered with brambles and blackberries. The road was a rough one for a woman, line Helene seemed determined not to be beaten by the two men. Now and then she bit her lip when forcing her way through a thicket of brambles more than usually obstinate and aggressive. Though her gown had become a mass of little rents and tears, and tiny spots of blood stood upon her hands in various places, no murmur escaped her lips. After a while they reached the woods again, and the solemn solitude of the pines and the reef reshingscent of the cedars acted soothingly upon Horne's disturbed nerves. She had kept asking herself along the road why, after all, she had undertaken this journey which, to say the least, was disagreeable, and, perhaps, undignified for a woman, and though she persisted in answer- ing herself, " It is for Donon'a Bake. It is for Jack's sake," she knew in her heart that, when all came to be told, she did not really care enough for either of them to have willingly pricked her fingers as she had done. the petty pain annoyed her, but at the name time there was the pleasurable excitement and novelty of the danger she was running. The whole undertaking seemed to her surrounded by a halo of romance such as she had often read about and now that she was in the midst of it she did not resent its pains and perils. As she walked along by Quayle's side, and looked at the rough red beard, the thin, sharp, unprepossessing face, and the crafty, cold, oblong blue eyes, she could not help saying to herself that this was not the kind of man from whom she would have expected gallantry and nobility of sentiment. But then she argued with herself that appearances were often untrustworthy, and Henri's presence, somehow or other, ROVO her a feeling of security, She had been the cause of sending near to penal servitude, it was true, but it never entered her mind that the Frenchman would dream of revenging himself upon her for what had happened so long ago. She looked upon him as a protection rather in case of danger, and thought that Henry would not be walking near her if he were not sure of his friend's trustworthiness and honour. She had been so long accustomed to hold all men In subjection and willing slavery that it never dawned upon her that a man lived who would dare to betray her much less wantonly attack her. Thus they journeyed on across fields and through woods, up inclines and down little dales, until after passing through a dense forest of pines, they arrived at the edge of a field where alone could see a ruined hut, probably formerly used as a store shed, standing some dozen yards away. They were then in the dense black shade of the trees, and there Quayle asked them to stop while he reconnoitred the position. Helene could see a couple of meadows, sloping down towards a narrow creek, which was lined on both sides by sparse plantations of trees, and beyond these trees, the ground rising again, with dark streaks of breast- works lining the ground. She could see points glittering in the moonlight on the top of these dark lines, and even nearer by, amid the trees by the creek, specks of light shone now and then as the rays of the moon fell upon the arms of the pickets there. Beyond the dark lines the ground gently sloped up again until the topmost ground was bordered by an uneven line of trees, among which the roof and chimneys of a farmhouse stood out in a search grey against the greenish blue sky. "I want you to be very quiet at present, Miss Lemure," whispered Quayle. " We are now in sight of the Yankee pickets. They cannot notice us, because we are in the shadow, but if we advance further they will see us and fire upon us without further ado. We shall have to wait here until the early morning, when the thick mist which always rises from the low-lying ground will shelter us. Then we can creep into the lines between the felled trees that you see on the left there, and after that the rest of the journey will be easy." Helene readily expressed her consent. "What I propose that you should do, Miss Lemure," continued Quayle, " is that you will take shelter in that hut there. I know the place. There is a quantity of straw in one corner. It will not afford a luxurious couch, but one as comfortable as you can expect under the circumstances. You can rest there undisturbed, and we will watch outside. With this, he led the way cautiously to the little hut. Horne's heart stood still nearly as she peered into the place. The moon was shining through the broken roof, and in the greenish, patchy light it looked as if it were haunted by ghosts. The corner where the straw lay was dark as pitch, and Helene stopped on the threshold undecidedly. " You need not be afraid," Quayle went on in an encouraging whisper. " The little shed is not a hotel or a palace, but you will find it more bearable than you think. It is a fine night, and you will not feel cold. I suppose you must be thirsty, he said, slinging around his canteen. " May I offer you a drink of water?" He had already unBtoppered Ina canteen, into which Henri had seen him pour the contents of the poison bottle, when Helene stopped him. " Thank you," she said "I am very much obliged to you, but I have in my satchel a flask of cold tea, which is the most refreshing drink I can think of." With this she opened her satchel to take out the flask, and in doing so Seemingly unconsciously showed a revolver, a small one, but quite big enough to make her personality respected. Quayle bit his lips, and if it had not been for the treacherous moonlight alone might have seen him turn grey with disappoint- ment and rage. But there was nothing to be said. Baffled as he was, Quayle had to take his chances as they arose. "As you wish, he said. "If your tea should not be sufficient I shall be happy to supply you from my canteen." " Very well," answered alone, and entered the hut. " Curse my luck," muttered Quayle to himself. "That is the first disappointment Are there any more coming ? I shall have to wait until she really falls asleep of her own accord. It would not do to attempt it while she is awake. She would scream, and in this silence the pickets over there would hear her, and that would spoil all possible chance of my tale being believed, Mr. Denon might take it into his head to charge me with murdering the woman, and, by Jove, it would not take him long to get me hanged if he made up his mind that way." He crept up to where Henry sat at the foot of a tree. " She would not drink from my canteen, he whispered. " I should think not," replied Henri grimly. " Your face not your fortune. If I you, even start on work like zia I change face, sell face, get anozer if I must steal it. Your face not inspire confidence." "Silence I" growled Quayle in a hoarse whisper. "Why don't you shout? Do you want her to hear you? We shall have to wait now until she is really asleep, and then you will have to do it. When the mist is on the land sound travels strangely, and the pickets won't know where that shot was fired, nor how, or by whom. You will have to be careful to fire it in the hut, so that they shan't see the flash. Mind you aim straight at the head, so that, if possible, one shot will be sufficient. Remember Toulon, and avenge us both. Do you think you have got nerve to do it?" j " Nerve I " scowled Henri. I sink I 'ave nerve for more man sat to-night." 