THE STOEYTELLER The Scallywag. By Grant Allen. Chapter XLIII. — RELICT OF THE LATE LIONEL SOLOMONS. They waited on at Lizard Town till after the funeral. Mr. Solomons, in a certain dazed and dogged fashion, went through with it all, making his arrangements for a costly Cornish serpentine monu ment with a short inscription in memory of Leo, to the outward eye almost as if nothing very much out of the way had happened ; but Paul, looking below the surface, could easily see that in his heart of hearts the poor broken old money-lender was utterly crashed and shattered by this terrible disillusion ment. It wasn't merely the loss of his nephew that weighed down his grey hairs — though that in itself wuuiu ouvc gone iux lo Drew iiiru — 11 won me huh, me and disgrace of his crime and his ingratitude, the awful awakening that overtook him so suddenly in the boat that morning. He could hardly even wish his nephew alive again, knowing him now exactly for what he was : yet the way he leant over the coffin where that bruised and battered face lay white and still in its st-ll white grave-clothes muttering, ' Leo, Leo,' to himself as he gazcd on it, was pain fully pathetic for any one 1o look upon. Paul knew that the old man's life was clean cut away from under him. The end for which he had laboured to hard and so sternly for so many years was removed at one swoop from his path in I fe ; and the very re Nea's prudent father took special care they should all go out into the garden for the brief interview, and that he himself should keep at a safe distance with a convenient sister-in-law, pacing the lawn.— Chapter XLIY. membranoe of it now was a pang and a humiliation to him. Paul observed, however, that in the midst of this unspeakable domestic tragedy, Mr. Solomons Eeemed to recline upon his shoulderfor aid, and to trust and confide in him with singular unreserve, even more fully than heretofore. On the very evening of Leo's funeral, indeed, as he sat alone in his own room at tbe Lizard Hotel, Mr. Solomons came to him with that white and impassive face he had preserved ever since the morning of the wreck ; and, beckoning to him with hiB hand, said, in an ominous tone of too collected calmness, ' Gome into my room, Sir Paul ; that woman is- coming to speak with me to-night, and I want you to be by to hear whatever ehe may have to tell me.' Paul rose in slenc3,.much exercised in soul. He had fears of his' own as to how Madame Ceriolo's. story might further lacerate the poor old man's torn heart ; but he went reluctantly. Madame Ceriolo had stopped on: at the Lrzi rd, meanwhile/partly be cause die felt herself compelled in common decency to wait where the was till Leo was buned, but partly also becauee ihewante j to know how nfiich, if any thing, Leo's widow might still hope to extract out of old Cento-Cento's well-fil'6d pockets. She had stood ostentatiously that (lay beside Lionel So'onii ns's open pave with much 'display of that kind. - f grief L* tokened by c -pious use of a r e it cimbr'c p'cVet handkerchief with a coronet iu the con er ; and f he was very well satisfied whio, in the evening, Mr. ?Solomons sent a curiously-worded card to Ler iti her own room : ' If you will step into my parlour for halfan hour's talk, about 8 o'clock, I wish t - speak with you.' The little adventuress came in to the minute, with very red eye3, and with sufh an attempt at im promptu mourning as her hasty researches among the HelBton shop 3 hai already allowed her to im provise for the occasion. Her get up, under the circumstances, was strictly irreproachable. She looked the very p'ctare of incons 'lable grief, not wholly unmixed with a sad state of pecuniary desti tution. It disconcerted her a little when she saw Paul, too, was to be included m the family party — he knew too much to be quite agreeable to her — but she quickly recovered her equanimity on that score and appealed to ' fcjir Paul ' with simple womanly eloquence as an old Mentone friend, as the very person who had been the means of first introducing her to her own dear Lionel. Mr. Solomons listened with erimly impervious face. ' What I want to hear,' he said at last, fairly confronting the little woman w.th his sternly critical eje, ' is, What do you know about this dreadful business ?' ' WTiat business ?' Madame Ceriolo asked, with a little tearful astonishment. Mr. Solomons eyed her again even more sternly than before. ' You know very well what business,' he retorted with some scorn. ' Don't make an old m-m g.) over his shame again, woman. By this time all Cornwall has heard it from the detective, no doubt. If you pretend not to know you'll only exasperate me. Let's be plain with one another. Tcur best chance in this matter is to be perfectly straightforward.' His tone took Madame Ceriolo completely by sur prise. She had never before in her life been placed ia a position where her 1 It tie feminine wiles and | pretences proved utterly useless. She gasped for i breath for a second, and stare i blankly at the s'ern I old man, out of whom this terrible episode seemed to have driven for ever all the genuine kernel of geniality and kindness. Paul was truly sorry for her mute embarrassment. ' I— I — don't know what you mean,' she an swered at last, leaning back in her chair aud bursting into real, irrepressible, womanly tears. ' I thought you wanted to speak to me as Lionel's widow.' Mr. Solomons lei her lean back and cry till *he was bred. Meanwhile he stood and eyed her with undisguised grlmness. ' As soon as you're capable of reasonable talk,' he sa'd at last, in a cold, clear tone, 'I have some questions to ask you. Answer them plainly if you want attention.' Madame Ceriolo stifled her sobs with 'an effort, aud dried her eyes. She was xeally and truly frightened now. She saw she had made a false step — perhaps an irretrievable one — or, rather, she saw that the wreck and discovery, and Lionel's death, had so completely upset all her well-laid plans for her future in life that retreat in any direction was well-nigh impossible. She was the victim of con tingencies, sacrificed by fate on the altar of the unforeseen. (She composed herself, however, with what grace she nrght, and ' answered bravely, through the ghost of a sob, but in a creditably firm voice, that she was quite prepared now to consider any questions Mr. S jlomoiis might put to her. Mr. Solomons, 6ittiog there, wrecked and un manned himself, began once more in a mood of hollow calmness : ' You say yen come a3 Lionel's widow. Is that true, in the first place ? Were you ever married to him ? If so, when, where, and what evidence have you?' With the conscious pride of the virtuous British matron at last achieved, Madame Ceriolo drew fron her pocket an official- looking paper, which the ha'-ideJ across at once for Mr. Sol jmons's inspec tion. ' There's my mirriajre certificate,' she said simply, 'sivedfrom the week.' She felt she was scoring. The old man had miscalculated atd mis understood her character. Mr. Solomons scanned it close and hard. ' This seems perfectly correct,' he said at last, in his cold, stern tone. ' I can find no mistake ia it. My poor bo7's signature, firm and clear as ever. An 1 on Saturday last, too ! Oh, G d ! the Bhame of it ! ' Madame Ceriolo bowed, and answered nothing. Mr. Solomons gazed at it and sighed three times. Then hi looked up once m?re with a fiercely scru tinising look at the strange wo ran. ' Lionel Solomons/' he murmured half to himself, penning the marriage-lines through his slowly rolling tears, ' L-.onel Solomons. My poor boy's ojpn signature ; Lionel Solomons. No deception there. AU plain and aboveboard.' Then he raised his face, and met Mad a Tie Cariolo's eye3 with sudden vehement inquiry. ' But you called yourselves Burton on board,' he continued fiercaly. ' You were Mrs. liurton, you know, to your fellow-passengers. Why did you do that, if you were all so innocent ?' The unexpectedness of the question took Madame's breath away once more. A second time she broke down and began to cry. Paul looked across at her with genuine sympithy. No young man, at least, can bear to see tear3 in a pretty woman's eye3, rightly or wrongfully. But Mr. Solom on 3 felt no such human weakness. He paused as bef ra, rhada mantine in his severity, and awaited her restoration to a rational and collected frame of mind for under going further cross-examination. Madame cried on silently for a moment or so, and then dried her tears. ' You're very cruel,' she murmured, sobbing, ' so soon after poor de;r Lionel's death, too ! You're very, very cruel ! ' Mr. Solomons waved his hand impatiently on one side. '* You lured him to his death,' he answered with grim, retributive sternness. ''No talk like that, if you please. It only aggravates me. I mean to do what I think is just, if you'll answer my questions truly and simply. I ask you again : Why, if you please, did you cill yourself Burton?' ' Poor Leo told me to,' Madame sobbed, quite nonplussed. ' Did he explain his reasons f' Mr. Solomons persisted. ' N — Not exactly. . . . He sa'd he mast go in cognito to South Americi. ... I thought he might have business reasons of his own. ... I come of a noble Tyrolase family myself. I don't understand business.'' ' Nonsense !' Mr. Solomons answered with crush ing promptitude. *' Don't talk like that. Sherrard, my detective, has got up the cise again&t; you. Here are his telegrams from town, and, if I chose, I could prosecute ; but for L'jo's sake — for Leo's memory's sake — I prefer to leave it.' He faltered for a moment. '? I couldn't have Leo's name dragged through the mud in the Courts,' he went on, with a melting in flection in his stern voice ; ' and for his sake— for dead Leo's sake— I've induced Sherrard and the S co Hand Yard people not to proceed for the present against you. But that's all lies. You know it's lies. You're the daughter of an Italian organ grinder, born in a court oft Saffron-lane, and your mother was a ballet-girl at Drury Lane Theatre. Madame bowed her head, and wept silently once more. ' You— you're a cruel, hard man,' she murmured half inaudibly. But Mr. Solomons had screwed his righteous in dignation up to a sticking-point now, and was not to be put down by such feminine blandishments. ' You're a grown woman, too,' he went on, staring hard in her face, and flinging out his words at her with angry precision. ' You're a woman of the world ; and you're forty, if you're a day— though ( you've falsely put yourself down in the marriage lints as twenty-eight— and you know as well as I do that you're not so innocent, and trustful, and con fiding as all that comes to ; you perfectly well understand why . . . my poor boy wanted to give himself a false name on board the Dom Pedro. Y ou perfectly well understood why he wanted to rob me ; and you egged him on, you egged him on to it. If you ' hadn't egged him on, he'd never have done it. My poor Leo was far too clever a lad to do such a foolisli thing as that — except with a woman driving him. There's nothing on earth a man won't do when a woman like you once gets fairly hold of him. It's you that have done it all ; it's you that are guiltiest ; it's vou that have robbed me of my money — and of Leo.' Madame Ceriolo cowered with her face in her han'is, but answered nothing. Clever woman as she was, and swift to do evil, she was still no match for au old man's fiery indignation. ' But you did worse than that,' Mr. Solomons went on. after a brief pause, like an accusing angel. ' You did worse than that. For all that, I m'ght. . perhaps, in the end forgive you. Bat what else you did I can never forgive. In the last hour of all you bisely deszrted him !' Madame Ceriolo raised her head and stared him wildly back. ' No. I didn't,' she cried in anger. 'I didn't, I didn't!' Mr. Solomons rose and looked down upon her with scorn. More lie?,' he answered contemptuously. ' More lies still, woman. Those who were with you on the steamer that night have told me all. Don't try to deceive me. When you saw all hope was gone, you left him to his fate, and thought only of saving your own wretched life— you miserable creature ! You left him to drown. Yon know you left him.' . ' He would go back to his cabin to fetch his valuables ! ' Madame Ceriolo moaned. ' It wasn't my fault. I tried to dissuade htm.' ' Lies,' Mr. Solomons answered once more ? with astonishing vehemence. ' You let him go willingly. You abetted him in his errand. Yoa wanted to be r:d of him. And as soon as he was gone, yon tried to save yourself by jumping into a boat. I have found out everything. You missed your jump, and were caT.ed off by the wave. Bnt you never waited or cared to know what had become of Leo. Your one thought was for your own miserable neck, vou Delilah!' Madame Ceriolo plunged her faice in her hands afresh, and still answered nothing. She must hold her tongue for prudence sake, lest speech should undo her. The old man had spoken of doing what was just. There were still hopes he might relent to some practical purpose. It was best not to reply and needlessly irritate him. So she sobbed mutely on, and waited for a turn in the tide of his emotions. ( Continusi on page 1136.) ;-For many minut^Mr.-Solomons went-on talking, explaining,partly to her.and par tly to Paul^ , who , looked ,on~ somewhat- horrifieS., - the - nature of , the whole conspiracy, as7 he understood it, and Madame still cowered and shook, with Bobbing. - At last Mr..-. Solomons'' ^paused, and allowed her to recover her equanimity a'-Jittle. Then he began once more, eying heristerrily as. ever. 'And ndw,Jwdman,',.he said, ' if I'.d only wanted to tell you all .-this, I wouldn't have sent for you at all -this; evening. But I wished also to give you a chance qf explaining, if explanation was ? possible, before I. decided, You take refuge in lies, and will explain nothing. So I know the worst, I believe, is true. You concocted this .plan, andr when you found it was failing, you basely tried to deeert my poor Lionel., . . . Vejry well ; on that score I owe you -nothing, -but fourteen years' imprisonment, with .hard labour. Still,' I -loved Lionel; and I can never forget that you are Lionel's widow. This paper you give me shows me you :were his wife — a pitiful wife for such a man as my Lionel. But lie made you his wife, and I respect his decision.., As long as you live I sliall pay you an allowance of £200 a-year. 1 will give a- lump sum that will bring in that much to tbe Jewish Board of Guardians of London : they, shall hold it iu trust for you during your life, aud on your death it will, revert to the poor of my own people. . . If ever you'd told me you'd -wanted to marry Leo you'd- have been richer far — a great deal richer than even Leo suspected— for I've done well for myself in life : for Leo - for Leo. But you chose to go to work the underhand way, and that -shall be your penalty. You may know what you've lost. Never come near my sight agaiu. Never write to me or communicate with ine in any way hereafter. Never dare ;to ob trude yourself on my eyes for a moment. But take your tw 3 hundred. . . . .Take them and go away. ... Do you accept my conditions ?' Madame felt there was no use in further pretences now. ' I do,' she answered calmly, drying her reddened eve3 with surprising ease. 41 Two hundred a-year for lite, payable quarterly ?' Mr. Solomons nodded. 'Just so,' he said. 'Now go, woman.' , Madame Ceriolo hesitated. 'This has ; been a curious interview,' she said, .'staring round and. mincing' a little, ' and Sir Paul Gascqyne and you ' will go away, perhaps, and take advantageof my silence to say to other people — r'.. ; - ,j;:. Mr. Solomons cut her short with a terrible look. ' 1 1 would never soil my lips with mentioning your name again,' he-cried out angrily.. '-You are, dead to me for ever. I've done with you now. . And as for S:r Paul Gascoyne— why, miserablecreature that you lire— don't you even know whea/liu'.lfiive a' gentleman to deal with ?' ' Madame Ceriolo bowed, and retreated hastily. It was an awkward interview, to. be sure ; but, . after all, two hundred a-year for life.is always something. And she ^thought that she could really and.., truly trust to the Scallywag's iunocence:: he wasone of those simple-minded, foolish young men^dojj^t you know, who 'have queer ideas of their own about the sacredness of honour! — Chapter XLIV. — ' A MODERN MIRACLE.' One other curious thing happened before tiS|y left Cornwall. At breakfast next morning, as:'titey eat moody and taciturn — for Mr. fc'olomons dldn't^eatly care to talk, nor Paul to break in upon hje'eom panion's blank misery— the elder man Blidd&ly; in terrupted the even flow of their silence by paying, with a burst, ' I think Mies Blair lives, ^Corn wall.' . ' She does,' Paul answered, starting, and' com pletely taken aback, for he had no idea Mr. Solomons even knew of hiB Nea's existence. Then,_after a Blight pause, he added Shyly, 'She' lives near Fowey.' . T ' We passed the junction station on ourway down, I noticed,' Mr. Solomons went on ju' a measured voice. ' Yes,' Paul replied, surprised once more that the old roan had observed it Young people always - imagine their little love-affairs entirely escape the eyes of their elders. Wiiich is absurd.- As a matter fact, everybody discovers them. ' We sliall pass it again on our way back,' Mr. Solomons went on, in that weary, dreary, dead-alive tone iu which he had said everything siuoe Lionel's death and Ins terrible awakening. ' Naturally,' Paul answered, looking up in amaze, and much wondering whither this enigmatic conver sation tended. ' _ -vR Mr. Solomons paused j and looked over towards him kindly. ' Paul, my boy,' he said, w.'th a little tremor in his throat— ' you'll excuse me calljpg you Paul now as I-iised.'to do;in the old days, yofe know —Paul, my bov, it seems a pity, now you're 36 near, you shouldn't dropiin as you pass and see her|£ gaul let, his fork drop iu blank astonishment. To he sure, he had thought as much 'a dozen tiuf&i; him self, but he had jiever dared to e^vj*Eagait aapracti cally possible. ' v' How gQod of jpou1»&ink;^f it — and novir^fspec'alJy explained, w»h fignuine gratitude. ' - Mr; SoJgpjofiso'iew h&pself; upj^ifflyi Andim-ze at. ouce. ':'.-I waB thinking,' he fafil, ''that a3 mat- ter of builnefs itmighlEBe well-S-J-ou^dt tha^ques tioa about marrying settled ..spine day, one way or the other. I regarded it oiily iil jhe ligliiof toy own interests— the interests of tbe'fewieu'wfdbjba and orphans. They're all I have left to^rork f^now ; but you don't get rid of the na&ra; oife lifetime in a day ; and I shall look after their monfey as riooked after— Lionel's. It's become an instinct with me. Now, you see, Sir Paul, I've got a vested interest, so to speak,- ia. your futusfc.-rit't} mortgaged to-mej in fact; as you -know ; arfd l must do niy best byit. If you won't many the sort of lady I ejepected^you to marry, and hada claim to believe youij iay to.marry in my interest — at least don't 'let ihe te a 18ser by your remaining single. - ; I've always considered that . being in lovers a very bad thing indeed for ^' man's business profcpeetk®- 1 1 upsets his mind, and prevents hrm from; poncenteatingliijiiself body and soul iju the work he has in lyiRd ' .A. man who has to make his own way in fheworld, 'therefore,' ought ltb do' one of two things; ' Either he '1 should' avoid ialling'Sn love at -all, which is much the - safest plan— I followed it myself— or else, if he can'.t do , that, he should jnarry out of hand, and be able to devote himself thence forward unreservedly to business.' Paul could hardly h^P-sm^g ayhis intensely . practical view pf ttiie situation^ iu spite'of 'the cold air of- utter despondency with which Mr.SDlomons de- . livered it : but he answered with as grave a face as' ^ lie could; ' I think myself: it may tact the other way — as a sppir andincentiVeiofuAhpr exertion.' '* No,' Mr. Solomons retorted firmly. 'In your case no. If you waited to many tiUyou'd^blearcd off .your debt, yott'dlose heart at once. As asecurity for myself, I advise you to marry as Boon as crer the-. . lady'UHSke^you;' ' . ' .. .J;. ' And yet,' Paul an6wered, ''it wasoonaiderafaon for ybur that maffeus both feel it wja utterly boldest*?.. U: -i -..?? «? Exactlyso,' Mr. Salomons; xepUeaj-ini^saine cold, hard voice. ' Tlfait'fljust where^it is, 7. What ch&jice; have l got ofr*ver see^g iw^on^r baek again ^my jiard-aved money, that ljadji^n'$ed for'} your educitifenattd to niake a gentienian of ypu— if : you begin by falling In love with a-^ennilg|s jgirl,' and feeling; both cf you, that it's utIerly hGpeless ? ' Is that - the'- kind of mood . that makes a man fit for earnipg- nflicaviiig money, I ask you ? ** ''Tm afraid not,^ Paul answered peli}ten$y. : 'And I'm -afraid not either,' Mr. Sotbmobp went on, with icy sternness. 'You've pa idiip regute rly so ?far— I admit in justice ; and, mind, I slrall- ex*; pect you.to.pay up just as regularly in -future. Don't siijjpos'fe for a moipe it ! won't look after the J ewish widows' and orphans' interests as carefully as ever I looked after .poor Lea's. You've got into debt with your eyes open, and you've got to get out of it now as best vou can.' (Paul, listening aghast, felt that his disillusionment had hardenel Mr. Solomons terribly.) And the only way I can see for you to do is to put the boldest face upon it at once, and marry this young lady.' ' .You think so P' Paul asked timidly, half- wish- ing .he. could see things in the same light. ?' Yes, I do,' Mr. Solomons replied with snappish promptitude. ' I look at it this way. You can keep your wife for very little more than it costs you to keep yourself ; and your talents will be set free for your work alone. You could teach her to help you capy your manuscript or work a typewriter. I ba lieve you'd earn twice as much in the end, if you married her for a typewriter, and you'd pay me off a great deal faster.' ' Well, I'll think about it,' Paul answered. 'D n't think about it,' Mr. Solomons replied with curt iucisiveness. 'In business thinking's the thief of opportunity. It's prompt decision that wins the priza. Stop at Fowey this very afternoon and talk it over offhand with the lady and her father.' And so, to his own immense surprise, almost before he'd time to realise the situation, Paul found himself by 3 o'clock that day knocking at the door of Mr. Blair's rectory. He knocked with a good deal of timorous hesita tion ; for though, to be sure, he had sent on a tele gram tD announce his coming to Nea, he was natur ally so modest aud diffident a young man that he greatly feared his reception by Nea?s father. Fathers are always such hard nuts to tackle. Indeed, to say the truth, Paul was even now, in spite of experience, slow to perceive the difference iu his position made by his accession to the dignity of the ba: o letcy. ±~o doubt every day would serve to open his eyes more to the real state of the case in this important par ticular ; but each 'such discovery stood alone, as it were, on its own ground, and left him almost as nervous as ever before each new situation, and almost as much surprised when that social 'Open sesame !' once more succeeded in working its familiar wonders. Any doubt he might have felt, however, disappeared almost at ones when Nea in person, more visibly agitated than he had ever yet beheld her, opened the door for him, and whea her father with profuse hospitality, instead of regarding him as a dangerous intruder, expressed with much warmth his profound regret that Sir Paul couldn't stop the night at the rectory. Nay, more, that prudent father took special care they should all go out into the garden for the brief interview, and that lie himself should keep at a safe distance with a convenient sister-in-law, pacing the lawn, while Paul and Nea walked on in front and discoursed.— presumably — about thq flowers in the border. Thu3 brought face to face with the future, Paul .. briefly, explained to Nea Mr. Solomons's new point of view, and the question which it left open so clearly before them. Now Nea was young, but Nea was a rock of L practical common sense, as your good ana im~ . pulsive West Country girl is often apt to te. -Instead of jumping foolishly at Mr. Solomons's pro posal beca'jisi. it offered a loophole for immediate marriage, as you or I would have done, she answered .at once, with judicious wisdom, that, much as she loved Paid, and much as she longed . for that im possible day to arrive when they .'two might be one, .she couldn't bear, even with Mr. Solomons's consent, so' far to burden Paul's already too heavily mort gaged future. ' Paul ! ' she said, trembling, for it was a hard wrench, ' if I loved you less, I mignt perhaps say ,yes ; but I love you so much that I must still say no to you. Perhaps some day you may make a great hit— and then you could wipe off all your burdens at ones — aud then, - dear, we two could be happy to gether. But, till then, I love you too well to add to your anxieties. I know there's some truth in what Mr. Solomons says ; but it's only half a truth if you examine it closely. . When I look forward and think of the long smiggle it would bring you, and the weary days of working at your desk, and the fcare and anx eties, I can't bear to face it. We must wait and hope still, Paul ; after all, .it looks a little nearer now than when you said good-bye to me that day at Oxford ! ' . Paul .looked dotfn at the gravel-path with a certain shock of momentary disappointment. He had ex pected all this; ' indeed, it Nea hadn't eaid it, he would have thought the less of her ; and yet, for all that, he was disappointed. 'Itseems suchan interminable timeto wait,' he said, with 'a rising lump in his throat. ' I know you're right— I felt cure you'd say so — but, still, it's hard to put it off again, Nea. When Mr. Solomons spoke to me I half felt it was 'best to do as he said. But notWi you've put it as you put it just now, I feel I've no' right to impose the strain uj)bn you, dearest.' 'Solpe flay something will turn up,' Nea an swered hopefully — for Paul's. -sake— lest she should ^vliolly crush him. 'I can wait for you forever, PauV If you love me, that's enough. And it's a great thing that I cau write to you, and that my le t tors feheer you. ' - ' '* Nevertheless, it was with a somewhat heavy heart thatiPaul rejoined Mr. Solomons at Par Junction . that-'^eveping, feeling that he must still wait, as belore; for some indefinite future.' ' Well, what have you arranged ?' Mr. Solomons asked, with a certain shadow of interest rare with him these last days, as he advanced to greet him. ' Oh, nothing !' Paul answered blandly. ' Miss Blair says we oughtn't to get married while I'm so j much-burdened ; aud I didn't think it would be right on her acount to urge her to share my burdens under such peculiar/ circumstance?. You4 see I've her in terests aB well as yours to think about.' Mr. Solomons* glanced hard at him with a sus picious look. ^For a second his lips parted, irresolute, as if he -half intended to say something important. Then they shut again close, like an iron trap, with that cold, hard look now fixed sternly upon them. 'I shall lose my money,' he sa'd cirtly. 'Itha'l never be paid as long as I live. You'll do no proper work with that girl on your brain. But no matter — no matter. The Jewish widows* and orphans won't lose in the end. 1 can-trust yob to work your fingers ? to the bone rdther than leave a penny -unpaid, fcow i ever long it may take you. And mark you, Sir * Paul, as you and the yonngV lady won't follow my advice, I expect you to -To ft, too— I expectybu to do it.' ' ' = ' -?!'-? \- - Paul bowed hiB head to his taskmaster. ' I will pay you every penny, Mr. Solomons,' he . said, ' if I work myself to death wifi it.' The oil man's face grew harder and colder still. ' Well, mind you do it quick.' he said testily. ' I haven't got so long to live now, and I don't 'wan'trto be kept out of my money for ever.' ' ' But attherbfctory near Fowey, if Paul could only have seen the profoundly affectionate air with -which, ' the moment his back was turned, Mr. \- Blair thi?aw his arm round his daughter's neck, and inquired eagerly, ' Well, what did Sir Paul 6ay -o you, Nea ?-, — even he would have laughed ai his Own timid fears anent th$~3-eaj:ding -?f jhat ' alannin g animal, the British father, in his own rectorial lair in Cornwall. .And had he further observed the dc jected surprise with which Mr. Blair received Nea's guarded' repoftr of -their- brief- Interview^ he wOuld ' have wondered to himself how he could ever have ^ overlooked the mollifying 'influjBno?^ on |he paternal 1 heart of that magical sound, ' Sir Gascoyne, , Baronet.' ' . . J.... For Mr. Blair heaved a deap sigh a? he heard it, and murmurei softly to himself, 'He seem 3 a most worthy, high-minded, well principle 1 young man. I wish we could help him out of his difficulties anyhow.' (7 o be continued .) 