Was it a Ghost they sav? MBS. H. H, JXHIIINOB lives at No. 211 Mainstreet, Bridgeport, and . Mias Minnie Parrot boards with her. ' The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in Deoember, 1891, the two women looked all tbe doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the bouse. They left the gas burning, however, in thefront parlour. : At about halfrpasteleven they returned, and entered the house langhing ana talking. But as they went into tbe parlour the merry bumour died ontofthem in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic atattare. The npper part ef his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. Hie shirtsleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he Carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The %6knen fled-fe&elbHbig; frtmtfae Mom; aid • Mr. t Jennin(p came in fiv* minutes later, ha •fouiid no onPin thVparlonr and 'all the ilana and [windows securely locked. Wbatwaaitthe women saw ? O f. V f"j ."iDuring a red|nt perioalof ill n^dth," . writeB an Amuricanmen . "1 had slip) badly for several successive nights. Op the jqnrth of these nii»h'.i>. oboui" "fAr.f o'olo'clr, I waa suddenly nieub'd fi om a doze by what teemed like, the''wiling of my HameYV d afffcfoot of-therbed stood the im-t{e f of my 4 m^'her just: as she lookf-d five' years tefore, asjthe was lenviog home to go on a. journey, on which jiiirhVyahewas killed in' h 'rail^ay disaster I screamed and fainted. I was foolish eno(igh<to_tell of it, and thelooalold women VbBfflps said it waa a summons* and I wonld nlvir. get' well. 1 Yet I did, and am in perfeot health now. ' I believe that vision came of hiy' Weak nerves, for -I've never seen- it since, -and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's nb' end to the tripk^ . the nerves will play off on vonjwhen your system is'out Of 'condition.' In' March, 1890,4t-was, that Mrs. Jan& Fo>ter,ef Darracott Road, Poke«d»*n. Harts, wrote as follows: —" 1 viae to dreadfully^ nertmu I could not bear anyone ia the room with me, y^t X^did fcbt ferishthem lar away in case I should call out for help.> This wu'in June,188&. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little tbe better for, haying gone tq bed. ThereWHS often a eeVere pain in my head and over mj- tyss, andil was sick mobt of the lime, -lily skin was dryjand -yfellow, and the' stumach and bowels felt bold and dead. By-and ;by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said-be'didn't know what ray complaint was. I took nothing hut iiquid food, and could not retain even that on Ay stomach. By this time I was nothing bnt jBkin'v and bobe. 3fv mtmory completely failed. My head ached en dreadfully I thonght 1 should lose my senses, And -my friasdiagreed that I would never get betiei. t'T had'given up all hope, vvhen one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what IWBB taking She told u'e she was herself only just as badly off, and waa cored by Mother Keigel's Curativ.e,^) rup. As she seemea to bate so much'faith in tbis - medicine, I tried it,, and in three days I was able to walk across the rooni, and'by the end of the week I went: downatairB. Now I am as well SB ever. 1 can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has i. ft me." •The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shook at the violent -death of her husband, by accident, and the system - rallied ot ly when the- Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion, end thus fed and toned t he nerves. Whatever may be jour opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remaion t rue that moat uncanny visions and.sounds mean nothing more nor less than a Bet of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia, Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's 8yrnp does it work tne eyee and ear* entertain only wharfs natural and wholesome. 