'f ' T'EA-TABlf TREACHERY; ' ' ?- ' -~H '?^Feom' THfl Lokdox 'Evsnhtq ^ --i STAKfiA&D.;') ' y ? j If the historian old Jay' his hands on the material necessary to depict the part whlph ' the tea-table his played in the social life of the English people, he would find it among the most instructive with which he has ever ! been called on to deaL But, unfortunately, it Is aot accessible* It is not- rseordeduij books, and it is intangible. It is, in a word| J not material in a material souse. . « ♦ j Ataund the tea-table reputations have been' is the 'ronnd table of tbe sisterhood of gossips' the central spot of every school for scandal. Here meet those who do not necessarily intend to do harm to their fellows, bnt who, nevertheless, prattle in a way to work infinite prejudice to those whose business they discuss. Every scrap of information acquired, . by whatever means, every preconceived notion, bred of stupidity and born of jealousy, every little suggestion likely to flutter the company, is advamoed with an utter disregard of the oensequsnces. Ths American satirist puts the case epigrammatically when he says : — ' 'Tis well to know, where'er you go, 'And feel its blighting power, The light that lies in gossip's eyes If tweaty-seandai power.' Gossip is (he ' presiding genius of the tea table, and unlucky ij the individual who may be -on the tapis. .The scandalmonger never, naa more excellent opportunities, and never takes f uUer advantage of them. And how helpless is the victim I A stab in the back is almost honorable and courageous compared with this insidious treachery. Over the teacups Abe talk is just as wild and irresponsible as any which comes from indulging too freely in those other cops which cheer and inebriate also. Its deadly effect is as certain as it is mysterious. The ?victim may realise that some fell influence has entered into his life, bnt he knows not. whence it came, what staff 'tis ott whereof 'tis born, And the qb^nceg are a thousand to one against his discovering the cause in time to adopt means of counter acting the consequences. He fights a ghost, a maleficent something which eludes him always. For the word dropped or the suggestion uttered may have been forgotten or transfsrmed immediately ; but though it is no longer recognisable, It is still active. As a man who kills another, bnt says he had no intention to commit murder, is not exonerated on thataccount,soit Isimpossible to forgive simple, good-natured folk, who speak ill of others, the evil effects of which follow on their thoughtlessness. Monarch never expressed his feelings more happily than George IV. is reported on one occasion to have done, when in alluding to the after noon gossipers he called them 'tea-table scoundrels.' Ladies who would not take an extra piece ot sugar withont permission, and who would think it a dealy sin to appropriate the spoons handed to them with the cups, do not hesitate for a moment when the robbery or tbe liberty, as the case may be, involves another's good name ard fair fame. Yet, if the ethics of the thtwg are to have weight, the worst sinner of the two is the maligncr, whatever the motive or absence of motive, The form the scandal takes i6 usually, ' Have you heard ?' or ' I have jost heard.' It comes from no first hand knowledge which makes it trust* worthy, though not even then always excusable, and it iB usually accompanied by an injunction to secresy. ' It was told rae in confidence ' is the style of treachery which is most difficult to combat, 'and, of course, you'll not let it go further,' A finer example of what we mean could not be afforded than that given by Miss Edna Lyall some years ago, in a little work caUed M The Autobiography of a Slander.' at Muddleton, that the slander is born. A delicious odor of orange-flower pekoe pervades the apartment, and Mtb O'Reilly in the act of handing her visitor, Miss Lena Houghton, one of her dclicate Crown Derb} cups, says : 'I assure you, my dear Lena, Mr Zalueki is nothing less than a Nihilist,' Wben Bhe has passed Miss Houghton tbe cream, the visitor aBks how she found it out, and Mis O'Reilly replies that in tbe course of a wandering life she has learnt to put two and two together. Tbe slander, thus born, thrived amazingly, and ultimately landed Zaluski, who was no more a Nihilist than Mrs O'Reilly herself, in a convict prison in Russia, where he died. Mrs «ji«!i!iy was a lea-iaoie scoun-Jrel. Bhe would have been sadly shocked to foe called one, ao doubt, but her treachery is none tbe less clear, and she is unfortunately one of a multitude, She had nothing more to go upon than merest gossip and a faculty for observation as fallible as most people's.' She had yet to lcara the great lesson that things are seldom what tbey seem. How many men have been the victims of an equally light-hearted and sensational piece of gossip as Zalueki was ? Scandal is not a rolling stone which gathers no moss. Rather it resembles capital put out at compound interest. The way it grows under the fostering care of Mrs Gossip Grundy is appalling. The seed once planted, it is never possible to predict what it will come to. It is as true to-day as it was when Cicero wrote that ' Nothing is so swift aB scandal, nothing is more easily sent abroad, nothing is received with more welcome, nothing diffuses itself so univer sally.' No doubt, as Steele once pot it, some people would never go out at all, and some are certainly too ill-natured even to open their lips, were it not for the pleasure of speaking ill of others. With most women and too many men it is to bn feared that, as in the c«se of Mrs O'Reilly, a tit-bit of scandal adds a piquant flavor to tbe most homely fare in the shape of conversation, and the remarkable thing is tbat thoee who arc not prepared to say what is ill of others ure yet perfectly ready to believe anything tbat is ill of them, and to shake their heads with an overwise — ' I always feared that be was not the immaculate creature he would have us think.' .... To believe no thing one hears and only half one sees, as tbe old adage runs, may be a very severe line to adopt, but in view of the treachery which exists it is hardly too severe. Sheridan asks ub to still believe that story false which ought not to be true, and there is tho more reason for doing this because in too many instanoes those who are attaoked are possessed of some virtue, or have done some act which has aroused the jealousy of the less foitunite. Scandal is the weapon of the weak, and if one wished to prove anew tbat women are the weaker sex, one need only point to the difference between the con venation of tbe tea table, where women most do congregate and that of the dinner table, where men are in equal force. Ia the former case the chatter is gossip, and gonip only ; in the latter, the talk is of all things of public interest— of books, pictures, plays, politics. The treachery which obtains at tbe taa table has little or no place at the dinner table ; and even Geoige IV. could have no seriouB complaint as to the tone and topics in favor at the latter. 