Dk^'its the T«ry serious depression now existing in onr timber industry, resent developments in connection with the trade appear to po'nt to 1h? pleasing conclusion that it will in the near {ntnre again become ono of the staple lines of the commerce of the colony. The de velopments referred to are the steps now being taken to open np a direct trade with the United States for onr hard woods in the shape of . street^paving blocks. Wood pavements are admittedly the very best in the world, and are very extensively used in all large cities. -.The great drawback to the success off wood pavements in the United States hsB been the fact of the local timber Dot being o! sufficient density to stand the wear and tear of the great traffic in the American thoronghfares. Wooden pavements have been laid in all the large cities of Ibe United States at very considerable ex pense, but havo in nearly every instance b?como nlterly unfit for use at the ex piration of abont two years, the blocks having become chipped and rotten. The inevitable result has been that the modern pavements have been generally replaced by concrete or Belgian etone, and to-day it is almost impossible to find a duiRule wooden pavement in the whole of the United States. Tlie change has, however, proved far from satisfactory in every way, irith the single exception of that of expense ; and could durable timber be obtained at a reasonable price, nnqnestionably the American antlioritiro would gladly return to the more silent wooden pavements. The United States Consul-General of Victoria, the Hon. George H. Wallace, interested himselt on I his subject during a recent visit to West Auslralia, with the rfsnlt that the Government of that colonv votfd the sum of £3000 to difrar (lie cost of fend ing a trial shipment of blocks of West Australian hardwood, and laying down » strip of pavement in the gronnds of the World's Fair at Chicago. Mr Wallsc* has announced his intention of bringing the subject before the United States Government, and will endeavor to obtain the pnsspge of en Act to secure the blocks being admitted duty free. Other influences, we learn, are being brought to b?ar on the Municipal authorities of New York City, urging them to give the Australian wooden pavements a fair test, and the conditions are at present de cidedly favorebh to their adoption. Messrs. Trowbridffe and Terry, of Mel bourne and Kew Yort, on the occasion of their recent visit to Tasmania, wert greatly impressed with the density and wearing qualities of our wood, and have expressed their confidence that ocr timber blocks wou'd answer admirably all the requirements of the American pavements..; and -that onr the blocks sent from West Anstralia to America. Through the exertions of this firm— Mr Terry being well known in Launeeston — Tasmania will probably reap a snbstantial benefit. Mr Troff bridge, whilst at Hobart, recently inter viewed the Premier, introducing (he subject, and Mr Dobson, who is ever on the alert to advance the trade of the colony, expressed his earnest anxiety to promote in every possible way the object in view. Practical eHect was speedily given to the resolu tion, the Premier causing a consignment of blue gnm blocks suitable for the Ameri an pavements to be forwarded to Messrs. Trowbridge and Terry in New York. The New York manager of the firm in question, Mr E. C. Whitney— who has recently epent three years in the colonies, and can therefore speak intelligently and ?o.thorita.tively on the subject — will devote Mb energies in bringing the matter nnder the attention ui we ngai parties, and we think ire are justified, from the information to hand, in anticipating that the adoption of Tas manian blue gam pavements in at U&st; some of the great cities of the United SUtes is practically assured. Should thiB happy Tesnlt be attained, Ifae material benefits derivable by Tasmania can scarcely be overestimated. The trade will be enormous and continuous, and will hare the effect of utiUting onr timbers to an extent at present un known. It w U also eecure direct com munication between Tasmania and the United States. At present vesfels trading from Kow York to Melbourne and Sydney are compelled to clear in ballast, seeking freights in other jwrts ; but with the opening np of the timber trade the demand for wooden blocks in the United States will result in these vessels coming to Hobart and Laun ceston foe their return cargoes. We understand that there is also a consider able demand in America among the art^ furniture makers for polished hardwoods, snrh, for instance, a9 onr blackwood, and ve are authorised to state (hat Mcs=rs. Trowbridge and Terry will be g-iad to forward samples of such timbers to New York. It is earnestly to be hoped tiiat thettlorts now being made in the direction referred to will prove success ful. The timber industry in Tasmania is at present suffering from a disastrous nnd unprecedented depression. At least half the sawmills throughout the colony arc shut down, and the timber cut has for months been stacked awaiting sale. This has resulted in scores of men being thrown out of work on a congested labor market, adding seriously to the general depression. Should the wood-block ex port irade become afsured it is not too much to expect that in a very short time cvi ry sawmill in the colony would be in Jul! siring, and the timber industry would receive a splendid impetus. There is, however, one vitally important phase of the subject which must not be over looked. The experienee gained in the Victorian Iwfler trade «nd the sad lesson being learned in the Trsmanian apple U'ade dftmo&Etrale; tbe absolute necessity of careful supervision of the material shipped. Greedy or ignorant shippers iuiibI nol ke permitted to rnin the trade in its infancy by the exportation of in ferior timmr, anf|^|tVill be found neces sary imm$ffia^bBjjf^hBffcnrlfi Qpens for Ihe Government tomppoint a competent and horougbly reliable' officer — one fully conversant ^viOi^r/linibere — to finper vi°e the shipments and to permit noth ing bnt first clasB timber, accurately named and plainly branicd, to be ex ported. . . -?.-_?.;_:. .„£..-.;_?,-.;.?.. The ancients had an axiom'to' the effect that 'those 'whom the gois' Train to de stroy they first make m«d,' and, judging from an advertisement in Friday's issue of the Argut, tfae deities have serious designs on the members of the present Tasmaniau Cabinet. The advertisement reads : — ' Tenders are invited up to noon on Wednesday, the 81st day of May, for the supply of uniforms for guards and porters on the Government railways. Full particulars, with sample suits, can be Been at tbo railway stores offireB, Hobart and I/aoncaston, and copies of specification* will be posted, on. applica tion.' If this Is not fire trade ran mud, with a dash of Customs Union thrown in to savor the dish, it would be difficult to label the dose. At the present time trade in all branches is depressed throughout Tssibasia, and tie mwU&n; factories and tailoring trades in Hobart and Launceston certainly form no excep tion to the general role. To send out o! the colony for the uniforms required by our railway officials is not only idiotic, but is a direct injustice to our local tradespeople. Just imagine the. Vic torian Government advertising in Tas mania for tuiiFormB required for the State officials of their colony - Tasmania has for the last quarter of a century played tbe meek- and lowly pare to her larger neighbors, and it is high time that tbo Government t-f the colony studied tie interests of onr own people. The fac tories of Tasmania can, aid do, manu facture woollens fully equal to those of tbe neighboring colonies, and few would venture to assert that local tailors cannot make np uniforms sufficiently irell to meet the requirements of our railway officials. Any of the local factoriis would be glad to furniab tbe required material of unquestionable qnality at a reasonable price, whilst the work of making up would provide labor and food for some of the unfortunate workers in Hobart and Launceston now numbered amongst the unemployed. The action of the Government in tbe matter in question is excessively etupid, and we would advise them *to Eend a cheque to the Melbourne journals for the cost of the advertisements, and confine the tenders to Tasmania. If we trere in clined to be comparative we might sng gest the wisdom of advertising in the neighboring colonies for a State policy, or even for a Minister who could fonnn late a programme (o restore the credit of the colony by equalising the State revenue and expenditure. There would be just as much propriety — ard, pro bably, a great deal more necessity — for such advertisement then there is for the one above qnoted. New Hub c. — We have just published Mr B. LA. Home's latest muaical eSjit, whicb. is in the form ot a march, specially written for, and dedicated to. the Lauuercton City Band. There are four ban of introdnction, after -which tbe theme of the ma.rch ia beard in a movement of 6 8 time in the key of B flat. The second aul ject is in the key ol the relative minor, and forau a good contrast to the opening, after which th« original key ia returned to with a bold melody in the bsss. The trio la in tbe key of E flat, and is very effective, with ita change oi accent ar.d rh) thu-. The march will be f ouad to be eminently playable csa pianoforte solo, and in this, form should become a gre at favorite. Mr Wal'ace, rf Melbourne, thelaUsafafenied' bandmaster of the Oity Band, has arranged this inarch in a moat effective manner for ?nil military *»nd, ana ire had the .pleasure of hwinf it reh earaed laat evening. The above march baa bern publiahed at tbe office of the Daily THefrtph, with a nicely printed caver, specially designed by our lithographic artist, Mr O. Edward hong, and haa been pronounce 1 by those competent to judge to be fully equal to the beat Imported production*. Ibemniiciipartioularlypialn and easily read and can now be o talced at the principal mule eatabUshmei.ta of the city. It may also be mentioned that the fill military band parts are ia presa, and will ahortlT be pnbllthed. AcoiDDT.— With reference to a looal in yeaterdaj'i iaanr, stating that a nan bad teen taken to Mr Davis' pharmacy in Wei lington-street suffering from a kick over the eye, we are requested to atate thr-t tie man waa very offensive and quarrelled with another, who struck him twice, but he waa not kicked. Re ™ wandering about the city lor some time after the disturbance, and znay probably bare bad bij eye dam aged byafalL Cny Police Ooobt.— Mr o. W. Water house, P.M., occupied tbe bench at this court yesterday. Bub-Inspector Walter Scott c&argod; MarU. Smith, aged SS, ?with stealing from the ehop of Jamea Turner, Briabane street, a ohild'a jacket and a for tippet, and a pair of boote from E. Yourg'a shop in George-street Emily Fotter. sged 23, was also accused ot stealing a child'e woollm jacket and woollen bocts, and a pair of boots from those two es'ablirhmenta respec tively. Both the aocuted were remanded until Thnraday, each being allowed tail, one recognisance of £(0 and one eurety of £i0 or two of £30 each. A nun ins fined Is for having ben drunk and incapable at Toung town on Saturday. BiSKEOFren COOET.— In the Bankruptcy Court Jtsterday, before Mr Commissioner Waterhouse, Thomas John Hopkins, of Oarrick, farmer, bankiupt, waa publicly examined. Mr W. Jloicy appeared en behalf of the trustee. The debtor deposed that the statement of his rffnira filed bv him ni correct, and Mr Mosey sul that the trustee was sstisGed of the corrcctfuEe of the atateme&t; filed by the b&nkrntit.; The further examination waa then aroGurned jijte rfto. The examination tf Robtit Ool Brave, of Beaconafie'.d, innkeeper, took place In Chambers yrateiday afternoon before Mr Commissioner Waterbouae. Mr O. Q Donglas (Douglas and Collins) appealed ior Mr G. T. Bastard, the trustee, the debtor being repre sented by Mr W. Croft COIarke and Orofti. after hearing the insolvent's statement and other evidence the examination wu ad journed tine du. Btatk Ba-k foe Mevc Sooth Witss.— The final report o[ the committee aooointcd te enquire into and report upon the expedi ency of establishing a national bank waa tabled in the Anembly, on Tuesday night, by Mr DoweL The committee has been at work nearly eix monlba, and hts taken a peat e-eal cf evidence cf bsikere and others After deliberation, the coramitt-e i« ol opirion (/aye an exchange) that the estb ushment of a Government b&nk; cf iEiue is not only practicable, bnt is urgently neces sary to reform tbe aerioos abuses that txist, and auggeats that its functions should com prise tbe sole right o£ isiuc of tbe note currency »ptm a gold and fiduciary btsis, in addition to Government atcek. It is suc gested that a IDs note should be iisucd in aJdition to the denomination! of tbe uiual note currency, and that the bukine business of all the Government dcpirtmcnla In con nection with the receipt and expenditure of revenne abonld fce transacted by tbe State bank. The management of such bank abould he fniruated to a hoard ol commissioners appointed by an Act rf Parliament, As a «v wum. »- ws wtrou&l; DM1K Ol UFUft, tht cr.mmjttee commends for cons[der*tirn that a_ Government fcank of deposit and a general banking department ma; be combined with a. fcank ol issue, ana, as a porsivle innctior, tbe advancing of loaus in small tnma on puraonal and collateral aeenrity. WIHTEB HOB1EBY.— Cirect from the makers, Girl's C ((.mere Hew, marrtaist ing, Improved, cix-fald ? itra epllcrd Vo a' rerr strOHg Kpickrr How. Indies' Pfsin mi Fanoy Bib Hoje. All «t special rash pncci. J, H. Boom, Binbme-strttt. Bft^HnlAHiifiuKTjSLV lSSIB*r9l80BkN10f)V from Him!, t »nd Macbeth SraaitlvfJi it the' HfOhanles' IcaUtutolFstfiglit, inaia of «he; tr.nas -o! the IosUtu'.e, There wu * very lsrseaudlencc, the hall being quite Bll-d throughout. Bacb p jt ol the pngranine wia oprned by a pianoforte solo by Wiaj Frost, who played wllh her niual eracje and finish, aud wu deservedly enoerred for her rendition of '? Alice, where art thon.' Mea dames James Barclay and 3. Q. Bherwln con tributed a duet, 'The. nappy hnnlers,'- ior which they received' weU-merited applause.' Mrs Barclay also tug as a «olo, r'I am dreaming,' and wu loudly aprUmded. Mr Fred. Fergus ^n was encored ior: his anoceaalul tinging ol 'Tbe wanderer' (Fchubert), and his rendlUon of Schu bert's 'Serontde.' A acene from 'JuUus Caisar' was given by Means. A. 3. Hawkins {Brutus) and O. Galvin {OtaiaiX and in the! second part Mr Oaear Bal£e, who waa encored, recited a jaaaage 'All the world's a ttage,' from Humlet. The parta selected from ' Hamlet' for production were aot 14 anenea 3, i, and £, u) tot HI., scene i i «ad the ohanctera were allotted aa follow!— Queen ol tXhmark. Mrs Fryant-Browne ; Ghost, Mr Oscar Balfeg Hamlet, Mr A. Barrett ; Horatio, Itr A. J. Hawkins; Marcellos, Mr P. L. Gunn ; and Bernardo. Kr J. llllngworth. Mr Barrett's Hamlet suSe^e flan recent .compaiuona, but it must be remembtred that he waa severely handi capped bj playing such a character in even ingdresi. Mn8tyant- Frowne*aQueenandMrl BsUc'a Ghent were aaUafactorUy performed, the whole scene running with smoothness ooncidering the difficulties to be con tended with. The other Shakespearian, ace nee were from ' Macbeth,' and comprised act I., scene 7, act II , acenea 1 asd S, and let V., scene 1. The characters were lAdy M&cbctb;, M» Stya&t-Browne; Gentlewoman, Mrs Oscar Balfe ; Physician, Mr Oscar Balfe ; Msobeth, Mr A. Barrett ; and Bcrtou, Mr F. h. Q nun. Jim Styant-Browne^ per formance ot the very difficult part cf lady Macbeth, eapeda'ly conaldering lhat It waa shorn of all the iuual atege aeeeaaoriea,'waa really gcod, asd Mrs Balte made the moat ot the small part allotted her. Mr Barrett labored tinder the disadvantage cf acting without (he usual aecompanunentjthiisin&k-; isg the performance fail latter fiat. The Govkbkuxkt Eauwavb —It is an noncced elsewhere in this issue by the general manager that, on the SSth iost, the atstionmastcr at Karoola will be removed, and after tbat date the station will be worked » a flig Btation. Notlficaticna are also made with respect to train arrange ments on the Soottedate line. HO8ABT TBAMWAY OOMPAKY, LIMITED. —An titr»oriSnarv general mmting otHhe Bobaxt Tramways Company, Limited, whs held on April 6 at College HU1 Chambers, LonCon (aa;e Borne An»), Mr Alfred Mattel in the chair, to consider a resolution for altering the name of the company to the llobart Electrical Tramways Company. Alter reitrotlitg We absence ot 8uvE. Braddon(tbe rrgulsr chairman of the com pany), Mr Mattel Mid the proposed altera tion of the company's name wea at the Instance ol aome ol tbe largest abatehDldtra. The electj-ic work has been carried ont by Messrs. Piemen Brothers, and Bir Benjtmin Biker had i XDressed irreatsstiif action with tbe cats, dynamos, etc. The directors Wire Hill ccrreepondiug with the Tasmahian Government in regard to Bir Edward Braddcin'8 «cnUnuitg to occupy the position of chairman lo the company, because ^t had been bi ought out under bis auapicce, -and no one could betUr acrve the interests of tLe shareholders than Sir Sdwerd because of hia great ability and lccal fcaowlcc'ge. ' The retoltition was cgreed to. Tbe New Eobtm Walfb B».itw*w.— The ColoLiil Trtaeurci.nKntly, in answer to a qneation by Mr Hayses, itatcd that tbe railway raraiegs for four weeks in April de creased £28,5011, and if ibis rate ot decrette continued the Oommissionen wonld of nccetsity have to make a material reduc tion in. the working expenses. They were, however, very aveiae to any Targe diamiaSKls of men pn f erring to rcUin as many of the cmplo; it as possible, eve n if they bad to put them on tholter time. This was carried ont some lime ago in connection with the rail way woitahops, and on tbe tramwaya, and should the traffic unfortunately ebillfuither decrease, tbe CommieBionera wonld prefer continuing this policy. With regajd-lo the non- profitable lines, the Commltrionera would point oat 13ia,t the. loss arotetn. having to provide interest on the capital outlay, an- lhe. capital burden would remain the tame Whether tbe lines were opened or closed ; if vlcaed, the roads would fall into a sttte ot disrepair that a large expenditure would re quire to be. incurred before they could i-gsin be opened for traffic. The cost of working these lines was being reduced aa much ia possible. HlAV EODTB WaI.ES NATIOKAt GAJ.LEBY.— Edouard Detaille'a great Uttle piece, '? Vive I'EmpErur,' arrived here (aa'ya the a'. JT. H.ra'd of Saturday) by tbe Omba ea7ly in the week, and was put in place at the National Art Gallery an 1 thrown open I o public view. The immense jicturc, the outside measurement of which ia 16ft 6io x lift 61n, pcurrr»;a a snarge ot the 4th Hussars at the Battle of Friedland In 1807. The central figure ol the officer dashing for ward on his grtf charger eeeml ready to leap from the canvaa, the whole fcena ia painted with ettiking force. Edouard Oetaille, who is thus worthily represented at our Art Gallery, ia one of the foremost military painters of the day. . In epite of his apparent preference for an immense cauvaj, D.ttiUe is a pup U of the minutely delicate worker, Meissoniera, whom he accompanied on a voyage along the Mediterranean in 18C1. On his return from Algiers in 1870, Detaille joined the 8th battalion of the Bcine, fought at Champigny, and ttok several spirited sketches. In 1873 he w c decorated with ibe Cross of the Legion of Honor for hia picture, ' Eh Re traite. In conjunction with De Kenville he painted the wonderful panorama of the Eirge of Fans, and also illustrated a work entitled ' France Militaire.' He firat ex hibited 'Vive 1'Empercor I' (' 1807,' as it is sometimes called) at the Cercle Aniatique, French Government, but waa afterwarda ex changed at the p&inter;'e request. Tins Electeic Lioht.— The following liat embraces a few of iha towr.s in Great Britain which hive adopted the electric light with the number and power of tho lamps in etch : — Biimii/gbam. 7UQ0 lti candlepoirorlflmpe ; DraellOTtl, 10,000 16 f.p.; Uriehton, 27 8C0 6 c.p. ; Chelmcford, 2500 8 c.p. ; Dublin, 1200 16 c.p. ; Eastbourne, 70G0 Sep.; Kxeler, 7SC0 t c p. i'Olspgow, CO00 10 cp. j Liverpool, 18,000 16 c.p, ,- Korth Loni'on, J0.000 S c.p. j 6t. PRncrsa, 11 000 16 c.p. -, Kineinglon, 25,000 10 cp. ; St. Msrlics io-tbc-Fdds, 25,000 8 c.p. ; Lcn don tCity), 175.000 16 c.p.; Newcastle, 10,600 6 cp. ; Northampton, -0O0 8 cp. ; Oxiord, 5000 8 c.p ; Southampton, 2500 8 c.p.; also Hotting Hill and St. Mar; Abtnlte, There are 26 other towns that have also gonVin for electric lighting. JiELBODBKK EeWAOE WOEiB — Good progress oontinueB to be made with the con atroction of the main outfall aewer, jrhich was the first work undertaken bvthe Metro. {LOlUan Board of Works in connection with the rcheinc provided for the drainEgc of Greater Melbourne. Tho length of the sewer Oays an e-xchange) is 16 mites, and seven contract sections, covering about IS} miles, have lately been completed, and it ia rxpectid thaV the remsAsing portion will Uo finished within tho next few weeks. Over 1S00 men were employed en the&e; worke when in full sning, cut the clostag.of con tracts hftB reduced the number lo 9C0. The board will shortly get out frcch contracts, which will open up new channels t?f emcloy ment, and ao prevent tbe ranks of the un emplo* ed from receiving a large augmenta tion by tbe dismissals which must neces sarily follow the cessation of work on the Fiakofobtes, Organa, Braaliand Stringed tnatrunu nts. Time payment or 4iacount for Mh. VUCU BHOa. AKD HlEOHAJLL. In anawer te the many enquiries in town and from country, Mr A. J. iiflH wishes to inform patients and the public that liia practice ia being carried on by himself aa usual at 111 St. John-street. The city ore - d' will give a recital at the Albeit Hall en Tuetday evening, the Slat intt. Tenders invited for construction of a email limber training wall at Fai&ona;' Creek, WVDjard new i»rbor. 