WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW! Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main-<*> street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in Decem- bar, 1891, the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a eonl in the bouse. They left the gas homing, how ever, in the front parlor. At about half-past eleven they returned and entered the boose, laughing and talking. Bat as they went into the parlor the merry humor died oat of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantio etatore. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shir fc-uleeves were rolled up and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room and when Mr. Jennings came in five mionte? later he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women caw 1 '-During a recent period of ill-health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth oi these niphts about two o'clock I ms suddenly aroused from a dose by ichat seamed lilce the calling of my name, and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother ju?t as?helooked five years before as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey ehe was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips eaid it was a summons and I would never get welL Yet I did and am ua perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for Fve never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." Now doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on yon when yonr system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darraoott-road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:—" I teas so dreadfully aen-oue I could not bear anyone is the room with me, yet 1 did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my bead and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By nd-bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. lly memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was her self once just as badly off and was cured by Mother SeigeTs Curative Syrup. As ehe seemed to have so much faith in this medi cine I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Mow lam as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shook at the violent death of her husband by acci dent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had Riven new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion 'of the Bridgeport ghost it remains true that most un canny visions and Bounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all unset by indi gestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel'e Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome - 251mC&j25i;}.66 