; Novelist. A MYSTERY SOLVED. DETECTIVE STORY. By "SPECTWYM. ...--4-- CHAPTER V. A few moments' thought convinced Dash of one fact. The girl whose dead body he had found on the beach was really a corpse; and again, re markable as the fact was, he was convinced that the girl before him was no ghost, but a real flesh-and-blood counterpart of the lovely creature whoso .pallid features he had gazed upon under the moonlight uponthe lonely beach. He was astounded at the remarkable resem blance, and satisfied that there was some mys sterious connection between the ghastly dead and the marvellously lovely living, lie deter mined to solve the mystery. While coming to this resolution, lie had been .standing just within the door-way, gazing at the girl.-. , The latter appeared fo be in the company of ,two gentlemen. * Her companions were remarkable-looking .men, evidently foreigners. One was tall and slender, while the other was short and thick-set. Both possessed swarthy complexions, dark, piercing eyes, and raven-black hair. Kingston still stood gazing at the fair girl, when the attention of one of the ien was di . rected toward him, Seeing that he had attracted attention, Dash turned upon his heel and walked slowly down the long hall toward the stairway. At the head of the stairs lie halted. He had observed that the girl was robed in a travelling dress,and it struck him that possibly the party might be just upon the eve of depar ture, and he felt that it would not do to let fhem go without ascertaining something about them. Whilo he was still standing there, aiid con sidering what course he should take to accom plish hispuposo, he heard a step approaching along the hall, and, upon turning, discovered that the newcomer was the taller of the two mlen whom he had seen in company with the girl. As the man passed Dash to ascend the stairs, he fastened on the latter a steady, eilquiring glance. "I reckon that fellow will know me again when he sees me," was the muttered comment of tl!o young man, as lie started to descend the stairs. From the fact that the man had passed him, Dash considered that the party had but just arrived, instead of being on the point of depar ture, and he determined to postpone his enqui tries until 'a more opportune occasion. Our.hero was an expert billiard player, and, havine nothing narticular. to do. strolled into the 0billirdroom. He had been seated there bit a short time, when the stranger who had stared at him so impudently came into the room also. The latter took a seat directly opposite Dash. and again fastened his gaze upon the young fellow in a fixed anid impudent ran I _9_f. a ~ _e iser. n Our readers are all well aware that it' is not a very nice thing to be impudently stared at by a total stranger, and. Dash began to feel rather uncomfortable. \- For some time lie paid no atteniion to the mant, but directed his gaze carelessly about the rooni; but every time lie glanced toward the man sitting opposite, lie found the latter's gaze fastened upon him. Dash began to grow somewhat seriously an noyed by this offensive surveillance, and.in re tali:ition he faced the man witl a look is steady and impudent as his own. Thus for a few seconds the two men faced each other, until it became necessary for one or the other to speak. , Dash was the one who decided to venture S-pon this experiment, and lie said: "Are we acquainted, sir ?" "No," was the laconic reply. "Then why do you gaze at me in such a manner ?" '" Because I choose to !".was the impertinent .reply ' "Well, I choose that you should desist from looking at me in such a'fixed nianner; it is offenssive," said Dash. " :"I thought a few moments ago, whenI saw you trying to stare a lady orit of countenance, that you approved of such little pleasantries," said the man. SDash instantly recollected that'he had stared at the man's companion, and boing a frank, generous tellow, not at all quarrelsome, natu rally he thought that an explanation was due, and he said: . "XIan give a good reason for my seemingly impertinent conduct, sir." S".I should like to hear it,' nmswered the man. "The young lady whom I saw in your com pany bears a remarkable resemblance to an other person whom I met under peculiar cir cumstances.". Upon hearing this reply the dark face of the Strangpý,er became livid. h' is lips 'cre bloodless, and a fierce, threat oning light gleamed in his eyes as he said, in a low, husky.voicc: "As you, have offered this explantion, will you please go'still further, and explain under what circumstances you met the lady who you say resembles my idece?" "I did not say that it was a lady," replied Dash, with provoking coolness. "Well, will you state who it was ?" "I do not think that I will, under present circumstances." "I may compel you to," was the fierce re 01innt P "When you do I may tell," replied Dash. "Do not provoke me too far, young man; it mny prove dangerous." "It le yourself who had better he careful, You are a stranger to me, and you have thrust this conversation upon me, "replied DashlKing ston. "No, sir; you were the aggressor; you in sulted a lady under my charge." "That is false I" "Do you give me the lie "' '.I would serve you right if I were to give you the palm of my glove on your' cheek," said Dash, angrily. "No; you are a loafer; you dare not strike a -entleman." This was the first time that such an epithet had ever been applied to the young man, and his blood boiled. Urged by a sudden passion, lie advanced and raised his hand, intending to at least crush the stranger's hat over his eyes, when the latter suddenly sprung from his seat, and rashing at the younger man, struck a powerful blow at him. Dash was quick-eyed and an expcrt boxer, and throwing out his left arm lie warded off the blow, and with the right hand knocked the other's hat off. His antagonist did not stop to pick up his hat, but whipping out a pistol hastily cocked it, abnd a tragic result must have folulowed had not a gentleman rushed in just at that moment who seized hold of the would-be assassin, say ing, in a firm voice: "Stop ! you must not shoot." The man who had thus opportunely inter ferod in on behalf of our hero, proved to be the short, thick-set man, who had also been-a com panion of the young lady who had made such a remarkable impression upon Dash. The last comer spoke in broken English, and in a very rapid manner. As lie turned the weapon aside, and while still holding the arm of his friend, lie turned toward Kingston, and asked : "What is the trouble ?" " You must ask your friend," returned our hero. " You must be careful, my friend will kill you r " I think not," was the quiet reply "But ihe would have killed you had I not come." "Ycaudid not save mylifebut your friend's," replied )ash, and as he spoke lie showed a pis tol in hisi hand, adding: "Before your friend could have raised his anrm, sir, lie would have been the victim of this. I have dealt with assassins before, and I am always prepared for them." " My friend is not an assassin. You must have insulted him grossly, or lie would not have attempted to kill you." This scene occurred in the middle of the day; there was no one in the room at thie moment the actual outbreak occurred,and con sequently the above conversation passed with out heing heard, except by those taking part in it. In answer to the assertion of the stout man, Dash said : "It was your friend that insulted me; and the best thing you can do is to take him away with you." While the above conversation was transpir ing the tall main had restored his pistol to his pocket, and stood with folded arms gazing at Dash with a glance that was menacing, and ineant danger at fome future time. The stout man seemed to possess a wonder ful influence ovdr him, and it was only at his friend's request that he was induced to put up his weapon. A short conversation now took place between the two men, in the Sp:nish tongue. Our hero was a fine Spanish scholar, and, un uknown to them, heard and understood every word that passed between them. " What led to the trouble ?" asked the thick set man of the tall one. "That man recognised Gertine !" was the reply. "Rlecognised Gertine ? TImpossible !" "Yes ; but lie admitted that lie did." "You have been fooled, Aloinz." "No; I tell you he said that he had seen her before." "Then he was making sport of you. It is impossible that he could have sccn her before, and no one should know that fact better than you." " Ah, but you do not understand; he said that he had scen some one who looked so llluch like her that ho could almost swear tlhat it was the ne samperson. Adul to thee :again, Del F?ier, none should know better than thou that the:re was but one person who looked so mtuch like our Gcrtine." After a short silence, the stout man saul: "Arc you sure that you did not misunder stand the young mani'" " I amn sure." "\Well, Alonzo, remember that we have a quieter way of getting rid of a foe than shoot ing him down. in the street." "I eannot be goaded." "'But you must not-be rash ; you nmust-apolo gise. We iust mnake s friilcd of him ; then, if we cannot use him, we can remove hiim without any noise." ])ash congratulated himself on having been taught the Spanish language, and at the same tiime came the thought that to be forewarned is to be forearmed. "I will go-you are are cooler than I; you make him you friend," said the tall man. The tall man moved away as though urged to do so by his frio,·, .- . latter turned .. lasn and said: "You must forgive my friend; come,let you and I be on good terms." Dash thought that, under the circumstance., lie was quite justified in dissembling, and took the Spaniard's hand. Ife also had a game to play, and being on nis guard, he was willing to take long chances to win. . CIIAPTEIt VI. "You will forgive my friend ?" said the Spaniaed. "I will forgive him on condition tlat he apOlngises. " lie shall do so, but not to- day. lie is too much excited. But come, you and I must be friends. I like your looks, and I feel that I can like you too." . . -. "I am willing to be friendly with anyone who is friendly towards me," said D)ash. in an easy, oilf-hand manner. "I wish to be friendly toward you, and I am sorry that miy friend had this trouble with you ; I beg that you will tell me how it came about." - "Well. I saw a remarkably beautiful girl, and I*merely indulged a gentleanin's privilege in admiring her for a moment from a dis taice." " Yes, Gertine is beautiful-very beautiftl ; but my friend says that you stared at her." "It is possible that I did gaze at her very intently for a moment; but I meant no offence and I had an excuse for so doing.' "Yes, yts, I know that you did; but I pray you tell me what. it was that attracted you so" - "Her resemblance to another person." "Ah, yes ; that is a 'common mistak6. But' tell me, does she resemble a lady friend ?" " Siiice thinking the matter over, sir, I have come to the conclusion that this'young lady does not resembleany one whom I ever knew," said D ash, evasively . ........................ "Then you made a mistake ?" The man Del Fuer fixed a penetratlng glance upon Dash when ho asked this last question, and Dash looked exceedingly innocclt and in different as lie replied: " Yes; we will say that I made a mist.l?e." "I think that such is the case, for my child has been in Australia but a few days." Some further conversation of a similar char. actor to that above described followed between Dash asnd the man Del Fuer. After an interval Dash found an opportlaif to make the acquaintance of the clerk of the hotel, when lihe sought to find out something concerning the mysterious strangers. The clerk could furnish hli but little satis faction. lie said that the guests had arrived only that morning, and that he had seen but little of them. "From whence did they come l" he akcd, H" ow did they register :" "As Pedro Del Iuer, and A. Gomez and niece." "That is strange," said Dash. "What is strange ?" enquired the clerlr. "Wihy, that the stout man, whose name is Del Fuer, should say that the girl is his daugh ter." "'She may be, for all I know ; but she was not registered as his daughter." D?-,'h, after a little adroit dodging to-avoid suspicion, managed to discover the number of the apartment occrupied by the strangers, and obtained a room adjoining theirs. He resolved to fathom the mystrry to the bottom. Of one thing he was certain. The two Spaniards were villains and assas ins, and certain indications led him to believe that the death of the murdered girl coald be traced directly to them. This fact was plain to him, but the mysteri ous secret was, what connection had that lovely counterpart of the dead with the crimes of the two men. Was she linked with them, or was she also a victim whom they were waiting an opportunity to assassinate. And again,froni whence came this marvellous resemblance. These were the thoughts that agitated Dash Kingston s mind upon the night following the fracas in the b;lliard saloon, as he retired for the night to his room, adjoining the one occu pied by the two men whom he had already mentally pronounced murderers. In his mind Dash thought the girl was only a victim, and not a confederate ; and he re solved to keep upon the track of the, parties, learn the truth, and rescue the girl at all haz ards, if his conclusions should in the end prove correct. Dash had been some time in his room, and was sitting upon the side of his bed musing upon the facts above stated, when he was startled by hearing voices in the adjoining room. He was on the point of makling a noise, so as to notify the partics in the next room that they might be oven heard, when he was startled by hearing a smothered scream or cry.for help. All scruples at once vanised. Ieo had previously observed a hole in the partition where a stove- pipe had once passed through, and leaping upon a chair, he.put his face to the aperture and glanced into the room froml whence tihe smothered cry for hqlp had come, The gas was turned on at full blaze, and our hero was once moro .surprised and as tounded by a startling discovery. Upon h'er knees upon the floor, with her hands clasped and raised in a beseeching man ner, was the girl Gertine ; while over her, with gleaming eyes, and a face convulsed with an ger, stood a woman evidently past thirty years of age, but one of the most elorious beauties that the dazzled eyes of Dash had ever gazed upon. At length the latter spoke, and her words were in the Spanish tongue: but, fortunately, as our readers will remuember, our hero was an excellent Spanish scholar, and had no difficulty in understandilng every word that was spoken. "So you will still dare to rebel against my authority! said the eller woman from be tween her clenched teeth. " No, no ! I will not rebel against you, Isa bel. But why make mn be obedient to those dreadful men ?" was the tiembling response. "You forget that lion Alonzo is amy rela tion." " But he is a stranger to me." "No, lie is nt ; lie often fondled you when you were a child, but you have forgotten him. You u-ed to be fond of him once." '" I hate him now !" was the abrupt exclam ation. "'Iisa I be careful I Donotdare to say that again. or I will make you sorry !" "You are cruel, and you will teach me to_ hate you." "Gertine, you will regret every word you are now uttering." "I will regret my last words now if you will only take me to some place where I will never see that man again." "Once again I warn you, Gertine." "If you do not heed my prayer I will fles away alone." " What is that you say, child ?" "I say, that if you do not take me to some place where I will never see that man again, I will fly away and find one myself." "Alh i Well, I amn glad that you told me. And now, listen to me-if you ever attempt to escape from my care and kindness, I will find you." "Oh, Isabel ! you never spoke to me noi treated me in this cruel manner until that man crossed our path," murmured Gertine. "I cannot remain to argue longer with you to-night, Gertine, but I shall lock you in this room, and if you utter the least outcry or make the faintest attempt to escape I will do what I threatened. Now mind !" As the woman uttered the last words, she gave Gertino a push that knocked her over upon the floor, and then the elderly woman left the room. After the door had closed behind Isabel, as the younger girl had called her, Dash heard the key distinctly turned in the lock, securing the door from the outside. Full half an hour passed, during which Ger tine remained sobbing upon the floor, while Dash retained his.position at the aperture watching her. At length the girl suddenly started to her feet. IHer beautiful eyes were still filled with tears, but a resolute expression rested upon her' features, as she exclaimed in excellent Eng lish: "I ill fly from this bondage, even if I have to leap out of the window. She crossed the room and tried the door. It was locked. ".1 am a prisoner ! Would that I had the strength to wrench that lock off. Once away from these people and I would take such precau tions that they should never find me again,"she mlurmured. An idea struck Dash. Leaping down noiselessly from his perch, he secured the key from his own door, aund re mounted to his position. As.he glanced a third time into the room a sight met his gaze that caused his heart to cease pulsating, and the blood to curdle through his veins with icy coldness. lie sought to utter an exclamation of warn ine, but his powers of speech were suddenly stricken dumb. Wild despair surged in his heart, when once again, though unable to speak, a happy idea struck him, and he made one last effort to save a human life. CHAPTER VII. The sight which met the gaze of our hero was one well-calculated to freeze the blood in the veins of one more accustomed to scenes of horror than he was. Before a mirror in the room, located directly opposite the spot from Whence he was gazing, stood the young girl. Ifor eyes were dilated with some fearful reso lution, and her features were set and fixed like those of the dead, while an ashen hue added to their death-like appearance. In her hhnd was grasped a naked stiletto, whose long, slender blade glittered in the gas light like polished silver. The expression of her face and her ,:;'de left no doubt as to her terrible purpose. Her hand was uplifted, the dagger was truly poised, and its point was aimed directly at her heart. This was the sight that curdled the blood around Dash Kingston's heart, and caused his tongue to cleave helpless to the roof of his mouth. A few seconds only passed: a few more and it would be too late to utter a warning cry,and lie was stricken speechless with horror. It was at this moment that a lucky thought struck him. He could not use his tongue, but his arm was subject to his will. In his hand he held the key of his room. It was o&_forL utkpjan!stid m Iram_ tunate inspiration that caused him to throw it through the pipe-hole into the adjoining room. With a sharp click it struck against a porce lain pitcher, and slid off upon the floor with a second sound. The girl heard the fall, and with a lo:w, smothered cry she lowered the murderous blade, and turning about, fixed her gaze upon the little tarnished piece of brass. "It is a key ! leaven must have sent it for my deliverance l" she exclaimed, with gladness. Gertine proved herself instantly to be a young lady of nerve and coolness. It was evident that desperation had led her to soeek to take her own life; but now that a chance for escape by other means presented it self, a new hope appeared to find lodgment in her heart. Stealthily she crossed the rooin on tiptoe, and inserted the key in the lock. It fitted, and the bolt yielding to the pres sure, a way of escape was open.. Satisfied thait she could open the door, the girl returned and commenced deliberately to pack a small valise. While Dash watched the process of packing, he beheld a sight that once again astonished and surprised him. Besides quantities of rare and valuable jewels, the girl placed a large roll of money in the valise,after having transferred several notes to her portmonnaie, evidently for immediate necessities. At length her preparations seemed satisfac tory and complete. Then, as a final matter, she dropped upon her knees beside her valise, and appeared to indulge a few moments in silent supplication. Having concluded her short devotions, she rose to her feet, seized her valise, and on tilp toe moved to the door, opened it, and passed out. Dash Kingston had left Sydney in a great hurry, and had not burdened himself with any superfluous baggage. He was in marching order, and the moment the girl left her room he also leaped down from his place of observation, seized his satchel, and with a noiseless tread started to open his door, when, lo I the truth flashed upon his mind that el was locked in. He now remembered that he had locked his room door upon first entering it, and wihen he had seized his key to assist his beautiful neigh bour he had not stopped to unlock it. Dash was not a swearer habitually,- but a naughty word did fall from his lips when the conviction settled upon his mind that he was really a prisoner. "Hang my pig-headedness! this is a pre.tty state of affairs. Here I have released one per son only to imprison myself," lihe exclaimed. Dash, however, was not a person to be easily discouraged. Hte was full of expedients, and hastily open ing his satchel, he drew forth a long- bladed knife, and inserting the steel in the key-hole quickly, had thesatisfaction of hearing the bolt fly back. How little do weo poor mortals know how often some trifling annoyance portends some direful calamity. Dash Kingston was greatly annoyed by the little accidsnt that had made him a moment ary prisoner, and yet, had it not so happened he would have been a prisonerin a more serious manner. At the very moment that lie was fnmbling to get oult, a man passed his door and moved slowly along the hall to another room, search big for the very room occupied by Dash at that momnesnt. A inisunderstanding of the information given him by the clerk of the hotel had sent him to the wrong r~oom. Had he met Dash in the hall he would have recognised him,but at the moment Dash passed out the man was at the other end of the hall, and when he did return to the single reom its occupant was gone. The mysterious man was a Sydney detective, and he bore with him a warrant fur the arrest of a murderer. LTo BE coTr?ItEDO. 