.A ;LOAN _FROIY A l9UT. A good many rears ago the regimentto which 1 then belontged .as quartered at Aldershot. After a long absenceeram England, spent on a parchingrock ill the middle of the Red Sea, bleakand dreary Aldersahoteeamed a very para dise. It was delightfully near London, too; leave was easily toobe obtained, and a grest part of moy spare time and more than all my spare money wasspent byme in themetropolie spent, I am ashlaamed to confess. in riotous I living and much disorder. I lost all my available funds, mortgaged my commission to the utmostpenny, 'sand found myself fevered and parched inubodv,in soul wretched and des pairmug. " I had come to the end of my tether. I was 'done up. life kad nothing hbut evil in etore for me. On the following week I should Sbe posted as a defaulter on the turf. I- should leave the amy in .disgrace, and such tidings Swouldkill my-widowed mother. It-was Sunday nIight; I had been in. London trying to raise money, butuselessly; the Jews c losed their',lfsts to me. I only wanted a S.hundred poundesto pay my Derby losses; this achieved, I couldsell out and retire without open disgrace: but Icouldn't raise it. My last sovereign was changed in paying my hotel hilt on that'Sunday night. I had a return ticket to Aldershot in aoy pocket and a few shillinge besidesnothing else in the world in the way of available assets. I think if I had been possessed of a five pound note I should have gone to Liverpool and taken a steerage passage to America. It was the limited extent of my means which made me resolve to go back to Aldershot and appear onparade next day. .5Ok COLD NEIT TRAIN. At thattime thore wasa train which left not Waterloo, but some station a little down the line; it might have been Vauxhall, or possibly NineElms, I scarcelyremember which the station at midnight. It was popularly known amongst us as the " cold meat train." Its pasesengerowoero dead bodies for the Woking Cemetery. The railway had,for the convenience of the camp, affixed to this train one first-class carrioge. After leaving the dead bodies at WVoking thecarriage was run on toFarnborough, whence you could walk to the camp. The train was moving when 1 got to the station, but I had just time, despite warning shouts of guards and porters, to open the door of tho lest carriage and jump in. Tho other corm. partments of the carriage I noticed were lighted, but this one was dark; that didn't affect me; I didn't want to read. I took out a box of matches, and proceeded to light a cigar. As the glow ofthe match lit up the interior of the carriage I saw in thecorner along darkobject, quite black, and yet with some little metallic gleam about it; it was a coffin reared up at the farther-side of the carriage,a board being placed behind it. against which it leaned. I lit a match, and read the inscription on the plate: "William Ileathcote, died 26th May, 18-, aged 25 yeare. " The hair oni my-head rose in a mass, my heart ceased to -beat. My own name, my own age. and the very date of the day that was now just born. :A FEARIUL RESOLUTION. It chimed in, too, did this inscription so mye. teriously with that impulse I hadfelt the whole day-a turning to self-destruction as a means of escape from all the degradations of life. I would accept the omen. I carried with me a small American revolver. It would kill at twenty paces. I drew it out and placed it againstuimy forehead. Then it struck me that the bsll,c'ter pissing throcgh my head, might pass also through the -partition dividing the compartment, and strike some one in the nest carriage. I turner, therefore, my back to the window,and againplaced the muzzle of the pistol to my forehead. Again I withdraw it. there was no hurry. The train did not stop till it reached Woking. I wanted a signal; thewhistle of the engine as the driversighted the red lamps of Wel:tng should be thesignal for my departuro from the world. Yes, " I said alond, turning upon myself in a -sort of frenzy ; " yes, the moment the whistle sounds, William Heathcote, you shall die." The rising mnoon was shining brightly into the carriage, full-upon the coffmn, and uponits mys. terouc inscription. I don't think I really believed this coffin had any tangible existence. It might he but the product of my own brain. Looking up, however, to see it it had disappeared I saw nolonger the cofin lid, but a white shrouded figure-a pallid, corpse-like face, the eyes of whichshone upon me with a sopulcbral gleam. Forthe moment I thought I had passed into the land of shadowns; that I was a disembodied spirit looking upon my own mortal remains. I cams to myself with a deep gasp, digging my finger nails into my palms. Ah, the joy of that moment after the torture of the struggle back to life. Life ragged, miserable It might be, but still dear life, how precious itoeemed. Shadows, I defied them. TrE GHOSORT SPFAR. "Come forth, old mole," I shouted to my double in the colffin. He came forth. As I live he stepped out of thecoficn. seated himself opposite me, and leanod forward tospeak into .my ear. M' rcy ! Mercy ! " shrieked the figure in a voice that pierced the roar of the train. "See," cried the figure. slipping a paper into my hands, "Keep it, keep it; only don t betray me. " " Whew.w "wont the whistle of the engine. I turned my head fora moment, the moon had just passed into acloud,the figurehadvanished, the cotlin stillestood in the corner, dark and grim. It wasn't till I reached my own hut at Alder. shot that I examined the paper the ghost had given me. an'l which, In my delirium, I had imagined Illad thrust into my waistcoatpocket. Here was a test, at all overts;; if there was a real paper, barving signsof its ghostly origin. then I was still sane and the apparition I had witnessed was not a delusion of the brain. In the corner of my waistcoat pocket was a crumpled pieceof flimsypaper; I unfoldedit,and found it was a Blank of England note for a hundred pounds. From that lour I was an altered man. I paid my gambling debtse, studied for the Staff \- e, passed a good examination, went to urst, ame out with high honors, and, having a little influence at headquarters. got an oppointment as commissioner to watch the operations of thoe American War of Secession, on General-'e staff. tHrE omcor R gArPPrAnst. It was at the close of a bloody, hut decisive, battle, which resulted in the retreat of the Army of the South, that I visited the field hospitals at the rear of the Federal Army In search of a friend who had been wounded during the day. The doctors and attendants were all too busyto pyl aay attention to my wants, and I walked down the long rows of hastily Improvised couches. Scrps ofpaer,on which the namesof the patn he co cen hastily I crcawled, were pinned to lbs covering., and I, started an I--read on one "William Heath cote "-m own name. The mani appeared to be sinking from exhaustion, but he brightened up when he heard the tones of a friendly voice. I knelt down beside him, and asked if I could do anything for him. He nodded his head. ' ou're Englih, " he whispered. "Yea, I am." "So am I. If you shabould be in the neighbor. hood of Bedfordi and should be able to hear of an old man in the name of Heathcote, a retired draper, will you tell hiin his son diedin acredit. able way ? I was a disgrace to him, sir, wbhn I was alive ; but when I am dead, perhaps he will think kindly of me again. I'll tell you my story, sir. I was a rogue- I was, air. I wus an undertaker, but I was a collector of taxes, too; and I entered into a conspiracy to defraud the Government. It came out, butI had warning in time. I shammed decd, and got away in one of my own coflins with all the' swag.' They wasn't very keen afier nid, but just at the last monmentI thdiilitthey 'haveme. A detective followed me right to Weking; but .I: squared him with a hundred posnis nete, and got clear away to Amerisaty thetSouthampton packet. it never pioesporcd mo.. that money; and I got lower an lowebrtill T'isted as a soldier; anud here I am. I'm'gnttlogtired, sir. Don't. or get Bedford-H.eathtxo; retired draper. T passedonin'wonder- tind astonoshmen It was no special cteart, then, of. an overruling Providence; my wonderful warning anllldeliver. noce was amere affair of chance and accident. Au I passed thsean's couch again he lay on it otiff and etarkand-dead. _ - L I I fond out the old man in Bedflrdt. -Ho was, living with a-daughter in abject- poverty, and Irepaid to him the hundred pounds with acom pound interest: To him I seemed a celestial visitant.-" Chamberf's Journal." 