DAY BY DAY. DOINGS IN AUSTRALIA AND TIIERIEABOUT. tCuIIONICLED BY RANDOLPH BBEDFORD. A WEEKLY RESUME OF HAPPEN. INGS WITHIN THE FEDERATION TO-BE C?optiyhrh 1a3, The Federal Anuoeet o e ourannst?a. MELBOURNE, 5th December. Is the year of disgrace '93, a coroner's jury, by direction of the coroner, has found that one James Costello, who was refused admission to the Melbourne Hospital, and who died some few hours later, would have died anyway, and that nobody was to blame. Costello, a quarryman, was struck by the handle of a winch, causing partial paralysis and a few superficial wounds. A fellow workman took him to the hospital, where Dr. Player treated him as suffering only from a cut in the head. Player was asked to admit Costello to the hospital and refused, saving, "There is nothing the matter with him, he's shamming." So Dempsey took his mate to the Alfred Hospital where he was admitted and intelligently treated. However, he died - next mtorning. The natural direct con clusion from all this is that if Player doesn't know enough to differentiate between shamnming and paralysis, he has just sufficient medical knowledge to be a success as a journeyman butcher, and no more. Dr Youl, on the other hand, says that the "depressed financial state of Melbourne, and the insufficient aceommodatoin caused the refusal of admission to Costello, but the man couldn't live anyway, and the doctor was not to blame." Whether the man was cast for death or not matters little, it is sufficient for us to know that he was refused adequate treatment. Cause-" the depressed financial state." Cause of that again-" the bank boodlers who weep about the injustice of their prosecution by the law." It would appear that the dethroned Gods of Victoria are the cause of everything. Meanwhile James Costello is exceedingly dead-said death has been rendered more unbearable by the refusal of a see.naught doctor. This is a great country to have your back broken in really it is. Pretmier Patterson goes to the Alps, that good old explorer, Lands-Secretary Hotitt, piloting him to Omeo by a new track. Lands- Minister 31'lntyre has landed at the Bluff (M.L.), and is to be shown all over the village settlemtents and the meat-freezing works by oeiicers of the iMaoriland Govern ment, who will point out the 3Ioa and tihe Dodo, and the Woman's Suffrage League, and other things while they are resting themselves. Webb, the Minister for Agriculture, who has done nothing much since he captured his portfolio, and the perfunctory M'Coll, are not going anywhere up to date. This alleged "back bone" ministry is a dreary failure after all. Patterson is strong, but so is a steam roller, and we don't make a Premier of a steam roller-that is not very often. As for the rest of the team, my possession of about a gallon of the milk of human kindness, prevents the mentioning them further. One otherwise law-abiding man will ever be execrated by an obscure fete for having con cern in the conversion of an inoffensive poutman, into a glorified bool:kfiend, whose headl might have been a head very long ago, but which now has the appearance of having been dutnped in a wool press. To the uninitiated a reportorial post on a Metropolitan daily seems a fine thing, when it is really a miserable existence, that is to the man who has any opinion of his own, and is something more than a king parrot. The standard of daily jeurnalism is such that in any big population 90 per cent. of the available hterary ability is attracted to the weeklies and mnagaeines. The .daily paper i: the literature of the mass, and, therefore, neither the good nor the bad are wanted, but only the mediocre-the people wlho knotw just enough to avoid winding up their theatrical critique with "It took well and gave pleasure to all." The men who are too good to remain reporters all their lives, are as much outside the daily as the men who have sufficient journalistic ability to be clerks and not enough to write paragraphs about rsilway returns or to record the dodderinys of the fat men of the legislature. Why don't these incapables do something else, say you? Because in out. living the glemour.time when they thought reportorial work was all honor and glory, they have out-lived all fitness for anything but halting paragraphs and death. The shamelessly-sweating evening papers pay these incapables anything from ten shillings to a pound a week for doing all the news of a suburban district. Young in capables, middle-aged, careless mediocrities, old men who were once fairly successful and have dropped out of the running, fill these positions. One of these suburban corres pondents died the other day, allegedly of inflammation of the bowels. Men who knew this unfortunate, say the inflammation was only a result-that the cause was starvation. While this man died of simply want of tucker, a dull and respectable section of reporters award themselves medals-(why not tripe by the swavj)-and the rag which employed the dead scribbler talks holily of the duty swe owe our fellows, and is published in an atmosphere half meanness and half cant. The journalist is always poor, and, therefore, has a direct interest in breaking down the monopolies of land and opportunity which are only kept alive by the advocacy of a daily press, orte half corrup tion and tihe other half blockhiead, and yet the journalist goes on from decade to decade, supporting his natural enenmy. These things make me very, very tired. I always write verse when I am weary. See some here. You must understand that a sub editor's duty is not so much to put things into the paper as to keep things out, i.e.. things that reflect on the man with the Paris hat. Non then, ghost of the starved corres pondent, and mediocities who will go the same way in the logical course of events, are you listening? Thisis ithe news hack's end-this is his bitter meed lie ilO hias earned his bread by daily destroying tire truot,, lie who that sold himself to tihe Rg in his daily Ilruhless tie truth he slew-now does he know no Renegate all from the sen of the yeople, whose oten are ye Spies futr tie nteay, slain at last by tile enemy. Ye avre grown old in lies. ees of thie daily rag! Cloris'r yourere thet te truth; wcriting as you've Drowning a liew world's cry with whoops for a loing-curre t tla; IHelpirlto starlp on ithem by whom ye were borne ns stredrS And at last, whren your ecyes are dim with the Rag werk's premature ane, The cashier rules your accunt un red and turns to tlhe new slave 's page. Mien of the many are 5e-Claquers are ye for the But t e People's men, earning by lying your By upholding ire old rhich is dead, by stifling the Goud rwich is Nec- The mnss wouid reaah sooner tihe spoil, but 'e maoie the sny sip from their fees; For ye of tile army o srong are worse than the soldiers' of srords. They deal car the fers pltry wounds--ye fight with indelible words. Blind are ye! Blind are e all! that ye see not ilie tneohi'a strentgth, tlind are to! lIlirtd are ye all all! that yi se Desert ye your taskmaster'a ranks'ere the war-shock And ye tarrn so lng in the dark that oaur eyes grow blind st the day. Lie thenro o slrfor fooou r foes! Truth is your Follow not fllowing iRags! Lead on the Prints that lead! SLe.t thIe poetry f Sunday be tranr:sered to Monday, andI continued thIrouoi the week," seys thre Rev. Dr. Strong:. Lil:rssise the colltetiunz,. doctrr. 