IIUSIC &THE; DRAMA A DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. [BY TOUCHSTONE.1 I am sorry to hear the recent perform ance of the Lyric ConcertCompany did not rasult in the financial success anticipated. This is a pity for the society is well worthy of encouragement. The members furnish a really enjoyabo entertainment, C and the establishment of a permanent a musical institution of the class in the A city has long been spoken of as a necessity. i I would advise the management of the Lyric, however, not to rushtheir concerts t too closely one upon the other. Plenty r of time will permit of ample rehearsal and outside working up. The company con tains good material and should, despite preliminary obstacles, succeed in firmly r establishing itself in favour with the " Launceston public. Messrs Walton and Gourlay's Skipped by the Light of the Moon Company has just concluded a successful season at Hobart. Melbourne to follow. I hear that Mr Lawrence Campbell will appear in drama and farce at the Academy of Music on Prince of Wales's birthnight. He will be assisted by the leading local talent. Mr L. J. Lohr forwards me sxome clip- I pings from Melbourne papere relaive to t the roappearance in the ' marvellous' city of the Brough and Boucicault Com pany. 'If,' says the Argus, 'the leave taking of the Brough and Boucicault Company at the Bijou in Deccnmbr last was a popular demonstration uwhich was almost pathetic in its impressiveness and sincerity, the welcome accorded to that company on Saturday night last, when it commenced a short season at the Prin cess's Theatre,was marked by a heartiness of enthusiasm of feeling which must have convinced every member of it that old favourites are not easily forgotten in Melboarne, but are so freshly remem bered, indeed that they only have to present themselves on the stage in order to receive a greeting of such cordiality that it appears to combine a sentiment of personal affection with the admiration excited by the artists in their professional capacity. And what rendered the com pliment all the more gratifying was that it was paid to the company by a very large audience representing all classes of society. In the dress circle were to be seen His Excellency the Governor, Lady Hopetoun, and many of our more prominent citizens. The whole of the 1 stalls had been taken up as reserved seats, the galleries appeared to be as full 1 as they could hold, and at the back of the dress circle numerous spectators had to be contented with standing room only I during the whole of the performance.' Thus a Melbourne critic on the recent re-appearance of the veteran actor H. R Harwood as Cattermole in ' The Private Secretary.' We have never seen the part played with more buoyant vivacity and verve. The little gag occasionally indulged in gave a freshness and vigor to the dialogue, and assisted greatly in preventing the performance from flagging. Mr Harwood has clearly not lost his grip upon the esteem and appreciation of the play going public. He plays with a zest akin to his early days, when we remember him in such pieces as the Princess of Trebizonde the Siege of Troy in bur lesque, in Blow for Blow in the true comedy, as the Ghost in Hamlet, and, in fact, manifesting his talents in every branch of dramatic art. Mr Harwood has never lost touch with the stage, although he may be said to have retired on a competency from the active pursuit of his profession,and many of his best hits Shave been made in comic opera. As one cf the victims of the late craze for recon struction, however, he now appeals natu rally to the public sympathy, and it was evident onSaturday night that his friends, whose name is legion, were not oblivious of his claims to kindly consideration. In a professional sense, however, he needs no adventitious aids to win him favour with an audience. He can hold his own with any of the ' younkers' aroun him, and possibly excel them in proficiency.' Mr Arthur Clampett, the celebrated baritone, is with a concert company in New Zealand provinces. Misis Augusta Dargan, the tragedienne, visits New Zealand shortly. A recent San Francisco steamer had among its passengers the Misses Albu and ir (George Darrell, the latter en route for Chicago on the look-out for novelties Efor the colonies. In piloting a comic opera company ithrough Australia, an agent employed a bellman to herald the performance of "Les Cloches de Corneville.' The bellman bellowed through the town: 'To-night S"The Cockroaches of Cornall!l"' Mr Horace Lingard, the original Middle wick in 'Our Boys' in Arstralia, has appeared as PolydorePougart for the 938th time. His 'Old Guard' company includes Mr Walker Maxnook, the baritone, identi fled in Australia with the part of 'The Pirate King.' Someone once wrote to Edwin Booth asking his opinion as to the real or feigned madness of Hamlet. The great actor res ponded:-'?The subject is, as you know, one of the endless controversy among the learned heads. I think lam asked nearly 365 times a year, and I usually find it sateat to side with both parties in dispute on the subject. Yes, I confess I do not consider Hamlet mad-except in craft. My opinion may be of little value, but'tis the result of many weary walks with him for hours together here in the lobby. The peasants of the Oberammergau do not intend to be idle this year as regards theatricals. Thus we learn that Herr MIolitor's drama ' Die Rose Von Sicilien,' which treats of the life and death of St. Vitus, was to be performed at Oberam imergau recently under the direction of the well known Burgermeister Lang. A London critic once went a!l the way to Manchester to see Boerbohm Tree play Bainamlet. It was agreed that he should lunch with Tree after the performance, and 3i s he did. Tree was mightily disturbed i a.causeo his guest made no reference to the play. So, as the guest was departing, mTree followed him through the door, and called to him as he descended the stairs: I 'Oh, I say, old man, what did you think iO "EBamlet"P' To this the departing Sguest answered: 'Wonderful play old man-most wonderful play ever written.' The reception given to Mr Irving and Iiss Terry alt San Francisco has been of the most enthusiastic description, and the em1nd for seats quite unprecedented in that city, unless, indeed, we go back to the furore created by Patti's first appearance there. Frederick Burgess, for 20 years con nected with the Moore and Burgess Min strels, is dead. In early life he managed Thackeray's 'Four Georges ' lecture, and more than one of Charles Dickens's tours. Mr Stanley has got back to London from his South African tour much better in health and much heavier in pocket. On the close of the performance of L'Amico Fritz at the Melbourne Princess's on the 20th ult. the whole Italian Opera Cempany- principale, chorus, orchestra, and ballet-proceeded by special train to Adelaide, where they opened on the fol lowing evening at the Theatre Royal in 'Pagliacci.' Their reception appears to have been exceptionally warm, and the local papers are most enthusiastic in their com ments, both on the opera and on the per formers. Signorina del Torre has ' a highly cultivated soprano voice added to a charm ing personality,' and she 'proves herself an exceptionally capable actress in a very arduous role.' 'Signor Giraud . made a most profound impression by his masterly impersonation of a singularly difficult and tragic character. A more thorough realisation of the part could indeed hardly have been given. Signor Giraud's whole performance is with out parallel on the Australian operatic stage.' These comments are from the Advertiser, and the critic of the South Aus tralian Register is equally loud in his praise of these two accomplished artists, though neither journal appears ,to me (remark 'Baton' in the Leader) to appre ciate Signor Caruson's impersonation of Tonio at its full value, the talented baritone's really fine acting being in each case dismissed in some three lines. 