TALES AND SKETCHES. [ALT. RIOIITS RESKHVED.] "THE DAY WILL COME." Bv M. K. BKAUEON. Author of " Lady Audloy's Secret," " Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like und Unlike," "Thc Fatal Three," &c;, CIUPTLR V. I " l'oor link' life llmt loddlcii hull au hour. Crowned willi a flower or tiro, and there an end-'. Sir Godfrey'B devices for diverting Iiis wile's mimi from Hie morbid fancies of thu previous night answered admirably, öliu lull Doi encster iii lugli spline, after having invited her cousins to Cheriton lur tennis amt luuch ou the following day, and after having bd.de au affectionate guod-bye to Theodora, who was to start on his lioiiduys directly lie could iniike an end of Hume important business now in hand. His father told him laughingly that lie might have gone a week curlier had hu really wuuled lu gu. "1 believe there must be eoiuo intrudion for you in Doi chester, tliuugh 1 a. a nut clever cnuugh to find out wuut il is, said .Mr. Hol- brook innouendy, 'Mor you nuvc ouen talking about going away for thc last fortnight, and yei yuu don'i go." Lady t ai michael had lingered lu'the homely old house till uliuiaoou tea, telling lier cousins all they wanted to snow about ainu, i euciety in tandou, that une central sp.,i, of bright white light in the dull, gre y mast, ol Hie busy, cumiuuui>.ace Wo..it, tillich elle knew BU well und of which muy Itucu so lillie. JuuctaiM Sophia professed to be ubuvu cai mg lur th-se thmgs, except truui u purely phiiosop/iicu point ot view, as they cared lui .tula, beca, und wasps: bul they listened eagerly all ihe same, with occasional express! ;us 01 wunder that human bciugs cuuiu be bu u-ivial. *' Five huudi-ed |iouijds spent in flowers ut Lady Drumlook's ¿all," cried -upliy, " amt IQ ibmk that in a f sw more million yours i be auu may bc as cold as the North Pole, and » hat trace will there bo then of all thia butterfly world V " Did the Mouulains cuta tremendous clash this season ?" usked Janet, frivolously curious auout their immediate neighbours, cuuuty people who weut to Loudon tor the season, " ut course you kuow she had tliirt, thousand pounds left her by un unce quite lately. \- nd she is so utterly without bruins that I daresay she spent it all in entertainments." "Ob, they uid entertain a good deal, and they did their best, poor things, and people went to them," Juanita answered willi a deprecating air; "but still I should hardly like to bay that they ure in society, lu he first place she hus never succeeded in getting the Prince at any of her dunces ; aud iu the next placo her punies li.>ve a cluud of pro- vincial tininess upon them against, which it is in vain to struggle. Ue can never forget his constituents and his duty tu lils boruugb, aud that kind of thing dues not auBwer, if oue wants to give really nice parlies. I'm afraid her legacy wou'l du uer much good, poor soul, unless she gets soino clever person to Bhow her how to spend it. lhere is a kind ot society-, instinct, don't you KUOW, »nd she is without it. I believe the people who give good parlies i are born, not made-like [Mets and orators. " j Sir Godfrey looked down at her, smiling at ber juvenile arrogance, which to his mind, was more bewitching iban another woman's humility. 41 We mean to show thom the way, next year, if we take a hous ' in town," he said. " But we arc not going to have a house in town," answered Juanita quickly. " Why, Godfrey, you know I have done away with ell that kind of frivolity. We can go to Victoria-street in May, and slay with our people there just long enough to si« all the pictures, and hear some good music, and jutt rub shoulders with the friends we like at halt a dozen parties, and then we will go back to our neat at Priory. Do you think that I am like Lady Mountain, and vrant to waste my life upon the society-struggle, when 1 have yan ?" It was nearly six o clock when they left Cornhill. It was moro than half-past seven when, they drew near Cheriton, and the sun was setting behind the irregular line of hills towards Studland. They approached the Manor by one i,f the most picturesque lanes in the district, a lane sunk between high banks, rugged and rocky, and with herc there a massive trunk of beech or oak jutting out above the roadway, while thc gnarled and twisted toots spread over the rough shelving Í[round, and seemed to hold up the mead -w and upon thc higher lovel ; a dark, secret lookiuir laue it must have seemed on a moon- less night, sunk so deeply between those earth walls, and overshadowed by those gigantic trunks of interlacing branches; but in this mellow evening light, it was a place in which to linger. There was a right of way through Cheriton Chase, and this Bunk lane was the favourite approach. A br ad carriage drive crossed the Chase and Park, skirted the great vim avenue thal led to the li"uue, and swept round by a wido seini-circle to the great iron gates which opened on the high road from Wareham. The steep gable ends of an old English cottage rose amidst the trees, on the upper ground just outside the gate at thc end of the lone, ll was a veritable old English cottage, and had been standing ut that corner of tun park-like meadow tor more than two hundred yuurs, and had kuown bu' little change during these two centuries, lt was a good deal largor t han thc generality ot lodges, und it differed from other lodges us it stood out side the gate instead of inside, and on a higher level than thc road ; but it was a lodge all I bc same, aud the duty<of the per- sons who lived iii it was to open thc gate of Cheriton Chase to all coiners, provided they came in such vehicles us were privileged to enjoy the right of way. There was a line drawn somewhere ; perhaps at coal waggons or tradesmen's carts ; .but for the generality of vehicles thu carriage road across Cheriton Chase was free. A rosy-faced girl of about sixtocc came tripping down the stone steps built into the , tunk as the carriage approached, acd was . curtseying at thc open gate iu time tor Sir i Godfrey to doive through without slackening , ithe pace. He gave here friendly nod as hu passed "Does Mrs, Porter never condescend to open thc gate herself ?" he asked Juanita. " Seldom for anyone except my father. I I think BIIC makes a point cf doing it for him, ' thcugh I believe he would nindi rather she didn't. You inuslu't sneer nt ber, Godfrey. She is a very unassuming person, and very grateful for lier comfortable position here, though she has known better days, poor soul. " Thal is always ouch a vague expression. What wore the beter days like !" 11 She is a widow of a captain-in the mercantile marine, I think if is called-a man who was almost a gentleman. She was left very poor, and my father, who knew bur husband, gave her the lodge to take care of, and a tiny, tiny pension-not so «inch us 1 spend upon gloves, I'm afraid ; and she has lived hcio cc, tenledly and gnitof illly for the last l<?n years. It must lie a sadly dull life, for shi: is au intclh dual woman, too refined lo associate with upper servante aud village tradespeople ; BO BIIU hus no one lo lulk to literally no ono-except when the Vicar, oi any of us cull upon her. But that is not thc wor.it, poor thing," pursued Jiiunitu, drop ping her voice to a subdued uud sorrowful tone, " she hud u grail trouble .«orno years ng'i. You remember, dun't yuu, Godfrey ?" "I blush to wiy ihat Mrs. Porter's trouble hus escaped my memory." "Uh, you have buen so much away; you would hardly heur, perhaps. She had au oul> j daughter-lier only child indeed a very hand {Home girl, whom she adored ; and 'he girl ¡ went wrong somehow, and flisippeared. I ; never heard thc circumstance.!. I was liol i snppuncd to know, but I know she vani-hed I suddenly, uud that Illi ra was a good deal ol i fuss with motlier and thc ««'vallis, and the ¡ vicar ; «nd Mrs. Port m's hair began to whiten I from timi time, and people who had not cared j much for her boforc were so sorry that they j grow quite fond of her." " It is a common story enough," said Godfrey. " What could a handsome girl do -except go wrong-in such a life as that? Did silo open the gate while she was hero ?" " Only for my father, 1 believe. Mrs. L'orter has always contrived to keep a girl in a pinafore, like that girl you saw just now. All thc gi ls como from the same family, or have done fur thc Issi six or seven years. As soon as ilic i'irl grows out of pinafores she goes «ff to s 'inc better service, and a younger sister drups imo her place." " And her pinafores, 1 suppose." "Mrs. Porter's girls id way H do well. She has a reputation for making a good servant out of thc ra*' material." "A cl-.'ver woman, no doubt ; very clever, to have secured a lodge-keeper's berth with- out being obliged to open thc gate ; a woman who knows how to take care of iicrsclf." " Von ought not to disparage her, Godfrey. Thc poor thing has known su much trouble think of u hui it was tn lose thc daughter she loved-and in such II way-worse than death." "1 don't know about that. Death means the end. A loving mother might rather keep thc sinner ttimi lose the saint, und the sinner may wa-h herself clean and become u saint after t he order of Mary Magdulcu. If this Mrs. Porter had b. un really devoted lo her daughter she would liuve followed lier and brought her back t<i the fold. She would not bc here, lead- ing a life of genteel idleness in t hut picturesque old collup while thc losf sheep is still astray in the wilderness." " You ure very hard upon her, Godfrey." " 1 am hard upon ull shams and pretences. I have nut spuken to Mrs. Pori er above half a duzen times in my life-sile never opens thc gute for me you know- but I have a fixed impression Hint bbc isa hypocrite-u harmless liyiiocrite, perhaps-oucof those women whose chief object in life is to stand well with the Vicar of her parish. " They were ut thc hall dour by this time, «nd it was u quarter to eight. " Let us sit in the drawing-room thisevenlng, Godfrey," eaid Juanita, as Bbc ran oft* to dress for dinner. "The library would give me the hoi rors after lust night". " My capricious one. You will be tired of the drawing-room to-morrow. 1 should not be surprised if you ordered me to sit on the housetop. Wu might rig up a tent for after- noon tea bctweeu two chimney tacks " Juanita made u rapid toilet, and appeared in one of her graceful cream white tea gowllB, veiled in a cloud of softest lace, just os the clocks were striking eight. She was all gaiety to night, just us she had been all morbid apprehension last night; and they went to the drawing-room after dinner - together, for it wus not to bc supposed that Sir Godfrey would linger over a solitary glass of claret -alie flew to the graud piano and began tn play 1'ilo Mattel's famous waltz, which seemed thc most consummate expression of joyousness possible to lier. Thc brilliant music filled ihc atmosphere with gaiety, while the face of thc player, turned to her husband as Bile played, harmonised with the light- hearted melody. The drawing-room was as frivolously pretty as the library was soberly grand. It was Lady Cheriton's taste which had ruled here, j and thc ronni was a kind of record of her ladyship's travels. She had bought pretty things, or curious things wherever they took her fancy, and had brought them home to her Cheriton drawing-room. Thus the walls were hung with Algerian embroideries on damask or satin, und decorated with Rhodian pottery. The furniture was a mixture of old French and old Italian. The Dresden lea -erviccs and ivory Btutuettcs, and cupo di moule vases, and Copenhagen figures, had been picked up all over the Continent, without any regard to their combined effect; but there wen;so many tilings that thc ultimate result waa delight- ful), the room being spacious euuugh to hold everything without the slightest appearance of over-crowding. The piano «toed in a centr-1 position, and was draped with a Japanese robe of state-a mass of rainbow-hued embroidery on s ground of violet satin almost covered wits gold thread. It was the most gorgeous fabric (Jod frey Carmichael had ev-r seen, «nd it mude thc piuno a spot of vivid parti-coloured light, amidst the more subdued colouring of the room-the silvery silken curtains, the delicate Indian muslin draperies, and the dull lawny plush coverings of sofas aud chairs. The room was lighted only by clusters of wax candles, and a reading Ump on a small table near one of the windows. It was « rule that wherever Sir<Sodfrey spent his evening, there must always be a reading table and lamp ready for him. He showed ne eagerness for his books yet awile, but seemed completely happy 1 'liing at full length on a sofa near the piano listening and watching os Juanita played. She played more of Mattci's brilliant music another waltz-an arrangement of Afon ¿ Vcr -and then began ono ot Chopin's wildest mazurkas, which she played with un audacious self-alnndonment that was ulmosi genius. Godfrey listened rapturously, delighted with thc music tor its own sake, but even more delighted for the gladness which it expressed. She stopped at last, breathless, after Men- delssohn's Capriccio, (godfrey hud risen from thc sofa and was standing by her »ide. " I'm afraid I must have tired you to death," she said, "but Iliad a si range sort of feeling that I must go on playing. That music was a safety valvefor my ligh spirits." " My darling, I am so glad to sec that you hu.vc do: o with imaginary wons. We may have real troubles of sonic kind to faccby-and byc, perhaps, as wc go down thc hill, .so it would be very foolish to abandon ourselves to fancied sorrows while wc arc on thc top." " Real trouble-yes-Bicknees anxiety, the fear of parting," said Juanita in u troubled voice. "Oh, Godfrey, if we were to give half our fortune to the pool- if wc were to make en., e great sacrifice-do you think God would spare UB such pangs as these-Ibc fear -the horrible fear of being parted from each other í" " My dearest, we caunot make a bargain with Providence. We can only do our duty, and hope for the best." '. At any rate let us be very-very good to thc poor," urged Juanita, wilie intense earnestness; "let us have their prayers at least." I he nigl t was warm and still, end thc wiudows were all open to the terrace. Godfrey und Juanita took their coffee in their favourite corner by thc magnolia tree, and sat there fore. long time in thc soft light of the stars, talking the old sweet talk of their future. " Wc most drive to Swanage and see Lady Jane to morrow," said Juanita by and <iyc. " Don't you t biak it was very Wrong to go to sec my people-only cousins after all-before v.c went to your mother?" " She will come to us, dear, directly we give her permission. I know sht is dying to see you in your new charade!'." " How lovely she looked at thc wedding, in her pule grey gown and bonnet. I love her ubuocl as well as I love my own deal-, good, indulgent molhcr, und I think she is tue most [Kirfoct lady I ever met " " I don't think you'll find her much like the typicil mother-in-law, at any rate," replied Godfrey gaily. They decided on driving to Swanage next morning. They would go in thc landau, and bring the "motlier" back with them for a duy or two, if she could bc persuaded to come Juanita stifled u yawn presently, und seemed somewhat lunguid after ber sleepless night an long day of talk and vivacity. " I um getting very stupid company," she said. "I'll goto hedcirly tonight, i>odfrcy, and leave you un knur's quiet willi 'Wider Horizons. ' I luioivyonn.ro lunging tn go on with thal book, hut your chatterbox wife won't let vou." Of course l c protested that her society was wonb tunic than all thu books in the British Museum. Uc offered to take his hook up to lier room uud read her to sleep, if she liked ; but Rho would not have il so *' You shall have your own quiet corner and your books, just us if you were still a bachelor," she raid, cnressingly, iisBliehung upon his shoulder foi' u goodnight kiss. "As for mc, I am utterly tired out. Juliet and Sophy talked me to death ; and then there waa the long drive home. I shall be as fresh as ever to-morrow morning, and ready to be off to dear Lady Jane." He wont into the hall with her, and to tho top of the stairs for thc privilege of carrying her candlestick, and ho only left her at thc end of thc corridor out cf Which her room opened. She did not ring for her maid, .preferring solitude to that young person's attendance. She did not want to bc worried With elaborate hair brushing or ceremonies of any kind. She was thoroughly exhausted with the alternation of emotion of which ber life had been made up of late, and sho fell asleep almost as soon ab her head touched her pillow. The bedroom was over the drawing-room. Her last look from the open oasemcnt had shown her thc refluotion cf the lights below on thc terrace. ->he was near enough to huve spoken out of thc window to lier husband, had she been so minded. She could picture him sitting at the table at thc corner window, in his thoughtful attitnde, hoad bent over his book, one knee drawn up nearly to his chin, one arm hanging loosely across the ann of his low easy chair. She had Matched him thus many a time, completely absorbed in his book. She slept as tranqnilly as an, infant, and her dream-wanderings were all in pleasant places ; with him, always with him ; coufused after the manner of all dreams, but with no sign of trouble. What was this dream about buing with him at Woolwich where they wera firing a big gu ti -a curious dream ? She had been there ono« with her father to see a gun drawu- bul she had never seen one tired there-and now in lier dream alie stood in a crowd af strange faces, fronting thc river; and there was a long grey ironclud on the water-a turret ship ano: there came a flash, and then a pull of white smoke, and the report of a gun, short and sharp, not like the roar of a canoon by any means, and yet her dream showed her the dark sullen gun on thc grey denk, thc biggest cannon she had even seen. Slic started up from her pillow cold and trembling. Thut report of the gun had seemed so real and so near, that it hud awakened her. She was wide awake now, and pushed back her loose hair from her ey**}, and felt under lier pillow for her watch, and looked at it in thc dim light of thc night-lamp on the table by her beti. "A quarter"totone." She had left' the drawing-room a few minutes after ten. It was lung for Godfrey to have sat reading alone ; but he was insati- able when he hod a new book that iutcrested him. She .got up and put on her slippers and dressing-gown, pn;parcû ta take bim to task for hki late hours. She wes not alarinud by her dream, but the sound of that sharp report was still in her ears as she lighted her candle and went down into the silent house. She opened the drawing room door, sud looked across to thc spot where she expected to soe her husband sitting. His chair was empty. The lump was burning just as she had left it hours ago, burning with a steady light under thc green porcelain shade, but lie was not there. Puzzled, and with a touch of fear, she went slowly across the room to his chair. He had strayed out on the terrace perhaps-be had gone out for a final smoke. She would steal ofter him in her long white gown, and frighten him if elie could. " He ought at least to take me for a ghost," she thought. She stopped transfixed with a sudden horror. He was lyiuu on the carpet at her feet in a huddled heap, just as he had rolled out of his chair. His head was bent forward between his shoulders, hie face was bidden. She tried to lift his held, hanging over him, calling to him in passionate entreaty) and, behold, her hands and arm were drowned in blood. His blood splashed her white peig- noir. It was all over her. She seemed to be steeped in it, HS she sat on the floor trying to get a look at his face to see if his wound WAS mortal. For somo moriente she had no other thought-than to sit there in her horror, re- peating his name in every accent of terror and of love, beseeching him to answer ber. Then gradually came the conviction of bis unconsciousness, and of the need of help. He was badly hurt-dangerously hurt-but it might not be mortal. Help must be got. He must be cured somehow. She could not believe that he was to die. She rushed to the bell, and rang again and again an.l again, hardly taking her finger from the little ivory knob, listening as thc Bluill electric peal vibrated through thc silent house. It seemed an age before there was any response, and then three servants caine hurrying in-the butler, and one of the foot- men, and a scared housemaid. They saw ber standing there, tall and white, dabbled with blood. " Someone hos been trying to murder kim," she cried. " Didn't you hear a gun Î" Ko, no one had beard anything till they heard the bell. Thc two men iifted Sir Godfrey from thc floor to the sofa, and did all they could do to staunch thal deadly wouud in his neck, from which tho blood was still Souring-a bullet wound. Lamocrt, the utler, was afraid that the bullet had pierced the jugular vein. If there was life still, it was only ebbing life. Juanita flung herself on the ground beside that prostrate form and kissed thc un- conscious lips, and the cold brow, and thoso pallid cheeks ; kissed and cried over him, and repeated again and again that thc wouud was not mortal. "Is anyone going for the doctor?" she cried frantically. "Are you ali going to stand still and see him die? Lambert assured her that Thomas was gone to the stable to wake the men, and despatch a mounted messenger for Mr. Dalby, thc family doctor. " He might have helped us moro if be bad run there himself," cried Juanita. "There will be timo lost in waking the men, and saddling a horse. I could go there faster." She looked at thc door as if sho had half resolved to rush off to the village in her dress- ing gown and slippers. And then she looked again at that ularbie face, and again fell upon her knees by tho sofa, and laid her chook against that bloodless check, aud moaned and cried over him ; while thu butler went to get brandy, with but little hope in his mind of any useful result. u What un end to a honeymoon 1" he said to himself despondently. 