SANDS AND M'DOUGALL'S FACTORY. A WONDERFUL INSTITUTION. WHERE BANE-NOTES ABE MADE. (By a Travelling Repbesentativb.) During a recent journey to Melbourne, end In oonne of conversation with one of its leading end oldest established merchants, I learnt to my surprise that bank-notes, representative of tons of money, were bring manufactured at Messrs. Sands and MDongaUs factory in Speoeer-etreefc. To my surprise, as my im pressions have always been that Colonial back- notes wete only made in Great Britain. Said my infoimant, " It is all very qutetly done, you know, the workmen being kept under lock and key." Nevertheless I determined for once in my life to look upon a heap of money, and having made my wishes known to that most courteous of general managers, Mr. John Baxr, -experienced little difficulty in gaining access to the secret chamber. In fact, busy man though be always is, Mr. Barr placed h"n«nlf at my disposal for a couple of hours or more, and showed me a sight that comparatively few know is to be found in Victoria. How it should so long remain unnoticed by the enterprising pressmen of Melbourne is to me surprising, bat the feat remains that eo far as I could ascertain, no description of this teeming hive of industry has yet appeared, and I must pre mise that the one I propose to furnish to the readers of the Spectator will he bat a mere sketch of the place; to do it anything like justioe would require a fall day's quiet study under the guidance of an expert like Mr. Barr, for comparatively little can be seen in a couple of boars. I went merely to see bank notes printed ; I was shown an immense variety of other processes to which paper can be subjected, aud, although for many years connected with the publie press, I mnst confeEs that the nicety of the combinations under which things conneoted with my business are produced, fairly astonished me. The difficulty is to know where to begin, but I eappose the main and sole entrance to the seven storied immense block of building will be the best place. "Yet," I bear people say, 41 what can there be in a massive stone arch way?" listen. While my friendly conductor was called away for a few moments I noticed two strange notices over a clerk's office in the passage respectively inscribed, " No girls wanted," and " No boys wanted." " What does this mean ?" I enquired. " Oh !" replied Mr. Barr, "if we had not those board?, our clerks would be kept going ell day answering .anxious queries. You would be surprised at the scores, nay hundreds, of boys and girls wbo come keie in search of employment. Now when these oome of a morning they see by the notices whether there is any chanoe for them and go away or stay to furihet enquire as the boards may direct." Sabseqaently I elicited that when fully going in all departments, the factory fotnieheB employment to some six hundred men, women, and girls and boys of past school age. At the time of my visit there were about five hundred employed, and the payment of these, which I shU subsequently desciibe, was "one of the pr ttiest sights I witnessed. On the other side of the passage wss a long board with an immense number of books on some of which numbeied brass medallions still re mained. These were rimply check medals, each employe on arriving to work in the morn ing or tbe afternoon, as the ca?c may be, dis lodging his own particular number and dropping it through a slot ioto a Lie well j n check machine, which is neither more nor less than a very curious -dock. Bach slot in tbe machine corresponds with certain defined times on the dial of the clock, and as the machine slowly revolves round, tbe slots appear and disappear according to the time of day. The divisions into which the medallioos drop after pwmng through the slots are also made to correspond with the times marked on the dial, which can only be altered and limed by tbe clerk responsible for its correct behaviour. Of course, a further check is also kept by toe re spective foremen, but no employ has yet been found trying to dodge that clock. This be might do by aekiog a fellow workman going early to drop his tally into the slotbat the game would not be worm tue nsx run, as it would inevitably mean loss of profitable employment. I should have mentioned that this clock is at toe bottom of a vast well or yard formed by the four sides of theiuildiog which tower high above, and are riddled with iron and stone staircases and passages by which access can be gained to the several floors. Access can also be gained inside by means of a lift, but there are no inside stain. In faot all communication between floors on the inside has been purposely avoided and this for obvious reasons. With , the exception of doors passed by the lift in its journeys into space or down into the depths below ; no wood has been used in the con- atruction of the building, it is all of bricks, iron, and cement, and directly the day's work is over, all communication, whether by lift or the oatside stairs, is cut off by means of massive iron doors and shutters. Thus were a fire to break out, and this reminds me thnt the Company has its own special and well-ap pointed fire brigade, tbe flames conld, it is believed, be easily confioed to any storey in which they might break out, and, for lack of draught, be able to do comparatively little damage before being suppressed. Tbe building, it may be added, is a perfect square, measuring 150 feet by 150 feet. in the depths. On leaving the yard I was taken down into the depths to see the motive power in tbe shape of a 250 h.p. horizontal engine without which ' the hundreds of peculiar and ingenious msobines overhead would be silent and a vast industry \- non'at. This engine, by means of a vertical . -abaft, is conneoted with all tbe seven floons,but . in case of a break-down there it a 16 h.p. gas ( -engine. This, thanks to toe care and attention . paid to its big brother, has never yet, I believe, been brought into nse. Another engine, used for working the dynamo and producing thousands of electric lights, is also to be found in this particular chamber which, as indeed are ' all other portions of the establishment, is kept most scrupulously clean. Passing along, a mas sive iron door is notioed in the fortress-like walls of toe basement. This door can only be opened by means of duplicate keys and, when opened, gives access to a strong room toe like of which is seldom seen outside of banks nod not even in some of those institutions. In this prison-like chamber are kept supplies of valuable paper — paper that will eventually represent tens of thousands, nay, hundreds of thousands of pounds. I allude to that peculiar baud-wove npaterial of which faank-ootes are made, and am not afraid of letting it be known where it is ; kept, for the simple reason that tbe place is not .- only burglar-proof and constantly watched, but the paper and. other valuable articles would be absolutely useless to any but . the .firm to whom it has been entrusted, ' none others in these colonies having toe neces- aary appliances to convert it into paper money. \- Next, and etill iu the basement, X came to the engineer's fitting shop, where all aorta of lathes &nd; olh#T useful aptOiances were, for toe time being, wrapped in slumber, it being late in tbe svfterooon. Pasting onwards, and having noticed knife grinders and other ingenious machines worked by stam power, I got into the inferno of the place, an immense boiler ; supplied by the Austral Otis Elevator Company casting an uopleasant heat around, its furnace being in tbe act of cousumisg coal at the rate of 500 tons a year. In another section of the basement was an oven for the ; roasting of gall-nuts for ink-making purposes, ' forget, etc., and next I was shown the first of to me, many interesting processes. Moit of my readers mutt be aware that originally all litho graphic work was done on thick, smooth stones, something like the softpetone to be found near Coleraine, but much harder, and carrying a beautifully smooth and polithed faoe. As the processv became more fully known,and there was a cotTespooding increase in the demand for this particular kind of stone, it became quite an ex pensive article. In fact, one slab of it would cost 50a, or even 60s. Naturally tois set some \- £ lever niaiE to: work— I jam aonyl forget his giajne£-nd the rdralthas been thataltoeugfc "Die stonels still used Ita cost is comparatively infinitesimal. --- Let me explain. Die workman firat of all, by means of a mil), crushes toe stone into aa impalpable powder, which is blown through strom-heated. pipes to a jet, which, handled fay ao exptft, sprays the powder in equal thickness over a ane plate of whatever ! sire may be -required. -endtoii is sabseqaently; passed th rough -'a heated -space. The coat ; ing cn the sine is bat A -film, wonderfully even-s -smooth in fact as toe polisfaea stonPrlf could be-rand bnwsithe draftsman cr designer practises his delicate art. This . invention has reduced the cost \- 1 Conriderablf, for as good woik nan now" I n faedonesm-a powdered stoo plate costing 2s, as r -'fonnerly on a stone costing 60s or 60s, and Z fiiri aayaddjtoat home Of the designs! was shown £V«pAno pistes -were marvels of delicate exam- 'tioo. ' Adjoining this machine was a ponderous' cue of Alfred Gottmaan's .manufacture, bj which the zinc plates could be prepared without a Htii dee -of Uaiy' manasl labour. The stress,' t ?;foadomsdgriAs toquhaitobringbrought Into aSiObitoat tone, judging by toe lucieaio of bnsinew, mnst npidfypeptto-. Mr rod. Hon Suria nd ITDnpD nu>ke tat Ml tbe Anrtn«£tytynuiirafa,and .ad I at gMdnrot kn Bw rotOTrffiemMbv f-nr-Aw, the Burners. In the olden days, before adhesive envelopes came into vogue, . they would pro bably faave done an enormous business in this line. As it is, they only turn out two tons a week ! ! Fancy what an amount of red-tape Urn that quantity of sealing-wax mnst repre sent. Adjoining this is tbe carpenters' shop, where steam saws are buzzing in every .direction and all kinds of office furniture, such askand- some etationezy cabinets, deskv, eta, are being produced. Still continuing in the basement with which I fear my readers may think I shall never have done, I came across a great supply of lithograph and paper varnishes, all made on tbe premises, and thence found my way Into an immense cellar filled with barrels, but not foil of wines or beet — simply redolent of water colours in all stages of manufacture, some being ground in pug-mills, othere steeped in size boilers, etc. At. least 150 shades of colours were represented io tois vast depository. Ad joining tois department, was one in which ink mills were in full swing, or, I should say. roll. Oleaginous looking pastes of various shades of colours, black, red. green, violet, etc., were being worked by granite rollers into a proper state of consistency previous to being diluted and sent out to toe world. About the inks I shall have more to say. fbom above to below. From the basement, I was rai idly conveyed in the lift up to the very top or seventh storey of tbe building, a sadden transition fnd»ed, from comparative gloom to a brilliant light. Here I found an immense stock of envelopes, most of which, as I subsequently elicited, con stituted a monument of departmental lack of foresight. Tbe greater portion ot this stock formed part of a very extensive contract under taken for the Government, and which is to be completed by the first of July. On that day delivery will have to be taken and the con tract money paid over. Mark the result. Tbe contract is to supply the requirements for tbe twelve months ensuing, and toe envelopes on leaving Messrs. Sands and M'Dongali's will go into a private store. Thus there will not only be much interest lost but also the cost of storage, both of which might be avoided by giving orders for the envelopes as required from month to mooth say, or from quarter to quarter I did not ask what sum was represented by these millions of envelopes, but it must be something immense, and the interest lost by tbe State considerable. Above us was the slats roof, supported by iron girders, and in one place I noticed a window of great size. I found my self in the largest photographic establishment it had ever been my luck to enter, filled with large and small cameras. Tbe largest of these was a ponderous looking machine, capable of taking 20 x 24in. pictures. The machine, in order to leeseo vibration, was fitted on to india-rubber supports and moved on a pivot. It looked, as I have said, heavy and cumbersome, nevertheless could easily be moved by oue's little finger. Here also was a vast assortment of zioc etchings and collo type pictures, mauy of wbich have in years past captivated toe Victorian public by their beauty. The next industry, it was a pleasure to watch, was the very clever and prompt manner in which pieces of pasteboards could be converted into handsome boxes.known to drapers and other tradespeople, as also those pictorially illustrated little cases in which cigarette smokers delight. Some of toe varieties would have to pass through twelve different pairs of hands before completion, and pass they did from one to toe other quietly and rapidly, no confusion being noticeable though many of toe employes were young and might be deemed inexperienced ; tots, 1 hasten to say was not the case, as every one of them had had to learn the simpler before the more difficult processes. In the box depart ment I was also shown some that many a keeper of poultry yards or orchards would be pleased to possess for the packing of produce. Those were two different varistits of egg and fruit cases, one an American invention, the other, tl the Inv?cta," invented by Mr. M'Dougall "himself, and of the two, I think I prefer the latter. The cases are' composed of a number of compartments, made of what is known as corrugated sirdwboard,cach egg having a compartment to itself. These continuous compartments can be fitted in any ordinary case or box, and when so packed, it is simply impossible to break toe eggs by shaking. The cost of the strawboards is something very small, sufficient com partments for a thousand eggs being ob tainable for a few shillings. Larger compart ments axe also manufactured for toe con veyance of fruit, such as oranges, applet, peaches, etc., and these should be invaluable to orchard proprietors, more especially those who bave to send fruit any distance. Indeed, no better mode to my mind, has yet been thought of for the proper exportation of Australian fruit to Europe. I commend these inventions to the attention of our local storekeepers doing a business with country people. Oa the next floor, after passing some very simple, but ingenious, paper-ruling machines, I arrived at an artificially heated chamber run ning along the entire front of the building in which paper staining was g ing on, and this was one of tbe most interesting of processes. A roll containing a mOe, more or less , of paper gradaally revolved, and the paper as it unwound passed over a roller and through a dish of colour. Thence it went through other rollers provided with brushes, which equally distributed tbe colour. From thelastof this series of rollers the stained paper was, by mens of an endless chain, taken up to a sort of narrow -tramway near the ceiling, the paper being kept out to its full width by means of sticks which were also taken up the endless chain st measured intervals — that is to say, when a full festoon of the paper reaching from the tramway to nearly the floor had been formed. Slowly and by invisible agency, these festoons moved along the full length of the building, and returning ou another tramway were wound up at the end whence they had started, thoroughly dry and ready for further treatment. At the time of my visit there were four of these machines air work on red, green, bine and yellow paper, and after witnessing the staining and lifting process I proceeded along to the end of toe place where toe return journey commenced, and can assure my readers that the effect produced by these silently moving miles of various coloured papers was a most peculiar one. Especially waa this the case where they, without human agency, and by the, to the onlooker, invisible action of overhead machinery, turned with jast a ghost like rustle (if indeed ghosts do rustle) to com mence their homeward journey. Tbe mannfcture of paste-boards was another interesting sight the various thicknesses, thanks to tbe rid of ingenious machinery, being joined together with remarkable celerity. On the same floor railway tickets were being manu factured for the Government at the rate of one million per week ! Here be it said thatal though Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall are entrusted with the printing ot Government £10 deben tures and bank notes up to £100 each in value, they amply have to make the paste-coloured cardboard fox railway tickets and cut it to proper size. Tbe tickets must he printed at the Government Printing Office. " Quite right too," some may say and so it might "be TrISrt --dae aoonamv nrariaaa. Bat I was told whilst in MrlfiSuliit Uwti at toe Government Printing Office dming tbe printing of railway tickets, one foreman is engaged to look alter every six men so em ploye!, and that this foreman's salary would be from £6 to £7 a week. For similar supervision Sands and M'Dougall would have to pay 21s a week, as one supervisor would under their system, be able to look after more workmen. Surely this is a subject that may well receive the attention of a retrenching Government, and if found to be based on fact, amended. For the life of me I cannot see why the printiag of these tickets should not be entrusted to the contractors for the cards. I am certain the. work conld be done by them a ' great deal cheaper, and why they ehould not be entrusted with the printing of paltry railway tickets when they are with £10 Government debentures end bank notes, is one of those things that no fellow can understand. Passing onwards, I came next to some brushing machines (I hope Mr. Barr will exouse me if this is not the. proper name for them), in which papem stained by the process already described were being gradually prepared for their '"Sunday best."> When stained, tbe coloured faoe of the paper is somewhat rough. Subsequently, it goes through a series of these brushing cylinders and comes out smooth. Then it passes through the cullender machine, con sisting of rollers filled aud heated by steam, capable of putting on an immense pressure, . which puts on a polish as bright as that to be : seen ou the very beat papier macJte. As it" leaves toe culienderiqg machine the paper Is cut by a vertical knife into any lengths that may be required. .But drapers and others like to be Is ; the fashion now-a-days, even with respect .to ihrir gaper .lores. Plaln pclubed Itolosn pipers re not to their fishcy. Consequently tbe oullendered article, after bring subjected to' toe action of toe vertical knife, as passed through a pattern machine (toe purchaser, o course, being allowed to fhooeeluB own pattern and,' prestol toere yon faave imitations of morocco, of watered rilk, or whatever other pattern yap may bave caked for, every1 Aaste bring .catered for. J have already referred to corrugated r. straw board — well,! tbe> corrugation, very like that we see' in froDj ' is done by a machine adjoining the last described. This MrTDompbred jf steam4 rollers, on which is the pattern or size of corrugation" required, and immense pressure, bring-appliedjtbe thick pasteboard is curled Ioto shape that it will never istibseqoentiy entirely ' lose ableer reduced .intopnJpL It mayxotjbe generally knownMn fact i did notAnow. it jnysdf— thatgndsoh's gflebnitod writing inks are-made. fcy£e«ra This, however, is toe case, find they axle said to." nut nie Australian climate better toan any lotber-inkittfcde. This Aemtferixperts to derides nil ttnowSstoat leaynvmstiquasititir ofjnkpfWNV Tcdfouo,jwddnjI»ttie6 riril 1 styjepan drires. FTextto toenper was bring; carbonized for drapnto>!toB tn falqdr, a red, > gpydopw nearly completed for the flownmimt TOn tbo MrtTfloor were envelope, in rapid Jevddpmente006einE«hiea atone Mow ofi eutteMfaenee put on a fitting umohine wfcwh , Jt.. !-& « | fanned them out as they went along endless tapes. On arriving at this portion of their journey, their tips were gummed, next they were dried hy passing over a tested roller and subsequentlypas ted and folded in the twinkling of snore. Embossing machines next passed in review and when it is stated that the Company obtained the first award at the Exhibition for work in this department it can well be under stood it mnst be the best of its kind. Most of as have seen embossed seals, bat these were far exceeded in beauty and conception by some thoums of embossed designs, representing maoy phases of human life, comic and otherwise, and in coats of many colours which were spread out for my inspection. The black edging of mourning envelopes and paper seemed a dirty process, but the edges came out wonderfully bright and even. In another corner of this floor attention was being paid to the manfacture of menu and Easier cards, etc., and then we rapidly passed tbrongh the portmonnaie, pocket books and book binding department. All these are on an extensive scale and I noticed an immense number of red-bound ledgers familiar to those who have been in the habit of visiting banking chambers. Surely this was substantial evidence of toe fact that "it's an ill wind that blows nobody good." an effective scene. As It was within a few minutes of five p.m. on a Friday evening when wages are paid, Mr. Barr invited me down to witness that proceed ing; and I at once noticed that the lower -flights of stairs on each side of the building had been decreased to half their usual width by means of iron rails. The reason was soon apparent. At the foot of each flight was a pay-office, and the redaction of the width was to prevent any undue rushing or crushing. The 5 o'clock gong sounded, and there was a rush from every floor of men and women, boys and girls, like so many bees from a hive. Joyously they came down toe various flights, hut not too tumultously. They knew that there was enough aud to spare for all, and that every thing would be over iu a very few minutes. At Mr. Batr's request I looked up at the great clock. It was perhaps half a minute after five when tbe first payment was made, at ten minutes past five everyone of those 500 or so employes bad received his or her weeks wages. Tbey presented their numbers at the pay office window, received in turn a hermetically sealed tin box containing their wags, cast these hexes, after denuding them of their contents, into receptacles, whence they would be taken out again for future use, and gleefully, especi ally those who by good work had won bonuses, made tht-jr way out. It was a most pleasing sight, and I could not help thinking how many homes must be made happy by the em ployment given at that factory. There is no sweating there, it is all piece work, fair prices are paid, bournes are given, and to all appear ances the employes are happy and contented with their lot. debentubes and bane notes. Payment over, I sauntered into the com posing room, which occupies half the width of toe whole building ; a splendid room it is, one that would surprise many an up-country paper owner. Thence up a flight of stairs and past some strongly-barred windows. This was the place I bad primarily come to see, hut which Mr. Barr had kept as a bonne bouchcJ It was behind those bars that Government debentures and bark notes were bring made. The strong door was securely locked, but an open sesame uttered by Mr. Barr had toe desired < fleet, and we weie admitted. The first person I met there was Mr. Kemp, a well known officer of the Treasury Department, and his province waa to see that none of the £10 debentures there being printed from steel plates for the Govern ment, went wrong. The work on these was very fine, especially the minute working on the attached coupons, on presentation of which, at stated periods, holders of debentures will receive at the rate of four per cent, on the £10. In other portions of tbe room were the stones and plates in use for bank notes, Sands aud M'Dougall having tbe con tracts for tbe supply of notes to the National, Commercial, New South Wales, Victoria, Colonial, Union, and in fact nearly all colonial banks. Some of toe notes, according to the : number of colors on them, have to pass several times over toe stones before being completed, and the trace ry on the stones or plates is wooderfally fioe. Notes of every denomination up to £100 each are made there, aud ample as toe machinery appeared to me, I am told there is no other place in toe colonies capable'of doing the same work. Unfortunately it bring late I did not see so much of tbe process as I conld have wished, but ascertained toat all toe paper is manufactured in Great Britain, and comes out in sealed parcels of 1000 each to the Banks. Bv these tbev are 6 nt to Messrs. Sands and. M'Doagril, and doled out as required to a responsible individual, whq must before leaving toat secret chamber, account ior every sheet of bank paper meted out to him. Iu fact, every possible precaution is taken, and so far not the slightest mistake has been made. Mr. Barr was, naturally, very reticent about the number of. bank notes pro duced, their value, etc. Indeed he told me that was a secret known to but fw. I think, however, I am right in saying that were it re- -quiredi a million could . be made in a moatb. Mr. Wilson is the factory manager, Mr. Barr general manager, for as known to most, this is not the only Urge place owned by tbe company in Melbourne, and Mr. M'Dougall is toe managing director. The latter is one who is constantly on the move, and under whose vigilant eye, none care to slumber. I am aw&re; I might have made much more of the place, that it is deserving of more careful and ex tensive treatment, but trust that what I have been able to say will give those who have read it, a fair idea of what is being done by a world- famod company in Mribourne. 