LONDON WEEK BY WEEK. fTTEIIXEN- A2TD IlXrSTKATED BY HaEBT FUESISS.l London. June 16. Is Mr. Gladstone to be gagged ? The senior member for Northampton and the member for Barkshire, better known as Toby, M.P., as well as other Gladstonians, seem to think the Premier is too voluble. In fact, he is his own obstructionist, and they move the closure upon him. In their opinion he ou^hfc to leave more work to his lieutenants ; but, as I remarked before, the Home Rule Bill is a one-part play, and when the chief actor leaves the stage the action ceases and the piece is in jeopardy. THE OSAXD OLD JIAX GAGGED. THE OSAXD OLD JIAX GAGGED. It is a tremendous undertaking for so old a man, and in that fact lies the interest. Take him out of it for a month, and Home Rule is lost for this session. All the Committee-rooms would be occupied by the separate parties, holding meetings to consider their differences and resignations and various squabbles. It ia sad to see the Grand Old Man fighting singlehanded, but there is no help for it, and gagging him is an impossibility. The death of the great American tragedian is deeply felt in the theatrical world of London, as the pretty and pathetic cable gram from Irving and others to Clement Scott testified. Booth had made a host of friends during his two years in this country, and a legion of admirers by Vii** grand Shaksperian impersona tions. I was speaking to him in ]£ew York about a year ago. He was seated in his favourite armchair by the fireplace in the large room of the 'Players' Club,' close to his own portrait, painted by Sergeant. His beautiful expressive face lit up as we spoke of friends in London ; but he was even then fading away. Apropos of this portrait, I received some lines from an anonymous correspondent ; why sent to rue I fail to see, but here they are, and I add a slight sketch of the portrait to show that the satire is probably better than the versifying — Booth Upbraiding His Tailor. Know'st thoj, vile Schneider, how thy bungling hath Stirred the great actors mighty soul to wrath ? How can he move with his majestic stride Wail* flop his pants, and gods above deride? Go, wretched fraction ot the full-formed man, Go, and redress your victim as quickly as you can. There was a demonstration in London last Saturday in favour of the Local Veto Bill. 'This is Bung's funeral1' was inscribed on a large white nag with a wide black border, and other suggestions, remarks, and emblems, without which no demonstration now is considered complete. All must agree that drink is the cause of much misery, and all would willingly do everything in reason to alter the present sad state of many of our countrymen: but so many want to reform without reason that they defeat their own ends. I must say tho cham pions of temperance are a sorry lot to look at, and their prin cipals are too fanatical and unfair, I think, to judge by appearances. A little holiday from temperance would do them no harm. On one of the banners on Saturday was in scribed, ' What '. rob a poor man of his beer 1 Yes, and give him good victuals instead,' ?whilst a fevr days before Ernest Hart assured us all that we ate too much meat, and that eating to excess killed us ! Isow there is no doubt teetotallers eat too much and are too fond of sweets — that may account for their pasty faces and irritable temper. Last Saturday's proceedings were relieved by Sir William Karcourt, who is responsible for the Veto Bill, putting in an appearance. Here is the account given of the gentleman's venture, in the principal Gladstonian organ: — 'It was Sir William Harcourt again, with his wife. J- ot content^ with seeing the procession, he was carrying still further his investigations into the strength of the feeling on behalf of his Bill. icenmpanied by a fevr of Sir Wilfrid Lavrson's pioneers and of the Volunteer Park Escorts, whose protection, however, proved quite unnecessary, Sir William walked round the field, his train of admirers sweeping afrer him past the platforms like a great comet in a planetary system. There were frequent cries of 'Speak, SDeak,: but tho right hon. gentleman remained mute. £ rom tune to time he raised his hat or gave a military salute with his hand, but he had not counted on attracting so much attention, and soon tried to escape. Reaching one of the walks he found matters worse, for to the other embarrassments of an eager crowd was added that of clouds of dust kicked up iy running feet.' 4i The great comet in a planetary system' is good. The Times states that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was followed by a volunteer herald, who announced his name 'to those ivho were not sufficiently familiar with contemporary caricature to b-» acquainted, with his face and figure.' Surely Sir William ought to have carried his own banner. Madame tJalve m Carmen at the opera is a musical and an artistic triumph. If ever that gifted lady should lose her beautiful sinying voice I would propose her having ' Carmen' adapted as a play, and a good play too it would make. She would certainly take the town by storm by her finished acting alone I'll go further in my dreadful suggestion and say, if she lost her voice altogether, she could act 'Carmen' in dumb show d la 'L'Enfant Prodigue,' and still fill the theatre, so graceful and perfect is her acting. Add~ to it her voice, and you have a treat seldom, if ever, rivalled upon the operatic stage. Sitting the other night in a crowded house, listening to this charming opera, E asked myseif a question I have failed to answer. Why does the majority of London society go to the opera 1 Isox. to heai the music — they talk to each other ; not to see the per formance — they look at each other. Yet surely not to talk and see each other, for they do that in a dozen places during the day and night. It a duty. I suppose. Certainly, to all appearances, not a pleasure. By- the- way, the array of diamonds at the opera this season 13 greater than ever — and yet no one has any money '. The.mashers are wearing gloves in the theatre again, and black waistcoats in place of white : indeed, the white waistcoats with evening dress are doomed. It was customary for guests dining at Marlborough House/ tc don this article, but this fashion^ has recently been altered. When one saw two or three men in a London Club late in the evening in white waistcoats it was well known where they had dined ; therefore, those Tho ?were not in the habit of knocking at Marlborough House door, but of having a quiet chop, sported these distin guishing garments. It is only to be known that the Prince has returned to the orthodox black for the white Traisn?ns».fc in vanish pnfirplv. EverVOUt} is familiar with the astrachan waistcoat of Lord Salisbury, and that part of the raiment of the ex-Chainnan of Committees, Hr. Courtney, was a tiling of beauty — yellow, with brass buttons. Mr. Lucy has devoted several pngps of his ' Diary of 'the Salisbury Parliament' to the late Jossph Biagar's waistcoat, and all that were present during the baitiiu of the unfortunate W. E. Forster, when Chief Secrecary for Ireland, by the Irish members, will not readilj forget his aggressive waistcoat of extraordinary pattern, which bulged out in gorgeous array and quelled his adversaries. The action taken by Mr. Sexton in throwing up his seat in tiie House in consequence of a dispute \vith Mr. Ti;a He:\ly over the Fi-ccnwiCs Journal is received by both sides of the London Press with delight. The \--!adstoni;ins point to the incident as showing that the Irish party will not be united, but cut up into sections in their Parliament, and that, therefore, tho Ulster men will have equal strength, so that Englishmen ought nor to oppose Home Rule any further. At the same time the Union Press are exultant, pointing to the split as another proof of the absurdity of giving Home Rule^ to those who cannot agree among themselves. I believe Sir. Sexton was merely bluffing, and vanity is the sole cause of his attempt at political 6uicide, for 'the same reason as some strange beings have at one time and another allowed the announcement of their decease to be reported, so as to read the nice obituary notices about ^themselves. Mr. Sexton, no doubt, is one of the ''cleverest men in the House. He 'orates,' as 'Americans say, and deserves his nickname of 'Windbag Sexton.' He is a little man, with a curiously shaped head, small in stature, and wears short trousers. He has a strong belief in Thomas Sexton, and it is no secret that he is anything but popular with his own party. The Four-in-hand Club held their first rnaet of the Beacon in Hyde Park last Wednesday. Compared with the Coaching Club meet of the previous Saturday it was not a gcod show, indeed some of the teams might well be on their wav to the knacker's yard in place of parading to Hurlingham. A little incident at the meet of the Coaching Club ia worth recording. Mr. Frank Goeeett, the popular Assistant Sergeant-at-Arms, had a seat upon Mr. Segar-Hunt's coach. Unfortunately just as the coaches started this particular passenger, possibly nervous at being gazed at by me cruwu ui atumriiig ladies &t; lae Magazine corner, dropped his stick, and it fell into the road. What was he to do ? Of course the coach could not be stopped ; the order of the parade would be upset. The stick must not; be lost, so in an instant the athletic sergeant (who, by-the-way, is famous on the tennis lawn) followed his stick. In an instant he was oil the coach, rescued his prize cane, plunged through the crowd, vaulted the Park railing, and dashed at full speed across the Park in the hone of catchino- the coach at the other side, heeding not the cries of 'btop Thief!' 'Mold im, and shrieks from the bewildered public. He dashed through the crowd lining tne south side, and flung himself in the roadway just as the coaches came round steadily. Mr. Segar-Hunt's much admired teams came along, and in its way stood the valiant sergeant. The driver saw him. Yes, there was no mistake ; Frank Gossett's double was there. It could not be Frank Gossett, for he was upon the coach. Re markable resemblance, thought the driver, as he neared the solitary figure in the road. Most remarkable, uncanny, un — the driver's hand trembled and the leaders swerved. Was it a ghost ! Nervously he passed the mysterious double, and never looked back until the end of the journey. Then to hear the explanation and enjoy a good laugh. BOOTH, AFTEK SEE GfLLXT. BOOTH, AFTEK SEE GfLLXT. ?BKSSZ& FOR SIR WILLIAM. ?BKSSZ& FOR SIR WILLIAM. 3IADA3IB CALVE. 3IADA3IB CALVE. MR. SEXTOX. MR. SEXTOX. 'STOP THIEF: 'STOP THIEF: 