How a Man Who nad Cheated Him Came Back After Death to Apologize. Uniontowin, Pa., News. "I never go much on ghost stories," began Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton House the other eveniug. The old gentleman had been listening with more or less attention to a series of fables being told by the guests of the hotel. "Well, I don't know," the old contractor replied. " My experience in that direction bas been somewhat remarkable. I don't sup pose you will believe me, but the story I will tell you is true. I can produce a living wit. ness to it, and I will at any time make nfli davit to its accuracy. Two years ago I was building a piece of railroad down in the east. ern part of this Statr. Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader in whom I had little or no confidence. As the bills for the ties came in I paid them promptly and took receipts from every man. I knew to the tie the number used. After mly contract was completed the old trader sued me for the price of fifty ties. The case was tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. The old man had sworn to his bill, and little or no defence could be made. When I paid the money I warned the old fel. low. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappy ending. About six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just as plainly as I can see you now he was there in life. He wakened me by calling my name. My partner was in bed in the same room just a few feet from me. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence. He said he could not see him and laughed at me. He toeid me I was dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader called me by name. He said he had been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the money. Thevisionthen vanished. Mypartner talked with me of the matter before we went to sleep again. The next morning he told the story on me as a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. He had died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to me. I have no idea-how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satisfied his visit to me was the last one. That story is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered. Father (irascibly)-" Who's got my boot jack l" Cora (smiling archly--" The cat." SPuck. The Queen of Siam's Thimble.-The thimble es a Dutch invention that was first brought to England in 1690 by one John Lofting, who began its manufacture at Islington, near London, gaining thereby both honor and profit. Its name was derived from the words thumb and bell, being for a long time called thumble, and only lately thimble. All records say that thimbles were worn on the thumbs; but we can scarcely conceive how they would be of much use there. Formerly they were made of brass and iron only, but of late years, steel, silveT, gold, horn, ivory, and even pearl and glass, have all been used for making thimbles. A thimble owned by a queen consort of Siam is shaped like a lotus bud, that being the royal flower of the country, and almost everything about the court bearing, in a greater or less degree, some impress of the lotus. This thimble is of gold, thickly stud ded with diamonds, which are so arranged as to form the lady's name and the date of her marriage. It was a bridal gift from the king, who. having seen the English and American ladies at his court using thimbles, took this method of introducing them among his own people. Household Hints.--Back window sills are made more attractive if painted a soft green or red and filled with some plant. An oblong box of live-forever or creeping Charlie will grow luxuriantly and require but little care. Lard may be made perfectlysweetby boil. ing a pared potato into it. In finding places for kitchen utensils study every time to place them where it will take the least walking to reach them. To clean a porcelain kettle, fill half full of hot water and put in a table spoonful of powdered borax; let it boil. If this doesn't remove all stains scour with a cloth rubbed with soap and borax. Insomnia has been cured by bandaging one of the legs at the knee with layers of wet calico and covering these with a sheet of waterproof cloth. The vessels of the leg wer dilated and the amount of blood in the head diminished, and sleep followed. To keep insects out of bird cages, tie up a ittle saulphur in a bag and suspend it in the cage. Red ants will never be found in closet or drawer if a small bag of sulphur be kept there. Small umbrellas are effective for shades on lamps and gas chandeliers. Those of Japanese paper are covered with orange, pink or crimson roses made out of tissue paper, and are fastened as a shield at one side of the globe. A large bow of ribbon of the same oolor fastens the handle. 