Disciples at Ephesus. Ephesus, at the time of the Apostle's visit, was one of the most flourishing cities in the world. Its geographical position made it a place of great im- portance, and brought to it a great deal of the world's commerce. Much wealth was brought into the city. The costly temple of Diana, built of chiselled marble and carved cedar and cypress, was known far and wide. St. Paul, now in his third missionary journey, comes again to Ephesus, and finds there “certain disciples.” He commenced with them by inquiring into their spiritual state. He put a question to them, “ Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed?” or, as in R. V., “ Did ye receive the Holy Ghost when ye believed ? “The answer was that, so far from receiving the Holy Ghost, they had not heard of His exist- ence. This, of course, appears to us a very astonishing answer. We must not, however, conclude that they had never heard the name of the Spirit. Their Old Testament Scriptures would teach them something concerning the Spirit of the Lord. But they had not heard the doctrine of the Spirit as ex- pounded by Jesus Christ. They did not think of Him as the third Person in the Trinity, dwelling within believ- ing hearts, bestowing gifts and graces upon Christians. St. Paul put a further answer to them, which cleared up the difficulty. It was as though he said : “ If you have received Christian baptism, in which there is express and solemn mention of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, how is it that you are not better acquainted with Christian truth ?'' Upon which they explained that they had indeed received baptism, but not Christian baptism. Theirs had been the baptism of John the Baptist, in which there was no mention of the Holy Ghost. That baptism was an outward sign that they abandoned sin, but it said nothing concerning the power by which purity is gained. Instruction was now given to them. They were told that as John prepared the way for Christ, so John's baptism was not final, but a preparation for the baptism of Him of whom John said : “He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire.” (Matt. iii. 11). After which, Christian baptism was administered to them ; they were raised to a higher level of experience ; and they received the Holy Ghost in His wonder-working power. IN THE SYNAGOGUE. St. Paul here, as in other places, did not forget his brethren the Jews. He met them in the synagogue. In his teaching, the two elements which we noticed last week were again prominent, reasoning, and persuading. The “ dis puting,” mentioned in verse 8, is not what is now frequently understood by the word, wrangling, but is “ reasoning,” as it is expressed in the R. V. Here he “spoke boldly for the space of three months.” “We pause for a moment to think of the amount of work of all kinds implied in this shore record. The daily labour as a tent-maker went on as before (chap. xx. 34), probably still in partnership with Aquila and Priscilla. The Sabbaths saw him, evening and morning, in the synagogue preaching, as he had done elsewhere, that Jesus was the Christ, and setting forth the nature of His work, and the laws of His kingdom.” — Plumptre. IN THE SCHOOL OF TYRANNUS. After three months, St. Paul discon- tinued his synagogue addresses. The reason was that many, instead of yield- ing to the truth, became harder and harder. That is the usual effect pro- duced by frequent hearing of the Word when the claims of Christ are, not obeyed. These hardened Jews, more over, spoke slanderously of the Christians. The expression “the Way,” means the disciples of Christ. For other places in which it is thus used, see chapter ix. 2 ; xix._ 23 ; xxii. 4 ; xxiv. 14, 22. The consequence was that St. Paul took the Christian people, and found a new home for them in the lecture-hall of Tyrannus. We know nothing with certainty about this man. Probably he was a teacher of philo- sophy, or rhetoric, or medicine, and a convert to the Christian religion. It is hardly likely that he would have allowed his room to be used had he been an unconverted pagan. The lesson concludes with a notice of the special miracles which God wrought among the Ephesians by the hands of Paul. These were miracles of healing, and as such were a picture or symbol of what the power of God could do for the poor sin- sick souls, of which there were so many in that wealthy and wicked city. 