The Doctor's Stepdaughters [Cci'YEIOIET.] CHAPTER II.- (CoyriNUEB.) By C. Stafford The rain was beating also on the window of the consulting-room," mailing Clinton's dark face turn in that direction for a moment. The doctor, with his hands clasped behind, and swaying from heel to too, ;snd from toe to heel, as he talked, was standing before Clinton, observing, didactically, as he looked up at his friend, "My dear fellow, I own she is a nice child, but she is nothing else yet, in spite of her twenty-one years. Her refusal isn't worth two thoughts. Besides, man, she has a consumptive tendency. I am by !io means sure about her chest, and you don't want a sickly wife—you've had jfouu. share of nursing with your mother. Look at the matter with a ciear. !head, Clinton. She's.a nice girl,but she's mot the safest investment possible as a 'frife." Whatever sort of head Clinton faced she ailair with, he said nothing : he was jiot a man, at any time, given to lengthy explanations. He was a tall man, with a deep, pleasant voice, wlio did not find joo much space in the small room for his large, easy way of moving. lie half let drop and then caught again a stick lie carried, made a sign in the direction of the upper part of the house, and asked, " Will she be at tile Lavingtons' to-night ? " The doctor expressed himself incompetent to give a reliable answer. " All right," said Clinton, putting his long legs in motion towards the door. " You won't come up, and—hum—face out P " said the doctor. " N*>," said Clinton, shortly, as he carried himself out. "Ta-ta, Morris ; glad you've crossed the Rubicon with lier. on your own account. Bad ten minutes, eh ? " The doctor gave an indescribable •sound in reply, Clinton passed out into the street, and the doctor turned into his own premises again. The rain had stopped, and Clinton crossed the road under the arch of a- beautiful rainbow. He looked up at it, and 1 saw four girls at tlie window above also looking up at it. His dark eyes instantly singled* out one face in the group. As if by some electric influence Tina lowered her eyes at that moment, and met the glance, a flash of regretful meaning in it, managing to make itself understood by her. Clinton raised his hat and passed on. Tina turned rosy red. Frances put her lips close to Tina's ear, whispering. " You do care for him." Tina shook her head and turned away. " I want a cup of tea—tea, not tannin, you know; it mustn't stand more than two minutes. I went into the drawingroom, but found oio one there." It was the doctor who was speaking, coming in smiling and dapper. Whatev.ee was his anger when he left Tina, there were no 6 gns of it now, as he perched himself on a sealing-wax red inilking-stool in the neighbourhood of a stand on which •was cake, &c.;, and began to help himself. There was a pretty little scuffle amongst the girls,all wanting to serve him at once. "Light the lamp under the kettle. Where's the teapot P Susan brought up the blue one with the tea ready in it." The doctor sat serene, in the middle of the melee. Tina was tiie only girl who did nothing, though the doctor nodded to her in an exasperatihgly friendly manner. The commotion had raised Jack's Bpirits to such an extent that straightway, if aiiybody else's voice was to be heard, it was necessary that Jack should be submitted to the discipline of having a dark cloth thrown over his cage, and Tina occupied herself with this act of public benevolence. "Are you going •with me to the Lavingtons' to-night, or have I to carry your excuses?" asked the doctor, looking across at her again. „ , "How can IP" she asked, looking shyly roand, "like this?" Tina's habit of violent crying, when the world was not going well, with its subsequent result of change in her appearance, was well known in the household. The doctor looked at lier critically, but chose to view the case favourably, and as no emergency was ever known in which he did not suggest something, he now said, "Possibly a little rose-water, cold bathing, and judicious _powdering might " He did not finish, but raised his eyebrows in good- natured, silent questioning as to what she thought of his recipe. " I should, perhaps, begin crying again if I went." There was a chorus of impatient " Ob's! " from the others:. The doctor felt, from something in the air, that he was not, as he put it, " going to have any trouble with the rest; " and,perhaps, in proportion, experienced all the more anDoyance with the member of his ^iinily who was neither entertained by, ^sor at present entertaining to, any- :>ody." Then I will certainly take care you are not my fellow-guest," he said, sharply, in a tone which brought a reminiscence of the scene downstairs. Tina was tired and unnerved. In the hour which had elapsed between the unexpected conversation in which she had heard that Edmund Clinton proposed to marry her, and that her step-father proposed to marry the one girl in the •whole town with whom she was on strained relations (above all things, so it please you, over some dispute in con- nection with along-past church bazaar), she had cried bitterly—so bitterly that she was perfectly exhausted. Frances, who had been out shopping,had happened to come to Tina's room, and had found her there actively employed in making \- herself ill—and a fright. Fiances, after having had the whole story sobbed out to her, had brought Tina downstairs to have her nerves mended by a cup of strong tea. The doctor, unfortunately, had come before the cure was complete, Tina broke down again, clasping her' small hands tragically, and turning her streaming face towards him,' she asked wildly, " What am I to do ? " The doctor had, as has been observed, a temper somewhere, though it came surprisingly little to the surface. ' It now launched itself before the public for the second timethat day. He took hold of the scarlet . legs of the xuilking-stool as he sat on it, leaning well forward, with his tea-cup, by its "own unaided exertions, maintaining a not very secure balance at tlie end i>f one knee, while he slowly dropped out these words, with a distinctness which seemed to add to their semi-brutality : " That is your affair. You say you are old enough to decide what you won't do, therefore you^ are old enough, I should argue, to make up your mind iii regard to what you will do. Put an advertisement in some paper for a post as governess—that is what I should advise. Some position in some household will turn up for you, no doubt." It was like a bombshell dropped in the place. The doctor's quick ears caught five several gasps, and he himself brought his speech to a close witli a sixth To say the least of it, any apartment in his house would, at that moment, have been a more agreeable spot to him than the one he was now in. Out of the tail of his eye he saw the four girls lie was not immediately addressing interchange a sort of " Can I believe my ears P" glance, and Frances and the Chinee at once proceed to. fold themselves, as it were, round the irritatingly hysterical person to whom he had spoken. If that gimcrack stool under him could at a thought have been turned into a witch's broomstick, the chimney would certainly have been in request as an outlet for an injured step-father. Matters at this point, however, were made a little better by Frances's turning her head round and observing, in a loud whisper: " We none of us are liking it; but if you will let us be, we shall all come round. We will all try to do right."' " She's not ti ying to do right," said the doctor, not able to dispose of his feeling of having been dealt with unjustly at a moment's notice. " Herbertina has shown a miserable amount of lit " " Littleness " was the word his short peroration had been meant to end with, but Frances startled him from finishing it by a shrill " Give over!" finishing her command by, "and be pleasant." The doctor was tickled—so much so, that he involuntarily obeyed by throwing his head back with a hearty laugh— 1 laugh in which his ears told him five iistinct giggles joined. One even from the cause of the disturbance, who, jwing to the other girls stepping back, was revealed with a rather damp hand- Kerchief held to her eyes, while the mouth beneath had a three-cornered smile of fun. " I say, Chinee,"—the doctor changed Lhe subject—"what a smell of paint there is in this room. You've been what you call ' Aspinalling ' something igain." " It is only this," returned that young lady, apologetically, exhibiting an ivorywhite paper-basket, not yet dry from its last coat of Aspinall's enamel. " I tin going to put a rose-coloured silk bag in it, with ivory-white and ro~e-colour strings to draw up, and it will be lovely for the bazaar for the new mission-room an Carrington Bridge." Bazaars, unfortunately, were not just then a safe topic; and, as it occured to the doctor that he might, perhaps, now retire gracefully without the aid of the wisbed-for broomstick, he emptied his tea-cup, looked at his watch, and remarked : " I have to call on another patient before my dinner-party. What do you say to driving with me, Chinee, old lady ? " CHAPTER III.—WANTED, A SITUATION. By the time that the doctor* started for the Lavingtons, Tina, in the bosom of such family as she possessed, was commencing operations in comiecti<?n with advertising for a situation as a governess. The girls had betaken themselves to the drawing-room, by this time, and when the doctor looked in there to say, jauntily, that he was going," it struck Frances that he was carrying out her instructions to be pleasant with painful thoroughness. Tina was seated at a quaint inlaid writing - table, which, somehow, in its severe daintiness of "line,~ seemed to resemble herself. From the garden, after the summer rain, there was positively pouring into the room the fragrance of mignonette, honeysuckle, and the strong spiced scent of early- blooming tobacco-plahts, which Mr. Hanson, the doctor's young assistant, had " gone in for " in a bed immediately beneath the open drawing-room window. When the carriage-wheels of the exasperatingly smiling doctor had trundled up the street out of hearing, Tina foegau in a semi-angular handwriting, very much lying on its back, " 3?or insertion in The Weekly Chronicle," adding the date of the next appearance of the Tory paper in their country town. She commenced proceedings just as she had done more than once when advertising for a qpok or a housemaid to the doctor's household, only in this instance she used a sheet of her very best notepapcr; that much she felt due to herself. After this, with a beautiful caligraphy, the precision of which also offered her some mysterious comfort, she wrote:— RANTED, a Situation as—— She had got so far when Frances looked over her shoulder and arrested her hand. Frances always was incorrigible in the way of interfering. " That's not it," said Frances. " I've been looking it up, and I see that's not the newspaper way of wording it. They have a heading 4 SITUATIONS WANTED,' and then in -the column below ' Governess requires Situation,' so on, and so on. I've been inspecting the advertising sheet of The Christian World" " That was very good of you, Frances," said Tina,; slightly sardonically, rather resenting the excessively prompt and business-like way in which Frances had risen to the occasion,on her—Tina's— acoount. ." Perhaps if you would think instead of look, you would see that I couldn't, -with strict veracity, advertise myself as a governess until I've been one. Could I?" Fiances had a habit of becoming momentarily deaf, when any remark was' made calculated to interrupt the stream, or alter the course of a flow of eloquence which she had started. She went on with immovable countenance behind the ostentatiously spread out Christian World. "Here is one. This is how it reads. Y OUNG French Protestant LADY -(brilliant Musician), certificated, .Hamburg, and speaking- French and English, desires EE-EN- GAGEMENT: • " I " Then comes another: OVEENESS seeks KE-ENGAGEMENT in a Q school. ' English, music/singing, and harmony. " Then there's another: A GOVERNESS in a family, by Yonng Ladj (20). Certificated. English, French, muBic. drawing-,- and needlework. " Then'tliere's—oh, no, I am looking at the .wrong column, somebody wants her— TjlAMILYGOVERNESS WANTED (near Crys- J- ta.1 Palace). Thorough Euglisli, French, and German, Music (Theory), Drawing and Fainting. " That is how it reads," went on Frances, calmly proceeding in a kind of blank-verse rhythm of tone which would have been effective at a penny- reading. A S GOVERNESS. Ten years' experience In High School, EDglieb, French, math,, drill, needle,' .._ " — r " Gracious!" came a voice from a despondent-looking being seated on a hassock, with her kinds clasped round fapv knees, staring sympathetically with the family grey eyes at an equally despondent-looking Tina. " Gracious! you don't need to be such a mountain of accomplishments as all that, do you ? " Bangles'—the dispirited speaker's— Toice was the vox popidiol that meeting The thought expressed by poor Bangles had been occupying everybody concerned. " No governess in this housethat ever we had, I mean—was that kind of person," Bangles added, before relapsing into humiliated silence. Frances lowered the paper so as to show a curling fringe of hair, two straight eyebrows, and a pair of flashing eyes looking over at the low-spirited group. "Ah, there it is," she said, "nobody's to blame; but,you know, we never liad good teaching. When poor mamma died, the doctor was so young that, for appearances' sake, our governesses were nice, elderly, mnch-behindthe-time individuals. The doctor's way. too, of testing their suitability wn? always to ask them to' play something,' don't you recollect ? and v:e know whether he was qualified to judge even of that accomplishment.*' Various smiles flitted over the faces of the ladies of tlie doleful countenances. The doctor had once publicly made a remark which revealed the fact that he had mistaken the air and time of" The Campbells arc Coming" for the tune with which the words of ''Jerusalem, the Golden" are usually linked. " But what do you say to this ? " idded Frances, with a change of tone, md an air of having reserved the best information to th; last, as her face was again obscured behind the paper. W ANTED, a yonng lady as Coinpairon Governess for a little girl. Pleasant bo'ne.— P. AV., The Rosaries, Whitehampton, Herefordshire. The Chinee was the one who took upon herself to answer. She had her "pigtail 1 ' drawn under oue arm, and, with the waving unplaited quarter-of-a-yard at the end, was gently flogging the top rail of a chair, on which she was kneeling with her face towards the back. " If Mrs. Yan Wrexham didn't live next door," she said pitching hi^h her girlish voice, " I should think, perhaps, she had gone to live at the R saries." (Mrs. Yan Wrexham was a person possessed by a perpetually expressed desire not to hurt anybody's feelings.) "It is the sort of thing she would say," finished Chinee, "if she.wanted an upper nurse." Tina's face, which had brightened, lengthened again. If Mrs. Yan Wrexham was altogether sentimental Tina was three-quarters so; the remaining quarter of her composition was practicality itself; but quality, however superfine, has, when opposed to so much quantity, to take a back scat. That tricksy magician, Imagination, had managed, in the second's pause, to call up before the three-quarters' proportion of that vitalised atom of the uuiverse, figuring under the name of Tina West, a vision of Tina West herself, in her best wliitefroek, meandering gracefully in and out of a sort of labyrinth or maze of rosetrees (standards, we may mention), leading by the hand an angelic child. The rose garden, Imagination said, would adjoin the grounds of an ancient nunnery, where in the moonlight Tina might wander (still in her white frock), her hands filled with roses, and her eyes upraised to the moon Tp^csumaljly the little girl had been put to bed), and meet the ghosts of pale nuns, also in white robes, pacing with silent tread the ruined aisles of their old homo The honeysuckle, mignonette, and tobacco-plants had been the faithful henchmen of Imagination here. The strong, pleasant scents had tluown an amount of dreaminess into tlie air which it did the girls some credit to have yielded to so little. Peri'aps the fact that both Frances and Chinee had slightcolds had something to do with their superior behaviour. Chinee's observation appeal:^ so keenly to the remaining quarter of Tina's composition that she experienced a most painful revulsion of feeling. " Even if it was really a governess who was wauled at the Rosaries," she s;iid, with a new sense of enlightenment upon the question of herself, I should never teach well. I never could teach Chinae when I used to try." " Perhaps that was my fault," Chinee consoled her. "No, it wasn't," said Tina; and Chinee knew, in her heart, that the answer was just. '' Do you know, I believe I could teach," broke in Frances, coufid-nti illy. " Whatever I do know, I want .other people to know; and 1 usually manage to make them see things. That's what the doctor calls my ' bothering propensity.' I can't rest without trying to make them see things." " No, you can't," assented everybody, •with not altogether pleasant meaning. "It is a pity you weren't the one to get wrong with Miss Lavington," said iilxcelsior. " What does it matter about that ? " said Frances, with a seeming vagueness which turned out to be only seeming later. '• Housekeeping is my strongest point," observed Tina, humbly, as she still sat at h-r desk, nibbling the end of her penholder, and looking tragically hopeless. Good-night, dear love, God keep thee in Ilia care, C'inton was singing at that moment in the Lavingtons' drawing-room, with this hopeless - looking person in his thoughts. My hands are clasped, my knees arc bowed in prayer, (So they were, figuratively) For thee, dear love. God keep thee in His care. Good-night, dear Icve. To BE CONTINUED 