THR I YSTERY OF KABINA g ONIIIEBKL COArTm I. reI The first time that ay one in FlorenceD heard or saw the name of Donimirskwas t one afternoon in Febmary, 1878, at the house of Mme. de Montrien. A letter and card were handed Madame by a ms punctilious footman who awaited orders like a wax figure. Madame was in her salon sur. rounded by a few intimes-some fascinating th ladies and as many gentlemen to be be fascinated. After glancing at the card Madame toesed it to her cousin, Lucille de Fayette, with the observation, en passant, u "Pretty name, n'est ce pas?"' Then th she opened the letter, which was from a dis- ch taut and distinguished acquaintance in Mos cow. It was a polite letter of introduction be presenting the sisters Katherine and Karina Donimireka, " both musicians of the rarestt attainmente, Mlle. Katherine being as fine a b pianist as her sister is a singer. The writer recommends them to Madame's considerate attention and presents his cordial saluta tions,' etc. "A pair of prodigies-how charming!" exclaimed Madame de Montrisi, after read-a ing the note aloud. "A veritable novelty W for my reception next week. Who brought at the letterF" she asked the footman, who was still waiting. all " A young lady. She is in the reception- me room." " Oh-she calls at once," observed Madame. air " Quite unconventional, but excusable, Isnp- be pose, with artists. Show her tothesalon." gi, The servant withdrew and his return was awaited with some curiosity. After a few of minutes " Mlle. Donimirska" was announced, the portiere was drawn aside and a young Mc girl entered alone and rather timidly. far She had left her hat and mantle in the ante- M room,which proceeding was as quaintly un conventional as the call itself. If she had done this for effect it was certainly well ma planned, for her appearance as she stood be fore the light and bright silk draperies at the door was surprising-in fact, startling. Her gown was black, her hair was black and her bee eyes were black. In contrast to this, the for flesh of her face and hands was white an al fine as a lily. She wore her heavy hair with- coe out curl or wave, parted in the middle and abl drawn loosely over the brow back to the nape fog of the neck, where it was held in a Grecian in coil. Her gown was of satin and fitted to hbr perfection, but was absolutely devoid of iM trimming. Mlle. Douimirska advanced to- us wards the hostess, who arose and greeted yet herin French, which language the girl spoke rea fluently. m "Artists are always most welcome in our fro salon," Madame averred with mnch"gracious- arr After her visitor was seatid, and they had a exchangeda few general and courteous re marks theconversationbecame more personal. ee " Will you appear in Florence pro fessionally?" "Yes. Madame, that is the object of our visit to Italy. My sister is still singing in it's Russia, but I come on in advarce to prepare the way, as it were, for her coming." These wa words were spoked with a pleasant smile and an air of confidence. " Then I infer we see before us the pianiste,"suggeEtel M.de Fayette (".Lncille's o husband," as he was generally designated in i the salon). mi " Yes, Monsieur," she replied, without any din further comment. " Will your sister soon followyoun?" en- , quired Madame, who had quickly seized on to the plan of having this pair of prodigies at ye her reception. " Oh, yes. I expecther in a few days." p11 " If she in any way resembles her sister, p 1 we shall be very happy to make her wel- f come," asserted the hostess cordially. MIle. no Donimireka smiled amusedly on hearing this, I and tben explained kn " In that case Karma's welcome is as- an sured, for.we resemble each other very much. My sieter and I are twins, you know." ) " Oh, indeed, how interesting !" they , allexclaimed. Mme. de lMontrieu was de- a lighted. " You dear child; and to think you are both so gifted, how charming it must be to see and hear you together." " Well, I don't know about that. Karina does sing wonderfully, bhut I only play." au "But how does Mlle. Katherine play? May ti we not have an opportunity of judging ?" again , suguestedM. de Fayette. r "Certainly, if you wish it. What shall I play ?" was the prompt reply, and she im- he mediately went to the piano. t "Do you know the Rhapsody?" asked one complacent dowager in languid, aristocratic O tones. "Yes, Madame, I know several; which Pe one do you wish ?" on "Oh, of courseImean Liszt's. My daughter CC plays it," she answered with a self- satisfied he manner. in "But Liszt has composed fifteen rhap- so sodies." As the Dowager seemed unable to d'i make her request more definite, Mme. de go Fayette spoke up. "Oh, do give us Greig's spring song. Itis si such a favorite of mine, although, of course, it is only a trifle. I heard Plante at his last co concert fairly fling it from his fingers like a or feather." ' so This last sentence was addressed more to ar the room than the pianist, and conveyed the impression that Mime, de Fayette knew cc exactly how the piece should be rendered' th But they soon forgot Plante and everything else. Mlle. Donimirska's playing was eo II beautiful that her listeners were carried ps away. She seemed to be describing rather than performing this idyllic song of spring. q Faint and far away as an evening zephyr are the first tones which glide from the right of hand. They tremble and vibrate like flutter- tI ing leaves-a movement which continues se throughout the first part, while constantly weaving in the most weird and fantastic har- w monies. But this is only an accompani- w ment to the tender, bell-like melody which ic the left hand carries. Whileby no means slow in tempo, there is a yet something languorous and amorona about B this melody, anditis borne upon the accom- os paniment like the perfume of flowers upon a the breeze. The second part is more sombre h; -a rift of clonds across the moon, a touch of al chillness to the atmosphere. But it is soon over, and the mellow brightless again buraste tl forth more glorious than before. The melody E is now nUipermost, and is light and fanciful l as gossamer. The breeze has subsided, there is only a shadowy accompaniment in the left iE hand and everything seems white and still. I The whole piece is ethereal as a vision. I Scarcely had the last tone-wave subsided a when a short, thick-set, square-faced, tinely- z dressed man appeared at theportiere. "Ah!Itisaladv ! Bravo I Bravo I o alwvays applaud the ladies." This was said si with a smile which was supposed to be a gallant. "Boen jour, mesdames and machere a hostess." a He kissed Mine. de Montriou's jewelled I fingers, and all thingsindicated that he was a r familiar guest of this salon. Every one b greeted him smilingly. We hardly dared hope to see Count d'Omar to-day, but you see, blessed are they who expect nothing! " exolaimed his hostess brightly. " But what is this I hear on entering classical music instead of the latest gossip ! i Quite an innovation, to be sure." I " Oh, yes-allow me to present you to to Mile. Denimirka." Mile. Donimirskabowed from her place at the piano. A strange pallor had crossed her Sface when the Count entered, and there oamei Stoherface a lokof l defiance. MI. deFayette observed this and thought it was caused by the Count's first flippant remark, which so glaringly revealed hislack of musical appre tation. "Always happy to meet a musician," af firmed the C;ount as he acknowledged the in e trodution. " Can't you give us something r else, Mmdemoiaell, something gay and lively d -a good, rensing valse P Doyou play any rt dance musi ?" " Oh, yes, Monsieur; I san give you a a dance," and before there was time for another d remark or question she turned to the instrn Y ment end played a prelude of twelve weird 50 and solemn notes like the strokes of 'a bell. m Then she leaned forward with more tension and began to jerk ad naItoh from thepiamo arugeged, rattling ale theme, angular and i - spasno?diin character. " Le diable I What do you call that piece!" v asked the Count, in an aside, of Mine. do u Fayette. b "Your exclamation is apropos," was the p ready response. "It is the tDance of a Death,' by Saint Sa?ns." The Count mentally decided never to start n that girl on another valse. S As a musical descrietion of midnight, h ghostly revelry this "Dance sacabre" has j, probably never been surpaseed. It presents ti a vision of skeletons, demons and ghosts a capering around open graves. The skeleton a1 theme is always finning and chattering h but the ghost dance is gruesome and t stealthy, but never slow, they are all too r hurried-the time is short from 12 to 1. And then you hear them shriek and scream, and a they chase each other around the damp churchyard. Katherine's fingers themselves seemed to be demons racing over a graveyard full of white labeandblackmonumeata. Butfinally the dancers shuffle to their graves, the last e: belatet skeleton hurries to hisplace and the clock strikes 1. a Asidefrom the wonder it aroused Kathe- . rine's playing awakened a strange interest in herself. But there was little opportunity on this oceasion for futher' acquaintance, as she soon ad very abruptly arese to go. in When she touchedMime. de Montieu'a hand at parting that lady said, " By the way, is ma chare, if you have come here profession- st ally it will be well, you know, for you to fa meet some of ourinfluential people; of course the most select of that number you have in already met," and she smiled prettily towards ea her other guests. " But next Wednesday I give a large reception. You may bring your th sister then, and I will introduce you to many of my friends." Thus the clever, social tact of Mine. de no Montrieu construed a tavor desired into a as favor conferred. The Russian girl thanked th Madame "extremely," and after bowing a general adiou retired. "Funny little black thing, isn't she ?" re marked the Count. Cnei rr.n: I1. 3Mme. de Montrieu's salons looked very beautiful when decorated and thrown open for a reception. There were the two grand salons and a small one, the music-room and eoneervatoire, all illuminated with innumer able wax candles and perfumed by countless flowers, and Madame herself looked charming in her Paris gown of pale green velvet, em- i broidered with dainty moss roses. But pt Madame was not happy • It was that last uncomfortable half hour when the rooms are . yet empty, but the hostess must be there di ready to make welcome the unfortunate first qt comer-the hour when the sudden "regrets" Al from the most important guests are liable to he arrive, and above all it is the hour when you ste are just weary enough to imagine all the mishaps which could mar this, your pet re ception of the season. But Madame's un happiness at present was not purely imagin mry-the usual sudden regret had arrived. H "Now, who is it?" she exclaimed, with fit irritation, as she opened the envelope. "If ,u it's the English Embassy I shall be furious !" di Itwas not from the Embassy, but Madame ,eh was nevertheless very much annoyed. ot "It's from that little Russian pianist that is always the way with professionals- co you nevercan count on them n" "What is the matter with her ?" asked ?Ime. de Fayette, who stood before one of the a mirrors readjusting for the sixth time the diamond crescent in her hair. "Oh sick, of coursee They are always 'indisposed' at the last moment." so " But is the sister also ill 1 Did she arrive de yesterday as expected ?" persisted Lucille. m " Yes, the sister is coming," miadame re- , plied more placidly as she read the note. "Her name is Karina, I must not forget it. of Hutwhat do Iwant with one of them ' The novelty was in having twins-twin-prodigies ! I can always find plenty of siegers. Who knows whether this Karina even sings well, and besides there is no telling how she will appear and act-she may be riduculous !" But Mfadame's expostulations were inter- tc rupted by the sound of carriage wheels out- k side and voices in the halls. The reception had commenced. Madame tl was smiling and gracious: everyone was smil- tl ing and gracious. The rooms were soon bril liant and glittering with gorgeous costumes al and many jewels. Mine. de Montrieu was a hostess of admirable tact and quick percep tions. She could take in at a glance the Ji amount of conversational ability at the com- g mand of every group in a room.; She knew m bow to rout or disperse the young men who at happened to be wasting their entertaining talents on each other. It was a stupid per- w son indeed who ever left Mine. de Montrien's bi salon with a consioousness of having ap peared to disadvantage. She always drew d out the best qualities of each verson-a h rreater gift this than many accomplishments. ic It was over an hour since the first guest tl had arrived. The English Embassy had come ia full force; the most distinguished per- e sonages were already there-even Count d'Omar, who was expected late, had arrived, q smiling and decorated with Russian orders. r As Madame was passing her cousin at one es side of the room she murmured hastily: h "Will you believe it, that singer has not ca come yet ! She is evidently planning to arrive late and make a sensation. I know n something will happen to mortify me-things are going too smoothly so far.'" f "Perhaps that is she now," replied her cousin, and Madame went forward to meet a the new arrival. a Iarina Donimirska it was indeed, and v Mmede IMontrieu certainly experienced a sur prise, but not such as she had feared. h Mile. Donimirska entered the room like a fi queen, and looked like one., There was in her bearing no trace of the timidity and lack b of social experience which was observable in g the sister. But in form and feature their re- b semblance was quite marked. "I see lime. do Montrien is not certain whether it is I or my sister," she observed a with an amused smile.. But a society woman c never reveals much surprise. I "\\-o. I think I should have known youen 1 apart, although thelikencss is very striking. But, you see, I find it dillicult to greet you as a one whom I meet for the frsttime. It seems as if I know you well," and Madame verified her words by clasping Kanna's hand cordi- c ally. . .. "Then, Madame, I have reason to very I thankful for the resemblance I bear to Katherine." Karinma bowed as gracetully as t she spoke. Mine. de Montrieu's welcome was genuine; indeed any hostess;might be proud of Karina Donimirska as she appeared that afternoon. Her costume was superb. It was of white satin, not cream white, but a snowy, daz zling white, and this was richly embroidered I with gold. But the great effect and beauty i of the costume was its trimming of Russian I sable, a broad band of which outlined train and also the low-cut bodice. The dark fur I S against her splendid white shoulders formed 1 a striking contrast. Her hair was darn like I Katherine's, but was dreesed more elabo Srately, being drawn high ani held in place Sby a gold dagger. Her eyes were also dark, but somewhat concealed by dainty gold eye Sglasses. which did not wobble or lean to one ( ide, but stood erect and firm on her well s shaped nose. She wore no jewel, excepoting one single pearl ring of immense size. \- Such was the creature towards whom Mine. Sde Montrien had so recently harbored un generous sentiments. No wonder she was o surprised and almost disconcerted at the first sight. But her manner was now gracious t cnes itself. r "And your sister, is she very ill? I ao e regret her absence." a "Ye, Madamn I must confees that only a y severe indisposon could have induced o Katherine to forego the privilege you have so kindly extended to us. I would not have left her, but she insisted on my coming." \- " I am very glad of this," replied Madame, \- honestly; "it would have been too bad to g lose both of you." y After a few further polite inquiries about y Mlle. Katherine, the hostess summoned the nearest standing cavalier and presented him. a This hanpened to be Count d'Omar;, who cr had been observing the new beauty ever s- since her entrance. iI "lbut I believe we needno introduction-is 1\. it notthe charming pianist whom Ihad the i honor of hearing last week!" 5o Ha felt somewhat relieved when inftorm ed d9 his mistake, for in paint 'of fact the " esharming pianist." had nf attracted him, whereas this gorgeous ereatu?e commanded unqgtlified admiration, and it was nratifying to lea n that he need not undo any first im preesions in order to now pay his devoted attentions. And devoted he certainly was fromothe first moment to' the last of their intercourse. Whether Mile..Donlmirska was pleased with his attention- or not it was difficult to judge, but certain it is that she permitted them, even to the chagrin of other admirers who were apparently more desir able and suitablrthantheCount. Some may have wondered, but none understood why the square-faced, small-eyed, more than middle-aged and dissipated Conmt was fav ored by such a beautiful and brilliant woman as arma Donimirska. When she sangall hearts were captivated. Some voices omake you think of things grand and noble, like cathedrals and historic cas ties, others call up visions of the dainty and exquisite, like jewels and flowers, but this voice made you think pre-eminently and always of a bird. The epality was light and sweetand high, and her art was so perfect that every note came with-bewildering ems, "Patti might well envy you," exclaimed the Count with more fervor than understad inr. As an artist, Mile Donai?rska could oar tainly take the highest rank-scales, arpeggi, staeatti and trills were allrendered with equal facili'. " here did you study? Who was yor master ?' inquirea Mime. do- Montrien, in eostacies. "My father, Madame, taught us every. "He mast he a wonderfulmusician." " "He was, Madame, but we have no father now." There was aring of bitterness as well as grief in her tones, but Madame- only heard the words:. (To' BE COrTmuED.) 