Let Us Forget. [Af tei a lecture on ' Memory ,V recently de livered in San Francisoo, in which the speaker suggested the possibility and advisability of forgetting unpleHsttjit events in our liveE, a \--lady -present in the audience requested the loan of a lead pencil and in a few minutes had written the fcllowine beautiful lines] : ? Let us forget The memories that bind us fast .To our mistake?, outgrown and past : The trust betrayed, the tarnished name, The look.of scorn, the blush of shame, Let us forget. Let us forget That once we strove for selfish gain, Regardless of another's pain : The vain remorse, the sense of loss, The burden of our self -made cross, Let us forget. , . Let us forget . The slights, the stings, the anguished tears That marked the paths of bygone years : The bitter cup, the wild despair, The one dark hour which none might share, : iiet us lorgeo. Let us forget All but the love, the grace, the light That bore us to our present height ; AncThaunting ghosts of grief and care The guise of angel hosts shall wear. Let us forget. On reading these verses the Worker suggested to a well-known contributor to this journal and the Bulletin the necessity for a brother poem to the above, advising the workers not to too readily forget the wrongs of their class. P. Luftig has fulfilled our request in an admirable manner by composing the following : Let Us Remember Each tear that fell^ajjeerless pearl, Each gracious head, each golden curl. Each childish prayer that vainly sped— ' Give us this day our daily bread !' -Each cry fur helpHihat-earae-m-vftin ? . — To hands that wore the toilers' chain. Let us remember ! _ Let us remember How many a hapless slave_must toil To deck a prince in purple spoil ; How maiden'* blush and manhood's prime, Youth's spring and age's autumn time, How manly form and boBom bold Are blighted bv the Curse of Gold— - ? Let us remember ! Let us remember? Tho' proud our Social Temple rise And point its spires to yonder skies, The massive walls it proudly rears Cemented stand with blood and tears ; ^ts^tately- piliairrtowering high In graves of toilers rooted lie— Let us remember ! Let us remember ! Can we forget our brothers pains, Our brother's pangs, his prison chains ? \- Can we forget dear Freedom's foe, Forget the nand that laid bur low ? Forgive the loul assassin blow ? , Poeoet? FobowbV I tell thee, No ! . i .. ? We shall- remmbBjf. .?, Iiwrro. 