SPORTING. By ' Mascotte.' No reliable market has yet been formed in connection with either the Newmarket Handicap or Australian Cup, and, beyond the usual doubles, business during the week has been at a standstill in Melbourne. A move, however, was made on Monday in con nection with Wild Rose, which may or may n't have some significance. A commission was quietly 'worked for tho daughter of Newminster-Primrose, and in a subdued ami unostentatious manner the Cuulfield niaro was backed for a good round sum at 20 to 1. No big amounts were asked for, the com missioner being content with a few hundreds from each layer, but tho business had a genuine ring about it, and unless something elso comes into the market Wild Rose will stand at a point or two less than the price quoted abovo. A Flemington tout says : — ' W. Cushin has been an early bird for the past week, and ho has got Ravens wing in tho very pink of condition, and whatever company she races amongst she will take no end of beat ing. Mucklebar is fast getting into trim again, and Sardinia looks much better than when he arrived hero a few weeks back. The other morning Mucklebar carried too many guns for Sardinius over a five furlongs journey on the sand.' Jack Peppard, who trained the hurdle racer, Quilp, has taken the stables formerly occupied by Mug gridge, in Melbourne, and has tho hunter, Rufus, and the Chester geld ing, Aldershot, in hand. The Sportsman says ' that the well known jnckey, R. Ramnge, who rode Carbine when he won the Melbourne Cup amongst other races, is anxious to obtain an engagement.' Such an artist as ' Bob' should not be long out of employment. Pauline, the winner of the Hobart Cup, is a shade over 14.2. No less than 1G1E horses started in England last season that never suc ceeded in winning a single race. Chrjs Moore rode a magnificent race on Mr Wallace's Paisana in the Gee long Sires Produce Stakes, and the filly's victory was entirely owing to his generalship.' Lochiel's son Strowan continues his winning career in New Zealand, the Middle Park Plate, at the C.J.C. meeting, being his latest success ; and nt the same meeting Mr D. O'Brien carried off the Midsummer Handicap with Flori'ie's brother, Launceston. Creed, tho trainer of the racehorse Tom Bourke, who is by Sunrise, is appealing to the Victorian Racing Club against the decision of the Ben digo Jockey Club disqualifying him as a horse trainer and rider for two years. W. Bruce and H. Trurable will sail for England by tho Orient liner ' Ophir,' which will leave Melbourne, on the 4th of March. Both players aro anxious to visit Scotland before they settle down to work as members of the Australian Eleven, hence their departure a fortnight before the rest or cue team. G. Lohmann, the Surrey profes sional cricketer, who is not as well as his many admirers could wish, has been ordered to South Africa, and he is now there with Maurice Reed as a companion. The expenses of the pair will be defrayed by thn Surrey County C.C. 'Tis sincerely to be hoped that the change will put tho Surreyite right again King Olaf, after his unsuccessful effort in the S.T.C. Anniversary Handicap, has departed for his northern homo. Had he not gone Inmn he would have about landed that event, but as it was he finished fourth. We (Sportsman) are informed by a well known bookmaker that it is pro posed to collect subscriptions for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to Robert Sevior, the well-known Fleming ton trainer, who was recently disquali fied, us he considers, unjustly over the Islander case at Caulfield. 'Sterling,' a well-known sporting writer fancies Beverly for the New market Handicnp and Camoola for the Australian Cup. It is stated that Mr J. B. Clark has requested tho V.R.C. committee to ask tho handicapper to explain how ho camft to allot Warpaint 8st lib in the Newmarket Handicap. ' Freelance ' writes : — I hear great reports of Walter Higinbotham's horse Anlams, whoso Newmarket ilnnclicnp prospects nre immensely fancied by the Flemington touts, some of whom have gone so far as to aver that tho six-furlong race is a certainty for tho son of Sir Mod red, who never theless is still quoted nt n, compara tively outside price in the betting quo tations. If through a miraclo Antieus, after his injury, has been got back to his best form, 8st 81b should not trouble him in a Newmarket Handi cap, as tho Sir Modred colt, like all the stock, was unquestionably endowed with a brilliant burst of speed. [For tho sake of tho owner, Mr C. M. Lloyd, who is one of tho few 18-carat sportsmen we have, I would like to see Antn;us win the big sprint rneo]1 From a gontleman residing in Beech worth I (' Freelance ') have received tho following: — 'I am sorry to in form you that Mr James Sutherland. the breeder of Glonloth, has just suffered a heavy loss in tho death of Glendon, a two-year-old colt, full brothor to the above. This colt was a very handsome and most promising animal, and tho very greatest sympathy exists throughout tho north-eastern district for Mr Sutherland, who is a truly genuine sportsman and an excel lent neighbor.' ' Terlinga' writes : — ' Tho many friends of Mr ITurtlo Fisher will be glitd to hear that lie was in Melbourne last wt-ok, and Mr W. C. Yuille, with whom he dined on Sunday, tells mo ho never saw tlio popular 'rose and black' sportsman looking better. Mr Fisher was only down for a fow days on busi ess, and has returned to Queensland.' i '? Augur's Ghost' in the Narandera Argus says : — 'Mr D. O'Shea's old favorite Gracio has dropped a fine filly foal to Glenmarkie. She ought to bo a lady, every inch of her.' Relative to the non-inclusion of Dr Barrett in the Eighth Australian Eleven, ' Felix ' in the Australasian says:— 'When the names came out tho ono great blot was at once per ceived, viz., the rejection of J. E. Barrett. Everybody talked about it, everybody wondered at it. In 1890 he went to England for the first time, nnd under disheartening surroundings of defeat after defeat ho finished second on the batting list (Murdoch alone headed him) with the fine average of 22-51 — aggregate, 1,305 for G4 innings, seven times not out. In Wisden's account of the tour, Barrelt is thus referred to : - ' Dr. Barre't — a left-hunded player — is an extremely careful batsman, whose olow scot ing is not redeemed, from the spectators' point of view, by any gruce or ele gance of style, but he possesses great confidence, and a defence that nothing can tire out. In the early part of the trip the slow wickets caused him a lot of truuble, but after a timo he to some extent surmounted their difficulties, while, when the grounds were in good order, ho proved, in match after match, invaluable to his side. Particularly would we commend his not-out in nings in the England match, at Lord's. On that occasion he went in first and took out his bat -a feat never before accomplished in a match between Eng land and Australia — and it would be difficult to say too much in praise of his efforts. As will be seen, he did many other good things for his side, but it was the innings against Eng land which mainly established his fame. Whatever he may do in the future, ho was emphatically one of the chief successes of the Australian tour of 1890.' Blackham's opinion of Bruce:— ' There is no man I would sooner have on my side. He plays winning and losing games alike with the same splen did heart, always ready to go any where and do anything — a model amongst cricketers.' Novice, by Fisherman from Illu mination, who so unexpectedly beat Dreadrought for the A.J.C. Epsom Handicap in 1889, died a few days ago in Sydney. Word comes from India that Myall King hns broken down badly. A hackney stallion named Danegelt, 14 years old, recently changed hands in England for 5000 guineas, which is the highest price ever paid in the old country for a horse other than thoroughbred. At Flemington Portsea has been doing good sound three-quarter pace work on the sand, and is looking big and fresh on it. Glenloth and Mal volio, who also look well, are doing good work. 