THE EVERLASTING GHOST. A Phantom That has Made Little Progress In Thousand of years. V'We are asked'tb believe in ghosts be cause in every age there have been ghost •tones. But wonW it not bo more nat ural to supposo that in every n^o tho lra man mind has been stibject to aberra tions, and that fome specific weakness or irregularity of the mental constitution or of tho physical organ, the brain, on which all thinking, so far as we aro aware, de pends, has probably given rise to this particular class of hallucinations? We cannot pretend as yet to know the mind thoroughly in health and disease, but this we do know, that there aro thou sands and millionsof persons whoso lives are never intruded on by ghosts and ■who know absolutely nothing of "occult" phenomena. According to a reverend gentleman's figures, only one woman in twelve and one man in ten has had any "occult" experiences. Kow. what w« should like very much to have would bu a further analysis of theso figures show ing the percentage of flighty or other -wise ill balanced minds among tho "oc cult" and tho "nbnoccult" (if we may so apply the words) classes respectively. Our own esperienoo would lead us to believe ■ that the proportion would be vastly larger in the former class than in the latter. Who has not known many examples of the tremnlon?, nervous, hy . persensitive, wonder loving, hysterical or semihysterical type of constitution Among, the devotees of ghost tore?. And If such examples occur, as wo believe they must, to the rabid or every one, is it not at least a probable fcfercnes that 1 "occultism" in its vsrions ptmws hits) something to do with that fcrnd of mind? The ghost may be very enricat. but we do not believe in him the more. The trouble about him is thr.t ho hts mndo no progress sinco tho earliest times. In fact, on the ■whole, he has fallen back. We should not ba disposed to talk of the "levitation" of Elijah ourselves had not the Rev. Mr. Haweis used the term be fcre us. But if, following tho reverend gentleman's lead, wo consider the proph •fi alleged translation in that light, lurely it was n most, successful feat in "levitation," and a little ahead of any thing the modern world can show. ■; ~ And, speaking generally, tha appari tions and visions and other spiritual or occult phenomena of ancient times had more "body" to them than those of our own day. If therefore the ghost has made no progress in the course of three or four thousand years, if ho is just aa tminstructive and inconsequent a phe nomenon now as he was when ■we first encountered him, if not a little more bo, ire may perhaps bo pardoned for think ing that he may bo safely and fairly ig nored by peoplo who have--an average •mount of business to attend to.—Pop ular Science Monthly. : 