BONNY KATHLEEN OR. THE MOONLIGHT MARRIAGE. CHAPTER 1. "Whoa, January ! Here's the post office at last, thank goodness, and now \-- Hey, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Tucker! Mis-ter Tuck-er-r-r r ! I thought I’d manage to make you hear after a bit. S»y, Mr. Tucker, is there anything for us, this evening ? Any love-letters for Mil or Het or Miss Arabella? She’s been dying for one ever since Noah jilted her —the day before he launched the ark poor thing, so' if anybody that wants to huy-aJtjeautiful first century set of ruins has made a bid for her, please hand it out, won’t you ?—and. help the - dear old creature *o slide 60* the. 1 waiting stool’ before she goes all to pieces like the won derful one-horsoshay 1’ ” - " Eh 1 What ? Why, bless my soul' if . it isn’t Miss Kathie!” exclaimed the old postmaster, os, startled by this outburst-, he. loaned over the counter audglaUqing through the open doorway of what was.at once the post-office and principal grocery —dry- goods—hardware—and millinery store of Deep-haven, beheld, drawn up before the low wooden . platform which led to it—-a rickety-looking did dog cart,attaohed to a rickety-looking old horse driven by the sweetest loveliest little atom of humanity that ever wore a bat ter edsan-bonnet and a tattered ging ham frock. In age, she could not have been a day \- more than sixteen—and if you hadn’t seen anything more of her than het sparkling, witching, lovely little face, you’d have been ready to swear that she wasn’t over eight ; for,, that face had it in all the velvety softness, alt the dimpled fairness and all the rosy . loveliness of a lovely, rosy child. Her eyes were the big, innocent, blue wonder eyes of a baby ; her nose was the sauciest, most bewitching little tip- tilted nose imaginable; her month the loveliest, laughing, cherry-lipped "pearl casket” * that ever invited a kiss, and her hair—— Ah, such hair! If you can imagine gleams of sunlight caught and spun into crinkling, burling, glinting threads of gold and massed into a cascade of yellow ripples, you will come closer to imagining , what Kathleen Clayton’s hair was like than I can ever tell you. From the chin upward she looked like an angel; but, from the chin downward ‘ —well, that was quite a different story, for I fully believe that no human being over had to introduce such a disrepu table looking heroine as I am . obliged to in troduce to-day. Her gown of checked pink-and-white gingham—bright enough in color to betray the fact that it hadn’t been washed and "done up” more than twice since the day it was spick-span new—was one ma& of black smudges and disgrace ful rents and tears; her braided, white raarseilles sun-bonnet had one string torn off, the top and sides freely ornamented with dirty smears interspersed with large and frequent patches of "grass stain” and from its - nicely-pleated brim, clear back to its beautifully-braided brown, there were, ridges and creases which lent to it an appearphce stronglysuggestive of • & hal£closed| eppcertma..';. .. (V ’ * "/Xfy $ars, jMiss ICatbie,, but you are in- a dreadful state and no mistake !” went 1 on bid'Mr. Tucker, the postmaster, as he " fcobk her in ” from , head to foot. " Law now ! for a minister’s darter you’re a sight to behold. Whatever’ll your pa say when he secs you 1 And And - them there. stylish step- swfera ' o’ yoarn? Goodness gracious me'I whatever have you been at; to get in that there awful state, you terrible little limb ?” " Only bf-cti up an apple- tree—that’s all!” laughed Kathleen gayly. "You see, Mr, Tucker, I’m following out .papVs rule. ‘ He says that we must ‘ walk in the straight path, anil live- and leirn.’ Well, I’ve done both, - I’ve walked a< straight a path as anyone ever saw- this afternoon, and as for the mt of if, I’ve lived and I’ve it’s a heap sight earner for a girl to get up an apple tree than it is for her to get down again. - Look at me tor an example—•I’m all rags and ribbons and apple-gum, and if the way of the transgressor is os hard as daddy tells the congregation it iv; TI| bet you any thing you like; that I’ll have the colie before morning and have it dreadfully. You see, I’ve' eaten seventeen apples in the first place, Mr Tucker, and in the second, 1 , 7iook«d’.’em from the trees at Thetford Towers.” "Thetford Towers!” exclaimed, or rather* gasped old Mr Tucker, in a tone of absolute horror. “ Great ginger I Miss Katbte, you ain’t never be>n there!-—to the Htinted house—an’ come back alive?” " Well, I don’t look astbough I’d come bock dead, do I ?” retorted Kathleon,. with a sniff of mild disdain. " Haunted, indeed! Sp’s your grandmother ! Why, Bye- been through every room in it from the attic to the cellar this afternoon, and I didn’t see buy signs of a ghost, and that old yam about the shrieks that are heard there at night and tho woman who gobs prowling around the house with her head under her arm (instead of -wearing it on her shoulders as any sensible woman would), well, that’s all humbug, and the big many , that got it up. ought lo be carted pver to the mill-pond and thrown’in;” \- :** I'don’t, know so much about that,” protested Mr Tucker,-wagging his head from side to aide. "Folks whose word ain’t to be do a bled,.has seen mighty queer sights and hobra tpighty queer sounds there Mis Kathie, and I■ would’at go a nigh the place was it ever so fine ? How come you to do it? ’Tain’fc in your path coming here, and ym must a went a good two mile outer your way fcoget there, Whatever put such a crazy .rution as.that into that wild head o’ yourh ?*’ " Oh, Sister Doris, she said she wished that she had some russet apples, and ovo haven’t a russet-apple-tree, on the *flrfcole place,” returned Kathleen, tionohal -aarty, “and ns I’d walk to the North I'Pde for Dorry—bless her—it just . occurred to. me to drive ovOr to the 'rTpwers and see if there were any ruisot • apples there,” " Law sake®, wlut a crazy, ids >.!' Why, russet apple.) ain't ripe yet—'tain’t time, Miss , •• X know that, but I didn’t think, of it then. ;But I found a tree just loaded -flown with the .loveliest summer apples ;you ever saw, and that’s what kept-me ‘■so late,. J guesf it must bo four' or five Tioun sines., Hot spat roe down hero to .‘g'-t the raisins Oiid citron for her company fahe, aud Misa Arabella ordered me to inquire, for her mafl; Her’ indeed I Boor thing! I’m afraid, the Judgment Bay will.come around before anything in the male line ever, belongs to her. u But goodness gracious me, Mr. Tucker;'do hurry, up and see if there ah «ny letters, won’t you 1 for I roust gel bock or Het’ll be madder than hops. We’re expecting a whole lot of company to-fight. Cousin Dick and three or foui Of his college chums are coming up to spend the last month of their vacation at Deephaveri, and Hi t’ll be ready to hurst tf that cake isn’t made in time. And say, Mr. Tucker—Mis ter Tuoker-r r Cracky ! what makes you rush away before a body has done talking? T want three pounds and a half of granul ited two pounds of raisins, arid a quarter of a pound of candied citron for Hefc; a yard ,in d'a half of white ruohin-j, a box of h ur-pins and a pair of corset lacos for Mil; three two-cent stamps for papi aod seven yards of narrow * baby-blue ’ ribbon, a powder-puff, a roll of white cotton-batting and te»r cents* worth - of drop-chalk for Miss Arabella. Quick as you can, please, for I’m in a dreadful hurry!” “No lettersl” bawled put the post master, as he concluded his search among the bundles of mail matter. “ Now then, sxy the rest of that over ag’in, Miss Kathie, and say it slow—one thing at a time, you know, my dear—and I’ll fill the o-der.quick’s I kin.” This injunction Kathleen obeyed ; the parcels were put up one after the other and duly deposited under the seat of the dog cart,' and finally, just as the sun was dropping out of sight behind the distant hills, Kathie brought the vehicle • about and drove rapidly homeward through-the glowing, gorgeous light. The Doephaven “ parsonage ” lay a good three miles removed from the Deep haven post-office (and was, to be strictly accurate), nothing more pretentious than a oozy, vine-wreathed, old-fashioned farm house with some five acres of land surrounding it), so Kathie was, perforce, obliged to drive fast in order to reach it before twilight began to fall. “My ! but sha’n’t I catch it, though, and won’t Het be boiling?* she said to herself as she drove along. “And Mil too? And Miss Arabella, and ‘Cold Gravy Eyes?’ Oh, she’ll be just hopping!” Co'd Gravy Byes !” Not a nice sobri quet that, it mast ho admitted, and I regret to be obliged, to state that by this reprehensible mode of expression Miss Kathleen Clayton alluded to her step mother, who, some ten years prior to the opening of this story, had cons-nted to take a second plunge into the sea of matrimony and bestow her hand (together with the support of her two half- grown daughters) upon the' Reverend Elisha Olayton. The Reverend Elish was at that period somewhat similiarly blessed, being a widower whose first wife had departed tin's life and left him the sole protector of a beautiful, grave, sorrowful-eyed girl of twenty-two (Doris) and a wee little tot of six yt-ars (Kathleen) who, as everybody said, “ needed a mother to care for her, instead of relying upon that solemn, silent, forlorn-looking Doris, who was enough to give a body the blues just to look at her,” So, the Reverend Elisha, who, for six or eight months had been so persistently wooed by Miss Arabella Hatfield—a tender maiden of thirty-two hard winters —that ho was mortally afraid she would marry ] him in spite of himself, had, in a spirit • f ! self-defence, married Miss Arabella's I younger'sifter, Mrs Selina Trevaoion, and installed her and her two daughters, Mil dred and Hettin, in his own horn*. But as Miss Arabella—sweet, helpless, little love—protested that she had, “ never, .never lived apart, from Selina, since dear, ran died and left me to her care,” it fell out that she had to be 'taken into the family too. But not as a dependent, be jt under stood ;:fqr Miss Arabella’s intellect was not si) bright as it had been in her youth, and when “dedrma” did di?, she hid I thoughtfully left all that she possessed in the world—some ten or twelve thousand dollars—to her spinster- daughter, and thereby enabled her to “pay her own way” and not be depmde «t upon the charity of her sister, whs was at that time married to a ram of fine family connec tions, but was himself possessed of but I average "means. - | All this bad; as has been said, happened ten years pn6r to the date of this story, but it had not-happened in Dmphaven— which was, perhaps, just as wall; for, when one night, during the period of his ) service as pastor of the little church at! Tagley Junction, the Revei end Eliah i had i feelingly said, “ this night is freighted with ead and sorrowful memories to me, my dear brethem and sisters, lor it is the j eleventh anniversary of the mght when the ‘wife of my youth o itered into ever lasting peace!” there w.ia a sensation of the profoandeat kind, for- Kath leen. still lacked some months of being' ten years old, and in spite of all the Reverend Elisha’s at tempts to cover up the blunder and ex plain away the discrepancy, people began to talk; and to avoid a scandal, be re signed his pulpit and left Tagloy Junction forever. \- Bat time had caused all that talk to die out and l>) forgotten (Kathleen, by the way, had never heard a w-»rd of it), and when, just eighteen months prior to this afternoon of which lam writing, the Reverend Elisha accepted a coll to Beep haven, he came as a stranger and woo his way into the hearts of all bis little flock, and won it—not by reason of his wife’s fine commotions or the rich aunts in New York who sometimes visited the Misses Trevanion and sometimes sent for Mil dred ond Hetty to yia'tthem in fetum but by his own pure and lovable charaoter, his goodness to the sick, h's charity to the poor and above all, his mercy to the erring, though their sins be black as night. ; But it is with Kathleen, not her father, we have to deal with at presen % ray reader, so, to Kathleen -let ns now return. The scarlet, sunset splendor kept fading as she drove along—trying her very best to urge the poor old nag into something at least suggestive of speed, but after his first spurt when ho dashed away from the village post-office and down the village street to the quiet, leafy loveliness of the road which led to the parsonage, his strength or his spirit gave out, and do what she would, Kathie couldn’t urge him into anything faster than a jog trot, w Ob, I see! You Vo conspiringto get me in a row with Hot and Sill and Gold- Gravy Byes 1 "'exclaimed she, with a sigh of mild—very “Well, go ahead with.lt then—l don’t care- a fig ; for. it’s plain that I’m in for it anyhow ; so, I may os wall be killed for a sheep as a lamb. Only there will be Old Nid to pay if Cousin Dick brings all that mob to the parsonageat supper- time and not a crumb of .o-cko in the bouse. Hot’ll have fo.'ty oat fits, because, don’t you know j that lardy-dardy thing she and Mil met in Now York last winter is coming along with'the party, and he's dreadfully fond of raisin cake. Let’s see, what’s his name now? I’ve hoard it talked over between them sc much that I never thought I:could foraet i*, if I—oh yes’! —Ghetwyod—that’s it, of. course. Sweet little Mr. Gordon Chetwynd ! Well, he’s looming with the rest, and Sf there is no cake for the dear little pet, I suppose he’ll wither right away and leave nothing be hind him bat a yellow bang and a heap of curl pipers.. . “ Bat, oh, goodness mo l tint isn’t the worst of it. There's Miss Arabella with her lovely new, organdie dress and not a speck of cotton-bit ing or blue ribbon un til 1 get home. Oh, cracky ! she’ll be so wild, that she’ll either swallow her false teeth or grow desperate and go down stairs without filling herself out to make her clothes fit. And Mil I Oh, Mil will be ready to kill mo, because she can’t go downstairs imbU I get home, no matter if it’s ten o’clock. She hasn’t a single cor set-lace 1-ft, poor thing and . much of her tint she ouldn’t possibly get into any one of her new drosses with-, out lacing herself to death, even if Mr. Chat.wynd sent up word for her to come down-stairs and be proprosed to. Ami it—— Oh, Jemima 1 What’s that? It, sounded for ell the world like somebody groaning!” .. It was “ somebody, groaning,” .and as she glanced in the direction of the soand, Kathie became, a ware of that fdct; for, there under the alder bushes beside the road, lay the figure of a young min—-the very handsomest young man she had ever seen, Kathie found time to remark even then—and if, in spite of the doleful sound which escaped his dark-moustached lips; his eyes twinkled as though he rather enjoyed the adventure, C trust that no body will b® mean enough to suspect that he had overheard what Miss Kathleen Clayton had been saying. “ Oh 1” exclaimed she as she discovered his presence and instantly reined in her! horse. “ Oh, good gracious ine I have you hurt yourself, you f oor thing ?” j “ I’ve sprained my ankle, I think,” he I answered, “ and if you’ve time to waste upon a stranger, I’dbVmiro thin obliged if you’d bo kind enough to take me to some quiet place where I could c lay ,up for repairs ’ and be taken care of for a few days!” “.Goodness I” exclaimed Kathie, os she thrust the whip into the leathern socket, and wound the reins about it. “ I’m sure I don’t know where you could find a nice quiet place in this town, certainly not at our house ; for we expect no end" of peo ple there this evening; and even if we didn’t, Miss Arabella would be so fear fully attentive to you that you’d be out of your mind before your poor ankle got well. The only * nice quiet place ’ I know of hereabouts is the haunted house—Thet ford Towers—and I’m mighty sure you would’nt like to go there.” “ Why not?” “ Why, because io’s nothing but an empty house, and there’s nobody there to taka care of you, A fine place that would be for a sick man, and no mistake. Why, you’d starve to death, if you didn’t die for want of medical attendance.” “ I don’t think that my injury is apt to result fatally, and as for starving/ you wouldn’t seo a man parish fob .want of food, would you ?” “ Why, of course I wouldn’t. I’m a minister’s daughter!” returned Kathie, with a comical assumption of importance. “ Gracious sakes I I wouldn’t see a pappy dog want for foid, I hope; but when it comes to the rest of it—“ “ The rest of the puppy do,j ?”—quizzi cally. ♦ * “No, of course not—the rest of what you were saying. When it comes to that I don’t knpw whatl am to Jo; for, as X said before, there isn’t a nice quiet place in the whole village, unless ” “Unless, as you also said before, it is the haunted house. Wei I, .take ine there, then, if you will bi so kind. I’m not the least bit afraid of ghosts or hobgoblins ;,j and if you’ll only be good enough to see that Id Wo starve in the meantime, I really think that a few days in What-you may-call-era Towers will do mo no end of good, So if you’ll just be so kind ns to I help ms into that rattle trap rig of yours, I and drive niaover to the haunted hou-ic, j I’ll .be your debtor all the rest of ray life. Come, now, play the Good Samaritan, won’t you ? and assist a suffering fellow creature to a refuge in Thingamy Towers, and to the happiness of depending upon a minister’s daughter to save him from ab solute starvation.” CHAPTER If. It was characteristic of Miss Kithie ti do things first, and think about them afterwards—as you have, perhaps, already discovered—and she never counted the probable coat of a step until she had taken it, nor stopped to consider “ what people would say,” until after, the affair was over and done with. So, following out this na’ural chanc teristic of hers, she jumped diwn from har s°at as possible, aid as sisted the handsome young stranger to climb into the dog cart—a feat which he accomplished with remarkable ease, for a man whose ankle was so .badly sprained that he w« obliged to lie by the road side and wait for somebody to come to bis assistance. \- “ There you are,” said Kathie as soon as he was comfortably established in the vehicle. “Shall I throw your traps in, too? I suppose you don’t intend to l*av •. them hero ?’’ “ My traps ?” in surprise. Then as Kathie held up an elaborately carved meerschaum cigar holder (which 1 contained the still-smoking fragment of a half Consum 'd cigar), a chased silver match-box, and a paper-covered edition of the last society novel, “Ob, yes, thank you,” he added, hastily, and with a ner vous glance at the two cigar butts, and the beautiful sprinkling of t >bacco ashes, which lay about the spot where ho bad been reclining. “Very much-obliged, I’m sure. They roust have tumbled out of my pocket when 1 fell. Just hand them to me, if you would be so kind.. Thank you-; — n deftly removing the still smoking cigar from the holder, and dropping it over the opposite side of the vehicle into the road. “Em* so k'nl of’ you, I’m sure, and now we’ll bo off to the haunted house, j-isfc as soon as .you. like, Miss, or—” “ Clayton," supplied Kathie, as she climbed in and gathered up the reins. “My nemo is Kathleen (o*k, c’k 1 g’lang there, January) Clayton.” “Thanks, so kind of you,” returned the stranger, with an amused twinkle in his fine dark eyes. “ 1 assure you that lam delighted to make the acquaintance of Miss Kathleen—O’k, o’k—G’lang there, January—Clayton, I am, indeed 1” “ Great Scott 1” responded Kathie,with a laugh, and a lovely rise of color, as she turned and looked at him. “ I hope you don’t think I’m named oil that? Why, His only the two ends of that belong to me, you goosie. I was speaking to the horse in the middle.” ; ’ “ Heavens I' Is that where ho lias his ears ?’’—quizzically-—“ amazing t' “Oh, bo You know what I moan just as well as I da l” retorted Kathie, gayly, “In the middle of my name I was spmkiag to the horse and nothing bat the two ends of it belong to me.” “ Why, that’s queer ! Then 1 suppose you have to borrow - his .body from some one else whenever yon desire to take .your two ends of him out for a . drive, don’t you?” “Oh, stop your teasing I” . returned 'J&atirie;, with a laugh—and another enchanting blush as she encountered the glance of his fun-filled eyes. “My name is Kathleon-Olayton, and if you make any more fun ofit, I’ll drive you right over to the parsonage and • place you in Mias Arabella’s charge, and then won’t you have a time of it!” “As how ?” Because you’re her *■ ideal ’—every man is, that she se L -s her eyes Upon —and it she sa’wyou, she’d have you- under' her Cupid in no time.” . “Her Oupid? Why ‘hers,’ in par ticular f . “ Because she. bought it, of course. It’s a.wax one, you know, that swings on a ribbon,‘from the parlor ceiling, and you neyer discover that there’s a dried-up sprig of misletoe in its hand until Miss Arabella getsiyou under it, and tells you that ‘you’re a shocking, artful, horrid naan-to play such a trick upon a thought le>B girl, and she has half a mind to rebel. But then, iu’a the custom, of coarse, and ifishe must reconcile herself to it, why, she. must, she supposes, so—there !” Then she pii(s\Up her cheek; and, just when you’re - tjianking your lucky stars that youVe getting off at that, sheglv'sadear I little giggle, switches aroUud and makes you kiss her right smack in the- mouth. And, oh, goodness gracious me, such a month, it’s between forty and fifty years old, and she’s had it refurnished by the best dentist iri-NewYork.” At this remarkable statement, the stranger threw back his head and laughed until he.shook, then, overcoming his risi bilities returned to the subject-of Miss Arabella, and by artfully- planned queries, drew Kathie into a discussion of the I family in general, with the result that long before Thetford Towers was reached, he knew all About Cousin Dick’s expected visit, the number of college chums that wore coming with him, and the exact amount of picnics, straw-rides, and “ candy- pulls ” which the Misses Trevanion had arranged for their amusement. | f* And, oh !” concluded Kathie, “ won’t there be a time of it, between Mil and Hot' and Miss Arabella! They’ll try theirbest to crowd her out, you know, but she won’t be crowded out if there’s a man about the house, and. when there’s half a dozen of ’em' Cracky, she’ll go fairly frantic and that Cupid will have a j regular love feast, Mr. Mr. ” “ Tubbs I” supplied the stranger with the utmost composure. My name is—er —Mr. Pygmalion Tubbs— ‘ Piggy Tubbs ’ for short. Rather a nice name, don’t you think?” “ Lands! No I” blurted Kathleen with awful candor. “ Why I think it’s horrid ! Mister Piggy Tubbs !’ Gracious me ! it’s the awfullesb name I ever "'heard. I tliink your folks must have been crazy when they had you christened. Ob, you poor thing! you’ll never get anybody to marry you with that name—unless it j might be Miss Arabella, and I don’t know but what even she might shed a tear over the idea of becoming Mrs. Piggy Tubbs. Oh, you either have to change your name or die an old bachelor —that’s certain.” “ I don’t see why. * What’s in a name ?’ as Shakespeare says. Surely, fate won’t doom me to go through the world alone just because of mine? Somo girl might fall in love with me, you know !” ' - “ Yos'X suppose fclrit ’some, girl might —because you’re nob ‘so -'awfully bad looking you know— “ Thanks Loh thanks!” “ But I don’t believe she’d marry you fur all that J list think what a'a awful thing it would be to have to sit down and wri’eyoua love letter and begin with ‘Dear Pijrgy’ or ‘ Piggy Darling’ or w ite * Precious Piggy, I received your sweet letter, and 1 now take up ray pen “ Her Piggy, pen of course ! Yes, it would be rjther hard on a sensitive girl, wouldn’t it? Her friends would be con tinually twitting her about ‘saving h<‘r bacon’ and ‘the wind being in (he sott’ west’ and it * not'being bogs-aolly the thing she ought to do’ a«ul all that; and if by any chance she fell to longing For; her husband to get. home, somebody would be sure to advise her to write him a not> with a ‘ pork-you-pino ’ quill,” “Or allude to him as her ‘spare rib,’” dropped in Kathi* demurely, as she 1 -anod over the dash-board and gave tho horso a whack over his. * “ Crackey, Mr. Piggy Tubbs! A girl would have to love' you hml enough to oat you before she could ever marry you, with such an out- 1 hndish name as that! I know I wouldn’t, 1 for one.” “Wouldn’t what? Bit me or marry me, Misi Kathie? which?” “ Both !” she answered, with more emphasis than grammar. “ Gracious ! I never could stand being known as ‘ Kathleen Tubbs,* if I never got married, and as to being called ‘ Mrs. Piggy ’ Oh, dnr me! if we haven’t reached the gate of Thetford Towers already ! Why, I didn’t think we were half way there, did you?” “ Considering, the fact that I was never, hero before, I certainly did nob,” he answered, with a grin. “ Why, we’ve made ‘ the run ’ in loss than no time, for I’m sure that it can’t possibly bo later than Stop a minute till I strike a match and see by my watch just how long—l mean, how short-—a time we have boos on the way!” “ Strike a match !’’ If 'you will believe me, that was positively the very first moment that even-’so,,- much ns suspected it Was growing dar& But now, asdbo glanced around her, she awoke to flip' fiot tbit night had really overtakeiv.h'nr ) tho sky’s primrose glow bad changed to dark violet, and overhead a lulf. tnoon sailed in a field of ,glittering stars. • “ Oh, cracky!” she gasped, with a string emphasis' on the final word. “ Why, it’s night, Mr. Tubbs, and they’ll be rinsing O.d ifrod at horn’, because X hav.-n’c got back. I wish you could raanagV to got Up to tho Towers alone (it’s a straight path, and so dreadfully narrow you can .touch the trees on both sides), because it’ll take mo ten of fifteen minutes to drive up there and back, and I truly must get homo or I’ll catch it like sixty,” . ’ “ Why, of course I can manage to gob up to the Towers alone,” ha answered— although somewhat half-heartedly, I must confess. “ X can execute that part of the programme well enough, provided you sMoktb yonr part of it and take care that I dpn’t.starvo.” “ Why, of course X will I’ll bo hero to-morrow morning with your breakfast at half-past six and then——” “ No, ho !—don’t-—I bog of you don’t 1 The fict is, I—l never eat but one meal 1 a day, and that always in the evening. So, if you’ll come to-morrow night about [ half-past, six, instead, I’ll be on the look out for you and wonderfully glad to have you come/’ “ Very well* then, I’ll : do.just as you say, but don’t blame .mo if you grow hungry before X——Why, goodness gracious me!, How much better your ank|o must -be, Mr. Tubbs 1 you got put of the wagon as easy as anything, didn’t you? Ob, I’m ever so glad to see yoU, so much better. Well, good-night! I must go now,” u Good-night I” ho answered, as he leaned against the rose-orowned gateway and waved his hand to her. “ Good-night, and the brightest of dreams, Miss Kathie •—little sprite and little fairy that you are!” But the conclusion of the sentence Kathie didn’t hear; for, while he was still speaking, she nodded and smiled “good-night” to him and drove away under the faint white lustre of the youog August moon. “■Well, this is an adventure and no mistake!” he laughed as the dog-cart’ and its fair young driver vanished from sight and left him standing under the ruined arch of the rose-crowned gateway. “So that’s Dick Delavan’s little Cousin Kath leen, is it ? Upon my-word she’s the love liest little atom of humanity I ever saw. Such eyes, such a complexion and such hair. And she actually believed every word I said—believed that I had sprained ray .ankle and that my name was really Piggy Tubbs. By Jove, what a lark! I’ve a good mind to' keep it up - just for the joke of the. thing—until Dick and hts friends r?ally do come, and then enjoy the laugh it will occasion. “ Evidently, she hasn’t heard of the change in Dick’s plans as yet, and as I have a whole week to wait before * the fun begins,’ it’ll keep me from having the blues in the meantime. I dare say I can manage to find some out-of-the-way farm house where X can put up for a few days ; and in the evenings little Miss Kathie will come here to administer to the wants of her patient and. never suspect that he doesn’t remain in the ruins the whole blessed time. What a lark it will bo to play sick man, and bo nursed by that charming little witch, and ye gods ? what a rumpus the ‘governor’ would raise if he beard of it; to say nothing of Rosamond Ford’s feelings if she were to learn that for seven whole days I bad devoted myself to the exclusive society of a little country lass, with the eyes of a baby, a laugh like music and a face like a flower. “ Oh, well, ohe’ll not hear of it, of course—she’s too many leagues away for that; and, besides ” —as he toys with a tiny heart of diamonds which hangs from his watch-chain, and at the same time re gards ft with a rather gloomy look— “ besides, she knows what the end will be, anyhow, knows that I cannot break the bond without being kicked into the streets like and left to starve. And I suppose I should starve if it ever came to that point; for I’ve been reared like one of the lilies of the field, and I'm just about as useful. “ I know no trad;*, no profession, no anything that a man ought to be taught, I could not even turn artist—as the dis inherited heirs invariably do in books— for I couldn’t draw a broomstick if I tried, and I know no more of painting than I. do of the man in the moon. I suppose it was part of the ‘governor’s’ scheme to make me thoroughly helpless and wholly so as that when the time came to unfold his pleasant little plan to me, I’d be unable to kick over the traces. “ Ab,^well r whether it was or was not. his plan, the .fact remains. I’m as useless as that stdmpyonder, and am expected to have as little personal feeling,, as little to say regarding what slia’l or shall not be' done with' rue, or which particular one shall wind itself about mo to the exclusion of all tho.rest._ Oh, well, wlmtVthe good' of grumbling? I can’t alter the state of affairs, aud that’s the end of it, so I may as well Lake the goods the go Is provide, and bo th rb T and for , the gift. No one fool would throw away a million of nWiey for no earthly reason, and, beside i __ 71 He stops; for, through the faint, warm darkness of the summer night (hero comes back to Ivm the sound of Kathie’s voice lifted in sang—a popular number from a popular comic opera—aud leaning forward ho listens, with a smile on Ins lips, and a queer yearning expression in his dark eyes. “ * Do you know what makes the world go round And keeps it in commotion ? Do you know what turns the River of Life To a wild and raging ocean? ’Tis love! ’tis love ! ’tis love ! Love, love, love, the god of ov’ry na tion ! Love, love, 1 >ve, the monarch of crea tion ! Love, love, love, that levels ev’ry sta tion ! Nothing in the world’s so great As love, love, love !” And long after her voice had ceased to roll down the leafy aisles and nothing is about him but the summer night’s still ness, the scent of the roses and the white lustre of the moonlight, he stands there— with that yearning look in his eyes—re peating in a wistful voice : “ ‘Nothing in tho world’s so great As love, love, love !” (to db continued.) 