A GHOST STORY EXPLAINEID. A GHosT story, With its explanation, is told by Mr. Stephen Aveling in Scribner for April, when writing about t~he old Restoration House at lfoches ter, in which Charles II. slept on his journey to London in May, 1660. Mr. Aveling says :-' I came into posses sion of this old mansion in December, 1875, and on April 27, 1876, slept in it for the first time. At 10 o'clock. on that night my family retired to' rest; having some letters to write,, I sat up later. At a quarter to 12 I was startled by a loud noise-a sort of rumbling sound which ap peared to proceed from the hall. I left my writing and went to the hall, and found that the noise proceeded: from the staircase, but I could see..' nothing unusual.' The explanation is then given:-' In the previous morning I. had gone through the house examining the pipes and taps of :: water and gas supply; one old main water-tap I turned on, but neglected': to turn it off again. About a quarter', df a mile from the house is a brewery:l (alluded to by Dickens), and the: owner of this house was formerly the owner of the brewery also, and for many years the house was supplied with water from it. Under the stair case was a large tank, and this was filled each night when the pumping" in the.brewery took place. The tank and brewery supply had ceased to be . used, but the tank remained full of: water, and the pipes communicating with it full of air. At a quarter: to 12 on the night in ques. tion thoe brewery pump was set to work, anjd. my turning on the connect ing tap having putt the brewery and house;again in, communication, the mon?ont .the pump began to work the'. air in the pipes, was driven from the broierye nd into the tank, and being forced into the water, bubbled up to: tlhe 'surface, causing a most extraordi nary rumbling, rolling, sort of noise. Every now and thnou the water and air escaped to the surface, making a sound. which resembloed "hush." There were no carpets on the stairs, and the house : was not completely furnished-this assisted the noise and the revorbera-' tion. What did I see, when I lookedl. in the chasm, which alarmed me ? A; 1 man's face-which must have been a!: reflection of my own, the candle brilii liantly lighting it up and produch~i'nga Pepper's ghost.' 