Column. Wagner as a Boy. — Wilhelm Richard Wagner was born at Leipzig, MGrcll 22. 1813. When he was nine, he went to school, where he was the despair of the teacher who in structed him in music ; lie paid no attention to his practising, but seized every opporlu nity of repeating the melodies that lie had heard, especially those of " Dcr Freiscliutz," which had already kindled his powerful im agination. Ancient history, mythology, Greek and Latin were his favorite studies, but his heart was really in none of these, for be had a secret aitn that absorbed ail his thoughts and feelings — he was a poet I In his eleventh year he won a prize for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after he translated the first twelve books of the Odyssey. lie taught himself English, and immediately became so absorbed in Shake speare tbat be decided to write a tsogedy. For two long years he toiled, and during this period he contrived to kill off forty-two people in his drama. lie was forced to re lent, however, and to recall them as ghosts in the last net in order to hnve performers enough to play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where he had been living, and entered a school at Lcipsig, but be had so neglected his studies for musical composi tion, that be was put back a class ; this so discouraged him that ho gave himself en tirely to his tragedy. When he had nearly finished it he first heard Beethoven's music. This hod so 9trong an influence over him that he determined to set liis tragedy to music, and purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task. So fascinated did lie become with the study, that he de termined to be a poet no longer, but that music should have the devotion of his life. When his family learned of the tragedy, thoy were much troubled, for tbey felt it was the cause of his backwardness at school ; but when they found him to be writing music, thoy were in despair, for they believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, and that it might do the boy great harm. He was not to be discouraged, however, and composed in secret. But at last he was placed under the instruction of Theodore Weinlig, a man steeped in the spirit of " Father Ilach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-Dwellers of Japan.— Young people who live in Australia may fancy that our cities are crowded, and that many families must live without very much air to breathe or space for the boys to play in. What would tbey say to the boat-dwcl- lets of Japan? In tbat crowded country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend to some un usual business. In every bay along tbe coast are found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These are small, flat-bot tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as bouses arc in other parts of tho world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven years of age. I am told that, notwith standing their aptness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boatevergoes to another's aid, nor will any boatman save nny other from drowning, because as hesays, it is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children of thrco years old will sometimes Bwiru like little fish, and if one is backward in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and tensed and tormented until be is obliged to learn tbe art in self defence. Ab I it is in reading and learningabout the people of other lands that we find bow much wc tiavc to Iovcand-bc tbankfnl for in the 1 broad free life of our own. Hut even here there are children wlio would be better for such frequent baths, and perhaps you would have great difficulty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that .of the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country- An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo- — 1 bad singled out as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and tbe most .magnificent mane that lias ever come under my notice. I determined to have that head, and to carry it East with me ns a trophy. To single the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such a horse as mine. The remainder of the herd thun dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east went my wounded buffalo, witli me a good second, sending a pill into his side whenever he swerved enaugh to give mc a chance at bis heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter Jiis cranium tbat he was flying in a direct line from his friends, and he wheeled about and charged me, his mngnifioent head cocked sidewise, ready to to3s my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from bis mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of bis course and landed me with bis off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to bis knees, snapping the bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to tbe ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some what shaken up, but my eyes were wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, bis hoofs rattling on the hard prairie like the bones of the end man in a mmstrel show. His hot breath came full in my mouth and nostrils ; one of his horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his hind hoof grazed my temple. lie was as glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seasbose in a dandified coat to . amn who is not properly unsexed. An Old War-Horse-— The Rev. J. G. Wood, tbe well-known English writer on natural history, relates tbe following true story in his recent book on tbe horse : " Some years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to bis widow all bis property, including an old and staid horse. It so happened that there was a review in the. neighborhood, and the old lady, who was stone-deaf, drove.over to see it. During tbe manoeuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as tbey did so the trumpeter blew on bis instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not hear. The horse, however, heard and understood the trumpet call. Old as he was, ha sprang off at f u 11 speed, galloped into the ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy. The sigaal to charge was then given, and off went the horse with his comrades. The old lady Bhrieked, and dragged at the reins to no purpose. Where the regi ment went the horse went ; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged he charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughout tbe whole of the manoeuvres. "After the review was over the officers crowded round tho old horse, who evidently had belonged to the cavalry, and offered a vory high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of him. The offers, however, were refused." The world is so oold, lova (I really oan't stay), Unless one has gold, love (I must get away). My heart is all thine, dear (Oh t won't there be strife) I And yonrs shall be mine, dear (Oh, Lord ; Here's my wife t) " A font ib a baptismal basin in pbnrch, isn't it, father ?" asked young Sharpshins. " Yes," returned the old gentleman, shoitly. " Then why is a set of printers', type oalled a font ?' enquired young S. ' Because so many authors gam a nam through it," 