COUNTRY NEWS [FROM OUR OWN OOBBiSrOKDBKM.] DEVONPORT. The chief item of interest at the present time is the waterworks construction. About 70 men are employed laying pipes for the reticulation of the town, but this only provides for the mains. How the water is to be carried to the boundaries of properties, or how the householders are to connect is a question in the distant future. The Town Board in its wisdom has decided to let the contractor finish the contract first The pipe-laying, so far as he is concerned, will be finished in about five weeks from the present, after which the turbines and pumping machinery have to be carted and fixed at the head works ; then a period of maintenance must transpire before the whole works are handed over to the Town Board, so when the water will actually be delivered to the houses is a question that perhaps Madame Steen would be able to tell us. Up to the present no arrangement has been made for any connecting or service pipes, and no fees have been supplied to the mains. Unless something is done immediately another summer will be passed before the water will be laid on, and all the time interest accumulating, and no revenue accruing. Still we must not blame the Town Board, for they are very busy framing a scheme of by-laws to punish refractory ratepayers who allow geese to stray on the public streets, and also naughty boys who black their faces, and play ghost of winter evenings. I am very much afraid that it will be said of them like the Pharisees of old, they tithe mint and cummin," and neglect the weightier matters of the town. Now that the new tea and sugar duties have been rescinded, perfect calm reigns in our township. We are quite willing that both income and land tax should be passed, and rigidly enforced. Of the former we have none, whilst the latter is mortgaged in most cases up to the hilt. Yes at Devonport we would make any sacrifice (i.e., so long as it does not touch our pockets) to uphold the dignity and good name of Tasmania. The low price of store stock at the various auction sales in the district is very noticeable. Yesterday dry cows were sold down as low as 15s., whilst cows from the celebrated Pardoe reserves only realised (just calved) £4 10s. It is a remarkable fact that ever since the duty has been in force on cattle and sheep they have been sold lower than for some years previously.] August 24 