KLELBOUBNE IIETTEK, COMJIENTS OP A MELBOPBNIAX. (PROlI OVB OWN COBBESPONDBNT"). The Speight and Syme libel action will shortly be on the tapis. Meanwhile au adroit game of fence goes on between plaintiff and defendant, the " Age " being subjected as a preliminary to periodical guerilla attacks by the legal scouts of the ex-railway Iking, who is endeavoring to spy out the enemies lositioa before coming to close quarters. Having nade application to the oourt that defendant should supply the names of those members of Parliament alleged to have exercised undue influence, also the names of those stations and sidings which were unhceessarily constructed, a list was put in, giving the fames of 69 M 'sP.. and a sheet comprising nearly 111 the stations, in the province. At this rate an fpen air investigation into the case will be necessary, ifo Melbourne court house will be large enough to pold these hosts of testifiers and their woris. Apropos to the political ideals of the stump orator and his confiding clientele, it is argued that the extention of State Socialism in matters industrial to prodnctive in addition to distributive labors would prove the abacadabra whereby the world is to be " ^generated.' ' We have seen how the Post Office and ail way employees chafe nn !er the rule of their reective departmehtal heads. Hardiy a week passes Dt some deputation- or other from the Civil Servioe ranch approaches the Minister to complain of an | aMeged grievance under which the unfortunate C -ni^ims are said to be groaning. To substitute far y^Se.by the whole people that of a bureaucratic R jOligfiJchy, would probably produce a similar senpSt^en to that 0'. the fish who jumped from the £ry- Klngpan into tbi fire, The panacea for poverty and jgnyividual di'^atisfactaon with surrounding con- |4rWions is nut procurable by restricting the powers l^jjiyfre individual, but rather in their extension. Msptikt asjt would be impolite to judge of the value |v«f a whole house by theinspection of asolitary brick, so wnuld it be unfair to characterize the Trades Hall people scathingly because their Secretary Bennet surreptctiously indited an obsequious application for the position of successor to Humphries" billet on We 11:1(1 I ' « W T ^ understood thitlabor loaders and their officials despised such Mny considerations as cash when ita acceptance c-irnc into conflict with what they term their prin- \- Ut S0Cmi t,lat a£t<:r aI1 " "nionfat is outii^ °-X mcrce » ar y motives not only inside, but 1 B e p ^ t ; t e t d - ^ ^ " if Mr " ^ fcfii' Sh,n,ng h ° Utaad -cmpj'to bis •in-bardftimesttejesojirce- oftte JodalAudof |>rey Are severely ^taxed. ^Without sttie^viable 1 sang teidofAhe4ibnj^yilra^l^ whose te£deifl independent of commercial ? crises,«wfcile %ankB and railway Btationsiesf* aaafe oniheir'premises, it is< drfficultior ^he confidencefampire *b "jcealise'-an In-" come ^when public confidence sjf-all-isorts- 3s ®on- exjBtent. The otherday, however, an opemngobcurred. J Under the newBegistrabonof-Fjnns^ct^t'iias been; decreed ithat all persons trading .under the: .name of acompanyfihouldregisterthenamesofthosepersons comprjEingthe samej^withintliepresentmonth, under, a penal^yiofS65. , "Several degraded andivxdnals had; sthe -iudai^t^-and -acumen? to: profess ^themselves as representing the Grovernment, and having canvassed city and suburban tradesmen, filled np forms and; collected the fees, -thesmomesiAave rfiot yet been; enteredto the Treasmysaecount, .^Siich 1 conduct..iss inost disgraceful and unbecoming, and wholesale prosecutions are openly talked of. A novel form of advertising -is to -.be- seen In a leading Collins-street dupery .-establishment. The front window is occupied by a sno w scene, the floor representing heavy accumulations of drift, while heavily falling snow is artificially rendered by pendant silk threads, along which At regular intervals' are attached various sized balls of stuff in lmmation of snowflabes. On the, gronnd lies a large mirror bearing the legend, ".-We have -some remarkably fine samples of winter goods within ; come and inspect 'em." Thus does art.Iendits aid to 1 the mercenary cravings of the.iat nun I behind the counter, who' 'chuckles inordinately whenever? the customers burst' into p^negyrlics • concerning: the wondrous bit of realism facing the street. " *, There were some fioode in Queensland . recently^ and how in Maitland (N.S.W) there 6eems to have, been some more. Commenting thereon, the *' Age " reporter sapiently observed ; «'A sineular incident was the wisshiog of *. cow into t he local theatre,' and another on to a balcony.'' Pooh 4 that's nothing. When we had our Hoods, one of the show spectacles down Prahran way for several hours was the rieid and unolothed body of a late, citizen .iying feet uppermost on top of a gal vanized iron roof. When he was pulled down by, the hair he came- .down with a run, and the rescuers fled in terror^ " Singular incident," indeed." 1 While Sydney is "'able to support half-a-dozen shows, at which the ghost puts in his weekly appearance with gratifying regularity, the Princess in Melbourne alone has been able to keep the dust oS its seats. :I<ast "week, however, Frank Clark opened the Opera House under the new name of the Alhambra with a picked variety company, and reduced the dress circle prioes from 3s. to 3s. ; tbe gallery charges from Is. to 6d., in a moment of enthusiastic prescience. Tbe result justified his anticipations, and from being a hou«e which for the last two years ruined almost every entrepreneur who ventured to hang up his hat on the premises, it lias now become a thing of joy to all concerned. Despite', our extreme fastidiousnessinthe matter of drink sales inside onr music halls, we are keenly susceptible to the artistic delights derivable from the steady contemplation of a pair of matured female legs, but we hardly yet approached the British public's standard and the song and dance of Maud St. John, entitled " Boom de djodum,"ha5 to be seen to be appreciated, while Miss Pauline, the ravishing little music hall contralto, knock 'em nightly in the Old World stalls with a hair raising somersault in billowy skirts. 