INSIDE NEWGATE, | BY JAMBS aSEESWOOB, TUB AMMEUH CASUAL. Author of" The Amateur Cngnnf," " Under a Cloud," " A Little Rngnmulfin." '■ liiok Temple," " Almost Lost," " Reuben Duvi'djicr," " Humphrey Dyot," " Wilds of London," 11 In Strango t.'ompsnv," *• Unsentimental Journoye," *' Low Life Deeps," '• Silas the Conjuror," "Jerry JncKsmith, of Lower London," "Tag, Rug, and Co.," " Fuir Phyllis of Lavender i Whiuf," fcc., &o.; " j W'HE gaol at Newgate, regarded merely as w«v a place of rate keeping for evildoers on whom the law has laid a repressive hand, is one of the most interesting of prisons. It was tho lion of its kind in the old times; but of late years it is shorn of its claws, and has attained a degreo of tameness that in Captain Machcath'e time, would have been deemed impossible. The spiked wicket is no longer kept by a fierce gaolor, surly as a mastiff at the mouth of hie kennel, but by an affable official, respectful and civil as a well bred footman. My cicerone was an elderly and experi enced warder, and by way possibly of mak ing known to me the fact that if I had gained admittance under false pretences and witheinister intentions I should fifld that I had made a serious mistake, he led the way to an aparLment and openad a cupboard, where the fetters, were kept—a bright shin ing row of the modern pattern, with a few examples of the anoient " darbies," such as, I suppose, were used at a time when the art Of breaking out as well as getting into Now gate was a branch of the " professional's " education—monstrous things, some of them —and he unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, and they weighed at least a quarter of a hundredweight, and the leg irons to match were even more massive. In the same receptacle, and evidently preserved as precious mementoes of the past, wero tho anvil and hammer with which at the last moment Uie cruel blacksmith struck off the galling encumbrance, together with several ether interesting relics of the good old time. Tho irons, I was informed', were seldom or never used now, except when prisoners wero in course of removal from one prison to another. I came on many other things that used to be the pride ana glory of Newgate, but which liad been abandoned tinco tho renowned criminal stronghold had mended its manners. I saw, too, the black bole— half-a-dozen black holes indeed—but no one ib ever placed in them. Another Newgate institution, observed from time immemorial, is now obsolete—tho condemned sermon. I ascertained this from my conductor as we Stood in the prison chapel. As of old, to the left and to the rignt there are epapes in which the criminal congregation is accommodated, railed off from tbo rest of the sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron atout enough to secure the most ferocious creatures of prey ever exhibited at a menagerie, and there too was the doomed one's chair (I always understood that he sat in a pew), a stiff and straigbtbacked black cbair which, when occupied, was placed apart from any other seat and in fair view of the parson in the pulpit. But ho now participates in the sermon in common with the rest, and is never specially preached at. Bat if there is no condemned sermon, Newgate is still faithful to ite condemned cell Except for its terriblo associations and for the fact that hundreds of miserable wretches have eat at that table and lain on that bedstead, counting the rapid hours that seemed so hungrily anxious to eat up their dwindling remnant of existence, there is nothing dreadful about the condemned cell. It ie abouttheeieeof an ordinary underground back-kitchen, and about as well-lighted. There is a little ehelf, on which repose tho dying man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, and his Bible, unnecessarily brands " Newgate " on the leaves. There is a very small deal table and a littlo form, and these lost-mentioned articles of furniture, as well as the floor boards, are scrubbed white, and the vaulted ceiling is white, and the walls. There is many a cell in which a poor man with bis family is condemned to live and pay several shillings a week for, in the shape of rent, that is not nearly so desirable a place of abode as regards cleanliness and good ventilation. There is do fireplace, and the gas jet burns in a little wire cage, presum ably to prevent frantic persons from attempt ing suicide by burning. I asked whether the condemned, ns a rule, gave much trouble; the warder answered unhesitatingly, " No ! There were excep tions, of course; but generally, after they got over the first fright, they settled down wonderfully calm, and remained so until the last," which is evideuco that it is in human nature to dread death itself less than the torture of the " cat." It is in the experi ence of every prison official I ever talked with on the subject that a ruffian, being uncertain as to the morning when he is to have, as he himself would say, "claws for breakfast," is in the habit of lying night after night in a sweat of terror lest to-morrow should be the doleful day. But there is one feature of Newgate's interior,a recollection of which will probably abide in the memory of tbo man who sete eyes on it, long after all else connected with the grim prison ie forgotten—the murderers' burying- ground. When one reads that " the body of the malefactor wae the same afternoon buried within the precincts of the gaol," the natural inferenoe is that there is a graveyard, that there is a spot, at the rear of the chapel very likely, set apart for the interment of those who are sacrificed to the law's just vengeanoe, and that, though the unhallowed hillocks are devoid of head or footstone, there is a registry kept, by wbioh the authorities can tell whose disgraced remains they cover. This, however, is by no means the system adopted. The goido, nnlooking a door, discovers a narrow paved alley, between two very tall, rou^h-hewn walls, which are adorned with whitewash. They alley is, perhaps, five and-tweuty yards long, and not so wide but that two men joining bands could easily touch the sides of it, and at the end there is a grated gate. "This," remarks the civil warder, "is where wo bury 'em," and you naturally con clude that he alludes to a space beyond the gate, and .that he is about to traverse the alley, and open it. Instead of this, barely has he stepped over the threshold than ho points to tne letter " S," dimly visible on the wall's surfaoe, " And," says he, " Slit wizen, who was hanged for murdering his wife and burning her body," and beforo your breath, suspended by the BtartWg announcement, is restored to you, bo lays hie forefinger on another letter a few inohes off, "Ketohcalf, who cut the throat of his fellow-servant t Brambleby, who split his father's skull with a garden spade) Green acre, who mur dered Hannah Brown and afterwards out up her body," and so as he keeps shift ing, barely a foot at a time along the whitened wall, he goes on adding to the horrible list, while the ghastly fact dawns on you that every letter denotes a body out down from the gallows, and that the pavo ment you are walking on is bedded in the remains of who shall say how many male and female murderers J We are compara tively moderate in modern times in the use of the hempen oord as a remedy against man-slaying, but it was only a generation' back, when business was exceedingly brisk in that line | a hanging was looked for in the 014 Bailey on a Mo-May almost as much as a matter of coutse as the cattle-market in Smitbfield on Friday. Then, as now, the dreadful little lane between the high walla was the only place of sepulchre for those who passed out to death through the Debtor's door. The very paving stones bear witness to the many times they have been roughly foroed hp by unskilled bands tbab a hole may be dug for the reoeption of the poor coffined wretobee who wear quiokllme for a- shroud. There is not a whole paving-stone in the math of t.bo alley, an J they are patched •«T cobbled and mended with dab* <• aortar fn tho moat unhandsome way. "A very largo number must have h* buried hero at one time and another, I remarked. " Jllcs* you, yes, eir," roplic llio Newgate wnnlcr of lorn? service, "yo can't half seo tho loiters. Tliey nood to be all over the other wall a* well, hut, being whitenod every year, tho letters at Inst pot filled up." It was not a pleasant idon, and I believe that the cracked and unstable condition of the paving stonos suggested it, but ft cauio into my mind ns 1 scanned tho walls and mado out scores and scores of ancient letters, showing ghost-like through the obliterating whitewash, what a hideous crowd it would make if those to whom tho initial applied could all in a moment be recalled to life. The narrow alley would not hold them all. There would ensue such a ferocious crushing and striving for escnpo that there would be murder done over again and such work for the hangman that be would bo striking for extra pay. 