| ; NOTES FROM AMERICA. A religious lecturer told' an audience in Oklahama that if a man had suffi cient faith he might pick- up a rattle snake and the' reptile could not bite him. Instead of accepting the state ment ou trust, one man went out and put the matter to the test, with the result that the creature bib liim and lie died. An American: paper which tells this story remarks, " The fools are not all dead yet, but one of; tliem is."". : . The defeat, sur toute.la ligne, of Mrs Parker Deacon has given unqualified satisfaction to - all the matrons of the States. The lady herself is quite over whelmed bv" lier misfortune, for she had confidently hoped that the de cision would be in her favour, and openly asserted that it would assuredly be so. Of cou rse, now she feels that such social' position in' Paris as erst was hers is in a- more- than precarious condition, and that ' the ghost of Abeille is closing all the salon Moors- in her face. " The experience of an American Western woman, as related by herself is so nai'vely pub, that I cannot resist the temptation of belling it to you She says : — " You know how . plain everything is in those little Western towns. My entire lire betore JL went abroad had been ori the most primitive lines, and I may really say that, until I arrived in London, my only know ledge of the outside world was derived from books. However, I made up my mind that my only safety was perfect frankness and no pretence of any kind so I got on very well. We stopped a short time in London, and were at once asked to dine by various members of the Government. We made . our .first appearance au Lord ; 's. Now, to tell the truth, this was the very first dinner-party I had ever attended, and, as I was particularly anxious nob to commit any solecism, I went to the wife of an American Minister and frankly told her that I had not the least i idea of the social etiquette of a dinner, begging her to enlighten my ignorance. She was very kind, and told me every thing she thought would bo' useful, winding up her nice advice in the sweetest way by saying : " Only be quite vourself, dear Mrs — and you are sure to be a success." So I wont to my dinner, feeling that I was armed cap-a-pie for all emergencies. Lord took' me in, putting me, as the guest of honor, on his right ; and as he was most kind and simple, I soon felt completely at my ease. One of the courses was white-bait, which I had never seen or heard of, and as the ; dish was passed to me first, I helped myself very gingerly to two or three of the little fish. " Let me help you more liberally," said Lord ; " this is one of our national dishes, I might say, and I am sure you will learn to appreciate white-bait," and' he there upon put a goodly quantity upon my plate, which I proceeded to eat with some delicious rolls of thinly-cut brown bread and butter, carefully /tliAnntnrr rfr f.liA lirtn rlo (i uef liAwownn WAS. KUW iiu . » W » i. , and making a little pile of them on my plate. When 1 had finished, I happened to look around, and saw several people gazing at my little heap of fish-heads with suppressed smiles, and I suddenly realised that I should have eaten them whole, just as if they were fried potatoes. This struck me as very odd. "Do tbey- always eat fish's heads in England ?" I asked my host, rather pettishly, and then, in spite of "myself, and led on by a funny twinkle in his eyes; I burst into laughter at the sight of my neatly- arranged pile of ghastly little remains — merriment in which lie, after a moment's effort to look grave, heartily joined. In the matter of what used to be I nnllnrl <1AAAmTNllC>1l IMAII fo " MllfllAIlf. which it was at one time thought no lady's education was complete, the New York girl, says a writer in the " San Francisco Argonaut," is found wanting. " Outside her ability to talk well, she has no accomplishments. This is so singularly apparent in New York women that, when one does meet a girl in Gotham who can play on the piano, or sing, or paint, one immedi ately asks what part of the country she comes from, knowing that she cannot be a New Yorker. They neither play, nor sing, nor paint, nor draw. A few of tliem 'do fancy work,' but only a few. Some of them dance well, but these, as a rule, are very young girls of twenty or there abouts. A really .fine amateur pianist is almost an anomaly in New York society. . A rich, beautiful, well-trained voice is almost as rare. The singers I who delight society are, as a rule, women from the West or the boutli. To enter a New "York drawing-room and hear the daughter of the house sing charmingly, even though it be an English ballad, is an experience to which very few of us have ever been treated." There is a Gretna Green in America called Aberdeen 0. There has just died there an old man over eighty, Squire Massey Beasley, who married 16,000 runaway couples. But it was Squire Beasley's successor, Squire Shcl- ton, who first gave hope and comfort I to young Kentucky, and was the despair of parents and guardians. Aberdeen, I r\ Atir»AP?fA Mmrcvillo \J, j lO UllVl/UIJ Ky., and a ferry-boat plies between. When two horses covered with foam, fetlocks dripping, and saddle-blankets splashed with mud, dashed down the Maysville pike, the rumor sped lo the ferry-boat, for all mankind loves a lover, and the ferry-boat crowded on steam. Life was full of adventure in those days, for the pursuing party not infrequently was at the river side as I the boat pushed from shore, shaking, its fists and displaying its weapons. I During the night, when the ferry-boat Wdo lulU UjJ) UllC.ClU/Cld LIUSOCU til OlVlJiOj | sometimes hotly followed by a pursuing skiff, and it was a neck to neck run for the squire's den. On one memorable I night, so close . was the pursuit, that the squire, roused from sleep, did not have time to put on his clothes, but discreetly performed the ceremony out I of the window, shedding his benediction rpn':; the -couple: belovfe At-zanother time, when "the icerwas"rurining'swift, the; skiff in which was the fleeing couple could. not; make : the shore. Word was 'brought to the old man," who put: out to meet them from the Ohio side, arid made them one, floating alongside down the middle of tlie stream. At length Squire Shclton's term of office" expired. -The - little omission of legal authority made no difference either to his clients or to the squire. . The tide was set too. strong to be checked by such trifiiijg "con- I siclerations. In time, the marriages became so mixed up with questions of inheritance and" rights of property, that by special Act of the Kentucky 1 Legislature, all marriages performed I by Squire. Shel ton we're- legalised. 