THE MISER'S LEGACY. " He's come, Mr. Herman." "Come? Come at last? Are you sure of it, Joe ?" " Sure as taxes," said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of his head. "He's taken that Old DOUaL- "lUb IlitUllLLU I1DU&C;) vuv UCIgU1 bors call it— and he's moved into it. bag and baggage, which ain't much, by the way." "Any servants with him, Joe 2" " Only one — a crooked old woman — as threw a porringer of hot water over me wben I came round to ax if I could be of any use. If they only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a rum lot in all my life." " Did you see the old man yourself, Joe ?" " See him, Mr. Herman? I see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing-gown and a flannel night-cap on his head, and I s'posed likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going. He was a runnin' in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider." " That will do Joe, Here is a half-a-erown for you." " Thank'ee, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. So old Miner Molineaux had arrived at last — the rich and eccentric relative — on the re- version of whose fortune, real or supposed, he had all his life been building aerial castles. At last — and Herman resolved the very next day to call ar.d pay bis respects, although tbe old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. " If I hadn't heard from his lawyer that he had taken a lease of the Stone House," mused Mr. Franklyn, "I certainly never should have buried myself in this out-of-way place awaiting his advent ; and if I badn't thought I could work into his good graces I never should 'have taken tbe trouble to bunt him up. Heigho ! Sometimes I think it would be easier to work for money than to inherit it." And so the next day Mr. Franklyn 'called Miner Molineaux received bim very coolly, sitting among his treasures, like Marias amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that he kept one hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him as he talked. "Well, yonng man, and what do you want?" he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water treatment, showed him in. " So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner," said tbe young man smoothly. " Humph 1 My health is well enough ? Better than you wish it. I dare say." " My dear sir " " But it will make no difference to you," acidly went on the old man, still nervously fingering the rings of the iron box. " I don't deny that I have a treasure to leave behind me " Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened. " But it will be to those who consult my wishes more than you have done." " But, my dear cousi n " " Words are all very well," said tbe old miser, shrugging his shoulders, " but deeds speak the loudest. You knew very well my aversion to matrimony — and yet you go and engage yourself to get married to a girl who hasn't a penny. Eh? Don't you?" in a rising inflection like a bark. "And then, after coolly disregarding all my wishes, you expect me to leave you this— this" tapping, as he spoke, on the lid of the box. " But, Cousin Miner, if yon wish me, I wilt certainly adapt myself to your opinions, t did not know tbat " Stuff and nonsense 1" yelled the old mat «' What you knew or didn't know is perfectly immaterial to me. Leave me to my books writing. Tbrt's all I aslt of aDy So Mr. Franklyn went moodily away. " I must break my engagement," said he to himself. " That's the first thing. What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune." Josie Hall was sitting in the farm-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a black- eyed, damask-cheeked girl, with velvety eye brows, and a round, red dot of a mouth ; and in those dark eyes glistened a light half resentfnl, half anguish, as she looked straight at Herman Franklyn. " I understand," said she, " you want to break the engagement. Now tbat your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. "It isn't that, Josie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting himself about, with the signals of keen mortification blazing on his cheek. " But I think perhaps it would be better for both of us " "And I haven't the least doubt of it," pas sionately interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. "A thousand times better ; for I value the love of no man who can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your time in conjuring np any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And she went on peeling her potatoes,, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward — as at least he esteemed it— came at last. Mr. Miner Moli neaux fell ill. Being ill, he was frightened. Being frightened he was solitary. And consequently he sent for his cousin Franklyn, a'thing he never would have done in health. " You don't think I'm going to die, do yon, Herman? " he asked, tremulously. " Oh, there's no danger at all," reassured the young man. as the doctor had that morn- said that the patient's spirts must be kept up at all hazards. " And you won't leave me ? " " Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to you," responded the de lighted fortune-seeker. "But that girl tbat you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Molineax ; " she won't like it." " Do you think that I could persist in any thing contrary to your wishes ?" reproach fully asked Herman Franklyn. " The en gagement is broken." " Good 1" croaked the old man. " Engage ments are a humbug, in any event. Engage ments to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than I gave you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse. On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On the fifth be became speechless. On tbe sixth he died. "My fortune is made now," thought Her man, who had listened at the door during the interview with the lawyer, and heard di rections given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box, whereof the key hung around the dead man's neck. And he felt that Josie had been well sacrificed. - " Ion wasn't at the tuneral, eh 7" saia Mrs. Pierce to the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle flew faster than ever through the cam bric she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow, "I ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to put myself out to see an old miser buried, that I never saw nor spoke to while he was alive." " A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can he ?" said Mrs. Pierce. " I don't rightly know about that," said Widow Hall. " But you don't mean to say that old Molineaux hadn't anything after all?" " Nothing bat a few sticks of furniture, and some rusty coins as no decent store keeper would give change for." The widow's eyes shone through her spec tacle glasses. " Land o' massy 1" said she. " And what was in the iron box as everybody had so much to say about — the iron box as was willed to Herman Franklyn. "Just tbe sheets of paper as held a diction ary tbe old man had been writing all his days. Manuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever tbat may be. He thought it was worth a deal of money, and he'd spent his all hunting up books as nobody but himself ever heard of, and travelling about the country to pick up information. " Humph 1" said the Widow Hall. " And ' I didn't sit near enough to him f.o rightly hear," said Mrs. Pierce, "but them as diil tells me he swore an awful oath when he sav.- what was in the box, and flung the whole bundle on the back of the lire. I saw it blaze up myself." "And was that all?" asked tbe Widow Hall. " That was all," responded her informant. "I am glad of itl" cried out Josie, spring ing up with sparkling eyes. " I never was so glad of anything in all my life. He's served right for once." Mr. Franklyn called the next day, meek and subdued. If Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown both hei arms around his neck and vowed that s'.jp loved him better than ever. But she was only a. very human little girl, so she stood up with dignitv and said : " I wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all that has transpired, Mr Franklyn." " But, Josie " " There is the door, sir 1" said Josie. " Fiease to walk out 1" And there was nothing left for it but tc walk out." Old Miner Molineaux sleeps quietly in the village grave-yard, and public rumor ba? added yet another ghost to the spectral popu lation of the Haunted Hoase — a j-ellow-vis- aged old bogey, who wears a wig, ana carries in his hand a padlocked bos. 