' GHOSTS.' This was the title of a lecture delivered by the Rev. G. E. Wheatley in the Albert Hall on Tuesday evening, October 17. Mr T. Price, M.P., presided. The full title was Ghosts, or the Fallacies that Frighten Anti- Reformers. There was a very good atten- dance. A pianoforte selection by Miss M. Taylor was much appreciated, and Mrs K. W. Oldham. who sang ' The Kerry dance,' was enthusiastically encored. Mr Wheatley said that he classified ghosts aa follows: — 1. There were what might be called fancies, which only existed in the minds of those who thought they had seen them. 2. There were cases of mistaken identity, where things did exist, but they were not seen as they were, and were supposed to be totally different from what they were. 3. Cases of fraud, and he believed the last covered a great many ghosts. Outside those there were some mysterious phenomena which they were not thoroughly acquainted with at present, and not quite able to explain. Just as a man was ready at times to fancy he had seen a ghost, so society could be worked upon, and people could be made to imagine that terrible things were going to happen. When society got into that condition the danger was that it might mistake its enemies for its friends, and regard its friends as its enemies. Ignorance was the cause of fear. Social re- formers were accused of setting class against class, but the masses and the clones were set against each other, and the Waterloo had yet to be fought. That great battle would be fought through the ballot-box, and they would get their victory by that means. They repudiated the absurdities that the fogies of South Australia tried to force upon them that they wanted equality. It was not equality they wanted ; it was equity. The first clause of the Danish Constitution of 1849 read — 'From this day forth there shall be no privilege attached to birth, rank, or fortune. They should never rest until arbitrary and artificial distinctions were put away. He claimed that there was in South Australia a school who believed in justice, who refused to have one kind of morality for individuals and another for the nations, and were not afraid of applying Christian ethics to land and every other ques- tion. He referred to the advance of the re- form movement, which was gradually taking place all over the colony. It had been stated that their hopes and aims were Utopian, and were beautiful in theory : but if they were Utopian he asked in all seriousness, ' What and where is Christianity?' The lecture was interspersed with many little anecdotes, which were greatly appreciated, and applause was frequent throughout. Mr J. Medway Day said he had a reso- lution which, although not a direct vote of thanks to the lecturer, would, he thought, be taken by that gentleman as such. It was — 'That this meeting strongly protests against any attempts to grant the rights over any portions of the Crown lands of the colony to a Syndicate for speculative purposes.' His special reason for moving it was he had been led to believe that negotiations had been going on for some time, and were now being pressed to an issue, for granting a large section of land in the neighbourhood of Lake Bonney to a Syndicate to establish an irrigation colony, which would be simply fasten- ing another curse upon the country. Persons would be induced to take up land there, but at largely advanced prices, which would render it absolutely impossible for them to get a living out of it. Mr C. Proud, in seconding the motion, thanked the lecturer for the treat he had given them, and he also thanked the ladies who had contributed to the evening's enjoyment. The motion was carried unanimously. After the Rev. Mr Wheatley had shortly replied the meeting terminated. 