THE ANGLICAN SYNOD. THE SECOND TRIENNIAL MEETING. The first session of the second triennial Synod of the Church of England in the diocese of Adelaide, incorporated, was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Monday evening. xncre was a targe gathering of the clergy and lait^c. TASrO&AL; ADDBESS. The Bishop delivered hia pastoral address as £qUowb :— Aly Reverend Brethren and Brethren of the Xiity—When, ten years ago, I addressed the ■■ayri-jd of this diocese for tha first time, I tboupbt it my duty to call attention to the transitional state of public opinion on religicas and also social matters. To ignore changes of opinion on matters of suoh importaacs is impossible. Whenever they take place on a large scale many minds will necessarily be perturbed, even though no action consequent upon these opinions has followed. But it is always wiser to look facts in the face—to at tempt at least to record the set of the tide, and to endeavor to gather some idea of how we are affeited by it. And th«. ten years which have last elapsed do attord some data for ganging the character of these changes. I propose to ask you to view with *na the changes that have set in upon four different aspects of our church life and work, and to test, however inadequately, the manner ia which our position aud duties stand affected. The points whioh I select for our chief ex amination are: the changes in opinion m fa (firstly) Inspiration of Holy tieriptara • e«oondly—the idea of worship: thirilv-tbe' idea of church work; «id fou^^T/™ ing desire for the unity of «he church.^Yot ! would rightly Bay that tr^*, arB anest i on? trS.T appears weansome; yaa might properly re r^ken « I?"'* *&*«. MdteM.&ve; epoken of the-^ matters so forcibly that the S'™?? 11. fe only weakened when treated tv. i A Umite ol ?P«toral address. But on tne letter point it is well to remember that "y- .'Vrsons have not the opportunities cf Btu;jying these subjects which you, my r .everend brethren, Mid I are able to enjoy ■ s-nd it ia generally advisable that the opinions of one, set in euoh a position as I am, should •care. While on tho former point, I must "remind you that the changing conditions of Boaial surroundings cause some new aspect of the question to corns into prominence every year. Take, for instance, the gradual drift of the times towards socialism. That this drift is observable few will deny. Is is, I suppose, the inevitable tendency of de mocracy. Some persons expect from a fuller development of it results which cannot b^s painted in colors too glowing. Others >row pessimistic as they contemplate tae ajiproich of the civilised world towards a. region of which the exploration has been eo meagre. The Church can undoubtedly adapt herself to the life of a country w'aiah is either demo cratioal or monarchical. But as men undergo changes in politic^ they are likely to get different views oi- religion, and it is our dnty to endeavor s;, fo present to them the teach- InKB of Ctiristianity that political or other changes not lessen their faith in the great spiriCjal verities by which their lives are to be l^Vned. . What indeed sooialism would ultimately Aecome if the teaching of the Church were eliminated seems a very gloomy picture. -A very shrewd observer, well known as a (prominent man in Australia, and who is "wholly in touch with secular movements, has in a recently published book indicated the futare (sejvdiec) ot socialism. He eaya—" It seems reasonable to assume that religion will gradually puss into a recognition of ethical precepts and a graceful habit of morality c that the mind will occupy itself less and ress ■with work? of genius, and more and more with trivial results and ephemeral discussions ; that 'husband and wife, parents and children, wdl come to mean less to one another, and that romantic feeling will die out in consequence ; that the old will increase upon the joung • that two great incentives to effort, the deeue to use po-ver for noble ends and the desire to be highly esteemed, will oome to promise less to capable men as the field of human energy is crowded, and jjenerally that the world will be left without deep conviction or enthusiasm, without the regenerating influence of the ardor for political reform and the fervor of pious fa:th whioh have quickened men for centuries paet as nothing else has quickened them, with a passion purifying the Bonl" . . . "tt is more than probable that our Butance. onr civilisation, our groat aad real adranoe in the practice of government are only bringing ns nearer to the day when tho IoW raoeswUl predominate in the world, When the higher races will lose theur nobles* element?, wheS we shall ask nothing from tfce n? y but to live, nor from the future. b^ tha t £e may not de teriorate." But Srofeagor Pearson leaves out of count the nifluenoe of the Church. The monewmp^a drab whioh he BonowMiy paints ti, o futnre eeooUr • O!"-i«s of which he ia apparently so (Hxsud is juat due to his making no place in his system for the brightening, hallowing influences of that religion of which be assumes the decay. Now, hne we join issue with him. Hia estimate of the Church is not, as we conceive it, a right one. He has Apparently little idea of the " Divine Society." It is not therefore to be wondered at that the cimrch, as he portrays it, loses hold on the popular imaginaticn and is unable to invigo rate and enlighten the State, And it is just b-?ause of the tendency to ignore or forget the true character of the church, which is apparent in Rnch writings as Professor Pearson's, and which is common enough in the colonies, that I am asking you to look at the questions I have seleoted for our consideration, and to endeavor to see how they concern us in the view which as ohnrohmen we should take of the church of our forefathers. In Mr. Pearson's powerful volume, his pre sentation of all the great topics he deals with, save one, are apparently up to date, and the study of them is in itself an education in the political and social as well as literary achieve ments of the age. But his idea of the Church is that of 40 years ago, hence his discount of its influence. I ask your attention to the different conception of the Church which pre vails now in the writings, say of the leading churchmen at home, from that which was held a generation ago by most of us as bearing most forcibly upon the question which we are about to consider as the first of our selected subjects. INSPIRATION OF HOLY SCRIPTURE. The questions on the inspiration of Holy Scriptures which have arisen through what is known as the higher criticism would have been well nigh fatal to the faith of many professing members of the Church of England had they been brought forward 50, 40, or even 20 years ago with the same cogent arguments with which they are now accompanied. The opinions which commonly prevailed before the great teachings of Maurice on the one hand and of the Oxford school on the otner had filtered through the minds of average people to include the ideas that the Bible was, in so plenary a manner, so verbally, so equally inspired, that error could in no way exist in it. That geology, astronomy, geography, and chronology must adapt themselves to the etttements of the Old Testament under the penalty of incurring the charge of blasphemy. That to even allow there were dimoulties in the reconciliation of various statements of Holy Scripture with each other savored of irreligious presumption. That every verse of Holy Scripture stood, as it were, by itself a sufficient guarantee of the mind of the Almighty upon the matter spoken of in that verse. Further, that the chief purpose of the Church was to dissemi nate the Bible; and indeed that the Church only existed as the outcome of the Bible. Such a principle as the dictum of Dr. Hawkins — "The Church teaches, the Bible proves"— would have been commonly scouted as being the reverse of facts. Practically the creed of many was, "the Bible, and the Bible only." And no one who looks into the matter thought fully can fail to see what noble and holy lives, what sanctified and happy homes, grew up under each an influence. No doubts as to the security of their position ever crossed the minds of the majority of these who thus loved and reverenced the ipissima verba of their Bibles from Genesis to Revelation. No ultra niuutrane ever rested more supremely content in the absolute security of his position than did the believer of the theory that the Bible was dynamically and verbally inspired. But we must know truth at all hazards; and no theories, however comforting, no cherished opinions, however dear to us from influence or association, must be maintained at the expense of truth. Cautiously, and in the old sense of tho word, painfully, ought we to receive the results of the critical echools which at home and abroad are busied in bringing the Scrip tures of the Old Testament under the philo logical microscope. Some persons would say, Why stir the pond ? Are yon not endangering tho faith of many to no purpose? Is it not better to let such matters alone, at least for the present ? I answer, it is not honest to let such matters alone. Our people will have good reason to mistrust us In the future, if we are found dumb—from whatever reason— when we might have warned and guided amid ditiiculties that sooner or later must be faced. So long as the results of the higher criticism were received only by the more advanced schools in Germany, or even on the first publi cation of Canon Driver's " Introduction to the Literature of the Old Testament," it may have been best for us to be still, and wait awhile; but how can we help reconsidering our position and readjusting our view, when we find so competent and, I suppose, so conservative a teacher as the present Regius Professor of Divinity, at Oxford, Professor Sanday, speak ing as follows, in the current Bampton Lectures: —"It is impossible to resist the im pression that the critical argument is in the stronger hands, and that it is accompanied by a far greater command of the materials. The cause of criticism, if we take the word in a wide sense, and do not identify it too closely with any particular theory is, it is difficult to doubt, the winning cause. Indeed, criticism is the only process by which theological know- ledge is brought into line with other know- ledge, and as such it is inevitable. . Two particular conclusions (he says) are of specific importance—(1) The presence in the Penta teuch of a considerable element which, in its present shape, is held by many to be not easier than the captivity; and (2) the composition of the book of Deuteronomy not long, or at least not very long before its promulgation by King Josiah, in B.C. 621, which thus becomes a pivot-date in the history of Jewish literature. To these positions (says the professor) thus broadly stated I must, so far as my present judgment goes, confess my own adhesion. But the working out of them has not deprived the Old Testament of any of its value. On the contrary, stumbling-blocks have been removed ; a far more vivid, a more real apprehended cf the Old Testament both as history and reli gion has been obtained; and . . . the old conviction that we have in it a revelation from God to man is not only unimpaired but placed upon firmer foundations." Now it is plain that such conclusions as those above mentioned will affect us precisely so far as we have accepted or not a theory of inspiration which is upset by them; and I want in the first place to remind you that whatever may have been the trend of thought inside, and of late years outside the Church of England since the Reformation. the Church has never yet ventured to propound any theory of inspiration. How such theories have grown up — whence derived and how far accepted— are questions which would lead us too much away from our main track. But to get at some idea of what we mean by inspira tion let 'us think for a minute or two in what manner It has pleased God to reveal Himself to man. While to other nations there may have been entrusted other duties the Hebrew nation was selected to teach the world religion. By patriarch, Lawgiver, Judge, and Prophet, moved by God'sHoly Spirit, and thus in spired by God's work, did it please the Almighty to gradually lead tho nation as it couM bear it to * higher conception of holiness aad to a knowledge of Himself which should Prepare them for His supreme revela tion. In the same manner as the Hebrew raoa had been selected cc were men in that race selected k'to have their hearts and minds moved in a manner more penetrating and more effective than their fellows with the result that their written words convey to us truths about the nature of God and His dealings with men which other Writings do not convey with equal fulness, power and purity." We say that this special moving is due to the cetion upon those hearts and minds of the Holy And we call their action inspiration." (Professor Sanday.) But do not many of the writers seem to be rather the recorders of a revelation than the medium of a revelation? And is it not in degree rather than in kind that the difference oetween their insoirttion and that in other literature may to eaid to exist ? When, there fore, tho authorship of books or the date of their compilation is called in question, does the sacred volume cease in any true sense to be the inspired Word of God ? In no true sense does it so cease. The school or college of writers who are recording the great messages whioh God gave His servants may make errors as to dates, numbers, or localities, and yet faithfully transcribe the inspired message or indicate the true purpose in divinely-ordered events, and so hand down to ns the Word of «od—the record of His revelation. But in the second place, and chiefly, all the Old Testa ment is the preparation for the supreme revela tion in Jesus Christ. Every path of truth trodden before His Incarnation converges in Him ; all truth radiates from Him. "There was the true light, whioh lighteth every man." Erery word spoken by Him (subject to the limitation of His humanity) is a full revelation of truth. Nay, He it Truth. He is the complete revelation of God to man, and thus our religion becomes not that of a book, but of a person. Yes, a Divine Person, who is our Redeemer, Master, and God. The object of Christianity is to form in us His character; the essence of Christianity is union with Himself, There fore was it He founded His Church, that in His Body we might live out His Life, carry ing out His work, and become the sphere in which to angels (Eph. iit, 10.) and to men alike God's purposes should gradually become manifest. We have sadly, as a whole, lost the conception of the Church as pourtraved in the New Testament, else we should realise how not only is it the Home of Salvation, but the sphere of our truest and richest development. We should understand how the Apostle could speak of "The whole body being fitly framed and knit together through that which every joint supplieth according to the working in due measure of each several part making the increase of the body," and how he could epeak of us as in it "growing into a toll grown man." We shall see that the common saying " The Church is made for men " is only a half truth, and in how true and suggestive a sense it may be also said that "man is made for the Church;" that he is intended to achieve his full growth by brotherhood, and not by isola tion--by spiritual interdependence, and not by religious exclusiveness—by sharing with his brethren in the communicated grace of his king, and above all by losing himself, as it were, in the life of the Living Lord, who shares His life with His brethren in His body—the Church. Now, such ideas as these are growing in men's minds again, and taking such hold of them that they are beginning to see what the great conception of the Holy Catholic Church would be were it not paralysed by Ultramontane bigotry on the one side and by Protestant individualism and sectarianism on the other. And just where these ideal have taken root the altered opinions as to inspirations of the Holy Scrip ture, and ot the Old Testament in particular, which are the product of the higher criticism, effect least disturbance. I say the Old Testa ment in particular because it must be re membered that the skilled criticism of the day has had the widest possible difference in its results upon the Old and New Testaments re spectively. It is true they could never stand in the same category, for many of the Old Testament Scriptures were written at a long period after the events they describe, while the interval between the events recorded in the New Testa ment and the writings which record them is at the most but a few years. Moreover, the importance of the difference between writings that trace the preparation for the supreme revelation in oar Lord Jesus Christ and those whioh describe this revelation can never be sufficiently estimated. But the fact remains that the more criticism has been brought to bear upon the New Testament canon the more has our conviction of the authenticity and genuineness of the sacred records become strengthened; and the New Testament is the proof to us of the truth of our apostolic creed —I believe in God the Father, I believe in God the Son, I believe in God the Holy Ghost. To those, therefore, who have grasped the faot that their religion is, as was said, a Person —not n book —a living, reigning Being who has made us one with Him in His Church, and claims that we should live as those that are one with him, the criticism that removes the possibility of our holding the plenary or verbal inspiration of the Bible in no way de stroys our faith. We believe that in that society which he founded we have fellowship with Him ; and that fellowship nothing bnt our own wilful tin ad destroy. And so we turn to our Old Testament, looking at it still as God's Book, insufficient in itself to save us, but God's guide to us to lead us to the Living Christ; and we turn to our New Testament with the deepest veneration and love for it as the inspired record of the life of our own Master, and the work and writings of His apostles in the Living Church in which we have our heritage, and receive God's saving grace. IDEA OF WORSHIP. From this great sni>ject, on which it is impossible to epesfe nt< cueh a time in more than outline, I pass to the briefer considera tion of the change of public opinion on the ides of worship. The oontrasa between the ordinary services of the Church of England when I was a boy and those oi the present day is very remarkabla Judging from my own impressions and what others have eaid there was little thought of corporate worship, although the?ooWof CommonPrayerindicated in every line—from r.bs title page to the Tate and Brady psalter usually bound up with it— the real purpose for which we were gathered together. . I think it seemed as if we were in church to eaoh say his private prayers, though we happened to say them at the same time and place. The dreari ness to the young at least was great. There was of courts great reality in the earnestness of the thoughtful people, but brightness and gladness were certainly not the characteristic features which impressed the young. Now bow changed for the better are most of our services! How much brighter and more attractive is the appearance of our churches. How much more hearty and con gregational is the worship as a general rule. The surplioed choirs, the chanted psalms, the choral celebrations, mark a change which if it had not come* so gradually would have sur prised ns. Nor are these changes confined to the Church of England. When you find a liturtry in use and daily prayer said in St. Giles' Cathedral, Edin burgh, under its Presbyterian regime, when you tind in' many of tne denominations which have separated from the Church on account of it? churchmauship, a gradual approximation in the character of their buildings and in their worshiptotheCharcbof England?tandarde, you cannot help realising that a change has gene rally set in on the whole subject of public worship, of which we are only wise in taking acconns that we may Bee better what it requirt-s of us. Speaking for ourselves, I do believe that in most cases the cause of the change is a very solid and true one. Is it not due to a greater realisation of our -Lord as the Living and Reigning King, who in His glorified humanity has ascended to His Father's throne, and there receives the homage and adoration of Hia redeemed brethren? Is it not that we think of Him more in His victory and Hismajesty than men *ud * «- • -, 7 q,.- f orbid thai !w^ pnou;d be lees mindful of Him as . cur suffering Saviour, or of our own need ■of tuat salvation "which He so dearly ! wrought." L!ut is it not the spiritual gain of : onr age that we F which is onr Lord's'—tus glory or His ; humaafSy-; the giory of Hia achievements: the glory of His headship over creation ; the glory ot His kingahip. And as ve thus think of Him we re-O£nise more to the full the claim Ee uO9 upon us—that all we are and all we have are His. The best we possess should be given to him. Hence the wealth of music, the beanty of architecture, the richness cf color; alli are bron?fct More Him as our King. I? Sot this at the door of the growing recog nition, that in onr Eucharist—our Holy Com munion—we ha?-e our highest act of worship? In th w (as a living writer has eaid) "each Chris tian has taken up his own life, his body and soul, and offered it as a holy, lively, and wasonaHa sacrifice onto Ood, a Service in spirit and in truth. And deeper still he recognises that his life does not stand alone, through the common ties of humanity in Christ be is linked on by a Etrange solidarity with all mankind. His life depends on th«ira, sad theirs on his, and eo be 3?6^s it not for himself only, but for ill; in the power of Christ he intercedes for all mankind. And desper still, he feels in the presence of tbe holiness of God how unworthy hi? Cwn offering and his own prayers are, and he pleads, he recalls before the Father as the Boaree of his own hope and his own power of self-sacrifice, the one complete offering made for all mankind." Hence we may rejoice e,b the fuller liberty which tb"3 Lambeth judgment upheld by the Privy Council has given in the rendering of the service of Holy Communion. Ido not think the age of saperstition will return upon us. The larger free spirit of the time is a safeguard. But suffer one or two cautions from me. In the first place, let ns not forget that onr worship is dne to God, the Father, through His dear Son. It is to our Heavenly Father's footstool that our Klder Brother would bring us, and our realisation of the glory of the Eternal Son muss not allow ns to derogate from the honor due unto Him who, in the plenitude of His love, has given His only Son to be our Saviour, and out of the riches of Hi> glory freely with Him gives us all things. Aid in the second place will you Buffer a caution from me—is there not a cause?—lest, perchance, in the defcire to exalt onr Lord in the celebration of his holy sacrament we forget that it is in participation in the reception of it (oF course in the right spirit) that we must honor Him. I know of no case in the early church of a Eucharist of which the faithful were not par takers. Of course I do sot forget that the increased number of celebrations makes it feasible for a recipient at an early celebration to ba present and join in the prayers and praiees of a later one. But the whole tenor of the service of our prayer-books, to which we are bound to be loyal, the whole teaching of the apostolic writings, and to the best of my knowledge, the whole tendency of the writings of the apostolic fathers alike press on us that the blessings of the great service are to be realised where possible by participation in the consecrated elements. Nor does our Church anywhere lay down any instruction on Fasting Communion. Surely, apart from the most solemn preparation, the approach to the holy path of our Lord should be at such a time of day and in each manner that we appear there with our hearts and minds most capable of entering into the full meaning of the sacred service, and onr bodies least likely to be a hindrance and drag upon our mind?. Most natural, therefore, is it, and most helpful, that the earliest hours of the day should be those in which we delight to draw near to our Lord in that Holy Sacrament. But for those who cannot communicate early why lay on them a burden which neither our Lord nor His apostles have laid ? And then, thirdly. The increased number of oar choirs and the popularity of choral services should increase our watchfulness, lest that which should be esteemed ro sacred a privilege as to lead the praises of God's people should come to be regarded only as a matter of musical taste or capability. We cannot too I often impress upon ourselves, or on those who share with as the duties of a prominent part in the service of God, that these become a blessing to ns or the contrary just so far as oar motive is the desire to give God of our best. Watchfulness, I eay, lest the desire for popularity become paramount and we be deceived into thinking we are serving God while all the time we are bat Berving ourselves, and we should make good use of our oppor tunities. For we clergy have many oppor tunities of instilling a high ideal into the minds of the members of onr choirs, and it is culpable to lose them. Teach them rather the meaning of their high duties. Let them each remember whom we are praising, and through whom our prayers and praises most ascend. lit to Thee the chant is lifted; Tin to Thee the heads are bowed; F*r less deep was larmel'a rapture When the plory filled the cloud. O, our own true God Incarnate, What should Chrittims' ritual be But a voice to utter somewhat Ot their piide and joy in Thee ? What bat tbla? Yet, since corruption Man too oft our holiest things. In the form preserve the Spirit.; Give the worship angel-wincs, TUI «ra (fain Thioe own b'gh temple. Where no tainting t>reatib mar come. And whate'erip good and beauteous Finds with Thee a perfect homo. ITfITT OF THE CHCBCH. 11l bringing to your notice the change of opinion on the question of toe unity of the Church, I do not think that I have much to add to what I have aaid in previous Synods by way of expressing my own view. Bat it is wefl to call attention to what others have said, because public opinion has to be formed oo the matter, and there will hare to be o good deal more talk before there can be anything actually done. Bnt let me say that the greatest encouragement that has been given to the great question of home reunion, so far as the colonies are concerned, is to be found in the able and statesmanlike and cheering address of the Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly, the Rev. A. C. Sutherland, in the month of March this year. It is evident that he allows their true weight to the four bases of reunion laid down in the last Lambeth Conference of tho bishops of the Anglican communion; and I think he has grasped the mean ing of the fourth of these, viz., "The hietoria episcopals, locally adapted in the methods of its administration to the varying needs of the nations and people called of God into the unity of His Churcb," more clearly than others have done. The fact is, no student since the publication of Lightfoot's great work on the Ignati&n; Epistles can resist the evi dence for tho widespread of the} episcopate in the days of St. John, and under his authority. The question which with many stops the way to their acceptance of this clause is not to much, I think, the fact of the threefold orders being recosnitfcd as the further—and it may be in some cases—non-essential ideas whioh, according to their bias, they have attached to the episcopal order. Such a question. for instance, as that of the jurisdiction of the bishop whether it could be exercised only with or altogether without the consent of the Synod of the diocese, and such like. My having to leave so soon for England has seemed to me to bar the way to my endeavor ing to enter into brotherly conference with the Moderator upon this creat question during the current year; but, God willing, I hope next year to have an opportunity ot approaching him, and, if he be willing, of carefully examin ing into the whole subject with him. Although it may be eaid not to concern us I for one cannot but look at the contemplated union of the Methodists with deep interest. |So deeply do I feel that whatever makes for unity must be pleasing to God—and whatever promotes separation must be grieving to Him —that I cannot but wish them God-speed in their effort Vet. if it be not impertinent to suggest it, -why not make it the oppor tunity for getting into line, as it were, with the Church from which they have bo eadly become divided? The present Bishop of I Durham (Bishop Westcott) recently used the i expression of the great Nouconformmg bodies, i that they were not eo truiy to be regarded as Churches as great orders in the Church. How far this description would be accepted by say the great body of Wesleyan Methodists I am quite unable to say; fcuc if it were accepted, why should it be impossible for I them to present one of their own ministers to the Primate, to be ordained and consecrated as bishop of their order ; and, if the bishops of the Church of England agreed to it, let one finch bithop of the Wesleyan or Methodist order be appointed as assistant to the bishop oE each diocese, with jurisdiction only over the order of his own people. By this means the ancient Church rule would be pre served which forbids the intrusion of one bishop into the diocese of another, while on the other hand the organisation and corpus of the Wesleyao (or Methodist if the contemplated union be effected) order would be maintained intact. The gain would be enormous; instead of rivalry—and I had almost used a stronger word—there would be brotherly feeling-, and little by little, through the grace of God, there would grow up that concerted action which would pave the way for the formation of a great Australian Church. And, indeed, until a real Church of Australia can be formed, the hope of a great Australian nation will not, I think, in a true sense, be realised. What a ftreat opportunity lies before this brighter Britain if only it could be seized at the right moment. God grant nothing may be eaid or done which could hinder any rightly-directed movement towards such a great consumma tion. There is a change of opinion on this subject. There is a drift towards unity; may God guide it, and, if it seem good to Him. grant it prosperity. WORK OF THE CHUECH. From the idea of the unity of the Church I am led to speak of the work of the Church, on which subject also opinion is rapidly under going change. It is satisfactory to tind that the people do expect work from'/tho Church, and although too commonly by the Church they mean the clergy, yet there is a willingness to listen, and in some matters to be ltd, by what the clergy may say on subjects that are cognate %~ the more spiritual teaching and. functions which are their superlative duties. The happy results of the mediation of the Bishop of Durham in the great coal dispute of last year, of the Bishop of Chester in the ealt works dispute, and more recently of the Bishop WnkeGeld ins local difficulty ars indications that where the impartiality and ability of leading churchmen are recofmised, the spirit in which they would address themselves to the task laid on them has been recognised as the gronnd of confi dence whioh both sides to the dispute were prepared to the place in them. I think this fact is significant. Christianity in the leading country in the world is still felt to the most potent factor in the dissemination of peace and goodwill. Bat, of course, we must not be led away by it. These were exceptional men, and the occasions demanded them. It would be most unwise and in time would prove iteilf to be the worst thing both for the Church and the world were minis ters of religion to be seeking opportu nities for putting themselves to the front in giving directions from the platform to the Stats or to the Trades as to how they were to direct their affairs. It eeema to be a peculiar temptation of the age to obtain notoriety for every good work by the blare of the newspaper trumpet. Surely the most solid work is that which is done most quietly. Let every parish priest be constant in visitation. Let the work ing man feel that he has in him a personal friend, liet the sick find in him a constant ministrant and a true comforter. Let the young man and boy find in him the sympathy of a good companion. Let him be ready to raise the fallen, and where possible to enocor the distressed. Let him in his sermons (as Tom Mann said at a recent church meeting at Woolwich) be a little less ready to say, " Servants, obey your masters, and say a little moreabonttbedufciee of masters to theirwrv?nt3. and far more will be accomplished for God and for men than by colnmns of orations that win temporary applause. Sorely our duty is rather to endeavor to give men a right bias in which to carry forward social movements than to desire to direoteoch movements. But I?m speaking of direction by words. Where deeds take the place of words then indeed we may be thankful. Snch a salutary lead as the Rev. Horace Tucker gave in the formation of bis village settlements is worthy of all praise. But our main work, be it never forgotten, is spiritual, and if this be done worthily we are really fitting men to fulfil their political and social as well as religions duties in the best possible manner. One or two matters both within and without our own diocese must occupy our attention a few minutes before I close. So much has been written about Lord Tennyson since his death that I will only venture to remind you not only that he is recognised as having best interpreted the spirit of the age, but that in his marvellous poems, whioh always call out a purer nobler spirit in those who read them, he certainly indicated no decay of the faith. That the faith is the better grasped and felt to be powerful in consequence of his work few could deny, bat the reflection that he gives us of the world, if it solemnises us, yet gives us no note of despair. Those who understand Browning say the same of his work. To turn our attention to statistics seems a great bathos after such proof of the living power of the faith. But the returns of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America afford also a striking indication that in that most cosmopolitan of countries, the faith, at least among people represented in our communion, is not on the decline. For while in 1880 the ratio of communicants was one in every 148 of the whole population of the United States, in ISS9 it was one in every 104, and the rate of improvement appears to have been greatly accelerated in the last two years. The men tion of America brings sorrowfully to one's mind the death of Bishop Philips Brooks. 110 was the Robertson of our age, much misunder stood by those who failed to recognise that it waathe strong faith within him that enabled him to be eo widely tolerant. The Church and the world are the poorer by his sadden death. In the death of Bishop Harold Browne we have lost one of oar wisest, most learned, and most attractive of our bishops at home. His sober-minded teachings made him no nnfitting exponent of the mind of the Church of England on great theological subjeats. The bench of bishope in Australia have been strongly rein forced by the consecration of Dr. Chalmers as Bishop of Goulboum, and also by the estab lishment—to the great praise of the Bishop of Brisbane—of the Diocese of Sockhampton, and the appointment of Bishop Dawes to that See. The mission field in Africa has been fortified by the erection of two new Sees — Masbonaland and Nyaasa. Choto Nagpore and Lnuknow have also been constituted new Sees in India, and most worthily filled. Foreign missions have this year, I am rejoiced to think, attracted much more attention in this Diocese tbao of late, owing to the visits of the Revs. C. Bice sod F. W. Whitington on behalf respectively of the Melanesian missions and the Australian board of missions: while the enterprising visit of the clear-headed and quick-minded Bishop of Tasmania' to the Melanesian Isles has not only stirred renewed interest and enabled him to accomplish im portant duties, but has resulted in his con vincing many persons that the New Guinea and Melanesian missions should be placed under the charge of the same bishop. The many and important changes whioh have taken place in this diocese during the laot year I propose to sptsak of in my report on the diocese, to be made in the Synod Hull. But I should not like to defer until then any mention of the deep thankfulness with which I regard the appointment of Arch deacon French to the position which he is to hold in the north. He carries with himj in a very marked degree the confidence not only of bis'bi&hopj; but I believe of every Church man in the diocese and of many persons not members of our Church. A load of anxiety seems lifted from my mind by the residence in that part of the diocese of one who is likely to so well fulfil the duties of his office. Nor can I fail to mention the will ingnesfc and generosity with which Archdeacon Dove has aided me in the formation of the new archdeaconry. The title of Arfcfcdeacon of Flinders, which was somewhat misleading, will now cease. Arch deacon French will now be Archdeacon of " Petersburg and the North," and Archdeacon Dove taked the title of Archdeacon of the Bronghton. It has pleased God in a very sudden manner to remove from us a young clergyman of very considerable promise during the current year. The Rev. J. C. Daviea was a singularly gentle and amiable man of marked spirituality, and the work which be was doing was of very valuable character. lam ante I express- the unanimous voice of Synod in saying that we most deeply sympathise with his widow in her severe be reavement and with, his parishioners in their loss of so faithful a pastor. After several years of delay the work of the Church here is at las! strengthened by the arrival among us of the Sisters of the Church. They are eteadily winning their way, and when recruited, as I bops they shortly will be, by the arrival of more of their number, their work will. I hope, be largely developed. One parish school—St. Paul's Girls' School—has been placed under the care of these trained and cer tificated eisters, and in time this phase of their work will be increased. The senior clergy of the diocese have joined with me in giving them a hearty welcome, and I trust they will meet with hearty sympathy from Church people throughout the colony. I do not propose to epe&k; to-night on the question of religious education, for a fitting opportunity will arise in Synod. But you will have noticed that our offertory to-night is on behalf of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, and I should like to take this opportunity of reminding members of the newly-elected Synod how deeply indebted we ought) to feel to that society, which not only helped eo largely in founding St. Peter's College, but which has made generous grants to many of our new churches, and helped us greatly in oar Sunday-schools andday-schoola. Our oilertory given at this Synodal service ought to be some proof of our gratitude. Of St. Peter's College I may be able to Bay more is the Synod hall, but I should like now to sav that I do not think Church people throughout the colony support it aa they ought to do. The rigorous support given to a ueivly founded institution ought to have been an incentive to members of the Church to do more for St. Peter's. Bnt this is far from being the cabe. I think this Synod should do more than previous Synods have done in re calling Church people to their duty in this respect. As regards the completion of the Cathedral, these are not the times in which to be urging people to subscribe. But I want to remind you well in advance of it that 1897 will be the fiftieth anniversary of the consecration of the first oishop of this diocese, as well as of the tirst bishops of the Sees of Cape Town, Mel bourne, and Newcastle. It will also be the thirteen hundreth anniversary of the arrival of St. Augustine- in Kent—the first Arch bishop of the Anglican (as distinct from the British) Church. Is not that a year in which we should; aim at having our cathedral com pleted ? fiat unless some substantial progress is made during the next two years we shall hardly be able to accomplish what would be eo interesting an achievement. Of course, I shall try and do what I can in the matter; but it should not be left eo much to the bishop to do all the begging as it has been in the past. T?n years, as I paid, have elapsed once I first addrest-ed you. God knows how often and how deeply I realise how little I have done as yonr Bishop that I ought to have done, and that I sometimes think others would have done. But many things have I as Bishop to be numbly aud deeply thankful for, and that the diooese must be glad of- The chief of these is that by the blessing of God we are eo united, and so completely at peace among ourselves. God grant this may ever be bo. Then—in ppite of an Englieh church paper (Church Bclis, I be lieve) —commenting _so unfavorably upon the work of the Chnroh in this dioetse—there ha3 bf-«n anything bnt a fallinc away—ao far aa etatiatics are worth anything as a guide— during the 3*st 10 years; for while the popu lation his increased in that decade from 304,515 to 336,702. we have been abto _? haU^ j 43 churches and nussion churches- Our ew_. ' have increased from SI to 73. We hsve <&eii; our Sunday scholars increase dcribg that period from 6,228 to 12,058; our communicants from 3,139 to 7.132, or—to put the latter in ratio to the whole population of the colony— from 1 in every 97 persons to 1 in every 47. I need not remind you how largely this is due to the excellent work of tbe clergy and lay workers throughout the diocoe, and to the very valuahle assistance of the Home Mission Society. The forthcoming annual meeting of this last will prove to you how much may be done by the assistance of the many when bo energetic a lay secretary of the Penny Asso ciation as Dr. T. K. Hamilton and oar able organising chaplain are working together. Most deeply grateful to them and most thank ful to God am I for the earnestness and zeal of eo many faithful fellow-workers. May God grant upon this diocese His full blessing; may He lead us so to work for Him with thoughtful minds and true hearts that we may not be ashamed to meet our Lord at His coining. Full choral evensong was sung, and during the evening the Rev. Canon French was installed as archdeacon of Petersburg and the North. During the afternoon the Bishop and Mrs. Kennion held an at home at Bishops Court, which was attended by a considerable number of members of Synod and their wives. A very pleasant afternoon was eocnt. The business meetings of Synod will be bsgun this afternoon. 