AS ENGLISH WOODLAND SANCTUARY. 3Rves i' the gr(-y, wintry weather of December, when the birds, discouraged ?and forlorn, are for the most part so «ilent that we are hardly conscious of their presence, there is always some life stirring along -the edge of the wood. The. fringe of the woodland, the belt ?of trees and thickets that forms the *-order line between the realm of Mature and the work a day world, is ?the asylum of many a hard used hanger ?on of man, many an unpaid retainer who yet does him yeoman's service. 'There 'the tits and finches and hedge sparrows chatter and frolic and work and play, caring little for the rustle of footsteps on tiie dead leaves, undis turbed by any noise of passing traffic. ?Here, before sunrise, even the magpie ?ventures down, and steals through the old hedgerow towards the hen roost. Here, in the grey dawn, the jays come ?boldly out of their sanctuary, and forage in the gardens where, in the .summer time, they took toll of the best ;peas and the juiciest strawberries. Along the paths that seem to loiter so idly in and out among the thickets there is less life stirring now the leaves are down. There are parts of the wood where, at times, in the grey De cember afternoons, nothing is moving Taut the wind. But there is a path among the trees, a track so slight that in the summer time it is lost alto gether in a green jungle of fern and dog rose and bryony, but plainer now since the wind has drifted its slight hollow full of dry, dead leaves, that leads the wayfarer at length to a ueok ifaf in, a sheltered corner, where he may liappsn unaware on many a shy '?nature of the wild. Here the trees *tand far apart. About their feet are heaped the brown autumn leaves. On the ground, bexten down by wind and rain, lie the sid colored grasses, the ?doad ferns, the withered woodruff that, in their green prime, lent sweetness to the summer air. But here is more than the heart of the woodland. Here, in the shadow of these sombre yews, lingers the ghost of a dead home. From a fragment of grey ruin, crowned ?with a thick growth of ivy. low broken -boundary walls stretch out among the thickets. Of the house itself small trace remains. The garden has wholly gone back into the wilderness. One old apple tree still bears upon its wrinkled arms a handful of stunted fruit, transmuted now by the touch of the froBt spirit to little talk of gold 4 a scanty harvest, Like the Prophet's two or three 'berries, In the top of the uppermost bough. There are the yews. One solitary laurel .stretches wide its unpruned ?branches. Nettles there are indeed, true followers of man, and raspberries irom the old enclosure have wandered tfar and wide among the underwood, jill else is gone. Man trespassed here 5 'tat nature lost No right of her domain : Sh* waited, and she brought the old Wild beauty back again. ; So well has she reclaimed her own that this is now the very sanctuary of the woodland. It is indeed a quiet spot. No echo from the busy world breaks 5n upon this far retreat. To-day, when the minstrels of the wood are silent* there is no sound but the inurmtii of the sea, where, far down about tlie grey bases of the lull, Flows the long, monotonous cadence Of its unrhymed lyric lines. Bat if there is silence there is life. Here in spring the blackbird whistled to his mate on her nest among the sheltering ivy. Here, on hot noot.6 of summer, grass snakes basked in the sunshine ; and in the warm twilight hedge hogs scampered through th ruin. The grass snake, far in among a tangle of tree roots, or beneath a pile of bioken masonry, lies now in slumber, and the hefige hog, too, is buried in his winter «leep. But there are other woodlanaers, wakeful, watchful. If, under stones that have fallen from the old walls, field mice sleep in warm beds of grass and leaves, the weasels biding in the crannies of the ancient masonry are broad awake no doubt. If rough winds scattered long ago the nest among the ivy, and if the blackbird sings no more among the elms, there are robins still, and even now the peace is broken by the wrangling of a troop of jays. Sharp eyes are doubt less at this moment taking careful note of the intruder. Here, in days of bygone autumns, Gaily chattering to the clattering Of the brown nuts downward pattering, Leaped the squirrels, red and grey. On the grassland, on the fallow, Dropped the apples, red and yellow, Dropped the russet pears and mellow, Dropped the red leaves all the day. And away, swift away Sun and cloud, o'er lull and hollow Chasing, wove their web of play. The eyes that watched their frolic in the old, forgotten time are long since dimmed. But there are squirrels still ?; 'pausing, perhaps, in the search for nut or acorn, or watching, motionless, from the thick feliage of the fir-trees ?overhead. Stand here a moment between the laurel bush and the old apple tree, in the shade of the dark yew that over hangs the ruined walls. Presently among the close growing leafage of one -of the old firs beyond the house, there is a sudden movement. A squirrel descends from his green sanctuary, pausing a moment on a level bough to look round before settling to his dinner. He looks hard this way. He seems a little doubtful. He waves his tail to and fro a few times after the manner of hi* race when not quite sure that all is safe. But seeing no isign of Move ment, he settles down upon the branch, curls his broad brush comfortably over his back, holds up a fir cone in his tiny I paws, and begins to tear away with his I sharp teeth the hard structure of it. ie fragments patter down like hail among the bouglis, and the white wings of the seeds, glistening as they turn over and over, sail a long way before they fall. Again there is a rustle in. the firs. Another squirrel appears ; goes head first, heller skelter, rattling down the tree to forage among the dead leaves below. The screen of his happy hunting ground in the beech tops is all down. There are few leaves left to hide his russet coat. But the bark of the fir trees, whose warm red lends a light like the glow of sunset to the dull December air, matches him perfectly. He is back in his tree again, but he has caught sight of danger. He uttere a shrill cry, almost a scream. There are few woodland sights more comical than this of an angry squirrel. Watch him now, ierk ing his tail from side to side, stamping his little feet, barking now and then in sharp, impatient tones. What was that other sound directly overhead ? Just above the tree tops — so near, in deed, that their long bills are plainly 6een__sails a troop of curlews on their way down to the shore. A moment later the whistle of a plover follows them, the bird himself unseen. Again there is silence. No sound but the wind, the rattle of bare ash branches, the murmur of the unquiet sea. But not for long. A choruR of faint notes among the trees below draws nearer »nd nearer, growing louder every moment. Now there is a bRbel of small voiies on -every side at. once. The air is frill of life and movement. Every bough and bush, even the branches close overhead, are full of active little figures— coaltit and gold crest and oxeye, and long tailed tits most -»f all, a perfect swarm ol them ; chattering all the while in low -sweet tones, searching the boughs, the bark, the fallen leaves ; no corner '»r crevice unexplored. They pass on. Their cheery voices grow fainter and ^ then cease. The squirrels, too, have vanished. The jays are long since silent. There is stillness everywhere. No sound is audible but ' the slow song of the sea,' the wind of winter stirring softly in the Scotch firs, as Like mourners shrinking from the dead, They stand apart and sigh. Healthy Bkdeooms. — Plainly fur nished bedrooms are the best for health (a medical writer observes). Dust-catchers of every kind shoald be banished from the sleeping-room— woollen carpets, large or heavy nigs, and thick draperies from the windows. The furniture should be of willow or cane, and not upholstered. A sleeping room furnished in this way, and thoroughly aired every day, has hone of the stuffiness of the ordinary bedroom. l!» freshness and clean liness invite to sound, healthy sleep. 