1A0RMMB HO ! 1 COP VRtGtlT.l Natures Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY A TEA WESTBURT. CHAPTER 1L— Continued. Lifting the uufortunatc shred of paper again, Howe saw that the portion torn swav was that containing the advertise ment offering the reward of £500. " It was natural that lie should seek to destroy it," thought Howe. Then lie remembered Yaue's singular melancholy, his long reveries, those broken dreams and sudden exclamations. They were all explained now. What had he done ? Of what crime had he been guilty? Was jt murder? The thought was horrible to be the bosom friend of a man who, perchance, had the stamp of Cain upon him. To live in the same tent, to cat. talk at the same board together as if that secret had not been I The doubt was in itself more than mere pain to the mind of the cultured young Englishman. What then should he do? Give him wp — send information to Melbourne ? " No !" Fenton lay back in his chair, a light glaring in his eyes. " Not mine the finger to be pointed at him," he said. 41 Of whatever he he guilty, I cannot for get that t'was he who nursed me back from the threshold of death to life. Judge not. So be it." One day when the young Englishman had grown well and strong, and while the Titori Valley rang with the sound of hammer aud pick arid cradle, Vane came into the tent where his comrade was pre paring the mid-day meal, with a pale face and a staggering gait. "Yon are ill, dear Vane," cried his friend. 44 No. Let me rest quietly a moment," aud when he had rested he said, " shake hands, Howe. Fortune has smiled upon us at last." The young digger stares at his mate in nervous excitement without a word in reply, but there came an idea into his mind that Vane is in one of bis moods again. For long and weary months these two men have fought a stern light with for- tune for a slice of her favors. With that feverish hope, which gives us both strength and courage to gold-seekers, they had toiled and endured privation of ao ordinary kind. Diggers each side of them, and round aud about them had found tbe precious ore almost without an effort, but to them, work as they might, success seemed to mock at them. Fortune had come at length, however, .as Vane had said, and, morever, had showered her favors in such valuable quantity and quality on our two friends that from henceforth they need toil and moil aud starve no more. ' Then Vane told how he had found a prodigious nugget — found it at the point of his pick when about to leave work for dinner — a huge lump of shining gold, which taxed all his strength to remove from its bed. No one on tbe field knew that such a treasure had been unearthed until the Bank of Auckland had it safe iu their possession. Nor was this all ; the claim which bad yielded such a deposit of the precious metal must perforce be a valuable one, and so it was sold at a good figure, which added So swell the fortunes of lucky Vane and his comrade. Within a month they had decided to leave tiie diggings, and return again to a civilized stite of existence. Both were quite satisfied with their experience on tue Titori Valley. " What a human hive it is," said Fen- to«, glancing rouud at the seething crowd. "Toil, to:l, toil, without respite, as if gold alone could sreure happi ness." 44 Ob, it is a fine thing to turn philoso pher wheu the stone is fouud," responds Vane, laughing. 44 After all money is the great fetish in this age, and there is a verv good excuse for those who bow down and worship it. What can be done with out money ? You and I, Howe, without gold were subject to much privation and Buffering. To-day the case is reversed. Ergo ! we are philosophers, and are lifted out of the Slough of Despond because we have some thousands of pounds at our bankers." 44 Gentle, cynic," cries the other. Was it your love of wealth which kept you were herding with these wretches, many «f whom to my mind are scarcely superior , to -dumb brutes. " " No," answers Temple Vane in a sub dued tone. " Men of my temperament must do some kind of work for their soul's sake ; the harder the better for me. I dread drifting back again to the idle ex istence which rules in the fashiohable world. Work, work is my salvation," Howe smiles. " I'm afraid the fashion able world would not be pleased if it heard you, my friend. It has used you very scurrily, no doubt." " Wrong, sir ! Try again," cried Vane, good humouredly. 4 4 The world, fashion able or otherwise, uses a man neither bet ter nor worse than he uses himself. In deed, a great teacher has likened mankind to a looking glass. Smile, and they give back a smile ; frown, and a frown is re turned to you with interest. They left the valley and took up their abode at Tauranga, thirty miles distant, purchased what they required for the nonce in the way of clothing, then called in the aid of a solicitor to arrange their , joint monetary affairs. Tauranga, on the Bay of Plenty, is one f the chief beauty spois in the whole of Macriiand, and here the two friends spent some weeks, shooting, fishing, and boat ing. It had appeared a mutual point between them that mention should pot be made of parting. Hitherto, lack of money had been the strong link which bound Vane and Fenton Howe together. New they were wealthy. Vane, at least, expected that his comrade would hasten his return home again, but Fenton Howe seemed iu no hurry to depart. On a certain lovely night after dinner, and while the pair enjoyed their cigars, Temple Vaue broke silence on the sub ject. 44 When do you intend going home, my dear Howe ?" he said. Dear Howe takes the cheroot from be tween his teeth aud laughs. " You want to be rid of me, Vane ?" he answers, presently, with just the ghost of reproach in his voice. "I, not so ; only you have nothing flow to -detain yon in New Zealand." " Haven't I, though. Do you forget we promised Te Hunna.,the friendly chief, to pig hunt with him on Thursday on tiro ranges : besides, 1 have really something <to do ere 1. leave this laud of peaks gpd fcwamp, my dsar Vaoe." Ah, going to take some Maori curios to your friends in Yorkshire, I suppose," with a sigh. 4 'Perhaps," responded Howe, after a pause. 44 By the way, did I ever mention Co you having brought with me a couple of letters of introduction to one or two families hereabouts when I arrived from England?" 44 No. I am not aware of it." 44 Well, such is the fact man ami ; only I confess I felt somewhat constrained to present them while — while — " ' While you were poor, eh ?" suggests Vatic. 44 Just so. I could not go en deshabile to the people whose names I have men tioned." 44 You have not mentioned any names yet," cries Vane, interrupting. 44 True, old fellow. Let me see," and Howe fumbles in the recesses of his pocket book, and draws forth two very tattered missives. 44 You have heard of Major Weldon, of Pinefalls," he says. Temple Vaue stares, and his face be comes very grave as he replies in a low tone, 4 yes, I have heard the name. Tiie Major is tbe owner of Pinefalls Sta tion, I believe." "Exactly. Te Hnnna (ells me that the homestead is not more than a day's ride from Tonga's Peak yonder, and that Pine- falls is a lovely place, and well worth a visit." Vane does not reply immediately, but ' sit3 puffing at his cigar and staring away seaward, for it is a moonlight night par excellence, the soft clear canopy overhead as clear almost as day. 44 Who are your friends mentioned in the other letter, Howe ?" he asks, pre sently. " Major General Sir George Asliford, of "Glencourt" on the Patea River. The estate almost adjoins 44 Pinefalls,"' and there is a — " Fenton Howe breaks off suddenly, for he sees an awful pallor come quickly into the face of his friend. 44 Vane, you are ill ? What is it, dear friend ?" he cries, rising. 44 It is nothing," mutters Vane, tossing his cigar away. 44 1 am not much of a smoker, ana that weed is a very bad one, that's all. You were saying — " 44 Look here, Vane," says the young Englishman, abruptly, laying his hand ou the other s arm, and which causes his friend to look attentively at him. 44 See here, old fellow, we have suffered much together, you and I, and I feel I have some right to know what makes you so uioodly betimes without any apparent cause. Dounot you trust me ? . I am a gentleman, and, moreover, I do not re quest you to confide in nie, out of mere idle curiosity. I must remind you that you saved my life, aud i am longing to pay my debt with interest." Temple Vane laughs. 44 My dear Howe, you are full of crochets to-night. Be lieve me, there's nothing the matter be yond a fit of indigestion. Melancholy usually marks me for her own, after din ner. I feel I am not much of a com panion for you al any time, but I have done my best not to bore you altogether when these fits are upon mc. If, as you say I have done you a service, yon" can repay me by having compassion on an unfortunate dyspeptic by altogether ignor ing bis oddities." 44 1 will try. Vane," replies Howe, with an impatient gesture 44 But answer me one question — were you ever in doubt ?" 44 About whom ?" 44 Auy of your friends, for instance.'" 44 Make the question a personal one, and say Fenton Howe." 44 Very well. For example — say you had a doubt respecting Fenton Howe — ttiac he was not what he seemed — a scoundrel for instance, or may be some- thins: worse." 44 It is not possible I could fancy my friend a scoundrel." 44 Bat if you had a tormenting doubt that he was ?" cries the other in persistent tones. Temple Vane turns his pale face to wards the speaker with a shade of sur prise in his grave eyes. 44 Doubt has slain some of the noblest of mankind," he says, softly. 44 The glorious intellect of the immortal Shakespeare gathered all the forces of its potent power to create a Desdemona. Why? To show that doubt in the person of the noble Moor, cruelly murdered her. Doubt is one of the most terrible weapons in tbe armory of the principle of evil. It do- s not kill in fair and open conduct, but crawls like a midnight thief to its victim. Had I a doubt respecting my friend, his actions should be both judge and jury, aud he should stand or fall op these alone with me." 44 You are right, Vane, give me your hand," and Fenton Howe's eyes are moist with emotion. That night Vane lay awake tormented with troubled thoughts, but the young Englishman slept' well, and dreamed of the pig hunt on the morrow. CHAPTER III. a iug hunt. The native settlement of Maketu, on the Bay of Plenty, Tauranga, consisted of about fifty wharves, the walls and the roof being built of a thick substance called Ki Ki, which is manufactured from the native flax, aqd is impervious to the fierce and constant winter rains. These huts are scattered over a fine patch of clearing about three hundred acres jq extent, and sheltered by the Tonga Peak Mountain. The place swarmed with dogs of al most every kind of mongrel : and the pack came barking and snarling round the heels of our two friends, Howe and Vane, as they made their way through the village the morning following the events of our last chapter. Te Hunna, the Maori chieftain, came forth to meet them, clad in his hunting toga of brown mica flax, his head adorned with a large toho feather. The Maori was surrounded by twenty of his warriors, all ready aimed for the fray. Tauranga swarms with wild pigs, and a pig hunt is a favorite pastime with tbe Maori when he is not at war with his neighbors or the Pakehas. The native uses neither horse nor hound in this pastime ; indeed, tfie roclfy coun try where the porkers are mostly found, will not admit of it. A11 that is required arc sound lungs and a swift pair of heels. After partaking of the chiefs hospi tality, which was ndt much to the tastes of the youug men, the party, with several dogs, headed for Tonga Peak, where game was to be had in pleuty. 'Temple Vane and Iris companion were both armed with a double-barrelled rifle, aud most of the Maories carried fowling i pieces. It proved no child's play toiling up the st' ep side of the mountain, where there was no regular path, save that made by tlje Maories with their tomahawks. Close on noon tfie parly emerged upon a patch of thick scrub, and hqrp the chief called a halt. Dividing his men into two | divisions the Maori dispatched one part to' the eastward, and turning to Vane and Howe ne pointed out a clump of gigantic kauri pines, and gtre word to adranw, As we drew near the spot indicated the 1 country surrounding became broken and irregular. Hugh kauri pine trees, some rising to a heigth of one hundred and sixty feet, grew almost side by side, with thick coils of the New Zealand creeper- supple jack — carled and entwined about their broad trunks and branches, and descending thence to the ground again like ropes dangling from the spars of a stranded ship. At length tliev entered a flat space where tiie undergrowth was very rank and luxuriant. Hero tho chief halted, and directed our two friends to accompany two of his men to a spot lower down. One of the warriors could speak a little English. 44 You know how to catch pig ?" said he to Howe. 44 No ; I have never taken parr in a pig hunt before." 44 Ah, Pakeha soon see." He dived suddenly into a thick copse of ferns, and laying down upon his face, began making a succession of grunts and squeaks so imitativcly true to the noises made by the porcine species that Vane instantly brought his gun to his shoulder for a shot. The Maori laughed a queer noiseless laugh at the Pakeha's mis ake, and again repeated the sound?. 44 Pig, him sly fellow ; smell Pakeha," said the savage, with a grin. 44 Maori more sly than pig. Him no like Maori, not a little bit. Maori fond of pig." And he laughed again, but no sound fol lowed. Vane and Howe crouched down beside their swarthy companions for some time, when gradually they became cognisant of a low rustling sound some distance away. The Maori ceaSed his mimicry, and looked up with an intelligent glance. Presently the sounds grew nearer, ac companied by hoarse grunts, and im mediately five or six full grown pigs, headed bv a fierce-looking boar with long projecting tusks, came branding forth, and. breaking cover at the sight of the hunters, fled swiftly out into the more open bush land, and in a line almost with the cliief and his men. Here one of tiie dogs broke from the party, and the frightened pigs, catching sight of him, wheeled half round, and scampered away in another direction. Tally-ho ! The chase began. Pakehas, Maories, and dogs were in full cry. Over fallen logs, and over deep creeks and gullies went the game, screaming with rage and fright. Tha dogs, with gaping mouths, stretched tllfcni selves out after their prey ; while the Maories, in frantic delight, leaped high iu the air, uttering their terrible bat'le cry, their features distorted, and clearing space with tlieir tomahawks at every bound. Tally-ho ! over boulders, massive and fantastic in shape, aud standing like huge giants to bar the pursuers course ; over sharp jutting rocks and across deep chasms, where one false step would have been sudden death, Maori and Pakeha running aud shouting, yelling and laugh ing, tlieir breath going and coming in short gasps, each is striving who shall be first in the exciting race. Tally-bo 1 through swamps and bog went the grunters for dear life, their long snouts covered with foam, tlieir hair bristling like qnills upon the fretfnl por cupine. The swiftest dog was within a few feet of the hindermost porker when the boar turned at bay, and with one sweep of his sharp tqsks inflicted a wound which totally disabled tbe poor brute. Onward yet ! The chase is now going at a slower rate, and the dogs are fast gaining on their pray. Te Hunna is lead ing the van, and seems to have plenty of 44 stay " in him yet ; Vane is uext, strug gling like a second Deerfoot for the lead ; Howe is half a mile away in the rear, puffing and blowing like a whale, and gesticulating like a madman. Tally-ho ! A Maori pig hunt is a fine thing to test the soundness of one's lungs. At the bottom of a deep ravine the pigs were ruq down, and the final struggle be tween tbem and tbe dogs took place. One courageous brute, a large dingo, seized the boar by the throat, aqi in spite of several wounds held on to his prey until To Hunna came up, who, with one' blow of his keep tomahawk, split the boar's skull in twain. Another dog caught a porker by the ear, and there ! held him until he was secured and finally despatched by one of the Maories. A fine plump pis tried to hide itself behind a mass of rock that opened out to the hill above, but Temple Vane brought him down with a clever shot that won the goodwill of the chieftain. After the pigs had been despatched the SfaopieS lfled and dragged them to the creek dose by, Vfhepe tjipy lyofp thorough ly cleansed. The butchering then began, and Howe noticed the Maories carefully examined the liver of each pig. He enquired the cause, and was informed that a filthy disease is prevalent among the wild pigs of the Northern Island, and that the only way of detecting those diseased is by sundry white spots over the snrface of the liver. A great crowd awaited us at the Maori village on our return with the game. Te Hunna insisted on Vane and his com panion dining with him off the spoil, and remaining with him at the Hapu that night. To give the dinner more tone the chieftain sent an invitation to the mission ary of the place — Hasker Bell — who joined the party forthwith, together with liis assistant, Burke &rady; by qatpe, arid the smallest, yet, withal, the merriest and most antic sprite for an adult in the colony. His brogue was most refreshing, and his stories both original and laugh - able in the extreme. This comical little joker kept the com pany in excellent humor until 1 he small hours of morning, and when it was day he proposed tq stiow our friends the Hot Springs in the vicinity. The offer " was accepted by our two friends, who, after they had indulged in the luxury of a plunge into the river and had breakfasted, started off to Orak Hini on foot, accompanied by Burke Brady, who acted as guide, together with Mr Bell and Te Hunna. A dense fog lay upon the Waikato as they started ; they had several miles to walk, but before they had completed their journey the thick mist had vanished beneath the beams of the sun, aud now, what a sight. In switt course, forming rapids after rapids, the Waikato was plunging through a derp valley between steep rising mountains ; its floods, whirl ing aud foaming round two small rocky islands in the middle of the river, were dashing with a locd uproar through the defile of the yalley. Along its banks white clouds of steam were ascending from hot cascades falling into the river, and from basins full of boiling water shut in by a white mass of stone. Yonder a steaming fountain was rising and falling ; now tln re sprang from wiotfier place a second fountain ; this also ceased in its turn ; tiien to com menced playing simultaneously, one low at tbe river bank, and the other op hite open ft teroWf And thus the play continued with endless changes, aB though experiments were being made with grand waterworks to see whether the waterfalls had a sufficient supply. Howe began to count the places where a boiling water basin was visible, or where a cloud of steam indicated the existence of such, but they became so intermingled within his vision that he was unable to survey them accurately. The region of springs extends along the river a distance of about a mile on both bank?, the larger portion of them beiug situated unon the right bank. It is, however, difficult of access, since the rapid stream cannot be passed close by the springs themselves, but only far above or below, and then it would be necessary (o climb along the steep sloping river banks, covered with dense undergrowth, where the traveller, upon a soil totally softened by hot vapours, would be every moment in danger of sinking into boiling mud. The party were obliged to content themselves with a closer inspection of tho springs situated on tiie left river bank. Tiie largest is called by the natives Puia-Te-Muai, and is close by the bank of the river. The manner in which they practically experienced the intermittent properties of this fountain proves sufficiently how much caution is necessary iu approaching such springs for the first time. Burke Brady, disdaining the warning of Mr Bell, and wishing to enjoy the luxury of a bath, plunged into the stream, when suddenly loud detonations were heard, and they saw th'e water madly boiling up in a basin close by. Brady started back again in terror, and gained the bank just in time to escape a shower bath of boiling water, for now, amid hissing and roaring, a steaming water column was being ejected from the basin in aslantiug direc tion, and to the height of about twenty feet When the shower had subsided we 'stepped up to the basin and found it empty, and were able to look down to a depth of eight feet into a funnel shaped, gradually contracting aperture, from which steam escaped with a hissing noise. Gradually the water rose again, and after the lapse of a few minutes the second eruption took place. Orakhini proved very interesting to them, apart from the many material curios in its neighborhood. Through the influence of Mr Bell and Te Hunna, they had an opportunity of witnessing the Maoriss at work, making rugs and mats. Tiie flax plant grows most abundantly in every part of the Waikato. To the native it lias proved the most useful plant in the whole vegetable kingdom, both socially and pecnuiarly ; from it the Maori builds and ornaments his whare, manufactures his clothing, and it is also one of the best paying commodities of barter between him and his Pakeha brother. lis growth is very rapid, the stalk shooting to a height of ten to twelve feet, the apex being crowned by pale yel low blossom, which has a pretty appear ance while in flower. In a valley to the rear of the settlement we found the Maories employed on a plantation of flax. He-'e were a dozen dark forms of both sexes squatting in a clnster cutting down tbe broad blades ; others were conveying it in bundles to a third party seated on the bank of the river ; the latter were engaged splitting the leaf and stripping off t te inner fibre with mussel shells — a rather peculiar and dexterously managed process, almost impossible for any but the Maories themselves to execute with suc cess. The fibre produced from the leaf is white in color, and is remarkably s >ft and silk- like to the touch. Burke Brady took a leaf of it to make a whip for a Maori child ; he cut it across, and then stripped off the inner fibre by merely pressing the end of his thumb along it. The missionary informed thein that the soft substance thus produced is called niuka, and when dried and assorted is used in making the most luxurious mats and native apparel. 44 But you shall see them at work in the Kaitaka whare," said he, leading the way to a long shed situ ated on the rising ground above the flix bash. This building was close upaq a hundred feet long, with a corresponding width, and coqtajuad about fifty native women and girls in groups of five and six, husily employed in the various stages of rug- making. Here were a group platting the parcra . a very common mat, only used as floorcloth. The material used was com posed of unscraped flax split into narrow bands and closely woven together. When fiuished it presented a glossy straw-like appearance. They also make the whole paraphernalia of plates and dishes iu use at the Hapu out of the same substance. The next party were engaged on the horo. This was manufactured with scraped flax, the machine used for the process somewhat resembling a harp After it carqe from this rqde appliance the mat was ornamefited with various dyed tags. The dyes of different colore are obtained with little trouble from the bark of trees in the vicinity. "The r"g mat most valued by the Maories," said the missionary, 44 is the Kaita." This is woven of the very finest white muca, and is nut sullied by any tag or ornament, except a border about a foot in width of a different color. The border is black as a rule, except when the sets of parallel zigzag lines and the spaces be tween them .ire left white, thus forming a beautiful article. Speaking a few words in the Maori language to a grey-headed old cliief who accompanied ihcm, Mr Bell conducted them to a tier of shelves, screened by tfiiek mats, at the other end qf tfie vyhare. If ere i\:e.rqpile<f up cqstly rugs and dresses, fancy articles in mat- tiug, and % host of brilliant colored trifles intended for the Auckland market. The chief unfolded one splendid rug that es pecially attracted their attention. It was as large as oue of our railway wrappers, dyed black, and with a soft velvet like shade, its only ornament a white circle iu the centre, about the sie of a dinner plate, Howe held it in his hands admir ing its beauty, when Brady, who was standing at his side, seized hold of it, and throwing it over his puny form, strode majestically up and down the ehed like a stage king. The Maories, as a rule, rarely indulge iu laughter, but the antics of this lively comrade set them chuckling from left to rigfit. 44 Arrah I wouldn't I make a purty monarch, wid a throne of gold to sit on, and a togay like this about me, an' all the natives of the Waikato for my subjects, for by the whole of those hussies hero for my wives, eh ?" exclaimed Brady, with a broad grm wrinkling his rough face from brow to chin, aud strutting to and fro after the inauner of a peacock with out spread tail. Mr Bell tried to look grave, but couldn't manage it, and so foil to laugh ing until he was almost convulsed. "Troth, I'd be a merry king, ma bouchal 1" continued Brady, with just the glioit of pent up roguery gleaming from his eyes. I'd bundle some of them spal peens aivay down to the city of Auckland for a canoo full of whisky, an' the fust blackguard that gaye in ficfore he emptied the third bottle, begorra I'd sentence him to marry the ugliest ould hyena about .the place,— To be Qwsavto, MB, 2 