II. There's nothing like light for dispelling superstitious i terrors. Pallinghurst Manor-house was fortunately N supplied with electric light; for Mrs Bouverie-Barton t was nothing if not intensely modern. Long before f Rudolph had finished dressing for dinner, he was ' smiling once more to himself at his foolish conduct. Never in his life before-at least, since he was twenty -had he done such a thing; and he knew why he'd done it now. It was nervous break-down. He had been over-working his brain in town with those I elaborate calculations for his Fortnightly article on "The Present State of Chinese Finances;" and Sir ~. =,., Doyd, the famous specialist on diseases of the nervous system, had earned three honest guineas .cheap by recommending him "a week or two's rest and change in the country." That was why he had accepted Mrs Bouverie-Barton's invitation to form part of her brilliant autumn party at Pallinghurst Manor; and that was also doubtless why he had been so absurdly frightened at nothing all just now on the common. Memorandum: Never to over- work his brain in future; it doesn't pay. And yet, in these days, how earn bread and cheese at literature without over-working it. He went down to dinner, however, in very good spirits. His hostess was kind ; she permitted him to take in that pretty American. Conversation with the soup turned at once on the sunset. Conversation with the soup is always on the lowest and most casual plane; it improves with the fish, and reaches its culmi nation with the sweets and the cheese ; after which it clines again to the fruity level. "You were on the barrow about seven, Mr Reeve," Mrs Bouverie-Barton observed severely, when he spoke of the after-glow. "You watched that sunset close. How fast you must have walked home ! I was almost half afraid you were going to be late for dinner." Rudolph coloured up slightly; 'twas a ginlish trick, unworthy of a journalist ; but still he had it. " Oh, dear, no, Mrs Bouverie- Barton," he answered gravely. "I may be foolish, but not, I hope, criminal. I know better than to do anything so weak and wicked as that at Pallinghurst Manor. I do walk rather fast, and the sunset-well, the sunset was just too lovely." "Elegant," the pretty American interposed in her own language. " It always is, this night every year," little Joyce said quietly, with the air of one who retails a well known scientific fact. "It's the night, you know, when the light burns bright on the Old Long Barrow." Joyce was Mrs Bouverie- Barton's only child-a frail and pretty little creature, just twelve years old, very light and fairylike, but with a strange cowed look which, nevertheless, somehow curiously became her. "What nonsense you talk, my child !" her mother exclaimed, darting a look at'Joyce which made her relapse forthwith into instant silence. "I'm ashamed of her, Mr Reeve; they pick up such nonsense as this from their nurses." For Mrs Bouverie-Barton was modern, and disbelieved in everything. 'Tis a simple creed; one clause concludes it. But the child's words, though lightly whispered, had caught the quick ear of Archie Cameron, the dis tinguished electrician. He made a spring upon them at once; for the merest suspicion of the supernatural was to Cameron irresistible. " What's that, Joyce ?" he cried, leaning forward across the table. "No, Mrs Bouverie- Barton, I really must hear it. What day is this to-day, and what's that you just said about the sunset and the light on the Old Long Barrow ?" Joyce glanced pleadingly at her mother, and then again at Cameron. A very faint nod gave her grudging leave to proceed with her tale, under maternal disapprobation; for Mrs Bouverie-Barton didn't carry her belief in woman's rights quite so far as to apply them to the case of her own daughter. We must draw a line somewhere. Joyce hesitated and began. " Well, this is the night, you know," she said "when the sun turns, or stands still, or crosses the t tropic, or goes back again or something." Mrs Bouverie-Barton gave a dry little cough. "The I autumnal equinox," she interposed severely, " at which, of course, the sun does nothing of the sort you suppose. \- We shall have to have your astronomy looked after, Joyce;. such ignorance is exhaustive. But go on with your myth, please, and get it over quickly." B "The autumnal equinox; that's just it," Joyce went 5 on unabashed. "I remember that's the word, for old Rachel, the gipsy, told me so. Well, on this day s every year, a sort of glow comes up on the moor; oh ! SI know it does, mother, for I've seen. it myself; and i the rhyme about it goes e Every year on Michael's night Pallinghurst Barrow burneth bright. I Only the gipsy told me it was Baal's night before it t was St. Michael's; and it was somebody else's night, y whose name I forgot, before it was Baal's. And the a somebody was a god to whom you must never sacrifice e anything with iron, but always with flint or with a stone hatchet." i Cameron leaned back in his chair and surveyed the e child critically. "Now, this is interesting," he said; y "profoundly interesting. For here we get, what is ;v always so much wanted, first-hand evidence. And o you're quite sure, Joyce, you've really seen it ?" "Oh I Mr Cameron, how can you ?" Mrs Bouverie 11 Barton cried quite pettisbly; for even advanced ladies r are still feminine enough at times to be distinctly e pettish. "I take the greatest trouble to keep all such 'e rubbish out of Joyce's way; and then you men of •. science come down here and talk like this to her, and d undo all the good I've taken months in doing." , "Well, whether Joyce has ever seen it or not," g Rudolph Reeve said gravely, "I can answer for it my ,, self that I saw a very curious light on the Long Barrow d to-night; and, furthermore, I felt a most peculiar o sensation." 1 "What was that ! " Cameron asked, bending over o towards him eagerly. For all the world knows that L- Cameron, though a disbeliever in most things (except , the Brush light), still retains a quaint tinge of Highland y Scotch belief in a good ghost story." s "Why, as I was sitting on the barrow," Rudolph )f began, "just after sunset, I was dimly conscious of e something stirring inside, not visible or audible, s but " .e "Oh, I know, I know ." Joyce put in, leaning forward, with her eyes staring curiously; " a sort of feeling that there was somebody somewhere, ve faint and dim, though you couldn't see or hear them they tried to pull you down, .clutching at you like thi and when you ran away, frightened, they seemed t's ab follow you and jeer at you. Great gibbering creature any Oh, I know what all that is ! I've been there and An "Joyce l" Mrs Bouverie-Barton put in, with imel warning frown, "what nonsense you talk! You really too ridiculous. How can you suppose y Reeve ran away--a man of science like him-from In t imaginary terror ?" ach "Well, I won't quite say I ran away," Rudol an answered, somewhat sheepishly. " We never do ad n these things, I suppose, after twenty. But I certain loye did hurry home at the very top of my speed-not the be late for dinner, you know, Mrs Bouverie-Barton hvel and I will admit, Joyce, between you and me only, hole was conscious by the way of something very mu~ever like your grinning followers behind me." Mrs Bouverie-Barton darted him another look orie intense displeasure. "I think," she said, in that chil ?" b voice that has iced whole committees, "at a table li "C this, and with such thinkers around, we might surel risk find something rather better to disscuss than such won ; out superstitions. Professor Spence, did you light up any fresh palmoliths in the gravel-pit this morning t' 