CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The Bishop of Adelaide (Dr._ Kennion) performed the consecration service at the Chapel of Ease of St John's Parish, Moore streec, on Thursday morning. Shortly after 10 o'clock the bishop and the accompanying clergy and laity proceeding to the west door of the church, where a procession was formed, the choir taking precedence, followed by the clergy, and then came the chaplin with the bishop in the rear, all of whom wore the robes of office. The prooession was received at the door by the officers of the church, where a petition was delivered to the bishop to conse crate the church. His lordship ordered this to be read, and then Dr. Kennion signified his consent to comply with the prayer of the petition. The bishop and clergy, with the churoh wardens, then proceeded up the aisle to the holy table, singing as they went Psalm xxiv. The bishop and his chaplains received the deeds of the church, which he laid together with the petition upon the holy table, Prayers for the ministers of the church, those who would subsequently be baptised and continued and others connected with the body were then recited, and then the sentence of consecration was read by the registrar, which, having been signed by the bishop, was ordered with the petition and other deeds to be duly recorded and registered in the diocesan registry. This having been done his lordship declared "the Church of St. Mary Magdelene to be conse crated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Archdeacon Dove then addressed the congregation and appealed to them to assist in sustaining the ohurch. A public social to the Revs. J. Thome and S. J. Martin was held in the Bible Christian schoolroom, Florence-street, Goodwood, on Wednesday evening. Mr. Joseph Ashton, circuit steward, presided over a representative gathering. The Chairman, the Rev. J. Rowe, Miss Merrotsey, Messrs. Culver, Isaac, and others, on behalf of the congregation, Sunday school, and society of Christian Endeavor, welcomed the incoming ministers, who heartily responded, Mr. Thorne referring to the early days of Goodwood and the beginning of their church enterprise there almost 16 years ago, as well as the useful labors of their late pastor, the Rev. IV. F. James. The proceedings were varied by songs from Miss Rowe and Mr. Reynolds, and a recitation by Miss Eiclc3. The committee of the Adelaide City Mission met in Stow Church classroom on Thurs day. There was present Messrs. J. M. Dowie (in the chair), D. Nock, C. Rogers, J. G-urr, J. J. Stuckey, and K. Evans, and Revs. F. W. Cox and C. H. Goldsmith, Pastors Abbott, Field wick, and R. K. Finlayson. Mr. Cox gave an interesting report of the work of the past month. The lady missionary (Miss Drummond) had returned from her holiday and resumed her duties; 113 visits had been paid to the homes of the poor, the mothers' meetings had been held, and many had re ceived articles of clothing and boots. The supply of secondhand clothing was much less than the demand, which increases with the cold of winter. An earnest appeal was therefore made to the public to remember the cold and shivering, and help to clothe them. Mr. Berry had paid 327 visits, and rendered temporary relief in several cases. Lower North Adelaide and the south-west portion of South Adelaide were the spheres of his labors. The Sunday school report was given by Mr. Kirkham Evans, who reported a marked improvement in the conduct of the scholars. The average attendance had been 121 scholars and 22 teachers. Mr. Eance, the superintendent of the Chinese classes, sent a favorable report stating that the Chinese had been much pleased in receiving lessons in dictation. The report of a sub-committee appointed at last meeting in reference to engaging another male missionary was presented. It was briefly this:—" We do not consider the present an opportune time to recommend the employ- | ment of another male missionary on account of the difficulty of obtaining funds for his support." The report was received and approved. I There wa3 a large attendance at the Port Adelaide Congregational Church on Thursday evening at a missionary meeting held in con nection with the London Missionary Society. The Rev. J. C. Ivirby presided. The Rev. T. Lord gave a very interesting description of missionary work in Madagascar, special re ference being made to the persecutions the early Christians in that island had to endure. The Rev. J. King then gave a graphic account of missionary labors in Polynesia, the lectures being illustrated by limelight views displayed by Mr. Shakespeare. On Thursday evening an entertainment was given in the Brompton Salvation Army Barracks, when there was a large attendance and Captain Tyler presided. The programme of vocal and instrumental numbers was success fully carried out by Sisters Trott, Kent, Rosenthall, and several of the soldiers. The Review of May 1 states that the Bishop and Mrs. Kennion leave for England on May 10. A report on St. Peter's Cathedral completion fund is published, which states that at the public meeting held at the Town Hall on April 16, 1890, "subscriptions and donations amounting to £10,903 19s. 4d. were announced. Subsequently, further subscrip tions and donations have been paid or promised, payable in instalments, and sums received for interest, etc., amounting to £4,446 2s. 2d., making a total of £15,350 Is. 6d. On St. Peter's Day, June 29, 1892, and Sunday, July 3, 1S92, golden offerings were made at the Cathedral, amounting to£1,023 ISs. 7d., bring ing the total up to £16,374 0s. Id. The sum of £1,100—part of this amount has been pro mised to be paid if £19,000 be contributed within four years from the opening of the sub scription-list. In the month of May, 1S90, a contract for the foundations of the extension was entered into, and £668 Is. 6d. has been paid on this account. Further contracts have been made for building the walls, first to the level of the plinth and afterwards to the level of the roof of the aisles, and £9,511 17s. has been paid on account, and there is still £118 18s. 9d. to be paid. A contract was also entered into for making an entrance and build ing a porch on the north side of the Cathedral, and £398 19s. 6d. has been paid in respect of it. Since the completion of the contract | for building to the level of the roof a few men have been employed at day worlc in carrying up the towers, and £102 lfis. 7d. has been paid to them. The general ex penses for printing, advertising, &o.; (including erection of staging at the laying of the founda tion-stone), have amounted to £150 2s. 7d., and the sum of £525 has been paid on account of the Cathedral lodge, making a total ex penditure of £12,18112s. lid. The treasurer has now in hand a sum of £118 2s. 8d.. and the iurther sum of £4,071 Is. 6d. has still to be paid on aoeount of the subscriptions pay able by instalments, but of this amount it is feared that £L,100, the amount of conditional promises, unless £19,000 be raised before May, 1894, and also £300 or thereabouts will not, from various causes, be received. The esti mated coat of the work now required to com plete the Cathedral sufficiently for use, in cluding part of the towers (but not the spires), is £11,000." It seems as if from want of help on the part of the railway and education authorities, and apathy on the part of the railway men, that the railway boys' home at Quorn, suggested and commenced by the Rev. A. E. Corner, would fall through. It is a pity that the men cannot see that it is for the good of their children to accept the benefits offered by the proposed scheme. The patronage committee of St. Michael's, in whose hands the sole power of appointment rests, have unanimously chosen the Rev. Albert Wyndham Clampett, M. A., as successor to the Rev. P. W. Samwell, who, amidst general re gret, leaves for the more important charge of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, on May 31. We havo every hope that Mr. Clampatt's ministry will, under God's blessing, be the means of building up our people upon their most holy faith, and his past experience in country parishes in this diocese will be a great help in supervising the work which has for some months past been carried on under the direction of our present energetic incumbent. The Lord Bishop will hold his last confirma tion before leaving for England at St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, on Sunday, May 7, at 3 p.m. The following personal items are taken from the Christian Weekly of May 5:—The Rev. C. T. Newman, general secretary of Home Mis sions, left this morning for the south-east on deputation work. He expects to De absent from town for a fortnight. The Rev. Richard Martin, of the British Conference, who has been visiting friends in Adelaide, left for Syd ney on Tuesday last. He proposes to return to Adelaide in a few months. Mrs. Robeits, the wife of the Rev. Yivian Roberts, of Magilh and their only son are dangerously ill of typhoid fever. The Rev. J. N. Mills, of Geraldton, West Australia, was, at the latest advices from Perth, seriously ill. The Rev. W. Carmichael, who was transferred by the last Conference to New South WaleB for mission work and appointed to a station in Fiji, was on Wednes day united in marriage to Miss Pollard, of Moonta, and yesterday left by the express train for Sydney and the mission field. Mr. Robert Kelly, father of Mr. J. R. Kelly, M.P.. and formerly an old and highly- esteemed official of our church in the Yankalilla circuit, but more recently connected with the Norwood Church, is seriously ill; his estimable wife also lies in a very precarious state. Mr. Jas. Cock, M.P., has been presented by a number of his constituents connected with the Homestead League, at Mount Gambier, with a purse of sovereigns in appreciation of his services in the last Parliament. Rev. W. G. Taylor, of the Centenary Hall, Sydney, will leave by the R.M.S. Orizaba for his trip round the world in aid of the movement to liquidate the debt on the hall property. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, of the West Central Mission, London, has, in consideration of "distinguished services in the field of educa tion," been invited by the Commissioner of Education of the United States Government to attend the special Congress of Education to be held in Chicago and to take part in its pro ceedings. He has also been placed on the list of honorary vice-presidents of the general con gress. Mr. Hughes, however, will not be able to visit America this year. On Saturday last the members of St. Peter's Church choir assembled at the choir vestry and presented Archdeacon French with a farewell address, accompanied by a gold cross. Mr. H. R. Eeuton, in a few well-chosen re marks, made the presentation and the arch deacon feelingly responded. 