PEOPIilS SAT Snys Despot Dibl>s " I really; think" " Our is nearly undod," ?' Our K-itierred emit is K oin K *? K ' nll; ." " Tlioagli Toui yo-.i have l)f*a splendid." S;.ys Tosn " Get out, we'll not say die." " Wliilo DiuT will do our bidding-" ?? What let JJeid in ? Oh no, not I." " You Giircly must bo kidding." '? Or Parkes jx-rhaps ? That would bo b:td," '? "Why, what am you afraid oa ?" " I'll justice take, and then my li?l," -" Attonii-y-Gesiernl Hoydon." That the Civil Service Superannua tion Viind will bo tho nest insolvent.'. That Mr G. C. Heydon will not bo Attorney-General for long. That ihcre is no truth in a report that " J:ick" Want, M.P., is a candi date,-w llio vacant throne of Hawaii. That- CopcJnud, M.P., is going to Armidale on Monday to see if ho has the ghost of a show of re-election. Tliat Mr Keid's description of the Premier at , " Dibbs tho Despot " will stick. That Mr W'ragge predicts, an ifussCil records the weather. For practical utility give us the first. Tliat it eeems easier to capture the Dora Dora blacks than it does to take I.obe^gula. That tho mad Indian with the empty pistol ivho wanted to sec tho Premier *; ust have been reading some of his ; /jeehes about bombshells. ; ~bnt sooner than be unpatriotic c.. "ugh to resign Mr T. M. Slaltery wiJ. *d administer half-a-dozen depart ments temporarily. 'That the Daily Telryapli is now what is known as "betwixt and be tween" in polities. That there will be a big discussion at the ammo' meeting of the Northern .Agricultural Association to-day. That the City Council do-e not meet when the weather is hot. That tho Evening JYctrs is taking the work of strengthening the British Niivy in hand. Jack Waynes, M.P., will probably now go to England and see that it is done. That the Sydney police are looking for an owner for seven bottles of wnics. Much easier to find a drinker for them. That they wonder whether Crick, "U.P. will bo as angry over the ''Wpooiiitnieiit "of Mr G. C. licydon as , i.i irncy-Gencral, as he was over that if Mr Barton. That thc-JCvnnii'y Jfrtrs is booming 3\. 11. lieid, M.P., for next Premier. Hut for this lie would stand a. very fair show. j^ That if the local paper is to believed, the subject of most ? in just now ia tlie respective beer-drinking capacities of the various countries in the world. That a Mr Agassiz, at "Wallabahah, !sas denounced the tcrgivirrxational tactics of the Government. It wauls l. sober man to Fay this. That reading in T .crlield just now 5s confined to "* jinnsanl report of the debate on Mr .Lee's motion for adjournment. That the Tamworth Obscrcer reliea upon avt Cicxar ant Xuttt!*. But surely this is a mistake. The proper motto of the Observer is ant Scissors ant JXtrlltis. That tho municipal carts were started to water the liiverell streets on Saturday but the job and the dust were too heavy and both had to be given up. That the ratepayers of Manly are rebelling against the lOs per 1000 feet charged by the 10-nl gas company ami are urging "the construction of municipal gas works. That the Active Service Brigade, the Mosquito club, and professional pugilists, axe now the potent forces at political meetings in Sydney. That in Tenterfielil they do not much care whether the British 2s?vy is in creased or not. "What they want is to see the Ilutton Shield. That the Armidale Express has liberal money views. It considers the £G a week paid to a, member of Parliament " a miserable allowance." That is more than the member does. That, according to the local paper, there are more shearers than sheep in the Walcha district. This has no reference to a race meeting, either. That the Armidale people think thjy arc just as well without a. water supply at present. The Armidale people are not singular, the inhabitants of Thibet do not wash themselves. That Black M.1 , ., lias given not half a bad description of O'Sullivan ' as ,r a political Bourbon from Quean beyan living on the recollections of ?would be democracy." That Signor Crispi has telegraphed to the lion. Tom Slattery to come and lielp him in the Italian political crisis. But Honorable Tom is doing too splendidly here to be spared for awhile. That Sir George Dibbs has the support of Crick M.1 , ., avd of tho 3luswelibrook Chronicle in his ]iolitiral action. This ougut to finally settle him. That directly parliament meets notice of motion will be given to place a sufficient sum on the csti mates to induce tho Ministry to retire. That if all who want to get into parliament offer themselves as candidates at the general election there will be very few voters. That they have to thank the Kciv castle Horning Herald for the in formation that Cindrella's real name was Khodope. In return they respect fully inform the ILernhl "that all historical doubts as to Queen Anne being dead are now supposd to be settled. That, according to a Charleslovvn correspondent of the Newcastle paper, the people there arc on the verge of starvation, and tho new cemetery is nearly completed. ''" idea, thus suggested is not a pie;'' ..c one. That even now Siminons' is tlio best place to get a good pair o£ boots.* 