The Mnclean tl host. ' ; \- :The drama ' which iras been enacted' by the ghost at Maclean was supposed to have ended in the capture of the individual called " Bill." On Tuesday night a pretty: girl, who dwells in a house which has beeii haunted by fearful appari tions, was startled by an uiiexpectei noiise The lady, who is aruied witli ...reyoiver fpriier: own coiiifort, quickly drew, the vvenpon ,aiid.-, fired at thoformi who she considered .to liu.a. inau. As I lie. projectile was discharged the ghost vanished iii to thin air. It must be noted that tlieiady in question is a keen sliot, .but perhups as lhe inoon was shining in all its splendor, the vision on the foresight of the weapon contracted the ghost smaller than a " hullseye," a. fact, which would prove the lady not to be a good markswoman- .'Even though the ghost .escaped with an :i neb of lllkl llfn titill.IlQ fAllirnail tf\ 1 L, a ilnturorAiie <ot\aiI , . i , ' y v uyu vi/, v iiy.u yj uuoi jopi/u) , us a number of .sundry . bags; were . found on the verandah next morning, a fact which; proved that the .ghost . had .occupied; comfortable .compart ments during.the.. night. The;, real i ghost iniglit ; ho discovered one of . .these days. Tbo- police ,6eein.to. be . .under. :the ; impression >'rbat:"iill the ..Inin.bls is as shadowy as tlie -distant splendor of . High Brazil, as they are otherwise 'eiigagSH at night, .tiine than, tracking ghosts: Tli'e!'young lady -thinks they with aviiftle practice; Wfie'n: the moon is; not So 'bright;' she vvilf be nbld td'fetch : tiie, ghost. ; At all eveii'.s tlie ghost ,'if h'e fcrgots liis rfiality one of these niglilsy s'iaii'ds a bad show . unlesH the lady Iiecomeslhighly nervous. ' This' is the hist phase of the- Macleaif gluisi,- \yii6 no doubt will develop into an ugly reality. ..Ti''wds reported in a Sydney journal a' few days Agoithat :> llie pojice had made several arrests on " general principles," but it is much of a puzzle tiiat. the police do not seem over anxious to ..catch, tiie ghost, for reasons, perhnps, best kiiowu totliein- selves. And if the police would descend from general'' to -"pari icu 1 nr'' pri nciples,' they would not have far to go'to' catch the mysterious dis. tnrber! of -a jbkceful hoiiie.-4- Gi'a/toh Grip. 