[?] -. r - oirArmi xxix. : -:- PitiLir Desmond thought-dooply and " long over . .that spoooh of Constance, Marlowe's. It was wondorful what- powor tlicro1 seemed to->bo s in it, and whnt n vnriotv-of small - oxnlanutions wns convoyod in it. : . Somothing . on hor mind !. Sorao- thing-on hor mind ! ' Tho- words ranin -his-, bond' nnd' danced boforo liis oyos. : 'Somothing on/hor mind, ' on tho mind of hiswifo, bis child lovo, liis bolovod. \- His own inind was torturod by tho , thoughts tlint cmno to: it so quiokly. : At ono momont: n .hot nngor, ft suddon, . nn linexpoclod jealousy Unshod through it, tlion ns suddon a tondornoss.: Ho wont-into his smoking-room as soon ns ho was woll nrrivod. at Court- : Hftlfl nnd linrrnn nnninir 11a nnd dmvn slowly. Oonstnnco : might wolh congratulate liorsolf :on . hor : first. " coup,", it had. boon subtle, but suro— -it wns a lunstorpioco. Sho ' hnd not imagined it would havo so good nn offoot. Ho thought and thought for a long timo, nnd thon ho all at onco lit a oignr, and ns tho fumes of his favour ite wood . floatod about him, ho grow soothod, nnd his thoughts bocamo softor and plonsnntor. ' "What n fool I ntn, ns if my littlo. ono could linvo anything to worry hor. Why, sho comos to mo if alio has n pin sorntoh; and must noods lot,- mo Idas t.ho plnoo to- mnko it woll. Troublo,. worry. Bnhi- it is. tho fog; nnd too many Into hours.' : - Ho smokod on until' his oignr wns finishod, nnd ns ho throw nway tho ond, ho folt considerably hotter. ' All tho snmo, I shall soo into this matter. Porhnps there is Bomo , small thing :.whioh' is troubling, tho » ohild, nnd slio. doos not . like to bring it to mo. I must conx. it out of . hor if I. find this to ho tho onso.' no'poppod his Iioad into Kit's room ns ho wont to dross for dinnor. ' How does my littlo ono liko hor now homo, I wonder ? ' ho nslcod in a light way. Kit -ran towards him liko a ohild. . . ' Wliaro havo you boon ? ' sho : nslcod, ns ho took hor into his arms. 'I wnntod to make my first tour with you, Philip. Oh ! I' lovo: Oourtfiold, what a donr old place ; I . tool lilco a , quoon horo. Just: fnnoy . all this bo- \- longing to mo. I don't think I shall onro to livo in Loudon , any. - moro. This ; will bo: tho most delightful homo, although 01iris7says thoro raust ho a ghost, of courso ' ' I'll ghost master Chris whoa I soo him.' " ' > Philip laughed. She wns so. bright in this momont. AH his thoughts and: doubts floatod away into tliin nir. Ho hold hor baok nnd lookod at hor onrofully. 'And how is tho hondnolio,' oh? Gono?' ; 'Quito gono,' Kit nnsworod with n smilo. Sho did indood fool hotter. The . frosli country nir, cold ns it was, with . a touoh of lcoou frost in it, had alroady invigorntod lior. Tho oxoitomont and Dloasuro of oiifnmnn lint InifthnrwVa aid . homo, whoro ho had boon born nnd had . . livod all his youug days, drove nwny for n timo tho hurdon of hor soorot trouble. Sho had flitted all ovor tho liouso in company with Chris, nnd had won honrty ndmirntion from tho sorvnnts gntliorod togothor to woloomo thoir master nnd mislross. Tho frosli breezy ntmosphoro, . tho clonr sky, tho big liouso, soomod to give hor oourngo nnd strength, nnd so it wns that sho throw off hor Inssitudo and silonoo, and glnddonod Philip's .oyos by hor roturu to lior old self. >"'Evon wlion ho showod hor n tolo- gfap'.'.from Mnurico, stating tho -hour ho and Sybil would nrrivo, Kit did not roljbso into hor nuxioty. Out of tho.chnos of hor troubled thought, ono idon had como — a dotorminntion. Sho would sponk frnnlcly and oponly to Mnurico, bIio would show him tho pain of tho position ho had so wrongly, so ungonorously forced upon hor, nnd sho would toll him straightforwardly that unless ho undortoolc to forgot tho past and all that had hnpponod — as bIio would try to do — sho must put everything boforo Philip, and dospito the sorrow that must be given him nnd Sybil, tho whole truth would be told, .. and the matter sottlod finally nnd for .ovor. Yos, tho moro sho thought ovor this, tbo moro determined sho wns to do it. Sho would ask n duty of Mnurico; .< moroovor, she would suggost that for a time, until memory had honlod tho : wound ho had iniliotod, that ho should . manage so that ho did not come into: . hor life so frequently ns ho was now doing. , (I am sure thoro is. good in- him— ,yos, I am suro of it,' tho poor child thought to liorsolf ns she stood boforo hor glass, and hor maid put tho finish ing touches to hor black dinnor dross. 'And whon I put ovory thing boforo him clonrly I think ho will bo truo to tliot good in him. Ho must know that tlioro enn bo nothing but sufloring for Sybil nnd for Philip if ho continuos to (lo ns ho in doing.' Tho comfort dorivod from this thought wns in hor fnco as sho do- scondod tho wido stnironso. A glorious vision of bonuty in lior black volvot- trniling skirts, with diamonds crowning bor ruddy gold hair and gloaming from about hor oodioo. . Chris, who was standing in tho hall, mado a mock salaam as . sho ap proached. . 'Hail Quoon of tho Zulus!' he oriod,. and tlion lio slouohod forward with his big awkward figure, and disolosod his tio hanging in two long strings. . ' VPloaso finish mo off,' ho saidi Kit put down hor fan and glovos, and standing on tho lowost step of tho stairs,' porformod hor usual task of fnstoning his tie. Junurioo comedown the stairs at this very momont, Sybil and ho hnd arrived whilo tho rest were dressing for dinnor. ' How good you nro to your friends, Lady Desmond !' ho said in a light; laughing fashion. Kit oolourod a littlo as slio saw hiin, but sho took great bonrt of . graco from: tho .ohnngo in his expression. It was tho first timo sho had soon him without that -honvy, moody loolc which had troublod Philip so muoh. ' Wolcomo to Oourtfiold, Captain Montgomery,'- sho sai'di : with 'the pretty assumption of dignity that ' yot - sat shyly upon hor.; : 'I hopo you aro .not vory. cold and that Sybii is not" tirod ?' ' ' Wo nro moro. than, comfortablo, ;I , nssiiro ' you, Lady Dosi'noiid,' then Maurico glnnood nt-tho tio; ', allow, mo to congrntulnto you on your talont. I had no idon you woro;'so oloyor.' ' ' Yoiirs of prnotioo on Clirio has hi'ouirht ino to this norfootion.' .- Kit smilod at lior old' play folio w, who wns looking , at Maurico- lcoonly,' -though Gaptniu' Montgomory was not 1 nwaro of llio scrutiny. . ' How inauy timos, I wondor, Chris, havo I mado you respectable for society ?' ' My momory is bad,' Chris said, and ho louugod off townrds tho farthest ond of tho hall, whilo Mnurico walkod with Kit up to tho firoplaco whoroi:a. hugo firo wns blazing in tho wido old- fashionod grato. : 'You nro ungrntoful !' . Kit had onllod laughingly after Chris, and Maurico had answered in a low , voico 'that was not. quite .steady - .' And . you nro au angol to your friends !' Tho girl stood silont a momont. Tho firelight danced and gleamed on hor ; graceful figuro; touohing ' hor dolioato throat and arms, and striking an answering firo from hor diamonds and lior oyos. Suddenly , sho lookod at him. / ' Why Bhould wo not bo frionds?' sho said, hor voico- oloquont with all that sho longod to mako. him undor- stand. : ' Maurico drow a doop breath. A moment boforo his good iufluoncos had boon at work within .him,;- and had workod so woll that ho had almost bo- oorao what Kit hopod sho should find liim ; hut, nt tho sight of hor bonuty, in tho nonr prosonoo of hor young lovolinoss and fnsoinntion, tlioso good influonoos i broke away and vanishod nltogothor. . ' Impossiblo !' was all ho said, but- that ono word onrried a volunio of moaning. : Kit turned palo and. tromblod a littlo, hut hor. oourngo did- not dosort hor. Alaurieo !' sho said quietly, ooldly,- ' I must sponk to yon. I liavo somo thing- to say to you. Somothing I caunot say now. Will : you listen to mo ?' . ' All my life,' ho nnsworod in a dog- god way, and with a -look in. his oyos tlint i almost warned hor of the hopo- lossnoss of tho task she had set hor-. self. Kit lnughod a littlo noi'vously. ' I- do not want so loug nn audienoo,' sho : said with . that self-contained powor and dignity which, maddened him beyond oxprossion. : ' I only -want linlf-an-houiv What I. liavo to Sav will , not in. faot tnko nearly so long. I promise not to horo you.' <: - Sho drow nway . suddenly from liim nnd from tho look in liis oyos. Hor honrt sank as sho askod liiin oasunlly' to follow hor into .-.'.tho drawing-room ; sho would mnko hor nttompt, hut bIio know for oortnin sho would fail. ' Ho will not liolp me, and it will linvo to bo open warfare. My- poor Philip and my poor Sybil !' she said to liorsolf. Chris, lounging at . tho bottom of tho hall, suddonly oallod out to hor. ' Can you como horo, 1 want to spoa's to you ?' ho nslcod. Kit turned baok at onco and Chris put his arm through liors and drow hor to a corner. 'Look horo, old girl,' ho said; in his rough boyish fashion. ' I want to ask you a groat favor !' ' It is granted,' Kit ropliod without any liositation. 'Wait till you hoar what it-is,'- Chris said, quiotly. He pausod. a mo mont thon ho gavo vont to his foot ings. 'Look horo!' his favorite ex pression. 'I know you think I am only : a hoy, and of. oourse I .am no good, but I- just want you to know that if I am a boy I ueod -not nooes- sarily be a fool, nnd-r— ' ... . 'Chris!' Kit was : regarding him with absolute astonishment. : Chris . loworod . his : voioo consider ably. ' . ... 'Look horo! I can soo as - far through a briok wall as most people, -nndT can soo that: you aro worrying yoursolf into ; fiddlostrings, and . all ovor somotliing to do with that stuck -up chap Montgomory. Now, Kit, I am your oldost friond, wo'vo stuck to oaoh otlior through thick and thin, nnd this is what I want to say. ,Tust ohuolc this troublo on to my shoulders, thoy aro biggor than yours, and I can moot a man bottor than yon.' ' Dear Chris ! ' thoro woro tours in Kit's oyos. Sho was dooply touched . ' Suppoao I any you nro right, supposo thoro is troublo, what own yon do ? ' ' I can puncli his head for him ordi narily speaking, but,' Chris spoko now with ronl gravity, ' but I know this is not that sort of worry, it's somothing biggor — you aro lotting it ohango all your lifo. I know you won't mind my saying all this because wo havo always spokon out our minds to ono anothor you nnd I — and so I sponk now, and it doos mo good. Look horo, Kit, if you won't lot mo know what tho bothor is for Heaven's sako don't koep nny thing from Sir Philip, ho is the right person.' 'Oh! I know — I know,' Kit oriod, with a return of nil the old anxioty, ' and so I would speak, Chris, but I oan't— you don't understand — you don t know. ' I am suro your husband must bo tho right person to go to in any troublo,' Chris nnsworod gontlv, 'and I think perhaps I do know and under stand bottor than you imagine. Any how; I havo my opinion about Captain Montgomory, and I call him n blnck- gunfd nnd coward — for two pins I'd tell him so to his faco, but I can't do anything unless you let mo sposk.' . Kit nnsworod nothing to this, for nt that momont Sybil camo down tho stairs, and sho ran to groot hor, but thorp was a distinct fooling of comfort as sho lookod back at Chris's, awkward figuro nnd honost faco and remem bered his staunch friendship. . Tho ovoning passed almost choorily, arid -Philip folt tho last remnant of hnxioty Blip away from him ns ho bo- heldi his darling smiling and happy with' a faint oolonr in her oheoks, and the light dooponirig and alibiing in. her o-IoriniiR nvnn. i ' ' It is n linppy onion for our futuro and our homo,'- lio thought. . . And oven whilo ho . thought this shadow was oloso at hand. - \- OlrAl'TEIl xxx. Christmas Day oame and wont.- It was pnssod vory quiotly but Tory plon- snntly on tho wholo. Kit knooling bosido lior- husband ill tho old- fashionod ohuroh, sent up an oarnost prayer for guidance, and for comfort in tho ono trial that. had como into hor gront, hor wondorful- happiness. Though thoro wore no festivities in tho Iioubo party,- Sir Philip doterminod not to doprivo tho sorvnnts of their usual gnioty on Boxing Day. Tho. groat hall was turned for tho nonoo into a ball-room, ond tho servants flocked thithor for thoir annual dance. Kit had: to open tho hall with tho butlor, and Sir Philip took tbo plump liousokoopor, and tho root of tho party scattered thoinselvos impartially among tho domestics. Nothing inoro had bapponod bo- twoon Kit nnd Mnurico. -Tlioro had boon no opportunity for tlio convorsa-: tion sho hnd dosirod, and,dudaod;--tlio girl was beginning to doubt if sho would follow out this movo at all. Maurice's oasy manner, and tbo roturn to his old gonial self gavo lior a sort of falso idea that perhaps tlioro would bo no nead of drastic measures aftor nil, and yot ovory now and then, as sho caught sight of his eyo, she folt the liopolossnoss of this thought." -But Bho had dotorminod to : orush down all tho wonknoss that liadv besot lior. in tho boginning, and sho dotor minod, moroovor, to face the difficulty without flinching. : Sho was vory sick at .heart.-- some times -wlion sho saw tlio affection Philip lavished on Maurioo, nnd how hor.husbaiul would lot his . hand rest oil tlio young man's shouldor in a way that spoke of friondship nud, love. The contompt she folt for Maurioo dooponod nnd grow, and .at -moments sho lashed, herself, with - this samo Boorn.- .' AVhy did I not toll Philip nil ? I am no bottor than that man. I am a traitor to tlio bost and most honour able being in tlio world ! ' -Constance watohod-them narrowly. Sho was not at. all pleased with Maur ico ; instoad of accepting .her as an ally ho avoided hor. - -SI10 folt. : now and thon, far from sure of him, for, after nil, thoro was moro! good in Maurioo thnu tlioro was in her, and sho know that ho had moments whon tho bost of his manhood arose and fought -against, tho . wiokoduess sho was bo determined to soo oarriod out. Sho had said nothing moro to Philip siuco that remark in tho -train. - Sho was waiting for tho futuro to dovolop. Onoo during tho sorvnnts' hall tho liouso party danced togothor, and Sir Philip found himself vis a vis with Kit, ho having Oonntanco for a partner, and slio danoing with Maurioo. Kit wnsfiushod with tlio oxoitomont, and hor oyos kept company with hor foot. : ' Your prophecy lias boon fulfillod, Miss Marlowo,' jphilip said, as:. they chatted togothor on trivial . things. 1 Kit looks anothor oroaturo. I think. I shall havo. to ronounoo the thought: .of 1 a . pormanont homo in. town, it is ovidont it does not agroe with my little girl !' .Constance smiled moolinnieally . Sho was looking her prottiost. . ' ' I wondor you can settle down into doinostioity so easily, Sir Philip. ' Do you nevar. have a yoarning- to bo off on your trnvels onco mora?' . 'Not since my marriage,' ; Philip replied, although, I. will confess to' you, .Miss Marlowo, I did havo ono wild longing this vory morning. . I must- enlighten you. I had nn in- vitntion' from mentioning - a celebrated and most distinguished ex plorer, ' begging mo to go out and join his now expedition without, dolay.' ,' But of course you refused ? ' Con stance said, lightly. : ; — Philip laughed, .. ' Woll, my lottor is not gone yot! but I don't think'it will bo nooossnry to toll yon tho purport of it. I havo found my treasure here, greater than any I could possibly find elsowliero. No, my wnndorings aro ovor, and I am glad of it.' Constance smilod vaguely. She was ensting about in hor mind for somo thing to any to disturb him as success fully as she had dono tho other day. As sho oaw tho easy way in which Kit and Maurico woro talking together an idoa camo to hor. fTo he continued. J 