STBATHDOWNIE. (From our oivn Correspondent) I June 14. Things in general are quiet here. The prevalent wail is about the Dank suspensions, and the hardships they have in many cases involved. Messrs, MacFarlane Bros, report having dis posed privately of 10,000 wethers. Several smaller lines have also changed hando, all of which, I understand, are travelling Hamilton way. We have had cold weather for the past fort night, and everything id at a standstill. In < faist, the only things that move at all are people'o tongues, vvhloh seem to work in any sort of weather. I learn that a couple of young ladies of this part, who were out at service in the Oasterton | neighbourhood, were desirous of getting paid their quarterly wages. They approached their employer on the subject, but were told that owing to the bank suspensions he could not possibly let them have their money till the banks beoame mora settled. This failed to satisfy thegirlH. and they told their employer th )t thev wouldn't stop another minute on his place. Remonstrance was useless, and they inched up their belongings and startel for lome that very day. Early next morning the two were oba&rved; passing the Strathdownie Hotel carrying bulky swags. They camped ont the night previous. Mr. Sutton, of Ardno, bad a sensational driv ing experience whilst returning from the Strathdownie Hotel the other night with & buggy and pair, Ho was hardly 50 yarda away from tho Strathdownie stables, ere ho collided with a post, and so great was the force of the collision, that he was hurled from of! his perch, against the splash board, which was knocked clean out on to the horaea hind quarters. The | driver went sprawling head over neote over the I horses heads, landing on the soft sand. The ocoupants eicaped with a Revere shaking. The pole and traces were smashed. A ball and supper in honor of the opening of the Myaring Bridge will bo held on Friday evening next, Over 500 invitations have been issued. Whilst driving homo from Myaring a few nights ago Mr. and Mrs, Wilson, of this place, ran foul of a tree, They were thrown violently to the ground, and the former sustained some severe injuries, but is, I believe, able to get about again. I regret to record that owing to a paragraph I sent you some time since re the breaking of tha record on horseback between hem and yous town by a Government officer, armed with a whip of local manufacture (MaoFarlane's wkisky), An impression has got about that it waa our local Customs officer. Mounted-Con stable Quinane, that I referred to, Now, Mr, I Editor, I would like to say that nobody bo intimately acquainted with Mr, Quinane 88 the writer is, would ever dream of making auch a statement about him. Moreover, I am inolined to the opinion that no reliable authority has ever yet seen that worthy officer make use of the weapon referred to. I may also add that X have never spoken of Mr, Quinane's integrity and ability in anything but terms of the highest commendation. I therefore emphatically deny that the paragraph referred to him in any way, 1 but for the benefit of those who would like to know a little more I may state that tho individual meant is not unknown in the Mount, and not unfrcquently visits the Nelson neigh bourhood. A local resident when en his way home from churoh on Sunday evening was hotly pursued by a ghost for several miles, but eventually got rid of his unwelcome follower by entering a dense ti-tree scrub where he remained till day light nearly soared out of his wits, Mra. J. Lookle informs mo that her crop of amber cane raised for dairy purposes when out this season yielded 2d tons per acre. I am told that a foreign akin-buyer purchased last week several largo consignments ol opnaflum skinB at 8s. per doaen, which X think is about the highest valee that has ever been obtained for skins of tho kind. Our local creamery is making fairly good progress although it would bo more gratifying were our farmers to take a greater interest in it. It is announced that a large number of persona have promised to take shares, but as yet they have not determined how many. The recent heavy weather has had a disastrous effect on the early lambing. Scores of young lambs have succumbed to the oold and wet. A number of looal shearers are getting ready to start foe tho North of Adelaide and New South Wales in search of shearing, so that in a Bhort time the district will be denuded of the (lower of its manhood for a period. Any sport, fond of shooting, need not bo in want of game, as far as this part is concerned, as there are whips of kangaroo, ducks, swans and geeae to bo seen gliding about among the swamps, whioh are now filling rapidly. 