THE BRONZEWING? CRICKET CLUB. (By on Australian, in the Globe.) WE wore IDnown an tho "Wallabioo and we rather fanoied onrselvoes, sported ooloura, and laid olaim to the title of the pramier inland eriokot olub in any direotion. Withiu a get-at-·bl cireum forence, we had beaten everything. Ono after the other, every township had suooumbed to the might of our orack bats and the invinoibleo wiftness of our two left-handed bowlors. And we yearned for fresh worlds to conquer. There had even gone around a bated whisper of the metropolis, coupled with euch names as Brace and Ban norman, " Syd " Gregory and " Sammy " Jones. Why should we not venture to show ourselves at Moore Park, and discover whether "Long Jim's" terrific yorkers, or " Mudger Miok's" deadly breaks would prove as effective there ao on their native eoil ? We were full of pride, inflated with the consoiousness of a long, triumphant season, and de termined that ere another arrived the name of the Wallaby Cricket Club should be as familiar as household words in Australian.mouths. Things were at this stage when the secretary of the club received a letter -a badly-spelled, atrociously-written challenge, sealed with the imprint of a great dirty thumb. It ran:-"Uo as calls ourselves the Bronzewing Cricketers of Cuttawatta Creek, hereby invite you to a friendly game to see which is best man out of the two. As ours aint a fust class ground we had better come to yourn. Hopping this finds you in good helth, as it leaves ns at present thank God for it, I am yours truely, Jim Brown, captain and bouler." You may try to imagine how this unique production was received by the high-toned and fastidious Wallabies. At first it was determined to ignore it completely. But we were simply spoiling for a fight, and it was re solved at last that one more victory, oven over suoh inglorious opponents astheose, would help to put us in fitter trim for the metropolis. Accordingly a courteous reply was sent; arranging all preliminaries. COuittawatt'' we knew by name only aO ao small.settle ment, some fifty miles away in the mountains, whose inhabitants bore a none too savoury reputation in the matter of horseflesh. , We rode .into the township early, all curiosity to see the ,mountain men who had the audacity to challenge the best team outside the capital; but, early as we'were, they were before us. As we approached the first' public. house we saw quite a 'mob of shaggy ponies,their bridlesand saddlesmended with bits of green-hide and wire, stand ing patiently around. Presently their owners appeared, great heavy-bearded fellows, with lands like 'shoulders of mutton and feet like canoes, and all evidently fresh from '" nips round." The captain introduced '.his:' inen shortly. "These," said hei with a wave of his hand, " is :the Cuttawatta chaps." "There," pointing to a very grey-headed man, "'is Jack Sadler. He: comes from a place in the ole country they calls Nottingham.. An' he's' played the game ever since he was so high. He've come to see fair play. There's whips o' bowlers among us. But I does it mainly. Come an' have a 'drink all hands. It's my shout." This inevitable pre liminary over, they unsaddled, turned their horses out, and announced their intention of " shifting," a prooess of which we wore anxious' to see the ,re sult; not knowing but that ;they in· tended to take' theo field booted, breoched, and spurred as they were. But when we returned from our hotel, elaborately got up in flannels and blue caps upon which the Wallaby shone 'in silver thread, we found our opponents..radiant in new but evil smelling bronne-ooloure ,; aoleskins, belts ofcarpet-snake'skins, whited shirts, and soft felt hats' doked' with a wing of the beoutiful pigeon frodm which they took their name. Around' aobh brawny neck shone a greoh silk hand kerchief, oew elautic-side boots en cased their great feet, and they tripped about the field, passing the ball to and fro with a neatness and dexterity that made us stare. But they objected to matting. They had never heard of such a thing. Why, wasn't the ground good enough, without having to cover it up ? At home thoy played in all sorts of places, never taking any notice of " bumps and hollows.' 'or even a boulder or two. But they wore reasonable folk. ' And when we pointed out the impossibility of scientific players like ourselves batting or bowling on; any but the very best procurable pitch, they laughed and consented. 'They laughed still moro when we told them how much our beautiful green carpet had cost us, and what pains and 'ex pense we had gone to altogether to make our ground one.of the best for its size in the colony. Winning the toess, they, by the ad vice of " Old Jack Saddler," seontus to the wickets. Ho also' acted as .um pire fo'r the visitors. 'If thdre was one thing more than another upon which we prided ourselves, it was our leg hitting. But to our disgust and annoy ance, we never had the.ghost of a chance to show what we could do in this particular department of the game, as the Bronzewing bowlers pitched everything.well to the off. Thus, one of our most dashing bats put up a soft little catch to a ball he should have left 'alone; and another, thinking to 'profit by the lesson, never stirred his bat to the ball that" snebked in to' his wicket. And .not for nothing, as we soon discovered, -did the Bronzewing' captain add that 'other title to his signaturo. He bowled medium-fast, with an old-fashioned 'delivery, e!lfnrp. from the shoulder, and :got such a twist on the ball that" it freqioutlyj broke in, despite our mattiug, a fulll two foot. The "loft theory" was almost entirely unknownin those days, and it has often struck me as ourious that these wild bushmen should have obtain its obvious advantages. Straight, swift bowling, dead on the wicket, weo could play, and woere ao customed to. But.tliohese now tactics, with a field bunched all up on one side, bothered uo completely. The follow at the other end bowled underhand enormous things, which rose slowly gyrating, took a long time to fall, and when just out of roach shot in like rookets. There seemed nothing to bhe got by waiting, so three or four men ran out to moot them, missed, and were either clean bowled or stumped. Even when one did get a hit at the ball it would not travel. SBioh was the spin the bowler managed to got on it that it went only a short distance, and lay there swiftly revolving in a little cloud of dust and grass stems. Will it be credited that when the end came we were all out for 80 1 It was by far the lowest score the Wal labies had ever made, and not only did we very acutely feel our position, but something like a general funk set in. However, after several long sleevers of colonial, we plucked up our courage, and trusted to our owift bowlers to re trieve the fortunes of the day, es peoially as, merely drawing their sookhs overtheir trouisers-and expoectorating on their hads~, otir opponents reflnused with disdain our offer of pads and gloves. No man can bat well with broken shins. The old ohap, who evidently'in a quiet way controlled the team, sent two men in. I heard bis parting words as! they loft the tent. "Keep thy bats etraight, as I shown thee," said he, '"an thy eyno open. It be what they oa'sfest boolin'. But never thee moind. Stay the straight uns, an' knook spots off'nl the others, an' we'n gotten em roight enough." And they obeyed him implicitly. They had eyes like hawko, and a most un gainly sotyle. But they got rune with exasperating regularity. Muudge and Long Jim bowled like demons, but could find no hole in their bato. Then, when they became fagged, the. Bronzewings knocked them all' over the 'ground, to the in. tense delight of the township, whish, having suffered many heavy beatings at our hands, appresiated keenly the presen't state "of things, and rolled up, man, woman, and ahild, to oheer the Outtawattao and enjoy our discom fiture. To bo brief, they .imply annihilated us, putting on some .200 runs, while our oosend innings was bonly a mineorable faoimile o'bf lonur first. We had ordered a supiper for our visitors ht.tho 'Woolpack Hotel, and I believe they-enjoyed it. But we, o, al though striving .to do onr phrt; us hosts, felt nore add shaken, and alto gother crest-fallen, When we' awoke next morning, the Outtawottos had gone for hours, and we never saw them again. 'But shortly anfterwards some valuabloe horses disappeared mysteriously from the 'neoighbouirhood. The Iolic.e.sergsant always 'insistod that the Broanening; Cricket Club werethe'originators of the raid. But he could never prove it. Nor did we ever go down to try 'oonolusions with 'thle metripolitan olub. DEVON CATTLE are being largelyin troduced into the herds in theo eastern 'distriots of Queeneland. The Devon cross on the :'abdrthorn is 'greatly appreciated dt the freezing works. Mr. Henry Everihed in the Marki Lane Express, writing ':in praise of, Devono: as beeflproducero, endorses the oft- quoted remark that " the best of them are the;. best id the world.", " Of the many Devons introduced into Austrelia perhaps no one tribe ,hi ,b~ben moroe in' favour 'than the curly tribe, some fine speoimens of whish have .been 'shown in Brisbane from'the-Canliing DoWnes'-herd. Mr.; Williani Housman, acknlowledged to. be one of the best all-round authorities, on cattle, assigns high praise to the; Doevons as a breed posessing 'the convenient habit of easy conformity to; various conditions of life,' 'as well as' "longevity and' fruitfulness in an extraordinary degree.' He : further' states that it is quite possible that in ons dietriet a small breed will thrive miidh better and produce a greater weight of beef to the average than a large breed, and at a smaller cost, al though moire mouth are employed in the consumption of the pasturage. The Devono have long boon famed for their hardiness." , seeriss Lsv: 8uP;e-~ Mr. Darliy. ohire of Brisbnne hba" shoewn the Queeoolander a'letter'from his brother,' who ie \n ' largo tookowner" in' the Argentine Republic, giving results of a shipment of 400 live sheep to Liver pool. Thewerwere only two deaths on' th'o voyage. The sheep weroe sold in Liverpool for 40/7, giving 71 lb. dressed mutton, which sold at 65d. per pound, skins 4/9. The freight was 11/,1 thnet 'reisol~' t'"the eitan aeioro 'being '25/. It is evident the sheop were either pure codrse.woolled 'shoep' or very good 'erosabredo'; but, the above facts suggest whether it; "would 'not be possible to 'hip"'live sheep 'from Queensland .to Engand. Even if they did not arrive. in's a con dition to.b. elaughtordd at ooe, the price of store shooeep iniEngland'is very lesrgely .in" '?idvane o~f the'prioo of fet 'she'e'p8b~; i~ie)?' l;Thtitio·-'Mr.. Mar~t" vise; the;firsze;t to demooititets the faet t;sat' meat could be preserved fresh 'for an indefinite period by refrigeration; but it was.8beth Amonerioa'that first placed a oargo of frozen meat on a European. market, by taking advantage of Mr. Mort's discovery. It is possible, says the Queenslander, that the same country has now shown no the way to dispose of our surplus sheep in a way that will give better returns even than freezing. • Pne Mn. GLADSTONE.--N0tt hasa been taken of the fact that whan in' attendance upon the recent royal wed .ding Mr. Gladetone stood in the brilliant throng without a single order td his uniform-the gireatest of them all, and un'doorateda,. '~Ih reason for tehis rarely-dietingiisahed appearance is simple and imperative. The prime minister did not wear an order beeaue 'he does not possess one,- Ho who has ahowered stars on dthers and given i'garters to' dsikts does not possess the right to wear a bit of red or yellow ribbon. That is a proud pre-eminence 'from vyhich at this time of day he' is not likely to' stop down even to the level u tao peerage.: t~ho uniform he wore was that of an 'Eldor Brother of the Trinity House, familiar enough with him on court gata occasons, sinoe it is his only one. It suits him admirably, giving him quite a quarter dook air. OLD GOVE(NaENO HOUE.-T-he Ore cent fire at Government House, Par ramatta (which caused damage to the estimated amount of £800, partially covered by insuranoce) gives interest to the following particulars, as supplied by a correspondent of the Evening News:-" Old Governmont House was one of those buildings usually do scribed as historio landmarks. It stood on a hill in Parramatta Park, overlooking that pleasing enolosure in one direotion, and the town in another. It was erected by Australia's first Governor, Captain Phillip, soon after the foundation of the colony, and was the home of enach succeeding Governor till the days of Sir Charles Fitzroy. Lady Bourke, wife of Governor Bourko, died there, and Lady Mary Fitcroy was brought to it dead after being killed at the foot of the hill on which it stands. Within a few yards of the building are stones marking.the place of the old Government Observatory founded in 1822 and closed in 1847, in December of which year Lady Mary Fitzroy was killed. The establish ment of Government House in Sydney and the removal thither of the vise* regal court of the olden times made the old house useless for state pur poses, and it sank in rank till it be came what it has been for many years now, a popular boarding-house, under the leaoeeship of Mr..Bishop.. It has many 'peculiarities that were integest ing to visitors, apart from its historic associations;.' The rooms were large and lofty, and had an old-fashioned air of comfort about'them. Owidg to the double story and immense thick ness of its walls the building was cool in the hottest summer's day. The centre walls were no less than three feet six inches thick. Every door-way was provided for the action of double doors. The rafters and flooring were as sound yesterday as when first put down. The. back-yard is paved with bricks three or four thicknesses in alternate layers. Cellars extend throughout nearly the entire basement of the house. The old houses which held the hogshead and the stone wine bins Were relies of'the luxury of the good old times. Ituneed to please Mlr. Bishop greatly to act as cicerone to visitors and descant onthe history of t?o building, and. there are few of Parramatta's old identities undhable to supply some story respecting the venerable.old edifice." As was illustrated recently at Leeds, it.is dangerous to make use of the telephone in a storm'of thunder and lightning. Later, the 84th Regiment of Artillery, in garrison at Mets, was executing some firing exercises in the polygon at Hagdenau,. and, as usual, sentinels had been placed in various directions to stop oirculation within the dangerous zone. ' An artilleryman placed his ear against the receiver of the telephone, "when a. flash of lightning suddenly struck the wire and killed him." "How are you finding busibn', doctoir " was asked of a physician. "Capital," he replied. "I have all that I can attend to." "I didn't Understand that there was much ill ness about." "No, there isn't. But we physicians do not depend upon: sickness for an income. Oh, no. Moset of our money is made from people who have nothing the matter with them." 