TUB JANUARY MAGAZINES. No sooner was Tonnyson's death announced, than thcro was a rush of poets to pay homago to his genius, Mr. Swinburne wisely took time to perfect his work, and thon published a Threnody which holds the plaoc of honor in the Nineteenth Century, and may be eulogised as worthy of its theme. Consisting of ouly 27 lines, it is brimful of beautiful imagery and exquisite word picturing. Tho verse containing a reference to the Shakspearean volume under tho pillow of tho dying poet, is peculiarly touching — So when night for his eyes grew bright, his proud head pillowed on Shakspeare's breast, Hand In Hand with him, soon to stand where shine tho glories that death loves host, Passed the light of his face from sight, and sunk sublimely to radiant rest. Opening with Swinburne's poem, the magazine closes with an attractive article on tho same subject from the editorial pen. Mr. Knowles had the advantage of a 30 years' intimate friend ship with Tennyson, and gives the reader tho benefit of his own notes and observa tion. We can readily believe that only those who knew Tennyson well could thoroughly appreciate his greatness; tenderness and truth. "The simplicity, sensitiveness, freshness, and almost divine insight, of a child," Mr. Knowles tells us, " were joined in him as in no other man to tho dignity, sagnoity, humor and knowledge of age at its noblest." Withal he was of a sensitive, nervous nnture, whioh, in conjunction with- his defect of short sight, caused him to shun gonoral society and to flee from tho notoriety hunter as from a pestilence. He often wished that he could have been equally success- ful with his poems and avoided tho notoriety which that suooess entailed. One faculty which Tennyson possessed might have beon useful to many of lato years in thin community. " He could read a man through and through in a flash even from his face, and it was wonderful to hear him sum up a complex character in one single phrase. He told me that he was once travelling with an unknown person, whoso countenance he caught but for an instant from behind the newspaper, but whom he set down from that flying glimpse as a rogue. To his surprise he turned out to be somebody of the highest local standing and repute, but he nevertheless hold by his impres sion, and In tho end was justified, for presently the man fled from justice and the country, leaving hundreds ruined who had trusted him." Tennyson summed up his religious convictions in the following sentence, copied down by Mr. Knowles immediately after its delivery : "There's a Something that watches over us; and our individuality endures; that's my faith and that's All my faith.' Tennyson's opinion of Swinburne was thus expressed " He's a tube through which all things blow into music." Three articles are published under tho general heading of Signs of the Times. The first is from the pen of Mr. W, S, Lilly, and treats of what he terms False Democracy, Mr. Lilly conceives that the " New Radicalism" is utterly adrift and following a will o' the wisp when it insists on the rule of tho majority, Mr, John Morley Is credited with having exercised a more mis chievous influence than anyone else, excepting perhaps Mr, Gladstone, In encouraging this false democracy. The Conservative party, however, in Mr. Lilly's estimation, Is no more trustworthy than its opponents, "What more curious irony of history," he asks, " than that we should owe to a Conservative Government tho most revolutionary measure of the age, tho creation for that vast inorganic congeries of streets and squares called London of a municipality elected by tho nu merical majority of those who dwell therein ; a municipality certainly destined at no distant time to browbeat and overawe tho House of Commons itself." Possessed of such a dread of the London County Council, it is scarcely surprising to find Mr. Lilly asserting that tho House of Lords is far more truly repre sentative ot the nation than tho House of Com mons. He sees in tho Labor party the "little cloud like a man's hand, which will in time blacken all the heavens," and recognises that tho coming revolution will be a social, and not a political one. But he has no hope of anything good, because of tho false Demos which has usurped the place of the true one, whatever the latter may be, Professor Mahaffy, who writes tho second paper on Sham Education," adopts a tone equally pessimistic. From the Board schools to tho new universities he has looked, and all is barren. His special field of observation lies in Ireland, but he sees no more encouraging outlook in any part of the United Kingdom. Boys are crammed in schools, and youths are crammed for examinations, but there is little true education. Why, then, does tho system continue ? Professor Mahaffy explains : — " The democracy, though gulled and deceived into It as a levelling of all classes, now acquiesces in it. And when I say that powerful interests defend it, I mean, firstly, tho vis inertia of the public mind, which, when once trained up in a shibboleth like Free-trade or Open Competition comes to think that because a proposition in very familiar therefore it cannot he wrong," The second line of defence is the great coaching pro- fession which lives by the present system, and defends it in the press. Education consists in learning how to learn, Dr. Mahaffy rightly says, and he is hopeless because he sees so little of it in the British routine. The third paper of this section is on Trained Workers for the Poor. Miss Octavia Hill writes it, bringing to bear tho experience she has gained as member of the committee of the Women's University Settle ment in Southwark. Miss Hill desires to see a portion of tho bequests loft for tho benefit of women and girls devoted to this business of training them for doing competent work among the poor, as much mischief is occasionally done by amateur efforts, however well meant. Profossor Mivart's startling thesis, put forth in the lest number of the nineteenth Century, that hell is a place of evolution, where tho damned gradu ally get accustomed to their environment and live in comparative happiness, is seriously encoun tered by the Rev. Father Clarke, S. J. , who is quite successful in demonstrating that the theory Is utterly opposed to the teachings of his church. A paper in this number whioh is sure to be ex tensively read in Australia is contributed by tho Countess of Jersey, and gives an account of her three weeks' sojourn in Samoa. Tho Countess was impressed with the merits of both the dark-skinned chiefs who aro struggling for domination, and regrets that a reconciliation oannot be effected between them, and both loft with a share of authority over tho natives. Among the re maining articles, that entitled Oh allons-nous ? deserves a passing word from the faot of its being tho contribution in French of a Freuoh deputy, M. Yvos Guyot, who was at ono time Minister of Public Works. M. Guyot holds that excitemcmt has been fomented over tho Panama soandals to cover the designs of those who are plotting against the Republic. It would be difficult to select a more uninvit ing set of contributions than those contaiued in the current issue of tbe Contemporary Review. From a character skotoh of tho Ozar Alex ander III., drawn in the lurid tints whioh Mr. 14 E. B, Lanin," doubtless with ample justification, invariably uses in his special work of exposing tho deRpotio misgovernment of Russia, through Irish Affairs, Temperance Reform, Snpinenossof the English Parliament, Degeneracy of the Press, down to a lengthy and valuable contribution on the Sooial Condition of Labor, almost every pngo is a re minder of the magnitude of present evils, aud tho arduous work that lies before those who attempt to remedy them. Verifying bis observations in the light of the experienco of those in daily intercourse with tho Czar, Mr. Lanin oonclndes that Alexander III. is 44 neither a knavo nor a fool, a criminal nor a hero," but an aver age Russian, with all the pByehological peculiarities of tho race, Tho fatal mistake ho has made, more disastrous to his people than any crime, Mr. Lanin asserts, was his confident expeotation, due to his firm belief in tho miraouloue, that the aorament of Coronation would transform him from a dull plodding officer to a divinely inspired sovereign. Urged on by a powerful will, ho 44 has mado and continues to make deep impressions iu tho sands of Russian history, and worked incalculable harm to the nation at largo. In all this lie Es well meaning and conscientious, but, liko the apothecary who should dispense stiyohnino for sulphonal, his aonsaicutiousnoss will not avail to save his victims." Muoh of Mr, Justin M'Carthy's oriticism on the English Parliament applies to colonial legislatures aud other forms of repre sentative government. The aspiration of John Bright that England, 4 free peoples, " inig hyieratlf be free, implied for him aParliamentary form of government with a wido franchise. But Mr. M'Carthy points out that although at the time these words wero spoken tho English franchise was "curiously limited, "and the working classes wero "almost altogether oxoluded from the op portunity of giving a vote at a Parliamentary olcction," still tho character of Parliament has not improved with an oxtendcri franchise. Tho first William P'tt, in the time of "pocket boroughs, rotten boroughs nnd constituencies bought and sold like cattle," was reminded by George III. that ho had taught him 44 to look for the opinion of tho oountty outside tho House of Commous" ; nnd Mr. M4C.irthy says "in spite of all the heroic and many efforts to msko the House of Commons fully and truly repre sentative, the Hons© of Commons still remains sadly lacking in any manner of initiative force." In England, ps in the colonics, there aro 44 many men in tho thick of politics who insist that this is exactly as it should be." But Mr. M'Oarthy contends that as Parliament is 44 ohosen to represent bo it Is chosen to think and choaon to load," and depre cates tho present tendency 44 to ahdicato its position as lender of tho nation " and simply confino itself to tho task of putting into law 44 what greator and moro ob«ervaufc and moro active minds outside Parliament havo declared to be proper subjects for legislation." Two articles on Temperance Reform — ono on Tho Attitude of the Advanced Party, by W. 8, Caine, M.P. ; and the othor on Tho Deadlock, by George Wyndham, M.P., represent the views of the Prohibitionistd nnd tho more moderate workers, who are contont to take reform by in- represented by Mr. Caine, complain that tho numerous temperance bodies working to obtain a gradual control over tho licensing laws aro 44 new brooms, " knowing little or nothing of tho difficulties of the reformers of tho past 50 years, who now are within sight of victory if tho issues are not obscured by tho moderate interlopers. Strong evidence, however, is produced by Mr. Wynd ham in favor of a trial In England of the Gothen burg system, which, according to a report by Mr. F. R. Plunkett to tho Foreign Office, has, during tho last 14 years, resulted in Norway and Sweden in a stoady diminution in (I) the consumption of spirits per head of the population, (2) tho number of con victions for drunkenness, (3) the number of cases of delirium tremens . Besides theso en couraging facts, Mr. WyndhAm adduces further evidence in favor of tho principle of oiiminating private interest from tho sale of alcoholic liquors. Beginning with the question, "Can a young man ho taught to bccomo a jour nalist?" M. Blovritz explains in his contribu tion on Journalism as a Profession how a school of journalists might accomplish some thing in this dircotion. The work of tho school would need, ho says, 44 to be supplemented by tho establishment of a daily journal called TheJudye , whoso functions would be the cor rection of all 'errors of allusion — historical, political, geographical or whAt not'— com mitted in other newspapers, and put them in tho ' pillory." Tho Saturday Review in its earlier career assumed a r6le of this des cription, but the inherent objection in human nature to aocoptas infallible the dicta of fallible men hAs always proved fatal to plausiblo schemes of this nature. The most vnlu- ahlo contribution in tho number is the last, dealing with The Sooial Condition of Labor, by Mr. E. R. L. Gould. After a careful review, placed in tabulated form, of the average wages and mode of living in Great Britain, Continental Europe nnd the United States, collected by rccont commissions, Mr. Gould arrives at tbo conclusion thnt tho American workman has higher wages aud lives better than his confreres in other parts of tho world. The prinoipal "credit of tho higher wages in Amotion " must not bo given "to the manufacturer, tho tariff, nor any other agency, but to the work ing man himself, who will not labor for less than will enable him to live in a high sboinl plane." It looks, the writer Bays, " a if ere long the world's industrial supremacy would pass to those who oarn the most, and live tho best." Tho Financial Aspect of Homo Rule, by J. G. Olanoy, M.P. ; Pt'SsimiHiam and Progress, by the Rev. S. A. Alexander, do not call for any Bpeoiai notice; whilon description of A Mediroval Country House, by. iMury Darmcstoter, is tho only paper with an approach to easy reading in tbe number. Mr. J. E. Redmond, leader of the Parnellito remnant of the Irish patriots, appears to exercise a singular tnfluenco over tho editor of the Fortniyh ly Review, as his controversial writings on Home Rule questions so frequently head the list' of contributions. His artielo in tho current number is entitled The Lesson of South Meath, and deals with the same subject as one oallod The Priest in Polities, by Miohael Davitl, in the Nineteenth Century . The writers treat of the topio from different standpoints, but both endeavor to persuade their English friends that there i« nob tho slightest roason for dreading the political influence of the ohurch whon the privilege of Home Rule has been conferred on Ireland. Mr. Redmond is a trifle inconsistent in his contention, for whilo he avers in one place tjiat the spread of education impels large masses of the Catholic peoplo of this generation to think and aot for themsolves in political affairs, in another ho says that there are a number of members just as improperly returned as was Mr. Fulham for Meath, who oontinue to sit in Parliament because of the oostiy prooess reauired in bringing them to justice. Unprejudiced readers will be disposed to ask. How comes it there are so many of theso priest appointed members if tho priestly iufluonce is waning so rapidly? Mr. Daniel F. Sohloss contributes an important article, well packed with statistical information, in which he seeks to prove tho doarness of "cheap " labor. Its general drift is I similar to that of Mr. E. B. L. Gould's papor in the Contemporary Review, and similarly maintain i that the skilled workmen of tho United States obtain about two- third moro pay than their fellow workers in England, The effort of tho American employer is constantly being directed to improvements in thoir automatic appliances, nnd it is their sucocbb in this direction thnt enables thom to nohicvo hotter results from the labor they employ, and consequently to give higherwnges. Where oheaplabor is available, Mr. Sohloss maintains, the manufacturer is nob inoited to this constant ingenuity in porfeoting inventions. Hard pressed, then, as the English industries are by Continental competition, ho holds that a diminution in the rate of wages would tend rather to their injury than to their advancement. Another phase of the labor problem is dealt with by Miss Maroh-Phillips. After a per sonal visit of inspection paid to a number of small farms in the southern comities, the writer saw reason to hope that something might bo accomplished undor Mr. Chaplin's act to en courage agricultural settlement in England. 44 If the tendency to revert to small farms is encouraged and becomes more widespread," she says, " thon tenantry will be drawn from a different class from that of our present farmers. They will be men with a plain standard of living, who have proved their 'grit' by nerving under di&ioitltlcs;, and by raising themselves in spite of adverse circum stances." Tho alarming increase of insanity iu modern days has attracted much atten tion, and the statistics of tho subject are presented in an easily comprehensible form by Mr. W. T. Corbet, whose avocations have for many years imposed upon him a oloso and continuous study of the subject. The ratio of insane per thousand of population hns ad vanced in the United Kingdom from 1.81 in 1862 to 3.11 in 1890, and this appalling increase is general over tbe oountry. Mr. Corbelt is of opinion that alcoholic brain poisouiug is largely responsible for tho insanity presented, and concoivea that some drastic measures should bo adopted to limit the consumption of intoxi cants. Another topic of a cognate character is dealt with by Mr. A. Copjien Jones, who en deavors to provo how beneficial the practice of vivisection has been to the public by showing the infiuenco of its experiments on recent discoveries in connection with tetanus. A number of lives are said to have been savod as tho diroot couscquenco of theso investiga tions. Sir Julius Vogel contributes a paper ou Social Politics in New Zealand, which covers very similar ground to the pamphlet by Sir Robert Stout, published under the auspices of the London Statistical Sooiety, and already noticed at Bomc length in our oolnmiiH. The Rev. H. R. Ilaweis has long been famous for his broad church views and hi leaning to wards modern spiritualism. In the ourrcnt number he presents the latter phaao of his opinions, and undor the title of Ghosts and Thoir Photos, indicates his belief that the camera will yet settle tho question as to the return of disembodied spirits, by furnishing pictures of thom takon at full length. It is & scientific faot that tho plate of the camera can see where human vision is powerless, aud con vinced that we arc compassed about by a oloud of witnesses, Mr, Haweics is taking part in the enterprise of obtaining their photographs. 