OCCASIONAL PAPERS. AS LIKE AS TWO PEAS. BY WYBEBT REEVE. Before commencing my story, I would remind the reader of the extraordinary cir cumstances surrounding a trial for murder in Paris in 1795, when a highly respectable man, named Lesurques, was tried, found guilty, and executed for the murder of a courier in charge of the mail. It was afterwards dis covered he was entirely innocent of the crime. The murderer and robber was a notorious character, between whom and Monsieur Lesurques there was the most marvellous resemblance in tace, height, voice, form* indeed in every particular except virtue. On this true story is founded the play of " The Courier of Lyons." I must also mention a little personal experience ot' how one person may be taken for another, in case the reader may doubt the possibility of the strange incident I am after wards going to relate. At a fashionable summer resort in the north of England, where for two or three months I was in the habit of living, I had a double. To use the words of mutual acquaintances we were "as like as two peas." The close re semblance did not lead to any tragic ending, as with poor Lesurques, but it had its inconveniences, as in the following two in stances I was friendly with my double, but there was a difference in our habits. I was a quiet, Bteady sort of fellow, with a lull ap preciation of the duties of married lite. He, though married, was somewhat of a gay Lothario, of the roaming bee order, fluttering from flower to flower when he got the chance of a little flirtation. This was very awkward for me. A lady resident of the towa, famed for attending to /Ofhe?, peopje's - business, called on my wiffe ofne day, thinking itNomy right she should know, |h^-, .^upband, th6 evening before] wab sdeb. untying? on; tW North Cliff hana^HnJia^d with a pretty-^otmg girl. Like the kithL-wt^ntereeted iriend^he was, she called ne<LTO4jU^Vbemsi>£hey watched. They distinctly-row-her nusband and the lady sit affectionately on one of the cliff 6eats, the furthest away from observa tion, and his arm occasionally go round her waist. Now this was very compromising, but fortunately I was able to prove my being otherwise, though certainly not so agreeably employed elsewhere. When 1 told my other pea, who was, of course, the guilty party, he enjoyed the joke thoroughly, and hoped I should make my stay that summer as long as possible. I am not a billiard-player-he was -and one night, on entering a saloon, a gentleman playing stopped the game, and said to me- I " Look here, X . I am hanged if I am going to stand this. Why don't you pay me the money you owe me ?" j Annoyed and indignant, I replied, " I am not aware I owe you anything-I don't even know you." " Oh, I like that; the devil you don't! Pay that bet when I licked your head off, or hang me if I don't post you at the club." " Stop, stop/'baid another man, who knew us both. " \ ou have made a mistake; that's Reeve, not N " " Upon my soul I beg your pardon," said the indignant billiard-player. " I could have sworn to him; they are as like as two peas." ?When we were walking in the street we were taken for brothers by those who did not personally know us. He was an officer-a captain-in the militia, and I frequently had the respect shown to me by the men of a military salute, which I always returned in the usual way, so as not to hurt their feelings. And now I would ask the reader if he has ever suffered as a. bachelor, or a grass married man on his travels, from the delinquencies of a washerwoman ? I have 'done so often, and on the occasion I speak of it was in the cathedral city of Exeter, England, where for a whole fortnight the woman had delayed supplying mc with clean linen. I had run very short, it was very bright weather, and in a cathedral city one especially likes to look the pink of nrZ pncty in the matter of shirt front, collar and cuffs. I dont know why a cathedral city should moke a difference, but, it dot* except for the old saying " Cleanliness?* next to godliness. I was alone, ragine breathing anathemas on the whole race of washerwomen, and on the one who hod be trayed me in particular, when a timid sort of knock sounded on the door of my room " Come in !" I shouted in a reckless voice' indifferent as to who it might be, when in walked the wry object of my wrath, half hidden behind her bundle of linen. I will not write what I Baid . I leave that to the imagination of the reader, but I give her explanation of the delay in her own words BO far os I can. Unfortunately I am not well versed in the Irish brogue. 1 may here add I was interested enough to inquire as to the truth of her story, and to my surprise, learnt she was & very decent hard-working woman, and her strange tale was no romance. "An" sure it's sorry I am, but if ye'll just look over it this once. I've been in miehty big th rouble, an' that's the truth on't. 1 was agoing to ax yer honour if ye'd be plaised to listen an' give me a bit of advice, for ochone! it's sad my heart is now, any way." " It's more than you deserve," I replied Bomewhat mollified by the tears I saw gather! ingin the poor woman's eyes. "I'll listen' and do the best I can-for you. ? Go on." . " You must know that Mike-that's my husband, yer honour-was as honest a lid as iver confissed his sins to the blessed Father Maguire ; but times got very bad wi' us. For weeks poor Mike was out of work, and all that time we had to live upon the bit o' uashin' I could get, an' little enough it was to support two grown-up people an' two little childers; but there was no help for it -so I jist put a smilin' face on it. Mike he took on sadly, for he had a good heart, yer honour. He didn't like to see me aworkin' my fiesh to the veiy bones to get the bit and the sup. I thought times would mind when the sunshiny weather came in, but sure they got worse instead of better; an* the praties got so scarce an' dear that many a night we took to our bed wid empty stomachs an' aching hearts. . . . Well, sir, one night I had been sitting all alone, looking at the two or three bits o' coal as was abumin' in the fire-grate, which I had picked up in the streets, awishin' for Mike to come home and warm nis self before the fire went out, and it's wonderin' I was what kept him so long, when I hears his footsteps on the stairs. He come into the room lookin' so white and scared that all my blood went cold. He was carryin' a basketful of bread an' praties an' meat, besides which he showed me in his hand some bright Bhinin' pieces of goold. Instead of feelin' happy at the sight of thim, I felt more miserable than I was afore, for knew the boy had been and done wrong. I axed him where they came from, an' he tould me to niver mind, but be continfc an' feed the childers, an' - we Bhould niver be afther bein' hungry &ay; more. He said, 'A frind, who wished to save us from starvation, had sent it:' so I tried to think it wer' all right, for Mike had nivec desaved me, an' we had the bit an' the sup an' went to bed. But it was heavy, some how, my supper lay upon my conscience that nifht-not a wink o sleep could I .get or Mike either. It's glad I was to see the mornin' breaking, for then I prayed that my fears were not thrae. Jist at that moment came a loud knockin' at the street door. Mike jumped out of bed. " For the love o' God, Betty,' said he, 'don't let'em in, or I'm ruined tntirely.' " ' Who are they, Mike?' said I. 'What had you been afther doin' that you should be so scared T ' Don't ax me; the divil tempted me, an' hunger made me do it They're corain' upstairs. Oh, what'U I dot It's mad I shall go." Well, sir, the next moment the room was filled wid the psrleece. I tried to save him, an' tould 'em it was hunger as made the poor boy stale; but it wer' no use; they dragged him away to prison. It's heavy my heart wer' then, any way. Many a time I walked round an' round them big sthone walls in the hopes of seein' him; but it wer' no use. He was tried, found guilty of breaking into another man's house and stalin', an' he was sintencedto ten years' transportation. Whilst he was a-bein' tried 1 stood in the coorthouse hopin' to cheer the poor lad by a-smilin' at bim, but I could see the big tears a-comin' into his eyes, like they was in my own; and when they sintenced the poor boy it's scream I did, and faintin' away was carried out o' the coort. I got home &t; last, an' sat for many a day acryin* and keenin', whilst the childers wer almost starvin'. Then I made up my mind to set to work an' do something, so I vent about from house to hoose till I got work. Ah, sir, it's many a man afore Mike that an empty stomach or starvin' wife and childers T~.Ti^de ft tliief of. The low is mighty on the poor an' mighty kind to the rich ?f they Sea wrong. You may talk o' con iUnient but it's hard to feel when yer ".,i n' bread. Others have more ner enough, Sve toVlleir dogs what 'ud help to save many a family o* the poor. » About two yeats afther Mike had been _Atle a leltlier was put Into my hand by ful postman. It came from Ireland, an' said that an aunt; o' mine in the ould counthry was dead, an shed left me her fortune-one hundred pounds. Oh, then for Bure, wasn't it glad I was, and V-,i !t J fancy myself the richest woman in all the world. It's pray I did, to the Holy Virein nn* all the blessed saints to send poor Mike back to me, soon ; but it were all o' no use so I thoucht I'd ait miself down an' wait-an' 1 took a i,OU8e an' lil lodgings, afther 1 had furnished it beautiful from top to bottom. I still did a bit in the washin' way o' course, to save all I oould agin the boy's cotnin' back. Five years had cone, when, about six months ago, who should I Bee sittin' by the fire one evenin' when I corned home from an errand, a smokin' his pine, an lookin' as happy as iver I see'd him in the ould dayB, but Mike- my own Mike ! Oh sure, bad luck to me ! for it's run into his arms I did,and it's mighty hard he squeezed me wid joy ; then I looked at him, he wer' a bit browner, maybe, in face, an' I thouclit he wer' a little taller, and his manners wer* a bit more devil-my-care-like; but I put all this down to the poor boy'a transportation to for'ign parts. He tould me he'd got a ticket-of- lave for his good conduct, which I was glad on; then I up an' tould him o' my good' fortune, an* it's then beside hisself wid joy he was, an' we had a happy evenin' anyway. For the first few weeks he seemed kinder ner ever, and thin he changed; kept bad company, got roaring dhrnnk at nignt, and went to bed to get hisBelf sober agin in the day. He wam't a bit like my old Mike thin. My lodgers he frighten'd -away, he spent all. my money as fast as I could get it, an' the divil a bit o' work would he do. He said he was a gintleman, an' he'd spend his money like one ; so he did, for in five months all my fortun, and the bard earnin's of many a weary day. was gone. My only hope was when he could get no more he'd go and lave me, but the bla'guard be sould my furniture to. the very bed we had under us, an' one night I came home tired enough afther takin' some wasbin', an' its find I did he'd been an' gone an' sould my wash-tubs, the only things I 'ad left to kape body an' soul together; so I was left without a penny or the manes of gettin' one, and sure, as there was nothin' more to get thin, he'd taken hisself off and niver came back. Some kind ladies and gentlemen sub scribed to set me on my legs agin. I was only tearful as he'd return, for the childers must be kept anyway. 1 sits to work agin, an' when I felt the big tear come up from my heart, sure,I chokes itdown agin.an' goeson workin'. Well, maybe a week ago I'd been assistin' a lady to clane her house, an' I come back tired out When I opened my room door, who should I see sated by a bit o' fire, a smokin' his pipe, but Mike, lookin' as bold as anythin', jist as I'd seen him afqre. It's thin for the first time the divil came into my sowl, an' I could a-killed him. ." * Ah, Betty, my jewel, an* its there ye are,' said he; 'an' bless ye, darlin'!' ?" ' An' the divil cuss ye!" said I, seizin' a stool, the first thing as come to my hand. "Kape off, kape oil! or it's hanged I'll be for murtuerin' you, if you don't clare out o' this house.' I neyer see'd a boy more astonished. ' Why Betty, yer dreamin', sure,' he said; ' dont yer know me!' "I do, for a bla'guard; ye've ruined me once, an' now ye've come back to ruin me again!' 'The Lord presarve me, she's gone mad!' he cried, starin at me so quare. r"' Man 1' said I. ' It's not your fault it I ain't. Ochone! It's miserable I am, anyway; it's many a long day I sat a-waiting yer coming back, an' I counted the hours almost, afther I got my big fortun, an', says I to myself, When Mike comes back, poor boy, it's repay him it will for all his sunerin'. An' yer did come back, yer thief o' tbe world, and Bpent all my fortun and sowld all my beautiful furniture. Mike, itta love yer once I did, an' I nerer thoucht the day would come when I'd curse ye. Had ye been an honest lad now, as you wer when I fust knew yer, it's happy we might have been wid my money which you've drunk.' " ' The woman's crazy,' cried Mike. ' I dhrunk yer money, Betty ? What the devil do yer mane by yer fortun ? I never knew you had one.' " It's now I becan to wondher, for be didn't seem dhrunk, an' he Bpoke so much more like the Mike o' my heart than he as sowld me up, so I axed him if he didn't ruin me a Bhort time back. An' he Bwore by tbe blessed St Patrick he'd niver set eyes on me afore, since he was on his trial. Then I felt scared, for I thoucht I must have been livin' wid his ghost, or the old gentleman biBself, who had taken Mike's shape to rob me of my Bowl an' my belongings. Jistas I was thinkin' Mike jumps up in a mighty big passion, lookin as white as thim shirts. Say he, 'Och, sure bad luck to me, I see it all! An' then he up an' towld me that 6ome months afore he had his ticket-of-lave another Irishman workin' in the same gang, whom they called Pat Sweeney, had got his, ahd that tney wer as much alike as two peas in a pod. They'd allays been taken one for the other. The warders hardly knew which was which. Fat was a bit taller, that was all. Well, when Pat got his ticket Mike had towld him where to find me an* all about me, for they were frinds, an' Mike thoucht him an honest lad, who, like hisself, had fallen into bad ways from poverty, so he axed him to come an* see me an' oomfort me, an' Pat promised him for the Bake o' the ould counthr}' he'd do It ' An'/ says poor Mike, it's oomfort ye he has wid a vengeance.' , "'Ochone 1 Mike, dear,'said I, 'what 11 I do I what'il I do! I oouldn't help it, for sure I thoucht it wer you all the time. "Poor Mike, lie's been rampageous mad ever since; an as for myself, yer honour, I've been a great deal madder. 