1 THE STORY-TELLER, A DOCTOR'S STORY. [From tne Speaker.) _ vnoein the course ot a medical career of nearly fifty yeiri I saved a patient's life. In other oaaea.1 have my doabU; bat in tbit odb Jmoertaiaofii Youll take another cigarette! What, no? Then black coffee! The patient was a Jady-yonn^, and not nn piMaiDfc That gave me aa interest in the ®®ee. Sm lived at Surbitonu I had never seen her before I wee oalled in for this fir ticular illness; butoneday her husband came to my house in Hurley-street and wanted me to go down post haste with him to look at ber. He was particularly anxious to get a tint-rate London specialist's opinion. They'd had a general practitioner doira at their own place, he said, but that wasn't enough for him.; he distrusted G.P.'s. He insisted up»n getting the very best advice for her. A tali dark man, the husband, with keen. tdeep-sunken eyes. He looked . Spaniard, and might have been Grand Inquisitor. But what btrunk me most about him was the queer little foot that though he expressed the greatest anxiety and desired to show the deepest affection/ couldn't help feehttg it was my_ opinion he wanted far more than my : assistance. He laid great stress upon the point of toy being an undoubted authority. Whatever I thought of the oase he would know it ma right. He didn't ears about the diagnosis of these suburban doctors; he didn't trmt tbeir-prognoMH; but 7-if I told him hit wife would live he oould be sure she would recover, and if I told him-well, the worst why he knew he must aooept it with resigna tion. (Cambric paokethandkerehief.) I went down with him and saw her. She was very ill indeed. A most pathetic young woman. She roused ny keenest sympathy. But it was the queerest oase X ever knew in my life. I oould make nothing of it. I told the husband she was seriously ill; I doubted her recovery, ehe bad sunk so low; but I , didn't .understand it* His eyes had an inscrutable gleam in tbem when I told him that; but he answered very anxiously, "Oant you put.a name to it? It would be satisfactory an least to know what it is that's the matter with her." "No, I oan't," I replied. "In the whole crane of my experienoe-1 never yet saw any thing lifce it." His faoe fell a little. Iiong medical praotioe has made me observe Hie qniok shades uf emotion that pass over faces. "I was ia 1 hopes you would have understood it," he ?aid, very slowly, with a hard look into my -eyos, pointing each word with emphasis. " It ? was for that I went to tbe best' London authority. I thought tbesejordinary suburban men might fail to make it out, but that I was sure of an opinion from a great London specialist. They told me your forte was diagnosis." Clever of him, I feh at the time to try thus to work upon my professional pride and my professional susceptibilities. He fancied he oould foice me or cajole' me into giving it a name. That was decidedly sharp of him, but it overshot he mark. It gave me a first due to the real nature of lier illness. Next day, and next again, I went down to see my patient. Money was no objeot the affectionate huBb&nd; Bald often. All he wanted was to be sure his dear wife had tbe benefit of tbe very best medical ad vice and assistance. _ The third day I was so puzzled I took,my assistant down with me without tell ing aim why. I sent him in to se9 her. When he came out I said to him. "Well, Harvey, what do you make of it J" " I don't make anything of it,"he answered. "I oan't. It looks to me unique. I don't in the least underotand it/' "Neither do I," I replied, stroking my ohic. "That's why I brought yon to see it." We sat and stared at one another in silence for a minute. Then my assistant said, very dubiously, " The fact is, Sir Kverard, it ap pears to me " " Well, go on, man ! Out with it I" " Not a oase of natural disease at all, but a case of poisoning." " Precisely my opinion," I answered, giving a start. " I brought you here to confirm it." I went into the sick woman's room again. " I want to ask you one question," I said, in as soothing a voioe as possible. "You may think it an odd one. Is there anybody who would-benefit in any way by your death?" She gazed up a3 me feebly. "Not a soul," she answered. " All I have in the world I've left by will to dear Archie." That settled the question. I felt' sure I knew a prescription that would cure her. I went down again to the dining-room.. The husband was there, sitting 'uneasily by the window. -3b looked at- me with an anxious faoe. "Well, I've formed an opinion on tbe oase at lw>t," I said, " and so has Dr. Harvey here; but perhaps it may distress yon or annoy you to bear it." He glanced nervously at my assistant; then at me in return. I had placed myself on pur pose BO that both our eyes were upon bun from every angle. He shuttled in his ohair. " Oh, I'm prepared for tbe worst," he answered with a sickly smile. " I know she oan't recover." " Ihen do you desire me to give you the honest opinion I've formed," I asked, "at the risk of offending you ?" "Yes, I want your opinion," he answered ; but his lips quivered faintly. "It's that that I called you in for." I stared straight into his eyes. I fixed him with mine. He oouldn't avoid them, without catching Harvey's. '"Then my opinion is this," I said slowly and distinctly, "that if your wife dies-pou'U be hanged for it." He never moved a mussle of his faoe; bat his colour went with a ruBh-he was as white as a ghost ia a moment. He rose with an effort. "This is a mauvaue plauanterie," he cried, " at such a time as thiB! A mauvaue flaisanterti!" (He was more than half French, and his native language came natural to him at these critical moments.) '. No plauanterie at all," I tCnewered very grim, " but a simple statement of my medical opinion. Look here, Mr. So and eo, we are two; you are one. Now I give you fair warning. This lady upstairs is being slowly poisoned. Unless she recovers we will hold you answerable. You wanted tbe best advice. Well, now yen have got it. Don't, suppose yon can deceive me by using a little-known poison. I won't let you murder her. Yonr wife mnet rerajver., I have my ey&upoo; yon. If anything.«verhappenB to ber, now or here after. I shall take good oare there ia foil enquiry; and so will Dr. Harvey, I say no more than. that. And I wish you a very good morning. To-morro K when I oome I shall expect to see a marked improvement." And so I.did, She waa-deoidedly better. In three weeks she was well. In aanontb she was at Herr .gate, I never undeoeired her. She loved the creature; acd Lallowed her to goon loving him. But Ioonfess I was relieved when four years later he providentially; broke his wretched neck on tbe Sohreckborn. It un burdened my mind of the responsibility of walgihing him. . - . .I® ;other cases THave my doubtg. - But- in 'baf one I'm confidant I really 'saved my patients life; and X should tbiuk-you agree witlme, -? ?> i.. 