Old-time Coasters and Their Captains. A correspondent writes:—"The death of Captain Hampton removes, untimely, one more of our brave phalanx of coasting-steamer cap-<*> tains—of the men who, on the dark midnight bridge, have faced the stormy seas and gales of East Australia for decade after decade till the • majority* of them are not here, but have be come ' hands that have vanished and voices that are still.' What a review it is to look back to them since 18501 Not one of them haa written a book, but what tales they could have told us of dark nights and high seas, and lonely watobes, howling gdes, and slippery decks; dimly seen headlands and frinily blink ing lighthouses all too far apart; scores of Sleeping passengers, ladies, and children below decks, tbeir lives in the hands ot the man on the bridge, for voyage after voyage. How the list of *naraes now begins to swell up. Gilmore of the Shamrock, Pockley of the Emma, Mulhdl and (Isaac Warner (who died up North), Wm. Bell of the Yarra and Benjamin Paddle; Moodie and Clinoh in the far baok years, Champion and Hirst, Brookes and Buttery, and more of them all as dead as Neatby and Green are, and if I did not mention Lake and Cottier before it is not because they do not date from the earliest time, but because they, unlike Knight of the Waratah, O'Reilly and M'Lean, are still with us, and this again carries one baok to the me mory of the pleasant old • boats' whose bunks have rested us and tbeir saloon mirrors re flected our faoes and those of our (now grown up and married) sons and daughters when they came home from Sydney for the Christ mas holidays as children in the fifties and sixties. Old boats whose * bones' now lie on the beaoheß and oyster banks, the Oity of Sydney, the Prince of Wdes, the Oawarra, the Telegraph, Yarra Yana, and|Wotonga, Cheviot, and the Ly-ee-Moon; they, all ghosts now, with the Dandenong and Keilawana (which sunk out at sea), oould, if they were able to speak, tell ns whole volumes of early Australian life, and history, and progress. Farewell old skippers! farewell old steamers! onr globe ever waltses on to the flat of that dread, resistless, unheard muaie, which bids all things move, pass on, change, and be forgotten in their turn, and eaoh yearly round that is completed marks more and more gaps in the ranks of the brave see band tbat faced the ground swell, and the southerly current, and the lee shore ot our unlighted coast on this mighty eastern sea-face of big New Holland, which looks out on the widest ocean stratoh on our planet." Some still existing superstitions among fishermen are communicated by a resident in Fraserburgh to an Aberdeen contemporary, the Daily Free Press. At the beginning of the herring season the orew dl try to seise the herring first on board, to see if it be mdc or female. If it is a male, thdr fishing may be expected to be a poor one; if a femde, a good one. Sometimes, however, the skipper secures it and hides it away, sdting it, and laying it past for the season. The boat must not ba turned against the son. Certain animals con sidered of ill-omen must not be spoken of in the boat, and ministers in this respect occupy the same plaoe as rabbits, bares, and pigs. Fishermen do not like to lend anything to a neighbouring boat lest thdr luok should go with it. If they lend a match, they will oon trive—secretly if possible—to break it and keep part, hoping thereby te retain thdr luck. Their dislike to have anything stolen is increased by the fear that the thief may bave stolen tbeir luok with it. To ask the question, ••Where are you going?" of any one who is going on board is equivalent to destroying all his ohanoes for that time. Persons with certain names are held to be of bad omen, the dreaded names being different in different villages. Thus wrote Richard Jefferies on " Old Oom pamons":—" Not tor many years was I able to sse why I went the same round aad did not ears for change. I do not want change. I want the same old aad loved things, the same wild flowers, the same trees and soft ash green; the turtle-doves, the blackbirds, ths coloured yellow-hammer sing, sing, singing so long as there is light to east a shadow oa the dial, for suoh is the measure of his song, and I want them in the same place. Let ma find them morning after morning, the starry-white petals radiating, striving upwards up to their ideal. Let me see the idle shadows resting on tbe white dust; let me hear the bumble-bees, and stay to look down on the yellow dandelion disk. Let me see the wiry thistles opening tbeir great crowns; the reed-grasses hiding the moor-hen; the bryony vine, at first crudely ambitious and lifted by force of youthful sap straight above the hedge-row to sink of its weight presently and progress with crafty tendrils; swifts shoot through the air with out stretohed wings, like crescent-headed shaftless arrows darted from the olouds; the Chaffinch with a feather in her bill; all the living stdr case of tbe spring, step by step, upwards to the great gallery of the summer—let me watch the same succession year by year." A letter from Libreville, published in the Paris Temps, gives some details of the massacre of the mission of the Katanga Company, headed by M. Hodister. It appears that the explorer, trusting Lieutenant Mikils's as surance of Arab friendship, had set out from Beni Kamba with three Europeans, having established faotorles on the Lomani at Yanga, Beni Kamba, and Lomo. Trying to parley, M. •Hodister was not listened tp. He and his "comrades 'were seised, tortured, and put to 'death, and tbeir heads were flock on Pjgkgjnd their bodies eaten.' . ■^^'^g^|g 