aysoipieh's ;Y.'- 'secret. v : By 1 Cnptl- Charles King. : Cppynght. ; ,Publishe>l bjispecial arranger ' ; 'merit.'. . , ' Continued from last wceh. ' ; ; ; ; ; CHPTEB; XTL "Aim well, men, but fire lively." Before quitting the ambulance and lta precious freight ElUs had made snch ex amination of tho neighborhood as was possible in tho thick darkness, and dis- covered that they rvoro'oloso to the edge of a narrow, winding ravine with ab ruptly sloping banks, and it was in here that those sagacious mules had songht Blielter from the force of tho blast. The ambnlonco was standing on a veritable ridge, exposed to the full fury of tho gale, the elope to the rapid running Wolf just In front, the ravine to the right rear. Shouting to tho ladlos to fear nothing, he hnd no difficulty, when aided by the . driver, in starting tho wheels, and tho instant tho vehicle was partially turned Into tho track of tho storm it was blown backward down into tho soft, bed of snow, already thick and deep. Here, under the leo of tho bonks, the stout wagon wns comparatively shel tered, for the top of the canvas cover was jnst a trifle below tho general level of the prairio. The mnles, startled from their fancied security by the rattle of wheels and canvas as tho ambulance was rim down tho slope into their midst, soizod with ono of their unaccountable panics tore blindly away up the farther bank and out upon tho storm swept lovol beyond. Then in tho whirling cloud of snow Ellis had roinouuted, shouted again a fow encouraging words to tho ladies within, assuring them ho and his Btnrdy troop horse would have no diflicnltyiu reaching camp and bringing aid, urging them meantime to keep snugly bundled in thoir robes, and with Mrs. Berrion's brave voice and cheery "God speed yon, ergeantl" ringing in his ears, ho rode gallantly away, forded tho shallow stream at tho mouth of tho coulee and then, facing the gale, spurred forth upon his perilous mission. Tho driver and tho already somnolent Pete, with what was 'toft of tho contents of the depleted flask, crawled into tho cnowbed beneath tho wagon body, rolled tliomBelves into thel.r joint Btook of robes and hlanketB and prepared to spend a comfortable night. It was an old story to both. But, despite all tho driver's efforts on tho way, tho galo bad forced them far to the right of tho main road and thoso which paralleled it, the only ones at oil familiar to tho Twelfth, and when Brewster and his little squad reached tho ford, along toward two o'clock in tho morning, thoy Bought in vain in uvory tavine and break — shouted, fired ihu; carbines and sounded their trumpet, al» to no purpose. Not on answerine oiy rewarded their efforts. From Ellis ! in scription Brewster knew that tho Indies were so muffled in furs that within lu'Jr canvas shelter they could hardly suuVr greatly from the cold. He wns assuieo. . that tho driver and Peto were with them, also well provided with robes and ble.nl:- . ets, and that thoy wereinnoluimouiAi e danger of freezing; but he could not boar tho thought of the long, weary waiting, the dread anxiety, tho durii- noss, the isolation in all that howling , wilderness. Ho conld picturo Winifred noatled in her mother's arms, wonder ing, wondering, as tho hours dragged by, when, If ever, human aid would come to their relief. At four o'clock ho and his party had searched ami scouted for half a dozen miles up and down tho valley. Somo of his best and. stanchest men were giving ont, and . these, with Sergeant Brooks, he ordered to push along with tho galo and seek news and shelter at tho station. Throe others he posted near the main crossing of the Wolf, under tho leo of a little bluff, where thoy and thoir horses speedily stamped a hole in tho snow drifts around tho hospital ambulance and huddlod for warmth — fires thoy conld not light, even had thero been a vostigo of fuel — and then, with threo un daunted campaigners at his hack, he had onco again turned down stream, fol lowing its wanderings in tho darkness nnd feeling for ravines ho could not seo along tho southern bank. Time and again they dismounted and ran besido their horses to restore circulation to tho numbed and stiffened feet and fingers. Time and again thoy plunged waist deep into drifts and the horses flounder ed to thoir girths in the powdery snow. At last Brewster noted that hero ond there far in tho northwestern skies tho stars wero beginning to peep; the clouds wore driving away, the dawn was nigh, the hurricane abating. Broader and brighter the daylight stole over tho etorm swept prairie, streaked here and there with fleecy, winding veins, and when at last the sun arose in its un clouded splendor the gale had died away, to a more ghost of its furious self, and they rubbed tho icy fringe from thoir battered eyelids and gazed long and wistfully np and down that shallow, ; winding volley, all heaped and tumbled with tho driven snow, and saw not a sign of those whom thoy had rushed to save. Never for an instant did Browster re lax his efforts. Giving each of his men a pull at the flask, ho selected little Murphy as about tho most compact and certainly the lightest of tho trio, and bade him mnko his way to camp and tell tho colonel that up to sunrise no vestige of tho lost ones had been fonnd, and suggest that additional parties be sent out at onco. "Tell somebody to bring my field glass," ho addod, as Murphy was about to rido away. "If 1 had dreamed wo would have found nothing of the ambu lance until this time, ,i never should have left it. Good luck to you now, corporal. Hide as lively as you can." Murphy turned promptly away, spur red his unwilling horse through tho ica into tho black and racing waters of tho Wolf and was presently following a lit tle break in the north side which led by a moro gradual ascent to tho prairie be yond. "Now, men, ono of yon rido back to ward tho party at tho ford, poke into every rnvino to your left — they're all full of snow; it may bo tho ambulance is so deep in the drift they could hear no sound. If you find anything, tho faint est trace, ride np on tho prairie and circle yonr horso to the left. Mors you como with mo." "Beg pardon, lieutenant, I think Mur- ' phy sea's somothing now," Boid Mors% indicating tho farther shore with a nod of his fur covered head. Whirling eag erly abont, Brewster was surprised to seo his littlo Irishman, a hundred yards or so away, crouching low on his horse's back, still in tho ravine and np to his girth in snow, and peering cautiously eastward, his eye3 jast level with tho bank. Then he was plainly seen to sig nal. In an instant Brewster and his men were plunging into the rapid stream, crushing tho ice that skirted tho shores and bounding out npon the frozen ground beyond. Again Murphy held forth a hand — a warning gesture, not a a beckoning ono. "Keep down, keep down," ho signaled, and wondering, tho little party of troopers cautiously fol lowed into the ravino. "What do you seo?' qnoried Brewster, eager and agitated. "Upon my soul, sir. I wish I knew; but it's more liko Indians than anything I. can think of." "Indians? where away?" And with a wild fear at heart Browster gazed over tho hank in tho direction indicated. "Indians, and coming this way, sir, or Tm a tenderfoot," muttered Morso, a man who had served in tho Twelfth for many a year. "What on earth can they bo doing so far south of tho agency? yon don't think nny of tho hostiles have got down this way?" "They're all hostiles, sir, when there's only threo or fonr ag'in them. It Uou't matter whether these aro from tho agency or tho Bad Lands now, if they can catch a whito man a-napping, and something has brought them out hore." "My God, maul yon don't suppose thoy'vo heard of tho ambulance?' "They hear things quicker than wo do, lieutenant. Day or night, calm or storm, thoso fellows can all around beat ns in getting news." "And they aro coming from tho north east, lieutenant," chimed in Murphy. "That means it they are from the vil lages near tho agency they've circled. . around our neoDle." Breathless tne Httlo party watched the coming dots. The stream bore to tire northeast after a deep bond abont half a mile away, and on tho farther hank, moving nearly parallel with the valley, about a dozon dark objects conld bo r.eon moving at rapid lopo, tho springing, tino- less gait of the Indian pony. Ponies they Were unquestionably, and each with hip rider. Every moment brought them nearer and nearer, nntil, as thoy spread ont in extended order across tho level surface, it was possible to count their number, eleven; possible to note that every now and then somo ono of the number in front or on the flanks would rein iu suddenly and circle around and stop, as though examining tracks upon the prairie. "It is not possible tho ambnlance can have got so far over as that," mattered Brewster. "It is not possible that thoy can linvo heard of it in all that fearful storm. Why, Morse, it's madness to think of it!" "I don't know how far the team may have been driven out that way, sir, but the blizzard came from the northwest, from their left front; it beat across their path all the way and mules won't ' face it,, and if it isn't the ambnlance they're after, what can it beV "My God, if wo only know where it wasl" groaned Brewster. "Come what may, men, we've got to stand 'twist it and those scoundrels. Here, Mnrphy, lively now, slip back down into the val ley and ride for all you're worth to the ford and bring those fellows back with you, every man of them. Tell them to keep under the bank and ride like helL Off with yon, now." And this time there was no recall; Murphy was out of sight in a flash. Nearer and nearer rode tho Bavago horsemen, now about n mile away. Already Morse and his silent comrade had swung their carbines out. of their leathern buckets, thrust a cartridgo in tho chamber and loosened others in the woven thimbles. Brewster never for an instant quit bis gaze, hut his hand had , stolen back and loosed the flap of the holster at his hip. The movements of . the Indians had puzzled him; they were riding not as though moving on some point already determined, but rather. as if searching, feeling their way. Every now and then, too, some of their num ber cantered to the edge of the bank and seemed to scrutinize the valley. "Snowdrifts are too deep and plenti ful in there, around that bend, sir. That's why they're np on the prairie." . Brewster's heart' seemed almost to stand still. All on a sadden the leaders swerved; the blanketed riders conld be seen bending low and over as thoy swung their nimble steeds in circle to . the right. And then, then, an instant more, and, tossing the powdery snow nil in a fleecy white clqud, there, came tear ing up out of the depths of some unseen coulee a lively herd of Indian ponies re joicing in their unwonted freedom and determined not to be herded back to slavery without a struggle. It was hard to repress the shont of joy that sprang to the soldiers' lips. Then it wasn't the ambnlance after all; noth ing bat this frolicsome band of rascals that, after breaking away from the In dian boys the evening before, had doubt less been driven before the gale, de manding the sending forth' of quite a party of the young men in search, even before the storm had folly abated. For a moment the troopers forgot their mis sion as they watched the chase. Fresh and unhampered by weight of any kind the scurrying band came sweeping along the edge of the distant bluff, following an active, mischievous leader and leav ing their jaded pursuers far behind. The Indian knows too much to chase a run ning horse; he leaves him to his own de vices, well knowing he will more quick ly atop when unpursued nnd can then more readily be headed off and turned hack to the ways ho should go. On came the nimble herd fnll tilt toward the elbow in the shallow valley, where a broad white streak told of deep drifted snbw, and there the leader veered to the left and south and would doubtless have stretched away at racing speed on that course but for one young warrior on a dun colored pony, who with the speed of the wind came darting out across the level surface beyond, gamely, skillfully heading him. Around went the leader once more in a wide circle westward, around the southermost edge of the fleecy drift, and then, with thundering hoofs, the whole troop went bounding away to the west without a living soul to interpose between them and the bald, rolling heights at the far horizon, miles and miles away. "Go it, ponyl I'm glad.to see a red skin done for onceP was Morse's jubi lant shout. And then, suddenly and sharp, "Good Godl What's that, Lien- tenant?. Lookl" Not six hundred yards.away, now, the little band of ponies, following their ' spirited leader, had suddenly halted at the very edge of some dip or sink in the prairie that lay to the southeast of the snowy rift in which the troopers wore crouching, still hidden, they and their horses, from the sharp eyes of the chas ing Indians. Then as suddenly, tossing high their scraggy manes, as though with one accord, the nhnhle brutes whirled to ths south, their leader in dulging in a fine flourish of heels as he sped away. And now Morse lay against tho bank pointing eagerly tq a couple of black objects startlingly outlined on the glistening white of ths snow, two ob jects that came plunging up from the invisible depths of the hollow, strug gling breast deep in the drifts, and at last reached the edge of the prairie, and, followed instantly by another couple, , with their long ears erect, with out- 1 stretched neck and eager brayings, clat- . tercd away in pursuit of the herd, i Brewster knew them at a glance — Star- j rett's ambulance mules. Indeed, tho ( broken pole was still dangling between tbe two in rear and bounding with them over the frozen turf. i And that swerve, that sudden halt and torn to the sonth end, had cost the band their liberty. Darting along abreast of them, but nearly half a mile away to tbe south, the warrior on the dun colored pony had shot far ont beyond them, and now, sweeping around in a wide circle to his right, rode between them and the broad wastes to the west. Two otljer te dious were circling in their front, bar ring the way to the low. hills to the south. Others still, straggling far out eastward, reined up so as not to inter fere with tho "ronndlne" of the hard. and in a moment or two more these three oxperts had turned their runaway property in wide sweep back into tho shintog track of the sun, and tela very few minutes 'tho matter was settled; the ponies wore' sulkily trotting along tho bank beyond the bend, headed for home and hard work again, with the ambu lance mulo's braying at their heels. Here the younger Indians, ' the boys,, took charge, and from tho distant slopes, from south and east and from tho prai rie to the west, tho others come canter ing toward that sharp angle half a mile away and gathered in eager consulta tion about one who seemed to be their leader. All this, and much more, Brewster and his men were watching with- bound ing pulses, in breathless excitement, Brewstc-r with feelings of mingled hope and despair. Now he knew that the ambulance must be somewhere near at hand, possibly up that long ravine on the eouth side that Blanted in from the prairie not a hundred yards away below them. Surely tho banks looked as thongh there were a good ford at that point. Might not that be the very one of which Ellis spoke? Now, if it were but possi ble to drop back out of the drifts in which they wore hiding and reorosa the stream, they might yet creep unobserved into the mouth of that gully and feel their way afoot until, somewhere in the snow, they came upon, as ho now felt sure they must, the stormbound wagon with its precious contents. From their crouching place it was Impossible to see across the ridge that separated them from tho ravine referred to; but to the southeast tho prairie lay before them, and the keenest eye conld detect no sign of hollow between that which lay so near them and that from which those vagabond .mules had emerged far ont upon the plain. Somehow Brewster felt certain that now at last he was actually within pistol shot of the ambnlance, within speaking distance, almost, of the girl he so fondly loved, whose very life at this instant depended not only on his j courage, but also on his judgment. One false move would ruin all. So long as the Indians kept np their | powwow at the bend, so long was Wini- j fred safe. The longer they delayed the | nearer would it bring Mnrphy and the men from the main crossing three miles away up stream. Then, six to six, he conld laugh at the Sioux. But nny one who knew Indians at ail knew that the discovery of tho mules would only set them to work to find the snow camp from which the animals had broken away. Aye, even as these tbingB flashed 1 through his mind, Brewster conld sea i that they were signaling "halt" to the i herd gnard, and that two of tbe young- I sters were lashing their ponies out in front of the band and gradually bring- I ing it to a standstill. Almost at the same moment, too, those in consultation sepa rated, three riding swiftly after the herd, while the other three, slowly and cautiously, began to advance toward the hollow whence the mules had omerged. Evidently they expected to find the white man's wagon there. "Now is yonr time, men," muttered Brewster. "Quick! Off with yonr side lines and double them about yonr horses' i fore feet so that they can't even hobble ont of the drift. Keep them here. Take yonr lariat and hopple my horse, one of you. Throw him if need be. Til watoh those beggars down stream. Ah, ;1 thought so," he muttered, "they've grabbed the mnles and are examining the harness; that will tell them easily . enough they were cut loose after break- ' ing the pole. Quick, men! throw snow ' by the bushel all over yonr horses. BoU , in it yourselves. Get all the white on 1 yon can; then run down ths gully as ' soon as you have yonr horses hidden and watch for my signal. The moment I sky go, bend donblo and scamper to the ice yonder, then make for the bluffs. XTl follow instantly." | Meekly the two troop horses, after ' having been led to a deeper point down : the conleo, bent there heads and sub- mitted to the lnshing together of their ! fore feet, but Brewster's "Black Jack" : was of different mold. He would not : yield. i "Over with him, Morse. No time to i lose now. Lash him tight or he'll break . away," called Brewster. And poor Jack's plunging availed him nothing. I A moment more, with a dismal groan he was on his side in tbe soft, cold bed, the lariat was being lashed and knotted so that even furions struggles could not free him, and then, to add to the indig nity, his erstwhile friends and comrades were heaping new insult and a storm of snow upon him. Jack couldn't under stand it. "Ready, men! They're juBt peeping over in the hollow now. The moment they're fairly in it, I give the word." Twenty — thirty seconds of breathless Silence. Then a quiok gesture; a quick, \ low toned, but imperative "Got" j Go thoy did, skimming over the pool I above the rapids, leaping the narrow chasm where the black waters, dancing anil frothing, had defied the ice king; ducking under the opposite bank; car bines in hand, revolvers at the hip, car tridges gleaming in every belt; and after them, leaping,: vet bending low, went Brewster, Another moment and they reached the mouth of the ravine, bnrst through the powdery drift, and then, Brewster leading, eyes everywhere, aL most on- all fours, they scurried along half way np tho opposite slope, keeping well nnder the oreht and just at the edge of the deepdrifta to their right. Fifty- sixty yards' they mads their rapid way, and thenaronnd a little bend and among great heaps and inonndsof glistening, shimmering white 1 there rose' an odd- shaped heap, only a trifle higher than Its fellows, and from the midst of. it there projected a dingy, whity-brown canvas, slanting to the north, and with a cry of delight half stifled in his lips Carroll' Brewster leaped into the snow, floundered to his armpits in the powdery drift, and in a moment more had forced his way through the fragile white wall before him, hod seized the handle of tho door and Winifred Berrien, storting from her mother's clasping arms, blinded for' an instant by the glare of radiant sum- | ihine, barely able as yot to rally from the rtjupor like slumber into whloh she had, fallen, hoard her namo called in the joya ons'tones shVknew Bo well' and saw his lover,, a Btalwart, glowing, rejoloing I yynngsnory.godi ail sparkling' with the I white orystala, all glistening in the glo-. j rious . beams, gazing upon her with a ; lqve light in ms" bravo bine eyeB that | brought instant glow to her own wan ! and pallid oheek. And then, before she oould even speak, before her. mother I conld emerge from the enfolding rebea, | a shout was heard, then the sudden ring of a rifle shot, followed instantly by an other, the spat as of a whiplash on the canvas top. Something- tore its way through the roof -and front with spiteful "zip." , "Downl down npon tho floorl both of yon, quickl" shontod Brewster, as he slammed the door, and the next instant they heard the order in his ring ing tones, half stifled in tho enow. "Fire, menl Keep 'em offl Firei" Thoy heard the qniok bangl bang! of carbines close at band, the prompt re sponse of rifles distant as were the first, the whistle of lead through the ioy ait the shrill veils of battling Indians, the furious gallop of bounding hoofs. Every where to their front the rapid fire in creased- More yells, partly of triumph, partly summoning additional warriors to the spot, then the muffled beat of coming hoofs, and in the midst of it ail Brewster's stern voice, calm and steady-. "Aim well, men, but fire lively. Don't let them again get so close as to bare a shot at the wagon. Watoh that above all." Two — three minntes the sound of battle raged about them, increasing at the front. A soldier voice was heard to say "There's more of them coming, sir. You can see them down there to the east " And Mrs. Berrien's heart grew faint with tear. Winifred had buried her faoe npon her breast and closed her ears to the horrid sounds And then, all on a sudden, the yells of the charging In dians seemed to grow fainter, then sonnde of dismay arose among them, then tbe cries were drowned in the clat ter of ironshod hoofs and the chorus of soldier cheers. Mnrphy and his little sqnod came whirling np the bank, nnd Mrs. Berrien's heart poured forth in praise and thanksgiving at the ' joyous Milesian bail: "To hell wid 'om, fellers! Sure all B throop's eomin— not two inileB behind!" (To be continued.) 