By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The Son of his Father," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," "The Rose in June," "The Greatest Heiress in England," " Whiteladies," "Within the Precinots," "It was a Lovor and his Lass," " Adam Graeme," &o.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.) Chapter LI. Those who were left behind were nob very careful of what Colonel Kings ward did. _ They were not thinking of his concerns—in the strain of personal feeling the most generous of human creatures is forced to think first of their own. Neither of the women who were left in the room had any time to consider the matter, but if they had they would have made sure without hesitation that nothing which could happen to Colonel Kingsward could be half so important as that crisis in which his i daughter was involved. Mrs. Leigh turned round upon the girl by j her side and seized her hands. " Bee," Bhe cried, "now we are alone and we can speak freely. Tell me what it was? there is nobody here to frignten you, to take the words from your mouth. What was it, what wasit?—that made you turn from Aubrey? _ At last, at last it oan be cleared up, whatever it was." Bee turned away, trying to disengage her bands. "It is of no consequence," ehe said. " Oh, don't make me go. back to those old, old things. What does it matter to Mr. Leigh? and as for me " "It matters everything to Aubrey. He will be (able to clear himself if you will give him the chance. How could he clear himself when he was never allowed to speak, when he did not know ? Bee, in justice, in mere justice! What was it ? You said your mother " "Yes, I had her then. We heard it to gether and she felt like me. But we had no time to talk of it after for phe was ill. If you would please not ask me, Mrs. Leigh ! I was "very miserable—mother dying, and nowhere, nowhere in all the world anything to trust to. Don't, oh, don't make me go back upon it! I am not—so very—happy, even now." j The girl would not let herself be drawn into Mrs. Leigh's arms. She refused to rest her head upon the warm and' ample bosom which was offered to her. She drew away her hands. It was diffioult, very difficult, to keep from crying. It is always hard for a girl to keep from crying when her.being, is bo moved. The only chance for her was to keep apart from all oontact, to stand by herself and persuade her self that nobody cared and that she was alone in the world. " Bee, I believe," said Mrs. Leigh solemnly, " that you have but to speak a word and you will be happy. You have not your mother now. ' You can't turn to her and ask her ifhab you.should do. _ Bub I am sure that she would say, speak! If she were here she would not leb you break a man's hearb. and spoil his life for 5, punctilio; I have always heard "she was a good woman and kind—kind. "Bee," the elder lady laid.her hand suddenly on the girl's shoulder, making h'er; start, "she would say ' speak'-if she "were here." " Oh, mamma, ifyou were here !" said Bee, through her tears. She broke'dbwQ. .altogether and beoame in articulate, sobbing with her face buried in her hand8. The ordeal of the last two days had been severe. Charlie and his concerns and the appearance of Miss Lance, and the conflict only half understood which had been going on round her had excited and disturbed her be yond expression, as everybody could see and understand. But, indeed, these were but secondary elements in the storm which bad overwhelmed Bee, which was chiefly brought back by that sudden plunge into the atmos phere of Aubrey. The sensation of being in his house, which she might in other circum stances have shared with him, of sitting at his table, in his seat, under the roof that habitu ally' sheltered him—here where her own life ought to have been passed, but where the first condition now was that there should be nothing of him visible. In Aubrey's house, but not for Aubrey. Aubrey banished, lest perhaps her eyes might fall on him by ohance or her ears be offended by the sound of his voice ! Even his mother did not understand how much this had to do with. the passion and the trouble of the girl, from whose eyes the innocent name of her mother, sweetest though saddest of memo ries, had let forth the salt and boiling tears. If Mrs. Leigh had been anybody in the world save Aubrey's mother Bee would have clung to her, accepting the tender support and con solation of the elder woman's arms and her sympathy but from Aubrey's mother she felt herself compelled to keep apart. It was not until her almost convulsive sob bing was over that this question could be re opened, and in the meantime Betty having heard the sound of the closing door came rush ing downstairs and burst into the room; per haps she was not so much disturbed or excited as Mrs. Leigh was by Bee's condition; she gave her sister a kiss as she lay on the sofa where Mrs. Leigh had placed her and patted her on the shoulder. "She will be better when she has had it out," said Betty. "Sheha3 worked herself up into such a state about Miss Lance: and oh ! please tell me what lias happened. You are her enemy too, Mrs. Leigh—oh, how can you mis judge her so, as if she had been the cause of any harm. I was sent- away," said Betty, "and of course Bee would not speak—but I could have told you. Yes, of course, I knew, how could I help knowing, being her sister? I can't tell whether she told me ; I knew without telling, and of course 6he must have told me . This is how it was Bee put forth her hand and caught her sister by her dress—but Betty was not bo easily stopped. She turned round quickly and took the detaining hand into her own and patted and caressed it. "It is far better to speak out," she said, "it must be told now, and though I am young and you call me little Betty I cannot help hearing, can I, what people say ? Mrs. Leigh, this was how it was. Whatever happened about dear Miss Lance—whom I shall Btick to and believe in whatever you say," cried Batty, by way of an interlude, with flashing eyes, "that had nothing, nothing to do with it. That was a story like Charlie's I suppose, and Bee no more made a fuss about it than I should do. It was after, when Bee was standing by Aubrey, like —like Joan of Arc; yes, of course I shall call him Aubrey—I should like to have him for a brother; but that has got nothing to do with it. A lady came to call upon mamma; and she told a story about some one on the railway who had met Aubrey on the way home after that scene at Cologne, after he was engaged to Bee, and miserable beoause of papa's opposition." Betty Bpoke eo fast that her words tumbled over each other, so to speak, in the rush for utterance. "Well, he was seen," she resumed, pausing for breath, "putting a young woman with children into one of the sleeping carriages—a poor young woman that had no money or right to be there. He put her in, and when they got to London he was seen talking to her and giving her money as if she belonged to him. I don't see any. harm in that,' for he was always kind to poor people. But these ladies did—and I suppose so did mamma—and Bee blazed up. That is just like her. Sh6 takes fire—she never waits to ask questions—she stops her ears. She thought it was something dreadful, showing that he had never cared for her—that he had cared for other people even when he was pretending — I should have done quite different. I should have said, 'Now, look here, Aubrey, what does it mean ?' —or, rather, I should never have thought anything but that he was kind. He was always kind—silly, indeed, about poor people, as so many are." Mrs. Leigh had followed Betty's rapid narra tive with as much attention as she could con centrate upon it, but the speed with which the words flew forth, the little interruptions, the expressions of Bettys matured and wise opinions, bewildered her beyond measure. " What does it all mean'.'" she asked, looking from one to another when the story was done. " A sleeping oarriage on the railway—a woman with ohildren—as if'she belonged to him? How could a woman with children belong to him?" Then she paused and grew crimson with an old woman's painful blush. "Is it vice, horrible vulgar vice, this child is attribut ing to my boy?" The two girls stared confused and troubled. Bee got up from the sofa and put her hands to her head, her eyes fixed upon Mrs. Leigh with an appalled and horrified ,look. She had not asked herself of what Aubrey had been accused. She had fled from before the dreadful thought of relationships she did not understand, of something which was the last insult to her, whatever it might be in itself. Vulgar vice 1 The girls were cowed as if some guilt had been imputed to themselves. " You are not line anything I have known, you girls of the period 1" cried the angry mother. "You are acquainted with such things as I at my age had never heard of—you make accusations! But now—- Heshali answer for himself," she said, flaming with righteous wrath. Mrs. Leigh went to the bell and rang it so violently that the sound echoed all over the house. "Go and ask your master to come here at once, directly; I want him this moment," she said, stamping her foot in her impatience. And then there wa3 a pause. The man went off and was seen from the window to cross the street on his errand. Then Bee rose, her tears hastily dried up, pushing back from her fore head her disordered hair. "I had better go. If you have sent for Mr. Leigh it will be better that I should go." Mrs. Leigh was almost incapable of speech. She took Bee by the shoulders and put her back almost violently on the sofa. " You shall stay there," she said in a choked and angry voice. What a horrible pause it was! The girls were silent, looking at each other with wild alarm. Betty who had blurted out the story, but to whom the idea of repeating it before Aubrey —before a man 1 was unspeakable horror, made a step towards the door. Then said she, "No, I will not run, away" with tremendous courage, "It is not our fault," she added after a pause. " Bee, if I have to say it again give me your hand." " It is I who ought to say it," said Bee, pale with the horror of what was to come. Vulgar vice ! And she to accuse him and to stand up before the world and say that was why 1 It seemed a long time, but it was really only a few minutes before Aubrey appeared. He came in quickly, breathless with haste and sus pense. He expected from what his mother had told him to find Miss Lance and Colonel ICingsward there. He came into the agitated room and found, of all people in the world, Bee and Betty, terrified—and his mother walking about the room sounding as it were a metaphorical lash about their ears in the frank passion of an elder woman who has the most just cause of offence and no reason to bate her breath. There was something humorous in the tragic situation, but to them it was wholly tragic, and Aubrey seeing for the first time after so long an interval the girl he loved and seeing her in such strange circumstances was by no means disposed to see any humorous Bide. " Here, Aubrey," said his mother. "I have oalled upon you to hear what you are accused of. You thought it was Laura Lance, but she has nothing to do with it. You are acoused of travelling from Germany—that time when you were sent oS from Cologne—the time those KingswardB turned upon you " (The girls started both, and recovered themselves a little at the shook of this contemptuous descrip tion) "travelling in sleeping carriages and I know not what with a woman and children— who were believed to belong to you! What have you to say ?" " That was not what I said, Mrs. Leigh." "What have you to say?" cried Mrs. Leigh, waving her hand to silence Betty, " the accused has surely the right to speak first." "What have I to say? But to what, mother ? What is it ?—was I travelling with a woman and children? I suppose I was travelling—with all the women and chil dren that were in the same train. Butt other wise of course you know I was with nobody. What does it mean?" Bee got up from the sofa like a ghost, her blue eyes wild, her face pale. " Oh, let us go, let us go! Do not torment us," she said. "I will acknowledge that it was not true. Now that I see him I am Bure it was not true. I was mad. I was so. stung to think . Mrs. Leigh, do not kill me ! I did him no barm; do not, do not go over it any more !" "Go over what?" cried .Aubrey. "Bee! She oan't stand, she doesn't see where she is going. Mother, what on earth does it matter what was against me if it is all over ? Mother, how dare you torture my poor girl ?" This was naturally all the thanks Mrs. Leigh got for her efforts to unravel the mystery, which the reader knows was the moat innocent mystery, and which ha9 never been cleared up or thought of since that day. It came olear of itself the moment that Aubrey, only to support her, tookJBee into his arms. 