ALL ALONG THE RIVER. By MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Venetians, or All in Honor," "Aurora "Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Just as I Am," "Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Weft," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter I.—"The Rain Set Early in To-night." It had been raining all the morning, and it was raining still—in that feeble and desultory manner which presages a change of some kind —when the postman came with the long expected Indian letter. He was later than usual. It was nearly 2 o'olook, and Isola had been watching for him since 1—watching with an unread book in her lap, and her untasted luncheon upon the table. She had been sitting by the open window, look ing out at the wet landscape, the glistening hedgerow and dull grey river, with the great green hill beyond, a Bteep slope of meadow land, dotted with red cattle, and so divided by hedgerows as to look like a Titanic chess board. At last she heard the familiar tread of the postman's heavy boots and saw his shining oilskin hat moving above the edge of the hollies, and heard the click of the iron latch as he came into the little garden. She called to him from the window, and he came tramping acros3 the sodden grass and put her letters into her outstretched hand. One from her married Bister in Cadogan place; that would keep. One from an old schoolfellow; that would keep. And one—the long-looked-for Indian letter, which she tore open eagerly and read hurriedly, devouring the close lines, in the neat black penmanship, with its decided up and down strokes _ and legible characters, so firm, so strong, so straight forward, like the nature of the man who wrote the letter. The tears sprang to her eyes as she came to the end, and her hand orushed the thin paper in a paroxysm of vexation or despair. "Six months—perhaps a year before he can oome back, and I am to go on living here— alone, unless I like to send for a girl whose face I never saw to keep me company and cheer me with her good spirits. I want no strange girls. I want no one's good spirits. I hate people with good spirits. I want him and nobody but him. It is- hard that we should be parted like this. I ought to have gone with him in spite-of all the doctors in Christendom." She relented towards the letter which her feverish hand had used so badly. She smoothed out the flimsy paper carefully with that pretty little hand, and then she re-read the husband's letter so full of grave tender ness and fond consoling words. He was with his regiment in Burmah, and the present aspect of things gave him no hope of being able to return to England for the next half-year, and there was no certainty that the half-year might not be stretched into a whole year. The separation could not be more irksome to his dearest Isola than it was to him, her husband of little more than a year; but not for worlds would he halve exposed her to the risks of that climate. He took comfort in thinking of her in the snug little Cornish nest, with his good Tabitha. Isola kissed the letter before she put it in her pocket, and then she looked round the room rather dolefully, as if the Cornish nest were not altogether paradise. Ind yet it was a pretty little room enough, half dining-room, half study, with well-bound books on carved oak shelves, and photographs and bright draperies, and cosily-cushioned bamboo chairs, and a bird cage and Persian cat, and the garden outside was not flowerless, even on the threshold of winter. The purple blossoms of the veronica were untouohed by frost; there were pale tea rose3 gleaming yonder against the dark glo3s of holly and laurel. There were star-shaped single dahlias of vividest red, like spots of flame; and close under the window, last splendour of departed summer, the waxen chalice of a lihum auratum, trembled on its tall stem, and filled the room with perfume. The rain was over—the monotonous drip, drip, whioh had irritated Isola's nerves all that morning, had ceased at last. She left the modest little lunch untouched upon the table, and went out into the hall, where her hat and jacket hung handy for any impromptu ramble. No need to look at oneself in the glass before going out of doors, at twenty years of age, and in suoh a place as Trelasco. Isola took her stick from the stand, a green orange stick, bought in the Bunny south on her way to Venice with her husband last year, a leisurely trip, whioh had been to them as a seoond honeymoon after a few happy months of wed lock. Then has come the sadness of parting, and a swift and lonely return journey for the young wife—a lonely return to the Angler's Nest, Trelasco, that cosy _ cottage between Lostwithiel and Fowey whioh Major Disney had bought and furnished before his marriage. He was a son of the soil, and he had chosen to pitch his tent in that remote spot for the sake of old associations, and from a fixed belief that there was no locality of equal merit for health, beauty, and all other virtues which a man should seek in his home. Isola rarely touohed that stick without re membering the day it was bought—a rainy day in Milan—just such a day as this, a low grey sky and an oppressive mildness of atmosphere She remembered with the sick pain that goes with long partings how she and her husband had dawdled away an afternoon in the Victor Emmanuel Gallery, buying handkerohiefs and Deckties, a book or two, a collection of photo graphs, and finally the orange stick. She went out to walk down her depression before tea-time, if possible. She went along a narrow path to the river, then turned into a road that skirted those green pastures which rose sheer till the ragged edge of the topmost boundary seemed to touch the dim, grey sky. She passed the village inn, deadly quiet at this season and at this hour. She passed the half-dozen decent cottages, and the three or four genteeler houses, each in its neatly-kept garden, and Bhe walked with quick, light step along the wet road, her useful tailor-gown well clear of the mud, her stiok striking the hedge row now and then as she swung it to and fro in dreamy thought. A long, lonely winter to look forward to—a winter like the last—with her books and draw ing-board, and her cottage piano, and the cat and the fox-terriers, and Tabitha for her daily companions. There were a few neighbors within a radius of half-a-dozen miles, who had been very civil to her ; who called upon her, say once in six weeks; who sometimes invited her to a stately dinner party, and some times at a suspiciously short notice, which made her feel Hhe was# wanted to fill a gap; who made her free of their tennis lawns; and who talked to her on Sundays after ohurch, and were always very particular in enquiring for any news from India. There was not one among them for whom she cared; not one to whom she would have liked to pour out her thoughts about Keats or Shelley,a or to whom she would have confided her opinion of Byron. She liked Buiwer's " Audley Egerton " better than any of those flesh and blood neighbors. She was happier sitting by her chimney-corner with a novel than in the best society available within a drive of Trelasco. She struck off the high road into a lane, a lane that led to the base of a wilder hill than that where the red cattle were grazing. The crest of the hill was common land, and dark fir trees made a waving line against the autumn sky, and the view from the summit was wide and varied, with a glimpse of the great brown cliffs and the dark grey sea far off to the west, to that dim distance where the Dodman [shut off the watery way to the new world. On the landward slope of that wild-looking ridge was the Mount, Lord Lostwithiel's place, unin habited for the greater part of the year except by servant-", his lordship being the very last kind o„ man to bury himself alive in a remote Cornish fastness, a long day's journey from the i London theatres and the Thames Yaoht Club. Who was Lord Lostwithiel? Well, in the estimation of Trelasoo he was the only noble man in England, or say that he was to all other peers as the sun to the other planets. He belonged to Trelasco by reason of his large landed estate and- the acoident of his birth, which had taken place at the Mount, and although his charaoter and way of life were not altogether satisfactory to the village mind, Trelasco made the best of him. Isola Disney olimbed the hill, an easy matter to light-footed twenty. She stood amidst the tall fir columns and looked down at the No vember landscape, very distinctly defined in the soft, grey atmosphere. She could see the plough moving 'slowly aoross the red earth in the fields below, the clumsy farm horses, white against the deep, rich fed. She could see the winding river, blueish grey, between its willowy banks, and far off towards Eowey wooded hills, where the foliage showed oraDge and tawny and russet and dun color between the blue-grey water and the pale, grey sky. She loved this wild lonely hill, and felt her spirits rise .in this lighter atmosphere as she stood.resting against the scaly trunk of the fir, with the wind blowing her hair. It was a relief to escape from the silence of those empty rooms, where, she had only the sleepy Persian cat or the hyper- intelligent fox terrier for com pany. There was a longer and more pic turesque way^home than that by .which Bhe had come. She could desoend the other side of the hill, Bkirt the gardens of the mount hy a path that led through the park, and whioh was free to foot passengers. It was one of her favorite walks, and she was bo accustomed to seeing the shutters olosed at the great house that she never expected to meet any one more alarming than a farm servant or a cottager's child upon the footpath. > There was athiok ohesnut cops* upon one side rad the wide espause of undulating turf, with an occasional dump of choioe timber, npon the other. The house stood on higher ground than the park, and was hemmed in and hidden by shrubberies that had overgrown the intention of the landscape gardener who planned them. Only the old grey stone gables, with their heavy slabs of slate, and the tall clustered chimneys showed above the copper beeohes, and deo daras, the laurels, ana junipers, and Irish yews, and the shining masses of arbutus with their crimson berries gleaming amongst the green. Isola had never seen that old Manor House nearer than she Baw it to-day, from the path which was a public right-of-way through the park. She knew that the greater part ol the building dated from the reign of Charles the Second, but that there were older bits, and that about the whole, and about these ancient rooms and passages most especially, there were nnmerous legends and traditions and historical associations, not without the suspioion of ghosts. The Mount was not a show place, like the home of the Treffrys at Fowey, and of late years it had been very seldom inhabited, except by certain human fossils who had served the house of Hulbert for two generations. She had often looked longingly at those quaint old gables, those clustered stone chimneys, likening the house amidst its overgrown shrubberies to the Sleeping Beauty's Castle, and had wished that she were on friendly terms with one of those drowsy old retainers. " I dare say if I were daring enough to open one of the doors and go in I should find them all asleep," she thought, "and I might explore the house from cellar to garret without awaken ing anybody." She was toodepressed and dis appointed to-day to give more than a careless, unseeing glance at those many gables as she walked along the muddy path beside the drip ping oopse. The ohesnut boughs were nearly bare, but here and - there a cluster of bright yellow leaves were still hanging, shining like pale gold in the last watery gleams of the sun; and though the leaves were lying sodden and brown among the rank wet grass, there were emerald mosses and cool green ferns, and red and orange fungi to give color to the fore ground, and to the little vistas that opened here and there amidst the tangle of under wood. Those final yellow gleams were fading low down in the western sky as Isola turned her face towards the river and the Angler's Nest, and just above that pale radiance of a watery sunset there stretched a dense blaok cloud, like a monstrous iron bar, which she felt must mean misohief. She looked at that black line apprehensively. She was three miles from home, without waterproof oloak or umbrella, and with no available shelter within three quarters of a mile. _ She quickened her pace, watching the fading light and lowering cloud, expecting thunder, lightning, hail, she knew not what, A sudden deluge resolved all her doubts. Torrential rain. That was the meaning of the inky bar above the setting bud. She looked round her help lessly. Should she dart into the copse and try to shelter herself _ amidst those leafless tw igs, those slender withies and saplings? Better to face the storm and plod valiantly on. Her neat little cloth gown would not be much the worse for a ducking ; her neat little feet were acoustomed to rapid walking. Should she run ? No; useless when there were three miles to be got over. A brisk steady tramp would be better. But brave as she was that fierce rain wa3 far from pleasant. It out into her eyes and blinded her. She had to grope her way along the path with her Btiok. " Pray let me take you to the house," said a voice olose beside her—a man's voice, low and deep, aDd with the accents of refinement. Could one of_ Lord Lostwithiel's fossilised servants talk like that? Impossible. She looked up as well as she could under that blinding downpour and saw a tall man stand ing beside the pathway with his back to the copse. Like Rosalind, he was more than common tall, and of slim aotive figure. He was pale, and wore a short dark beard, and the eyes which looked at Isola out of the pale thin face were very dark. That was about as much as she could see of the stranger in the November dusk. "Pray, let me persuade you to come to the bouse," he said, urgently. "You are being drenched. It is absolutely dreadful toseeany body out in such rain, and there is no other shelter within reach. Let me take you there. My housekeeper will dry your hat and jacket for you. I ought to introduce myself, perhaps. I am Lord Lostwithiel." She had guessed as much. Who else would speak with authority in that place ? She dimly recalled a photograph, pale and faded, of a tall man in a yeomanry uniform, seen in some body's album; and the face of the photograph had been the same elongated oval face—with long thin nose and dark eyes a shade too near together, which was looking down at her an xiously now. She felt it would be churlish to refuse shelter so earnestly offered. * "You are very kind," she faltered. "I am sorry to be so troublesome. I ought not to have come so far in such doubtful weather." She went with him meekly, walking. her fastest under the pelting rain, which was at her back now as they made for the house. "Have you really come far ?" he asked. "From Trelasco. I live at the Angler's Nest, a cottage by the river. You know it, Yes. I know every house ab Trelasco. There you are staying with Mrs. Disney, I presume?" " I am Mrs. Disney." "You?" with intense surprise. "I beg your pardon. You are so young. I imagined Mrs. Disney an older person." He glanced at the girlish figure, the pale, delicate face, and told himself that his new acquaintance could Bcarcely be more than nineteen or twenty. He had met Major Disney, a man who looked about forty—a luoky fellow to have caught such a pretty bird as this. riole continued.) 