A LOAN FROM A GHOST. A good many years ago the regiment to which I then belonged was quartered at Aldershot. After a long absence from England, spent on a parching rock in the middle of the Red Sea, bleak and dreary Aldershot seemed a very para- dise. It was delightfully near London, too ; leave was easily to be obtained, and a great part of my spare time and more than all my spare money was spent by me in the metropolis— spent, I am ashamed to confess, in riotous living and much disorder. I lost all my available funds, mortgaged my commission to the utmost penny, and found myself fevered and parched in body, in soul wretched and des- pairing. I had come to the end of my tether. I was done up, life had nothing but evil in store for me. On the following week I should be posted as a defaulter on the turf. I should leave the army in disgrace, and such tidings would kill my widowed mother. It was Sunday night ; I had been in London trying to raise money, but uselessly ; the Jews closed their fists to me. I only wanted a hundred pounds to pay my Derby losses ; this achieved, I could sell out and retire without open disgrace ; but I couldn't raise it. My last sovereign was changed in paying my hotel bill on that Sunday night. I had a return ticket to Aldershot in my pocket and a few shillings besides,nothing else in the world in the way of available assets. I think if I had been possessed of a five pound note I should have gone to Liverpool and taken a steerage passage to America. It was the limited extent of my means which made me resolve to go back to Aldershot and appear on parade next day. THE COLD MEAT TRAIN. At that time there was a train which, left— not Waterloo, but some station a little down the line ; it might have been Vauxhall, or possibly Nine Elms, I scarcely remember which— the station at midnight. It was popularly known amongst us as the " cold meat train." Its passengers were dead bodies for the Woking Cemetery. The railway had, for the convenience of the camp, affixed to this train one first-class carriage. After leaving the dead bodies at Woking the carriage was run on to Farnborough, whence you could walk to the camp. The train was moving when I got to the station, but I had just time, despite warning shouts of guards and porters, to open the door of the last carriage and jump in. The other com- partments of the carriage I noticed were lighted, but this one was dark : that didn't affect me ; I didn't want to read. I took out a box of matches, and proceeded to light a cigar. As the glow of the match lit up the interior of the carriage I saw in the corner a long dark object, quite black, and yet with some little metallic gleam about it ; it was a coffin reared up at the farther side of the carriage, a board being placed behind it, against which it leaned. I lit a match, and read the inscription on the plate : " William Heathcote, died 25th May, 18—, aged 25 years." The hair on my head rose in a mass, my heart ceased to beat. My own name, my own age, and the very date of the day that was now just born. A FEARFUL RESOLUTION. It chimed in, too, did this inscription so mys- teriously with that impulse I had felt the whole day—a turning to self-destrnction as a means of escape from all the degradations of life. I would accept the omen. I carried with me a small American revolver. It would kill at twenty paces. I drew it out and placed it against my forehead. Then it struck me that the ball after passing through my head, might pass also through the partition dividing the compartment, and strike some one in the next carriage. I turned, therefore, my back to the window, and again placed the muzzle of the pistol to my forehead. Again I withdrew it. There was no hurry. The train did not stop till it reached Woking. I wanted a signal ; the whistle of the engine as the driver sighted the red lamps of Woking should be the signal for my departure from the world. " Yes," I said aloud, turning upon myself in a sort of frenzy ; " yes, the moment the whistle sounds, William Heathcote, you shall die." The rising moon was shining brightly into the carriage, full upon the coffin, and upon its mys- terous inscription. I don't think I really believed this coffin had any tangible existence. It might be but the product of my own brain. Looking up, however, to see if it had disappeared I saw no longer the coffin lid, but a white shrouded, figure—a pallid, corpse-like face, the eyes of which shone upon me with a sepulchral gleam. For the moment I thought I had passed into the land of shadows ; that I was a disembodied spirit looking upon my own mortal remains. I came to myself with a deep gasp, digging my finger nails into my palms. Ah, the joy of that moment after the torture of the struggle back to life. Life ragged, miserable it might be, but still dear life, how precious it seemed. Shadows, I defied them. THE GHOST SPEAKS. " Come forth, old mole," I shouted to my double in the coffin. He came forth. As I live he stepped out of the coffin, seated himself opposite me, and leaned forward to speak into my ear. " Mercy ! Mercy !" shrieked the figure in a voice that pierced the roar of the train. " See," cried the figure, slipping a paper into my hands, " Keep it, keep it ; only don't betray me." " Whew-w" went the whistle of the engine. I turned my head for a moment, the moon had just passed into a cloud, the figure had vanished, the coffin still stood in the corner, dark and grim. It wasn't till I reached my own hut at Alder- shot that I examined the paper the ghost had given me, and which, in my delirium, I had imagined I had thrust into my waistcoat pocket. Here was a test, at all events ; if there was a real paper, bearing signs of its ghostly origin, then I was still sane, and the apparition I had witnessed was not a delusion of the brain. In the corner of my waistcoat pocket was a crumpled piece of flimsy paper : I unfolded it, and found it was a Bank of England note for a hundred pounds. From that hour I was an altered man. I paid my gambling debts, studied for the Staff College, passed a good examination, went to Sandhurst, came out with high honors, and, having a little influence at headquaiters, got an appointment as commissioner to watch the operations of the American War of Secession, on General 's staff. THE GHOST RE-APPEARS. It was at the close of a bloody, but decisive, battle, which resulted in the retreat of the Army of the South, that I visited the field hospitals at the rear of the Federal Army in search of a friend who had been wounded during the day. The doctors and attendants were all too busy to pay any attention to my wants, and I walked down the long rows of hastily improvised couches. Scraps of paper, on which the names of the patients had been hastily scrawled, were pinned to the coverings, and I started as I read on one " William Heath- cote"—my own name. The man appeared to be sinking from exhaustion, but he brightened up when he heard the tones of a friendly voice. I knelt down beside him, and asked if I could do anything for him. He nodded his head. " You're English," he whispered. " Yes, I am." " So am I. If you should be in the neighbor- hood of Bedford, and should be able to hear of an old man in the name of Heathcote, a retired draper, will you tell him his son died in a credit- able way ? I was a disgrace to him, sir, when I was alive ; but when I am dead, perhaps he will think kindly of me again. I'll tell you my story, sir. I was a rogue—I was, sir. I was an undertaker, but I was a collector of taxes, too ; and I entered into a conspiracy to defraud the Government. It came out, but I had warning in time. I shammed dead, and got away in one of my own coffins with all the ' swag.' They wasn't very keen after me, but just at the last moment I thought they'd have me. A detective followed me right to Woking, but I squared him with a hundred pound note, and got clear away to America by the Southampton packet. It never prospered me, that money ; and I got lower and lower till I 'listed as a soldier ; and here I am. I'm getting tired, sir. Don't for- get Bedford—Heathcote, retired draper." I passed on in wonder and astonishment. It was no special care, then, of an overruling Providence ; my wonderful warning and deliver- ance was a mere affair of chance and accident. As I passed the man's couch again he lay on it stiff and stark and dead. I found out the old man in Bedford. He was living with a daughter in abject poverty, and I repaid to him the hundred pounds with com- pound interest. To him I seemed a celestial visitant.—" Chambers's Journal." It was lately observed that the great lamp of the " eternal light" that burns before the chief altar in the Cathedral at Salzburg was extinguished every morning. Of course it was supposed that the attendant did not pour sufficient oil into the lamp to last through the night. After several warnings, he was told that he would be discharged, though he pro- tested his innocence. The deacon, how- ever, fearing to be unjust, one night remained in his confessional quite unobserved. At ten o'clock an enormous rat, running along the ceiling of the vault, crept cautiously down the rope by which the lamp is suspended, remained for some time feeding on the oil, and then retired the way he came. The mystery was thus explained and the man kept his place. 