THE House on the Marsh CHAPTER I. Continued. 1 CREPT buck into the lionse and np to my room, unpacked uiy boxes, aud sat down to write to my mother aii account ofmyjouruey n>id arrival. I did not tell her quite all that I i ad seen, or all the strange impres sions this fivi't evening had made upon me. 0 I felt very anxious to communicate them to somebody; but my mother was a gentle nervous woman, whom I had already, yonug as I was, learned to lead, rather than be led by; I knew that the least suggestion of mystery would cause her an agouy of doubt and anxiety about her child which I could not allay by letter ; bo I contented myfielf with the beauty of the place aud of Mr. Rayrer's kindness. I bud to finish this with candle-light, and, when I had ended, I rose and went to the window to give one more look at the scene UDder a new aspeot. My window, I afterwards found, was over the one at which I bad seen Mrs. Rayner's face; it was high enough from the ground for me to have, through the gap3 between the trees, a good view of the marsh and the hills beyond. A low cry of admiration burst from me as Hooked out. Over all the wide expanse of marsh, which seemed to stretch for miles on either hand, lay a white mi^t, rising only a few feet from the ground* but so thick as to look like a silver lake in the moonlight; a range of hills two or three miles off seemed to mark the opposite shore. The mist wns denso under my window,, too, on the very grass that I had waded through a couple of hours before. As I looked out aud tried to imagine little fairy boats in the elders which rose here and there out of the mist-hidden marsh, a shiver passed over me ; and I drew in my head with at sudden change of thought. " How cold it is ! Mr. aud Mrs. Rayner must be devoted admirers of the piciuresque to live in a house that must be bo very, damp I" CHAPTER IL I was down in the diniug-room the next morning, with' the unfailing punctuality of a new-comer, at the sound of the breakfast bell, before any one else was there.. Mr. Rayuer came in in a few minutes, handsome cheerful,, but rather preoccupied;, and I wan listening to bia brighii small-talk with the.polite stranger's smile, when I discov ered, without having heard any sound that Mr.-. Rayner was in the room.. She had glided in like a ghost,, and' was stealing at the table, waiting.. I was thankful to see tliut there was no trace in her eyes now of the steadfast eager gaze which had' discon certed me on the- night before, nothing- but the limpest indifference to>me in the-way in which she held out her hand; when, her hus band introduced me. " Shu must have been pretty ten years ago," I thought,, as I looked at her thin face, with the- fair faded aomplexion and dull grey eyes.. There was a gentleness about her which- would have been- grace still, if she had taken any- pains to set off by a little womanly coquetry her slim girl lilte figure, small- thin bands, and the masses of long brown bnir which were care lensly and;' unbecomingly dragged away from her forehead arid twisted up on: her bead. Then the'door opened', aud' the servants oaine in to- prayers, with the elfish baby and a pretty delicate-looking child;, blue eyed and fair-haired,, who was presented' to me before breakfast as Haidee, my pupil. Nobody talked during the meal, but Mr. Rayner, and tlieonly other noticeable thing was the improper- behaviour of the baby, / who kept throwing bits of bread- at her father when, he was not looking, and aimed a blow with a spoon at him when he passed her chair to cut himself some oold n^at.. 'He saw it and laughed at her.. " It is a most extraordinary thing," Miss Christie,'" said he; "but that child hates me." I thought he spoke in fun ;. but,, before I had been long at the Alders,. I found that it was true that this most unpleasant baby's strongest feeling was dislike of her father, though there seemed to be no reason for it, since he never did anything harsher than laugh at her.. She- would, not even take (.weets from his hand.. " You do not yet know what primitive people you have come among,Miss Christie," said Mr. Rayuer during breakfast.. "-We dino here at half-past one.. If we were to suggest late dinner, we should have tO' prepare our own food, like excommunicated persons. It is hard as it is to keep our modest staff of three servants.. They say the place ie diamp, which being interpreted, rpeans, that it is too far for their 1 young men' in the town to come and see them. Were you not surprised at the wording of my advertisement " Yes, Mr. Rayuer."' " My wife was afraid that it would frighten off many desirable young, ladies by its ogre ish abruptness.. The-fact is,, the lady who has just left us,, quite a typical instructress of forty, with prominent teeth and glasses, nearly frightened our livesout.. She wouldn't talk, and my wife'wants a cheerful compan ion ; and she said she was- dying of rheu matism,, and threatened to prosecute me for decoying her to such a damp place. So wo . registered a solemn- vow that we would have nothing to do with hoar antiquity again.'" " How could she- say anything againofe such a lovely place ?" said I. " Well, now, Miss Christie, I grant she had a show of reason on her side.. I have sometimes thought the place damp myself; but my wife has got attached, to ithaven't you, L' la ?" " Yes," said she, withoutasign. of feeling or interest. " And so1 we remain,."" he went on. " A lady's wishes must be considered ; and there . are special reasons why they should be in this case. You must know, Miss Christie,, that I am a penniless wretch, dependent on my wife; am I not, Lola ?" He turned playfully to her. " Not quite that," said she gentlyr but wilh no more warmth than before. "Practically lam," be persisted. " Sho was an heiross, I a ruined spendthrift, when she mnrried me. Yet she trusted me; and the only condition she would.allow hor .friends lo malie was that I should settle in the country-out of tho reach of temptation, yon see, Miss Christie." TIo spoke with somo feeling, 'mid looked affectionately ar bis wifo at the end of tliis unexpectedly frank confession ; but she re mained as impassive as ever. I could not help fooling rather sorry for Mr. Raynor. Ho was alwaye kind and at tentive to his wife; but, whether he was in a bright mood, and tried to make her smile, or silent, and needing to be roused out of his gravity, she was always the same, limp, nerveless, .'apathetic, speaking when neces sary in a low soft voico, slowly, with many pauses. She had a habit of letting the last words of a sentence die away upon her lips, and then, after a few moments, as if by on effort, she would say them aloud. I soon grew quite afraid of her, started if I met her unexpectedly, and fell more restrained in her presence than if she bad been one of, those brilliant satirical women who take the colour out of the rest of their sex. Anxious to shake off this strange diffidence, which was beginning to cast a shadow over my Hfo, I offered to read to her when my short hours of Btudy with my pupil were over. TO BE CONTINUED. 