INDUCTION 0F? CANON CARLISLE. The IRev. Canon Carlisle was inducted is incumbent of St. Mary'S, North Melbournie, on Thursday week last, by the Ven. Archdeacon Stretch, acting on behalf of the Bishop, in the presence of a large congregation. Among the clergy present were the Revs. Canon Potter (late vicar of the parish), R. Short, G N. Bishop, O. Bardin, R. G. Burke, G. W. Marsh, A. Toomath, and several others. The order for evening prayer was said by Canon Potter, and appointed, psalms and hymns were chanted by the choir, under the direction of Mr. Heatlcote, organist. Special Scripture lessens were read by the Rove. Bishop and Bardin. The Rev. I. G. Burke preached the induction sermon, choosing for his text St. Matthew ix. I. (revised version)-" And as Jesus passed by from thence, He saw Matthew sitting at the place of toll, and said, "Arise, and 1 follow Me. and he arose and followed I Him." After delivering a scholarly and lucid exposition of the words of the evangelist, tile preacher remarked that he regarded Canon, Potter, their late parish a priest, much as historians regarded Mar cellos of ancient history fame. Marcellus was the sword of Rome, and so Canon Potter might be looked upon as the sword of the church in Victoria. He was an earnest preacher, an astute and honest controversialist, and a faithful pastor and a dispenser of the sacraments. He had laboured diligently in the parish, and had as his one aim the promotion of true religion and the extension of Christ's work I on earth. With regard to Canon Carlisle, he was a distinct gain to the parishioners of St. Mary's, andjone wholwould be found t a faithful steward and messenger of the Lord's. He come to them in the name of the Great Head of the Church, and desired their prayers at the throne of the Most High. The pulpit was no place for flattery, but he (the preacher) felt that it was only right at such a juncture to dwell for a short time on the merits of those who served the church faithfully and well. Ise would advise the young ien to make Canon Carlisle their friend. The Ven. Archdeacon Stretch then performed the ceremony of induction in an impressive manner, and when handing the Bishop's license to Canon Carlisle repeated the following formula :-" Be thou a faith ful minister of God's Holy Word and sacraments, and a faithful pastor under the Great Shepherd of souls. The Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in, from this time forth for evermoore." The Archdeacon then delivered the customary charge to the people, and after an interval of silent prayer for the Divine benediction on the work of the church under the new minister, the service concluded with the singing of the hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," several short prayers, and the benedlotion! 