PRETTY DAFFODIL'S PINKERTON LOVER, OR BLACK DONALD'S REVENGE. A ROMANCE OF THE STRIKE AT HOMESTEAD. CHAPTER XXXI. By EMMA GARRISON JONES. The young prisoner stood before the bar arrayed in womanly her hair curling in raven masses above her dark brows, her" dusk cheeks scarlet, her black eyes half bidden beneath their silken' lashes when Jemimy end her two com panions, after much'pushing and "jam-, miog, succeeded at last- in gaining- stand ing room in the crowded office. One glance arid an exclamation of amazement burst -simultaneously from both men’s lips, while Jemimy gave utterance to a -cry of mingled grief and triumph. - “What did I tell you ?” she demanded, addressing the by-slanders. “ What :did I say? I felt it in my bones that the handsome young woman was my feller the moment I clapped my eyes on them measly old poster*, .and yonder ehe stands, looking Jest;as purty as a rose in full bloom. Holy Moses ! what a Swindle, and me that dead in love with her that 1 was ready to throw poor Lige. Turner over and marry her at the "drop, of a hat. Well, I deaecve what I’ve got, tha'.’s all, and if her mar wants to'take my head off when she hears of it, I’ll let her do her worst, and not open my mouth.” • In the meantime Donald Bayne made his way to the front and took, his stand, his handsome head towering above the crowd, by the young prisoner’s side. “ I’m here to take charge of this'young lady, your honor," he said, addressing the presiding ' magistrate; “Tm ready to go bail for her to any amount, or to pay whatever fines the court may see fit to impose. lam Donald Bayne .of Home stead, and very , much at your honors service.” - The magistrate bowed, and the young prisoner turned around with a look of pain and shame in her black eyes.- ‘‘Oh, Donald,” she whispered, her cheeks flaming, “ you here ?” “Ye*, Dolly, I’m‘here to stand your fri&'d.” •. -— : ‘.‘.Donald, Donald, I did it for hor sake —for Daffodil’s.” “I know that without felling,” the young striker replied, his handsome eyes aglow. “ I understand, Dolly, Dori’c be afraid ; I’ll make it all right.” “ Oh, I’m not afraid,” Bai<| Dolly, ;her black eyes kindling with their old fire. “ I shouldn’t care two straws only -for poor Ned’s sake But don’t mind about me Donald ; go to the house at the corner of Drunkards’ Alley. We saw the Pinkerton enter, and Daffodil was there. I heard her voice Go.without a moment’s delay!” Donald Bayne needed no second bid ding. As soon as he could speak a final word to the presiding magistrate, be made his way out of the office, followed by Dan Lomax and Jemimy. “Follow your leader now,” said the latter, seeming in no wise put out because her young man had turned out to be a woman; “I’ll show you the place. 1 could find it with my .eyes shat,” v The two men followed her, Donald stern and silent, hie'dark face giving ho’ sjgjj, of' the terrible strain he was under going, the poor q]d tajm bringing up,.the. rear with trembling steps and bowed headi ... “I’m all broken up,” he sobbed,“ I used to think- myself a man, but I ain’t no moro’n an old woman now.. If we don’t find the little one this time I ’ shall want to lie down arid die.” They went on in silence, with hashed heart-beats and bated breaths. Even Jomimy’s cheek grew pale Would they find the ■ object of th ir search, or was another to be added to the long list of their disappointments? “That’s the. placed’!’ said, Jemimy at last—“ that’s Drunkards’ Alley, and the house is the. last one on the corner/’ “Go round to the back of the house, Lomax, while I ring at the front door,” said Donald, h:s lips set in a firm line, bis dark eyes .blazing. “If she’s here we must make sure of her,” v % ’ ’ -, Once, twice, thrice he rang the bell, but no response came. r Then he doubled up his giant' fist and pounded against the door, until the very walls seemed to tremble. ' “ That, would wake the dead,” said Jemimy; “there’s nobody in the house, or they’re playin’ posaom. Let’s try the door I” *. Donald turned tjie knob, and the door swung open, disclosing an unfurnished hall, the floor Tittered with scraps .of paper. At the same moment a woman looked over (he gate of the adjoining alley- and called out; “That’. House is vacant; the people moved out at daylight- ”• ' Donald Bayne staggered back as if he Jiad received a stunning .blow, while the old striker dropped d,own ,on the- stepj and covered bis face with his hands in dead silence. • ' 4 “ Well,-thCy’ve given'us the slip,”;said Jemimy,. breaking the silence; “ bubl wouldn’t give it up. Perseverance con quers the devil knoj?.” ~ : ‘f good advice,” said the young strike leader, drawing "a deep breath.. “ Wemustn’fc give it-up; I’ll-go, through the house, strics the door’s open ; there might be such a thing Os stumbling on a clue.” ' , , • It femed a fool’s errand, but the poor fellow went from one silent robin to another, wondering within himself if the little "girl ho loved with sccH loyal and yo ti n had ever sat in this cornerpi* the other, or if, her dainty * feet had over touched the rough boards beneath his own. . - , ■ ■ - . The third story was a dreary place, cornicing of one room with whitewashed walls.- ’ “ Daffodil could not. have beefT, im prisoned in‘a place Jikp that,” said the young man to himself, and was on the point of giving up; Msfriutless search when a sudden irppresTon, or intuition, a feeling wholly independent of his.own ,compelled him to turnback arid ap proach n remote corner, a sort -.pf ; alcove between the rear winjdows, ’ ;■ Ho stood like one bewildered.Jor a moment, his heart beating heavily, -a strange tremor shaking Mm from head to foot, whilp his gaze wandered aimlessly over the glarir g white wallj All at once he gave a convulsive start, and a hoarse cry broke from his Tips. Ho had found the cluo for which ho searched! : , In the right-hand corner of the alcove, written in scarlet ink on the , white washed wall, were a few sentences,; Donald :went near arid - read the fol lowing heart-broken words ';; *• Qh,, Donald, Donald, 'forgive your ■poor little Daffodil and come and toko hm* out of this horrible place.” ; “ My God 1 the poor child was here, and wrote-that with her jblood,” i Then the tall striker, with giant, limbs like steel, and a, will as un bending tas the iron of his native hills, foil on his knees, arid covering his face with his hands, wept and sobbed like a Woman. Even a presiding magistrate, with the welfare of his native town resting on his shoulder*, is not proof against the winning charms of a woman’s face. ■ Dolly Burns whs a beauty In her. way, and that morning a prisoner , at the bar, arraigned for being found on the street? in male attire, she looked her beat. ; The flush on her- cheek, was like the heart of a damask rose, and her startlod .eyes looked like those of a hunted wild .creature of the woods. The chief justice of Pittsburgh had never before called upon to deal with such a charming creature, and his heart was -touched. So it transpired that in spite of both accusation and evidence, the pretty of-' fender was dismissed with a fatherly’ re primand and a light floe,, which Donald Bayne promptly paid. “I'd remain in Pittsburg and keep watch,” said the grateful girl, ns she started for her train, accompanied by the heart- broken,old striker, “ but I must go back to poor Ned and explain matters before this foolish story gets to his cars. He’s such a silly fellow. it might worry him to death ; but I’ll be back tomorrow, We musn’c give up, Donald.” , “ I shall never give up while life lasts,” said the young man, as he pressed her hand. Meanwhile Jemimy had gone home bn a dead run.. “Where are you, mar?” ’she shouted, bursting into the house like a cyclone, j “ I’m most cect’n you ain’t beard the news and X want to be the first one to tell it. So set-right down now,” she went on, as the widow emerged from, the kitchen, .“and listen to what Fvo got to tell you. You.ain't heard any news, have you?” “ Land sakes, no ! What chance hev I to* hear news, and you a-gaddin’ round the town from snn to sun, and Heaven knows what yer arter? I haven’t put my bead out of the kitchen afore to-day. Has the young man come, Jemimy ? I’ve been a keepin’ his dinner warm for two mortal hours.” Jemimy bounded to her feet and execu- war-danc?, then she clapped . her bands and went off into convulsions of laughter. !“ Glory hallelujah! what a joke! ‘Jemimy, has the young man come home?’ Mar, you’ll kill me, 'pon my soul you will.' Now gimme your attention, mar. There ain’t no young man. There ain’t never been none; he’s a-woman !” “Jemimy Jane Jinking, have you gone stark starlit madT “ No wonder if I had, mar, but I ain’t. l ? m tollin' you the gospel truth. Thera ain't no Augustus Goldsborough. He’s a woman, a purty, black-eyed, rosy-cheeked gurl, and she was tuk up and carried be fore the court for being in men’s clothes.” “ She deserves to be hung !” “ Lord ! dou ? t say that, mar. Me and herb gedd friends, and I don’t mind one bit. D’ye know, mar, I weren’t in love with her, after all, and _ X tell you what I’m going to do right off.” “ WeU, let's hear.” “ I’m going.to iparry Lige Turner, mar, ■I’ve played fast and Ippse _svjih the poor fallow long enough, and I think more of him. than anybody else.” “Isay now, Jemimy, d’ye mean that, or be ye ooly a-foolin’?” The kitchen door opened suddenly, and a sturdy young fellow, with a freckled face and carrot-tinted hair, appeared on the scene. Jemimy-uttered a war-whoop. -‘ Lig« Turner ! you sneakin’ scamp, you’ve been cavesd rapid .!” she cried. “’Pon niy soul I ain’t honor bright, Jemimy. You may ask your mar. I’ve been a-settin’ out in the kitchen peelin’ titers for salad, and chaltin' with your mar for the last hour, and she telled ran you was keepin’ company with that black eyed young feller, and I might as well give up, and I had jest made up my mind I’d hammer his head for him/.and was a cornin’ out to tell you so when I heard what you said. This is the go»pel truth, and I want to • know now whether you are in earnest or jest a-foolin',” Jemimy looked at her sturdy young lover,with admiring eyes. “Soyou meant to hammer my young man’s head, did you ?” she said. “Well, I like that. -But bein’ as he’s a gurl, and a purty one at that, you’d better not' at tempt it.” “A gurl? What be ye drivin’ at, Jemimy?” “ Never mind, that’s none o’ your biz mss. Let’s stick to the pint in question, No, I ain’t foolin’, I’ve boon a-foolin* all along, but I’m in dead earnest now, and I tell you right here; that" if mar’s willin’ I’m ready to marry you, whenever you’re a mind to ask me.” | “ Shake!” said Lige, bounding to his feet. j They shook bands and the compact was sealed. I CHAPTER XXXII, . The feeble cry “ Help, help ! for God's sake,!”- which brought Lottie Loigli to consciousness and reason 'as she lay bruised and bleeding in the underground vault, was repeated after a short interval of time. The girl listened to the piteous cry with a strange flutter at her heart. “ It is Jack, it is Jack,” she said aloud, struggling up to a sitting posture in the terrible darkness, “I’ve found him at last. Oh, Father in heaven, give mo strength to got to him, give me strength to help him,” With this prayer on her white lips the poor girl made an effort to gain her feet, but her limbs were sore and stiff, and when she put out her right arm to sup port herself, it fell to her side limp and helpless, and a pain like a knife-thrust seemed to shoot through her very heart. She sunk down again with a piteous cry, and for a moment the awful chill and unconsciousness of death seemed to be creeping over her, - Bub for jack’s sake slje roused herself and made another painful'effort to arise. •• Groping blindly she at last touched wbatSseemed to be a stone walk and by moans of the rough raaeonry, which was .crumbling with age, she managed, after much;futile effort, to,got on her feet. At flrst her strength failed her utterly, and great swirls of flame circled before her eyes, bat she shut her teeth-hard to. gather and repeated aloud : “ For Jack’s sake, for Jack’s sake.” The words seemed Iq'act like a charm, giving courage to her faioting heart and strength to her failing limbs. She gained her |oot a segopd tiipe and wont groping on, ‘planting her loffc nand against the dainjp wall for support, her right ’arm hanging helpless and shattered at. her aide. * “Jack,”—she colled softly—“jack,: where are you ?” . j No answer came, and the girl’s brave ■heart sunk within her, and again that awful death-like stupor began to creep over her. “ Where am I?” she wondered. “ Dead and in ray grave ?” „ v Then she lifted up her voice calling a second time; - : “Jack, Jack, did I hoar your voice, or was it a dream? if you are here—if you can hear me,Jack,for God’s sake answer.” t Then she stood motionless in the de?p darkness, listening intently. , No answer came, no cry for help, but , her strained ear caught something else, a low, hoarse sound, like someone breathing heavily. “ Jt is Jack 1” she said ; “ he is dying. Oh, Father of Mercy, help me!” Then she wont on again, groping with her one hand; straining, her eyes to pierce' the awful darkness, and listening intently for the slightest saund, “Jack,”she called agdn, “Jack! do you me ?” Only (ho hoars?, heavy breathing waa -heard, and os she moved slowly on, the sound seemed to come nearer. The situation was a terrible one, and at times the poor girl—-with torturing pains shooting through every limb, that deep, terrible darkness all about her,, not the faintest ray bf light anywhere to be seen, and that awful sound, the hoarse breathing, no doubt; • of a dying man, sounding in her ears—felt That . she could do nothing but drop down aad die. But out of the heart are the issues of. life, and Laltie’s brave heart, .oven in this trying hour, did uob quite fail her. White as. a ghost,' her eyes gazing into the pitiless darkness, great beads of agony standing out on her throbbing temples, ‘ she want groping on. Presently the hoarse breathing seemed at her very foeb. “Jack,” she cried, “oh, Jack 1” No answer but the slow, laborious • breath. The girl sunk down on her knees; and groping about her touched a human face. For a moment, quite overcome - by horror and affright, she straggled to re gain her feet, bat ere she could do this A feeble voice called her name. “ Lettie, where are you ?” It was Jack’s voice, Down on her knees went the trembling girl again, and bending low, she found the prostrate figure and gathered the poor bead, damp with the loathsome moisture of this underground prison, to her bosom. “Oh, Jack, here I am ; speak to’ me, dear, say you know me.” “Lettie, Lottie, is it you, or am I dreaming?” The voice was nothing more than a husky whisper. A pang'that made her oblivious to her own injuries, shot through the girl’s heart. . - “ No, no, you’re dreaming,” she replied, covering the face that rested against her fluttering heart with kisses arid tears. “I’m here, Jack. Don’t you feel my arms about you ?” “ Yes, yes. God bless yon, darling ! I can die in peace now.” “ But, Jack, you mustn’t die! I’ve been trying to find you for: so long! Don’t talk, of dying now. You must live for my sake 1” “ For your sake—yes, yes, always for your sake, sweetheart.” The feeble voice died away, and the poor girl . felt the head on her bosom growing Jifa heavier. .. - -—- , “ He’s dying !” ■ she cried;* Tier -voice’ shrill with agony. “ Oh, God- help me ! What shall I do I Jack, Jack 1” “ Yes, sweetheart, I hear you. You got the messog-s didn’t you ? I sent it to you under the.pigeon’s wing. The pretty creature, fluttered through the broken window pane and perched on my pillow, when I lay wounded and dying. You gob the message, darling ?” “ Yes, Jack, and I’ve come to save yon.” There was silence the i but for that awful, laborious breathing. Presently the sufferer roused up again. “ What are they doing at Homestead, Lettie? I sent the boys warning that the Pinkertons were coming. Yes, mother, yes; I hear you calling. I’ll be there be fore long.” Silence again. “ Ob, Jack 1 oh, Jack 1” sobbed L?ttio; “ what shall I do—what shall I do?” “Sing, Lottie, the hymn that you and Daffy—down—dilly used to sing for mother. You know the one ehe loved so. Sing, darling.” And the brave girl, though her heart was'breaking rind her body racked with pain, lifted up her voice and sung ; “Abide with trie, fast falls the eventide, The darkness deepens, Lord, with mo abide; When other helpers fail, and comforts flee, Help of the helpless, oh, abide with mo.” Matters were at a standstill in Home stead, and the locked-out men had a good deal of idle time on their hands. The advisory coramittso were resting on its oars, so to speak, so Donald Bayne sperit the better part df his time in Pittsburg Day and night he kept up hi* search for ' Daffodil, but all to no purpose; she could not be found; On a certain night, early in July, im portant business touching the interests of the strikers made it necossairy for the young lender lo make a flying trip to Now York, and, returning on a lato train, he decided to stop over in Pittsburg till morning. At the depot a trifling occur ence attracted his attention. Two men were standing a tittle apart in c’o;o con-, vernation, one of them a Pinkerton detec tive, the other aa old man, dressed in a shabby gray suit and wearing a long white beard. _ Something in the old man’s appearance impressed The young striker, and ho made up his nrjod .to keep an eye on him. The twoToparated in a short time, the Pinkerton detective betaking himself to a hotel and the old man wending his way, leaning heavily on his staff, toward a re mote section of the town, Donqld fol lowed him, calling hirqsolf a fool for his pains as he did so;. At the door of the same house in the basjraoiit of which; Xfjttjo LTth and Jack Lomax,-her lover, were- at That moment imprisoned and dying, the old man halted, ana taking a key from bis pocket, opened the door and entered; .- Donald Bayne followed.him stop by ; step, impelled by a strange impulse that he seemed to have no power to resist. When tho old man disappeared within Donald waited a minute or two, arid then approaching with a stealthy stop, tried the door, and to his surprise arid satisfac tion, found it unlocked. , ' - After a moment’s hesitation be 'opened > it noiselessly and entered, finding himself in a narrow hall. The lower part of the I house was in total darkness, but''on the upper landing of the narrow sfcairdra light ! t waa burning.. . ; Donald looked upward :ahd caught aight of the. old man standing at the head of the stairs with a bull’s-eye' lantern in his hand. . ; . .After waiting a few minutes Donald ascended the stairs. 1 The old man had disappeared, but the' light of the bull’s-eye shoue from the half open door of the front room. Donald>8till under that strange impulse, went on with noiseless feet. At the door iof the.room from which the light shone he stopped and looked cautiously in. •The old.man, standing in the centre of the .room,, wheeled suddenly,, and a moment later.darted forward with a revolver in his hand. “ So you-followed me, did you I” he cried. “All-right, I’ll fix you.” But; Donald was on his guard. Swift as thought.he struck the man’s arm an upward blow, and seizing him, wrested the weapon from his grasp. • “Now, you villian, I’ll unmask you?” The old. man struggled desperately, but Donald had the strength of a giant Forcing him down on his knees, lie tore off the slouch hat and flowing white wig, and found himself face to face with pretty Daffodil's Pinkerton lover., OH APT SB XXXIII. For months Donald Bayne had lived and looked for this moment, and at last it. had .come. He stood-face to face, with, his hated rival, the man whahad come betweenliim and the one sweet hope of his life, the villian who with subtle flattery and lying words had deluded, deceived, and in all probability. caused the death of poor, pretty little Daffodil, thereby bringing despair and misery to tho hearts of those who loved her best. • “I’ll find the heartless villain. I’ll have his heart’s blood for what ho has done,” Black Donald had sworn again and again, and now his opportunity hid come. This was not the first time the Pinker ton spy and the young strike-leader had stood face to face ; on two occasions the latter bad held his rival’s so to speak, in his iron grasp, but for Daffodil’s sake hehad relented at the last moment' and stayed his hand. But she. was not there to plead for her’ lover now, her cruel wrongs cried put for vengeance instead. _The Pinkerton was a man of mark in his profession, Clever, adroit and possessed of an average amount of nerve, but he cowered and trembled now, standing there unmasked and utterly defenceless with .the young striker’s iron grip fastened like tho clutch of a vise on his shoulder. Doneld looked at him a moment in silence, a terrible smile flashing over his dark face. “ Don’t struggle,” he said at last, when the poor wretch made a futile effort to froo himself, “ it is useless. I’m able to manage a dozen such cowards ns you, Down on your knees this instant, down, I say ! Now, up with your hands and tell me what you’ve done with Daffodil Lo max. Speak, or I’ll crush y<hx under my feet as I would a snake !” But tho Pinkerton, watching his op portunity, succeeded in getting a knife from his belt, an ugly, murderous-looking weapon, with which he made a savage lunge at his antagonist. \- But Donald was on tho lookout, and a single blow of his strong fist paralyzed j he Pinkerton’s wrist,and sent hia weapon ; flying across the room. “ No go, you see,” slid the former,with -a -torriblo jp.ugb.'-“-You’ve succeeded, in' disarming yourself, that’s all. your knees again and up with your hands !” , The Pinkerton, however, was not yet in a spirit to submit. He shouted murder first at the top of bis lungs, and then, instead of throwing up his hands, he closed with his opponent, and for a short time'a life-and-death struggle ensued. - v . , (TO BE COXTUOTBD))' 