THE OUTLOOK IN LITERA- ' TORE. KUDYAKD KIPLING. "THE MORNING- STAR OF OUR COMING CENTURY !" THE NEW REVIVAL. "AN AGE OF CATHOLIC TASTE." THE MODERN NOVEL. About the end of every century now wo begin to look for new and suddenly arising developments. The events of similar times in preceding centuries warrant such specula tion, and looking naturally breeds the net. We aro in the midst of new developments, especially on the social side, and lucre can bo little doubt that a good deal of the new movement is factitious— genuine enough now, perhaps, but in a great degreo the work of men who consciously have tried to repeat the revolutionary movement, and aro using the memories of 1793 to spur on the slower pace of 1893. Yet at bottom thcro is a genuine and unforced desire for reform. It seems as if the energy of revolution spent itself in the 70 years or bo that are the life- timo of two generations, and the tiiird pre ferred to go on steadily, the fourth taking up again the onward rush. So it is in literature. Tho first generation originates, the second improves, tho third imitates and adorns witli fanciful and often far-fetched ornament. But the fourth wearies of copies, however good, and a new era begins. Its exact beginning depends on the arrival of a genius — not necessarily a great, but necessarily a striking genius. At least) its visible beginning must be dated in this way. The movement itself is, as a rule, no oxotic importation, but an indigenous growth of the soil, rooting itself far back into the heart of the century ; the egg is laid earlier and takes some time to hatch, but the appearance of the chick necessitates a cracking of the shell. Spenser's " Shepherd's Calendar" cracked their eggshell for tho Blizabcthaus. Wordsworth's preface to the " Lyrical Ballads " did similar duty for our great 19th century revival, and tho egg of 20tU century literature is near the hatching now. Who will crack it ? We may, therefore, look round us with watchful eyes, expectant of some new phe nomenon, some work of sufficient gonius to strike the keynote of a new tunc. If we can find not this only, but the echoes of that tune already abroad among our younger writers, marking their work off from the old — if our phenomenon sums up and develops the influ ences of these latter days, basing itself on genuine human nature, and on that founda tion rearing a pile of fresh design, and full of healthy and noble thought, however fantastic it may seem at first sight, and however faulty in detail— then, I think, we may have good hope and make good preparation for the days to conic. IlUDYARD KIPLING. I may say at once that I find the now lead ing, the pioneer of twentieth century, in Rudyard Kipling. Blame his extravagance if you will, blame bis cynicism, bis manner isms, his wilful distortions of language, and tricks of rather turgid verse — but beyond all that there is the stall of which great men are made. Ho touches every string of the harp with no uncertain touch. Do you want simple pathos? He gives you the "Gift of the Sea." Do you want the sorrow of simple- hearted men, or tho despair of men who have fallen irretrievably ? Read "Kabul River5' and "Gentlemen Rankers." Do you want the sheer mad love of riot or of fighting or of plunder, or the reckless madness of the sailor who has taken his life iu his band? Or is it manly courage you care to hear of, or that sacred mystery of mother's love? All those lie gives us — even to the last he has pierced his way in one strange chapter of the " Naulakha." Jt is a groat man who has doito this, gentlemen, and greater he will be if he can restrain himself, of which there arc yet many hopes. 11X12 SPECIAL '01 NTS OK Till! NEW REVIVAL. Let us look at the matter in detail, and see tho special points of the new revival. It is in its main form distinctly Elizabethan — an Elizabethan dress covering Wordsworth's spirit. In this it does not proclaim itself the child of the ago. Never since the days of Drake and Raleigh has tho fiery spirit of adventure burnt so brightly among English folk. Never since the days of .Sidney and Drayton has tho clearer spirit of poetry lit so many minds in so many and so various ranks. And never,' I believe, even in the proudest days of Nelson's victories, have the name and the deeds of Englishmen roused Bitch a steady, reasoning, and yet inex tinguishable patriotism. We are sick of too much science ; we are sick of self-analysis ; and we go back hungry to the elemental passions, and take our fill of them. On all sides men cry out about sensational novels and our greediness for the literature of trials and of murders, but if our great writers will not give us strong healthy food we shall get it, aye, even from (he gutter and garbage heap. What is tho secret of "Treasure Island" and "Kidnapped," of "Allan Quartcrmain " and "King .Solomon's Mines?'5 The sap is rising in us again, the winter is over: cheek it, twist back the growing branches, bind tightly the expanding bark and you will get monstrosities; but leti have free play, let the air of heaven play round it, and the air of heaven will soon he stirring the spreading leafage of a mighty tree. " WK ARK SICK OK TOO MUCH SCIENCE !" Wo arc sick, I said, of too much science. But science lias done its work on us, and such a work as sonic oT its early advocates little dreamt of. Tho illusions of our fathers arc destroyed, and the light of common day (not less clear or less bright for its commonness) shines into and shows tho nakedness and misery of many an old superstition. Ghosts, we understood, were abolished some years back ; miracles are quite out of date; witchcraft and fortune- telling are old wives' tales. But we have new ghosts among us now and stranger miracles than ever ; the farther science goes the more things it cannot explain, and we live con stantly in an attitude of expectancy, so many and so strange are the invisible forces that reveal themselves daily, that foil our efforts and that mould our lives. And these in. visible forces, too, find their way into the new literature ; side by side with the baldest and most minuto realism stands tho sense of the unexplained. Read "Tho End of tho Passage," or tho "Sacrifico of Er-Hcb," and you wil- undcrstand what I mean. Or— for though Kipling may bo tho leader, there are more in the work — read Q.'s plaintive fantasy of "The Whito Moth," read some of the stories of " In a Canadian Canoe," and notice tho curious blending of farce and tragedy in a half-irrovcront and half-awestruck treat ment now of old Greek myths, now of modem physiology. It is poor fun, some of it, ami some is vulgar, and some painful ; but the mystory of life is in it all. AN" AH 12 OF CATHOLIC TASTK. And as tho field of view has thus been enlarged on tho side of science, not less by its practical developments (such as the " Screw- guns ") than by its gifts of more subtle and less material magic, ho, in another way also, equally characteristic of the ago, we have freer choice of subjects. Our interest has broadened almost into cosmopolitanism ; " Abyasinians, Elhiops, Esquimaux, Dor- vishes," whom Charles Lamb hated, tin monstrous gods of Kchatna, who ho dismayed him— all these, if not yet household words with us, are being absorbed into our literary acquaintance. Tho ago that runs after Mahatmaa and interests itself iu the morbid Bolf-aualyuia of Norway is on the way to become very catholic in its tastes. Indeed, our menu of hooks now. a-days is something of a seapic— hashed of everything between layers of paste Apart from its indigeatibility the now. fashion lias its merits, aud is of course but. their mother-tongue fearlessly and enrich it with new pieturesqucncss are to he praised, not blamed. 1 do not say that all ".Notes of a lecture delivered to tlio Sydney bid veridty Unlim by Mr. A. IV. Jose, Lecturer in English Literature al tho University. the latest step in tho progressive widening of our interests that has been going on sinco England bad a literature. For Elizabeth's men the doings of great Englishmen stirred their blood, and so much of tho great Roman deeds as appealed to tho English heart. From tho Restoration onwards men thought and wrote still of great deeds and of highly- placed doers, but they had learnt to value — almost to over-value — the foreign spirit for itself. Still English, they wished to be French also. Then came Burns and Words worth, and showed us how the simplest deeds and thoughts, the rudest and barest lives, of British folk could stir our blood and appeal to our hearts, no less than the greatest. But a further stage was possible, and to that wo have attained. Our sympathies go out not to the »Scots peasant only and the Cumberland dalesman, nor only to tho men of our own kin, Norse, or Icelander, or Teuton — we hear with willing cars, and (if we can) with understanding minds, the simple life and peculiar sorrows of tho Hindoo ryot, the eliildliko wildncss of tho Afghan moun taineer, the passions of the Btirman, so far from ours and yet so homely. For the first time, perhaps, in its history tho English spirit has tried to get beyond itself, to put itself in another's place, and to comprehend emotions and ideas of a world that it docs not itself inhabit. .T. M. F.ARUTU ANI) RUDYARD KIPLING. As wo have gono abroad, so we have gone deeper. Tho interest and the pathos of Burns or Wordsworth lie in their showing lis the human nature common to all. They taught our fathers to see in the laborer, starved body and mind, the same intensity of natural feeling that had won from our ancestors their delight in more notable char acters ; but it is tho common human side of the most miserable beings on which they laid stress. For us, however, tho study of humanity is being supplemented by the study of a new side iu our fellow-men — one which they do not sliaro with us, which is the pro duct of their stern teaming aud scanty faro. I-Iero again we arc trying to pub ourselves in their place, nob to appreciate them by our own standards of value. Aud in this develop ment we have not only such work as the dis closure of the genuine soldier in Rudyaril Kipling's tales, but the work also of his second in command in this new adventure — the "Auld Lieht Idylls " of 1. M. Barrio. There is a chapter in the "Idylls," C VII., " Crce Quccry and Mysy Drolly,"that will show you better than any words of mine the beauty and delicacy of this freshly- roused sympathy with tho hidden and private griefs of men not ourselves. Domi. natiug all tins new work— mastering aud inspiriting both the outburst of our own mounting blood and the inrush of all this strange fresh life— is the most gloriously healthy manliness of lone. It stirs our blood like a trumpet, and, as a trumpet should, to noble and manly thought and dcod. This is the note — this trumpet note— that sounds in the " Epitaph on Wolcolt Balestier." This is the note of the "Ballad of East and West." It is a matter of more than mere pluck, though mere brute pluck is line, and never finer than in the " Bolivar " ballad. It sounds in the tales, loo, in the "Head of the District," and (through all its cynical ex travagances) in "The Light that Failed.' Ami it is the note we want. Til 12 NKW NOT 13 IN' LITERATURE. In our intense desire to be human we wore forgetting how to be manly. Then came the revulsion against respecta bility, and wo nearly forgot how to be gentle. Wo wanted this trumpet sound, forsomo of us were standing at ease and some were riding wild, hut "the line will advance " now, and we must be in it. Do you think 1 am building too much on a few names? I could be content to build on Rudyard Kipling alone, so all- embracing is his work. Remember, we are nob looking for the perfect flower of a great revival, but for the earlier blossoms that usher it in ; it is the kindling spark we seek, and nob the mass of glowing ilamc. But hero is the revival, the winds of its spring are upon us, and drive to our shores many a gallant barque, none more richly loaded than his. The spirit of adventure, the spirit of poetry, the spirit of patriotism, all blow through his bugle. Tho " English Flag" is full of them, and the new " Song of the English." But I have quoted enough of him for to-night, only this I will say : Fill your selves with the " Barrack-room Ballads," add to them two of the " Departmental Ditties" (the " Galley Slave," and " What the People Said");" add furthermore all of "Soldiers Three," and the " Drums of the Fore aud Aft," and the "Man who would be King,'' and the six tales after the first in " Life's Handicap"; throw in, moreover, the native bits of the " Naulakha," and that wonderful sickbed scene in tho "Story of the Gadabys and then, and not till then, give yourselves the answer to my question, Isn't there a now fiower among us, and a strong and inanly gonius for the moulding of the new genera tion ? Til K N'OVKL IS LITERATURE. " But," someone will say, " all this work, fine as it may bo, has been lavished on a comparatively trivial and short-lived form of literature. You can t build up a new era upon novels." Can't you ? That argument can be best answered by facts, n olnitur ambulaiido> The novel, 1 grant you, has hitherto been an ephemeral form of literature. Each writer lias concerned himself mainly with the manners of his day, and the last generation's manners arc as completely out of date as the last season's fashions. Bub now the novel is widening its sphere of interest. We have become accustomed to the novel with a pur pose, to Dickens's attacks on red-tapcism, to Besant'a pictures of the joyless life of the Londoner. Later novelists aro giving us stronger work still. Meredith and Hardy, Olive Sohreiner, and George Gissing are accustoming us to the discussion in novel form of the deeper riddles of tho day heredity, and tlio social upheaval, and the problems of faith and religion. Tho novel in fact, has become the recognised form in which we display our thoughts, and feelings, and desires, whatever bo the bent of our minds, and by that very transformation lias ceased to bo necessarily a trivial or an ephemeral product. And this position is strengthened by a remarkable analogy. I do nob doubt that early Elizabethan critics made much the same remarks about the hope less vulgarity aud triviality of tho drama, and would have laughed at the idea that the author of " Love's Labor Lost" was going to make out of drama the most splendid fabric of all English literature. L he critics. I «av. would talk so, not the people at large. For with them it was as it is with us—they de manded vivid aud lieart stirnng action to satisfy their leaping blood, whatever might be the subject under discussion. They read no philosophy, they wont to sue it acted. We, too, are beginning to take our philo sophy in a draught of drama, and go to the " Doll's House," as our forefathers went to ''Hamlet"; but tho illusion of the stage is not on us as it was on them, and so t he novel has stepped into the place of the play. But that is its place, lb claims a new pormu" nunec, in literature; and side by side, you may be sure, with Marlowe the Elizabethan will shine Kipling, tlio morning star of our coming century. " But again," for there arc plausible opponents of my thesis, " can wo stump as permanent valuable work so (lis- figured by slang?" Well, slang is in many ways objectionable — most of it is, at any rate. But whore tho slang is part of the character it is as necessary to the picture as the set teeth and desperate faces of tho Uorxos Drift defenders. They aveu't pretty, either of them, lml they are an essential part of tho picture, b urtlier. L am prepared to deuv the irenoral proposition : nob all slang is disfiguring. The foolish synonyms and abbreviations that pass for slang — " tanner ' for sixpence, ami "pav. for pavilion— aro thoroughly to be eschewed iu good literary work, except in tho mouth of a thouglitleH.i or ill-educated character. But the slang that supplies a want— that expresses a hitherto unexpressed idea, or puts tersely and picturesquely what we have before put at lem'l h— tins slang is pure gain to the luimouge. Keep your well of English un- defiled, l>V all means; Limb doumi t mean ku ping it st i„n mt Rum mbcr th it it is a natuial and u iluially >uppliid mil, not a galvanised iron tank. Ib is a commonplace of stock-raising that in-and-in breeding | means degeneration. It is, I believe, an established physiological fact, but I am not rash enough to meddle with the mysteries of physiology. It is, at all events, a well- established historical fact that the purebred and uncrossed races are the failing races, and it is equally true of languages. The uncrossed language dies from over work and underfeed. Tho writers, then, who (Elizabethan in this again) handle their contributions will bo equally ac. coptablo ; the rose may shoot into too exu berant growth, and will have to lie pruned back ; bub what good is the rose that never wants pruning ? As for tho associated charge of vulgarity, for which Oscar Wilde is primarily, respon sible, and which tlio " superior " critic is so fond of repeating and enlarging — well, vul garity is a question of taste ; but of this at least I am certain — that between the two extremes there is but one possible choice: it is a thousand times better for a man that ho should be vulgar than that he should bo as Oscar Wilde. A trcotrunk may be gnarled and misshapen, but tlio roughest treefcrunk is finer that the morbid beauty of the rarest toadstool. THK ATTITUDE OF AUSTRALIA. In fine, whether we like it or not, the new life is upon us and around us, and it bo. hoves us to see to our lob and part in it. What is this movement to mean for us out here? Arc we to be content, as wo hitherto have been, with a mere eclio of the common, places of literary work, that like all echoes must needs follow its original, and that at some distance, both in time and quality? Hero is a new world of thought and character opened up, a land which we may explore as well as our kinsmen over oca; and at present wo are slowly plodding along in their tracks and sitting down where they have sat to admire the view ; and when wo make a remark, we may think it original, but as a rule we have got it out of the guidebook. A genius, of course, is the thing we want, and a genius is not manufacturable : but we can at least see to it that when the genius is born, as ho has yet to be born, he shall be born into a world worth working on, and shalL find an audi ence fit to appreciate him. And there is one way of working which is certain not to produce that world or that audience. We shall accomplish little by servile imitation of our brothers in tho home land: we shall certainly do leas by afi'ccting to despise thorn. This peevish and petty affectation of looking down on the " effete races of Europe 5 is our shame and not our glory. It is not the healthy and high-spirited boy who has such feeble scorn for his parents, nor is ib the grown man in his wisdom of maturcr years : it is the Ilobble-dc-lmy, Neither man nor boy who thinks he asserts independence when he is only exhibiting iiis bad manners. Make Australia a nation, and soon may she be one ! but take care that our new nation is one we can be proud of. Reject no help ; you will want it all. And wo who have de liberately cast in our lot with her claim as good a right to work among the helpers us tho most native of "Australian natives," who is here by his parents' will, and not his own. And, finally, never think that the patriotic Australian must necessarily bo the unpatriotic Englishman. All we who speak the English tongue arc by virtue of that speech sons of England, and men of Shake speare's kin. In all good work that bears the English name we share ; not a breeze stirs the ocean of Jicr thought but we are ware of the rising waves. This new outburst is fur us too, to quicken our blood and- raise our spirit ; and it is our part so to train our. selves in noble thought and noble work that no .small part of its benefits and of its glories may fall in I lie end to our share. 