NEWS OP THE WEEK. COMMUNICATION on tho intercolonial tele* fraph line was restored on Thursday, but later in Ibo day there was another intarruption letwien Espe.anoe Bay and Israel te Bjty. TH« maila for the Unite! Kingdom, which lbfc Per^h on October 20th an i wore dis pVobed from Albany by the ß.M.S. Austral, ar.ived in London on the night of Monday, the 20ih in.t. OB'S ïerk'corresponde ut telegraphing undee Thursday's date says s There was an eir .r in the number of votes for the election of Mayvr of York. The oorreot fignrea are as follóse : -Edwards 173, Pyke 114; majority fer Edwards 58. ? JCBKTINO of the pdrth Diocesan Council wai held last Tuesday to consider ti e date at which it would be advisable to summon the Diocesan Synod for tbe purpose ef electing a success ar to Bishop Parry. It was derided that the Synod be convened for Wednesday, December 13. A rABSENOKa from. Adelaide named Thous« Pdârja, said ? to be a miner, died on bsard the s.s. -áldelátefe cn Thursday morning anpitly before the steamer's arrival at Fremantle. .Tbe deceased was seized w;th Bovere internal pains on Wednesday evening and died at 4p.m.onThursday. Apoáífnorfemeximinéition wac made ou Thursday by Dr. Hope, and the result tenders an inqaest unnecessary. ; TEST Government has appointed the licensing . benches for Perth and'Fremantle under the Wines, Beer/ add Spirit Sale Aot Amend . meat Act... The members of the Perth blanch will be Messrs. J. Cowan, P.M., G. Sandell, M.L.O.,and J. C. H. James, Commissioner ' tot Titles. The bench at Fremantle ¡will constat of Messrs. B. Fairbairn, S.M., Jfmes Lilly, and L- W. Clifton, J.*s P. : ¿ . TBK following are .tho lowest , tenders which were received np to Tuesday* for the alder, mentioned works :-York Medical jOfiwers* ? O^uurtors,-Walter Watkins V oonsti&tio;|u-^>f ? 100 low eide waggons, S. H. Hope) catting machinery Collie Coalfield,'1 Jasaos Bort; ^Waginliake police Btatioo7rTbomBS> James ;. Onslow Post Office, W. C. Forsyth j Beacons-' field school, John Milne. ; Vin funeral of ihe'late liry J: B: Paton ftook : plaoo at Fremantle on Friday afternoon week, s&d; waviargely attended bythe^friends ot the deceased. Iu£._Pjjk?n was%m old colonist^ and formanyyeara was the.^d^.promoter^of the ' lead mines at ^erthampton. c Ho 0wa* much esteemed both for his business pdnpiplesi and His genial tempérament; He>waa~inhisJB6th year at the time of hie death. | ON Thursday the 16th in>t;,' the tfirst neting of shareholders pf £be¡ newly- formed ; West AnsträJianCooperatiVäJiiir^ComrÄny, Limited, was held in the Mechanics'; Instile te. Bunbury. The meeting was most euooésBf al. The oompany witt be registered at once,'and 'Operations will commence almost immedi- ately, all arrangeraehia being ia a forrard, . ate. Messrs. P. H. Bose, Chis.1 Harper, uñid W. T."; Lotop, M.L.A., frere emoted direbtore. . ; , . TBS remains of the late Bishop of Perth w-re interred in the Anglican cemetery on ataday welkin the presence of .tbeîsMtteBt Con. course of mourners that has yet attended a funeral In Perth. Every eeotion of ; t'.e o ammuhity was present, from tbe.' Governor ' downwards, and thé ceremonies' both in the. Cathedral and at tba grave eide «veré of a most" impressive obaea«ter> A full description e>f thc obsequies is published in another column. \---~ ] I; "Tan annual show of the Ne?sbn JAgripultjnraI Society was held at Bridgetown on Thûrrtiay. . Aa will be saen from the telegram' by our special reporter, ia another oolomn, the .. show .was sueoesafal, both ' ia j ie»;:' gard : to the quvity of the- exhibits, iand the attendance cf the' publie. Among those present were the Premier, theDÎrabtor of Poblio Works, the Commissioner of Crpwn Lands and Sir James Steere. At the show luncheon the Premier delivered a vigorous speeoh, in whioh he defended the Ministry against the attacks to which it has been. subjected. Ta» West Australian Mining Bezieher {Lon.' ' don) of October 12tb gives the following quotations for Western Australian securities r >»--4T Western Australian, 1 per cent- *00 Sinking Fund from 1885« 103-106. 4 Wes tera Australian, 1 per cent, accumulated: ; 4 finking Fond from 1887,101-103. 4 Wea tem Australian, 1 per cent, accumulated Sinking Fund, 101-10S. 4 Western Ans. . ióraüan, 4 per cent. Inscribed Stock, 104-106. d Western Australian, 4 per esBt. Inscribed Stock, 1911,100-101. Midland of Waateru j .Australia Sim., 6 per cent. 1st Mt. Dbs. No.! A,1T5170 of ¿100; B, 1-112 of Ü500; 0, %-$7 of ¿1,000, 40-r45 ; do..4 per erat. Debenture Bonds guaranteed by Western Australian Government, Sep. all paid, 95-97. j -, . _ j i ' i II '? 'i ,V: f32ffB Premier, Sir John Forrest, has received letter from -Sir Henry Parkes, G.C.M.G., \- signifying his intention of accepting the A Bièôier's invitation to visit Wärtern Aus -.^ralia. Sir Henry ''ates h s litter Novcmsor %'h, Mfclaonrxe, b"t h> l.a. sino. - ,iu>n«d to ^1^^ W.;ea I «-8« in Ade. Albany by one of fcbe Orient steamers, and I shall only have th« journey to Perth by rail- way." The Premier has replied to Sir Henry Parkes, oxprcss'ng gratification at tho pros peet of the veteran politician's early visit to the coloi y. A PLEASANT s 'rvice was held in Iho Shearer Memorial Hill cu Sunday afternoon, the occasion being the pro-eataúon of the annual prisas to tho children att -ndinjf St. Andrew's Pnsbyte ian Church Sunday School. The Euv. David_,Bosa conducted the service, and a'so delivered a Blort and impressive addre ss to tho children. Mia. Rcsa presented the prizes to tbc little ones, oi«s by class, and the ecrrice waa mach brightened by the childi ea singing a number of their best kno*n bymue. The hall was tastefully and effectively decorated for the pcoaeion, flowers, fern«, and other flora being profusely dis- played on the platform and other parts of the hal!. The singing of a hymn and the benediction concluded the service. WHITING with, regard to the Collie Coalfields the Southern Times of the loth inst, says: The Government seemi anxious to open up the mines, and are now moving in the matter of finding out the best rou'e for a railway to the coalfields, and it JU jus ' possible !that after the survey has been made, and an esti- mate arrived at of the cost, the Government may, at the next sitting of Parliament, iring ia a Bill to find funds for the construction of the line. On Monday, Mr. Moody, Govern- ment Snrveyor, went out to make a trial survey, or surveys, fijr we ander stand teere are two lines to be ran, ona at a point be- tween tho' Collie and Burnswiok, and . tho other nía Ferguson.- Som« machinery for hauling the osai baa also been obtained, and tenders called for the carting to the mines. Wa have been asked to publish ike fellowing acknowledgment of the many tokens of sym- pathy which Mrs. Parry has received in her time of sorrow, and whose number makes it impossible for her to reply-to them severally. Mrs. Parry writes: " The nnmf rous telegram?, letters, cards of enquiry, floral offerings and other acts of kindness during ,the pact few sad day s render it an impossibility t o attempt te acknowledge tb'em alliseparately. I there- fore lake Ulis means of conveying te our maoy - kind friends our deep fee ing of gratitude for their loving appreciation of my dear huB hand's character and worth. Perhaps only those who knew bim best oonld quite under» stand how good be Was, bat l am anxious (o' exjpreBB the gratitude « e all feel as Widely «8 possibl*. I. assure yon all I shall eyer keep as a most precious memory the loving sym- pathy 'and consideration whiah-has'-been shown all through te myself and family. (Signed) M. S. PARRT, 1 Bishop's Grove. November 20th, 1895. "; | \--« . ? n i « Tas Exmouth Chronide (Sag.), in referring to the death of Mrs. Perriamj tho oldest inhabi- tant of Ermontb, says, cp^aking of ber late husband ;-^Spme yenr^afterwarde he, waa ope of the party which surveyed and buoyed Swan Biver, in Western Aust^lia¿ rFortbiworviee he-was presented in 1833Í by Sir Tames Stirl- ing, the Governor, with a hBndeom^ gold wa^oh, suitably inscribed, ^aod. whiéb^is Bbill. in the pessission cf his family.' In finition he received -a Government- grant of. four square miles of land in 'tie netghbourtood of Ptrth and Fremantle, Swan Biver, but un- fortunately cs-.oemed it of no value. . Long afterwards, wi ea the Swan Biver dittrict bè> came ^developed, this land greatly increased in value end there was an enquiry for the owner. He was discovers* in-tho person of. Mr. Perriem, abd en his being communicated' wi h, heapplied at the Colonial Office only, to loara, however, that in óÓKseqúence cf the \ .looa'ipa duties not having been legally camed out, tho land bad lapsed to the Crown, ulhe;&aB;}o8t abnoBt?abhlooe*wîal.tb.' - A well-atlerfded and, representative iuièetinff was held in the St-^George's Cathedral School- room i n Thurs lay afternoon for tbs purpose cf. taking steps to raise a memorial "' 4 o the late Bishop pAWy^ HÍB Exce}lencyrthe Goveratr presided, and among those present wein the -Chief Jus'ice, Mr. Justice Stone, Dian Gold- smith, Archdeacon Watkins,. Mr.- S.. Butt, Q.C., M.L.A, Mr.'Hackett,;MiIi.G., Mr. 0. Bnrt,n\\. Jb.; J-^^kneV;::: 'and many other ? prominent eoloaiate. ' The apsakere included the Governor, ih<? Chief Jus-ice, Mr. Justice Stone, Dean Gcltatniih, Mr.S.Burt, Mr. Hackett, Archdeacon Watkins, Mr. 0. Burt, and Mr. Faulkner, and all united is enTogisiug tho late Bishop and in com- mending, the object of the meeting. After i some discussion as to the form the memorial sbohld take, it was finally decided that subscriptions ehenld b"e invited, to be applied to a fund to be vestsd in trnBtoôfi for the benefit of the late Bishop's family «nd also that a memorial brass should ba placed in St. George's Cathedral. A full repo.t of the meeting is punished in another colamn. THE ffaitminster^ Gowtte/of Ootober 13th, ' writes »-Tbe discovery of gold at Coolgardie, I in Western Australia, seems likely io make tbe fortune of what seemed to' be a (ted forgotten settlement, and has already proved ef great value to the unemployed of the neighbouring colonies. A single rich find \ always attracts more them a great »umber \ of what are known as Poor Men's Diggings, j and in thia case there have been, several rich finds. The country, however, is i not ot e .for young Englishmen to go to at prcsjnr. The journey from, Narrogin, the fUASt appesiible station on the Perth-Albany is most ferions ie that the miners are at present living apon eurfaoe water, which is certain to give ont when the hot weather ooraes. Hoirever,all this and wow© his been endured by Austrians in bygone day«, and the miner will soon make himself at home. Po far perf ot order has prevailed, and life and property have beea secure; which chows an improvement upon the Coli fornia and Victoria of SO and 40 years ago. Tas Westminster Gazette of October 13th ] eave «-This prosperity of W*etjrn Australia will explain why there aro rumours that it is about to apply to the English market for a ban of half a million. Tue re?enae from new population is only in tho future, and the want of now roads to develop its estate it urgent. So far, Western Australia hes not exceeded bounds ; an excellent fact, bat fer wLi<*h it is not much to be praised, as till lately it has had no credit. We may hope that it will not now go the primrose path to everlasting bankruptcy, as the other colonies seemed for a short time to be doing. Its Governor ia a singu- larly able man, if" he would only take half as mach interest in politioo aa in musie/and several of the West Australian poli(ie?an¡>, liketäir James Lee-Steere and Mr. Blackett, | are above the average that so small a community might be expected to reach. In the other colonies oaution will be the order of the day for years to come. Vioteria haB been rather harshly criticised for taking powers to raise money on Treasury Bills ia Melbourne against her present deficit. The banks are not in a position just now to afford the Ga I vernment the osoal facilities, and it is surely ' wise to be prepared for a possible difficulty. THS following letter, signed " W. E. Hillier," and dated "The Manse, Albany, Westers ! Australia, Oot. 29," appears in a recentisaùeJ of the South Australian Register,-" The enclosed letter from your Mr. Sandover to our Premier regarding tbs Esperance Bay roete to "the goldfields is a Caution. This letter breathes political and social damnation. There is a golden belt from Dundas te Cool- gardie. There is neither mosey ncr energy in Western Australia to develop it. Why does Mr. Sandover assert that the trade will be lost if it falls into the hands of Adelaide merchants t Is he not one cf them fVCan ha not buUd at Esperance, and even rival bia Adelaide house P So far as l know Albany, people we shall bail the asvent of Adelaide merchants «pening a rival town. Sir John ^forrest is «he only go- ahead public, maa I bave seen in sixtean months In tins God-for- saken country ; but be bu been * caught ' (and eo ¿ar obeyed Mr. Sandover),,and ibas wired as he was told. If we.Cannot get sep-, sratioBJwe shall try and petition the Queen to .join ns on to South ' Australia, build a railway from Albany tp Ade- laide; and make: Adelaide 'another Kew York and Sith' Frauoieoo. I have witnessed the -worst features of parobbiali&m; in|Anstralian Jife-^!îved (p««e-an Adelaideinsrehant sue Cessfully ordering the Premier sf another ^eçltovïôjbpyeott South Australian merchants. "Come over and help us crown Urs late Crown colony with, liberal ideas, and kill paroohial isma*d-poUtirjaihigo A vsET Darrow ©Boupe from^a serions aooldenfc was suffered by Dlr, abd Mrs. A. Clerk and their infant ohHd en Wedntsday afternoon week.. Mr. Chrk was driving Mrs, Clerk and tkV child home near the Victoria .Htftèl'on that afternoon, and wae about to crosa.tha Melbon«ne-roadisäiw»ycrosaing at a leisurely pace when .^dtnont warping the 5.30 p.m. Perth to Fremantle down train dashed'into -view; The4 pony Skimmer waa jost on the rails at the tune. Mr. Clerk did not" lose bis presence pf-mind, but at once i slewed, the borib's- h^îd. on- one «ide, a&d; got bini and the bugjry jost clear < of the rails. Tba. driver- of £jbhe train, it seemed, . ¿otpetl "Vtasí ooourrenbe;; .and applied his "hreak.'binflt' waa not nhill lt "bad rna almost ita full length that the train was drawn np. In the 'meantime a number of tho ^triages .struck and- partly dragged the pony al ng. On tbs tram being pulled up it waa found that the shafts of the buggy were smashed, the harness on the «ne side torn. off the pony,' which had several severe gashes in addition to having a portion of the shaft driven into I his side. Thspocapante were utttonched,but as I maybe supposed, Mri». Clerk;. f offered a severe shook. At the siding there are on é«sh side of tba gateway . two high stacks- of -timber, and the train coming alinga curve cannot bo feen by any person appro ohing the oross isg from that side. It was .fortunate for Mr. Clerk that be was not driping-at a quick pace; as it would hive mean! oertain ro-tb to him and his family. This is one of the crossings from which the gatekeeper was removed, and Mr. Clerk points ont thaS for the sake of a emili economy many lives a*e endangered as the crossing now stai d u There waa no whistle from the train to giv-i any warning as to its approach. THE administration of the Water Supply branóh is being transferred from the lane's and Mines Department to the Department of Public Works. The reason for the change arises ia the grext increase in the work, which is many times greater than wes an- ticipated when it was placed under the con- trol of the Commissioner of Crown Lands. When the branch was added to Mr. Marmion's already large department, an engineer, Mr. Bensu, was appointed as the official head, under the Tinder-Secretary. He, it was un deraVood, «tas to remain in Per h and give the Minister tho benefit of lli profeaslohal ster cf bis only departmental professional adviser in water supply matters, and «ince ibm there has been no engluer --t hand to advise the department npen the> reports received from the goldfiold. When material was ordered there was co professional mär te inspeot it pmr to i's being despatched into the country. AU this has been felt for some time past to bo a very grave disxdv&ntage;, and tba remedy has been und'r consideration. At length it WAS deoided to place tho branch un 1er the dirtot control of the Eogineír-ín Ohiof, whose staff includes a number of gentlemen abie to odvisa and inspect if ne ees8ary. The La&ds; Department will Oom. plete matters for tho present mon tb, aid thtn the Works Department-to whom the breech naturally seems to "belong-will bs charged with the oarrying ut of the wa'er tutiply. work. Mr. Banoo, instead of being the head, will act aider the authority of the Engineer. ».Chief. The magnitude of the work which will probably be undertaken domaeds that it should bounder the oontrol of the depart." mest whioh has the oontrol of the publio works, and that it shouU not remain nuder the oontrol of the Lands and Mines Dei* t« mont, as the duties enWiedseim ts be foreign to tbe proper fuuotims of that deputxeet. AT the Guildford Wesleyan Church, the Rev, T. Bird preached last Sunday evening on the text, " Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with tby might; for there ie co work, nor devioe, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in tbe grave whither thou goeat," and in the oonrse of an earnest sermon made the following reference to the late Bishop Parry : " We sympathisa with the bereaved ia their toss, and commend them to Him who ia able to succour and eustñu is all life's trials and sorrows. Only those who have passed through similar experinces can in any way realize wbafc it means to a family.to suffer snob loss. The Church of England in this colony is bereaved of its obief shephard, and ona who has sacrjdíy oared for the flock. It wes his constant toil and earnest desire to extend the Master's Kingdom, end while he has dene so much in tbe City of Perth, what remote dis- trict or parish in tba colony has be not visited ; and sought td «stablish religions services inf. Through his Belf-denial and earnest labours be has accomplished a gi eat work tn this colony, ever maintaining a spirit of gentle-1 ness and charily which ibiukeih no evil; be won the affectionate esteem of all Christian people. Hé has left an example of éárneyt constancy worthy of imitation.. Whatsoever his band /band to do wat done heartily; and i>y hts removal from his beloved toil in the midst ;of abundant labohrs we are called upon ^ work'whiie it ia day.;* -OM Thursday we reoeivedrthV tallowing memorandum ^4rom > ihe Commissioner1 ©f Pólioé, Major PbilHp8«i-'í By reqôpat of 'Iba pol¡oe,*uthoritieB in Adelaide,', jifeuth Aas-' tralia, I ba ve, the honour to furnish you ^ith the enclosed circular, relating to, the body of a man Whs was jonnd murdered ia the river ? Murray, with«, view to its publicity**? i The memorandum is as follows ;-" Adelaide ÍDe teotive Offioe, iS/ll/93. On the 15 h of October, .1898, the body of à man; came un known, was found in the Bira? Murray, aboht' three miles, from Morgan. The head was gashed and throat cut. The body bal ap- parently bean in the ' water 10 days or m<.re, andas the river wee flowing strongly, Íprobably drifted a long distanoe." Desoiip. ion : Age, 40years (perhaps less). Height about Sft. Oin., medium build, good teeth, »ne deficient in lower jaw, hair, most of which' had disappeared, apparently a light brown, the sleeve of a white shirt was tied around the neck. The body was clothed ia a brown merino singlet, a navy blue cotton shirt, with nxrrow red and white stripes, »brown merino cotton sock, a black diagonal cloth sack coat, with cloth covered battons, bound pockets, both side seams of ¿be coat had been ripped and re-sewn, evidently by a man's hand. A common grey blanket was tied like a shawl around the shoulders. The body was minus - ha% trousers, boots, vest, and one sask. In tho oeat pocket was found a Bkein of blaok thread doubled, and knotted ss though in t jnded for a fishing line. Nothing was found on the body that wonld lead to identification. The clothes are ia the possession of the Morgan polioe, and may be inspected. An inquest was held, and the jury ra tar no 1 a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown. The Adelaide polioe authorities would be glad to hear from any parson who might be able to supply a nine to deceased's identity." THE Albany AdWttser of the 13th inst, in* j dulges in the following pieoe of " spioy " wiitjng:-We have now,however, tte spao* tacle of the two Perth daily papers on the dine platform-a platform as narrow, as bigoted, as selfish as wes ever adopted by any j ournal. That platform may shortly be put as " Down with Espéranos Bay ; down with Al* bany!" and down with everything that is l kely to stand in the way of Perth and Fre- mantle. The nobleness and high-minded nets ef the policy is beyond compari- son with anything in history. It surpasses the Irish boycott and the terrorism of strikers. We should, we suppose, have to go baok to the history of the aboriginal raoss to disoover any policy of tho same character. In plain words our contemporary lays it down that ia order to give the trade of Coolgardie and Dundas Hills to. the " settled districts," communication with these fields should not bs opened from Esperance Bay. Shonld Dundas Hills prove . a permanent field, the Yilgarn Ballway, , our .contemporary inrgsitfl, shoal* tû»; ' tohti^uédto .lt« Further gl, he *uwe^ ^^^^^dedl&i; to open ap a route from Esperanto Bay ie to open the goldfields country to the traie of Sooth Australian merchante, whereas a route ria Fremantle would gire the trade to the "fettled districts." Tue whole of tho artioie echcei the sentiments of the Dotty Newe &nd; of filr. W. Sandover. It indioates that the Perth 'edi¡o a, tho Perth a?.d Fre- mantle merchants, and man; of t o Perth and Fremantle p opio are in# condition of fright. They have always been afraid of Albany, and now Esperance Bay bas ariai n as a ghost to give the pangs of fear to their weak hearts. They have al way a lived nuder the no. ton that it was as much tho business if the Govern- ment to find them f od asd drink as it was for a hen to provide for her ciiioktn». When now they see a danger cf some of tbe titbits sot coming their way, they ezpeot their hen te fly in a rage end fight fer the plunder. It is to be always "oluok, clnck" for them. There is, however, this fault in the illustration. The hen, like the sound politicien that she is, acknowledges the con« Btátutional right of e ton of her chicks J» fair play. Sha docB not cry "oluok, black' for the benefit of one or two of her brood bat all are given an equal ohanoe. 