WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? MBS. H. H. JENNINGS Uvea at No. 211, Main-street, Bridgeport, end Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but iu good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about halfpast II they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a seoond. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of hiB face was oonoealed fay a mask his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one band he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled soreaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely looked. What was it the women saw 2" "Daring a recent period of ill health," writes an Amerioan friend, "I had slap, badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'ilodk was suddenly aroused from a doze by what eemed like the calling of my name; and at the oot of the bed stood the image of my mother ust as she looked five yean before, as she was eaving home to go on a journey, on whioh ourney she was killed in a railway disaster. soreamed and fainted. I was foolish enough tell of it, and the losal old women gossips aid it was a summons and I would never get ell. Yet I did, and am in perfeot health ow. I believe that vision oame of my eak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and t's more than three years.ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, here's no end to the tricks the nerves ill play off on you when your system s out of condition. In March, 1890, t was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracottoad, Pokesdowo, Hants, wroteusaB follows:— was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear ny one in the room with me, yet I did not ish them far away in case I should call out or help. This was in June, 1869. I slept ery badly, and in the morning felt little he better for having gone to bed. There was ften a severe pain in my bead and over my yes, and I was siok most of the time. My kin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and owels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had o lie helpless iu bed. The dootor siid he idn't know what my complaint was. I took othing but liquid food, and oould not retain ven that on my stomach. By this time I as nothing but skin and bone. My memory ompletely failed. My head ached so dreadully I thought I should lose tny senses, and y friends agreed that 1 would never get etter. "I had given up all hope when one day rs. West, of Bournemouth, called and a-ked hat I was taking. She told me ehe was herelf once just as badly off, and was cured by other Seigel'e Curative Syrup. As she eemfcd to have so much faith in this medioine tried it, aud in three days I was able to walk cross the room, and by the end of tbe week I ent downstairs. Now I am aB well as ever. I an eat and digest mv food, and all my nerousness has left me." The malady Mrs. FoBter suffered from was ndigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostraion. The original cause was grief and shook t the violent death of her husband by accient, and the system rallied only when the yrup had given new vigour to digestion nd thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the ridgeport ghost, it remains true that most ncanny visions and sounds mean nothing ore or legs than a set of nerves all upset by ndigestion and dypepsia. fihosts come from he iuside of the person who sees tbeno, ani hen Mother Seigel's Syrup doeB itB work the yes and eare entertain only what is natura nd wholesome. 315.22.9va 