U IfBBMBIK Between mysticism and mystery there is only ft thin movable partition. Give it a posh, and •yon may pass from ono into the other. Last ^week I referred to mysticism generally, and Specially to its development in religion. This week I drop npon its near neighbour, mystery in religion ; and specially upon that branch of it associated with this season of the Christian year. Hie events of Easter are always placed in the category of mystery; and sometimes they are so placed as a cover for ignoranoe, rather than as a sphere for faith. The several [chief parts in the mysteries of Easter may, perhaps not unfairly, be placed in their time* 'order, which docs not regard the importance [of each. First is the alleged historic •fact of the resurrection of Jesus; then [the alleged nature • of the resurrection | which He experienced; then the resurrection • of all mankind, or of believers in Him, as a i sequence of His resurrection. At Easter the [clergy of most churches take up these subjects >as if they had never been treated before : they [traverse the original ground by well worn 'roads, and seem to be refreshed themselves, !if only because it is a year since they went that jway. At St. Stephen's Cathedral on Easter j Sunday morning, the preacher, so it is re i potted, devoted himself with much earnestness to proving the fact of t JESUS CHRIST'S RESURRECTION. This, though said to be as much a matter of history as is the fall of Jerusalem, nearly always is, by preachers, wrapped about with mystery as dense as if it lay wholly with h the invisible world. It is seldom or never presented to be boKered, as one is expected to be asked to believe, historic events; bat as one is expected to receive subjects which, from their very nature, lie in the realm of faith as distin guished from knowledge. Now and again a ^ftrlng individual will rush into the ficldarmed with proof which he intends to be good enough to convince a jury, to say nothing of convinc ing a judge. This was the course said to have been taken by the Rev. Father le Renetel at St. Stephen's. He is said to have proved the fact of the resurrection, by (a) the testimony of friends, (4) the testimony of enemies, {c) and that of disinterested persons. But since none of these persons witnessed or could wit ness the. actual resurrection, it is difficult to see what their testimony was worth on the bald fact. And so we get away as speedily as we possibly can under cover of mystery which per mits us to say («) Jesus Christ was alive on a certain day. (b) On a certain day thereafter He died by crucifixion. (r) On certain days thereafter, extending over a period of six weeks, He was seen in various weird ways, by separate persons and by companies of per sons, from which we are to infer, what ? Here even very good men part company, some telling as that there was a resurrection from the "dead;" others that it was a resurrection from the " graveby which two very different things appear to be intended, but both alike deeply wrapped in mystery. In one respect, beyond controversy, this event should be' ! placed in history, and its proofs should be pre sented to ordinary belief as distinguished from faith. Then we come to the ) HIRACLE OF TEE KESURBECTIOH the event, if it occurred, being different from ordinarily authenticated incidents, oc curring before or sinoe. The early church called it a "miracle," and the later church partly 'defends the term, or the theory ; partly sur renders it; and generally hides itself, if not with very great confidence, under cover of a mystery. The plea, not the argument, is *hi«t: " There are many things which we do not yet know, although they may zn themselves be 'subjects of knowledge, and by-and-by we may know them. Meanwhile we may, or must believe them." Bnt surely this is very poor work. Subjects lying within the field of possible knowledge must be found out, until they are found they may bo matters of trust, as dis * tinguished from belief on the one hand and faith on the other. For belief takes hold of matters of fact making the material of know ledge. Trust takes hold of the same things ; they not yet being demonstrated to our reason. But faith is ever within its own sublime region, filled with objects which cannot enter the . sphere of knowledge, though not beyond oar understanding. It may not be a perfectly exact allocation of external objects and internal powers, but it is near enough to say that (a) we know and believe some things ; (fi) that we do not know but trust other things: («) that we more or less understand and fully put faith in others. His lordship Bishop Webber, at the Pro-Anglican Cathedral went over the miracle of- the resurrection; and he, too, with all the acufceness and penetration manifested in his learned discourse appeared far too anxious to hide away in mystery and to excuse the church for making a very large domnnd upon faith just where there should not be any faith at all, but only simple belief or trust. This gradually leads up to the subject of the GENER&L; RESURRECTION. > Regarding this question the best minds have msked, What is it from ? What is > it to ? And most of them soon seek the protection of mystery. Those who > argue for a resurrection from the grave fed how tremendous the diffi culty is. They think it is solved by saying that God is able to do it all. There is no need to doubt what Ho can do; the question is what He will do, judged by what He now is doing. The less authority there is in the Bible, if there is any, to believe in a resurrec tion from the " grave," the denser the mystery needed to support the demand made upon credulity. Those who contend for a resurrection from 1 'death" do not walk in quite the open daylight. But they are more intelligible; they have more reason and more of the Bible on their side; and thoir ap peal is to human faith as distinguished from human credulity. The latter theory is sufficiently presented in . this paragraph: "Christ's own resurrection yields a proof of immediate resurrection of all. He . was the. Son of Han, and as He fulfilled all the right eousness] of humanity, He lived and died as & man, Ho rose and ascended into Heaven as a man. Why should we assert a part of this and not the whole? Why die as a man. but rise as God ? We have no authority for drawing such a line of demarcation between these two phases of His career. Instead, the whole signi ficance of His relation to humanity demands that no such line shall be drawn. He would not be the Son of man, nor the Saviour of man kind, if His resurrection had been immediate, and mankind's were to be delnyod for ages. To every believer who closes his eyes in death trusting in Him, He says, * To-day thou shalfc be with Me.' " ALL THINGS NEW. As the old passes away, it gives place to the new. It is better than tho old. It has less bondage through fear; it is nearer and more real. The unknown is called mystery. Nearly always tho mysteries are , deemed awful, terrible, inimical. Gradually mysteries are being solved or caused to vanish like ghosts. Religion has fewer and fewer mysteries to those who seek to be like God, and to do His will. In this there is no mystery; nothing to make afraid; fear cannot live in beings so transformed and conformed. Away with mystery in all that concerns us now. When we come at the future it will be plain. "And this may be our faith. Having life in its abundance, there is no break in its current at death; there is no waste of even endless ages. If joined to the divine Life, every change must bo to more life. If one with Christ how can it be that we shall not share His destiny, and go from world to world in His company ? Because we are one with the Life, death has no more any dominion over ue. With such hopes let us await our time of de parture. With such hopes let as lay our dead in the grave—not dead, not here, for they are risen." 