CHAPTER XXV. •Sunshine Eefoee a ST0E3T. “ william, dear, said Uholly next morn ing, as he scanned and criticised himself be fore the mirror. “You were right last night to put away the ram. Look not upon the rum when it is rosy. Now I have just had my hath, and I feel as young and as lively as a kitten. Things, William, is going to go swimmingly now. And jast as this good ship Mountain Wave is going to carry us all safe and sound and easy into the city of the Pacific Slope, so shall I, figuratively speaking, be borne along on that Mountain Wave the widow, and the widow’s love, into the haven of peace and matrimony and live happy ever afterwards on the fruits of my labors and—the widow’s jointure. “ But, William,” he added, “ I have no notion of being made walk the plaDk, thrown overboard, you know, by Mrs Colonel Keighlv. And, therefore, my friend, I must take the precaution to change my ooat before I enter the saloon another even Is she then,” said Frank, “ so very par ticular as to dress ?” “Dress, dear William; no, my boy, it isn’t dress that the good dowager regards so much, but she can’t "a’bear the thoughts of any other lovely cheek but her own being pressed to this manly bosom. ’Twas the face powder that done it, William. “ ’Course,, you don’t understand, how could you? But, you see, there is little Rachel, she that’s to be thrown into the_scale as a sort of an extra. Well, she is a kind o’ pigmy and out-and-outer the sweetest little paroel of goods ever I’ve handled. Now, Rachel has innocent babyish little ways that the dowBger-duohess mightn’t _ altogether relish, and when talking to me in the dark she may sometimes lean her head for a moment — O, only for a moment, William — on my ooat. And as likely as not I may—er—osculate, that is, kiss her in a fatherly way. Well, "William, that nose of the dowager’s is a right smart ’un. No, it isn’t big, and it isn’t her strong point, but it’saotive and it’s useful to its owner; only just let her have one Bn iff o’ the face powder on your sleeve and she’ll tell in a moment who the owner of the head is that was reclining there last. Jealousy in a woman proves she loves you. Granted, William. But, nevertheless, if | you’ve got face powder on your sleeve of any 1 particular brand, it’s just as well to change your coat a'fore ye goes in. “ And now for a trot on deck, "William, before the breakfast is down. Ton won’t come. Ta ta, then.” Cholly nodded to himself again in the glass, and showed a fine Bet of permanent teeth ; then off he went. Cholly felt fit, as he phrased it—“ fine and fit.” He bade the stewards good morning as he passed the pantry. He met Rachael coming tripping down stairs, showing her pigmy foot and displaying a morsel of silk stocking, and, will it be credited, he caught her-, but there, nobody saw it, so why should I go and tell. Somewhat to his surprise, he met Tilda on deok. He advanced smiling, and politely lifted his hat. “ A sweet surprise, dear young lady,” he said. Cholly always tried to talk his best English to Tilda and" her mother. “ Rut what,” he added, “ sent you aloft bo early, birdie ?” Tilda laughed musically. “ O !” she said, “I can see you are no sailor. Ladies don’t go aloft. Even American ladies would draw the lino at such a display. That is aloft.” She pointed to the mizen-top. “ Well, my dear Tilda, your Cholly asks forgiveness. He meant to say upstairs.” “No, no, that also is a’long-shore expres sion. Say, on deck, not upstairs.” “ Then you must give me lessons, Miss Brighteycs.” “ Put you up to the ropes, you ought to say. No, no, Hr Harrison, mother must do that.” “ Oh, you tantalising little puss. I’ve a good mind to propose to you and marry you right off the reel.” “ Oh, believe me, Mr Harrison, the pro posing would be only a very small part of it. But here comes my mother. Go and say good morning, never mind me.” Cholly did as he was told. Mrs Colonel Keighly Btood at the top of the companion for a brief space to recover her breath, and Cholly went to meet her, singing low to him self— Her mnrcli is like a mountain wave, Her home is on tko deep. “Good morning, lady fair. It is to be hoped that sweetest slumber visited your snowy pillow and claimed you as its own. But 1 need not ask, you look as fresh as the daisies on the lea, ere the morning sun has kissed the dew-drops from their crimson ^“Do bo sensible, Mr Harrison. Men people so seldom are. What a bright, beau tiful morning it is ! Oh, yonder is dear Tilda; we must go to her. Your arm, Mr Harrison." Cholly gave his arm as desired, and she leant very heavily on it indeed. As neither of the two of them had acquired their sea legs, their march along ihe Mountain Wave served to impress the lounging sailors more with an extreme sense of the ridiculous, than anything in the way of admiration. “ Jigger my eyes, Jim,” said one. “Yon’s a sight.” “She has all the airy grace of Gray ere Cheese,” said the steward, who was bearing off a covered dish. “An’ all the illigance av a barrel o’ buttermilk,” said Paddy O’Mulligun, who waB coiling the Black of a rope. “Jim,” oried the first speaker. “Fly like a good 'un to the man of the wheel, and bid him luff a bit. Quick, for your life. Skip.” Jim skipped. Cholly and his protegee were now right in the centre of the ivory-white quarter-deck, and the ship was on a nice even keel, and as steady as a coaoh. Cholly gained confidence and straiehtened himself up. He shifted his feet to get into step as nimbly as if he’d been a drill sergeant. Mrs Colonel Keighly had one foot elevated, that foot seemed to claw the air for a moment, but it sought in vain for the deck. The weather bulwarks rose high in air, a huge wall of water towered, ourling skyward, to the leeside. Mrs Colonel Keighly shrieked. Like some strong swimmer in his agony. Cholly olutched wild at vacancy, and the next moment these ardent lovers were lying to gether in the souppers—poor Cholly under neath, and a stream of foaming water, rapid as a mill-race, swept relentless over the un happy pair, drenching them most effectually from head to feet. Ten minutes afterwards both were in bed in their respective cabins, and Cholly told Frank he had never felt so completely flattened out since the date of his birth. “ Breakfast, dear William,” he added, “why it is out of the question, I have no place to put it in. I’m ironed out, I tell you, a3 flat as a butterfly’s wing.’’ “ Do you think that a little Moet would help to restore your rotundity ?" “ Just the thing. The gas will do it, you know. William, you’re too good for this world; there is angel written up all over your benign visage. William, you never committed that murder. Hanged if you-” Frank’shand dosed over his mouth, and he oould say no more. “William,” he said, when he recovered his breath, “ I’m a fool, and I’m constantly putting my foot in my month. Better luck next—ah ! here comes the Moet.” It took Mrs Colonel Keighly all the fore noon to redress and get ready for luncheon. Undressing had been a terrible ordeal, for the new patent corset that madame had boon squeezed into that morning had never been built to stand immersion in salt water. It collapsed to a fearful extent, and the lady was blaok in the face before Rachel and the stewardess succeeded in cutting her out of the corset. There is no other way of describing the process by which they managed at last to get her clear. But she looked as radiant as ever, when she sailed in to luncheon, and was quite willing to chaff and be chaffed about the accident. Nobody knew the real truth about it, how ever, though Captain Boniface strongly sus pected the man at the wheel. It was evident to everybody, even to the dootor himself, that after this adventure Cholly and Mrs Colonel Keighly beoame faster friends than ever. They were sel dom now, if ever, apart during the forenoon or evening. It is universally ad mitted by all who have ever sailed the seas that shipboard presents many facilities for ove-making and flirtation, and without doubt the dowager duchess made the most of it. She it woe, indeed, who did most of the courting, in her own sly and inimitable way, and seldom indeed did she brook Cholly out of her sight, except for that little hour after dinner. “ A man must have his smoke, she would say. “Go and have your pipe, Cholly; I don’t forbid tobacco.” “It has come to ‘ Cholly’ now, you know,” the fond lover told Frank. “For a long time it was * Mr Harrison.’ Things is getting thicker. William. The mountain wave—I mean the duchess—is kind o’ closing over my head, and if there was a parson on board, bio wed if I don’t think she’d marry me straight away.” But there was one thing that Frank could not help noticing, namely, that always after coming below from having his post-prandial pipe, Cholly went straight away to his cabin and changed his coat. There had been a pigmy head pillowed on his breast, and it had lain there much longer than, considering i Choily’s relations with the Colonel’s widow, i it had any business to do. About this Frank considered it his duty to i rally his cabin mate one evening. “ Do you think you’re behaving perfectly ; square to Mrs Colonel Keighly 7”. * “William,” said Cholly, turning a_ glance : of uity upon his companion, “ "William, it kind o’ surprises me that you’re not more a , man of the world. Do you pretend to think r for the sixtieth part of a minute that the , mountain wave oares two pins for Cholly Harrison, apart, William, from the vast riche3 in which he roll* and wallows ? 14 Do you think, dear William, that at this very moment mother and daughter aren’t sitting in their cabin plotting and planning how they can marry the pair of us, while my darling pigmy, secure in the undying affec tion ot her loving Cholly, stands dressing her lady’s hair and smiling inardly.^ It’s all a game my William, dear. It’s all a game. But look you, dear boy, as you have a soft heart, I thought I’d soften your • path in life a little. Tilda is one of the daughters of the earth, but she is fair to look | upon. Now, I said nothing definite to her i mother about you. But I did hint that you haven’t done eo badly at the diggings.’' Well, Cholly, that’s a well-meant fib, for which I must forgive you. But I have a love already, though she is, alas !—” 11 Of course; she must be a lass,” said Cholly. . “I’m not going to encourage your levity, Cholly, by the ghost of a smile. My love, I say, is far away.” “Yea, beyond the seas, William, and you can’t stretch across, so you know you can’t do better than just be civil to Tilda. My eyes! William, if I were only free, or rich, it’s the daughter and not the mum I’d sidle down close to of an evening. Hanged. if-” 1 “ Stay, stay, stay. Now off to bed you go. No, never another drop.” (to be continued.) 