T'/1J "" Tl" l\ " NJES\\\'51' 1PEl | INSID)E I'IINTING IIIOUSE SQUARE. Tnlee:is n very intereosting article by 1Nhi. Edmund Vincient in the Engllih Illstaltdecl .1n!lancie for Sepjtembor, from which we are very glad to be able to takeo the following quotationa. MIr. Vincecnt ays : Accompany Ice then, at six in thoovoning ol thl door' in Printi(ig Hlouse SquIIro. lemi ill without ill Lhe Ilesh, but let your diecelbodiud Ilirit, neat thrugh ithe foldiing doors ; Lthe n hoie liciudl the muilingt on Lhe right cilli not Ilnoici your ghost, blit you ll' IIOCUice lint they sit. it. thell receipt of telegrams andull of invelopcre, all, l Lthat Ino innll her"ilig Ilhe printed envoulole ofi the paper goes away iiunrcw' rdled. Volt will otice, too, tha(it Lhe ighlt printer.s cure ldroll ing in neo aft iter tinlther, for the great eicn'u o is awcking ot c lIIir hIll-sh.el of Lho di y. cIii: Ioll l'llcilcic LIciit. (tllic uiiubstniticlly to Lhe right and yotu shall pass hroigh i l lofty rloom, it wiildlre('.-s of ironi tables? aI Ityl, tl lhe foo.t of ci Slpirl slanirc:l of iron, iClselig whiih you shall bIrectoe inwilre of i itwarlt iiill of ii inil olf at rn.ltling crshihug sound fron i a composing mingoi . l.ouk dowln its lengthl, nrll thei iheii'eCsiolIII produceld on Ihie eye is thut Oc ani oundlceul series of fllllrs, lbridt libtIeen it Veel.inn Ilinid tl tI anl .iWnItni r, cr cll, llo l IitLu l by Ili aeoellitUee wihi nook cniecr*n stlng Iglgt loecenoa rtr ied iupion lie work. he fort earh icmanii lies his lipl of '' copy -"; legible or illegible, ha inlust melee (tli brest of it.; slinU uetb ly lhand, others by iinuhiiir, piilyed II on with Ieeys like a piano, cpall, f ii cutlilig nearly :100 lines u iin ilur, wheruisii lifty lil?n is the lihnit of the bell, hInd labour. ]to conitenit uilll Iith gl llci hereo,. Know hllnt elch man iii s lis hiis worlk aillOted to himt by hlu he(atd-ipriltcr, (1t 1 tL iniiy of tho gruow to inll hiiii)nahble cidi iage, Ihat all recceive pay i tel alis hilci' I Iltl lcsiero earlned by lilly ilcin of their cli'a li .iii l(nii, Sid tihati there is not a T'adr s Unirei ( autiu11ig th?etim. TIIHll I lTUKl' C unltlhilh. IiPass througlih grcolln-bizx o doolr into a lolug collridoi, riolllcellc ring tllhat evenl to thu lirits hie roomt of thli editor of tlhe 'Tinh? relllilns cloedi, nd tlll't yl 111u ill aniiothelr iiI's house inlvestiglting thlie piono trltliai of hi busitiIuies. Otlher i'oomn in Ithis corridor iare tiihoso which iiused to be occupiel by Mr. Maledonal, nicil iccupied clOW by r. iollfirey Wailterl, lnd l I li d trawhing-rooin in wlich visiils nero Ire received, ovecr Itho matel-le of wicc i h hu , until tIho olther day, a Iportrait of somebody in anlidilutitiun jack-boots,twhonm I alwaiys t slllitled, witlllhout lilly jusl.ifcation, to be Crabb Rlobinson. T'here lire three writing-rouiiis oni Ils floor, each hlavingi It goodl deaik allodgood chI',re it supp)ly of Ilo blue slips of inper, and it strong olectric rc ladinglni.ll There ic allo lieluber 7, thie rool in which alln armi y of sob-eilitor spenld Inborlous nighits over ocenls of mlanulllcscrillt, iuch of whichl, to the infinite nlilnyance of ovieybody cetceilllld, is filitbly iipnclilled on to gresed lpaper aind called "Ilhisy;" In splitel tIcife monotony of their workl, tilo sub.editors of the 'imei its bodly rcu Ihe olreiest, land the Imost hlclplinl ilcll ill thoworld,nor dlo they thiki it AbiolNitoly a matter of "conscicucC to deprivel ant article of ill point aniid nill opigrtni. TIIte llIe'01itTiRti AT II)nlE AND ARlilIAD,. Upiililri, onil nlotlher coirridor, ciia (hie 'repoltor' rooem, the leiclei-wi'ilors' rooets, Ihie forel?n roomlc. oThe leadir-cc writers ire Iwrlenlhod il mystery. I cntllllnot lly wtho Lliey tire, liho' niuchl they evii-, heoiw lthey do Lthit' wolrk, how mnciny of th(iei there niro, for thOe iiImaxim of the 'Jimolen (ilco is tint of Lthe sIge, witch vIt'riatioh, " Call nin mai a it lotilor-.riLtr until lid is daidl." Thoe lam of the rol ortlure li lellion. The foreigni rlooln is onl of Lihe bIuliest in the hoIitusce. Thei wilree frolni Ie Cotlinent click withollt c(sinIig; i Lho iIesaiigei s which COlmiO riequiore the fTil tit Loctlinol of fourll Ltrilined ienii iullidcicr ci chief. It is it mnistake, by tho wily, Lo cill thlis gentleiImani, accomlishe d uilii ilti guishcdil ii he is, in editor. T'le 'J'i?irc Ihiln butt one ediloir, and in his dpcitilient hIo is absolutlle ind liulllllreme. We are now it n ipositionl to give it roughll ?uolcll of ihe llelcanc concerne dil ii plroiducing, choosing cind alrrlanginlg the mlattel r napnr flront aidviertieolniente, which Oppiears in ilhe Times. 'ill- 1 MN WiHO etMAI c TcHE "TISli"." Tllhy nro the edlitoer, ii assistant editoir, foreigi director, nlld ihIe Iso-nlled Cily editor, thouiigl hero ig?iln the word i" udlictur" is to niy minild misappni liedl. Thorio cit x lenidol'-riters, thor ai rel' or c CveiIl subi ieditors, cnd midwalt y bbetweenli tlhem alind Lice printiers are tihe lrenders. Thl'lre ite clu x pieciil correlspondens(i, / re Iorteors, assignedc to distridics and pe'ipitet c, anllld seri. atlachlced riclorlores. In thu Uniitel ? illgtloli there is a local correspoIu ndent of everiy Iowii of importanciOl ; in every cunciltry in tlhe wceorld, ialmost, is nn ntccolmplic ed lgeintleman entitled to cell hlitnclf "ollown coLcrre plloudcLt." Of tlleso MI. dt Itlowlix is (Ihe typo ncldtl lue Ilccl. E1eVlt noii I have omilttl.ce the full s?llT of ieoltrel l ii lthe 1 ousee of Commonslii, ,who unilible the' T''imel to gice practlically the only c c plclto i'report of ubntes lpublishcd dlnily in Igtil?hul, auid tihe lew reiporterCl, Irllrrlisters a Cll, iichlinig loii nippointeil to each circuit, i ht he hcndiof wtlho ic li( IIemot licndlftigIIle iii lied mios humnorous of imeni, ithe Lfvourite of licleh lnd lilr, who has always ic kicdily worid folr ?lltrugiilin jlunlior aniiid it inrry anlccililo for the judcicd leulc r.'. Still therle remaini the iultillcclinidhous revieiwers, the idratlici critic, lhi iiucictlei critic, tho ianr critic, 1.110 getciloeluiin who inlios the turf his sliiy, the ynchtsniiulii, Lheo rowing critic, ieho observer of cricket. Thlo unmcos of gentlemen of tllst clahss are icdeed legioni, theIy tire is nicllilceltous a the lpursuits of ielln. Thioe tmnl~omen.c of this grieat olrg?isa lion is conicloted by Mr. Arthulr F. \\\'nlter, with tioh icil ,aniccch ieslsbneoo cif lr. itr?i Roll,-y l'lc jlr ntii-.oe 1tltiirtlct 1e 11 thl it'\Vlltor ipresses Ial vo boeen llle i the olilneorillng room cit the lbisemluellitof P'rintlilEi IiouIO SiclulU'e. lol'e, too, is the ctype O d'Y for lit the T'itic Ollico c iulrge propliortioni of tyLoI is melted ul nlid re-cast. Finailly hie collltoeilg ciciiehile, Kci iCleol i heitni , writih eo tunlniy i iicr'ov ieiientu thit (,cli origilinl idea ill nlinost bIoyond recogiltl.ioli, hic 'e receitcived miilchil l'tlcllioii wclih excell llt rcanlls, Ab onle tilime ii cit lll tcitoliry toii ceutnnoib thi oeiieriaor8 cii, c0nom of Ih(ei. mnchhiei by tlolepholle with licesole clictlnlt. Itg froinm Lie lolse of CColnii?i, buit, the iunctico hins bencl pinrclialcly iliecolelticiecll, Iccrily bicenio thie lcilO iC Ol l nincllcio hlc becoio nn "ci cily io b10 oeil n iiltutioe, cirtly beccuteeo tlho uIt' ict oil Ihle olcorntor cWias folllld to bL nlnolicist iLitolerlcble. lb Ie ll Iknocwn tilhl? cirliOi egllle'giitce Iroeil incioLooriiroi iI tlheo Ioni of liho. grillcoit ic-mlilto, -nuid cri,,tIle ccl gI.ealhittLe recsu nblihgul l litttce duic' lucre Icull, fOlcccil hit ioltoot ritcs icthli ns Lc ioti e of ''OIIcglidegin tulIt the ll'oi Uirel, I)lncmulcic clloe clso folilli Lo occur i l oli volennio 'elillt, uceh ue lhie liluborlicy mincen of Sctilh ificica whlohi cuIllte Illelid w Iitl ceclmoei ihtrlllulcio ctclutcrihl Lhieow etip fromi i gru iieithi. ]iofessor CiurvilU Lowle sulposed ithec dtuionidi c it hno booleei forilied by the iiiton of lhoe ictI'uPiv'o nlloterhll oii Lic cnhrbotificiiil lihlu fontcld thLre, nill icrclllelell tIhlt lilcitnotullc woitild be folllct ill ilcetlcourlll I illlt iuo dliaiontllte ilvo ylt ,cuin liutl in thi Lile (lrcinilnll ihroneibodl, whloro In chitilar cctioll hits Ukli tI IInce. Pi'ofueor 0. W'. ]Hunttinugh tot recelilly enlreroiced le ohillhion-whicchl itnod, Ia il tlrellty liieti frunlcl hiy Mi. I i)uibrdo-thait, enlceO th e(.I is nicIIrh1 U IeIuIly i 1u11118e of InotCoriteI coere cOO lII with i rlllet, thoro oughll to bL e ibullhnucte of dltncotldS cit grnl eat elollIl?tle, T?io cieeol?a 0 lhnlicol ity of Ai. Ielniii'e hlrnceh icroeo, Lotgotlor ciiih Iho loae hie evor tile. ihnyed for Lthe dtiscuislhi of slrilIlilI iroblemo ul nd Lho nnlllysi of thiLe ollgIOus soitlilleclit, n turnll y lccggeslt a come iilccuoli critl both lheo tiltor nutil (hie iucciclieci of ihe inlo u lllllltt'ow Alrnolt. iTheo nlltily be~tceen .I two vis, indeotld, verye rematrkablo, 