TTIE POETRY; OF THE; SEARCH-LIGHT. . j The advantages or; disadvantages of tlio search-light in the,dread event of %var belong most .decidedly, to the ulti-aprosaic, .side 7 of its,character. "Whatever effect is produced by.-the light,on observers" ,on , the shore lis icertainly not lessened when the search . light ,is brought to bear upon observers at sen. 3?roin; lio w, near or far nono of us on tlio slirp can do move thau. guess; a .beam, of light shoots hither and thither over, the darksur face of the ocean. Suddenly the beam is lost, and in place of it wo see a bright and,blazing star. And then all the air is filled with a blinding light, apparently circling round and round,-and forming a pathway direct to the star from which it comes. It is only for a momont. As suddenly as it camo upon us it has gono, and wo feel tliat even at sea, whoro night cttti be dark, \ve have never liuown before what darkness meant. Pro bably our ship is one of a squadron, and is fitted, liko her consorts and tlio vessel whose light has broken so mysteriously upon our darkness, with a seaTch-liglit of lier own. This will be quicklj't brought into play, and its beams in their turn will dart hither and thither across the dark waters in search of the ship from -which the strange light flashed. In this progress the beams will cross and re-cross the lights of other ships and will shqwat ono minute dazzlingly opaque and the next as a transparent film. Every eye is turned to the quarter whence the first light flashed upon us. If the light como from a torpedo-boat and fortune favor us we shall sight tho boat in t few minutes, but it may be an hour or moro before wo do so, for her com mander, if he wished to escape de tection, would naturally avoid the direct path of the light from his ship. But, sooner or later, telling bluc I black against tho light beyond her, j we catch sight of the low-lying boat, which is passing through a beam and is speeding towards us. Now, in time of war, would be the " psycho logical moment " for guns. But we are anxious only to keep tho on-com ing boat under observation. Sho is travelling fast, and we have to shift the light rapidly. Once again the beam falls upon the water, but it catches only the stem of the stranger, mak ing it toll as light gray against dark. Nearer and nearer hastens tho boat, davtiug this way aud that in a vain endeavor to elude tho blinding raj' of ghostly light which follows her relent lessly. The weird mystery deepens as the space between us grows less, and distance, form, and color are dis torted and lost. As often as not we see from behind the light tho boat which it is covering, as though it were travelling in tho air or upon the bul warks of our own ship. Weird audi startling as is this effect, it is far sur- I passed by that which is given by tho search-light when it throws, as it often does, huge shadows on tho sky. Not every state of tho atmosphere is favorable to this plionomonon. 3?og or smoke must bo present in the air, which will then, being made opaque or semiopacjuc, take the imprint of a shadow almost as surely as a blank wall on shore. Just in the same way one often sees on tho water, when the sun is shining, the sharp shadow of a ship, formed where there is foam, though as a rule tho water, being as trausparont as the air, will not tako a shadow. The same tiling takes placo with the search- light, only tho light being so much nearer to the \ object than aro the clouds upon which tho shadow is thrown, the shadow often appears many times larger _ than the original, and a tiny boat will givo »i shadow moving along the clouds liko a gigantic ghost ship. Just as shell may be answered by shell, and a torpedo attack be rcturnM in .Mud, so may flash bo responded to by flash, and beam meet beam. In war faro I the search-light should provo very useful in koeping under observation an attacking boat, and one's first thought is sho would inevitably serve as a splendid target for guns fired from behind the light. But what if tho attacking boat could turn on _ a soarcli-light as well as tlio attacked . Everything would then appear. blur red and uncertain to the gunners, who would be in an even worso predica ment than the Bislov marksman with the sun in his eyes. It would be im possible to describe tho effects^ of color produced by the search-light when turned directly towards an observer, some of ? which are, of course, common to arc lights under all circumstances. The nor mal ray is a silvery white, but when tho light burns badly, the ray appears surrounded bj' prismatic colors,among which violet is predomi nant. Asa rule, those portions of tho ship using tho ; light that aro caught in the ray stand out in a beautiful roso-pinlc. Tho water, . whoio the light touches it, seems an intense, almost buttercup,, yellow fringed with omcrald; green, aud shading off into deop bluo-black shadow. No painter has yet attemp ted to grapple with these ' changing hues aud strange effects. They are vivid almost beyond belief} autl add in no slight degree to tho poetry of the search-light;. Cqw>ll}K Family I Jftif/azinc. " Is tho editor in ?" asked the poet. with A. smile that was far from liright. " Ho is," said tlio drowsy printer; " they 1 Run him in last iiisht." Then tho poet laughed-for rovengo is ; Sweet-ai.d gratefully wont his ways, And softly limumcd as ho trod tho street: ' '' Ten dollars, or thirty days J " A burglar, arrested as ho was leav ing.a houso in Kensington (Eng.), took, the policomau back to tho houso to convince liim. that ho ;livod there." Fo went upstairs, knocked at :, tho tenant's bedroom 'door, and told. her that the officor,wished to be satisfied as to his identity. Tho ; lady replied ?'All right," moaning, that she. Avould see him immediately, and the burglar, politely.showed the unsuspecting con-; stable out, but tlio man was, subse quently arrested. Bobbers entered, a lonely monastery in ALaaga.^whioh was; known to b© rich in votive: ofTorings/and murdered the priest bcca,use lie would ? not: toll Avhoro tho troasuro, was concealed.. ;; A man wont liomo drunk; near Dur ham, and turned his wife and,family out of doors. Shortly after tho house was seen to be on fire, and tl\Q man was burned to deathv 