Oasis Club Papers. No. XVIII.— HENRY KENDALL. (By Donald McLean.) Our club papers have spoken much of literature and a good deal ol heredity: the subject of the present paper offers both topics, with such lights and shades of illustration as the story of one life rarely combines. It is the story of a.man who sounded at once the depths of poetry and degradation, and for the self-same reason — because he could not help it. The poet is born, not made; the drunkard unhappily is both born and made. In the case of Henry Kendall nature was wholly responsible for his greatest glory and his greatest shame. Basil Kendall, son of one of the first New Zealand missionaries, and aman of evident talent; met the fair Melinda NcNally at a dance in Sydney one night, and married her next morning. This was marriage in haste, without a doubt, and there is reason to believe the repentance proverbially following thereon was equally precipitate, for the bride was of intemperate habits — more pronounced even than the bridegrooms. They retired to a miserable little farm, adorned with a bark shanty, near Ulladulla, on the coast south of Sydney, where about the first production was a pair of equally miserable little twins one of whom was christened Henry Clarence. -This twin in after life was described by Samuel. Bennett, founder of the Sydney Evening News and Town and Country Journal, as an 'inspired black fellow.' He had every opportunity of becoming one, if running mostly naked and uncared for among scenery, of inspiring Australian beauty could do it. The boy was taught in a desultory, varied way by his father, now an invalid, until his death which took place when Henry was eleven years old. And this completed his education as or dinarily understood. But it really began when, at the, age of sixteen, he had the fortune to obtain the situation of office boy with Lionel Michael, a solicitor, at Graf ton. Michael was a poet of much merit, but he lived in a time when the adjective ' colonial ' damned everything except wool gold, and he went and drowned himself in the river. Who can blame him ? Meantime with the sympathy existing between genius and genius, he discerned the calibre of. his office boy, opened to him his valuable library and encouraged his footstips in the walks of poetry. The editor of. the Sydney Empire, whose name happened to be Henry Parkes — a name heard of since that date — one day received some verses from Grafton which he thought good enough to print. More followed, and the youthful poet soon attracted the notice of the men of the day who were heterodox enough to believe that something good in the way of literature could come out of the beastly colonies. But they were few, very, very few, and Kendall conceived the daring enterprise of sending a bundle of his verses to the London Athe luciim. The verdict of the this.'first critical paper of the day, was eminently favorable, and the world began to think colonial poetry possible after all. This was in the good old days when any young man commanding influence was billeted into one of the Government departments and left to his own devices to pass away the time. Naturally no small portion of this was put in at bars and clubs. So much may be predicated of Henry Kendall, who in 1865 was accommodated with a place in the Survey Office, in Sydney. Next year, when he was 25, he married Charlotte Rutter, daughter of a local doctor, and all went happily with him until the ten dency to alcohol, inherited from both parents and developed by idleness and temptation, became pronounced and scandalous. He lost his position in 1869, and removed with his wife to Melbourne. Here he brought out his first pretentious volume, ' Leaves from Australian ^Forests,' but the venture proved a dead loss to all concerned, and the poet at oricc sunk into depths of degradation than which any lower were unthinkable but for that lower being afterwards limned by himself. 'At her window' a woman ' sits, and waits and sits, then trims her fire and comes to wait again,' while the man for whom she patiently and unmurmuringly watches the weary night through, wastes it in low and drunken revel. ? 1 pray you think of liiw That wrciuh must Miller in his waking times, (If he he human) -vhcn he rocollceix That through tin) lmif long hours of evil feasts With nuiutcd »in, and under glaring gas, ltis brightest friend was tit a window sill, A watcher seated in a joyless room, And haply left without a loaf of bread. Fortunately his constitution could not stand much of this ; sickness came as a saviour, and while reason reasserted herself, he pulled himself out of the slough and fled Melbourne and its temptations. A clerkship was obtainpd for him in a Sydney mercantile house's branch at Brisbane water, a little way to the north of Sydney. Perhaps the sudden abstention from alcohol had some thing to do with it, but here the 'thin parti tions' collapsed, and Kendall was. for a short time confined in a lunatic asylum. He speaks of. this temporary clouding of his in tellect as ' the shadow of 1872.' Shadow it was, nevertheless out of it came some noble poems, and one which, whether in poetical conception, splendour of phrase ology, sublimity of truths, cadences to haunt the ear as the exquisite music of a dream, universality of acceptation though instinct with Australian colour, challenges compari son with the masterpieces of the language — the delicious stanzas named ' Mooni,' of which more anon. . Poor Kendall was soon discharged as cured — cured in mind if a mind charged with settled remorseful melancholy can be called cured— -but enfeebled, almost wrecked, in body, a man of thirty with the aspect of one of fifty years, and fifty years of disappoint ment and despair. He now accepted the editorship of a Grafton paper, and at once plunged', into the nether neil of degradation. Melbourne experiences were outdone in every direction, and fittingly crowned by domestic affliction. No one like himself can tell of those days: of ..the husband slinking out under cover of the night to haunt public house bars, quenching that remorseless thirst with dregs fro'mglasscs and bottles, anything, alcoholic to be ob tained, by loafing importunity.; ? of the 'patient,, pure wife, the gentle girl of better days, as timid as a mountain fawn,' also stealing out in the dark to grope for chips in her neighbour's yard, or make' by untrodden ways to the pawnbroker's with the bundle of wretched rags she had almost stripped herself to obtain and exchange for necessaries for her. dying child. ' There is the dreadstrect with the mother's curse on it; the moanings of a dying child, the woman faint for want of bread, the pauper's hearse at the door, the father writing by the .dead toearn the undertaker's fee, while ',- Tho hell thu Christian fears to name ? Was heaven to his fierce romqrse. , - But, God be thanked, . this was the last time those who love poetry arid reverence; genius were to- look iinoir-° the., lamentable; picture.'. This was the last of Henry Ken dall's'degradation. Whether the death of his baby girl Araluen had administered a supreme shock, or the ruined constitution no longer, craved to that inoxorablc extent, certain it was that the: pact which Kendall in his more youthfull days playfully declared he had made with the demon of drink was now broken, and for ever. In Camden Haven (on the north coast) where he ob tained his next situation, peace and. tran quility reigned in his household, and here some of his finest works were written, amongst others a poem on the fust Australian International Exhibition (in 1879), which obtained the Sydney Morning Herald's prize of ,£ too. In 18S1, Sir Henry l'urkes, who throughout entertained a high regard for the poet, appointed him an Inspector of Forests at a salary of ^500— not without a virtuous outcry from the pro fessional politicians. ' What,' indignantly exclaimed a veteran nepotist, 'what does a poet know of forestry!' Not very long were these gentry to be defrauded of their law ful prey. Scarcely had one year's salary been drawn when the naturally feeble little man, with his wrecked constitution, caught a cold while riding in the country in the execution of his duty. His lungs were soon attacked and he was brought home to Sydney to die. There on the first of August 1882, early in the morning, with his arms around the neck of woman he had so much reason to love and trust even unto death, the end came. It has been thus riecessary to sketch, however briefly and imperfectly, the life of this man, because not to know his cxperi: ences is not to understand his poetry to the full. Few sons of meriimderwent his ordeal, but his misfortune was the world's gain. He, of all poets, learned in suffering what he taught in song, arid- his teachings are more precious than gold. ? He not only saw the lightthat never was on sea or shore, but; to put it in a ' manner conversely, he alone saw the light that never was on any sea or shore save those of Australia. Though his life was passed entirely in the vicinity of the sea, he caught as if by the instinct atr.; taching to the genius of the land, all the phases varying throughout its vast breadths of longtitudc. Not alone have we pictures of the yellow-haired September singing on the myrtle-shadowed banks of the Mooni ; of the 'gracious slopes^ of fair. green hills where float the psalms' of many rills '; of the '? rainy hill-heads, where in starts and in spasms, leaps the 'white torrent from chasms to chasms'-; but' also of scenes where 'the strength* of dry thunder splits hill-rocks asunder an'd the shouts .of the desert-wind breaks'; of the lar Paroo, plains, 'blue-gleaming like a sea of molten steel'; of ' swarthy waste lands, wide and woodless, pent 'with silence, thick with hot and thirsty sighs ' ; of the .' dumb, blind, burning plain, where the 'red earth gapes for ever and the wan leaves hiss for rain ' ; of ' spheres that no- bird knows, of, where with fiery emphasis hell hath stamped its awful mint-mark deep on everything that is ' ; of where ' December's breath as a wind' of smiting flame is on weird, haggard wastes of death ' — ' where the dry winds hiss for ever and the blind earth moans for rain.' Is it strange that he who passed all his life in the milder, -more humid scenery of his native land should describe with most power and : gusto the desert aspects which he felt if he did not see — felt in the core of his own blasted existence ! . . ? : . . j Like every true poet, Kendall loved the ' tuneful handmaiden of poesy -with a love I only second to that claimed by her mistress. ! His address to 'Euterpe' teems with images of a passion tinged with' despair. The murmurs from her mouth inspire 'splendid hints that burn and break, heavy with excess of beauty.' Even as a wondrous woman struck with love and gro.it desi/c, Hast thou been to mo, Euterpe, half of tears and half of lire. , The delicacy of ear, as here revealed, as in the case of Pope, has not proved an un mingled blessing. The sweetness of the strain: tires with constant repetition. As when the continued cooing of doves fatigues the car and makes the croak of a crow welcome by way of change, the ; trick of Kendall's beautiful music eventually op presses the sense and causes the reader to long for something less dulcet. The skilful and experienced musician knows how to enhance the music by well-timed discords. , Every poethas his mannerism, but Kendall 'more pronouncedly than most. Though rich in imagery, his pet phrases recur. too often. There are too many shouts of tempest and wings of gleam ; too much dry thunder and plains like seas of some metal or other ; far folded streams too frequently lose them selves in ftowerful forests, and the ghosts of things in general walk at all hours of the day and night. These arc blemishes of which most poets are guilty in degree, but they seem the more remarkable in Kendall because not everyone can understand the appropriateness of his epithets and images. He was an Australian of the Australians who are to be, not of the ' Australians who are. Manv have conceded the racincss of /the soil which flavours his poetry without attempting to explain it. We know that when Kendall sings of mountains they are Austra lian mountains, and that when other Austra lian poets, or rather poets in Australia, sing ' of mountains they may be the Mountains of the Moon. To descend from the abstract to the concrete, and explain what this something called Australian colouring really is no one has yet ventured. Sometimes it consists in a word, sometimes in a phrase, sometimes in an image, all of which at first appear mis applied, or at least bizarre, by reason of their application to conditions that do not exist elsewhere j but generally the:virtue is cen tained in a breathing sensible rather than explicable and determinable. The latter' cannot well be quoted, but same samples of' the former may be given. 'Where the meeting mountains fonder.' It would take too long to explain why the word ' ponder ' applies more appropriately to the attitude of the mountains 'of Australia than to any others I know of, and I have pondered over those of- America, Africa, and New Zealand. ' The wan leaves Aiss. for, rain.' .. There is a touch of Australiariism here vouchsafed to none but a' genius of the soil. In the great dry, sandy regions of Central Australia the leaves of the stunted trees become crisp with drought and make i.t the burning wind a strange sililant sound, rather than the murmurous rustle of the sappy foliage in happier spheres— hiss'for rain; as a brood of of seipcnts hiss for food. 'Aland of fierce, dry thunder'. needsho gloss. By Jlooni's marge, Sin7s the yellow-haired September With tho faco tho gods remember When the ridge is burnt to ember, And the dumb sea chains, the , barge. To non- Australian tastes Kendall insists too much upon the beauty of September, ?' the English April's sister,' and his best beloved month of all the Austral year : but this also suggests an apperception not yet developed nto the consciousness of the dwellers in their | ;land. Few may discern much beauty in j the withering rank grass'which survives the ? winter, yet to our poet it is the glorious yellow hair in which peerless September sits and sings with a face to be rembered by the 1 gods when vulgar interests have swept off the graceful ' robe with consuming fire. Some may attribute the yellow hair to the wattle, but the fact that Kendall deals very sparingly in wattle forms one of his claims to be~an Australian poet. . .'.'.' Even in the years . that used to be when. Clear illviuer countenances .-'. . .-. Ucaincd on him like blessed chances, long before he had occasion to V ? ' 'shrink before tho splendid ? ? : . - Face 0 1 deity oflended, .; .-,':., -, the Athciuciini stated that the peculiar mark of Kendall's genius consisted in a wild Mueller like facility for depicting scenery, and thathe found his chief pleasure in the contemplation of the melancholy. His after-experiences' were not likely to interfere ;with'this bent. Kendall is the poet of pathos and remorse.. Tender and graceful and gracious to others, he launches all the thunderbolts' of 'an ex haustless armoury on his own head. Of Daniel Henry Deniehy, another of the most ?gifted of men who succumbed to siniilar weakness, he speak as ' one who, failing, suffered all a poet's pain.' The sufferer by being a poet is at once curst and blest — curst with a sensibility and capacity for feeling pain beyond the ordinary mortal, and blest in drawing solace from sources revealed to no other, in gaining some surcease of pain by singing of it. At the close of those cruel Grafton days, after the burial of the only child that had then been given him, he \- seeks to console her mother; Ah, the saddest thought In leaving baby ln'thM]-bush ulonc Is that we have not been able on her grave to place a stone. We havo boon too poor to do it j but, my darling, never mind— . ' ' Ood is In the gracious heavens, and his sun and rain aro kind. To none, surely, save a pricit of Nature would this consolation occur. God with his gracious sun and rain would clothe the dese late little heap of dust in a tender mantle of green grasses and wild flowers, more in harmony with the frail blossom beneath than a stone. The poet possessess likewise the advantage of assuaging his grief by relating, it. His song soothes his soul. Otherwise the brief cloud ing of this man's intellect in 1872 must have ended in permanent lunacy. But the light streaming through the first rift in the cloud ' is wreathed into song — the in comparable song of 'Mooni.' Mooni is the name bf'a stceam, but here rather a symbol of happines's^nd— innocence. The wreck of a man; ^enfpciljled in body and threatened with cxtinoiidri-of mind, sighs for the scenes jjvherc. for 'him everything was bright and -Tilcst and hopeful : ,J*j«t to bo by Mooni's sprirfgi ! elm-re to ttand, the shining sharer -Of 'that Inrger life and rarer Beauty caught from beauty fairor. Than, tho human faec ot thlngx. And so he recalls the days when he stood where Mooni's' water, like a soul with radiant wings, crossed shining tracts of grccri-haircd mosses, and the psalm of the wind and the song of the stream lent a beauty to his verses. But while engaged in the recollec tion of all these beauties of old ways, does this man, so young in years, so old in wretchedness, catch : a 'glimpse of his face in the. glass, noting the sodden countenance, the bleared eyes, the marks of the beast indelibly bitten in on every lineament? for the song suddenly changes : Sin and shame have left their trace I Ho who mccks the mighty, gracious I-ove of Christ, with eyes audacious. Hunting after Ores fallacious, Wears the issue in his face. Soul that flouted gift and giver Like the broken Persian river, Thou bust lost thy strength for ever— Sin and shame have left their trace ! Something infinitely touching and terrible is this periodic arousing from the slough, and soaring on the wings of intelligence until, from the height of the Empyrean, the grand and glorious soul surveyed the foul mire to which it knew it must presently descend and wallow in, and wailed aloud in agony of the in exorable fate. Mythology has its tales of human beings turned into swine. Imagine one soul, who, for rarer punishment, is allowed from time to time to resume his shape and walk with head erect to the stars, and then compelled slowly to re-enter the filthy carcase of- the hog, and there is Kendall's experience over many years. That he could not avert it with all the might of his rare intellect and deep religion— for his nature was essentially religious and his faith in Christ never wavered — proves how little we, free from the curse of heredity or endowed with superior strength of will, know of the temptations which in many cases assail the drunkard. Not all the regard of men, not all the love of women or children, not all the terrors of hell avail in the smallest degree. To blame were as senseless as to curse. As well blame the idiot for his uncleanness, the lunatic for his fantasy. What's done we partly may compute, But know not what's resisted. But Oh ! the pity of it, that so much genius and true nobility should be subject to the spell. No wonder the sad brow of Aus tralia becomes more gloomy at the song of her poet, that the sombre monotone of the everlasting eucalyptus grows more melan choly, and the voice in the wild oak more weirdly dismal paraphrased by one who sinned and suffered to that superlative degree. As ' Mooni ' is the most charming, 'Beyond Kerguelen.' is the most powerful effort of Kendall's Muse. This poem finds a place in Mr. Sladen's Anthology — but must not be hastily condemned on that account. As if in search of a theme whereon he could discharge his soul of all the images of despair and desolation encumbering it, the poet chose the uninhabitable Antarctic Con tinent, that 'great white land, alone with God and Silence in the cold.' And never were more tremendous scenes of Nature's horror and hopelessness depicted in verse verse breathing a strange, a vast, but a musical monotony in striking accord with the subject. Of the five sublime stanzas de voted to the terrible features of this ' ghost of a land by the ghost of a sea,' it is im possible to make selection, so even are they. But Kendall was too true an artist to miss the opportunity given into his hand to make a perfect work— to set off the shadows by throwing in the lights. Turning from the desolate shapes, growths neither of darkness nor light, the sounds and moans of this leper of lands in the cold, he sings of the days wheii, through its internal heat, the earth was tropical from pole to pole, or, more recently, when the process called the. pre cession of the equinoxes, coupled with high eccentricity of the earth's orbit, made an Italy of the glacial continent. Then Grand were the lights of its midsummer noon on it— Morning* of majesty shone on its seas; Glitter of star and tho glory of moon on it Fell in the mar h of the musical breeze. Valleys and hills with the whisper of wing on them Dellspf the daffodil— spaces impearlcd— Flowered and- flashed with the splendor of spring! on . them— ? Back in the morn of this beautiful world. How .comes it that this man, who has not only sung so sweetly and so powerfully of everything he, touched, but has, and he only, inwoven the very spirit of his native land into his song — how comes it he is misunder stood and neglected by his fellow natives ? How, unless he was in advance of his time ? According to the laws of development, man has been built up through all stages ofbeing, passing gradually from the humblest to the highest, from the ascidian through the horse and ape to his present finished supremacy. The same rule would seem to apply to the creation of a nation, and Australians have not advanced beyond the equine stage. They care only for poetry of the horsey kind. Kendall, it is true, sang occasionally of horse-racing, but he sang as a poet. Your average, native understands only the race that is sung as a jockey would sing it. But the day comes when the nation under the Southern Cross will have developed a character of its own — become, instead of a people that is neither European nor some thing else, genuine sons of the soil, initiated into the secrets of the land that gave them birth, in touch with its moods, instinct with its inspirations; Then comes the hour of Kendall's triumph ; then will his poems be read, and understood, and cherished ; then will thesons of the race who neglected him ,in death, as .they despised him in life, turn at last and fore'yer to the pure full notes of the skylark which sang so sweetly in their country's dawn. Upon hearing 'of the death of Kendall I wrote, a sonnet which appeared in the Sydney Bulletin of August 12th, 1882. The recent visitof an Oasian to Sydney enabled me to obtain a copy of this production, which may be appended to the above, if only in order to show hat the paper plagiarises to a small extent on: the poem :— ? , BOXKBT. (In Mcmorlam, Henry Kendall.) \ One little leaf, and gathered all in haste, With cycB averted by the starting tear, I east, 0, Kendall, on thy lonely bier Lonely since not magnificently chased. But yet 'twill como when thou art grandly placed High as thy reach of soul I When all the- mcro Garners of dross, .who boil and bubble here, TV'lth vacant brows presumptuously raised, Are blotted out as they woro nover found ; * ' Then shalt thou get thine own 1 i\m, far withdrawn From the temptations that must ever throng And seek to bear tho gifted to the ground, ' To tho Hereafter thou shalt bo tho uong Of Bkylark uloglng in tby country's drnvu ! 