"IN THE SEANCE ROOM." A GHOST STORY, BY J. GALBRAITII, (A NEW WIUTKIl.) Dr. Valentino Burke sat alone by the fire. He bad finished bis rounds, and no person had disturbed bis post-prandial reflections. The house was. very quiet, for the servants had gone to bed, and only the occasional rattle of a passing cab and the patter of the rain on the window-pane1? broke the silence of the night. The cheer ful glow of the fire and the soft light from the yellow- shaded lamp contrasted pleasant ly with the dreary fog which filled the street outside. There wex*o spirit-decant ers on the tabe, flanked by a siphon and a box of choice cigars. Valentine Burke liked his creature comforts. The world and the flesh held full measure of attraction for him, but he did not cajje about working for his mentis plaisirs. The ordinary routine of his profession bored him. That he might', eventually succeed as a ladies' doctor was tolerably certain. For a young, man with little influence and less money, he was doing remarkably well; but Burke was ambitious, and he had a line of his own. He dabbed in psychics, and had written an article on the future of hypnotism, which had attract ed considerable attention. He was a strong magnetiser and offered no objection to semi private exhibitions of his powers. In many drawing-rooms he was already regarded as the apostle-of the coming revolution which is to substitute disintegration of matter ana cerebral precipitation for the present system of the parcels mail and telegraphic com munication. In that section jof society which interests itself in occultism Burke saw his Way to making a big success. Meanwhile, a man cannot live on adulation alone, the doctor had a living to get, and ho bad no intention whatever of getting it by the labour of his hands. Ho was an astute young man, who knew how to invest his capital to the best advantage. His good looks were his capital, and lie was about to invest them in a wealthy marriage, ibe fates had oertainly been propitious^ when -they brought Miss Elma Lang into the charmed circle of the Society for the Revival of Eastern Mysticism. Miss Lang was an orphan. She had full control of her fortune of thirty thousand pounds, bhe was young, sufficiently pretty, ana extreme ly susceptible. Burke saw his chance, and wont for it, to such good purpose that before a month had passed his,,engagement toi the heiresss was announced, ana tlio wcaamg day within measurable distance. 1 here were several other candidates for Miss Lang's hand, but it soon became evident that the doctor was first, favourite. The gentlemen who devoted themselves to occultism for the most part despised phy sical attractions; their garments were fearfully and wonderfully made. They wore careless as to the arrangement of their hair. Beside them, Valentine Burke, hand some, well set up, and admirably turned out, slio wed to the very greatest advantage. Elma Lang adored him. She was never tired of admiring him. She was lavish of pretty tokens of her regard. Her plioto ' graphs, in costly frames, were scattered about his room, and on his hand glittered the single-stone diamond ring which had been her bethrothal gift. He smiled pleasantly as he watched the fire-light glinting- from the many- coloured facets. " I have been lucky," ho said aloud, ' I pulled that through very neatly. Just in time, too, for my credit would not stand another year. I ought to be' all right now if--." He broke off abruptly, and the smile died away. " If it were not for that other unfortunate affair! What a fool what a d-d fool I was not to let that girl alone, arid what a fool she was to trust me t Why could she not have taken better care of herself?. Why could not the old man have looked after her, ? He made row enough over shutting the stable- door when the horse was gone. It was cleverly managed.though. I think oven ce chcvpapa exonerates me from any participation in her disappearance; and fate seems to be playing into my hand too. The body turn ing up just now is a stroke of luck. I .wonder who the poor devil really is ? " , He felt for his pookot-book, and took out a newspaper outting. . It was headed in. large type, " Mysterious Disappearance of a Young Lady.-Tfie body found yesterday by the police in Muddlesham Harbour is believed to be that of Miss Katherine Groavos, whoso mysterious disappearance in January last oreated so great a sensa tion. It will be remembered that Miss .Greaves, who was a daughter of a well known physician at Templeford, Worcester? , shire, had gone to Muddlesham on a ;visit to her married sister, from whose house' slie suddenly disappeared. Despite the most strenuous efforts on tho part of her distraoted family, backed by the assistance of able detectives, her fate has up to the N present remained enshrouded in mystery. v On the recovery of the body yesterday the Muddlesham police at once communioated with tho relations of Miss Greaves, by whom tho clothing was identified. It 'is now supposed that the unhappy girl threw her self into the harbour during a fit of tem porary insanity, "resulting, it is belioved, from an unfortunate love affftiy." "<v Valentine Burke read the paragraph through carefully, and replaced it in the pooket-book with a cynical smile. "How exquisitely credulous are tho police, and the relatives, and the noble British public. Poor Kitty is practically doad-to the world. What a pity " He hesi tated, and stared into the blazing coals. f« It would savo so much trouble," he went oq after a pause, " and J hate trouble." IJis fingers "were playing absently with a letter from which ho had :takon the slip of printed paper-au untidy letter, blotted and smeared, and hastily writtori on poor, tliiq paper. He looked ^t it onco or twice and tossed it into the firo. The, note-sheet shrivelled and ourled over, dropping on to tbo hearth, wliero it lay smouldering. A hot cinder had'fallen out of the grate, ana the doctor, stretching out his foot, Incited the letter closer to the live coal. Little red sparks crept like glowworms along the scorched edges flickered and died out. The paper would not ignite; it was damp-damp with a woman's tears. " I was a fool, he murmured, with conviction, " It_ was not good enough, and it might have ruined lio." He turned to the spirit-stand and replen ished his glass, measuring the brandy carefully. " I don't know that I am out of the wood yet," he went on, as ho filled up the tumbler with soda water. " The money is running short, and women are so d-.-d inconsiderate. If Kitty were to take it into her head to turn up here it would be. the The sentence remained unfinished, cut short-by a sound from below. Someone had rung the night bell. Burke set down the glass and bent forward listening intently. The ring, timid, almost deprecating, was utterly unlike tho usual imperative summons for medical aid. Fol lowing immediately on his outspoken thoughts, it created an. uncomforlable im pression of coming danger. Ho felt certain that it was not a patient: and if it were not a patient, who was it ? There was a balcony to the window. He stepped quietLC out and leaned over the railing. By the irregular flicker of the street lamp lie could make out the dark figure of a woman on the steps beneath, and through the patter of the falling rain he fancied lie caught the sound of a suppressed sob. With a quick glance, to assure himself that no man was in sight, the'doctor ran downstairs and opened the door. A swirl of rain blew into the lighted hall. The woman was leaning against ^ one of the pillars, apparently unconscious. Burke touched her shoulder. .' What are you doing here ?" lie asked sharply. _ At the sound of his voice she uttered a little cry and made-a sudden step foward, stumb ling over tho threshold and falling heavily against him. "Val, Val," she cried depairingly, " I thought I should never find you. Talco me home, take mo homo. I am so tired-and, oh, so frightened !" The last word died away in a wailing sob, then her hands relaxed their clinging ' hold and dropped nervelessly at licr side. In an emergency Dr. Burke acted promptly. He shut tho outer door, and gathering up the fainting girl in his arms, carried her into the consulting room, and laid her on the sofa. There was no touch of tenderness in his handling of the uncon scious form. Ho had never cared much about her, when at her best, dainty in figure and fair of face; ho had made love to her, ]>oiir.passer le temps, in the dullness of a small country town. She had met him more than half way, and almost before his caprice was gratified he was weary of her. Her very devotion nauseated liim. He looked at her now with a shudder of repul sion.' Tho gaslight flared coldly on the white face, drawn by pain and misery. All its pretty youtbfulness had vanished. The short hair, uncurled by tho damp night air straggled over the thin forehead. There wero linos about tho closed-oyos and tho drooping corners of tho mouth. The. skin was strninod tightly over tho cheek-bones and looked yellow, like discoloured wax. His eyes noted every defect of face and, figure, as ho stood wondering what ho should do with hor. He know, no one better, how quickly tho broatli of scaindal can injuro a professional man. Once-let the real story of his relations with Katharine Greaves got wind and his career would bo practically ruined.' IIo began to realize the gravity of the situation. Two futures lay before him. Tho one, bright with tho sun shine of lovo and prosperity;.-tho othor, darkened by poverty and disgrace. Ho pictured himself tho husband of Elma Lanfr, with all tlio advantages accruing to the pos sessor of a charming wife and a large for tune, and lie cursed fate which sent this wreck of womanhood to stand between him and happiness. By this timo she had parti ally recovered, and her eyes opened with the painful upward roll common to nervous patients when regaining consciousness, with her dishevelled hair and rain-soaked garments, she had all the appearance of a Jeadbody. The Bight, horrible as it was, fascinated Bourke. Ho turned up tho gas, twisting the chandelier so as to throw a full light on tho girl's face. " She looks as though she were drowned," lie thought. " When she is really dead Bhe will look like that." The idea took posses sion of his mind. , " It ,slio were dead, if only she wero really dead !'.' - Who can trust tho discretion of. a wronged and forsaken woman, but-the dead toll no tales. If only sho wore dead 1, Tho words ropoated thomsolvos again and again, boating into1 his brain liko tho hoavy stroke of a hammer. Why should slip r»ot die? Her life was oyer,, a spoiled, ruined tliingi There was nothing' before her but shame and^misery.;"' She , would be better dead. Why. (he laughed suddenly- a- hard, mirthless laugliV she was dead '-"already, Her- body liiid beon- found by the police, identified by her own relations. She was .supposed^to be dvowned, why not make tho. supposition a, reality ? A curious light flashed into the doctor's handsome face. A woman peeing him at that moment would have hesitated before trusting hor life in his. haiids. ' He looked at his unwelcome visitor with an'ovil smile. . . She had corno round now and was crouched' in tho 'oorner of the sofa sobbing and shivoring,. . '' Don't bo angry with me, Val, please don't bo angry. I waited till I had only just enough money for my ticket and I dare not stay there any longer. It is so lonely, and you never come to see me now. It is ten weeks since you were down, and you won't answer my letters.' I ^vas so frightoned all alone. I began to think you wero getitng of mo, Of courso I know it is all -nonsense. You love me as much sa you ever did. It is only that you are so: busy and hate writing letters," She paused, waiting for some reassunng'words, but lio- did not unswor, only watched her witj} cold, steady oyos, '' Did you ooe tho papers," she went'on, with qhfttterii^ tooth. 11 They think I I dead.' Ever Binco I read-it I have had sacli dreadful thoughts. I keep soeing myself I drowned; I believe I am going to die, Val -and I don't want to die. I am so-so frightened. I thought you would take mo in your arms and comfort me like you used to do, and I should feol safe.' ,Oli, why don't you speak tome? Why do you look at me like that? Val, dear, don't do it, don't do it, I cannot bear it." i Rer great terrified eyes were fixed, on his, fascinated by his steady, unflinching gaze.; ' Sbo was trembling violently. Her words; came with difficulty, in short gasps. : " You have never said you were glad to see mo. It is true then, that you don't love mo anymore. You are tired of me, and you will not marry me now. What shall I do? what shall.I do ? No ono'cares for me, no one wants me, and there is nothing loft for me but to die." Still no answer. There was a long silence while their eyes mot in that fixed stare-his cold, steady, dominating, hers flinching and striving vainly to withstand the power ot the stronger will. In a few moments the unequal struggle' bad-ended. The girl sat stift and erect, lier hand I grasping the arm of the sofa. The (ligh t of consciousness had died o^t of tlio blitG" eyes leaving them fixed and glassy. Burlte cros sed the floor and stood in front of her. " Where is your luggage?" he asked authoritatively." . She answered in a dull, mechanical way, " at the station." _ . . " Have you kept anything marked with your own name-any of my letters ?" " No, nothing-there." " You have kept some of my letters. Whore are they ?'' " Here." Her hand sought vaguely for her pocket. " Give them to me:-all of them." Mechanically she obeyed, holding : out three envelopes, after separating them care* fully from her purse and handkerchief; " Give me the other things." He opened i the purse. .Besides a few shillings, it con | tai*ned only a visiting-card on which an address had been -writteru in pencil. The doctor' tore the card across and tossed it in-' | to the fire-place. Then his eyes fastened on those of the girl before him. Very slowly he bent forward and whispered a few words j in her ear, repeating them again and again. The abject terror visible in her face would have touched any heart but that of tlio roan ] in whose path she stood. No living ioul, save the " sensitive" on whom ho >as experimenting, heard those words, but they were registered by a higher power than that of the criminal court, damning evidence to be produced one day against tlip man who bad prostituted his spiritual gift to mean and selfish ends. In the grey light of a chilly November -morning a park-keeper, near the Regent's Canal, was startled by a sudden piercing | shriek. Hurrying in the direction of the sound, he saw through the leafless branches a figiire struggling in the black water. The j park-keeper was a plucky fellow whose cour age had gained more than one recognition from the Humane Society and he' began to run towards the spot where the dark fo^'ti. had boen, butbefore ho had covered ten yards of.ground rapid footsteps- gained on his and I a man shot past liim " Some one in the | canal," he shouted as ho ran. "-Irthink it ia a woman. You had better got help," " Ho was a good plucked one," the park kooper averred, when a few days later lie retailed his story to a select circle of friends j at the bar of the " Regent's Arms," where I the inquest had been held. " Not that I'd have been behindhand, but my wind qin'fc | what it, was, and he,might have been shot , out of a catapult. He was off with his coat and into the water before you could say Jack Robinson, Twice I thought lie had her i safo enough, and twice she pulled liim under j the third time blest if. I thought they, were coming up any more at all. , Then the doc tor chap, lie comes to the sui face dead-beat but the girl in his arms. , . I'm afraid she's gone," lio says when I took her from liim* .' but we won't lose time and he set to and carried out all instruction for recovering , the apparently drowned \vliilo I. went for some brandy. It wasn't a bit of .use. The young wotrian were as dead as a. "door nail., ' If she'd only have kept quiet, I might have saved her;' he says qiiite sorrowful, like,' ' but;she struggled so,' and sure liis hands were tegiilarly torn!bruised where.she gripped him," Dr. Burke and the park-keeper were,the chief .witnesses at the inquest.. There were no recaps of identifying the dead womau. i The jury,returned, a verdict oifelo tic se, and the'oorpner .complimented the doctor, on his courageous attemptto^resoue the poor I outcast. - ' ., > Tho newspapers, top,, gavo: him a nice little . paragraph, headed' Detfermined Suicide in Rogent's Park.Gallant conduct of a well-known pliysioian " ; and Elma Lang's dark eyes filled with fond and happy tears as she read her iloyer's praises. ; "You^arei: so; brave, yal^spj good," she 6i,iedi'r",and I am so pro.ttd of,you; but, you ran a horrible risk," "' ... " YeB," he answered, gravely, " I tbouglit once it was. all up with me/>That pb'br girl, nearly succeeded in drowning the pair of us. Still, there wasn't much in it, you" know ; any other follow-would lmve done the'samtj." . ?, '?-t;'; '' \ ?' '. No," they would not.. It is no use trying to pretend you are not a horo, Val, booause you are. How awful it* must have been when eho clung to you so desperately. It might have cost you your life.", ;. " It cost me my ring,", he repliod, rue--; fully. ^ It id" lying at the botton of the canal at this moment, unless some adven turous fish has swallowed it-your first gift." - . ? " What doeq it mattor," she answered; impulaiyely, 'f I can give you - another to-morrow. ' What does anything matte? since you aro safe ?" Burke took her in his arms and kissed the pretty upturned face, .She was his now, bought, witjivt^ej-pnoe of another woman's life, * Bah li' lip/wanted' to foiget the clutch of those stiffening fingers and the glassed awful stare of the dead ovcu through tho water, . " Let via cU'op tho subjoct," he Buid ^gently. V lt isnot a pleasant one, and, as you say, nothing matters since I,am safe " -lie added under bis breath; " quite safe now." * - # # # Tbo carriage stood at the door. In the drawing-room Mrs, Burke was waiting for | her husband. She bad often waited for the doctor during the four years which had elapsed since their marriage. Those four years had seen to a great extent the fulfil ment of Burlce's ambitiori. He'had money. He was popular* sought after, an acknow ledged leader of the new school of Philo sophy, atf authority on psyebio phenomena, and the"idol7 of the"«'smart woman who played with the fashionable theories and talked glibly on subjects the very A B C of which was far beyond their feeble compre hension. Socially, Dr. Burke was , an immense success. If. as a husband, he fell short of Elma's expectations, she never admitted the fact. Sho was an admirable wife, interesting herself in his studies, and assisting him materially in his literary work. Outwardly they wore a devoted couple. The world knew nothing of the indefinable barrier which held husband and wife .apart; of a certain vaguo distrust which had crept into the woman's heart, bred of an. instinctive feeling that her husband was not what he seemed to be. Something, she knew not what, lay between them ' Her quick perceptions told her that she was always acting a part. - She held in her hand a little Bhoaf of papers, notes that she had prepared for him on the seiies of seances, which for a month past had been the talk of the town. A medium of extra ordinary power, had Hashed like a meteor into the firmation of London society. Phenomena of the most startling kind had baffled alike the explanations of both scientist and occultist. Spiritualism was triumphant. A test committee had been formed, of which Dr. Burke' was unani mously - elected president, bin so far the attempts to expose the alleged frauds had not been attended with any success. It was to Mdme. Delphine's house that the Burkes were going to-night. The seance commenced it ten, and the hands of the clock already pointed to a quarter to that hour, when the doctor hurried into the room. , - I y !: ' ? " Beady ? " he said. " Gome along, then. Where are the notes?" . '' [Concluded in our'next."] - 