WAS IT A GHOiT THEY SAW 7 Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at No. 811, Main.®'--..*- ?»»'* Parrot boards with ber. Ibe bouse is an old one; but iu gc.od otAst. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked ull the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul iu the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlor. At about half-past eleven tbey returned, and entered tbe house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlor the merry bumor died out of them in stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of bis face was concealed by a mask, bie eyes gleaming through the eye holes in a. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one band be carried a long, old fashioned pUtol. Toe women fled screaming 1 from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the patlor and all the dooia and windows bccurely locked. What was it the women 'Duriug a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, ' 1 had slept badly for several successive nights. On the was suddenly aroused from a dsze by what itemed like the calling cf mi/ nam* i and at the foot ot the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as ehc was leaving borne to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I waB foolish enough to tell of it, aud the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, sad am in peifect health now. I believe that vision came of my wtak nerves, for I've never Been it since, and it's more tban three years ago now.' No doubt it wbb the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when youT system is ont of con dition. In March, 1890 it was, that Mrs Jane Fester, of Darracolt Bosd, Pokcsiown, Haute, wrote us as foliowa M I wat so dreadfully nervout I conld not bear anyone in tbe room with me, yet 1 did not wish them far away in case 1 abould call ont for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, aui in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, asd I was sick most of the time* My skis wsb dry and yellow, and the stomach aud bowels felt cold and deed. By- and-by 1 bad to lie helpless in bed. Tbe doctor I took nothing bot liquid food, and could not retain even tbat on my stomach. By ibis time I was nolhiog but skin aud bone. My mtviarti completely failed. My head ached bo drLaofully 1 thought 1 should lose my senBee, aud my friends agreed that 1 would never get better. ' I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs Weac, of Bournemouth, called and asked what 1 was taking. 6he told me she was herself once jaet as badly off, aud was cured by Motbt-r 8-igi»l's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, 1 tried it, and in three days 1 was able to walk across the room, and by the end of thu w«ck I went downbtairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me.' The milady Mrs FoBte.' suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and buock at tne violent oeatn ox ner husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to tbe digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing mors or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person Who sees them, and when Mother Betgel's 6-rup does its work the eyvs and ears entertain only what is natural aud wholesome. , Tbe canal of Langnedoo, connecting tha Atlantic and Mediterranean Sea, is 148 I miles long, has 100 locks and 60 aqueducts, 1 Its highest part is 160ft above sea level. ' The oak chair which was carved by the Princess ot WaleB, and was one of tbe exhibits at the World's Fair, is said to have been withdrawn ou account of the inade quate protection afforded by tbe authorities l gainst tropby-hunters, Numerous frag ments have been out or chipped off, and the chair was in danger ot blooming a tgtal wreckt 