A MURDER REVEALED BY A GHOST. fOR some time aftor the Jacobite ii»iii^ of 1745 had been suppressed Ih' the crushing defeat of the Highland Clans at Culloden, the whole of tho North of Scotland was in a disturbed state, vid it was neces sary te keeji a large forct of troops there in order to flump out tho last sparks of rebellion. Among the rogiments to which this stern duty was entrusted was one com manded and, to a large oxtent, raised by 1 Llsutenant-Ueneral Guise, which was j generally known as Guiso's Rogimont. It was quartered in the wild and remoto High Und dlstriob of Braemar, at tlio South western corner of Aberdeenshire. The sympathies of tho Highlanders of that ] portion of the oountry were warmly Jacobite, and the sight of the English soldiers was j hateful to tho great bulk of the population, ; who cherished fierce feelings of vengeance , against the ' butchers of Culloden.' Time, . however, to some degree, modified these hostile sentiments, and the Highlanders ! became used to the prosence of tlieco red- j coats, when they found them, after all, not . to be such monsters of cruelty as they had ? at one time imagined, and out of whom, ii , civilly treated, they discovered there was . money to be mado. Now in Guise's Regi ment there was a certain Sergeant Arthur ; Davies, who was very popular among his ' comrades. He was superior in birth and , education'to the ordinary run of non-com- i missioned officers, and was, besides, remark- ; able for his great stature, his immense [ physical strength, and his handsome personal appearance. He had been very i active in obtaining recruits for the regiment, i and in consequence received a higher amount ' of pay and enjoyed a better position than) others nominally of SMe same rank. A frank, ! manly, fearless English soldier, he had - Ingratiated himself even among the dour j and sullen Highlanders, nnd was regarded ; by them with less animosity, probably, than ' any other soldier in the regiment. Tho sergeant wag an enthusiastic sportsman, and 1 -0 little did he fear any treachery on the j part of the mountaineers that he frequently j 'let out on shooting excursions over the wild moors alono or attended by n single gilly. On the morning of the 28Lh of September, 1749, Sergeant Davios started oil' alone with his fowling- piece to shuot over a moor not very far distant from Braeinar. When night fell lie did not return to his quarters, aud the whole of the next day passed with out any tidings being heard of him. On the third day after his mysterious disappearance, a search purty was' sent out to Boour tho district for the missing sergeant, but they were unable to find the slightest traco of him. A week passed, a month, and still no si-jn of the lost sorgeant of Guise's. By this time there was 110 doubt in the minds of any of his comrades that Davies had met with foul play, and the General himself swora that he would leave no stono unturned to discover the murderers of the best non commissioned ofiicor he had in his regiment. But neither threats nor rewards brought any clue to the sergeant's disappearance, and his fate remained wrapped in mystery, though there could be little doubt that more than one person must have been concerned in the murder, for it was not likely that any single Highlander would venture to attack so powerful and resolute a man as the ser geant, whose athletic prowess was well known over the district. Five years passed, the mysterious disap pearance of Sergeant Davies had never been accounted for, and even his comrades had ceased to speoulato upon it. Nor would the problem probably have ever been solved but for one man who had sworn never to cease his inquiries and investigations until the murderers of Sergeant Davios were brought to justice. This man wus James Small, formerly an ensign in the Earl of Loudoun's Regiment, and now factor or steward of tho estate of Strowan, which had been forfeited to the Crown through the attainder of its laird as a rebel. Mr. James Small had knowu Sergeant Davios well ; thy had fought at Culloden together, nnd haa subsequently met often whilst Guise's Regiment was quartered in Braemar. The new factor of Strowan was « determined and a somewhat consequential man. He thought it was a slur upon the Government which' he served that it should be unable to discover and bring to justice the murdererB of an officer of Hor Majesty's army, and he deemed it incumbent upon himself to remove that slur. With patient, dogged perseverance, and the keen instinct of a born detective, he set himself to tho task of 'discovering the perpetrators of the crime, and at last he succeeded. Bit by bit he joined togethor stray jiiuces of cvidenoo until be had a case sufficiently strong enough to justify him in procuring trie arrest of two Highlanders, Dunoan Terig alia .1 Clerk, and Alexander Baiu Macdonald. The fowling piece belonging to the murdered man had been found iu the house of one of thom, and trinkets and valuables known to have beon the property of Sergeant Davies had been ??en in the possession of both men. But thore was a still stronger und more damning proof of the guilt ol these two persons, whioh among those wiio were superstitious, as mOBt Highlanders were in those days, carried overwhelming weight, und it was the strange story attaoned to this which invested the case with extraordinary interest when it came on for trial before the High Court of Justiciary in Edinburgh. The prisonore, Duncan Terig and Alex ander Bain Macdonald, wero arraigned before the Lords of Session at seven o'clock on the morning of June 11, 1704. Then there was made public the strango stoiy of the manner in which tho crime and its per petrator# had beon discovered. Alexander Macphorson, of Inverey, a farm-servant, aged 26, deposed that one night in the summer of 1 7C0. whilst in bed iu a shealing (the long tuif-thalched out-house In which Highland farm-sonants slept, in beds arranged along the wall), sevoral others being at the same in the said shealing, tlieie entered a man dressed ju blue, whom he look to be the brother of a neighbour, Dor, aid Fnmnhar.-on, of Glondwij who came to hie bedside and beckoned' to him to come out. Macpherson rose and followed tho figure outside the door, where upon the person turned and said, '/am. Sergeant Davict ' ; then, pointing to u moss or tract of swampy moorland, known u$ Christie's Hill, added, ' You will find my bonos there, go and bury thom at oride, for I can have no peace, uor will I give you any until my bones aro buried ; and you may get Donald Farquharson to help you.' Having spoko these words very solemnly' und earnestly, tlio apparition vanished. Early the next morning Macpherson wont alono to this spot Indioatod by tho wraith, and so oxact had been tho instructions Sivon by the mysterious visitant, tbat efore lie had searched five minutes he came upon a human body embedded in the moss. Moat of the flesh was gone, but tho coat of blue cloth which Imd been worn by the dead man was pretty nearly ont/re. By using his itaff as probe and lever, Macpherson drew out the body, and laid it 011 the upper soil, but did not attempt to bury it. A few nights later the apparition again | visited Macpherson when he was in bed in - the shealing, and reproached htm for not ' having carried out its instructions for j burial, urging him at the samo timo to lose ; no time in committing the remains to the i ?urth. Then Maopheraon plucked up :ourage to ask, ' Who murdered you t' to which the apparition replied okwrly, ?' Duncan Clerk and Alexander Macdonald,' Mien vanished an suddenly and abruptly an : before. j Oa tho (altouUig fa# .-«ut | tn I'onnlil Parauhurson, told him tho story, I ;i'd [leiuuaded him to come and assist tn ! ?jury the budy of the murdered man in dry I .'round. Farquharson, never doubting tli'v ' iiith of tho story, wont with Macpherson to Clirlatle'a Hill, carricd the body away, | dun » grave In dry ground, and thero in liie t)u*ine-«, Far^irtiargon pwnre pot* - lively, ami emphatically expreve»l his belief that Mauphertfon had told nim nothing but tho truth. Thu only other persou te whom Macpherson confided the otory wan John Growar, of T)ulhownie, who deposed that Macpherson, under strict promise of secrecy, told him, a few days after the apparition had appeared for the accond time, how ho, in obedience to its command*, had, , with the assistance of Donald Farquharson, buried the body. But there was still stronger corroboration of Maophereon'e strange story in the evi« tlenco given by Isabel Maohurdie, of*Inverey» aged 40, who depoeod that on the night ou which Macpherson declared that he saw the apparition for the second time, she, sloeping at the other end of the shealing, in the portion set apart for the women, most dictinet-ly saw 41 Something naked come in at the door and ifo straight to Macpher son's bed, which frightened her so much : that she drew the olothea ovor her head ; that when it appeared it came in a bowing posture, but she cannot tell what it was ; ' that next morning sho asked Maopherson what it was that had troubled them the night before, and that he answerod she 1 might be easy, for it would trouble them no more.' Now the counsol for the prisoners was one of the nio5-t eminent advocates in Scotland, Alexander Lockhart, who was making then by far the largest professional income ever up to that time known North of the Tweed — considerably upwardsof a thousand pounds ft year, which may bo set out ah equivalent to about three thousand a-year in the present day. Lockhart whb a notorious Jacobitc, and had gained for himself much celebrity by defending the prisoners captured after the rising of '-15. As in duty bound, he threw ridicule upon this story of the ghost, and he made his great point when (n cross-examination of Maopherson, who could speak nothing but Gaelic, and whose evidonce had to belnterpieted to the Court, he said to the witness, 11 Whatlanguage did the ghost speak in?' To whioh Macpherson promptly replied, 'As good Gaelic as ever I heard in Lochaber.' 'Pretty good for the ghost of an English Mty/eeint' said Lockhart, and there was general laughter in Court. Thor was othor evidence connecting the prisoner with the crime, the possession of the murdered man's fowling-piece and trinkets, and some auspicious circumstances which would have tola heavily against the accused had not Lockhart laughed the case out of Court by the ridicule he threw upon the story of the English ghost that spoke 'a b good Gaelic as ever was heard in Looh aber.' He declared that the whole case was trumped up by Mr. James Small, who had carefully instructed the witnesses for the prosecution what to say, and had endeavoured to intimidate witnesses for the defence from giving evidonce. In tho end, after sitting continuously from seveu o'clock on the morning of June 11, to six o'clock in the evening of Juno 12, the jury returned a verdict of 'Not Guilty.' The next day, as Mr. Lockhart was pro- ' cetding across the Parliament Close to the Courts, he was assaulted by Mr. Jamen Small, who endeavoured to provoke him to a duel. But Lockhart, who was a bully aud a coward, appealed for protection to tho Lords of Session, who had Small arrested and brought before them, but discharged ; him after he had made an ample apology and entered into sureties of £50 to keep tne peace for a twelve month. But though the ghost story was so successfully laughed out of Court, its truth was not really approved. And a careful examination of all the evidence adduoed at the trial leads us to wonder that tho jury should have allowed themselves to overlook the very remarkable character of Macpher- : ton's evidence. Sir Walter Scott, in com- ; menting on tho case, suggested that as giving information was unpopular in tho : lfighiundtf, aud espeoially when the accused ' were Jacobitcs, Macpherson trumped up the ! ghost-story, knowing well that his super stitious countrymen would pardon his com- | municutiug the commission entrusted to him ; by a being from tho other world. But the ; facts, as set forth in the report of the trial, 1 do not support that theory. In tho first j place, Macpnorson's story was corroborated i by Isabol Machardie, who distinctly swore ! that she saw an apparition in the ?' ' -c, ; exactly similar to that described by Mac- j pherfon ns having appeared to him at tho j very ?ame time and place. It was not , shown that there was any collusion between | the man and the woman ; nor were their ? statements in any way shaken by cross- ! examination. Then Donald Farquharson'.* i evidence as to his assisting Macpherson to ! bury the body was not disputed, and the | question arises how could Maopherson have [ known where the body was, or by whom 1 tho dead man ft&d; been murdered, unless he | hud himself beon one of the murderers or had : seen the deed done? Yet neither of these j hypotheses was suggested, nor was any I attempt mude to snow how Macpherson j could nave known who the murderer way, j and where the body was ooncc-alod, other- j wise than by tho supornatisrn! mode he j described. Thou again, Macpheison and | Farquharson hud clearly no malioe again*.* : Terig and Macdonald, for three year* ' elapsed without their saying a word to any j one about tho discovery of tho body, and : thej» would probably never havo divulged | the secret but for the active interference of j Mr. Jaiues Small. Lastly, thero was Lock hart's sneer abont the ghost of an Etiffliih j sergeant speaking good Uuelic. IJut grant- 1 ing tho apparition, what wav there absurd! about its speaking Gaelio? For aught we I know to the contrary, in the spirit world all j laoguauotf are alike familiar to its inhubi- i taut?, and, indeed, it would be preposterous j to suppose that ghosts are confined to the i touguo which they spoke when in the fieeh. I The tiling that was extraordinary w$s the j apparition, not the language in which it j spoke. Lockhart would probably, what- i over his own scepticism may ho.ve been, | havo hardly dared to cteny, in that super* I stitious age and country, the possibility of one from the utiaeeii world 44 revisiting the j glimpses of the moon,' aud but for his smart | and plausible ridiculo of the Gaelic in the ] mouth of nu English sergeant he might have j found it diftU'ult to persuade even an Edin burgh jury that Macphorbon w^snpt tejling tho truth when he swore to his interview with the ghost of Ser^roaht Iiuvies. That tho man thoroughly beliovvd that he had seen and talked with the spirit or'wrai'h of the dead soldier we do not for a moment doubt. Whether he actually did see and hear what he thought he saw and heard, or whether there are /uch thjjig's.as ghq.«t*, these ire questions which we Ieavo to the Psvch'olpgioul jjjbcicity tb anawor. Wo would point out, however, one odd circumstance., thai' wHorea's^ln the former o'is'e of super natural ovUlefr'tfe. whiohVjve.ga've tho prisoner, John Walker, of Cbestsr-le'Streft, was hanged on t-ho,9$de,i)oe of a ghost, which ?revealed the 'orfoiu? to a 'neighbour, in the i»n;$cnt'c»\se tho two prisoners 'were acquitted mainly because of tne alleged ghosfly reve lation. Tho reat of the evidence against : hem was discredited, heoause of. the rldi '?ule thrown upon the witnesses, who fnvdtp i fhattholr information came through » ghost. ! Yet yeare afterwards, when both Duncan I'orig and Alexander Macdonald had gonr to join Sergeant Davies, their solicitor admitted that both ho and Lockhart were I'imly convinoed of their guilt, and saw thut (heir only chance of obtaining an acquittal was by throwing ridicule— fts strong an it could be made — upon tho story of the Ser geant's ghost. — Liunted V\ e^uo/fen)' Qaxtttt. 