" How Shall We Decide This \- - Question P" Now, which is the worn— to have nc appetite for your dinner, or to have m disnyr for your appetite t There are lots of pooplo on tho ono sido or the other of this qncstiou. When " good dljjostion waits on appotito aud health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blOBsed in that way ; wo either havo too muoh food without an appotito, or a vigorous appotito withoutonough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this quostion differently, yet tho common senso of it is thnt, within reasonable limits, it is hotter to havo an appotito without a dinner, because, short of the starvation lino, a hungry man is a healthy vwiin ; whereas a man who ought to cat and doesn't foel like eating, stands in need of "aiierutiuiitf and impairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in whioh tho writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did ho fauoy lus food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him olear tho mystery himself. He says, "In tho year 1889 I changed my work from railway portor to signalman. I hud boon signalman twolvo mouths, and thon all at onoo, so to speak, I did not feel roysolf. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary artiolos of diet seemed to lose their ilavonr ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to liavo nothing to say to them. Ono thing was like another, and nono was good. My tonguo was coated, and furred, with a dark lino down tho middle and yellow fur round it. My broath was oil'ensivo and my appetite poor, with pains through the ehest and shouldora, which were always right before I had oaten anything. Thon I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a hall in my throat, and act as if ft would ohoke mo." Wo cannot wondor that under thoso circum stances our friend foiled to do justioo to his meals. He adds that thero was whathe calls " a pnokmg sensation " at his hoort, as though itwero touched with somo sharp instrument. Then, again, at times ho was attacked with Bpasms, tho agony of which was so sovoro that tho sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," ho says, "tho thought of eating, and many a ecanty meal have I made, for 1 was afraid to eat. " After a time I got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserablo, as if some thing was going to liappon, and this caused me to loso a good deal of sloop." What ho means by tho foar of "something going to happen" is, of course, tho foar of some calamity, suoh as tho loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear ' to him. This was duo, as ho intimates, to tho impoverished state of his blood (tholifo bearer), his lumtrung nerves, and to tho brain onfoobled by laok of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, tho oreaturos of a restless and un- govorned imagination. ' With great difficulty, " he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on mo. So I struggled on, but what T suffered for ovor two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one hae suffered eo muoh ae I have done." . In tho latter statoment he is undoubtedly ' wrong. One's own puin is ono's own, and is alwayB harder to hoar than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the wliilo going through tho same wretohed experionoe, only we don't > happen to oomo in touoh with them. Woll, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him whore it found him he ohanoed to read in a book of a \- oaso exactly like hie own having been oured by Mother Soigol's Syrup. " My wife," ho says, "got mo a bottle at Mr. Langstoff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents tho ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like tho wholo world to know what it -did for mo. I hayo 'been employed ' by tho Hfdland Bail way (Signed) " George Hunt, Oar Bottom road. " ' "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." ' 'We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desiro, in <Kkr that part of the world at least may know . . borrtiiankf ul he is and for what reason. ' "Papa,"- inquired tho editor's "onljr son, " what do vou call your office ?" . "Well," '-/'V "Then, I guess," ;and the 'small hoy was thoughtful for a moment,, "that mamma's Xfloe is a Bgankfoy s,g«iiktoraqt' isn't it P." 