REFLECTIONS. A Series or Concise Ideas of Interest-to Those Who Think. We have just been handed a quaint volume published in its sixteenth edition in 1823, whioh oontuins a great number of epigrammatio sayiijgs well worthy of reproduction. A few are given below ! An upright minister asks what recommends a man ; a corrupt minister who. Men will wrangle for religion ; write for it ; fight for it ; die for it ; anything but — live forjit. Times of general calamity and confusion, have ever been productive of the greatest minds. The pnrest ore is produced from the hottest furnace, and the brightest thuuder-bolt is edicited from the darkest storm. ..., The true motives of our aotions, like the real pipes of an organ, are usually concealed. But the gilded and the hollow pretext ia pompously plaoed in the front for show. Bigotry murders religion to frighten foolB with her ghost. Always suspect a man who affeots great softness of manner, an unruffled evenness of temper and an enunciation studied, slow and deliberate. These things are all unnatural and bespeak a degree of mental discipline into which he that has no purposes of craft or design to answer cannot submit to drill himself. The most success ful knaves are usually of this description, as smooth as razors dippsd in oil and as sharp. They affect the innocence of the dove, whioh they have not, in order to hide the eunning of the serpent, which they have. God will excuse our prayers for ourselves whenever we are preventod from offering them by being oconpied in suoh good works as to entitle ns to the prayers of others. The greatest friend of truth is true. " When you have nothing to say, say nothing ; a weak defence strengthens your appointment, and silence ia less injurious than a had reply. The only kind ofllco performed for us by our friends, of which we never complain, is our faneral ; and the only thing whioh wo are sure to want, happens to be the only thing whioh wo never purohaee — our ooffln ! ; The gambler, if he die a martyr to his profession, is doubly ruined. He adds his soul to every other loss, and by the act of suicide renounces earth to forfeit heaven. The hate which we all bear with the most Christian patience is the hate of those who. envy as. Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. . , Deliberate with oaution, but apt with deoision ; and yield with graciousness, , and .'oppose -with firmness. ,Y ,y Of all the marvellous works, of the '.Deity perhaps there is nothing that angels behold with such supreme astonishment as' a proud man. Many who find the day too long'think life too short; bnt, short as life is, some find it .long enough to outlive their charaotersi thoir con stitutions and their estates. - A necessitous man who gives costly -dinners pays large sums to be laughed at. Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer. ; Gaming is the child of avarioe but the parent of prodiga'ity. In an attempt to deceive the world those are most likely to deteot us who are sailing on the same rook. We are ruined, not' by what we really want, but by what we thick we do ; therefore, never go abroad in Bearch of your wants ; if they be real wants they will come home in search of you; for ho that buys what he does not want will soon want he cannot bay Our wealth is often a snare to ourselves, and always a temptation to others. To know the pains of power we must go to- those who have it ; to know its pleasure we must go to those who are seeking it. The pains of power are real, its pleasures imaginary. There are three kinds of praise, that which we yield, that whioh we lend and that whioh we pay. We yield it to the powerful from fear, wo lend it f ft f.V) A WAfllr fftPfn infavaalinrr an/1 ma nam If fn flin deserving from gratitude. "& — "" V J »»"» >"« — Toronto Empire. 