SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. ANNUAL MEETINGS. A resumption was made at the Flinders street Lecture Hall on Tuesday morning with the South Australian Baptist Association meetings. The President (Mr. J. Viner Smithi occupied the chair, there being a large attend ance of delegates and others. The Rev. J. H. Sexton waa appointed to act as Minute Secre tary. WELCOMES. After the roll of delegates had been called a fraternal welcome was extended to the Rev. W. T. Whitley, M.A., L.L.M., Principal of the Baptist College, Victoria, and the Rev. F. E. Harry, of Sydney, the intercolonial dele gates, the Rev. A. Hyde, late of Hamilton, Victoria, who has taken the pastorate of the Goodwood Church, and the Rev. W. R. Hid dlestone, formerly of Hindmarsh, but now of New South Wales. SECRETARY'S REPORT. The General Secretary (Rev. R. Wool cock) lead the annual report of the committee for the year 1892-3, the thirtieth in the history of the Association. It included the following statements :—' Fourteen committee meetings have been held during the year, with an average attendance of eighteen. Finding that the business was increasing, in the early part of the year the committee resolved to meet regularly every month. Early in May last the Rev. W. E. Rice (General Secretary) went with his family on a visit to England, the Tynte-street Church having granted him a holiday. His valuable services as General Secretary were therefore lost to the Associa tion for the remainder of the year. When the Treasurer presented hia balance-sheet to the last annual meeting there was a debt of £112 18s. 6d. There is to-day a substantial credit balance. How has it come about that during this year of most exceptional monetary diffi culties the unprecedented amount of about £l,000 has been raised for this fund? In the last annual report the com mittee urged the Churches to adopt some systematic method of collecting regular subscriptions of small amounts, and remarked that ' if all our members gave one penny each per week to the Association funds that would yield £848 per annum.' Feeling that the demands upon the funds of the Asso ciation could not be fairly met without the minimum annual amount of £1,000, a resolution was passed at the last annual meeting recom mending that earnest efforts be made to raise that sum by means of contributions of one penny a week and upwards from each member of our Churches, as well as by larger contri butions. This effort was greatly encouraged by the liberal offer of several friends to give substantial donations upon the condition of the £1,000 being raised by the end of the Asso ciation year. The committee felt it incumbent upon them to do what they could to bring about so desirable a result. A Finance Sub committee was appointed to give special attention to this matter, consisting of the Rev. S. Mead, Treasurer; Mr. James Gray, Finance Secretary ; and Messrs. N. J. Hone and G. H. Cargeeg. The success of the undertaking is largely due to their assiduous efforts. Grants has been made to the following Churches:— Beryl-street, Broken Hill, South and West Broken Hill, Southwark, Petersburg, Goodwood, Hind marsh, Stockport Circuit, Mount Barker, Clare, Mannum, Mount Gambier, and Knights bridge. The Rev. T. Dowdmg continues to be the agent of the Association in the Port Pirie Circuit. An unusually large number of ministerial changes have taken place during this yea. In the early part of the year the Rev. A. Metters resigned the charge of the Jamestown, Georgetown, and Clover Hill Churches. Mr. Metters has since accepted the pastorate of the Church at Kapunda. The Rev. E. Vaughan resigned his charge of the Mannum Church, and settled at Sheffield, in Tasmania, feeling it to be his duty to seek a change of climate for Mrs. Vaughan, who had passed through a severe afflic tion. The Rev. J. Robertson has resigned his charge at Mount Gambier and accepted that of Mannum. The Rev. John Paynter, after labouring for five years at Morphett Vale, and latterly at Aldinga in conjunction with Morphett Vale, accepted a cordial invitation from Mount Gambier. The Rev. J. Sexton has resigned his charge of Gumeracha and Kenton Valley Churches, and has accepted that of Morphett Vale and Aldinga. The Gumeracha and Kenton Valley Churches have secured the services of the Rev. E. J. Henderson, who has resigned the pas torate of the Goodwood Church. The services of the Rev. A. E. Green have been lost to the denomination, he having resigned the pastorate of the Semaphore Church and entered the ranks of the Episcopalians. The members of the Semaphore Church have induced the Rev. VV. Bell, M.A., to become their pastor. The vacancy thus caused in the pastorate of the Gawler Church has been filled by the Rev. D. Davis, of Orroroo. The Rev. E. Bungey, the first pastor of the Clare Church, after spend ing five years in this his first pastorate, accepted the cordial invitation of the Orroroo and Blackrock Churches. The Rev. W. Dinnis has been obliged on account of failing health to relinquish the charge of the Grange Church, which, however, has been provided for by being united with Hilton, under the pastorate of the Rev. G. J. Clark. The Rev. W. Jones has taken charge of the Knightsbridge Church. And quite recently the Rev. S. Fairey has resigned the pastoral charge of the Parkside Church and accepted that of Glen Osmond. The Churches now without pastors are— Clare, Parkside, those of Yorke's Peninsula Circuit, Jamestown, Georg town, and Clover Hill. The committee sincerely hope that for the sake of the Churches themselves, as well as their pastors, the grouping of scattered Churches will become more general in the future than in the past, and would call attention to the by-law bearing upon this subject, which says — 'Churches making application for aid, or intending to do so, shall be ex pected to fall in with such plans as the Executive Committee may deem advisable for the grouping of Churches under one pasto rate.' Applications for ministerial work have been received from several gentlemen, whom the committee have not seen their way to employ. The only addition to our ministerial ranks during the year is that of the Rev. A. Hyde, late of Hamilton, Victoria, who has taken up the pastoral work of the Goodwood Church. Our denominational magazine. Truth and Progress, has continued its career as a fortnightly publication under tho control of the Rev. E. J. Henderson as Editor and Mr. A. V. Mitton as publisher and business manager, together with a Board ot Manage ment. Four students for the ministry have been engaged in a regular course of studies under the tuition of the Rev. S. Mead, M. A., LL.B., the Rev. W. Bell, M.A., and latterly the Rev. C. Bright, and have made commen dable progress in their work. Two of these — Messrs. J. R. Walbank and E. B. Turner — will be ready to take up ministerial work at the end of the year. Mr. J. Murray has combined with his studies pastoral work in connection with the Church at Southwark, and also ceases his studies at the end of the year. Mr. H. E. Hughes is desirous of continuing his work as a student for another term. There are several promising young men who are apply ing to the College Committee for tuition with a view to the ministry. The long-desired new Church at Mount Gambier has been erected, and was opened on the 8th of the present month. The Church at Petersburg has been considerably enlarged, likewise that of Beryl street, Broken Hill. The Church property has also been enlarged at South Broken Hill. Nine classrooms have bean erected at Alberton, and vestries at Goodwood, Magill, and Blackrock. The friends at Port Pirie have been able to begin the erection of their new Church, which they are hopeful of being able to open free of any debt, except the £250 loan from the Building Fund. It is only just to the retiring President (Mr. J. Viner Smith) to say his year of office has been marked by an unassuming, but deep interest in the work of the Association which has shown itself in many ways, especially in his kindly words for all and ready response to the various claims upon his liberality. The Denominational Library has been used rather more freely than in some previous years, though not nearly to the extent it might be.' The report was adopted, as was also the yearly report by the Treasurer (Rev. S. Mead), which set out the receipts had been £1,084 10s. 1d. and the expenditure £865 3s. 8d., leaving a credit balance of £219 6s. 5d. STATISTICAL. The Rev. R. Woolcock presented an abstract from the statistical table for the year ended August 31 showing that there were in the Association 55 Churches and 13 preaching stations. The total membership of these Churches was 4,109, being a decrease of 19 as compared with the returns given for the pre ceding year. The actual net increase for the year was 35. Additions from the world numbered 202, as against 312 for the year before, and baptisms 148, as compared with 293 in the preceding year. There had been 109 losses by erasure, as compared with 124 for the preceding twelve months; whilst the Sunday-school teachers numbered 605 and the scholars 6,317, being respective increases of 35 and 124. The total sittings in Churches were 12,095, an increase of 671. The amount raised for general Church purposes was about £8,000, somewhat about the same as last year. The amount raised for the Baptist Association was £842, against £434 for the year before. There was an increase in the value of the property of the denomina tion, which now stood at £82,858, being £1.,610 more than the preceding year. Some dis cussion arose upon the Secretary's statement that some of the returns from Churches were irregular and not quite accurate, and it was resolved that steps should be taken to ensure greater accuracy. The Rev. S. Mead presented the College report. Upon the Revs. W. Bell and S. Mead had devolved the main work of tuition for the past seven months, assistance having been given for a time by the Rev. C. Bright, who had, how ever, been unable to continue on account of ill-health. It was shown that there was a balance in hand as regards the College Fund of £20 8s. Mr. A. S. Neill, the Treasurer, read the financial statement of the James White Fund, which set out that the credit balance on August 31 was £76 13s. 10d. As regards the building report the Managers stated that during the year under review the last payment from the Jubilee Fund had been made, and that the fund had been merged into the Building Fund. It had been found necessary to expend an additional sum of £1,070 to meet excess requirements over the sum which it had been originally estimated would be needed to free the Churches from debt. The capital, after writing off £6,625 9s. 9d. for free grants, now stood at £6,87517s. Of this amount £6,457 16s. 9d. was owing by Churches without interest, whilst £286 16s. 2d. had been lent to Churches at interest. The Managers had during the year granted loans to Churches from the Building Fund to the extent of £793, in addition to the £27 10s., the last payment on account of the Jubilee Fund ; £100 of this amount had been lent for manse purposes. The Managers had, as far as lay in their power, insisted upon all new erections being of a substantial nature. Satisfactory reports were presented in con nection with Truth and Progress. Mr. W. Neill read the annual report of the Aged Ministers' Relief Fund. The revenue had exceeded the payments by £70 5s. There were now twenty- one ministers connected with the fund, as against twenty for the previous year. The endowment branch continued to show a steady increase, the amount now held at credit of eleven ministers being £1,088 10s. The amount now invested on mortgage and spread over nine loans was £3,696 7s., being £720 more than last year. All the above reports were adopted. MIDDAY ADJOURNMENT, &c.; Luncheon was provided for the delegates by the ladies of the Flinders-street Church. The Rev. W. Bell occupied the chair upon the business being continued after the luncheon adjournment. INTERCOLONIAL BAPTIST PAPER. After adducing divers arguments in favour of the proposal the Rev. S. Mead gave notice of the following motion for next day: — 'That this Association, approving of an intercolonial Baptist paper with a fortnightly issue, directs that Truth and Progress shall be merged therein from January 1, 1894, with the proviso that a fixed proportion of the available space for printed matter shall be allotted to the charge of the South Australian Editor, and that a due proportion of loss or profit be accepted by our Board of Management, it being understood that should the scheme for an intercolonial paper not prove practicable Truth and Progress will be published as here before. The Rev. G. Hogben seconded. Details of the plan upon which it was intended to manage the intercolonial paper were given by the intercolonial delegates (the Revs. F. E. Harry, of New South Wales, and Principal Whitley, of Victoria), after which the dis cussion was adjourned till the following day. GREETINGS. The Chairman read the following telegram he had received during the afternoon: — 'Baptist Association, Queensland, annual session, Christian greetings. God speed you.' It was resolved that a responsive greeting be sent to the Queensland Association. HALF YEARLY MEETINGS. It was resolved that the next half-yearly meetings should be held at Gawler. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows: — Vice-President, Mr. G. S. Fowler; General Secretary, Rev. G. Hogben ; Minute Secretary, Rev. J. H. Sexton ; Treasurer, Mr. J. R. Fowler : Finance Secretary, Mr. J. Gray ; Auditors, Messrs. J. S. Scott and H. Bowen ; Board of Management of Truth and Progress, Revs. C. Bright, G. Hogben, and S. Mead, and Messrs. J. R. Fowler, Stow Smith, and W. Neill; Manager of Truth and Progress, Mr. A. V. Mitton ; Committee of Advice, Revs. W. Bell, G. Hogben, and S. Mead, and Messrs. C. H. Goode and A. S. Neill ; Librarian, Mr. J. Ellis : Managers of Aged Ministers' Fund. Messrs. E. S. Wigg, G. S. Fowler, J. Smith. W Gilbert, A. S. Neill, and W. Neill. The choice of editor of Truth and Progress was left to the Board of Management of the paper. A hearty vote of thanks was tendered to the retiring officers for their services. The Evening Meeting. There was a very large attendance at the evening meeting in the Flinders-street Lecture Hall to hear the addresses by the new Presi dent and other gentlemen. Mr. J. Viner Smith, the retiring President, occupied the chair on this occasion, and made brief re ference to his year of office, which would live in his memory on account of the good feeling and kindness displayed towards him by all his Church brethren. The new President (Rev. W. Bell, M. A.) took as the basis of his address the passage :— i 'Ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses.' — Acts i. 8. God gave up Christ to die because He hated sin and loved sinners ; man gave up Christ to die because he loved sin and was at enmity with God. These truths met on the Cross, and needed their witness. If they declared the first only they might talk much about the wondrous love of God and the wondrous grace of Christ, but men would not be constrained by either, since they would not under stand the terrible nature of that which drew forth the riches of the Divine compassion and forbearance. Did it not seem as though in the present day those truths in common needed a very clear testi mony on the part of the Church? In the course of his address he observed— 'Ideal conditions for the world will only be possible when the offence of the Cross ceases. This is no reason for letting abuses pass, but it is a reason for not hoping too much from any single reform. The human heart is so fruitful of devices, of self-enrichment, that it defies all legal barriers, and before the fruits of one reform are reaped another becomes necessary. As citizens we have solemn duties in this respect, but as Churches the truth which we witness to lies deeper down. ' Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down and cast into the fire.' Christian ideas must be kept in vital connection with Christ if they are to preserve their true meaning. Take the idea of justice. Mr. Ruskin has done immense service by insisting that our politioal economy shall be founded on the idea of justice and not on that of expediency. This is as it should be, only you have still to define what the idea of justice is in the Christain sense, and to determine its application in concrete cases. And if your idea of justice has not been baptized in the spirit of the Cross it is likely to be one-sided. It is just because the Law of Christ is of the spirit rather than of the letter, a thing of great principles branching out from Himself rather than a massive code of regulations, that, if we do not understand it in its root, we shall be sure to err when we apply it to details. The first business of the Church is to proclaim that Jesus is the Messiah ; not ideal earthly conditions, but Jesus who died upon tho Cross for men's sin. And the first appeal of the Church must be, not come and enjoy the blessings of Messiah's reign, but repent ye whose sin crucified Him. If we act otherwise we shall be going against the order of things which God has graven deep in the very constitution of the world. . . . We may well ask whether even healthy measures of reform will avail much or long if they are not accom panied with the voice of God's messengers calling upon them to repent of their sins. Our case as a nation, at the present time, is in point. No one will deny that there are economic causes which will account in part for the paralysis of trade and its attendant evils, and the attempt to remove these affords a fine field for the Christian statesman. But if we wish to put our national prosperity on a surer basis we must go further. When men manifest an inordinate desire to grow rich ; when numbers of our people are abandoned to pleasure, both in its lighter and more sensuous forms ; when in prosperous times so much money is spent on personal gratification and so little in comparison devoted to the advance ment of the Kingdom of God, can we expect the blessing of the Most High.' The preacher contended that movements which had helped the world forward had been inspired by moral ideas for which those who espoused them were willing to suffer. The Puritans of the May flower and the case of the Reformation of the sixteenth century were instanced, with the conclusion that "when the Church is appealed to on behalf of secular reform she must make righteousness her keynote, interpreting it according to the law of Christ, as she is enabled by the illumination of His Spirit. . . . The Church will do more for men in the end if she can inspire them with nobler ideals and strengthen the fibre of character than she could accomplish were it in her power at this moment to equalize the condition of all by a redistribution of the wealth of the world.' 'The Church's wit ness, '' it was argued, 'is not only a witness to supernatural truth, but the witness of a super natural life. . . . Men have ceased to ask whether Christ lived 2,000 years ago, they want to know whether He is living to-day ; and the Church must be able to say — "He hath poured forth this which ye see and hear.' . . . The Divine Spirit is with us still, for the Lord of the Church has not revoked the gift. Only we must not forget that the Spirit may be hin dered in His manifestations through our own fault. If the Spirit is to have full control of us our lives must be firmly rooted in the Invisible.' Then it was pointed out that Christian men must fearlessly apply the morality of Christ to the business of the world. That which constitutes the highest privilege and supreme obligation of the Church is that she may know and do the will of God. A vote of thanks was carried with hearty acclamation to the President for his address, which was listened to with marked attention. The Rev. C. F. Smith followed with a paper on 'Independence of the Churches versus Central Government,' arguing in favour of free Church government, as such would offer better scope for individual liberty, would enable special local needs to be met, and enabled a stronger protest to be made against State interference with their re ligious liberties. Several ministers as well as laymen took part in the subsequent lengthy discussion, in the course of which strongly differing opinions were given expression to. Mr. N. J. Hone, in order to test the meeting, moved— That a committee, consisting of the Revs. W. Bell, G. Hogben, C. Bright, and W. Gilmour, and Messrs. J. V. Smith, A. S. Neal, C. H. Goode, G. S. Fowler, and J. T. Mellor, with power to add, be appointed to take into consideration the possibility of our combining independence in our Churches with more centralization of government. Mr. G. H. Cargeeg seconded. An amend ment for the adjournment of the discussion having been lost, the motion was carried. The meeting then adjourned. 