SPOKTIW NOTES FROM QUEENSLAND. (fBOH 0011 OWN OOnllESrONDENT.) BuissANE, Sunday, May 28. Q.T.O. Ilaocs. Thoro can be no doubt whatover that but for tho bank Btisponsiona and tho lock ing up of such a lot of monoy tho Queens land Turf Club's big autumn mouting would havo boon an iiniuonso success. As it was, oven in spite of all the difllculties against whioh the club had to contend, tho reunion wont through in Unit-class ntylo, and had tho wholo of tho' monoy paid in for nominations boon available, tho com mittoo would vory likoly havo boon in a position to pay tho prizes in full. Tho prize-monuy offored reached a total of close upon £2000, wlioroas tho receipts of tho mooting, aftor paying working expenses, will probably roturn about £1300, in cluding something liko £700 from the totalisator percentages, so that it is estimated that when tlio balanco-shoot is proimred winning oivnors will bo ablo to get at least two- thirds of tho amounts duo to them. From a racing point of view tho meeting was ouo of tho bust wu have soon for years, and this result wns attainod no doubt by reason of tho fact that as there is nothing to look forward to in the near lucuro. Micro woro comparatively tow scratching, and evorything was out-after tho ' material.' On tho first day nothing but tho unoxpoctcd happened, and thoso who favored the chances of the favorites had an oxceodingly bad time, but tbo tables woro turned yestorduy when tho puntors had tho pleasure of getting oven with tho poncillofs, and perhaps scoring a point or two to the good. Tliu favorites wont down in a most remarkable, manner on Wednes day. Whon the books opened out for the Trial Handicap, with which the meeting was opened, thoro wns a bit of a rush to got on to Euroka and Triton, and the frionds of Vizior made a bit of a demon stration in his favor boforo tho largo iiold of 19 runners wont to tho post. Nono of these, howover, hnd any sort of a show at any part of tho race, and our old friend, Jack Stono, hud tho luck to score first and third honors, by tho aid of his speody galloway, Economy, and tho Splondor gelding, Rosy Dawn, while a First Water golding, named Fred, Bplit tho pair. Tho timo for tho soven furlongs was givon by the official clock as lmin 2S!)scc ; but this was a bit too good, and tho record of all thoprivato watcliOB, which registered lmin 301sec, or thereabouts, was probably cor rect. Tho totalisator dividend on the winnor was £21 11s. This was eye-opener No. 1. Then tho Leger came on for dis cussion, nud for some reason, probably on account of his having rim ono or two fair gallops, and tho supposition that he would do much better whon the colors woro up, Candour was sent . out an even money favorito, while -2 to 1 could be obtained about Tridentato, and a point longer Crichton, while Queen Olivo, who made up tho quartotto, was unsupported. At ono time prior to tho meeting Tridontato hnd a decided call in the betting, and those who first fancied this sturdy little chap and then went over to Candour must havo whipped tho cat with a vengeance, for tho Trident colt made mincemeat of tho others in tho raco,' winning with ridiculous easo in tho good timo ot'3min lSJsec, after making all his own running from tho fall of tho flag. There can bo no doubt nt all of tho gonuinoness of Mr. Hurbort Hunter's dolt, as aftor events wont to provo, and if : ??) it; not ono of tho coming champions of Au tralia I am a bad judge of racing. Ca ?lour may not liavo beau quite himself, in act, I fail to see how he possibly could .:i.vc bcon, but it would havo been all the saiuo wore he never so fit; ho could have had no chance with the winnor. As it was, hu finished third, behind Crichton, about whom tlio conclusion has been formed that' he is ono of the faint- hearted brigado. In all their work Crichton did as well as Tridentato, and over short runs had tho Loger winner completely at his mercy s bub in tho raco he wus to all nppearancos unable to get near him from tho start. This is tho first timo for sotuo years that tho same horso has won both the Derby and tho Logcr, and . ' whon Tridentato uudorwont tho red ribbon decoration at tho hands of Lady Norman, Mr. Herbert Hunter had more than reason enough to feel very proud. East Lynno was the favorito for the Grand National Hurdlo Raco, but ho had bad luck- in the race/and could get no nearer than third, the winncrturning up in Mick Quirk's outsider, Lauretto. For tho Moroton , Handicap Musician, Zingara, and Marble wore the most fancied, .but hero again backers wore all astray. Musician, whose chances ap peared to bo sacrificed for those of his. stable-mate Minstor Belle, was never ouce allowod to take a prominent placo in tho raco, and whon tho maro was beaten Ho was too far away to havo a. possible show.' Zingara came to tho front at the homo turn, and for a moment looked to haVo the raco won, but whon everybody was shout ing his namo the little galloway Kildare, another of Stone's well-conditioned team, cumo from nowhoro with. a novortobe forgottou run and, leaving nothing with u ghost of a show; romped homo tin easy winnor two longths in front of Kingnra. Kildaro has for a long timu boon known as tho champion galloway, but ho niusb henceforth be rocognised us piioof tho best and- truost. nicohors'as ovor Baddled at Eagle Farm, for he ran tlio milo . and a quartor, according to any. /number of private watches, iu a tick or bo undor 2min lOisoc, and boat ono of tho best fields wo havo seen out formany a day. Common, the common-looking son of Phil Athol nnd Princoss, who had '''previously givon proof of his ability to gallop, had ho troublo whatovor in boating a largo Cold of two year-olds in tho Criterion Nursory Handi cap in liniu UOJsoe for tho sovan furlongs, and Marble made amends for his Moroton Handicap defeat by finishing iu front of Economy and Purnell in tho Epsom Hundicup in lmin -Hi sec for the milo. Tho weather wns again fino yesterday; nnd it deal of interest was taken in tho con cluding part of tho meeting. Tho Strad broke Handicap, with which tho ball was sot rolling, had been shorn of a lot of its attraction in tho shape of a reduction of value; but this did not prevent a largo field from starting, and the- eighteen horses who wont to the post presented n great tangle to thoso in search of tho winner. Marble was tho most fancied, but tho fol lowers of Slouo's Btnblo went bald-headed for Rosy Dawn, aud thoir luck stuck to them. Rosy came through in great stylo in the last furlong, and scored the third victory tor his trainer by reaching tho post a length in front of Kilty O'Shea and Mnrblo, covering the distance in lmin lOJsec. Cooeo, Capristo, M.L.A., and Genoa represented tho starters for tho Produco Stakes, nnd this was tho order in which they finished, tho Agamemnon — Echo colt starting nn ovon money favorito and having matters nil his own way throughout. Tho Corinthinu Plato went to Vizier, whoso success placad anolhor feather in Mr. Frank M'Gill's cap as an amateur horsumau; nnd then ciimu tho great race of tho mooting — tho Brisbane Cup. On necount of his Loger victory Tridentate was a staunch tavorito at 2 to 1, but the friends of Spleudide were con fident of her ability to down him, and the maro was well backed at 4'n. Musician, Kildaro, Ziiugara, nud Mumah wero tho others backed, but not to vory largo amounts. Tho field was a largo ono — too huge, in fact, for a courso liko that at tho Farm — silicon horses being placed iu tbo hands of Min starter. The start was not a good one, and Tridontate had tho bad luck to get an»; but. Ha loon raced into a good positiou, however, and, as tho iasuo proved, lost nothing by being last away. Musician, whose rider appeared to bo unablo to hold liim, miide most of tlio running, but five furlongs from homo tho little Grand Flaneur mare Moinah shot away to tho front, and so merry did sho make tho pnea that when the homo turn was roachod all but a few woro vory glad to drop out of tho hunt. Tho mare wns first into tho straight, but hero Tridontato camo nt her, anil whilo tho pair wore boring out towards the Baud-track and fighting all they know for the winning-post, Kildaro camo away from tho others closo to tho rails, and ovorlmuled them so quickly that ovoryono thought ho was going to repeat his Moteton Handicap trick. Ho had a lot of knocking about in the raco', howover, and was just unequal to. the task of libiid ing tho other pair, wiio fought out a bitter fight right up to the post, tho colt -being givon tho verdict by a Bhort head: (Triden tato's victory was a nonulnr ono. and tho time iu which ho ran the two.mijes, after gotting a\yay last in a field' 'of sixteen — . 3min 3-lJsee— -leaves no doubt about his excellence as a racohorso. In Novombor last Splendido ran tho samo course in tho Queensland' Cup raco: in half a. second faster timo under Ost 21b, and she would probably havo beon hard to boat again had sho managed to get any thing approaching a fair run. Liko many' of tho others, howover, sho was blocked out all tlio way, nud finished unnoticed in tho ruck. Common again had an easy Victory in the Claret Stakes, 0,furlone;s, covering tho distance in lmin 10 Jsec under Ost.and boat ing all tho' best of tho two-year-olds with tho exception of Kecovory, who: was being kopt back for the Royal Stakes. For this ovont tho champion wont out an equal favorite with Splendido at 2 to 1, but he was out of condition and finished last with Cobee. The winner turned up in the big Vespasian horso Zingara, who ran the mile in lmin 43sec, but Valentino; who rode him, failed to turn tho scalo whon ho roturnod, and the rneo wont to Splendide, who finished second. 'Another big field started in tho last raco, tho Hamilton Haii dieap, 1 mile and a distance, and Musician, starting favorito, camo with-, a beautiful run, at ., the finiih and got homo in front of Strayshot and Rosy Dawninlmin 59}sec- Tho little lad Chnafo, who is connected with Stone's stable, was tlie most success ful rider at the meeting, as ho rodo three winners, and -finished second once and third twice. M'Tavish, Bowers, and Archer each had two wins, and Woodgato, Quirk, and Valentine, had one win each. ' Turf Kotos, '.';' ? In consequence of tho topsy turvoydom into which ' tho finanoial affairs of tho colony havo been plunged by bank failures and the general depression, thorp is scarcoly any market hero at all just now for racing stock, arid' Messrs. Carter arid Fenwick, who woro acting as agents l'or.Mr. C. E. M'Dbugall, vui'y wisely decided hot to pro ceed with the sale of Lyndhurst thorough breds, which was^aunouncod for Thursday last. Should the limes improve, however, and it is' sincorely to be hoped that they will, tho youngstors will bo brought down in August noxb and offered for auction duringtho Exhibition week,. -''..'. . ; Mr. '\Y. H.Kent'B horse3 were put up for - salo on Thursday afternoon at tho' Newmarket yards, and Mr. Walker, of Suoll and Walker, who wibldod'tho ham mer, was successful in disposing of a fow of the' lots siibmittod. Tho first brought ', out out was the Chester— Queen of Nations golding. Empire, for whom Mr. Kont gave ijflOgs after, he had won tho double ' at Albury. After some spirited bidding the horso was knocked down at tho snme price that Mr. Kont paid' for him to Mr. L. 'Si. Townor, tho Gympio Police Magistrate, who liniidod him over to Watty Blacklock.. Sinco his arrival. hero Empire has had the misfortune to occupy a'.vory high placo in^ the estimation of tho handicappor, but ho ought to bo worth ovory penny of tho price paid for him; and his new owner may vory quickly get back his purchnso money with' him, as the horse appears to have improved greatly by ' tlio chnngo' of climatb, and is' undoubtedly, possessed of 'plenty of paco. A very handsome chestnut twb-yonr:old colt, named Voltaire, who is by tho im-. ported Grandmaster, out of Hazley Lea (imported), by Restitution, .was passed in at 80 guineas, but another two-year-old by Westminster — Rcquieuni, by Drum Major, ,aud who is ono of tho finest youngsters over led into a sale ring,. found n pur chaser at 00 guineas in Sir. G. C. Taylor, who lids', placed him in tho hands of B. J, Easton, to .bo trained at t;ho Grange . Mr. (W. li'lynn gave 40 guinons for the bay yearling colt by Phil Athol— Emblem, by Excelsior, aud tho remainder, including Recovery nnd Candour/ returned to their bbxos without eliciting a bid. . The ' Tobwooinba rncbs(ito bo-hold on' Wednesday nnd Thursday, uoxt.'promiso to bo a- grrist success, -tho! club having secured ?remarkably satisfactory ' oiitries,' and1 thoro- being no troublq'abo'ufc-'prizo money. :i'i:' ?_ ? '.,,?_ .,'??;??? v. :??'-? - ;..'. In, Iho fight between 'Hair-ami Slavin, tho roforoo was compolled to warn both men, and to threaten that ho would doolaro it 'no figbt.' ? . A match ia on the (opi». botweon a well known amatonr oyoliat pn hia machine and an amateur ped on his toes : tho wheelman is to cover a milo while tbo runnor leavea 1000yds behind him. , The Houseman (A.) says:— Something now from Australia. — At tho meeting of tho Pacific Coast Blood-horso Association now in progress tho Australian system of indicating thn identity of the starters has been given a trial. This consists of Iho uscof saddle-cloths numbered to correspond with tho numbers on tho programme, in stund of affixing tho numbors on tbo jockey's arms, as horetoforo. It is a vory difficult matter for the averago rnco-goer to identify tho horsns with the small num bors now/in uso, and excopt whon thoy are immediately in front of him they might as well havo no numbers at all. The saddlo cloths in uso in California nro white, with tho figures vory distinctly brnided in red, so that they can no doubt bo seen even when tho horse? aro on the back stretch. Tho cloths uro handed to each jockoy by tho clork of tbo scales us bo weighs out, and roturnod by him whon ho woighs in. Them is no more trouhlo about tint m-w cloths than Iho arm numbers, and our California contemporHiifla report tho innovation ns being a decided Kiiccess, and that it wns well receivod. Auyone can ronliw how much it would add to tho enjoyment of an aftornoon'n racing if tho horses could all bo plainly and readily distinguished, nnd as tho now saddle-cloths seem to make this possible, wo liopo to boo Eastern racing association! adopt tho now idea from the l»nd of the kangaroo. 