MINISTERS' CONFERENCE. At Wooton Lea, Mr. G. S. Fowler's resi dence at Glen Osmod, on Monday between twenty and thirty members of the S. A. Baptist Association met to take part in a ministers' conference in connection with the annual meetings of the Association. The Rev. S. Fairey presided, and the Rev. J. Prioe led in the opening prayer. The morning's proceedings were devoted to a paper on "The Relation of our Churches to the Social and Political Questions of the Day," by the Rev. F. E. HARRY, of Sydney. The following is an abstract: "'The greatest of all questions for statesmen and Churchmen, wrote Dr. Chalmers in 1823, 'is the condition of those untaught and de- graded thousands who swarm around the base of the social edifice, and whose brawny arms may yet grasp its pillars to shake or destroy.' The same problem, the same possible danger faces us, but with this difference. The multi- tudes around are no longer untaught, for Education Acts have been in operation, and public schools abound. But their spiritual destitution still remains the greatest of all problems. Shall we be candid with ourselves to-day and admit some of our short comings ? Shall we acknowledge the existing and manifest need for improvement in our Church life and organization? We cannot overlook the fact that there is a deep-rooted suspicion in the minds of many earnest men that the pulpit is gradually losing its power—that this is owing to a defec tive culture, to the repetition of stereotyped formulas, and to the lack of interest in the affairs of this life manifested by those who stand up to plead for God. We have only ourselves to blame if the masses of men turn away from us because we are merely 'sky- pilots,' because we keep heaven far away instead of bringing it down to earth. Some of us have yet to learn how to interest men as well as to instruct how to apply moral and spiritual principles to the details of daily life; how to present old truths con- cerning God, eternity, life, duty, with freshness, freedom, and power. Enthu- siastic dreamers have drawn pictures for us of probable social life a century hence, and it is perhaps our own fault, the penalty of past neglect, that in these pictures no scope is given for the work of the pulpit. No con sideration is permitted to the claims of a higher life and Christianity, which has really contributed so largely to all great social achievements. Christianity, which alone could make such a harmonious system possible, is left out in the cold. It will have had its day, for the millennium of luxury will have dawned. Individuality will have been repressed, and every man will be only a helpless frag ment of a gigantic piece of mechanism. All true advances have come through the simple earnest preaching of the Gospel of Christ. Many run to and fro in these days with now legislative schemes and social inven tions and political dreams. Doubtless God will use them to some purpose. But all social, political, and financial remedies not born out of the redemptive heart of God are but new Babel towers, from which men will flee in dis pute and confusion to renew their sad and vain efforts towards a peaceful millennium. Shall we confess to having too spasmodic an interest in passing events? Of course we don't want to be ' down criers,' and it is not given to some of us to announce sermons upon great calamities; yet while we may not be able to discuss such themes as 'strikes' without giving offence or without falling between two stools, we can wisely teach principles which must influence those who are directly interested in such social questions. We are not to echo public opinion, but to lead it. If we are not keenly interested in the movements of the day how can we bring the spirit of Christ to bear upon the laws and customs of society? Ethical principles may be taught, but the application of them to the details of daily life and to the conduct of public affairs must be left to the individual judgment. In some cities it is left to the pulpit and to that alone to counteract the insidious influence of a poisoned Press. You know what I mean. The new journalism, with its great interest for us all, with its piquant paragraphs, its perso nalities, its anonymous articles often with subtle insinuations approaching the very verge of libel, with its titbits of society news, its news concerning the turf and various sports, constitutes almost the sole reading of thousands of men and women to-day. And will any one dare say that such reading has no penetrating power for evil? It is for us to counteract this evil influence in every possible way by creating a healthier literary appetite, by fostering a pure taste, by training tho young to read only those books and periodicals which minister to their intellectual and spiritual welfare. Ministers are often advised to keep out of politics, but no reasons of any weight have been given for such a strange course. Ministers ought to take their share in public life like merchants, lawyers, tradesmen, and other citizens. Let us keep party politics out of the pulpit by all means, unless the questions in debate have a direct bearing on the religious life of the people. Then speak without fear of man. We must show how religious principles bear upon social and national life, for nothing is outside the scope of Christianity. When all men strive to be alike progress is impossible, for the world moves forward in proportion to the clear expression and impression of separate individualities. I know that this doctrine is not largely held in these days of levelling, in this 'millennium of Smiths.' Yet if the pulpit is decaying it is owing to cowardice and conventionality. Let me briefly touch upon some of the chief of our social and political problems. I believe that our attitude towards the poor will be ever an index to our character, whether as in dividuals or Churches. Let us impress upon our Churches in these days of distress and destitution tbe need for considering the poor, not in foolish ways of indiscriminate giving, but with a wise charity. Let each family in comfortable circumstances take a destitute family in charge, not in a patronising way, but with wise love. What attitude should the Churches assume towards Socialism ? Who can look at the sufferings and struggles of men, the anxieties of the poor over food, the terrible social inequalities which prevail, without feeling that a change must come soon. Apart from all the frothy and foolish talk of Anarchists and political dema gogues we must recognise the discontent that prevails among the masses of men. We must consider the schemes of social reform put for- ward by thoughtful and earnest men. Now, Christianity utterly disagrees with the methods of socialism. Christianity maintains that all cardinal changes must come from within; the mischief lies in the heart of man. Let us build soup kitchens for the starving; let as give as God has blessed us to every worthy object; but let us not imagine that passing an Act of Parliament, digging good drains, or creating a protective tariff will destroy human selfishness. Let us improve social conditions in every possible way, but at the same time remember that the permanent and powerful reform of society can only come from the leavening influence of the spirit of Christ. Christianity ever strikes at selfish ness as the root of earth's evils; it cannot be silent before the greed and cruelty of men. At the same time we must beware of being hard upon the rich merely to please the poor. There is that in the gospel which can rectify all ills, and 'make the wilderness to blossom as the rose.' Christ, and Christ alone, can solve every social problem. la con cluding let me briefly allude to the relation of our Churches to political questions. We ought to-have more influence on legislation than we possess at present. Our indifference accounts largely for the fact that atheistic agitators secure seats in our legislative chambers. If we want good legislation we must send better men to Parliament. We used legislation against the terrible -and un blushing vice of out streets. One can hardly move in this matter without feeing assailed by that large section of the Press which sneers at virtue and condemns as prudery every attempt to check vice. There are those in our com munity who try to overwhelm with slander and abuse the men and women, who make any sacrifice to save the young and the wretched from doing down to the pit, who endeavour to break down the present agreement with death and covenant with hell. Our Churches must speak out plainly in this matter. Dr. Parkhurst, of New York, has illus- trated what can be done by a man of vigilance and courage to purify the horrible dens of a large city. We must have legisla- tion against all places of questionable amuse- ment, where the innocent are allured by those three allied curses—gambling, drink, and impurity. It is a matter of life and death to thousands that our places of public amuse- ment should at all costs be kept pure and free, from all incentives to vice and crime. Those devil's dens for the promotion of loose living must be abolished. We ought not to tolerate so many places of temptation in our cities — hotels and private bars at every street corner, betting-rooms, and foul music halls. In spite of all the sneers of a worldly and cynical Press the ultimate analysis of all history is that which we find upon the sacred page, and upon it all the history, of the nations is but one continuous comment that ' Righteousness exalteth a nation, and sin is the reproach of any people."' Discussion on the paper was initiated by -the Rev. T. DAVIS, who dwelt upon the great spiritual need of the people. They must insist upon personal righteousness, which should form the standard whereby reform schemes should be judged, It was essential that the people should heartily aid the clergy in their work. As Christians they must make good character the first consideration when electing their legislators. The granting of female suffrage would, be firmly believed, greatly aid in the Church work. The Rev. C. F. SMITH (Laura) contested that he was a little disappointed to the reading- of the paper, as he felt that there were deeper social questions that needed their considera- tion. He had arrived at the conclusion that the reforms advocated at the present time would not prove a remedy, but would simply be the lopping off the branches of the tree of evil instead of striking at the root, which was sin. It seemed to him that if they laid down the Christian principles upon which these ques tions were to be decided the solution would not prove so difficult. The Rev. F. J. Steward (Stockport) said he could not help feeling that had Mr. Harry had a fuller knowledge of South Australian cir cumstances he would have touched upon some additional points. The chief social question brought before them by pulpit utterances was that of the land. This narrowed down the matter for them. Such statements as that poverty was not the result of sin, but that sin was the result of poverty could not be made by a Christian, and it behoved them to lay down the guiding principle that circumstances did not excuse sin. The Rev. T. Dowding (Port Pirie) agreed with Mr. Smith as to the varying definite points which formed the centre of social ques tions, and as to the land problem being the present focus. He would like to be told what stand a minister should take when he held different views to those brought prominently forward by the agitators upon particular points. The Rev. S. MEAD, M. A., LL.B. (Flinders street), said he was on the adverse side of the increasing agitation that was now proceeding. He was a democrat in the way that he held that a man should have free individual scope and a voice in the direction of national affairs. The matters that were now designated under the name of "sociology" were included in the older term " political economy," and ministers could fairly be supposed to know something of the questions involved. He differed from Henry George. As far as he knew we already had too many people on the land. He did not believe that the Bible favoured nationalization of land, and considered that the Saviour and the Holy Scriptures had put the mark of approval upon individual ownership of land. Concerning the depressed state of things in this colony he could from experience say that during the first years of his connection with South Australia poverty was to all intents and purposes unknown, ex cepting as the result of sickness or intempe rance or other vice. A good deal of difficulty had been experienced in former days in the disposition of Church alms. He himself honestly believed that the present condition of affairs was due to causes foremost amongst which were the speculative mania which had seized all classes some time since and the four great strikes. He remarked that the agitators should be more careful of their language, and not go travelling about the country declaring that all private land ownership was robbery, and that a man who kept a servant was a slavedriver. On the proposition of the Rev. J. Price (Mount Barker), seconded by the Rev. T. Dowding, a cordial vote of thanks was ten dered to the Rev. F. E. Harry, who, in replying, urged that in the present distress the Church and the ministers should give the people the spiritual bread they so much needed, and not stones. Mr. Fowler entertained the members of the conference at luncheon. "What has the higher criticism estab lished ?" was the subject of a paper given in the afternoon by the Rev. W. T. Whitley, M. A., Principal of the Baptist College, Victoria. The Rev. S. Mead presided. Mr. WHITLEY said his paper might fittingly have as a sub title " How far are the facts of the Bible veri fied or contradicted by historical research ?" One thing which the higher criticism had estab lished beyond a shadow of doubt was the utter incompetence of unspiritual men to apply their canons and processes to spiritual matters. Dealing first with the Old Testament, he re ferred to the modern view concerning the first six books-of the Bible. Turning to the second division of the Jewish canon they found that their debt to the higher criticism was much deeper. It was rapidly becoming a com monplace that the prophets had a mes sage primarily for their own day. It would soon be reckoned unfair to preach sermons on texts without ascertaining their original connection and meaning. In the miscellaneous books in the third division of the canon the higher criticism had estab lished what tremendous consequences could be deduced from the faintest allusion, but when it came to fixing the dates of all the psalms and asserting that only some half-dozen at most were the songs of David they might well be sceptical. As regards the Books of Daniel and of Esther the former had probably been added to, whilst a recent ex positor held that the latter was a pious story rather than a transcript of natural fact. The higher criticism showed to great advantage in relation to the New Testament. The result of ardent study had been to prove beyond doubt the genuineness of most of the Pauline epistles, and to ensure high probability for all. The general epistles had come in for their share of criticism, and like all else that was good had profited by it. Criticism had here deter mined that the general facts reported were true. To summarize the matter they had leaned that the Bible was really two literatures, and they must read it under that light; they had learned the necessity of enquiry as to the original meaning, of each verse, each passage, each book. They thus discovered, that the Bible had a message for every age, though they noted a steady pro gressive revelation, and found that the whole series of books varied, though they yet had their unity in Christ. The Rev. W. Bell, M. A. (Semaphore) moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. W. T. Whitley, whose paper he said was a valuable and dis criminating one. He considered that the Old Testament should be submitted to criti cism, but it must be borne in mind that an unspiritual man could not rightly read spiritual facts. Elements of great value could be derived from the higher criticism, which had deduced much that was new and beneficial. The Rev. D. DAVIS (Gawler) and the Rev. E. J. Tuck (Broken Hill) also spoke. In reply to questions the Rev. W. T. Whitley said that the phrase " higher criti- cism" was used to designate " the criticism of matter as opposed to that of form." The Rev. J. Barker (Angaston) held that the higher criticism was awakening the interest in the Bible, and inducing the opening of new lines of thought. They were-certainly greatly indebted to those who were directing their efforts towards bringing out clearer the truths of the Bible. " The Rev. J. Price (Mount Barker) suggested caution as to which criticism was accepted. Other gentlemen also took part in the dis- cussion, which terminated in the carrying of a hearty vote of thanks to the rev. gentleman , who had contributed the paper. PRESIDENT'S SOCIAL. Mr. J. Viner Smith the retiring President of the Association, and Mrs. Smith enter- tained a large number of friends at a social at the Victoria Hall on Monday evening, the gathering proving of a most enjoyable character. The hall had been specially furnished for the occasion, and the decorations were pretty and tasteful. The Rev. G. Hogben officiated as Chairman. During the evening a welcome was extended to the Rev. F. E. Harry, the Sydney delegate to the Association meetings, who briefly responded. Short discourses upon special denomina tional practices were given by the Rev. R. M. Hunter (Wesleyan) Mr. T. W. Fleming (Presbyterian). An enjoyable musical programme was pro- vided under the direction of Mr. E. L. S. Tuck. While the guests were assembling Mr. A. L. Warren contributed pianoforte music, and later on Mrs. E. W. Oldham gave two songs, "The gift" and "Daddy." Mr. E. C. Bridgewood rendered the recit. and aria, " In native worth," from Haydn's "Creation." Miss Olding played a violin solo, and Mr. Tuck and Miss Florence Tuck as a pianoforte duet the overture "Poet and peasant." Some interesting lantern pictures were shown of Baptist Churches built during the year, accom panying descriptions being given by the minis ters. A hearty and unanimous vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Smith on the proposition of Mr. C. McMichael, seconded by Mr. N. J. Hone. A resumption was made at the Flinders street Lecture Hall on Tuesday morning with the South Australian Baptist Association meetings. The President (Mr. J. Viner Smith) occupied the chair, there being a large attend ance of delegates and others. The Rev. J. H. Sexton was appointed to act as Minute Secre tary. WELCOMES. After the roll of delegates had been called a fraternal welcome was extended to the Rev. W. T. Whitley, MA.. L L.M., Principal of the Baptist College, Victoria, and the Rev. F. E. Harry, of Sydney, the intercolonial dele gates, the Rev. A. Hyde, late of Hamilton, Victoria, who has taken the pastorate of the Goodwood Church, and the Rev. W. R. Hid dlestone, formerly of Hindmarsh, but now of New South Wales. SECRETARY'S REPORT. The General Secretary (Rev. R. Wool cock) read the annual report of the committee for the year 1892-3, the thirtieth in the history of the Association. It included the following statements:-" Fourteen committee meetings have been held during the year, with an average attendance of eighteen. Finding that the business was increasing, in the early part of the year the committee resolved to meet regularly every month. Early in May last the Rev. W. E. Rice (General Secretary) went with his family on a visit to England, the Tynte-street Church having granted him a holiday. His valuable services as General Secretary were therefore lost to the Associa tion for the remainder of the year. When the Treasurer presented his balance-sheet to the last annual meeting there was a debt of £112 18s. 6d, There is to-day a substantial credit balance. How has it come about that during this year of most exceptional monetary diffi culties tbe unprecedented amount of about £1,000 has been raised for this fund? In the last annual report the com mittee urged the Churches to adopt some systematic method of colleoting regular subsiriptions of small amounts, and remarked that ' if all our members gave one penny each per week to the Association funds that would yield £848 per annum.' Feeling that the demands upon the funds of the Asso ciation could not be fairly met without the minimum annual amount of £1,000, a resolution was passed at the last annual meeting recom mending that earnest efforts be made to raise that sum by means of contributions of one penny a week and upwards from each member of our Churches, as well as by larger contri butions. This effort was greatly encouraged by the liberal offer of several friends to give substantial donations upon the condition of the £1,000 being raised by the end of the Asso ciation year. The committee felt it incumbent upon them to do what they could to bring about so desirable a result. A Finanoe Sub committee was appointed to give special attention to this matter, consisting of the Rev. S. Mead, Treasurer; Mr. James Gray, Finance Secretary; and Messrs. N. J. Hone and G. H. Cargeeg. The suooess of the undertaking is largely due to their assiduous efforts. Grants has been made to the following Churches:— Beryl- street, Broken Hill, South and West Broken Hill, Southwark, Petersburg, Goodwood, Hind marsh, Stockport Circuit, Mount Barker, Clare, Mannum, Mount Gambier, and Knights bridge. The Rev. T. Dowding continues to be the agent of the Association in the Port Pirie Circuit. An unusually large number of ministerial changes have taken place during this year. In the early part of the year the Rev. A. Metters resigned the charge of the Jamestown, Georgetown, and Clover Hill Churches. Mr. Metters has since accepted the pastorate of the Church at Kapunda. The Rev. E. Vaughan resigned his charge of the Mannum Church, and settled at Sheffield, in Tasmania, feeling it to be his duty to seek a change of climate for Mrs. Vaughan, who had passed through a severe afflic tion. The Rev. J. Robertson has resigned his charge at Mount Gambier and accepted that of Mannum. The Rev. John Paynter, after labouring for five years at Morphett Vale, and latterly at Aldinga in conjunction with Morphett Vale, accepted a cordial invitation from Mount Gambier. The Rev. J. Sexton has resigned his charge of Gumeracha and Kenton Valley Churches, and has accepted that of Morphett Vale and Aldinga. The Gumeracha and Kenton Valley Churches have secured the services of the Rev. R. J. Henderson, who has resigned the pas torate of the Goodwood Church. The services of the Rev. A. E. Green have been lost to the denomination, he having resigned the pastorate of the Semaphore Church and entered the ranks of the Episcopalians. The members of the Semaphore Church have induced the Rev. W. Bell, M. A., to become their pastor. The vacancy thus caused in the pastorate of the Gawler Church has been filled by the Rev. D. Davis, of Orroroo. The Rev. E. Bungey, the first pastor of the Clare Church, after spend ing five years in this his first pastorate accepted the cordial invitation of the Orroroo and Blackrock Churches. The Rev. W. Dinnis has been obliged on account of failing health to relinquish the charge of the Grange Church, which, however, has been provided for by being united with Hilton, under the pastorate of the Rev. G. J. Clark. The Rev. W. Jones has t&kan; oharge of tha Kniehtsbridge Churoh. _ Asii gaits recently the Rev. 8 Fairey haa resigned the pastoral obazgeof the Paritside Chtrcoh and sooepted that of Glen Osmond. The Oborabee bow without pastors are-Clare, Parkside* thoee-of "Sorke'sPemneula Circuity Jamestown, Gsorg town, and Clover Hill. The oommHtas sincerely hope that for the sake of th» Churches themselves, as well as their paxtont tha grouping of seattered Churches will become more general in the future than in the past, and would call attention to tha by-law bearing upon this subject,, which says-* Churches making application for aid, or intending to do ao, shall be ex rioted to fall in with such plans aa the Ercoutave Committee may deem advisable for thegrouproe of Churohes nndnrone pasto rate.' Applications for ministerial work have been -received from several gentlanten, whom the committee have not seen their way to employ. .Theonly addition to our ministerial ranks during the year is that of the Rev. A. Hyde, late of Hamilton, Victoria, who hat *;ken up the pastoral work of the Good wood Cnurch. Onr denominational magasine, Truth and Progress, has continued its career as a fortnightly publication tinder the control' of the Rev. E. J. Henderson as Editor and Mr.- A. V. Mittonas publisher and business manager, together with a Board at Manage ment. Four students for the ministry have been engaged in a regular oourse of Btudies under the tuition of the Rev. S, Mead, M. A., LL.B., the Rev. W. Bull, M. A,, and latterly the Rev. 0. Bright, and have made commen dable progress in their work. Two of these Messrs. J. R. Wa!bank and E. B. Turner-win be ready to take up ministerial work at the end of the year. Mr. J. Murray has combined with his studies pastoral work in connection with the Church at Southwark, and also ceases his studies at the end of the year. Mr. H. 1!. Hughes is desirou« of continuing his work as a student for another tertn, There are several promising young men who are apply ing to the College Committee for tuition with a view to the ministry. The long-desired new Church at Mount Gambier has been ereoted, and was opened on the 8th of the present month. The Churoh at Petersburg baa bfefeik considerably enlarged, likewise that -of Bsryl Btreet, Broken HilL The Church property ' has also been enlarged at South Broken HilL Nine oiasarooms have besn erected at Alberton, and vestries at Goodwood, Mqgill, and Biackrook. The friends at Fort Fine have been able to begin the erection of their new Church, whioh they aro hopeful of being able to open free of any debt, exoept the £250 loan from the Building Fond. It is only just to tbe retiring President (Mr. J. Viner Smith) to say his year of office has been marked by an unassuming, but deep interest in the work of the Associa tion, which has shown itself in many ways, especially in his kindly words for all ana ready response to the various claims upon hii liberality. The Denominational Library haa been used rather more freeiy than in soma previous years, though not nearly to the extent it might be." Tbe report was adopted, as was also tha yearly report by the Treasurer {Rev. 8, Mead), which Bet out the receipts had bean £1,084 10s. Id. and the expenditure £865 3>. 8d., leaving a credit balance of £219 6s. 5d. STATISTICAL. TheRev. R. Wooloook presented an abatraot from the statistical table for the year ended August 31 showing that there were in tha Association 65 Churohes and 13 preaching stations. The total membership of these Churohes was 4,109, being a decrease of 19 as compared with the returns given for tbe pre ceding year. The aoinal net increase for the year was 35. Additions from the world numbered 202, as against 812 for the year Tiefore, and baptisms 148, as compared with 208 in the preceding year. Tbere bad been 109 losses by erasure, as compared with 124 for the preceding twelve months; whilst the Sunday-school teachers numbered 605 and the scholars 6,317, being respective increases of 35 and 124. The total sittings in Churches were 12,095, an increase of ?71. The amount raised for eeneral Church purposes was about £8,000, somewhat about tbe same ae last year. The amount raised for the B&pt;'st Association was £842, against £434 for the year before. There was an increase ia the value of tbe property of tbe denomina tion, which now stood at £82.858, being 61,610 more than the preceding year. Some dis cussion arose upon the Secretary's statement that some of tbe returns from Churches were irregular and not quite acourate, and it waa resolved that steps should be taken to ensnre greater accuracy. The Rev. S. MEAD presented the College report. Upon the Rbvb. W. Bell and 3. Mead had devol #ed the main work of tuition for the past seven months, assistance having been given for a time by the Rev. C. Bright, wbe had, how ever, been unable to oontinne on aocount of ill-health. It was shown that tbere was a balance ia band as regards the College Fund of £20 8a. Mr.. A. S. Nntlt, tbe Treasurer, read the financial statement of the-James White Fond, whioh set out that theeredit balance on* Au^uAt 31 was £7613s. lOd. , " As regards the building report tbe Managers stated that during tbe year under review thelast payment from tbe JnbileeFund bad been made, and tbat the fund had been merged into the Building Fund. It had been found necessary to expend an additional earn of £1,070 to meet excess requirements over lbs eam which it had been originally estimated would be needed to free the Churohes from debt. The capital, after writing off £0.625 9s, Hd. for free grants, now stood at £6,875 17k Of this amount £6,457 Ifla. 9d. was owing by Churches without interest, whilst £28616s. 3d. hod been lent to Churohes at interest. Tha Managers had during the year granted loans to Churches from the Building Fund , to this extent Of £793, in addition to the £2716*., the ]Mt payment on aooount of the Jubilee Fund;: CXOO of this amount had been lent for manas < purposes. The Managers bad, aa iar «b lay ! in their power, insisted upan«U nev*notiona j being of a substantial-nature. j Satisfactory reports were presented in oon- j Deotion with .Truth and Proprett. ; Mr. VV. NULL read the annual report of the! Aged Ministers' Relief Fond. The revenue ; bad exoeeded tthe payments by £70 5s. There were now tweaty-one minister* conn«oted with the fund, as axaineti twenty for the previous year. The endowment branch continued to . ahow a steady increase, the amount now held at credit of eleven ministers being £1,088 10s. The amount now invested on mortgage and, spread ovei nine loans was £3,C96 7s., being £720 more than last year. All the above -reportB were adopted. HID DAT ADJOBBNMEVT, &0. Luncheon was provided for the delegates by the ladies of the Flinders-street Church. The Rev. W. Bell oooapied the ohair upon the business being continued after the luncheon adjournment. INTEBOOUWIM. BAPTIST PAPEtL After adducing divers arguments in favour (ll th$ proposal the Rev. 8. MEAD gave notice of the following-motion tor next day;-"That this Association, approving of an intercolonial Baptist paper with a fortnightly issue, directs that Truth, and Progret* shall be merged therein from January !, 1894 with the proviso that a fixed proportion of the available spaoo for printed matter eh all be allotted to the charge of the South Australian Editor, and that a due proportion of loss or profit be accepted by our Board of Management, it being understood that should the scheme for an intercolonial paper not prove practicable Truth and Progress will be published as here tofore." The Rev. G. UooBBH seoonded. Details of the plan upon which it was intended to manage the intercolonial paper were given by the intercolonial delegates (the Revs. F. E. Harm, of New South Wales, and Principal WHITLEY, of Victoria), aftei which the die ouBsion was adjourned till the folio wingday. GREETINGS. The CHAIRMAN read the following telegram be had received daring the afternoon:-' " Baptist Association, Queensland, annual session. Christian greetings. God speed yau." It was resolved that a responsive greeting bs Bent to the Queensland Association. - HALF-TKABU MEETINGS. It was resolved that ttie next half-yearly meetings Bhould he held at Gawlec. ELECTION OP OFFICERS. ' The election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows:-Vice- President, Mr. G. 3. Fowler; General Secretary, Rev. G. Hogben; Minute Secretary, Rev. J. H. Sexton; Treasurer, Mr. J. R. Fowler;' Finanoe Secretary, Mr. J. Gray; Auditors, Messrs. J. S. So3tt and H. Bowen ; Board of Management of Truth and Proprett, Revs. O. Bright, G. Hogben, and 3. Mead, and Messrs. J. R. Fowler, Stow Smith, and W. Neill; Manager of Truth and Proprae, Mr. A. V. Mitton; Committee of Advice, Revs. W. Bell, G. Hogben, and S. Mead, and Messrs. G. H. Goode ana A. S. Neill-; Librarian, Mr. J. Ellis; Managers of Aged Ministers' Fund, Messrs. B. S. Wigg, G. S. Fowler, : J. Smith, W Gilbert, A. 9. Neill, and W. Neill. 'l'he choice of editor of Truth and Progrttt was left to the Board of Management1 of the paper. A hearty vote of thanks was tendered to the : retiring officers for their services. THE EVENING MEETING. ' There was a very lara attendance at the evening meeting in tbe Fiinders-etreet Lecture Hall to hear tbe addresses by tbe new Presi dent and other gentlemen. Mr. J. Vinbb SMITH, the retiring President, oooup:ed the chair on tbiB ocoaBion, and made brief re ference to his year of office, which would live in hiB memory on acoonnt of tbe good feeling and kindnesB displayed towards him by all his Church brethren. The new PRESIDENT {Rev. W. Bell, M.A.): took as the basis of his address tbe passage: " Ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost iB come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses."-Aots i. 8. God gave up Christ to die because He hated sin and loved sinners; man gave up Christ to die because he loved ein and was at enmity with God. These truths met on the Cross, and needed their witness. If-they declared the first only they might talk muoh about the wondrous love of God and the wondrous grace of Christ, bus men would not be oonstrained by either, sinoe they would not under stand the terrible nature of that whioh drew forth the riches of the Divine oompassion and forbearaaoe. Did it not «eem as though in the present day those truths in oommon needed a very clear testi mony on the part of the Church? In the course of his address lie observed-"Ideal conditions for the world will only be possible when the offenoe of the Cross oeases. This is no reason for letting abuses pass, but it isa reason for not hoping toe much from any single reform. The human heart is .o fruitful of devices, of self-enrichment, that it defies all legal barriers, and before the fruitB of one reform are reaped another becomes necessary. As citizens we have solemn duties in this respeot, but as Churohes the truth which we witness to lies deeper down. 'Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down and oast into the fire.9 Christian ideas rnuBt be kept in vital connection with Christ if they are to preserve their true meaning. Take the idea of justice. Mr. Ruskin has done _ immense service by insisting that our political economy shall be founded on the idea of justice andnotonthatof expediency. This is as it should be, only you have still to define what the idea of justioe is bi the Christain sense, and" to determine its application in oon ore te oases. And if your idea of jnstioe has not been baptised in the spirit of the Cross it is likely tu be one-sided. Itis just because the Law of Christ is of tbe spirit rather than of theletter,* thing of great prinoiples branching out from Himself rather than a massive code of regulations, that, if ws do not understand it in its root, we shall bs sure to err when we apply it to details. The first business of the Church is to proclaim that Jesus is the Messiah ; not ideal earthly conditions, but jeeus who died upon tbe Cross for men's da. And the firet appeal of the Churoh must be, sot come and enjoy the- blessings of Messiahs reign, but repent ye whose sin crucified Him. It we aot otherwise we shall be going against the order of things whioh God has graven deep in the very constitution of the world. . . . We may well ask whether even healthy measures <ef reform will avail muoh-or long if they are -not accom panied with the voice of God'a messengers sailing upon them to repeat of their ems. Gur-caesas a nation, at<the present time, is in Vomt. No one wiH deny that there are «oouoiue oauBes-whicft will account in part for the paralysis of trade and its Attendant .vila, and the attempt to remove these affords . fine field for the -Christian statesman. But if we wish to put our national prosperity on a sorer basis we must go further. When men manifest an inordinate desire to grow -rich; when numbers of our people are abandoned to pleasure, both i n its lighter-and more sensuous ?forms; when in prosperous Times so mnch ajaney « spent on personal gratification and so little in oompariaon devoted to the advanoe- ? ment of the Kingdom of God, oan w»«peat = the Messing of the Most High. - The preacher, oonteaded «hat movements >whioh had helped j the world&mrard; had been inspired by moral! ideas, for which those who espoused them were' willing to aaS in The Fori tans of the May- ! 4ower«nd the oase-ot the Reformation of the sixteenth oentury were inBtanoed, with the oosdaaion&hat; "when the Ohuroh is appealed toon behalf-of secular reform she must make j righteousness tier keynote, interpreting it; aooording to the law of Christ, as ebe is enabled by the illumination of His Spirit. . . . The Ohnroh. will do more for men in the end if she oan inspire them with nobler ideals and -strengthen the ?bre of character than ahe could accomplish were it in her power At this moment to equalize the condition of all by a redistribution of the, wealth of the world." " The Church's wit ness," it was argued, "is not only a witness to aopernatural truth, but the witness of a super-. natural life. . . . lien have ceased to ask whether Chrisblived2,000years ago, they want th know whether He is living to-day ; and the ; Ohuroh mast'be able to say-' He hath poured ' forth this which ye see and hear.* . . - The Divine3jiintiswithtisstill, fortheLordofthe ; Ohuroh haB not revoked the gift. Only we must not forget that the fipint may be bin-' dered in His manifestations through onr own fault. - If the Spiritis to have fall control of us our lives must be firmly rooted in 'he Invisible.1' Then it was pointed out that. Obrutian Ken must fearlessly Bpply th6 ? morality of Obrist to the business of the; world. That whioh oonstjtates the highest privilege and supreme obligation -of thei Church is that ebe may know and do the will of God. A vote of thanks was oarried with hearty ' aoolamation to the President for his address, whioh was listened to with marked attention. The Rev. C. F. SUITE followed with a paper on "Independence of the Ohprobee versus Central Government," arguing in favour of freeChmoh government, as such would offer better scope for individual liberty, would enable speoial local needs to be met, and enabled . stronger protest to be made against State interference with their re ! lifrious liberties. Several ministers SB well as . , laymen took part in the subsequent lengthy discussion, in the oouree of whioh strongly differing opinions were~ given expression to. Mr. N. J. HOKE, in coder to test die meeting, moved That a cnoimittee, coroJstlng ef the Bers. W. Bell, <5\. Hocben, C. Blight, and <v. Oilmour, and Messrs. 3. V. Smith, A. V. Neal.C. H. Good«, Q. 8\. ''owler, and J. T. Mellor, with power to adil, be appointed to tabu into consideration ibe possibility of our combining independence in onr Oliuiches with mora centralization of government. Mr. G. H. Cauqkeg seoonded. An amend- ? ment for the adjournment of the disoussion having been lost, the motion was oarried. The meeting then adjourned. 