THE MYSTTERY (F KA I RIIM IONI.IIRS8K, o Cir arim I. The first timo that auy one in Florence beard or saw the ~ame of Donimirakawa one afternoon in February, 1878, a the house of Mine. de Montrieu.. A lette nod card were handed Madame by I punctilibus footman who awaited orders like a wax figure. Madame was in her salon sur rounded by a few intimes-sorne fascinating ladies and as many gentlemen to bi fascinated. After glancing at the car. Madame tossed it to her cousin, Lucille d Fayette, with the observe?ion, on passant "Pretty name, n'est co pus?' Thee -she opened the letter, which was from a dis tant and distinguishel acquaintance in Mos cow. It was a polite letter of introductio presenting the sisters Katherine and Karin Donimireka, "both musicians of the rares attainments, Mile. Katherine being as fine pianist as her sister is a singer. The write recommends them to Madame's considerat attention and presents his cordial saluta tions,'" etc. "A pair of prodigies- how charming! exclaimed Madame de Montrieu, after read ing the note aloud. "A veritable novelt for my reception next week. Who brough the letter?" she asked the footman, who wa still waiting. " A young lady. She is in the reception room." " Oh-she calls at once," observed Madame " Quite unconventional, but excusable, I sup pose, with artists. Show her to the salon." The servant withdrew. and his return wa awaited with some curiosity. After a fes minutes " Mlle. Donimiraka" was announced the portiere was drawn aside and a younn . girl entered alone and rather timidly?' She had left her hat and'mantle in the ante room; which proceeding was as quaintly un conventional as the call itself. If she hac done this for effect it was certainly we] planned, for her appearance as she stood be fore the light and bright silk draperies at th door wassurprising-in fact, startling. Hei \- gown was black, her hair was black and he eyes were black. In 'contrast to this, th flesh of her face and hands was white and fine as a lily. She wore her heavy hair with out curl or wave, parted in the middle anc drawn loosely over-the brow back to the nap of the neck,where it was held in a Grecial coil. Her. gown was of satin and fitted tc perfection, but was absolutely devoid o trimming. Mlle. Donimireka advanced to wards the hostess, who arose and greeteo her in French, which language the girl spok fluently. "Artists are always most welcome in ou salon," Madame averred with much gracious ness. After her visitor was seated, and they hai exchanged a few general and 'courteous re marks the conversation became more personal "Will you appear in Florence pro fessionally ?" "Yes, Madame, that is the object of ou visit to Italy. My sister is still singing it Russia, but I come on in advarce to prepar the way, as it were, for her coming." Thes words were spoken with a pleasant smile ani .an air of confidence. " Then I infer we see before us th \- pianiste,"suggested M. de Fayetto ("Lucille' husband," as he was generally designated ii the salon). " Yes, Monsieur," she replied, without any further comment. " Will your sister soon follow you?"- en quired Madame, who had quickly seized or to the plan of having this pair of prodigies a hIer reception. " Oh, yes. I expect her in a few days." " If she in any way resembles her sister, we shall be .very happy to make her wel come," asserted the hostess cordially. Mlle, Donimireka smiled amusedly on hearing this and then explained "In that case Kariha's welcome is as sured, for we resemble each other very much S11y sister and I are twins, you know." " Oh, indeed, how interesting !" they all exclaimed. Mine. de Mhontriou was de. lighted. "You dear child; and to think you are both so gifted, how charming it must be to see and Shear you together." \- " Well, I don't knowi about that. Karini Sdoes sing wonderfully, but Ionly play." "Buthowdoes Mile. Katherine play l ay we not have an opportunity of judging ?" again augeested 3. de Fayette.. "Certainly, if you wish it. What shall I play ?" was the pronipt reply, and she im mediately went to the piano. "Do you know the Rhapsody " 'asked one complacent dowager in languid, aristocratic tones. "Yes, Madame, I know several; whicl one do you wish ?" "Oh, of course I meoan Liszt's. IMv daughtel playsit," she answered with a self-satisfied -amanner. "But Liszt has composed fifteen rhap .sodies." As the Dowager seemed unable te msake her request more definite, fimo. d( Fayette spoke up. "Oh, do give us Greig's spring song. Itis such a favorite of mine, although, of coursec it is only a trifle. I heard Plante at his las concert fairly fling it from his fingers like a feather." This last sentence was addressed more t( the room than the pianist, and conveyec the impression that Mine. de Fayetto knee exactly how the picoe should be rendered But they soon forgot Plante and everythiac else. Mile. Douimirska's playing was beautiful that her listeners were carriec away. She seemed to be describing rather than performing this idyllic song of spring Faint and far away as an evening zephyl are the first tones which glide from the righi hand. They tremble and vibrate like flutter ing leaves-a movement which continue throughout the first part, while constantl weaving in the most weird. and 'fantastio har monies. But this is only an accompani. ment to the tender, bell-like melody which the left hand carries. While by no means slow in tempo, there ii yet something languorous and amorous aboun this melody, andit is borne upon the accom paniment like the perfume of flowers upon thebreeze. The second partis more sombre -a rift of olouds across the moon, a touch ol duiillness to the atmosphere. But it is soon over, and the mellow brightness again bursts forth more glorious than before. The melody is now uppermost, and is light and fanciful as gossamer. The breeze has subsided, there is only a shadowy accompzaniment in the left hand and oeverything seems white and still, The whole piece is ethereal as a vision. \- -Soareely-had the last tone-wave subsid'ed when a short, thick-set, square-faced4 tinely. "dressed man appeared at theportiere. S"bAh ! It isa lady! Bravo ! Bravo! I always applaud the~oJadies." This was said with a smile which was supposed to be gallant. "'Ben jour, mesdames and ma chere hostess." SHe kissed Mine. de Montrieu's jewelled fingers, and all thingeindie?sted that he was a familiar guest of this salon. Every one greeted him amilingly. "We hardly dared hope. to see Count d'Omar to-day, bu]t you see, blessed are they rwho expect nothing ! " exclaimed his hostess brightly. " But what is this I hear on entering classical music instead of the latest gossip : iQaite an innovation, tobe sure." S"Oh, yes-allow me to present you to to ?le. Doniinirska." Mille. Donimirshlabowed from her place at the piano. A strange pallor had crdssed her face when the Count entered, and there came to her face a look of defiance. M. deFayette observed this and thought it was caused by the Count's first flippant remark, which so glaringly revealed his lack of musical appre -ciation. "Always happy to meet a musician," af firmed the Count ashe acknowledged the in trodunction. "Can't you give us somethin, else, Mademoiselle, somethinge gay and lively -a good, reusing valse? Do you play any dance music o" " Oh, yes, Monsieur; I can give you a dance," and before there was time for another remark or question she turned to the :instlru =neat iand played a prelude of twelve weird sad solemn notes like the strokes of a bell. -Then she leaned forward with more tension acd began to jerk and snatch from the piano (1838) a rugged, rattling valse theme, angular and spasmodic in character. " Le diable ! What do you call that piece?" asked the Count, in an aside, of Mme. de Fayette. " Your exolamation is apropos," was the ready response. "It is the ' Dance of Death,' by Saint Saens." The Count mentally decided never to start that girl on another valse. As a musical description of midnight, ghostly revelry this "Dance Macabre" has probably never been surpassed. It presents a vision of skeletons, demons and ghosts capering around open graves. The skeleton theme is always grinning and chattering, but the ghost dance is gruesome and stealthy, but never slow, they are all too hurried-the time is short from 12 to 1. And then you hear them shriek and scream, and they chase each other around the damp churchyard. Katherine's fingers themselves seemed to be demons racing over a graveyard full of white slabs and black mcnuments. But finally the dancers shuffle to their graves, the .last belated skeleton hurries to his place and the clock strikes 1. Aside from the wonder it aroused Kathe. rines playing awakened a, strange interest in herself. But there was little opportunity on this occasion for further acquaintance, as she soon and very abruptly arose to go. When she touched Mine. de Montrien's hand at parting that lady said, " By the way, ma chore, if you have come here profession ally it will be well,, you know, for you to meet some of our influential people; of course the most select of that number you have already met," and she smiled prettily towards her other guests. "But next Wednesday I give a large reception. You may bring your sister then, and I will introduce you to many of my friends." : Thus the clever, social tact of Mme. de or0zitrieu ,construed a favor desired into a favor conferred. The Russian girl thanked Madame " extremely,"' and after bowing a general adieu retired. "Funny little black thing, isn't she ?" re marked the Count. Csrtrr?n II. Mine. do Montrieu's salons looked very beautiful when decorated and thrown open for a reception. There were the two grand salons and a small one, the music-room and conservatoire, all illuminated with innumer able wax candles and perfumed by countless flowers, and Madame herself looked charming in her Paris.gown of pale green velvet, em broidered with dainty moss roses. But Madame was not happy. It was'that last uncomfortable half hour when the rooms are yet empty, but the hostess must be there ready to make welcome the unfortunate first domer-the hour when the sudden "regrets" from the most important guests are liable to arrive, and above all it is the hour when you are just weary enough to imagine all the mishaps which could mar this, your pet re ception of the season. But Madame's un happiness at present was not purely imagin ary-the usual sudden regret had arrived. "Now, who is it?" she exclaimed, with irritation, as she opened the envelope. "If it's the English Embassy I shall be furious !" It was not from the Embassy, but sladame was nevertheless very much annoyed. "It's from that little Russian pianist that is always the way with professionals you nevercan count on them !" "What is the matter with her?" asked Minme. do Fayette, who stood before one of the mirrors readjusting for the sixth time the diamond crescent in her hair. " Oh sick, of course! They are always 'indisposed'a.at the last moment." " But is the sister also ill ? Did she arrive yesterday as expected ?" persisted Lucille. " Yes, the sister is coming," Madame re plied more placidly as she read the note. " Her name is Karina, I must not forget it. But what do Iwant with one oIthem ? The novelty was in having twins-twin-prodigies ! I can always find plenty of singers. Who knows whether this Karina even sings well, and besides.there is no telling how she will appear and act-she may be riduculous !" But M-adame's expostulations were inter zripted by the sound of carriage wheels out. side and voices in the halls. The reception had commenced. Madame was smiling and gracious; everyone was smil ing and gracious. The rooms were soon bril liant and glittering with gorgeous costumes and many jewels. ' Mie. de Montneu was a hostess of admirable tact and quick percep tions. She could take in at a glance the amount of conversational ability at the com mand of eve ~ group in a room. She knew how to rout or disperse the young men who happened to be wasting their entertaining talents on each other. It. was a stupid per son indeed who ever left Imme. de Montrieu's salon with a' consciousness of having ap peared to disadvantage. She always drew out the best qualities of each verson-a greater gift this than many accomplishments. It was over an hour since the first guest had arrived. The English Embassy had come in full force; the most distinguished per sonages were already there-even Count d'0mar, who was expected late, had arrived, smiling and decorated with Russian orders. As Madame was passing her cousin at one side of the room she murmured hastily: " Will you believe it, that singer has not come yet ! She is evidently planning to arrive late and make a sensation. I know something will happen to mortify me-things are going too smoothly so far." "Perhaps that is she now," replied her cousin, and Madamo went forward to meet the new arrival. Karina Donimirska it was indeed, and MImede Montrien certainlyexperienced a sur prise, but not such as she had feared. MIlle. Donimirskla entered the room like a queen, and lookled like one. There was in lher bearing no traceg of the timidity and lack of social experience which was observable in the sister. But in form and feature their re semblance was quite marked. "I see Mine. de Montrien is not certain whether it is I or my sister," she observed with an amused smile. But a society woman never reveals much surprise. " No. I think I should have known you apart, although the likeness is very striking. But,.you see, i find it diflicult to greet you as one whom I mneet for the first time. It seems as if I know you well," and Madame verified her words by clasping KarIna's hand cordi ally. "' Then, Madame, I have reason to very thankful for the resemblance I bear to Katherine." Karina bowed as gracefully as she spoke. Mime. de Montrieu's welcome was genuine; indeed any hostess might be proud or Karina Donimirska as she appeared that afternoon. Her costuomewas superb. It was of white satin, not cream white, but a snowy, dsz zling white, and this was richly embroidered with gold. But the great effect and beauty of the costume was its trimming of Russian sable, a broad band of which outlined train and also the low-cut bodice. The dark fur against her splendid white shoulders formed a striking contrast. Her hair was dark'like Katherine's. but. was dressed more elabo rately, being drawn thigh and held in place by a gold dagger. Her eyes were also dark, but somewhat concealed by dainty gold eye glasses, which did not wobble orlean to one side, but stood erect and firm on her well shaped nose. She wore no jewel, excepting one single pearl ring of immense size. Such was the creature towards whom Mine. de Montrieu had so recently harbored un generous sentiments. No wonder she was surprised and almost disconcerted at the first sight. But her manner was now gracious ness itself. :"And your sister, isshe very ill? I so regret her absence." " Yes, Madame, I must confess that only a evere indisposition could have induced Fatherine to forego the privilege you have o kindly extended to us. I would not have oft her, but she insisted on my coming.?' "I am very glad of this," replied Madame, onestly; "it would have been too bad to ose both of you." -After a few further polite inquiries about ille. Katherine, the hostess summoned the learest standing cavalier and presented him. This haopened to be Count d'Omar, who lad been observing the new beauty ever ince her entrance. " But I believe we needno introduction-is not the charming pianist whom I had the onor of hearing last week?" He felt somewhat relieved when informed of his mistake, for in point of fact the " charming pianiste" had not attracted him, whereas this gorgeous creature commanded unqualified admiration, and it was cratifying to learn that he need not undo any first im presrions in order to now pay his devoted attentions. And devoted he -ertainly was from the first moment to the last of their intercourse. Whether MIlle. Donimireka was pleased with his attentions or not it was difficult to judge, but certain it is that she permitted them, even to the chagrin of other admirers who were apparently more desir able and suitable than the Count. Some may have wondered, but none understood why the square-faced, small-eyed, more than middle-aged and dissipated Count was far ored by such a beautiful and brilliant woman as Karina Donimiraka. When she sang all hearts were captivated. Some voices make you think of things grand and noble, like cathedrals and historic cas ties, others call up visions of the dainty and exquisite, like jewels and flowers, but this voice made you think pre- eminently and always of a bird. The quality was light and sweet and high, and her art was so perfect that every note came with bewildering ease. "' Patti miuht well envy, you," exclaimed the Count with more fervor than understand ing. As an artist, MIle Donimirska could car tainly take the highest rank- scales, arpeggi, staeatti and trills were all rendered with equal facility. " Where did you study ? Who was your master r" inquirea LIme. de Montrieu, in ecstacies. "My father, Madame, taught us every thing." "He must he a wonderfulmusician." "He was, Madame, but we have no father now." There was aring of bitterness as'well as grief in her tones, but Madame only hear d the words. (To BE CONTIruED.) 