1I FRIEND NARPHRSOIR1 ' BY AN(ELO LEWIS. I. "'You have an uncommonly etso den here, Armstrong," said my friend ?elaopherson, as he turned his chair to the 'Sto. "' And this is a capital weed. Just ona thing more, and our Elysium would be corjieeto. "And what may that lbo' I inquired. "A bottle of that wonderful old Madeira your pater used to bring out on high days :and holidays. Bat Ituposeo that's all gone "long since." " Not quite, I fancy. I brought the re inainder of the govomor's wine with me when I came here, and Imt pretty sure there was a dosen or so of thoýld Madeira. I can't say whereabouts inthoe cellar it lies, but if you'll come down and hold a candle for me, I'll see if I can lay my hand upon a bottle." "Agreed, tem. con. I'd hold a candle to amuch blanker personage than yourself upon auch an inducement." The time was about eight o'clock on a December -evening. The place, my private .ittingroomoon the first floor of the Whittle. 'bury Bank, of which I had been appointed nanageresome two years previously. Dick Mscph"rson, my visitor, was an old school fellow, who had just completed a three, yeare''tCrm of service as surgeon on H.i[S.: Orion, and pending his appointment to! another ship, had come down to spend a week or two with me at Whittlebury. Diok, w'as'aacharacter in his way. He was oone o~amed to describe himself as a thoroughbred ' %aong'rel-half Sootch, half Irish ; half sailor, bilf surgeon Though still young, being rely thirty, he was not only exceptionally skilful in his own profession, but had a "usefulamateur knowledge of several others. ?Ele was a clever mechanic, and his know bedge of ohemistry, like Sam Weller's of London, was "extensive and peoa liar." His special hobby, hoeever, was electrioity, which he maintained to be not only the light and the power but the medi cine of the future, and he was never so happy as when devising newsese:for it. He had beengreatlydisgusted, on his arrival, to find that the bank was unprovided with electrio bells, and gave me no peace until I consented to let him supply the deficiency. In vain I represented to him that electricity was an unknown force in Whittlebury. He retorted that in such ease the bank, as representing finance, thrift and other com mercial virtues, was the more bound to set an example in the ripht direction; and already, in one corner of my sitting-room, lay a collection of bells, batteries, wires and pushes, to be used in the execution of the work. The building, I may here state, had not been originally erected for a bank, but was an old-fashioned private house, which had been adapted to that purpose. The base ment consisted of four roomy vaults, ori ginally intended as oillars. Three of them, indeed, were still need for that purpose: one for coals, one for evy pivate store of wine, and one as a receptac.ln for lumber: while the fourth had ben eutrertel ilto a " strong room." The walls ati flouOr s(f the " strong room" were lined ski, ,inorete ; the arldt of the vault eased with boiler plates, andthe wooden door replaoed by a double door of wrought iron, securel by olusmiatiou locks. Within stood a couple of Stroog safes--one larue. one small-of tno moet approved con aten?tiou. 'I'hs only? dayllht admitted to the vaulttfouud its way tlhrugh fourciroular pieces of thick glees. each iin. tu diameter, let into the flooring of the room above (my private otfice), and the only access to the basement, ineludin, the strong room, was 'byspiral iron stairs leading from the same 'oem. The ground dPoor consisted of two rooms enly, the larger being t he public office of the bank, the other my private otfie, above men tioned. The latter was a small room at the rear of the building, atud haud oriunally been a kitchen. TVhen, however, the homeo was -dapted to its present purpose, the kitchen had been transferred toe the topmost floor, where also were the alpartments of the -care taker-a sturdy Irishlman namned O'Grady and his wife. There were three rooms on the intermediate floor; two being bedrooms, and the third the room in whioh we were seated on the evening of my story; I lightedacandle, and we made our way downstairs to the cellar. Aftrr some little me~rhb, we came upon a bin which I found to aontain the last survivors of the famous W1adeira. I took out a bottle, and waee just closing the cellar door, when a strange sound struck my oar First came two or three strokes, as of a hammer, bht dull, asif the -atrtking implement wae muflled in some way; then the "secrnch " of ia chisel: and finally ot dropping" sound, as of falling mortar. Whith a warning glance at Ž.1Ecphersoa, I opened the door of the strong room adjoining, and silentlv stepped insi ', The sounds were here more distiuctly audible: and we could fix with tolerablocertamtry the spot from which they proceeded, which was the lower part of the we't-hand wall. Closing the door, I led the way up the spiral stairs into my private oicoe. "What do you make of that. M?c ?" I said, as I placed the bottle on the table. " Judging by the sound, I should say someone was chipping a hole through tlhe wall, presumably to rob the bank," replied Mlaclphersun. "That is precisely my own impression. What a stroke of luck that you should have chanced to ask for that bottle of MIadeira. Well, forewarned is forearmed; we shall be ready for them. I'll just go and get my revolver, and then I'll mount guard, while you go and fetch the police." Macpherson looked at me thoughtfully. " Excuse me, old man, but wouldn't that be a little bit premature ? In the first place, it it is just possible that the sound we have heard is capable of some innocent interpre tation, and we may gee laugbed at for raising a false alarm. In the second place, if otr undereround friend is a burglar, wouldn't it be as well to let him make the case a little clearer against himself? I don't know what thickness of wall he heas to tackle, but judging by the look of the material, and the very small quantity of stuff that seems to fall after each blow, I slould fancy he hadl still a longish job before him." "That's true enourh. Tneat wall is 18in. thick, and of the tonghest concrete mode. Of course, we don't know hIow long the gentle man on the other side has been peguoing away at it, but judging from the mound, he has a good deal to do yet." "Then we need not decide anything in a hurry. Pull that nork, Geoff, and we'll see if we nan't devise some sort of trap for him. There's nothing like a glass of good wine to help the imagination." I drew the cork and fetched a glass from the cupboard. " Help yourself, jink. but you must excuse my joining you. .Nothing stronger than water will pass my lips till .;.his matter is over." " ' Every man to hisi taste," replied Dink, 'oblding the wine critieally between himself 'dnd the light, theou sipping it with reveren \- tial gusto. " I work best on this sort of thing. Now to returnm to the business in hand. I would much rather capture this gentlemeua, if we can, witlhout calhlng in the police till we are ready to hand himover to them." " So would I, if I were under no personal responsibility. But suppose our plans failed andthebank was robbed ! A pretty mess I should bhe in." "No doubt you would. And it, therefore, at any moment you cease lo have perfect con fidence in our defensive arrangements, by all means call in the police at once. But I don't think you will need themn. You agree with methat there is no fear of an entrance being effected to-nilhtP" "Not the slightest, I should say. It is mere speculation, of ~ourse, but I should think the burglar has a full week's work be fire him." " Good. Then let us see, in thie firstplace, whether we can fis any probable time for the final attack. Is the bank particularly rich just now ?" "On the contrary, just now the cash in hand is lowerthan usual. But next Monday is quarter.day, and for some days after that we shall have an exceptionally large amount in hand, as a number of rents and other ac. counts are paid in about that time." "Then if, as we may assume, our under ground friend knows his business, he will endeavor to got in about a week hence. By the way. who is your neighbor on thatside?!" "A French gentleman, the Cou.t de la Roche. But, good heavens i the Count can't have anything to do with it. Why, he has Lye hundred pounds in the bank at this moment." " That sounds respectable, bhut it ?s not •onolsive. I am glad to hearit, though, for in that ease we are pretty sure to have warning of the attack. When the Count draws out his five hsndred pounds we may reakon that he has got pretty nearly through the wall." "I don't quite follow your logic." "Ibti clear enough. It is not worth anss I man's while to steal his own money; and sf bhe made the attempt, and failed, he might have trouble u getting it afterwards. 'rgo, if the Cd#fst is the culprit, he will draw it out justbefore the attempt is made." "Bat why should he have deposited it at ,Ul?" "boubtless, to disarm sapiion. But we need not take it for granted that the Count is the man. It may be some other inmate of his household. What sort of a man is the Count ?"' " A thorough Frenchmen, dark, short and stout, with a pinched-in waist, and small hands and feet. Very polite and comasli. mentary. Smokes a very expensive brand of cigars, which are got downfromLonden on purpose t-,r him. Dresses smartly, and is neverwith- .t aflower in his button-hole." " Howl'ugbaeshe beenhere?" "About ?kree, nonths, as near as I can re collect. Yes. h ., cened his aceotnt withus onthe lsetof ODt,."r., and he hadthen been in the town some tr· .. or four days. He told me that'he desires" r open u drawing account as a temporary acc,..-mo&ation;, and that he shaouldalways keep a goat balance. Under such circumstances I ac:epted him without 'esltadion." " And what family has bhe?' ":His household consists of his wife, a good-looking, 'rather ovor-firessed woman, Who speaks no English, ena a foreign sert vent, called Antoine. An old woman be longing to the towunassidtin the housework, 'bet she doesnot sleep in thehouse. Antoine is cook butler and generatfactotum." "'Whatie Antoine like?" " I should take him to be a native of the South of France. Ee'ic very dark, withcrisp black hair, coming ilow down over his fore head, and thick 'rednears, with gold rings in them Smells of garlic, and smokeseigarettes all day long." " A very. good'fanoy portrait of a French forgat. But one cau't go much by descrip tion. We shallknow Antoine better by-and bye, no doubt. 4n the meantime, thefirst thing to dois tomake surethat nobody effects an entry without our knowledge.' " Howdoynoupropose topreventit ?" " That is anasy matter. I shallrig up an electric alarm across the piece of wall they. are working on. The plant provided for our bell-hanging arrangements will be justthe thing. If you will lend me a hand, I will have it fixed in no time." We set to work accordingly. Our first task. was to fix two bells, one inmyprivate office and the -other in my bedroom, and tooarry wires from them to the strong room. So far, we were able to work at our ease, and to aonverse when necessary. Now, however, we had to deal with the very wall 'behind svhiohthe concealed workmanw',as-engaged in his felonious task. Still, with unfailing re. gularity, came, first, the tap, tap of the mallet, then the scrunchof the ohisel,-and the fall of the displaced material. As we could hear'hin so plainly, it was conceivable that he might hear us also, and we therefore had to work in absolute silenoe. I!held the candle while Msaapherson attached with sealing-wax a numberof silk thread.s, orossing the wallin various directions, and connected in some way, which I wae not '.leetriciau enough to appreciate, with the wiros of the holl+. After half an hour of'this work..Macpher son cavr me a nod of eatiseaction,' indi~ating -that all was complete.; -tand 'we returned to the office above. '" Thank goodnesR,'that:' over !" I said. " Now, will you kindly.-'explain how it worksf SI thought silk was a neonsouestuetor." " So it is." he replied. "'The principal is r just this. No part of- that "wall- can be die pla-ed withast ?arninoa rull"upan one or other of thase threads. 'IThe 'moment that happens, the cironic?i-i- completed nmeoh-ui cally and the hell-riugs. 'it's not easy to ex tslain, ~ave on lthe -spot, but I'll cunrantee that it works all'ight. By 'Jove. it is half. past twelve. EI'll 'avejuat'one'more glass of the Madoira, and'tihen. to bed, to think out my plan for oatdhing the thieves." \Ve retiredto? est,' butl for my part could not sleep. At. 'half,past two I got up, and partially dressing nysblf, - stole downstairs and paid a visit of inspection to the strong room. All wes.quist, the midnight excavator havinr apparently suspended his labors for the night. Thusesatisfied that there was no immediate daneer. I" returned to my bed, and slept soundlyrtill'"laylight. LMaupherson met me at the breakfast table with a triumphant-air. ' 'My plan is com plete," he said. '"Electricity will tell us when our thieves break through the wall, and s chemistry shall .capture them for us. Did you ever hoar of the Grotta del Cane?" " Tim name sounds familiar. Somewhere t in Italy,'isi'tic:'" t " The Grotot del Cane is a cavern near SNaples, thbe-soil of --which generates carbon aioxide, commonly called carbonic acid gas. This gas, behngheavier than air, does notdisa perse, but lies at the bottom of the cave, to a a depth of atooupleof feet or so. If you send la dos into the cavern be becomes I asphyxiated. . man can walk about upricht Swithout danger; but if he were to kneel down or stoop belot the level of the gas, he would u be a.phyiated -in like manner." ." cry -interesting from a scientific point of view. :But I don't see the connection with thief-catching." "Just 'this. I propose to turn your strong-room into -an artificial Grotta del Cane." " Much obliged to you, I'm sure. And suffocate our chief cashier or myself the first I time we go into the room!" " Not tt all. Tho gas will not be gene , rated till the thieves are .actually in the strong-room. To operate upon the safes, they must of necessity work at a low level. The gas will rise by deroees as the bottom of the cellar fills. Their only warning will be a slightdifficulty in breathing, which (if they notice it)tthey will put down to the close ness of the vault. A little later they will find that they can't breathe at all, but by t that time it will be too late, and they wil fall insensible." "'Gsod heavens! you would not kill Sthem F" S"eo.; 'my intentions are not qaite so t blooethiratyas that. We shall lugthlem onc , and bring them to life again by one or other Sof the artificialrespiration processes. First, Showever, we shall call in a policeman or two Sto look after them during conovalescence." "And where is the gan tiynanme from ?" " 'hat's very plain sailing; 1 osh'tl generate it when wanted, pro re nata, as we doctors say. In' the first place, I shall cover the floor Sof the stronuc room, to a depth of two or three inohee, with a mixture of sawdust and ordiinary.nwshingo-soaa, which is a coarse form a of sodiumn bizarbonate. I suppose you can get me half a hundredweight without any diffioulty?" " I daresay I could, but it is a queer order for a bachelor to give. MIy oilman will think I am going to do my own wash ing." " Never mind -what your oilman thinks ! Then I shall wrant half a gallon or so of rough sulphuric acid, commonly known as oil of vitriol. 'Lastly, an empty beecr or wine cask to hold'the diluted saoid, and a few yards of soft metal tubing, snuh as rasfittera use. This tubing, first pnnotured freely with holes, will be embedded in the soda and connected with the barrel. At the right moment we turn on the diluted acid, and the strong room will be half full of carbonic acid gas in ten minutes." "' Bultif you mix an acid and an alkali, won't there be a warning fizz ?" "Very little. The sound you i-ear on mixing a saidlitz powder is mainly caused by the small area-within which the efferves cenne is contined. In an open space, like the floor of a cellar, it will be barely perceptible, and I shall furtlher diminish it by sifting fine earth all over the soda, which will make all look ship-shape, while itwon't interferein the least with the chemical process. The sewduste mixed with the soda is to prevent the gash ing germinated too rapidly." " You a~cem to have worked out your scheme pretty minutely." " I have, to the smallest detail. I laid awake half the night thinking it out. The only risky element will be getting the rascal (or rascals) out of the strong room after wards. Carhon dioxide is no respecter of persons, and will knook us over as readily as a bank burglar. However, by using due caution, and holding our breathe while we have to stoop, we may venture in farenough to slip a cord round the body of each fellow, and then we can drug him out from a safe distance." I was carried away by Macpherson's en thusiaslm, and after a little further converesa tion I agreed, though somewhat against my better judgment, to let him try his pielan. He set to work at onso, and before midnight of the same day his arrangements were com. I pleted. The sulphuric acid, diluted with water to four gallons, and contained in an old wine casek, was placed in a cupboard in my private offee. The tap communioated with an indiarnbber tube, and this with I sundry lengths of coomposition pipe,perforated I at intervals, which were lying, embedded in I soda and sawdust, on the floor of the strong room. Above this was sprinkled a layer of a fine earth, restoring the floor to its ordinary crellar-like appearance. The mysterious t knocking was resumed from 8 o'olook to I a.m., but the operator did not seem to make any perceptible advance. II. Six das passed without any change'bf the situatieon save that the sound of the excava tionslte the cellar lpcame daily more audible, showeing that the intervening wall was grew ing thinner. By careful observation of the cuand we satisfied ourselves that the con cealed operator was working at a space of wall some two feet square, probably intend ing, when this was sufficiently reduced in substance, forcibly to break away the thin remaining partition. On the seventh day, however, I had a visit from the Count. He had that morning received a letter from his son, a Captain in a crack French regiment. Co oher Alphonse had been playing baccarat, it seemed, and to meet his losses the Count was compelled to withdraw for the moment the whole of his balance in the hands of the bank, though it would be replaced a few days later by remit tances from other sources. Iinstruced aclerk to see how the Count's account stood, and the balance having been ascertained, be drew a cheque for the amount and departed with the money. " The plot thickens," said Macoherson, when I told him of the visit. " lhe grand coup is in all probability for to- night." We watched accordingly. So soon as we had dined, we took up our position in my office. Our first proceeding was to cover up the bull's eyes in the floor, that no light might shine through to the vault beneath. Maophersonnext muffled the clapper of the electric alarm, so that it should gtve no sound beyond a faint tapping, sufficient to call our own attention, but not loud enough t'o be heard beyond the room in which we were. We wore felt slippers, that our footsteps might he noiseless. I had brewed a supply of- strong coffee to help to keep, us wakeful, and on the table lay a couple of revolvers, and some lengths of sash-line wherewith to bind our expected captives. O'Grady was told to hold himself in readiness to come down to us instantly on receiving an agreed signal. These preparations made. we sat down to beguile our vigil with a game of chess. At ordinary times we were very equally matched, but on this occasion Macpherson found me an easy victim. 1 could not keep 'my thoughts from wandering to the posstble issues of the coming struggle. If all went well, I had but little to gain ; whereas if-(an awful " if" that) - Macpherson's plan broke down, and the attempt at robbery sucoeeded, my career as a bank manager would beutterly blasted. At this moment I must own I heartily re gretted that I had allowed myself to be. drawn into so Quixotic an enterprise, when I might have saved myself all anxiety by placing the matter in the hands of the proper guardians of the peace, or simply reporting it to the directors. Jlacpherson, on the 'contrary, appeared to be troubled by no misgivings, and played even better than usual. "Fail!" nte said, when I suggested the possibility of snah anovent-" we can't fail: any emore than I can fail to win this game, which I undertake to do in four 'moves. Check !" I made the-best fight I could, but in four moves I was cheekmasted. I was nettled at my defeat, and deter mined that he shoeld'not satain win so-easy a victory. With a strong effort of will. I coneentrated ray whole attentio sn the game, and thener fordh played as coolly as though the l'idden enemy were a hundred miles away. We played on with varyingfortunetill'about eleven, when 'the faint "tiog" of the relectric alarm. -followed by a heavy thud in the vault beneath, wtarled us that the burglars had'nade good their entrance. "'ith a meain?rglance atme, Macopherson lighted a night-light, which stood carefully screened in one corner, and then extinguished the I lamp, leaving the -room in a dim twilight. t just suffioient'to'enable us to move about. He then remooved:the cover from one of the bull's. I eyes in the fieor,'from which a view could be I obtained of the portion of the-vault whore we a anticipated that the entrance would be y effected. A broad ray of light came up through the bull's-eye. 'Going on our knees we could see d that an oblong slab, like 'the panel of a door, had been forced from the wall, and lay in fragments on thefloor beneath. 'Inethe vault stood Antoine with his back towards us, while through the black opening left by the' Smissing masonry some other person, whom Swe conjestured to be the Count, was handing crowbars, wedges, and other burglarioue. looking implements. When all were handed in, the person on the other side began to oreep through the opening, but to our astonishment it was not the Dlump figure of theCountthat appeared, but that of amuch younger and slighter man, with fair, close-cropped hair. .We looked at each other in perplexity. Suddenly the truth flashed upoun me. " Madame, without her wig !" I whispered. Again ahead appeared at the opening. i and. aided by -his friends, the Count scrambled through, though with difficulty, for t his broad shoulders all but stuck in the a narrow opening. The burglars now pro. ceeded, by some -method which was not r quite clear 'to me, to fix sconces, holding 1 lighted candles to various parts of the wall. They made a rapid examination of the two safes, and then, without further loss of time, t the Count ,and Antoine set to work on the door of the larger, while the third man began like operations on the smaller. So soon asthey were fairly at work, Maoc pherson crossed the room containing the diluted sulphuric acid, and turned on the tap, after which he returned to his post of ob. e servation by my side. "Keep your eye on 9 that fellow working at the bottom of the " smaller safe. He is nearer the floor. The gas will reach him before it touches either, u of the other two." 'I watched, scarcely venturing to breathe, such was the intensity of my excitement. Sometenor twelve minutes 1l passed, acnd I began to fear Macpherson's plan was a failure, when-the man he ad in. o slioated dropped the tool he was using: and a ifter swaying from sidetoeside for amoment, r fell forward on hi, face insensible. His fall' Sdid not for the moment attract the attention o of his comradee, busy as they were in their own share of the work. Presently, hIowever, as the atmosphlere became more and more vitiatod, the candle lowest in position began to born less brightly, and at last the failure r of light became so marked that the "Count," Swho was workiuc at the 'upper part of the I larger safe, turned round and looked at the a candles with a puzzled air : f.nally snuffing Sthem with his fingers, as 'it hoping to cure' ' the defect in that way. Finding that his expedient had not the desired effect, he turned round again, ap parently to consult his colleagues. Meaon while, however, the noxious gas hadreached the level at which Antoine was working, and with a brief convulsive fight for breath, he threw up his arms, and fell senscleasshko the firat victim. Never had Ieeen such an ex pression of terror as came over the face of tile so.alled Count, as lie gazed on the bodies of his fallen accomplices. Already alarmed by the burning blue ofthecandles, it seemed to him, no doubt, thathis companions had been struckdown by some supernatural power. 'anio-eatricken, he made a rush for the hole in the wall, but it was toolate. In the midst of his struggles -to escape, t·he deadly gas overtook him, and he, too, fell back in sensible. ;"Notabad night's work," said Macpher. son, aloud, as herose from his knees and pro ceededto stop the flow of the acid. "Now we will ring for O'Grady, and then we must make all haste to lug the fellows out of that room. I did not bargain for three of them, and every minute the gas becomes more deadly. Remember what I told you. Venture in only jiust far enough to got a rope round your man, and hold your breath while yon stoop to do it." " O'Grady." I said, "burglarshave broken into tihe strong room, and I want you to fetch the polclae." "Bur-r.r-glare. is it?" replied O'Grady, peeping down through one of the bull's.eyes. One or two of the candles happened to have been fixed above the level which the gas had reached, and these still burned brightly, thonuh therest had long since gone out. a '"Ghost of Mloses I but they're all dead ct-r- r*rpseea !I" "Not yet." said alaopherson, but they soon will be, unless we get them out pretty quickly." "Buc how the blazes did ye kill themP I Oh, sure, it's some of them iltcrio divilmonts of Mister Macpherson's." "Never mind that now, man; hurry for t the police, antd you ashall know all about I It afterwards." Fortunately the pollce-statien was only just over the way. O'Grady started, leav ing the door opent behind him, and In a few minutes was back again, with a ser geant and two constables. Meanwhile, n Macpherson and myself had opened the e strong room, and withI some difflculty had succeeded in getting out the man nearest the door, who happened to he Antoine. " Shall we tie his hands?" I inquired. "Never mind that now," replied Maopher. e son. "He's safe enough for the time; and p maanwhile the gas is spreading. Give me he rupe again, and stand eady to pull." I handed him the rope, in which we had mad a loop about three feet in length. Care ully holding his breath he slipped this over the bodyof the next man (the sham Countess de la Roehe), and by hauling on the cord we managed to pull him through the door way. What O'Gradyhad told thesergeant 1 can. not say, but the puzzled look onhis face, as he flashed his hull's-eye on the forms of the two men lying in the passage-way outside the strong room, was most comical. "What's this, gentlemen-murder?" he inanired, looking from me to Macpherson as if uncertain which of us to " run in." "Only burglary, at present, Mr Jackson," I replied; "and there are two of the burglars for you. The other is still in the strong room, and we shall be glad of your help to get him out." "That's soon dome," said the officer, pre paring to enter. - "Stop a bit," interrupted- Macpherson; "it's not quite so easy as it looks. That room is filled breast-hsgh with a poleonous gas, which haesunocked over tlsose fellows as you see them. In the upp6r part of the room, where those candles are burning, the air is pure enough, but below that level it is suffooating. Our beet plan will be to walk in and stand three on each side of the fellow. I will call "'one, two, three!' at the word ' two,' each must dip down and lay hold of him, and at ' three lift him up and carry him out, but don't breathe while yeo are stooping, or you will be knocked over as he is. Come along, OGrady," for O'Grady, though plucky enough in a general way, had begun to back towardsthestairs, with every appearance of terror. "Is tt in there, along with thim illotric divilst Bedad, I'lllave that to my betthers. The climate's too onwholesome for the likes o' Tim 'O'Grady." There was no time to argue the point. The remainder of the party marched into the strongroom, and following the directions of Macpherson, we succeeded in getting out the remaining burglar. "Why, good gracious," exclaimed the superintendent, "it's the Count !" "Yes." I said. "the Count, and Antoine, and Madame; all three of them." " It's a big haul," said the sergeant, " and suchblackguardsdeserve all they get. linut I'm afraid you gentlemen will get into trouble for killing them." "No fear of that;" said Macpherson. "Just get them across to the look-up, and I'llcomeandbring themto life again. Will youoome over and see the fun, Armstrong ? It won't take more than half an hour or so.' "Thanks, old fellow, but not with that hole in the wall. I 'think I had better remain on the bank premises." "And I'll send a couple of men ,to look after the house next door," said the ser geant. The three insensible men were removed on stretchers: a grim procession. ltoapherson followed them to the police-station, but in stead of the anticipated half-hour, it was more than three hours before be returned, and he looked completely exhausted. "1' have had an awfulifright," he said. "The other blackguards came round in twenty minutes or so; but the young one, the abtammadame, I really thouirht he was done for. ,Ho had a lonmer dose of the gas than the other two, aud it wa- just touch and go with him. All's well that ends well, and it's been anuextremely interesting experiment from a scientifico point of view, but I really thick, the next tume I want to capture a burglar, I shall drop science and call in the police to collar him." Which is decidedly myv own intention. " The Strand Maluazine." 