AOTA PQFULL By the I?IiAheur. Sia Henry Parkes—his great sincerity ! That is a little matter to which we should pay particular attention to-day.' It is an entirely new develop ment in Sir 'Enry's pratty promiscuous political character, and it has just been discovered by that r«mfl.rJrp.hlT7' ttnfcrefcft vonrifp man. Mr. B. U. Wise. Until very recently Sir Henry hag never been sincere about anything — except the welfare of Parkes. Like Lowell's prudent politician, Sir Henry could truly say— I du believe iu boiu' this Or that, ez it may happen. One way or t'other hendiest is To ketcli the people nappia*. 1 Time after time he has caught the people nappin arid 'run the rule ' over them in his own artistic fashion, and if we do not keap very wide awake just now he will repeat the plundering perform ' arice and leave us scone broke as U3ual. Sir Henry Psrkes — his great sincerity ! How joyful that rising young Australian, Mr. Wise mu3t have iJelfc when he struck on this hitherto wholly unknown vein in the Grand Old Mauceu' vrer's composition. At the recent meeting of tho Freetrade and Land Eeform Committoe the matter of putting a tax on unimproved land values was proposed and received Sir Heary'a wan'in approval. Then Mr. Wise roae and on behalf of himself and Sir Henry and all the other new pioneers of progress declared, ' There is nothing new in this land tax proposal. The only thing new is the sincerity with which it is now de manded.' Unfortunately for this brilliant band of honest and Binoere politicians, however, Sir Henry paid a visit to Albury, and his great sincerity went bung at once. The ' hendieab ' way to catch the people of Albnry 'nappin' ' is to talk Federation to them. Down there the revised edition of the Bibie reads, ' In the beginning God made Albury and saidj Let this be the capital city of the Aus tralasian Republic' Knowing this, Sip Henry took hie test from the Albary Bible, and not only placed Federation before all things else, in the political heaven above, or the earth below, but he showed the falseness of his ' great sincerity ' by rounding on the newly^formed League and plainly asserting-—' Hi cannot say much about it. Hi do not think Hi cau adopt its platform/' And that was the miserable end of Sir Henrv ?si Parkes — his great sincerity I Mr. Wise promptly pointed out that- when Sir Henry said he was in favour of tr a tas on land* font only as forming a part of an equitable system of taxation,' he described the League's policy to 4he very letter. That, howover, baa really nothing to do with tho case at all. So long an the principals of the League consisted of Mr. « Waterspout' Reid, Mr. Wise. Mr. Ccmithera, ©nd a few others that the Grand Old Mancnuvrer could order round as he pleased, all went well. O£ late, however., the League haa been coquetting with sfcrong-necked men like M'Millan and Bruce Smith, and these jpattiea wouldn't; travel well in Sir Henry's Ministerial team at all. Sir Heniy has a lively recollection o£ the determined style in which this independent pair played lone hands , on a previous occasion, and i? they are to be en- I rolled as champions oi' the League Sic Henry v.-ill stand out and again declare, ' Hi do nob think Hi can adopt its platform.' The truth is he has but one plank in his platform, and the name of that plank is Parkes. So much for Sir 'Enry and his great sincerity. Lo;:d Baufurley, as head o? the Ulster ' Loyalist Party,' has officially informed our own Mr. J. Bone Neild that ' a bloody civil war will be the result oE the passing of the Home Rule Bill.' This is a splendid specimen of the ' Loyalist's ' great sincerity, but it is exactly what we might pspect from the patriotic ' push ' of whose members Lord Derby truly said, ' They are loyal just as far as it suits their interest and con venience.' By way oi: preparing ]£or this ' bloody civij war/' the 'Loyalists' have Btarted an Ulster Defence Fund which now amounts to .£250,000-— 07i paper. No cash worth mentioning has been forthcoming, but the splendid sum jusfe mentioned has been raised in promises payable by instal ments extending over five years ! That is a par» ticularly cautious way of starting a ' bloody cata clysm' indeed, and we can imagine how the Fathers of American Independence would have sat up and stared if George Washington had an nounced his intention of freeing his country from the British oppressor's yoke by taking up a collection of unsecured promissory notes of five years' date. Jawbone Neild and his great sincerity has been sorely tried by that Loyal traitor Lord Ran furley's urgent request to collect a few millions fiom the loyal brotherhood here and send them home at once in aid of the good cause. Unfortu nately, bis loyal Lordship doesn't seeoi to put much faith in yellow- backed p.n's., for he wants hard cash, anol that is quite a scarce commodity with us all to-day. The yellow boys showed up bravely in the flesh on the ' Glorious Twelfth,' but the other sort o£ ' yellow boys ' seem to be bs scarce a3 charity in an Orange Lodge. Perhaps our friend 'TimFogarty' will come to Loyal Ulster's aid with a cheque for J21000, or Mr. Heydon might heap coals of fire on Jawbone's bald poll by passing round the Ulster hat amongst the Jesuitical band oO St. Vincent de Paul. Mr. Netld's response to Ranfurley's call has neither been prompt nor reassuring. Personally all his time of late has boen occupied in getting out of the whirlpool of the In solvency Court, and whatever cash the Orangemen here may hold 13 urgently wanted juat now to prop up the falling walla of their revered Protestant Hall. So shaky is this noble edifice that a proposal has been made to increase the capital of the company interested ; but as there is little or no demand roi.1 the use oi: the building this suggestion cannot be of much value* The Hall was erected when Orange bigotry was at its height. Now that bigotry is as dead as the 'Eiama Ghost,' and the bitter irony of Fate may yet fix matters up eg that the Orangeman's sanctum sanctorum may be converted into a Hibernian Lodge, or a Jesuits' School, or the headquarters of the Home Rule League Com mittee. Talking of the Jesuits, an official Blue Book has jast been issued on the kanaka question, and it goes far to prove that a deal of all the trouble in the South Seas is caused by those missionaries who pay more attention to barter than to the Bible, and think .more of storing up treasures here than they do about securing golden crowns m the wre&c; Hereafter. Mission stores are described as con taining more beer in bottle and barrel than bibles, and more spirit of the brand known aa ' square face' than any other spirit supposed to be con nected with the apostolic calling. The severend gentlemen referred to abo sell powder and shot, guus that kill more behind them than in front, and clothing finery calculated to boom fche vanity oS. female flesh in the most disastrous mannec imaginable. These matters are too well known to us, but commenting on the above a London society weekly remarks—' The Blue Book alluded to says that the only South Sea missionaries who are really nealous and disinterested ars the French Jesuit Fathers. The others get sent out by the sub» scriptions of the simple in England, but we don't hear much of their comijig back ; the job is altogether too soft a one for that, and a smart; man can always retire in a r'ew years on a 3ompetoncn.' And of such io the kingdom :-{\=^-=,,finrj the missing word. I have often wondered what the Downing- sfcreefc mthorities' notions were as regards the qualifica tions necessary for a Colonial Governor. Appar s-nfcly, no special qualifications are needed for the Dosfc at all. A number of! names are shaken up in , a hat, and the first name that pops out is marked off as that of the new ruler. Anything is good enough for the ' blawstid kawlinios.' Their bueineBS lies solely in finding the official salary. Matters seem to be on the mend in this liae, however, for it appears that Governor Dnff was really sounded as io hia fitness for the office, and asked if he could drink champagne at 11 o'clock in the morning. Our worthy ruler said he could not, and was promptly informed that he would never do foie N. S. Wales, I know at least one Governor who would have returned a far different answer, and simply said, ' Can a gander stand on one leg when he's out in a hard frost ?' However^ our ' Mr. Duff' is doing very well, and, so far, the cares of office seem to sit lightly on him. An American story tells oE a lady who rushed breathlessly into a Chicago Courfc and exclaimed, ' Where's the Judge ? Find him for me aj quickly as possible, please.' ' There he is on his usual roost,' said a bystander. ' What's up now?' 'Oh, it's a very important matter in deed,*' gasped the lady. 'I've just runaway from my husband and h9'a after me not more than three streets away. I want to obtain a divorce from him for desertion before he gets here.' Judging from recent records something of a simi lar kind may soon be reported in Sydney. Judge Windeyer has become such an adept at the knofe untjing business that a wife can now throw a huBband off aa easily as she would kick away an old shoe, and some wives really do it with about the same indifference also. A dissatisfied hus band is just as easily obliged, of course, and in time the ' Hatched, Matched, and Dispatched' columns of our dailies will require a corner foe the Divorcad or ' Unhitched ' ag well. Over a hundred cases were set down for trial at the opening of the present Divorca Court sittings, and as most of the fraed ones will marry again, the future tangles in family ties will ba complicated enough to puzzle the head oi: a nail-can. Little or no consideration is Bho wn by the contending parents for their children's feelings, and for those who believe in the business it would be a8 well to abolish marriage altogether and thereby avoid the scandal caused by turning a Bolemn sacrament into a howling farce. Another trouble which is settling on the land is caused by the limited stock of surnames at the world's disposal to-day, and in this respect the Australian colonies appear to be particularly un fortunate. Not long ago a Thomas M'llwxaibh was killed by a tsamcar, and the Queensland Premier's family were busy replying- to mistaken letters of condolence, when the intereot was shifted round by the faot that one Bryan O'Loghlen, of Melbourne, had been sentenced to death for attempted murder. This was not flic Bryan, of course, bu-; it gave his political op ponents a chance to make nasty remarks, and a deal of unpleasantness ensued which might have been obviated if either the politician or the plngger had the luck to have been called De Mont movency or O'flara. Sines then a Kempsoy correspondent with a fine nose fou sniffing up the wrong tree wrote to a Sydney paper and requested to be informed a^ once if it was '? Jim Toohey, the brewer, who v,%i decorated by the Pope- for leading the Papal troops at Asprey Mount, where he got shot m the foot ?' A more awful muddle fchan that could not well be imagined, ond I venture to say that if my vigorous friend James was v/ithin kicking distance of that anxi ous inquirer he would give him stern proof that his right foot hadn't been injured to any very great extent at ' Asprey Mount ?- or any other foreign seat of war. Some idea of the terrible ' mis ' made here can be guessed from the real facts of the case, which show that the Keaips»y genius meant Aspramoate, but there were no Papal troops there at all. The leader shot in the foot was Garibaldi, aud ' Garibaldi's Englishman,' Colonel Peard, really had a soldier-servant whose name was Toohey, But it wasn't our James, for he can still do a mile in even time, and his acquaint once with battle-fields is luckily limited to South Oydney hustings and the gory plain of Moore Park. In keeping1 with the above I have cnofchoL1 newfa pepee query put by a London journalist in a pleasant way, and it simply runs as follows— ' Was it an American, an English, an Australian or an African pilgrim who on a certain great and solemn occasion, on being introduced at the Vatican, grasped Pope Leo XIEI. by both bands and cheerfully exclaimed—' I'm real glad to meet your Holiness because I knew your father, Pius IX., so well, iu fact he was a very greet friend of our family.' ' I am afraid that was an Australian pilgrim. Probably Henniker Heafcoa, or Honest John Haynos. 