WOMAN SUFFARAGE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I have read with unusual interest "Young South Australian's" letter in your issue of Saturday last. One of our sweetest British poets has immortalised an ass's foal. Who does not know the legend of "The Fakenham ghost?" If our "National Ass" breeds foals such as this one—for there is no mistaking his parentage —I shall begin to re spect our "National Ass." This foal is cer tainly made of the right stuff to immortalise himself. Unfortunately, poor youth, he is handicapped by the traditions of his species. But let us analyse his prescription for our political health. First this young territorial giant, South Australia, is to advance back wards, and take the smug-dwarf Belgium of ten years ago as her guide, philosopher, and model. At that date (1883) it appears that Belgium conferred voting power on "men who contributed to the revenue," in other words, according to Solon Copley and Solon Bosworth, men who had "a stake in the country"—the propertied vote. Also, to every man who had taken honors at a high school or college or "who could pass an examination with credit"— the privileged and leisured order. Also, "to every foreman of workshop or factory," ie., the salaried accommodating tool of the employer. We know this breed ; we have one or two samples here. "Let them confer power," says this too sagacious foal, "upon the strongest among the many." Pre cisely what the strongest have been doing for themselves —appropriating all the power and privilege to themselves. But the most pathetic bray of this wonderful foal is that our predecessors, these same "strongest," the governing classes who have signally succeeded in misgoverning, have blundered into suffering " the many" to have time and opportunity to discover that they are not, according to the gospel of the Duke of Argyle, mere "muscle" to be exploited for the ease and aggrandisement of the strongest. Hodge is rubbing his eyes, awaking to the sur prising fact that he is not all and altogether "muscle." That he has brain as well as body. "Our fatuous predecessors" have, alas, given him the franchise: and alas ! alas ! an educa tion too. He is actually beginning to guess, this man ot muscle, that he may even be the possessor of a soul. Yes, my dear "Young South Australian," "ignorance is the mother of devotion" to unworthy gods. Time was when you and those of your cult "might have extended the franchise as they thought fit." Suppose you experiment in taking it back; try it. "The Romans taught his stubborn knee to bow, but twice a Caesar could not bend him now." We women are asking simple justice. Amongst the "bleating and blethering" argu ments, so called, against our plea not one has yet attempted to prove that it is not just. Justice too long delayed has proved elsewhere an apology for lynch law, and even here our Kingston-Playford Government has given us a taste of that same Iynch law. Hurrah for pre cedent. I am, &c.;, MARY LEE. Barnard-street west, September 20, 1893. 