IN DEATH'S VALLEY. (From the ,San Francisco Chronicle.) Death Valley is known as the region of the lowest depression in the world, besides claiming the flattering appellation of being the hottest place on earth. It is also 430ft below the level of the sea. The valley is 75 miles long, and from eight to 15 miles wide. On the east the valley is hounded by the Funeral Mountains, which attain an elevation of fron 60C0ft to 8000ft, and on the west it is euclossd by the Panamint Range, which reaches a height of from 8000ft to 10,000ft. We arrived at the cntrancs or level of Death Valley, and from this point Eaw for the first time a sandstorm. When we saw it the northern part of the valley was obscured in a brownish-coloured cloud, which gradually thinned out until it crossed the entire valley. Never at any moment did it entirely obscure the sun, which looked like a mere ghost of itself. The cloud moved with great velocity in our direction, and soon advance runners or hot puffs of wind reached us. On arriving at the end of Furnace Creek wash we saw the sandstorm in the northern part of the valley. This was shortly after sunrise. The entire horizon and sky were obscured by the sand and gravel, which were buoyed in an atmosphere oppressively hot and stifling. Soon we were enveloped by a dense cloud of sand, and occasionally as a strong puff of wind came gravel and even small rocks were hurled in our faces We covered our heads with blankets, and the mules instinctively turned their tails to the wind. With all these precautions we did not escape, for my guide's face and my own became badly bruised and lacerated. In our exposed position we experienced all the fury of this desert simoom, and as the winds travelled across the alkali oink they increased in heat to such an extant that breathing became a matter of difficulty. This storm lasted two d(ys, and in all this time it was impos sible to move from our position. We had to camp here for that period, being unable to light any fires or prepare meals. Most of this time we were covered with blankets and literally starved. I never want t) undergo that ordeal again. This was in the fall. The puffs of wind were so intensely hot and suff,.cnting that they can be likenel to blasts from a furnace, and seemed to draw the very breath from our bodies. The stjrm p'led the aand around our wag gon and covered everything. Occasionally looking down into the valley, we could se a large sand auger or spout waltzing hither and thither ovwr the country, carry. ing the sand and alkali dust high into the air Though this storm was exceedingly sever s to a novice like myself, if, is incom parable to the oncs that sweep over this country in midde summer. In July or August, with the thermometer registering from. 130 ti 137 degrees in the shade, it would be impossible for any living creature to <xist in it even for an hour. After having passed Eacely through this sand storm we mntinued our journey, and I made a thornu.,h inspection of the valley. There is much of interest to be toll, but owing to the absence of much of my data and statistics I would not venture to give you a ds ecription of our observations, as many of them are based on scientific examinatiuns and tests. 