Thi elect of the pdople, or rather the aereliot of the people, will assemble i Macquarieo-street on Tuesday in order thate the present Parliament may, to ijuoto the lurid language of Sir George, i'drug its weary limbg to. the grave." Nobody will heave a sigh of regret rbhen the wad?lb epirit of the dead beeato wings its flight to the sphere of bpectral parliaments, It will be only one more laurel.loesi'ileitution gone the wainyof all. governments and all other "luman 1izd cem~osite things, But Parliament pwill be asked to do something deoioivvelbefore it gives up the ghost, It will be asked to pass the programme of the redistribution of seats, and already there are whispers to t?me effect that a number of members will Ihake in elephattile effort to de stroythe Electoral Bill. No doubt the country.els anxious for the final settle, a??mnt of this matter, but it by no means follows that the representatives are like. wise imbned with a desire to facilitate a measure which mostly points, to thPir extinction. At least, sixteen membars amre absolutely certain of defeat, becanse po provision has been made for their seturn. Of the other members it may 1i- safely aid that only two are certain Sbe re-elected. These are Sir Henry Parkes and. Mr. Slattery. No other members, under the redistributiooes, are confident of success at the coming polls. Btrihing an average, the euccessful can didates at the last general olection only buat tirp opposEBd lyg RaImr vote.! d drastio readjeetment of seats has de stroyed all calculatione, and members who were safe for re-eleootion undor the oldilaw are consciously uncertain of suo cess under the new order of things. There is a growing discontent, born of fear, of the redistributions, and many members of Parliament would welcome the defeat of the Electoral Bill. Self ,pre?ervation is the first law of many a self-seeleiog legislator, and it is well within the bounds of possibility and probability that an attempt will be made to wreck the One Man One Vote Bill. The assault will not come from the con certed action of either party. Members both of the Ministerial party and the Oppositionwill join in the general war cry. The object will be not toioust the G-overnment, but.to defeat the redistri' bution. The people of .the country must not, however, view the revuleion of feeling with alarm. It is the will of the people that the electoral law should be placed upon the Statute Book,. and no matter how members, as a whole, may feel upon the fashion i.. which their constituencies have been divided and their prospects of return diminished a sufficient number of Ministerialists and Oppositionists will insist upon the safety of the electoral legislation, As has been frequently and por. sietontly pointed out in thbsd oolumns, the coming session will be short, sharp, and deoiaeive. The programme to be plaoed before Parliament, though not seneational, will be important. When members have dealt with the readjust ment of the oonstituencies an effort will be mcde to pass the Mining on Private Property Bill. This done, finanoial formalities will be assented to, and'theu the Parliament will be as dead as Julius Cmoar, and robody will feel any sense of bcreaement, The death Jf the present Parliament will not excite any more sympathy than was evoked on the occasion.of the studden demise of the late Mr. Deeming, Members are already focusaing t.he political search-hlight on the constitu encies, This is being done quietly and surreptitiously, Representatives of such oonstituenoies as formerly returned two, three, or-four members, and whos. seats have been split up into single electo rates, are very anxious notto show their hands until they are sure. They are therefore carefully avoiding all com mnittal statements till the final moment. Members who hnve their doubts about the passing.of the redistributions are partioularly cautious not to mention the division they intend oontesting. These exhibitions of diplomaoy are amusing and edifying, The members of ,th?e Cabinet have just informed the reporters bf the Sydney daily press that no appoint ments will be made to the Upper House during the present recess. This antioi. pation of Ministerial policy was given in this jourhal three weeks ego, which goes to show that the provincial press occasionally gets ahead of the metro politan; It was pointed out at the time tha anticipation was made, that the Governmeut were anxious to nominate several elderly members of the Assembly, who have no intention ot seeking re- election, to the Council. The list ha ealrcady beeoon compiled, and readers inmay readily name the members Who are chosen for elevation. Tho Sydney Domain is known to be the safety valve of the socialistic ele ment in the metropolis. An bout spent on a Sunday afternoon in this expan eive a@ba would go a long way to con vinoe a stranger to our ashores. that no country in the wirild gives greater license to speech than New South WVales, The blood.thirsty ihsults hurled at Sir George IDibbs and Mrr. M'Millan were certainly remarkable. The most cowardly vilifications were hoeaped upon theeos Fiomin.ent puLlia men simply beceause a sheet of the most libellous nature and bearing no imprint has been suppressed. The non-regis tered paper contains the most sensational statements concerning such financial institutions as the Government savings bank, calculated to fill the minds of depositors with the most groundless suspicions and to precipitate another banking criole. The proeedings in the Domain recoil the condition of Paris immediately before the Revolution. But'the leading spirits of that fioice agitation were men of iron and eurpaeesing ability and mcstohlese eloquence, and their efforte were backed up by princes and mooh royal capital. Thea Revolutioniets wore financilly eesisted by conflioting sec tious of .he Royalists, and money is necessary before the Sydney eocialiste can do much damago. ]3cideo we belong to the phlegmatio B3ritish race and we are not likely to be, led to ilot by hare-brained egitator. It :i pro the fullest latitude of speech. It mus not be forgotton, however, that Iho same crowd which hbowled down M1r. MN'?illan on the coruing of the 6th September, shriek for freedom in tho Sydney Domain. Sir Geoorge Dibbs is right in insisting upon the authority of every citizen to be heard in his own hired hall. 