[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] ALL ALONG THE RIVER ! BY MISS BRADDON, Author of "Aurora Floyd," "Dead Men's Shoes,” “The Day Will Come, “ "Phantom Fortune,” "The One Thing Needful," &c.; &0., [ALL QUEENSLAND RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) ‘I accept your sentence, though it is severe; but I don't accept my freedom. I am your slave for a year. I shall be your slave when the year is out. I am yours, and yours alone for life. And now give me that cup of tea, Allegra, which you have not poured out yet, and let us fancy ourselves Darby and Joan.’ 'Darby and Joan,' echoed Allegra, as she filled his cup. ' Must we be like that, old and prosy, sitting by the fire, while life goes by us outside. It seems sad that there should he no alternative be- tween old age and untimely death.' ‘It is sad ; but the world is made so. And then Providence steeps elderly people in a happy hallucination. They gener- ally forget that they are old ; or at least they forget that they ever were young, and they find young people so ineffably silly that youth in itself seems despicable. But we have a long life to the good, dear love, before the coming of gray hairs and elderly prejudices.' And then he began to talk of ways and means, as if they were going to be married next week. 'We shall have enough for bread and cheese, love,' he said. 'I am better off than a good many younger sons; for a certain old grandmother in our family married with a settlement which provided for the younger branches. It is quite possible that Lostwithiel may never marry — indeed, he seems to me very decided against matrimony, and in that case those who come after us must inherit title and estate in days to come.' 'Pray don't talk so,' cried Allegra, horrified. ' It sounds as if you were speculating upon yonr brother's death.' ' On Lostwithiel's death. Not for worlds. God bless him, wherever he may be. You don't know how fond we two follows are of each other. Only when a man is going to be married it behoves him to think seriously. I shall have to talk to the colonel, remember, and he will expect me to be explicit and businesslike.' ' I hope yon don't think Martin is mercenary,’ said Allegra. 'There never was a man who set less value on money. It wouldn't make any difference to him if you had not a penny. And as for me, I have a little income from my mother, more than enough to buy frocks and things, and beyond that I can earn my own living; So you really needn't trouble yourself about me.' There was a touching simplicity in her speech, mingled with a slight favour of audacity, as of an emancipated young woman, which amused her lover, remind- ing him of a heroine of Murger's, or De Musset's a brave little grisette, who was willing to work hard for the menage a deux, and who wanted nothing from her lover but love. He looked into the bright, frank face, radiant in the fireglow, and he told himself that this was just the one woman for whom his heart had kept itself empty, like a temple waiting for its god, in all the years of his manhood. And now the temple doors had opened wide, the gates had been lifted up, and the goddess had marched to her place, triumphant and all-conquering. The clock on the mantelpiece struck 6, and the old eight- day clock in the hall followed like a solemn echo. Captain Hulbert startad up. ' So late ! Why, we have been talking for nearly two hours ! ' he exclaimed, ' and I have a budget of letters to write for the night mail. Goodbye, darling— or I'll say au revoir, for I'll think I'll walk down again after dinner and get half an hour's chat with Disney, if you don't think it will he too late for me to see him.' ' You know he is always pleased to see you — we are not very early people — and this is Christmas Eve. We were to sit round the fire and tell ghost stories, don't you remember ?' ' Of course we were. I shall be here soon after 9, and I shall think over all the grizzly legends I ever heard as I come down the hill.' He went reluctantly leaving her standing by the fire, a contemplative figure, with downcast eyes. At a little later stage in their engagement no doubt she would have gone with him to the door, or even out to the garden gate, for a lingering parting under the stars — but there was a shyness about them both in this sweet dim beginning of their union, when it was so strange to each to have any claim upon the other. ' How lightly she took the whole business,' Captain Hulbert said to himself as he went up the hill. ' Yet her voice trembled now and then — and her hand was deadly cold when first I clasped it. I think she loves me. A year ' — snapping his fingers gaily at the stars — ' what is a year? A year of bliss if it be mostly spent with her. Besides, year-long en- gagements are apt to dwindle. I have known such engagements— entered on solemnly like - ours to-night— shrink to six months or less. "Why should one linger on the threshold of a new life if one knows it is going to he completely happy?' The happy lover had not been gone five minutes when Isola came creeping into the room, and put her arm round Allegra's neck and kissed her flush cheek. ' Why, Isa, where have you been hiding all this evening ? ' ' I had fallen asleep in my room, just half an hour before tea, and when I awoke it was five o'clock and Lottchen told me you and Captain Hulbert were in the drawing-room. And as I know you two have always so much to talk about, I thought I wouldn't disturb you, so I let Lottchen make tea for me in the nursery, and I stayed there to play with baby. And here you are all alone in the dark.' , ' Oh, we had the firelight— Parker forgot to bring the lamp.' 'And you forgot to ring for it,' said Isola, going over to the bow window, and drawing back a curtain. What a lovely sky. Who would think it was Christmas time?' The moon was in her second quarter, shining brilliantly, in the deep purple of a sky almost without a cloud. 'Will you put on your hat and jacket and come for a stroll in the garden, Isa ?' asked Allegra. ' It is a mild, dry night, and I don't think the air can hurt you.' ' Hurt me ! It will do me all the good in the world. Yes, I shall be ready in- a moment.' They went out into the hall, where Allegra packed her sister-in-law carefully in a warm, fur-bordered jacket, and flung a tartan shawl round her own shoulders. Then they went out into the garden, and to the lawn by the river. The moon was shining on the running water, brightly, coldly clear, while the meadows on the opposite bank were wrapped in faint white mists, which made all the landscape seem unreal. 'Are you not too tired for walking here after your long day, Allegra,' Isola asked, when they had gone up and down the path two or three times. ' Tired, no. I could walk to Tywar- dreath, I could walk to the Mausoleum. Shall we go there ? The sea must be lovely under that moon." ' My dearest, it is nearly seven o'clock and you have been tramping about all day. If you are not very tired you must be very much excited, Allegra. I am longing to hear what it all means.’ ‘Are you really, now ? Do you care about it, Isola ? Can you, who are firmly anohored in the haven of marriage feel any sentimental interest in other people, tossing about on the sea of courtship ? Martin is to be told everything to- night — so you may as well know all about it now. You like Captain Hulbert, don't you, Isola?' ' I do, indeed. I like him and believe in him.' "Thank heaven. I should have been miserable if you had doubted or disliked him, He is to bevmy husband some day, Isa, if Martin approve — but not for a year, at least. Tell me, dear, are you glad?' ' Yea, I am very glad. God bless you, Allegra, and make your life happy — and free — from — care.’ She broke down with those last faltered words, and Allegra discovered that she was crying. ' My dearest Isa, don't cry. I shall think you are sorry — that you think him unworthy.' ' No, no, no. It is not that. He is worthy. He is all that I could desire in the man who is to be your husband. No, I was only thinking how completely happy you and he must be — how cloudless your life promises to be. God keep you, and guard you, dear! And may you never know the pain of parting with the husband you love — with your protector and friend — as I have known it.' ' Yes, love, but that is all past and done with. There are to be no more farewells for you and Martin.' 'No, it is past, thank God. Yet one can not forget. I am very glad Captain Hulbert has left the navy — that his profession cannot call him away from you.' ' No, he is an idle man. I daresay the time will come when I shall he plagued with him, and be almost obliged to suggest that he should keep racehorses, or go on the Stook Exchange, to occupy his time. I have heard women say that it is terrible to have a stay at home husband. Yet Martin is never de trop — but then Martin can bury himself in a book. He has no fidgety ways.' 'How lightly you talk, Allegra.' ' Perhaps that is because my heart is heavy — heavy not with grief and care, but with the burden of perplexity and surprise, with the fear that comes of a great joy.’ 'You do love him, then?' said Isola, earnestly. ' You are glad.' 'I am very glad. I am glad with all my heart.' ' God bless you, dearest. I rejoice in your happiness.' They kissed again, this time with tears on both sides; for Allegra was now quite overcome, and sobbed out her emotion upon her sister's neck, the two standing clasped in each other's arms bdside the river. ' "When I am dead, Allegra, remember always that I loved you, and that I re- joiced in your happiness as if it were my own.' ' "When you are dead ! How dare you talk like that, when we are taking you away to get well and strong, and to live ever so many years beyond your golden wedding ? "Was there ever such ingrati- tude?' The odour of tobacco stole on the even- ing air, and they heard Martin's firm tread approaching along the gravel path. Isola put her arm through his, while Allegra ran into the house, and husband and wife waked up and down two or three times in the darkness, she telling him all about the wonderful thing that had happened, ' You are glad, are you not, Martin ? As glad as I am.' ' Are you so very glad ?' ' Yes, for I know that Allegra Iovcb him, has loved him for a long time.' ' Meaning six weeks or so— allowing a fortnight for the process of . falling in love. Is that what you call a long time, Isola?' ' Weeks are long sometimes,' she an swered, slowly, as if her thoughts had wandered in another channel/ ' "Well, if Allegra is pleased I suppose I ought to bo content,' said Disney. 1 Hulbert seems a fine frank fellow, aud I have never heard anything to his dis credit. He was popular in the navy, and. was considered a man of marked ability. I daresay people will call him a good matoh for Allegra, so long as Lostwithiel remains a bachelor.' 'No one can bo too good for Allegra, and only the best of men can be good enough. If I had my own way I should havo liked hor to remain always un married, and to cure for nothing cut her nephew and you. I should have liked to think of her as always with you.' The triangular dinner party was gayer that evening than it had been for a long timo. Isola was in very high apirits, and her husband was delighted at tho ohange from that growing apathy whioh had frightened him. The ladies had scaroely left the table whon Captain Hulbert arrived, nnd was ushered into the dining-room, where Martin Disney j>iB chimney corner— the old. chimney corner of that "original Angler's Nest, which had been a humble homestead two hundred years ago.. to be continued next monday. 