"FAIRY QUEEJT" OR, Love Will Find the Way. CHAPTER XX. " the sound of that beautiful voice, the sight of that girlish face have brought back the memory of my lost darling !" " My thinking of her. or the music's strain, Or something which never will be ex- piUOOW) , Had brought her back from the grave again With the jasmine on her breast." It would be useless for me to try to por tray the anguish and despair which sha- dowed the lives of Colonel Leslie and Harry Holley after they had heard from the lips of Martha Meredith the sorrowful story of the She had been employed as nurse by Colo nel Leslie's brother, and it was then tnat she became the slave of the seliish woman he had wedded, nut tnat sue "... t' in the entire affair we know only too well. \- And Heaven had been swift to punish her for her sin. How those first few days of desolation passed the wretched father and bereaved lover could never telh They often wondered why they did not go mad, whenever the3" thought of the lovely girl whose life had been so short and Ueet- t ing, and their only regret day and night was : . that they had been so harsh and untorgiv- ing. Oh, how many times did they fail upon their knees, and in anguished, pleading voices ask God to blot out the past, and give | them back t heir loved one once again. i But their fierce prayers were not answered, | and life went on, even though death would have been welcome. She was gone, and no matter how much they longed for her, she would never be with them again. On that never- to-be-forgotten night the | fond lover had found a tiny white satis slip- j per upon the river's brink, and close beside it a spray of orange-blossoms that only a I few hours before had graced her golden , head. Gradually the frantic griet for the lost one o-rew into a settled, gnawing pain, that ached both day and night, 11 they had found her j and buried her in the quie' old churchyard, they woulu at least have hail the comfort of i weepiug together over her grave. But the river did not give up its dead, and they were forced to be content. The loss of the young girl seemed to draw father and lover nearer together than ever, and there were times when her spirit seemed to hover over them, bringing comfort to their aching hearts. The summer was dead, and the golden autumn suou followed it, bearing with it the hopes and dreams ol the past, anil Leslie Manor was beginning to be a dreary place. | Colonel Leslie was thinking of returning to the city, and Harry Hollev's parents were urging him to do the same, and at last the bade farewell to the scenes around which clustered so many tender yet sorrowful memories. With the,coming of the winter a new star had arisen upon the world of music in fsew York. The papers were filled with glowing accounts of her youth, her beauty, and her marvellous voice, over which the whole city was raving. The fashionable world went wild over her, but who she was, where she came from, or to whom she belonged, no one knew. It was said that the childish-looking little creature's i\ onderful voice could bring tears to the eyes of the coldest hearted, and sue was such a dainty, sad-eyed fairy that she did not appear to be more than sixteen or seventeen at the most. And it was then when the name of " La Petite" was on every tongue that Harry Hoiley chanced to meet one cf his old school chums, one afternoon, on Broadway. He had not seen Mm since the sad ending of the wedding night that was doomed to be filled with sadness and death. His name was Dick Young, and he was a frank, good-hearted fellow, and an ardent admirer of Harry. . They were always the best of friends » -i _ -a. finH voiiner WilLMJ lAKi OUiXWX v " --o man saw at a glance that liis friend was still I mourning for his lost love. He could read I it in the downcast eyes, the pule, set face, and the foreed smile with which lie greeted " Well, by Jove, Harry ! " he exclaimed, grasping tne other warmly by the hand. "I was thinking of you only a few days a<ro, and wondering what had become of I you. How and where have you been, any- way?" " Alive and well, as you can see for your self, Dick," Harry answered with a weary smile; and then he added with a sigh : " I have been at Leslie Manor with Colonel | Leslie ever since — ever since " I " There ! that will do, old man," Dick interrupted with kind abruptness. " 1 understand yon perfectly." I And locking his arm within that of his friend theyproceeded leisurely along Broad way, talking upon different subjects — anything rather than the sad past. I Oh, by the way, Harry, yon ought to go and hear La Petite co-night, bhe is simply I wonderful," Dick suddenly exclaimed. " 1 Lave heard many voices, bat not one among them can compare with hers. She is such a jittie beauty, too. Go with me to-night, my hoy, and 3Tou will never regret it.' Hairy laughed, and answered in a very listless manner. "All right, I'll go, Dick. Anything to stop tMnkiug, and, to tell the truth, 1 am rather anxious to hear the wonder sing." " You never heard her equal oefore in this world," Dick replied, with a iiush of admira-. Stun tingling his check. " Why, if yon shut your eyes when she is singing, 3'ou will fanc3 that you are in heaven." t, wrirli mfl. Harry" he said a few moments later, and the invitation was j accepted# I Alter dinner they went to the theatre I where " La Petite " 'was singing, and where they had a box for the evening. They waited impatiently for her to come .out, and at last she came. There was a I .deatb-like silence, broken only by the soft, sad wail of the orchestra, aud then a fairy- Mfce little figure in robes of misty, frost-like I lace, floated .out upon the stage, scarcel3 I seeming to touch the floor with her tin3' feet. I A low, tremulous istrain, vibrant with the heart's emotions, filled the air, gradually growing strong and clear, until at last it seemed to float up to heaven and die away in silence among the listening angels. | Oh, what a voice ! Garry Holley leaned j eagerly forward, his eyes fastened upon the beautiful face, his breath coming thick anil fast through his parted lips. He could feel every vein in his body tbrill, aud it was all he could do to restrain Mmself from crying out that she was so much like his lost love — so much like her ! Hot a suuna disturbed the death-like silence that hovered over that vast throng. i?eople sat spellbound, and it was indeed a istauge sight to witness the frail young giri .rebel in white, her graceful head crowned Jay a mass or snore, oars, currs, riurumg i ibreathlessand fascinated hundreds of men I :and women simply by her wondrous voice. I A storm of applause greeted her when the I tw was finished, and bowing ami smiling shekissed her dainty hands to her many ad mirers, and tripped from the stage. ' With a long- drawn sigh of ecstasy, Dick lYona®: turned to Harry, saying : " The«s, what did 1 tell you 2 What do -you tMnk of her 2" She is simply divine, Harry answered ; -"land but for the dark hair I could swear that fit was my poor, lost Queen je. Oh, how much | .drm reminds me of my darling J It is her -eoice, only strengthened by pain and suffer- isx" Do you know, Dick, that it is said a woman's voice never arrives at the fulness oi perfection nntil she has loved and lost. But what nonsense 1 am talking, and yet this ginger does resemble the girl I loved so pearly 1 " Yes, she is very much like her, Dick said thoughtfully. " But La Petite has dark hair, while Queenie's hair was bright golden. should know her, Harry, were 1 to see hei among a million, "There is no hope, Dick, was the sao renlv ' She is dead, aud i feel that hut for my brutal words she would be alive and well. JJut my cursed pride was the cause of it all. I had forgottea how she was tempted, poor girl, and she was so young. I can see her now as she looked the last time I saw her— the fatal night that 1 refused to forgive her. | The memory of those tearful, bine efi'cs and quivering lips as she turned to me, imploring my pardon, will haunt me to my dyiug day, I and 'hen when I refused she cast one lingev- I ing look of love and sorrew upon me, and slowly left the room, the snowy bridal veil I hiding her lovely face, and that, Dick, was | the list time I ever saw her !" I "It- is too sad to talk about, old man." I Dick said, slowly, wondering hnv be could cheei him. " We all make mistakes, and we I woull all do differently were we allowed to live ilU1' lives over again." I ' fiat to-night as I listened to La Pctite's sing»g 1 fancied that my love was near me." Harrv whispered, wiping the great drops from' o2 bis brow. " Tbe sound of that voice, the sight of that faee, brought back the memory of my lost darling, and my heart is breaking for her !" I The low wail of the orchestra kept time to his sid words, and as he was about to speak, I Dick leaned forward, saying excitedl3T : I XUUj u<Lu.iiig xicx uj-urv. she comes. She will sing again. Hear them cheer her." _ The applause was deafening, and m the midst- of it she appeared, a smile wreathing her red lips, and then she commenced her second song. ; ' CHAPTER XXI. their eyes met and a thrill went through both hearts. "The future holding joys to still my pain, Has yet no power te wreathe my heart in smiles; I cannot look beyond the present woe, _ I have no thought, but that m3r love is gone." , ,. . She raised her e3res, and as she did so her "lance rested upon the two young men in the box. Not a muscle quivered, but, swellin" her throat she commenced a nlaintive song, that the papers said 110 other ever sang as she. could sing it, and Harry Holley felt a passionate love that was half sorrow spring to life within his breast for the beautiful songstress who reminded him of his lost love. Her voice I thrilled liiui tiivougu aiiu t-uiuuDu, uj lie could not say. There we tears m many eyes. Ob, how she sung that last song on that ill- fated night! One there was who sat motionless, en tranced, his eyes fastened upon the peerless face, while the words were engraved upon his brain forever : tt .\hi if mv love would come once more, Aud smile as he was wont of 3'Ore, Would take my bands within his own And breathe in love's delicious tone; ' Like some lone bird o'er land and sea, Dear heart, I've sped me back to thee ! ' How "-ildeu bright this world would be- How golden bright this world would be ! " A doubl, a word sent us apart, The word was mine — not of the heart — Oh cruel doubt, oh ! hasty word, > What boundless anguish have ye stirr d ; And yet sweet Hope oft sings to me The old, old strains so filled with glee. How "-olden bright this world will be- How golden bright this world will be ! '' j The song died away in a long-drawn, tremulous sigh, and as she bowed low before the excited throng, something compelled lier to glance up at tbe box in which the two i-oung men were sitting. What it -was slio could not say, hut she looked up and beheld the young mans ardent gaze fastened upon her. Their eves met. and a thrill went through both hearts, and yet they gave no outward 1 sirii of the passion that struggled, for life I and utterance in both their hearts. He leaned forward, and she half hesi tated, but only for a second, and reuiem- I hering where she was, left the stage. And then an awful tragedy that shocked and terrified the whole city took place. How it happened, no one could ever tell, but a few moments after " La Petite " vanished in her dressing room, a mass of I f Murine Burst tlironirh the Hulvt) ItailUjj o scenery at the back of the stage, and before anyone knew what to do, the theatre was on fire. , How it caught no one ever knew, hut, oh, the horror and agony of that night! Caught like rats in a trap the doomed creatures perished by the score, and help so near at hand. It was pitiful to hear the shrieks and moans of agony of both men and women, and eveiy now and then a pistol-shot would ring out above the hoarse roar of the flames and the shrill screams of the doomed ones, telling that some one had shot himself rather than be roasted alive. Harry Holley's first thought was of " La Petite," and with a groan of terror for the youn"- girl's safety, he sprang upon the edo-e of the box, and was about to leap down to the burning stage when Dick Young caught him by the arm, crying wildly : , . " Harry, what would you do r Are you insane?" „ _ __ , . | " Let me go, for the of Heaven, let me <r0! " he panted, struggling to free hims'elE from his friend's grasyi. " I must save her, 1 must save her! . " But you will lose your own life m the attempt, Harry ! " Dick cried in terror and disraa3'. " No man could live five minutes in that furnace. Be reasonable, and let's try to get out of here ! I fear that we are 10 A. 'woman's scream, filled with agony and despair, rang through the burning 1 building, and with an almost supeihumau effort the maddened 3'oung man gave his friend a blow that forced him to release Ms hold, aud sprang directly down on the I blazing stage, "lie is lost ! Dick xoung gaspea, starring back, and covering his face with hishands? ' He has goue to his death, and he cannot save her after all ! " And then began a fight for Ms own life. He could do nothing to help his friend, and through fire and smoke he battled his way to the open air. Ho-v lie ever lived to reach it he was never able to tell, but after beiug nearly suffocated a dozen times, with a great cry of thankful ness he founi himself in thc_street, and as he realised the awful death from which he had | just escaped, he offered up a prayer of thanks- I giving and gratinide. -When Harry Holley plunged on the burning stae "that fearful night, his Read struck a harcl" object, and he knew no "more, but lay I still and motionless at the mercy of the pitiless fire. | At last he seemed to slowly come back to I life. There were long, dark nights in which I he lived over again that fearful time, and Ms hoarse cries thai he must save her would fill ihe'air. and his struggles to arise from the I bed were fearful to witness. But one night reason returned to him, and opening his eyes, he saw his friend Dick I xoung was sitting beside him, Ms face pale I and hazard. Reaching out one hand, he was surprised at' his own weakness, and as Dick turned to him he asked faintly : Where am I, old man 2 What has happened 2 Have I teen ill?" ..A cry ,i gladness broke from Dick's lips. " Thank Heaven that you are conscious!' lie said, his eyes filling with tears, for the strong young fellow's nerves were completely shattered by his long . days and. nights of ceaseless watching at the bedside of his I suffering friend. " 1 was beginning to think you would never recover." " Ah, I remember now ! " Harry said, I passing his hand across his feverish brow, as I if to drive away the mistj that clouded his I brain— " 1 remember the fire — theawful blow, I and then darkness — darkness ! But where am 1, Dick 2 1 do not know these rooms." I " You are in my apartments, Hany," he I answered, laying one hand upon the hot | head. " You have been ill for some time | — qMte ill." . . I Suddenly JLivry btui ted, raising I himself on one elbow, asked eagerly, while I a flush crimsoned his van face : I " Was she saved, Dick ? " I Dick was silent for a moment, dreading j to answer, and Harr, seeing him hesitate, I went on ; . " Why don't you tell me, Dick ? I am not a child to be trifled with. Tell me ! " "No, Harry, she was not saved,' his friend replied, very gently. "You acted the part of a hero, hut poor La Petite His voice choked, and lie could _ say .no more. Harry grasped his arm, saying in a hoarse whisper : "Then she lost her life ; but tell me, Dick, did they find her body ? " Dick nodded, and answered, sadly : "Yes, they found her and buried her days ago. Her lovely face was burned so badly that no one would ever have recog nised her as the singer who only a few hours before was charming hundreds with her wonderful voice. Poor, pretty La Petite ! it was indeed a sorrowful ending for such a promising career ! " Harry lay back among the pillows with a sigh, and did not answer ; and from that time the name of the ill-fated singer was never mentioned between the two friends. The young man's recovery was slow, so that it was early spring before lie was really himself again, and he was but the mere shadow of the handsome and dashing student who had won pretty (fiueenie Meredith's heart nearly a year ago. I Everything rennnded him of his lost love, I and at last he resolved to go abroad and I soe if he could not forget. _ I There were tears in honest Dick Young's eyes as he clasped his friend's hand for the I last time before he sailed for England, and I in a queer, choked voice he said : , I " Good-b3'e, old man, and God bless you ! I I am sorry that you are going, but I know I it is for your own good, and I hope you I will wear a brighter and happier face when you return." I " If 1 ever do," Harry said sadly. " To tell 30U the truth, Dick, I would not care much if f never returned, for m3r life has been a complete failure from beginning to end, and sometimes I think the sooner it ends the better." "Nonsense, Harry," Dick returned. " You will be happ3' 3'ct. Mark my words for it. You are too 3'oung to give up."_ Ilarr3" shook liis head, and it was time for Dick to go ashore, and with one more clasp of tbe hand tliC3r parted. As the steamer slowly sailed out of the bay, and the city of New York gradually faded away from sight, Harry whispered to himself that he was done -vith the old life forever. From now on he would begin anew, and the old lovers, the dear old I dreams, the old ties — all were gone, all dead aud buried in the grave in which his I happiness, liis very life, lay hidden from all human c3'cs. CHAPTER XXII. after long tears. Four years have passed since the da3' that Harry Holley turned his back upon the old life, and severed the dear old tics which bound him to the sorrowful past, and his lost love. Four years spent in ceaseless longing for the girl he had loved so dearly, but alas! whose young heart he had cruelly broken. Oh, how many times he had prayed God to give him back just one hour with his darling, so that he might atone, and cast away that awful weight on Ms heart. Those 3'ears had wrought many changes in his life, and as the golden June sunshine falls in long, wavering beams upon his bowed head as he paces to and fro upon the green sloping bank that leads down to the water's edge, it does not seem possible that this grave, quiet-looking young man, with that expression of deep-settled sorrow in his davk eyes, can be the same light- hearted Harry Holley of four years ago. Young as he is, a few silver threads gleam among Ms waving hair, and there arc lines on his broad, white brow that tell of long, sleepless nights and hours of anguish and despair. " Four years ! " ' - lurmured, Ms eyes fastened upon the gleaming waters over which he had drifted with his darling. "Four years filled with longing and re morse, and yet 1 have no right to think of her— I must forget her, for I liavo a wife and child, and they have the first claim upon 1113' affection, but, oh, Queenic, my dear lost love, it might nave oegn — it might have been ! " I His e3res grew dim and mist', and a ,rreat lump arose in his throat, almost I choking liirn, and. as he raised his hand to dash asvay the tears, ashamed of his own weakness, a merry laugh sounded close beside him, and the next instant lie felt a pair- of soft roimd arms encircle his neck, a cheek was laid lovingly against his face, aud a sweet voice, that was tenderness itself, said : "AYhat are you thinking of, Harry dearest ? You look so sad and forlorn, and I really believe there are tears in j'our eyes." _ . ) It was his wife, a slender, delicate girl, whose beautiful, spiritual face made the name Lilim seem exactly suited to her. That she adored him was plainly to be seen, for the innocent, ' questioning eyes were raised to Ms with a look of love that one of the blessed saints might have -worn. And it was because of her mighty love for him that he married her. He knew that she loved him, and with out his love, her fair, young life would be made miserable. His happiness liad died- with Queenie, and the future could give him nothing. So why not make gentle Lilian Leigh, happy ? He was fond "of her, and it was only right and just. He turned to her with a smile, and taking her in his arms, kissed the red lips, saying tenderly : "I was thinking, dearest— that was all, and my thoughts were of friends who were dear to me, and are now dead." A little sigh of relief fell from lier lips. " I am glad of that, Harry, darling," she whispered, hiding her sweet face upon his breast. " 1 cannot bear to tee even the faintest shadow of unhappiness upon your dear fac." He pressed Ms lips to her forehead and she was silent for some moments. She had been his wife for a year now, and each passing day she grew dearer to him, for a man must have a heart of stone not to care for such a pure and lovely woman. She was as artless as his baby boy, and he ought to be perfectly happy, but, oh, nothing in all the great world could atone for bis lost one. His heart gave a great' leap of longing. She raised her head, and her love-lit eyes caught his in wonder. ; "I can feel- your heart throb against my own, Harry," she whispered, blushing and smiling. ' Is it love for me, dearest, that causes it to throb so fiercely 2" His only answer was to press her to his heart in a passion of remorse and anguish. He pitied Mmself, and he pitied his poor, dead love, but most of all did he pity this trusting girl who loved him so. Suddenly a little startled laugh burst from her lips, and she cried ; " Oh, Harry, how thoughtless I am ! lhad forgotten her very existence as I always do -Frtfrrofc nvnrn Mil n rr irlinn T n m tvif.Vl Vfill 1 Lncilc Clifford, my dear friend and school mate, has arrived. You know we expected her to-day, and I came out here to tell you, but 1 forget that there are other people in the world when I am with you dearest." It was a pretty compliment, and he said, laughingly : " So I am the whole world to my wife. I And now I suppose I must go with you to meet this wonderful friend of whom I have heaid so much, bat to be frank, I would much prefer to remain out here with you, pet." " Oh, Harry, you will like her," she cried reproachfully. " You cannot help it, for she is so i lovely and gracious. She is a queen among women 1" J " And she is young and beautiful, and an heiress," he went on carelessly, locking his arm within his wife's, as they walked toward the house. " And aside from that, all alone in the world. My dear, we must find her a usbaiid." ' Lucile will never marry, she has often told me so," she answered, ' and she grieves deeply yet for her kind, adopted mother, who has been dead but a little over a year." " Oh, Mrs Clifford was not her own mother, then?" he asked, somewhat sur prised, " I pevep knew that before." I "But she loved her very dearly, and she left her the entire Cliff >rd fortune, and it is a large one. Ab, who could help loving Lucile , .. He olid not like to hear that name, for it always hurt him a little, and he wished that this friend of his wife's had another name, hut whenever he thought of his lost darling it was as Q.neenie Meredith, the young girl who had won his first love, and not as Lucile Leslie, the heiress. He went slowly up the broad stone steps, his wife clinging to his arm, her sweet laughter ringing merrily out upon the balmy , summer air. > As they entered the long, cool parlor, a slender, graceful figure in robes of black came toward them, and with a laugh of triumph, Lilian said : " Here sue is, Harry. I feel that there is no need of a formal introduction, for you both ought to know each other, although Lucile did not know that I was married until she arrived. But my husband has heard me talk of you so often, Lucile, that he ought to know 3rou, and — A low, hoarse cry interrupted her. It came from the lips of her husband, and starting forward, he burst out : " Queenie, Queenie ! You alive 2 Thank God you live — you are not dead !" Like a living statue the beautiful stranger stood, her lovely face deathly white, her vio let eyes staring into Ms, horror and despair frozen in their purple depths. One hand was pressed tigbtly against her tortured heart, for she feared that if she re moved her hand it would surely stop beat- ing. " Queenie !" he panted, forgetful alike of tke world and every soul in it, " Queenie, you are not dead — you live — live — live 1" He had forgotten his wife and child. He had forgotten all save that the one he adored was before him. His dear lost love was with Mm once more. " And then she spoke, and her voice sounded hollow and awful. But she knew that she must say some thing, for ruin stared him in the faee if she did not speak, and lier dear friend, her youDg life would be ruined. She must 6pcak — she must save him. "You— 3ou are mistaken, sirl" she gasped, her heart throbbing so fiercely that she could hardly restrain herself from crying nloiul in lier woe. " You are surely mistaken, for my name is Lucile, not Queenie." Her voice died away in a low heart rending moan, anil she reeled and would have fallen to" the floor had he not sprung forward and caught her in his arms. " I — I am weak and faint, 1 have been ill," she panted, struggling to free herself from those strong arms whose clasp made her grow dizzy with memories of the past. " Lilian, please may' I go to my room aud rest a moment 2 1 will be better presently but I am so weak — so weak even yet '' " Coine and sit out here on the verandah," Lilian said, putting her arms About lier and assisting her 10 the open air. ' Why, yon are as pale as a ghost, Lucie. 1 did uot dream that you had liecu ill, dear. \ou never told me. and, of course, in your weak state Harry calling you someone who is dead wou'd naturally startle you. How your hands tremble !" " I am weak, but I shall feel better pre- sentlv," she said in queer, stifled tones. " But come out into the garden, Lilian. .1 believe 1 will recover more quickly among the roses. It was very foolish in me, but really your husbaud startled me," and she laughed nervously. " Yon poor creature," Lilian said, her eyes shining with love and pity. " Come with me and we will sit among the roses until you feel better." They seated themselves on the rustic bench among the roses, and, as Queenie lis tened to her friend's low voice, she was con- I scious of one thing only, and that was the I bitter knowledge that the man she loved so madly was separated from her by a barrier I that nothing save death could put aside, and I that barrier was her dearest, truest frieud I I Happy birds darted to and fro above her head. The summer wind sighed through the green Laves around her, and the air was heavy with the sceat of roses. It was a peaceful scene for any human eyes to rest upon, and yet to this tortured girl there was no beauty in flowers, sunlight, or bird-songs Life was at an end for her. She looked at tke happ3', smiling face of the girl beside her, and a deep and tender pity took possession of her. She was the one to be pitied most, for she was so trusting and innocent. " She shall never know a single moment's unhappiness through me," Queenie silently vowed, her heart filled to overflowing. " God bless her ! she deserves all the happiness that can be given her, and she shall have it, she shall have it 1" She put her arm around the slender waist, and, laying her cheek tenderly against the sweet one so near, said gently : " Now, Lilian, darling, tell me of your life since last we met. Of 3rour home, your hap piness, your husband and his love. Tell me all, dearest, for I thank Heaven that you are so happy, and I will pray that it may con tinue to the end." CHAPTER XXIII. "the old love was the best." Lilian looked at the beautiful face in sur- j prise, and as she beheld tbe tears sparkling in the violet eyes, she exclaimed : | » Why, Lucile, you are crying I What is it, dear? Why do you weep?" | Queenie choked back a sob, and smiling through her tears, answered tremulously : | " I am nervous and weak, and then there | is a strange and solemn gladness in finding | you so happy in your husband's love. Oh, Lilian, believe me dear, when I say that per fect happiness, such as yon know, is a rare and unusual thing in this ever-cbanging | world I" The young wife gazed into the tear-wet | face, loving wonder shining forth from her | innocent, trusting eyes. She laid her neaci on ner inenn s suuuiuer, whispering tenderly. : " I am happy, oh, Lncile, so very happy ! At times I fear that it is too perfect to last. "You are indeed blessed, Lilian, beyond all other women But you deserve it, dearest , f anyone in this wide world ever did. Oh, my true, kind friend, I rejoice with yon in your happiness. Her tears were falling thick and fast upon the bowed head, and with tears in her own eyes the fair, young wife raised lier head, asking lovingly : u Are you not happy, Lucile dear/ lou speak as though you had known sorrow, and 1 | cannot bear it, for it would not seem right for mc to be so happy and you wt etched and lonely." , T " 1 am liappv, Lilian — as as I can ever hope to be in this world, was the tremulous answer. " Yon must remember that it is only a short time since I lost my best and truest friend, and my heart is still sore and aching from the great loss. But 1 shall never be as happy, friend, as you are. Heaven has willed it otherwise, and I must be content But it gives me joy, believe me, to see you happy and content. Oh, Lilian, Lilian ! you ought to thank God every hour of your life for His goodness, indeed you I nmrht. dear." . . " I do thank Him, oh, Lncile, I do, she answered, her voice trembling with a new and saered happiness, " and I have yet more to be grateful for— I have other joys to xe- veal to you— and then you can truly say that I am blessed." , She led the way along the winding waiR, and like one in a dream her friend followed, her— up the stately stone steps, across the wide hall, and again up broad, nctuy- carpeted stairs, and then into a sunny room, where a tiny, lace- draped cot was guarded oy a white-capped maid, her cheery face all aglow with pride. , The happy young mother pushed aside me filmy lace drapery, and there, sleeping peace fully, its golden curls tossed in careless con fusion upon the pillow, lay a beautiful babe. A cry fell from the lips of the girl at ner side— a cry that even the angels must have heard and pitied— more, they must have re membered it ever after, for it came f n®1 an aching heart that knows no hope, no com fort, but with weary eyes only the loveless, dreary future. ... " Your little babe, Lilian 2' she said, in a smothered voice, ft strange awe creeping' over | her — " yours, dearest 2 I can scarcely be- lieve my own eyes." . A proud) loving laugh rippled from WT mother's sweet lips, anil bending low over her sleeping child, she said : " Is he not beautiful, Lucile? Oh, you do not know what. a source of joy he is to me ! And he has his father's beautiful, dark 03'es. I think that is one reason why 1 love him so, because he is so much like my darling. My baby is very, very precious, bat my husband comes before all others. Do you think I am wrong in that, dear Lncile ?" ._ "No, no, Lilian, you are right ; he is your husband, and you ought to love him better than anyone in the wide world. Yon cannot love him enough, my darling — you cannot be thankful enough for his love. Lethimkn'ow what he is to you — let him know that with out his love and presence you could not live, and he will love you all the more for it. Convince Mm that he is to you what the golden sunlight and the heavenly dew are to the flowers, and believe me, Lilian, his love will never cbange-Xnever, never, never 1" She liad fallen upon her knees beside the sleeping babe, and her hot tears were falling like rain upon the little face. She could not control herself any longer, and now that the flood-gates of grief were opened, they threatened to Bweep everything before them. flnltr riftrl Irnmwe evio npouflfl fnP Bf.PPnC?th and courage kneeling there beside his child, her bitter tears falling upon its innocent face. And her prayers were heard — for after a moment or two she lifted her head, and wiping away the drops of anguish,, said with a sad smile : "You must not think me weak, and childish, Lilian, but the sight of' a little, innocent sleeping babe always brings tears to my eyes 1 Heaven has indeed blessed you I Happy wife, happy young mother 1" There was no envy, no anger in her heart. Di vine pity and love for the fair young giri who was his wife, filled her soul to ovei flow ing. lint, oh, the pang, the awful sting that lierccd her quivering heart as she bent over lis ebild, remembering that once he loved her, and from the light that shone in his dark eyes when they had rested upon her face down there in the long, dim parlor, she knew that he loved her stall ! She bowed her head in mute agony, wondering why she had ever lived to see this day. And she had been so near death too, and yet she was forced to live and bear it Unto the bitter end. She felt Lilian's arm encircle her waist, and then she hoard lier say, and her voice sounded faint and far away like the strange voice one sometimes hears in dreams: " Let us go hack to the garden, Lucile. It always soothes mc to sit among the roses." Hand in hand the two friends went back to their seats under the roses, and it seemed to the heart- sick girl that the sun never shone one half so bright, orthc roses never gave out such waves of perfume as they did at that moment. - But all the beauty and brightness toiler were but ghastly mockeries. "You have never loved, Lucile," Lilian's musical voice, tremulous with happiness went on, while the dancing sunbeams re flected the tear drop of joy that shone in her eyes ; and the sorrowful smile that crept about the patient lips of the listener died awa3' unnoticed. " And so 3'ou can never realize what such love as mine means. You will never know, dear, until 3'ou have passed through those mystic gates." "' It was here among the roses that he asked me to be Ms wife. In the very spot where we are now sitting, lie came to me, and taking 1113' hand within his own, told me, in accents that I shall never forget, that he wanted me for his wife ; and, oh, the look of love and tenderness that glowed within liis dear, dark eyes." "Who can describe the emotion that filled the heart of the girl sitting there so qMetly, a smile wreathing her patient lips ? Who can know of the torture that quivered through every vein ? Who, unless one who has suffered like wise? But she did not flinch. She would bear it like the good soldier that she was, and no one would ever know how greatly she suffered. She turned her head, and was about to sp'eak, but she was saved fresh pain, for with a little cry Lilian sprung to her feet, saying reproachfully : " flh I Vinrt fnrcrnttfin all abont Harrv's saying he wished to see me before lunch. 1 will not be long, Lucile Would you like to go to your room and rest a little while now? ' "No, 1 will wait, dear Lilian, until you return," she replied evenly. " I aui not tired, and it is too pretty ont here to remain in the house. Go to your husband, and I will amuse myself here." The happy young wife da-ted like a but terfly in the. direction of the house, and Queenie was alonc-fqr it was indeed Qneenic who sat theF A ung the roses. She raised her/ . jss eyes up to the smiling sky, and a' - t burst from her lips — a moan of hu' - ache that she could smother no longer.,;- " Oh, God I" came in accents of woe from the bloodless lips. " Why must this be 2 Oh, for just one hour from the past, when I was only poor Queenie Meredith, and he was my lover, Oh, Harry, Harry, the old love was the best, dear— the old love was the best !" (To be continued)' 