Foreign Hawkers. The refusal of the licensing authorities to grant permits to a number of that strange race, which writers ia the Sydney press, through apparently some confused recol lection of biblical lore, persist in describing as the 'Assyrian,' calls attention to the Australian branch of a problem -which is at present perplexing all the world. England has now for some years been grumbling at' the incursion of Russian Jews into the East end of London ; America has been alarmed by the recent strike riots in Pennsylvania and Idaho into attempting action against the immigration of the disorderly and little civilised offscourings of the European population 5 and Australia, after having taken order with the Chinese, is now finding that it has upon its hands Syrians in a number greater than it can assimilate or than it requires. Our senior morning contemporary gives as the result of an investigation of this matter that . there are at present 1500 Syrians in New South Wales, 700 of whom have their abiding places — often of a most unsavory character — in the neighborhood of Redfern Park, whither they retire after by day pursuing their avocations as hawkers. This Syrian question — a sort of local branch of the Eastern question — is hard to deal with. Hawking is an innocent enough pursuit if the hawker be not also & anaTinnr n-n at unftOTISlflfirftA trifles. And. if he does not force his wares upon those he desires for customers, especially upon women, with violence and rudeness. It is said that the Syrians within our gates often give cause for complaint by lapses from the manner that should be characteristic of the complete hawker, and that this is above all the case in coun try districts when they visit houses from which the men of a family are absent at -work. This, however, is not the chief ob jection to these picturesque aliens. Those among them of menacing habits could be weeded out by the extra strictness about licences just adopted and by more police -vigilance. Besides the violence of the Syrians cannot be very desperate, as it is rare to find one of them convicted of any offence against good order — no one ever heard of a Syrian ' push,' at least one in modern times. But if a certain amount of what is said about threats and about women being terrified be reckoned as exaggeration, and put down to jealousy, there still remain certain sanitary and social objections to large Asiatic settlement in a country or European civilisation. The invincible tendency of the' dark skinned races for herding together without any regard for what white men consider the mini mum of decency and cleanliness, has made their own lands from fe mcte times hotbeds of infectious disease. Remembering this, it is impossible to think with complacency of the swarm of Syrians at Redfern. Such a collection of people living under the lowest conditions might in the event of an epidemic enable infection to get a .hold which would be disastrous not only to the Syrians them selves but to their neighbors of a far superior standard of habits. There is besides the question of leprosy to be taken into, account. This essentially Asiatic disease has become sufficiently manifest here for the authori ties to be justified in being sternly on their guard against anything that may tend to foster it. The social question in regard to the Syrians is connected with the sanitary one. Are these men really free, or are they virtually owned by patrons and working on a starvation -wage ? This is one of the matters that generally requires in vestigation concerning non-English speak ing immigrants of a low clasB. Revelations made at various times in London, New York, and Paris showed that poor Italian musicians, ««pecially the children, were often virtually slaves, and very cruelly treated. If the Syrians of the poorer sort are in any kind of bondage to patrons, either the bondage of oppressive contract or hopeless debt, they can never amend their style of living, and their crowded abodes -will remain plague spots. The Syrian difficulty could be to a great extent cleared up without any fresh legislation by a strict enforcement of the regulations against dirty and over crowded premises, supplementary to which there should be an inquiry as to the con ditions of immigration, and, if necessary, an act to prevent- the bringing into the country ©£ virtual slave gangs. One of those cases which sceptical minded persons at once pronounce delusion or imposture is reported from Maclean. The widow of a man who was drowned five or six months ago was living in a house which her husband had owned. Froma week or two after his death, stones and other missiles used to be nightly hurled on the roof. One night the verandah screen was set on fire. WatcheB -Were Bet of, police and civilians, but for anything they could discover to the con trary, these things were done by ic-. visible hands. The upshot of it was that the woman ~ who was the victim of this extraordinary persecution went mad, and was Bent to the Grafton Gaol for medical treatment* A reward of £10 has been offered for the convic tion of the unknown offenders. But so far not the slightest clue has been found,. Here in deed is the material for a supernatural story of the most thrilling, kind. It was probably from mpch (slighter hints that the late Mr. Le Fanu put together most of those uncanny bnt gbrfingelyH'ascmating tales to which he gave the very suggestive title of 'In a GLum Darkly,*' and which are among the vary best ghost stories ever written. ....,' In talking ot stories one ib reminded, too, that in Sir Walter Scott's .'Woodstock,** or at least in the introduction and npfes to that novel, there are some very curious accounts of phenomena witnessed in an English Manor House in the middle of the 17th century, and not very dissimilar to those which ate believed to have brought about Insanity i6 the case of the taiiarttau^awffla»B»taa«l«ui. To confine oneself, however, to the strictly common sense Bide of this matter, and leave other speculations to those interesting persons who profess to commune directly with the spirit world. It is of course very likely that the stone throwing, &e.;, was the work of some stupid, but at the same time most cruel, practical joker— or of more than one such.' It iB 'quite conceivable that such persons might, despite a strict watch, ' manage to escape observation. There is another theory which may be worth, considering — that is, that the woman herself was the agent. The insanity which she has now developed seems to- have been preceded by the symptoms common in hcipient stages of that affliction. - She is said to have appeared queer. ' For her to have done all those things which have excited so much surprise would certainly have been no more than a fit approaching madness might easily ac count for. Once more we have fact plagiarising fiction. Prom Ballarat comes a rather romantic and touching story which reads remarkably like an incident in one of Dickens's novels. A young man named Henry Nicholls gets badly injured in one of the mines, is taken to the local hospital, where he lies in a critical condition. The acci dent happened a few days before his marriage was ta have taken place, but, not to be deprived of his bride, he had the marriage ceremony performed in the hospital. As readers of 'Our Mutual Friend' will remember, Eugene Wrayburn is married to Lizzie Hexham on what is believed to be the bridegroom's death bed. But the dying man in the story recovers, and the reader is left to suppose that he and his wife live happy ever after. Let it be hoped that the true love story that now comes from Bal larat will have as happy an ending as that of « Our Mutual Friend.' The story of the old Spanish adventurer. Ponce de Leon, is a familiar one in connection with the early exploration of South Ameriea. He had heard from the Indians of a spring in the interior of the country which was possessed of wondrous virtues. 'Whoever drank of itswaters, no matter how aged, became at once rejuvenated. Forthwith the Spaniard went in search of the ' Fountains of Youth,' but with similar results to those which attended the quest of that other too sanguine visionary who, in Poe's ballad, tries to reach the land of ' Eldorado :' But he grew old, this knight so bold, And o'ei.his heart a shadow Fell, as he found no spot of ground That looked like Eldorado. However, in that part of America which divides with our own country the honor of being considered the modern El dorado — to wit California — they announce the discovering of something which if not exactly equivalent to the Fountains of Youth is about the next best thing to them. Thirteen miles from San Diego there is said to be a spring which is an infallible cure for bald ness. At least the local Board of Health has pronounced to that effect. According to some theories on the subject, as doubtless the hon. member for Glen Innes, Mr. Hutchison, will read with pleasure, baldness is most prevalent among people of superior minds, and in short the strength and vigor of their hair is in inverse pro. portion to that of their brains. The enterprising persons who have set about booming what a pan tomime punster would probably describe as the San Diego ' hair spring-,' .have evidently a very different notion as to the conditions under which brains and baldness must be allotted to the sons and daughters of Adam. . . :.. 