The New Australian Spook Society. The English opium oator begins his delight ful essay on Secret Societies with the remark that the gonoral curiosity i'olt about Free masonry and similar myateiious bodies is all expressed in the two inquiries, what it is they do, and what they do it for." Thoso two inquiries ai'e strikingly applic able to tlxo new Spook Society, which has just been formed in Melbourno under what the' modern journalist would term most learnod and distinguished auspices, inoluding Univer sity professors, doctors oi! physio, at loast one doctor of divinity, a oouplo of journalists, and several nondescript supernumeraries. For so far, the first inquiry rospeoting these associated savans must be put in the su bj unotive. "What is it they idond to do? Now, that's just the difficulty to be first got over—as one may say, the stumbling block on the tlirosbold. Remove that, and all the rest is (in nautical phrase) plain sailing. Whon setting on foot a new society, it is oloarly tlxe first essential con dition of its future successful operations to know exactly what the now society is for. What lias it been formed to do ? This simplo question, we strongly suspeot, is what Dick Swivellor would call a "stag gerer," even to tlio conclave of loai'iiod heads who have clubbed their wits to found this now Spook Club. Of course, wo are aware that they had a precedent for thoir action, The Uondon Society for Psychical Research, under the able guidanco of Messrs. Myers and (iur ney, lias long boon known as a diligont and enthusiastic hunter after all forms of weird avid wixard appearances—spooks, ghosts, hob goblins, phantoms, apparitions, spectres, rcvon anU, banshees, doppelgiingor, wraiths, at hur. f/«nun omne. .10von the humbler and homelier phantasmagoria of spirit Tappings, table turn ings, thought readings, clairvoyance, garrulous mediums, Jovitations, roudiug uuiuuuuript with tyio pit of the stomachj planehettes, and all the mysteries of the dark cabinet have not escaped their inquisitive psychical (so-called) research. By this time, in all conscience, these umnter mittiug labours ought to have led to some, it not exactly tangible, at least, visible results. Something ought to be known at this hour ot tlie day of the secrets of the prison house, wherein the impounded spirits are kept; or that strange' country beyond the earthly bourne, whence the ghost of Hamlet's father returned to revisit these glimpses of the moon; of the reality, or otherwise, of Mr. St. George Mivart's supposition that h—11 is, after all, a very jolly locality for disembodied spirits to inhabit; of Hades, and Sheol and Gehenna, their true localities and several temperatures ; and of that far-off region in infinite space, which Mr. James Smith knows so intimately, and of which, in the course of the last few thous and years (as he is never tired of telling the world) he has been a denizen at various periods of his multifarious existences, in characters varying as widely as those of an eagle and a courtier of the time of Philip the Fourth of Spain. If the council of the new Spook Society honestly wish to make a begin ning with their inquiries, they have an excel lent expert to begin upon in their owii body. Mr. James' Smith is a host in himself in this department of the ultra-supernatural, the transcendant psychical, and the gruesome in general. Some few decades ago Mr. James Smith and a select circle of male and female devotees of the new gnosticism formed themselves into a Spook Club of a strictly private kind. They held secmoes at midnight, at which they - conversed freely with all sorts and conditions of spooks, embodied and disembodied, materialised and immatorialisod. They learned all the secrets of the world beyond the jjrave. They we: taught many novel aiTjcj^yo 11 cloiafrl-dqe tri 11 es I their strange spook'' viSitbrsj'-hiicl^i^ig tl astounding doctrine 6fy4-cinc^.rnati6n(by..viirtue of which every mtwr^ucoxfi^^^multilnxde of men in turn; nay,\|^\aetuMiy',$e b^veral different individuals a\^^>nd,the.same timo, so that to say, " I am y oh,- (aiid fybi^^iro mo, and we both are somebodies utterly ft'ncl entirely different from either you or mo," is to talk (not brain-deadened nonsense, smacking of lunacy, but) admirable sound sense, true psychical philosophy, and transcendental gnos ticism of the purest kind, whatever tlxo same may moan. The world-old doctrine of Metem psychosis, or transmigration of souls, held by the Mahutnias of Thibet for the last twonty thous and years at loust, is not what the Americans call a " circumstance" when set beside this new doctrine of reincarnation. -Talk of panto mimic transformation ! Pooh ! Grimaldi him self was not'"in it " compared with those now thaumaturgists. They could turn a fellow in a twinkling into any character—-no sham re-: I presentation merely, mind you ! but the real | (Simon pure himself, from Adam, the fatlior i of the race, down to John Chinaman, the vege table hawker, at the kitchen door at that momonb. It was high jinks in the spirit world when that Spook Club was holding its mid night revels in strict secrecy you may depend ! Why, one of the initiated sitting at the tablo lias boen known to traiisfoiMn -himself from a hard-hp loafer into a little liothschikl by a single stroke of the pen ! Your truo spook hunter, aided by his attendant spooks, can per form miracles, when he is about it, compared . with which the tricks of the Indian jugglors ate but clumsy essays in sleight-of-hand? If an apology is duo to our readers for the hard words wo lxavo boon obliged to use in describing the doings of the defunct Spook Club, and of which Mr. James Smith is now the solitary survivor, wo may plead—as the Emperor Tiberius pleaded to the lioman Senate, wlien lie brought into his speech "that outlandish term, .Monopoly"--that the terms are not of our own coinage, nor drawn from our own vocabulary. The faot is that the Spook Club wo arc speaking of possessed its own special organ in the Press, 011 tilled J. he I tvu |j orlds-—not Europe and America, ho di uuclerstooc'lj'but this world of earthly lil'o and, the world 011 tlie other sido of old Charon's tuvor, oho Styx. 'This spook orgaii was writtou 111 a dialect of most barbarous jargon, horribly stuffed with, epithets of spookish origin aiul texture, and compounded oi' all sorts of plagia rised phrases from French writers on spiritism spookism, and the black arts. What these uncouth and jaw-breaking terms actually meant was, of course, known only to the initiated few within the secret brotherhood. The language looked to the eye for all the world like that heterogeneous compound of harsh consonants known to the learned as Volapuk. The Russian, the Czech, the Polish, even the Moreachian, seemed like a child's primer beside it. Anyhow, the dialect ap peared to serve its purpose for the adepts of the Spook Club, for they were able to announce with undoubting confidence, in the columns of their organ from week to week, that they alone were the wise and all the rest of the world were but fools and blind ; that all the secrets of the universe had been revealed to them ; that they had laid open to their view all the inner mysteries of the heavenly regions, and of the lower regions as well; that they were hand-and-glove alike with angels and demons ; that ghosts were their daily and nightly visitants and companions; and that the Witch of Endor, who so terribly frightened King Saul, was their familiar spirit, and had (in sporting phrase) " put them on to all she knew." Now, all these things being notoriously public facts, we should like to ask Professor Laurie and his band of associated spook hunters what more they can want, at least for a beginning to their learned researches ? What further need have they of witnossos Y One of their own number can "put them up" to all the manners and customs of spook-land; can introduce them to a largo and miscellane ous assemblage of ghosts of every varioty, from veritable spooks round to the palo and shadowy phantoms that j ust barely reveal their spectral forms in the dim religious light of haunted chambers whore tho gas is turned off all but one faintly twinkling burnor; can even introduce thorn to sepulchral images of themselves, one by one, as they severally lived and haunted grave-yards in a previous stage— aye, for that matter, in many previous stagos —of existence. lJtqbalum est. These things have' all been witnessed, and verified, scores and scores of times already ; or, if not, then tho spook organ already mentioned was ouly the lying record of a Jong sorios of frauds, forgeries, and falsifications. Here, then, is chapter and verso, day and date, for a whole Iqug chronicle of spook lore upon which the new soeiety may proceed to business at once. And there is living testi mony to fall buck upon for corroboration of if all, as wo have said. Tho sepulchral army of spirits are standing ready, so to say, each in its separate winding-sheet, to put in, every man Jaok of thom (as one may bo allowed to express it) an appearance from tho " vasty deop," or whatevor other region of tho universe they inhabit, on tho summons of Professor Laurio and his colleagues of tho Spook Society, without further question boing asked. Why, then, delay the performance any longer Y Tho show is sot, tho stage is ready, tho properties are all arranged at the side scones, the very "supers" are each in his place, the audience aro assembled, all waiting in breathless ex pectation of the thrilling soouos to follow. But where aro the actors Y How, then, Pro fessor, hurry up und let tho play bogin! Draw the curtain and show us your porfor mers! Or, at least, give us the overture, it dead march, with a ohorus of ghostly wailings, punctuated with shrill shrieks and " gaslitly" groans, as Policeman X would, say. Soo! Tho theatre is darkened; tho lights burn dimly and twinkingly ; thoro is a rush of cold air, as if from tho catacombs, blowing through tho house. All things are ready—excepting, apparently, the anticipated Spook business itself. If this prolonged suspense bo eon* tinuud for only a few hours more, the im patient public will rise and take their depar ture, complaining that " this con founded ghost of a Spook Society iojuY/ givo fhoni so muok as tho ghost of a show !" 