THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the South Aus- tralian Baptist Association were held in the Finders-street church on Tuesday under the presidency of Mr. J. Viner Smith. There was a good attendance. The Rev. F. E. Harry and Professor Whitley, of New South Wales and Victoria, were wel comed, as was the Rev. A. Hyde, of Good wood, and all replied suitably. The general report, read by the general secretary (Rev. R Woolcock), included the following:— Early in May last the Rev. W. E. Rice went with his family on a visit to England, the Tynte-street church having granted him a holiday. His valuable services as general secretary were therefore lost to the Association for the remainder of the year. The vacancy has been filled by a member of the com mittee. When the treasurer presented his balance sheet to the last annual meeting there was a debt of £112 18s. 6d. There is today a substantial credit balance. In the last annual report the committes urged the churches to adopt some systematic method of collecting regular subscriptions of small amounts, and remarked that "if all our mem bers gave one penny each per week to the Association funds that would yield £848 per annum." Feeling that the demands upon the funds of the Association could not be fairly met without the minimum annual amount of £1,000, a resolution was passed at the lass annual meeting recommending that earnest efforts be made to raise that sum by means of contributions of 1d. a week and upwards from each member of our churches, as well as by larger contra butions. This effort was greatly encouraged by the liberal offer of several friends to give substantial donations upon the condition of the £1,000 being raised by the end of the Association year. The com mittee lelt it incumbent upon them to do what they could to bring about so desirable a result. A finance sub committee was appointed to give special attention to this matter, consisting of the Rev. S. Mead, trea surer; Mr. James Gray, finance secretary; and Messrs. K. J. Hone and G. H. Cargeeg. The success of this undertaking is largely due to their assidous efforts, together with the help rendered by those gentlemen who assisted them in laying the matter before the churches, as well as to those friends who have encouraged the effort by special donations. Grants have been made to the following churches : — Breyl-street, Broken Hill; South and West Broken Hill, Southwark, Petersburg, Goodwood, Hindmarsh, Stockport circuit, Mount Barker, Clare, Mannum Mount Gambier, and Knightsbridge. The Rev. T. T. Dowding continues to be the agent of the Association in the Port Pirie circuit. An unusually large number of ministerial changes have taken place during this year. In the early part of the year the Rev. A. Metters resigned the charge of the Jamestown, Georgetown, and Clover Hill churches. Mr. Metters has since accepted the pastorate of the church at Kapunda. The Rev. E. Vaughan resigned his charge of the Mannum church, and settled at Sheffield, in Tasmania, feeling it to be his duty to seek a change of climate for Mrs. Vaughan, who had passed through a severe affliction. The Rev. J. Robertson has resigned his charge at Mount Gambier and accepted that of Mannum. The Rev. John Paynter, after laboring for five years at Morphett Vale, and latterly at Aldinga in conjunction with Morphett Vale, accepted a cordial invitation from Mount Gambler. The Rev. J. Sexton has resigned his charge of Gumeracba and Kenton Valley churches and has accepted that of Morphett Vale and Aldlnga. The Gumeracha and Kenton Valley churches have secured the services of the Rev. E. J. Henderson, who has resigned the pastorate of the Goodwood church. The services of the Rev. A. E. Green have been lost to the denomination, he having resigned the pastorate of the Semaphore church and entered the ranks of the Episcopalians. The members of the Semaphore church have induced the Rev. W. Bell, M.A., to become their pastor. The vacancy thus caused in the pastorate of the Gawler church has been filled by the Rev. D. Davis, of Orroroo. The Rev. E. Bungey, the first pastor of the Clare church, after spending five years in this his first pastorate, accepted the cordial invitation of the Orroroo and Blackrock churches. the Rev. W. Dennis has been obliged on account of failing health to relinquish the charge of the Grange church, which, however, has been provided for by being united with Hilton, under the pastorate of the Rev. G. J. Clark. The Rev. W. Jones has taken charge of the Knightsbridge church; and quite recently the Rev. S. Fairey has resigned the pastoral charge of the Parkside church and accepted that of Glen Osmond. The churches now without pastors are - Clare, Parkside, those of Yorke's Peninsula circuit, Jamestown, George town, and Clover Hill. The committee sincerely hope that for the sake of the churches themselves, as well as their pastors, the grouping of scattered churches will become more general in the future than in the past, and would respectfully call your attention to the by-law bearing upon this subject, which says— "Churches making application for aid, or intending to do so, shall be expected to fall in with such plans as the executive committee may den advisable for the grouping of churches under one pastorate." Applications for ministerial work has been received from several gentlemen whom your committee have not seen their way to employ. The only addition to our ministerial ranks during the year is that of the Rev. A. Hyde, late of Hamilton, Victoria, who has taken up the pastoral work of the Goodwood Church, and whom we are pleased to welcome among us. Four students for the ministry have been engaged in a regular course of studies under the tuition of the Rev. S. Mead, M. A., L.L.B,. the Rev. W. Bell, M.A., and latterly the Rev. C. Bright, and have made com mendable progress in their work. Two of these— Messrs. J. R. Walbank and E. B. Turner—will be ready to take up ministerial work at the end of the year. Mr. J. Murray has combined with his studies pastoral work in connec tion with the church at Southwark, and also ceases his studies at the end of the year. Mr. H. E. Hughes is desirous of continuing his work as a student for another term. There are several promising young men who are applying to the college committee for tuition with a view to the ministry. The long-desired new church at Mount Gambier has been erected, and was opened on the 8th of the present month. The church at Petersburg has been considerably enlarged, likewise that of Beryl-street, Broken Hill. The church property has also been enlarged at South Broken Hill. Nine classrooms have been erected at Alberton, and vestries at Goodwood, Magil,and Black- rock. The friends at Port Pirie have been able to commence the erection of their new church, which they are hopeful of being able to open free of any debt except the £250 loan from the building fund. It is only just to the retiring president (Mr. J Viner Smith) to say his year of office has been marked by an unassuming but deep interest in the work of the Association, which has shown itself in many ways, especially in his kindly words for all and ready response to the various claims upon his libercltty. Tbe denominational library has been aged rather more fnely than in some previous years, tncughnot nearly to tbe extent in might be, seeing fen!y &9 books h«ve h-oen lakeu out. Only tiro volumes have been added during tbe year. Tbe total number of books is 80L In the early part of the 3 ear the Uev. O. Spurgeon, son ot the late honored O. H. Spnr?eon, spent a few weeks in our city, hating come on a visit to tbe colonies for the benefit of his health. His clear and evangelical discourses and popular lectutts were well appreciated. The report was adopted. The Rev. R. Woolcock presented an abstract from the statistical table for the year ended August 31, which gave the following figures:— 55 churches, 13 preaching Btationc, 4,109 members; increase of members, 35; additions frcm the world, 202 ; baptisms, 14S; Sunday school teachers, 605—an increase of 35; scholars, increase of C7l; amount raised for general church purposes, £8,000; for the Baptist As sociation, £542; value of denominational property, £52,855. It was pointed out that come of the returns from churches "were in accurate, and ie was decided to take remedial measures. The report was adopted. The Bey. S. Me ad presented tbe progress report! of tbe college. Upon tbe Revs. W. Bell and S. Mead bad devolved the main work of tuition for the past eeven months, assistance having been given for a time by the Rev. G. Bright, who had however been unable to continue on account of illness. There was a balance to tbe credit of the fund of £20 ISa. Mr. A. H. Keill (treasurer) read the finan cial statement of the James White fund, which indicated a balance on August 31 ot £76' 13s. lOd. The building committee reported that during the year the last pa.ym.ens from the jubilee fund had been made, and that fund bad been merged into the building fund. An addi tional aim of £1,070 had been expended over the original amount estimated to free the chnrch irora debt. The capital to the credit of the fund was £0,875 175., after writing oS £b,625 as. 9d. as free grants. Of the £0,875 17s. £6,457 16s. 9d. was owing by churches without interest; whilst £28G lUs. 2d. had been lent to churches at interest. The managers of the fund had lent £7113 to churches, in addition to the £27 10s., the la&t; payment on account of the jubilee fund. One hundred pounds of this amount had been lent for manse purposes. The reports in connection with Truth and Progress were of a satisfactory character. Air. W. Neill presented the annual report of the aged ministers' relief fund. Therevenue had exceeded the payments by £70 ss. There were 21 ministers connected with the fund, as against 20 for the previous year. The En deavor branch continued to show a steady increase, the amount now held at the credit of ministers being £L,OSS 10s. The amonnt now invested on mortgage, and spread over nine loans, was £3,G9(> 75.. being £720 more than last year. After luncheon the Rev. W. Bell occupied the chair and read the following telegram, which had been received from tbe Baptist Association, Queensland, annual sessions:— —"Christian greetings, God speed." It was resolved that a responsive greeting be sent to the Queensland Association. Tbe Rev. S. Mead gave notice of motion for the establishment of an intercolonial Baptist paper. The election of officers resulted as followB:— Vice-president, Mr. 6. & Fowler; general and minute secretaries, the llevs. 6. Hogben and J. H. Sexton; treasurer, Mr. J. R. Fowler; finance secretary, Mr. J. Gray; auditors, Messrs. 3. S. Scott and H. Bonnin; board of management, the Revs. C. Bright, G. Hogben, and S. Mead, and Messrs. J. R. Fowler and Stow Smith; building fund advice committee, the president, secretary, and Messrs. M. Goode, M. Mead, and Neill; librarian, Mr. W. Ellis; aged ministers' fund committee, Messrs. E. S. Wigg, G. S. fowler, J. V. Smith, W. Gilbert, A. S. NeiU, and W. Neill. Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring officers for their past cervices. The appoint ment of managers of the building fund was left to the following Eessian, while the selection of an editor for Truth and Progress was left to the board of management. THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The lecture-hall was well filled in the even ing, when the newly .elected president delivered his address. The retiring president, Mr. J. Viner Smith, occupied the chair, and briefly referred to the work done while be was in office, which would ever be remembered by him on account of the good feeling and kindness extended to him by all with whom he was brought in contact. The Peesident (the Rev. W. Bell) took as hie theme the passage, "Ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses." (Ac* i, 8.) He said these were the words of Jesus to His Ttiwipi"' just before He ascended to Heaven. They described tbe function which the disciples were to per form on the earth, and told of the source whence they were to derive help for their difficult task. The express injunction which He gave them " not to depart from Jerusalem, but to wait for the promise of the Father" showed the supreme importance which He attached to their supernatural endowment as being the only adequate equipment for their work. It was matter for thankfulness that in our day the doctrine of the indwelling of the Holy Ghoet in believing hearts had acquired quite an exceptional prominence through huge sections of the Church. Many felt that to have Him abiding amongst them was a privi lege^ granted, cot as a reward to Christian attainment, but as a gift to eimple faith; and as a result of this Christian life had rieen under a new inspiration. The Second Book of tbe Acts described tbe descent of the Spirit and the testimony which the Dew-bom church bore under His guidance. The burden of Peter's sermon delivered on the Day of Pente cost was the one declaration that " Jesus is the Christ." This statement Peter set himself to prove in a way that would commend itself to Jewish ears, for he was addressing a Jewish audience. He appealed to their knowledge of Jesus, the man who about seven weeks before was living in that very city, and reports of whose doings were doubtless rife at that great festival. Taking care at each step to bring out the God-ward aspeot of His life and work Peter first made mention of His miracles, and the evidence of a Divine mission which these supplied. Then be drew attention to His death, charging it as a criminal act upon the Jew?, but at the came time repre senting it as not less the fulfilment of a Divine purpose. These two foots—the miracles of ■fetus and His death—were both capable of a Mtssianio interpretation according to the Old Testament Scriptures, but Peter did not go baok to the Old Testament figure of tbe Messiah till he made the startling announce ment of the resurrection of Jesus. The con clusion was irresistible, " Let all the house of Israel therefore know assuredly that God bath made Him both Lord and Christ, this Jesus whom ye crucified." The proof was a Jewish one, bub it was valid. Jesus was Christ, and thin was the substance of the churches' witness today. With the aid of the other Scriptures they were able to fill in the points which Peter in his sermon barely touched. Of course to attempt this in any thing like a complete fashion would carry them far beyond the limits of an address like this. But it might be profitable .for them to con eider what aspects of their witness most need to be emphasised in tbe tunes in which they live. In the truth that Jesus was the Maaaiaf) covered all time and stretched away on either side into eternity. This truth had saved the world many times in its stormy and perilous course. In great crises, when the strain upon the vessel was becoming intolerable, when neither sun nor stars appeared for many days, and men began to fear that after all they were created to be the sport of winds and waves, some fresh discovery of the grace and truth treasured up in the Divine Son of Man had pub new heart into struggling souls, for by the message proclaimed, He himself had drawn uear to the mariners, saying, "Beof good cheer, it is I; be not afraid." Asa portion of this church they were prepared to witness that the series of supernatural acts, in which a histori cally-manifested Christ did His great work, laid a foundation for the redemption of the worla which hell itself could not shake, and that these acts when retained in their connection with His living self supplied resources which could never fail until the times of restoration of all things. Peter in his address alluded to the death of Jesus, charging is as a crime upon the Jews, but bringing it into line with the '* determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God." The epistles of the New Testament threw light on tbe question why the death of Christ was part of God's pre-arranged plan. '* Whom God Bet forth to be a propitiation, through faith, by His blood, to show His righteousness. ... that He might Himself be just, and tbe jus tifier of him that hath faith in Jesus." These words were no mere theological statement. They embodied a doctrine, but the doctrine had in it the life-blood of Christianity, and one could not read the words without feeling that the Cross was the expression of the Divine indignation against sin. This aspeot of the truth was a keen-edged weapon in Peter's hand on the Day of Pentecost. When he contrasted the Jews' treatment of Jesus with that of God when he declared that the Jesus whom they had crucified God had made both Christ and Lord, his hearers felt the terrible gulf that yawned between God and themselves. This led them to cry out, " Brethren, what shall we do ?' The Lord's word was being fulfilled; the Spirit was convicting the world in respect of sin because they believed not in Jesus. A carefnl stady of the Gospels re vealed the fact that after tbe first blaze of ex citement created by His ministry Christ re tired more and more into private life, (■pending the time in the training of His beloved disciples for their future work. It wes clear that if Christ had chosen he might have commanded a large following and headed a revolution in the Jewish State. He might have broken the Roman yoke from the necks of His people and restored to them the land which practically they held in foe from their conquerors. He might have made it His main business to redress the wrongs which He so keenly denounced, the oppression and ex tortion practised by clans upon class among the Jews themselves. He had the power to do all this, or at least to produce the new political and social conditions which may have been deemed necessary to this end. He bad the power, yet He did not do it. Why? Because His main function was to do something far greater. "Behold the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world." They would have to gird themselves for ser vice, for out of the toils of His people God was building the holy city, New Jerusalem, which would come down out of heaven; and already the voice was sounding in their hearts whiah would one day issus from the mouth of Wim that sitteth upon the throne—"Behold, I make all things new." On the motion of the Chairman a vote of thanks was accorded the president for his address. On Wednesday the meetings of the Baptist Association were continued in the Flinders street Church schoolroom in the presence of a large audience, the Bey. W. Bell, M.A., presiding. After the preliminary business had been gone through a number of letters from the churches were read. The Bey. W. Gilmour then led a discussion on the subject— "The committee as an intermediary between our churches and our denominational activi ties." Tbe following gentlemen were elected managers of the Baptist building fund :— Revs. S. Mead, S. Faiiey, W. Bell, W. E. Rice, G. Hogben, and C. Bright, Messrs. C. H. Goode, G. S. IWler, H. Bo wen, D. W. Melvin, C. Willcox, A. S. Neill, J. V. Smith, Stow Smith, and J. F. Mellor. An interesting paper entitled " How to pro mote co-operation and fellowship with Baptists of the other colonies," was read by the Bey. J. Babkeb, who, in the course of his remarks said it was pleasant to note that already there had been considerable co-opera tion and fellowship amongst Australian Baptists of both a sentimental and practical character. To ensure an increase of this corporate action and true fellowship there would need to be a modification of theprin ciole of Congregationalism as it at present ob tained. The churches should be grouped into circuits, and the circuits formed into districts, which should be gathered into Bynods, dioceses, or presbyteries, and the whole of tbe churches in eaoh colony be united in one con ference, truly representative and possessing legislative powers. Finally there bbould be one general Australian Conference or Assembly meeting about every three years in the different capitals. The proposal for the establishment of a central college for the training of ministers had met with favor from the ministers he had communicated with. He advocated a still further extension of the pre sent partial amalgamation of their missionary societies, and in concluding epoke in advocacy of the establishment of an intercolonial deno minational newspaper. A vote of thanks was passed to the rev. gentleman. The Rev. S. Mead moved— That tbie association, atproviujr of an intercolonial Baptist paper with a lormigbtly itaue, directs that Tnith and Progress sh«ll be merged therein Irom January 1, 1894, with tfce proviso ui-t a Used propor tion ot the available tpace in printed matter bhall he allotted to the charge of the South Australian editor, and that a due proportion of loss or profit be accepted by our board ol management, it being understood that should the eobeme lor bo intercolonial paper not prove practicable Tnith and Progress will be pub lished bs heretofore. The motion was carried. On the motion of Mr. G. fa. Sowleb, seconded by Mr. K. J. Hoxe, it was decided that the board of management already chosen for the paper Truth and Progress should act in connection with the proposed intercolonial Baptist paper, and be a board of management for the local portion of the newspaper nro vided the scheme was carried into effect. The Bey. J. Pabkeb moved, and the Bey. S. Mead seconded the. following proposal, which was carried :— That the association, being grieved at the fact that no Baptist churches have Dean established in West Australia, recommend Che general committee to co operate with the other eolonus and West Australian Baptists with a view to secanug efficient mlnuiento initiate Baptist work then. The Pbesidbxt announced that the follow ing gentlemen had been chosen as a general committee: — Revs. S. Mead, C. Bright, J. Nanoarrow, F. Boyling, A. Hyde, J. Price. R. Wooloock, S. Fairey. A. Matters, and W E. Bice, Messrs. A. S. KeilL C. H. Goode. J* V. Smith, D. W. Melvin, Stow Smith, N S Hone, W. Neill, G. H. Cargeeg, J. H, Cheet ham, and R. W. Waddy. A large congregation filled the Flinders street Baptist Church in the evening on the occasion of the united service held in oonnec tion with tbe annual meetin?Eof the associa tion. The service was conducted by tbe Rev. W. T. Whitley. of Melbourne. A sermon was preached by (be Bey. F. B. Habbt, of Sydney, who took for bia text 2 Corinthians, iv., s—"For we preach not ourselves, bnt Christ Jesaa tbe Lord." The preacher stated that this was the one_ theme of the Christian ministry. They might be exponents of social science, advocates of sanitary reform, pleaders for political justice ; but these in themselves were not the great functions of the Christian ministry. He knew that the church had not always been sympathetic with every phase of life. He confessed that only now was nhe awaking to her social duties. She now fed the hungry, clothed the naked, and temghu the ignorant, as well as ministered to the spiritual needs of men. Whenever she recognised flagrant sin she was no longer dumb. She had -had something to say of late of the sweater, drinkseller, book maker, and those who traffic in licensed iniquity. Bat their great commission was to proclaim salvation by Jesus Christ, to bring the laws of heaven down to the life on earth, to preach the principles which constitute the law of holy living. If they made the pulpit the platform for the discnssion of political qaes tions they would draw a crowd, attract non churchgoers, and possibly win their approval fora time, but thereby they would miss the great object of the Christian ministry, which wag to "preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord." Scientists might glory in their personal achievements, but he who stood np to preach for God must be hidden behind the majesty of Jesus Christ and his speech must be winged with tbe penetrating power of God. The sermon was followed by a united com munion service, at which the Bey. J. Paynter presided, and tbe Beve. H. J. Lambert and W. Woolcock took part in the. devotional exercises. 