A HAUNTED HOUSE IN LONDON. A STRANGE STORY. To look at No. 27, St. George's-road, Kilburn (says the Pall Mall Gazette of March 14), one would not suspect it of being haubted. There is nothing of the tumble-down ivy-covered ruin about it which the Christmas numbers have taught the world to associate with ghosts. It is a solid,substantial,comfortable- lookinghouse, standing in about the middle of a rather imposing terrace, with a 6mall garden, containing a few bushes in the front and a large plot of grass at the back. It is not by any means a new house, but it has so few marks of age about it that a selfrespecting ghost would have hardly been expected to regard it as an eligible residence Yet there are three people dwelling in the house who assert confidently that they have each on separate occasions been the eye-witnesses of a remarkable apparition in the house. The Rjv. G. S. Tyler, the minister at present attached to the Quex-road Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, and his family, who are the eye-witnesses of the ghost, have told a Pall Mall Gazette reporter about it. The house his for many year8 now been the dwelling place of the various ministers who have succeeded each other every three years at the Quex-road chapel. Mr. Tyler and his family have lived there now for 18 months. " I have never seen the apparition myself," said Mr. Tyler, " and have always been a confirmed unbeliever in spirit manifestations, and so on. But the fact remains, explain it how you will, tHat my wife and my daughters Ada and Julie, aged respectively 20 and 19 year*, have distinctly seen a mysterious something, which in the absence of any better way of describing it, we have called an apparition* They agree closely in their several descriptions of the figure." A. GHOSR IN CLERICAL CLOTHES. " It is that of a person attired as a Wesleyan minister might be, in black clothes of a clerical cut. It is a figure of average stature, with a long grey beard and keen peculiar eyes, it was my younger daughter who first met with the apparition. She will tell you in her own way." Miss Julie Tyler then took up the story. " I was standing at the corner of the stairs/' she said, " and t saw what I took to bo pa. had gone to call him to tea, and when I called him he neither answered nor move 1 I thought he was playing with mp, and giving me the trouble to go up to him, and I ran up to push him. I pushed right throngh the figure and fell against the wall I was dreadfully frightened, bat when ' told the others they laughed at me. But then Ada, later on, saw the same figure, and then mother herself. It was before Christina? that I "saw it. No, I had not been reading any ghost stories at all then. But I have since. So have we all." Miss Ada then related her first experience of the uncanny visitor. She was alone in the house with a child one Sunday evenings and saw the figure in the doorway. She thought a man had broken into the housB at first, until she observed the clerical cut of the figure's garb, and then recalled her sister's experience. Mrs. Tyler's statement was that while passing by the small room at the end of the passage one evening, she saw Mr. Tyler standing in there, as she thought She ran npstairs to the qtudy, and there found the actual Mr. Tyler in the fiesb. It is in this room at the end of the passage^ indeed, where the apparition ha? been most frequently seen, and the- ladies of the household do not care to venture near it alone. It is a small room looking out on to the back garden, bat with wooden fchutters, which are fastened over tbe glass in thu evening. "It was in that room," said Miss Julie, "that I met the figure face to fioe. I shall never forget his eyes— greyish bin*; in colour, and th<*y seemed to look right through me quite hungrily." RECOMMENDED TO THE PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. It WAS a strange experience fgr (be Pall Mall reporter to sit listening to these ghost stories in broad daylight, for the minister and bis wife were responsible, unemotional, clear-headed folk, and the two daughters are bright, intelligent English girls, with an absence of any indications 1 f hysterical dispositions. They were as firmly convinced that they had seen pome unaccountable figure as that they had seen the streets of Kilburn when they looked out of the window. The minister, while expressing utter inability to account for the declarations of bis family, would not commit himself to any belief in the supernatural, but betrayed an interest in the whole subject which did not dovetail into bis strained attempts to laugh the matter over. In reply to furlnr questions he said that one of the Wesleyan ministers who had preceded lrm hid died in this house; and that when he told his friends of his family's experience, he discovered for the first time that Mrs. Gibsan, the wife of his immediate predecessor in the house, had also met with some uncanny experiences. Asked whether he had taken certain floors up in his bunt for some explanation of the mystery—for so ran the gossip of the neighborhood—the rev. gentleman said that in the top bedroom there had long been a recurrent and intermittent smell of an utterly indescribable kind. The room was quite away from drains or anything which he could imagine as the cause for the effl avium, and the floor had been taken hp in the search for the origin of the nuisanc*. Perhaps in the same manner that Mr. Steal's "Julia " writes his "copy," this mysterious clerical spirit comes to assist Mr. Tyler in the preparation of his sermons. 