The Haunted Blanket. I once occupied a sleeping-car berth that was haunted, writes a commercial traveller in the St. Louis Globe Democrat. It was lower li. I rode in it from Chicago to Detroit, and I'll tell you I spent a horrible night. The weather waB pretty cold, and as I am subject to neu- ralgia, I tucked the blanket in cloie around my neck to avoid the draught, and I was just dozing off when I heard a most unearthly laut;h mid the blanket was suddenly pulled away fruin my chin and half off my chest. It was only IO o'clock, but nearly everybody wa« in bed, and when I peeped oat to see if anybody was playing a joke on me not a soul was in sight. I tucked the blanket around my neck again, without really thinking much about the disturbance, and was soon in another doze, when off went the blanket once more and again I heard the shrieking laugb. I hastily readjusted the blanket and tried to attribute the matter to my own nervousness, but the blanket was yanked away at once to the hyena-like laugb accompaniment. ' I looked out into the aisle again, but nobody was there. I looked toward the foot of the bed, and it seemed to ma that blue flames were dancing there. My flesh began to creep. I could hear ray heart pumping like a Corliss engine. As my fear grew I saw a white figure stretched at full length through the section panel work, its feet towards or against mine. Tbe blue flames seemed to play all over it and to leap from the eyes and mouth of the figure when the demon laugh was uttered. The tugging«t the blanket continued. 1 trembled and poured perspiration, I could not rise. I roljnd out of the berth into the aisle, and maybe I didn't hunt up the porter of that car I told him the story. " Gracions ! gracious !" he exclaimed, his eyes bulging, " Ize t>ot dat hoodoo blanket. Dat's a blanket, bot-s, what was in a berf whar a man died wid de jimjams. No, he didn't die in dat berf-but dat *uz his blanket, an' when it comes out o' de laundry someone's boan' to get it, an' Ize done gone an' got it dis trip. Nobody w'at gits it ever gits de bes' o dat ghost, an' I guess I bettah give you anoder blankit ur you won't sleep to-night." I got another blanket and slept all right. The porter told me there was always complaint from the passenger who got the haunted blanket. This occurred a year ago, and I suppose the blanket is on the road somewhere yet. ?? ? ' i 