THE CASE OF DR. BRIGGS. DOUBTLESS some of your readers will be desirous towhat were the features of the history of Dr. Briggs. They are stated by himself in his now notorious " Inaugural Address," statements in which formed the basis of the charges urged against him. The case came before Assembly first as to whether the grounds and • specifications of the appeal should be sustained. The votes on the technical parts seemed more favourable to Dr. Briggs than those on the doctrinal Jpoints. Only two specifications—theseaffirming prejudice on certain members of the Presbyterv of New York failed to be sustained, out of thirty-two specifications. The charges were then entered on, fully discussed by all partieB, and the final vote finding Dr. Briggs guilty of heresy showed 383 votes to 116. Of these 116 only a few will' acknowledge that they approve the errors condemned. Refusing to retract or modify his statements, Dr. Briggs was sentenced to be suspended from the office of the ministry until he should repent. The errors that are charged on him as heretical may be thus stated : 1. That men rejecting the Bible and the mediation and sacrifice of vJhrist may be savingly enlightened by the reason, lieaaon, the Bible, and the Church are the three great fountains of Divine Authority Martineau " found God enthroned in his own soul." 2. That Scripture is not the only sufficient rule of faith. Dr. Brings holds Martineau and Newman to be higher in th» Church than Spurgeon. Dr. Briggs took pains tobelittle Spurgeon and elevate the Unitarian, Martineau, who found in reason what revelation did nob give him—divine certainty. 3. That the Church, apart from Scripture, does savingly enlighten men. 4\. That which of the three ways men go to God is " influenced by the temperaments and environments."' 5\. That errors may have existed in the original Scriptures. Dr. Briggs says of the inerrancy of the Bible that" it ia a ghost of modern evangelicalism to frighten children." 6. That, unless prophecy be explained as Dr. Briggs explains it—-in general, not as to particulars, much of the Old Testament prophecy never has been and never can be fulfilled. 7.. " Moses did not write the Pentateuch—a statement opposed]|to Scripture. 8. That Isaiah did not write half of the book bearing his name, although Jesus and Paul quoted from that part attributing the to quotations to Isaiah by name. 9. That the processes of redemption extended beyond death. 10. That " the souls of believers " are at death not made perfect in holiness. The charges were only eight in number. I have for convenience and clearness, arranged the errors charged under ten heads. Dr.. Briggs is bold, defiant, counselling fight, hoping to> propagate his errors so as to win a majocity to reverse the judgment of the Assembly. —Bulwark. 