Hours with Great Men AND THEIR WORKS. HENRY KENDALL AND HIS POEMS. IV. Henry Clarence Kendall was born in a wretched slab hut near Ulladulla on the south coast of New South Wales. His infancy was passed among the romantic scenery which surrounded the home of his parents, and that it made an indelible im- pression on him may be inferred from the fact that in after years he referred to it lovingly as follows: River myrtle, rimmed and set Deep among unfooted dells — Daughter of grey hills of wet, Born by mossed and yellow wells. Now that soft September lays Tender hands on thee and thine, Let me think of blue-eyed days, Star-like flowers and leaves of shine. Cities soil the life with rust, Water banks are cool and sweet; River, tired of noise and dust, Here I come to rest my feet. Ah! the days, the old, old theme, Never stale, but never new — Floating like a pleasant dream, Back to me and back to you. Why should I still love it so — Friend and brother far away? Ask the winds that come and go What hath brought me here to-day. Perhaps it was in remembrance of those happy days when he wandered as a boy amongst the scenes that surrounded his home that he wrote of a mountain moss — It lies among the sleeping stones, Far down the hidden mountain glade, And past its brink the torrent moans, For over in a dreamy shade. A little patch of dark green moss, Whose poftnoss grew of quiot.ways, With all the deep delicious floss, In slumbrous Buns of Bummer days. You know tho place ? With pleasant tinta The broken sunset lights tho bowers ; And then the woods aro full of hints Of distant, dear, voluptuous flowers. 'Tis often now tho pilgrim turns A faded face towards that seat, And cools his brow amonyr the ferns, The runnel dabbling at his feet. There fierce December seldom goes With scorching step, and dust, and drouth; But-soft and low--October blows Sweet odors from her dewy mouth. And Autumn like a gipsy bold, Doea gathor near it grapes and grain, Ere Winter comes, tho woodman old, To lop tho leaves in wind and rain. . O greenest moss of mountain glen. The face of Roso is known to thee; But we shall never share with men A knowledge dear to Love and me. Although within the brief compass of an "hour's" comment we cannot give a complete account of the incidents comprised in Kendall's " life," nor an elaborate critique upon his poetry, yet we may quote a few typical passages from his poems in order to show the style of his genius, the tenderness of his heart, and how his poetry was tinged by the circumstances of his life, as well as by surrounding influences. The poem to the memory of Mary Rivers is a wail of sorrow for a lost fit st love, which forcibly reminds the reader of Burns and his Highland Mary. Some verses of its have been set to music as follows i Path beside tho Bilver waters flashing in October's BUD Walk by green and golden margins where the Bister streamlets run, Twenty shining springs have »anish'd, full of flower, and leaf and bird, Since the step of Mary Rivers in your lawny dell was heard. Evonintr walks with moon and musio where the higher lhVhas been, But tho face of Mary Rivers there will never more be seen. , Even in the hallowed nightfall, when the fathers Bit I and dream, And the splendid rose of heaven sees a sister in the stream, Often do I watch the waters, gleaming in a Btarry bay, Thinking of a by-gone beauty, and a season far away, Musing on the grace that left us in a time of einging rain, . . * On the lady who will never walk amongst these heaths again. ' % . . With the passing of our Mary, like a sunset out of Bight, Passed away our pure first passion,-all ita life and all its light; Ah, my darling, no one saw it, purer than untrodden dew Waa tho first unhappy passion, buried in the grave with you ; Bird and leaf wiff" keep tho seorat-wind and wood will never tell Men the thing that I have worshipped, Mary Rivers, fare you well. Kendall appears to have been entirely free from that mean and sordid jealousy which not unfreqrAently disturbs the equanimity of men of genius, and particularly of musicians, painters, and poets. Hear the just and generous way in which he sings of a poet whom many other men would have regarded as a dangerous rival well got rid of. Where Harpur Hos, the rainy streams And wot hill heads and hollows weeping, Are soft with wind and white with gleams, And hoarse with sounds of Btorma unsleeping. Pit grave it is for one whose song Was turned by notes ho caught from torrents, And fill'd with mountain breaths, and strong With notes of falling forest curronta. So lot him sleep, tho rugged hymns And broken lights of woods above him 1 And let UH sing how sorrow dimn The eyes of those who usod to love him. But we who know thia singer dead, Whose hands attuned to harp Australian, '"' May set tho face and bow the head,- i 'And mourn hia fate and fortunes alien. , ?. ' And far and freo thia man of mon, With wintry hair and wasted feature, Had fellowship with jrorgo and glen, And learned tho loves and runes of nature. Strange words of wind, and rhymes of rain, And whispers from tho inland fonntainB, Are mingled in his various strain, With leafy breaths ot piny mountains. But aa tho under currents sigh Beneath the surface of a river, The music of humanity Dwells in bia forest psalms for ever. No eoul was he to sit on heights, And live with rocks apart and scornful; Delights of men were his delights, And common troubles made him mournful. The pathoa worn by wayside things, The passion found in simple fa^oa, Struck deeper than tho life of springs, Or atrength of storm, or soa-awept placea. But now ho sleeps-tho tirod bard The deepest Rloep ; und lo I proffer Thoso tender leaves of my regard, With hands that falter as they offer. Thia ÍB the wail of a pure, a disinterested, ant generous friendship over the loss of a brothel poet, and there ia not a particle of jealousy oi meanness in it. That Kendall as a friend, a lover, a husband and a father, had a tender heart, may b< reasonably inferred from many of his poems. Il some of hi8 verses he alludes to bia wife witt deep affection, and hiH poem entitled " Araluen,' the name of a babe that they had lost, is the wai of a heart-stricken father. A few lines from il j will show this t Girl, whose hand at God's High Altar in the dow dead year I preas'd, Lean your stricken head upon me, thia is still youi lovor'a breast. She who sleeps waa first and sweetest, none we have to take her pl aoe. Empty ia the little oradle, absent is the little face. Other ohildren may be given ; but thia rose beyond recall But this garland of your girlhood, will be dearest oi them all. None will ever, Araluen, nestle where you need to be In my heart of hearts, my darling I when the world waa new to me. We were young when you were with us, life and love were happy things To your father and your mother, ere the angels gave you wings. ' These extracts from Kendall's writings show the emotional side of his poetio nature in a very favorable and pleasing light. Kendall has often been compared to Gordon with respect to the breadth and other peculiari ties of his genius as a poet. But why should he be like Gordon, or Gordon like him P Why should not each be excel lent in that line of song which each had made his specialty. We think it ia absurd for critics to waste time in attempting to prove that Kendall's genius was peculiarly his own, and not like the genius of any other poet. He could not write like Gordon, nor could Gordon write like him. The poems of both, however different in style, contain many beauties. Kendall's power of painting lurid scenes is shown conspicuously in hia poem entitled " Coo ranbean," in which images of dark and fearful things crowd upon each other in thick protuaion. That the poem is founded on some dark tradition of the olden time appears from the fourth Btunza, in which the deeds and tragic fate of some ancient bushranger are briefly alluded to. The place in which Black Tom committed his crimea and where he perished was supposed by superstitious resi dents of the bush " to be full of honors. The poet says : Whenever an elder is asked-a white-headed man of the woods Of the terrible mystery masked where the dark ever lastingly brooda, Be sure he will turn to the bay with his baok to the glen in 1ho range, And glide like a phantom away, with a oountenanoo pallid with change.^ From the line of dead timber that lies supino at the foot of the glade The fierce-featured eagle-hawk flies-afraid as a dove ia afraid ; But back in that wilderness dread are a fall and the forks of a ford Ah ! pray and uncover your head, and lean like a child on tho Lord. A ainistor fog at the wave-at the change of the ? moon cometh forth v ¡ Like an ominous ghost in the train of a bitter blaok I Btorm of the north ; At the head of tho gully unknown, it hangs like a spirit of bale ; And tue noise of tr. shriek and a groan strikes up in the gUBts of the gale. In tho throat of a feoulent pit ia the beard of a bloody red 8edge ; And the foam like the foam of a'fit sweats out of the ledge; But down in the water of death, in the livid dead pool at the base Bow IOT< with inaudible breath ; beseech with the h!»nds to the faoo I A furlong of fetid blaok fen, with gelid green patohea of pond, Lies dumb by the horn of the Glen-at the gates of the Horror bei ond ; And those who have looked on it tell- of the terrible growths that are there The floweruge fostered by hell-tho blossoms that startle and Beare ; If ever o wandoring bird should light on Gehannoa like this, Be auro that a ory will be heard, and the sound of the flat adder's hies. But, hard by the jawa of the bend ia a ghastly Thing matted with moas Ah, Lord ! be a father, a friend for the sake of the Christ on tho Croaa. Blaok Tom with tho sinews of five-that never a han g man could hang In the daya of the shaokle and gyve, broke loose from the guarda of the gang. Thereafter, for pcasona a score, this devil prowled under the ban : A mate of red talon and paw-a wolf in the shape of a man. But, ringed by ineffable, fire, in a thunder and wind of the North, . . . The Bword of Omnipotent ire--tho bolt of high heaven went forth! But, wau as tho sorrowful foam, a groy mother waita by tho sea For tho boya that havo novor como homo those fifty four wintorri and throe. From tho folds of tho forested hills thoro aro ravelled and round-about tracks Because of the terror that fills the strong-handed mon of the axe I Oí the wot kera away in the range, there is none that will wait for the niüht When tho storm-stricken moon ia in ohange, and the sinister fog is in sight. And later and deep in the dark, when the bitter wind whistles about, There is never a howl or a bark from the dog in the kennel without. * Bat the white fathers fasten the door, and often and often thpy start At a sound like u foot on the floor, and a touoh like a hand on the heart. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 