WHO INVENTED KISSINC? An English contemporary observes :— The word • " kiss " is Anglo-Saxon, anil may, indeed, be taken as an instance of how pleasant Anglo-Saxon can be. The pb.il o^ logiet assures us that it is- allied to the Gothic " kustup," a proof or test; and to the Latin " gustus," a taste, which suggests the old saying, tbat " the proof of tbe pudding ia in the preein' oV The same Gothic " kustutf '' comes froia the veib " kiusan," to choose, from which one would imagine tbat amoDg the Goths kissing went by favour. According to Professor Skeat, writing with all the austerity and scholarship ;of r an expert, a kiss is " a gust a taste, a somet&iDjr; choice." fiowena, the beautiful daughter of tbe Saxon Tlengist, is credited with hating introduced kissing into these fortunate islands; but it seems as if that, bad the natives been so utterly unenlightened, the Romans could scarcely have failed, to anticipate her. The Romans had really a delightful word for a kiss—" osculum," which cam® from " os," the mouth, and meant a little mouth, a Bweet mouth. "Give me a sweet little mouth " would be the pbrase used when a good little Roman boy asked hiB mother for a kiss. Our English word occurs pretty nearly in its present form in Anglo-Saxon, Dutch, Icelandic, Danish, Swedish, and German. And this is worthy of note because, natural as kissing may seem to be, it is a practice unknown to the Australians, to tin Maoris of New Zealand, the Papuans of New Guinea, the people of Tabbati, the negroes of Central and Southern Africa, the Botocudos of Brazil, tbe Laplanders, and the Eskimo. Most of these benighted mortals have not got beyond the low stage of rub' bing noses together. Kissing points to an ancient discredited belief in a veritable union of spirits—a belief common to the Aryan peoples that the breath of a man was his soul, his spirit. " Spirit" is " breatb," and " ghost" is a " gust"—which possibly accounts for the cold air that is said to accompany apparitions. If, then, the breath was a divine thing —the soul and spirit of man—is it not easy to understand how naturally kissing came to be a veritable communion, a commingling of soul with soul 1 