[COPYRIGHT.] The Doctor's Step-daughters. CHAPTER I.—LOVE'S COMPLICATIONS. By C. Stafford. it pan HEX, my dear' Tina, nil I Tj have to saj is tliis: under tho I circumstances, it is time you fl provided for yourself, and if you will not do «o by marry. ing old Clinton, you ninst find some other way of getting a bomo of your own." "A home? I have a home I" "Indeed: Whore?" ITcrliertina West's grey eyes opened tide with the question. Was her step father tone mad ? " Why, hero in my mother's bouse." she said. Dr. Morris wan a small man with a fresli colour, thick, rather curling brown hair, d.ipper professional air. and slow, distinct wny of speaking. Tina was a tall girl, so that her eyes and those of lor stepfather as be came forward, stooping slightly with lits pincc-nr.z danirling from his rather knnckly little hand, were on a leveU and had she an. sTcred his gaze, she might have seen in it a twinkle of fnn somewhat contra, dieting the words he let fall one by one with tlio "choppy" distinctness (as one of his fire stop-daughters termed it) peculiar to him. " A house cannot belong to one who no lonizer exists." went on the doctor. " Practically, thiß house never did belong to your mother, nor to mo, for the matter ofj hat, till seven years after her death. 'When she and I married, I un derstood it belonged to her; but in reality, the house, the house furniture— even the ;,ood-will of your father's prac tice—were mortgaged to such an extent, tliat it took me till long after your poor mother's death to free the place from debt. Your father had managed to I ring matters into this delightful im broglio before he married your mother; and the only real possessions your mother over had in this house were her two husbands and her five girls." The laugh in the doctor's eyes came a little more to the surface a* lie went on: "She bequeathed her five girls tome, her second husband. A bequest surely means possession, nad possession means —well, at least, the power to advise." Tinas face was crimson. Her lons, dark lashes which, in company with the eyes they were helping to veil, were the chief beauty of her small, peaked face, were suddenly lifted, and she looked balf-indignantly, half-wistfully at ber jonng step-father. All kinds of nnplpasant fcolings had visited her as she listened. The truths just mentioned to her by the doctor were not altogether new to her. She had been old enough at the time of ber mother's second mar riage to catch tip. and be hurt by, scraps of conversation among servants and certain of her mother's lady friends. She remembered, too, how much better life had been for herself and her sisters after the young doctor appeared on the scene and her mother had figured as Mrs. Morris, instead of aa Mrs. West. Never before, however, had the ghost of a hint of this Beamy side of the life which Dr. Morris and his step-daughters had spent to gether for thirteen years dropped from Eitu, and she was thoroughly puzzled by bis present mood. Looking at him, her cheeks lost their sudden rush of colour, and her little fiir face gradu ally sunned itself over with the expression of camaraderie which years of half fatliorly, half-brotherly friendliness had taught the little doctor's step-daughter to wear to him. " I did allow you to ndrisc me," she said, smiling, in spite of herself, at the half-teasing, half-earnest manner he had quietened down to. " I only re fused to take the adriccand any girl over twenty-one, let her circumstances be ■what they may, should be considered free to refuse anything so unsuitable. Why, the very term you used just now in speaking of Mr. Clinton shows the unsuitablcness. You called him "Old Clinton,'" she finished. Dr. Morris swung ronnd on his heel, his frock-coat flying out at a tangent in company with the pincc-nci, which he still held dangling between finger and thumb, and laughed heartily. "Con found it, Tina, I nscd the adjective as nn expression of affection, don't yon know. Of course, a man of thirty-eight lEnt in his first youth—he isn't raw exactly; but Clinton is as sound as v belL lam speaking professionally, you understand. I sonndt-d him a month ago for an Assurance Company, and I can tell his life is a lot *»fer than that of many a lad of twenty-two or three, who may haw all sorts of seeds of disease lurking abont him ready to declare Thorns-elves in a year or two." • What a way of looking at it!" said Tina, with a disgusted air, walking away to a window, and staring down into thu atuitof the quaint, country town. Dr. .Morris dropped his pinct- nct, and in a moment of forget fulness of pro f.ssional dignity, stuffed his hands into his trousor pockets. "Ltmk here," said ho. regarding resentfully the wicp of a slender figure lit the window;" when it suits you to do m. vnn vpoak of my thirty-nine years with the utmost dim-esptvl." •■ You're dilfrrcnt" said Tina, without looking round. " You're not bald, and you've not got a front tooth out. "I've sir f.-ilwe oncj," unblushingly cnnfrsseii the doctor. " Well, you're not ■routing to marry fomel'ody of my age," said Tina. Tho doctor bit hir iin for a second, tlit-n rooily r'uiarlreil, '• } cai 1 1DK " Tir,» turned -r^4. | ler hands falling frnni U-.eir -.«""t;t playing with the blind-tassel, and each clntcbing a small handfnl of the long, straight folds of her pretty dress. The doctor strode across and placed her a chair. Tina sat down in it—she wasn't able In do aurtbing else—and sbvly looked up into hia face. ■ • ' The doctor's freeh colonr became even fresher in lino. "I am presently, pre-sent-ly," he added.rcnssuringly.with. a downward glance at Tina's upturned face, "to marry Mirs Ada Laiinglon, Banker Lnvington's eldest daughter." Tina sank back in the chair with a muf fled little •*Oh, dcar!"then 3at*uddenly up again, with a nnick flash of temper, " Oh. Ido no dislike her, 1' she said. " I know yon do. my dear." said the doctor, cheerily and calmly, nsing much the tone in which he might casually have mentioned that thn wind was in the north-cast; " therefore, there are complications in what would otherwise have been simplicity itself." > j •'Jack. Jack, coom along; t' chnch, t'chuch!" intcnupted a strident voice. The sound came from the direction of a second window in the drawing-room ; the window overlooked a garden, and was supplied with a balcony, on the rail of which hapg a. w|cker- _cage. .The fgo oneatio'Bftve 'contain^-« jack daw, but did cotras tho jackdaw was coming >w»th 'ii'hbp ana! thrco strides alternately, ncroiin : the drawing-room carpet towards .Tina, nringin:: ench thrcq strides to a npat finish with the pertinent remark, "Jack, Jack, coom along t enueh, t' clinch!" «» 'i ' y°? aA '""^' j'o'n've opened that cago-door again:" Tina held her hand out invitingly to the sleek, -long. beaked.creature, then,-ah tho u'nder talcor-looking objeot reached- her sido. «ue bout forward,and rwlmt sho called ."pulled his hair,"-that.,is, tho silken, nnfeathorlike pluuiagq at'tho top of the jackdaw's head,";" :,' ' The doctor looked oh with' uneasiness depicted on' his'countenance;: he■ was making a mental calculation as to how long it would be 'before the " fiend in feathers," as ho called it, attacked his boots. Between these articles of attire and the. jackdaw there were' pormanent hostilities. '",,', '",' .... ' "It seemed to me," he began again, with a dry cough,' "thit the propotil of dear old1 Clinton-was » special Inter position of Providence, since Miss Lav. ington declares Bhc will be glad to share my efforts.to make my.younger step children happy, but that sho has no hope of succeeding in. any thing of tho kind with you." ' , , , . "I sfe," sa id Tin.i,it must be confessed, 11 Jit tie viciously; ",shc proposes to getaway from her own step-mother by; becoming one herself.1' , Tho doctor's mouth twitchod comically attnecorncrp.' "No, I proposed it," he Raid, strategically compounding with "Jack" foran attack just about to bo ,commcnccdon his bootv- by pitchingtho bird a sixpence;- whefenpon Jack flew," with his prize, Uvthc iKp'of bis mistress, and there, standing in the centre of her spread-ont ' poclet-liandkerchicf,: pro r reeded to display how much a,living jackdaw can loiok like a .dead, stuffed one, when the part is taken by a bird of uicnt. . .-. .:;■;.■..:.,„,,:.:..., "Why, Ada, Larington, when her father married again, went almut every where saying how horrid-it was of Mrs. Fairleigh to consent to become the Btep mother of' grown-up: Bt«p.daiigliler«," broke out Tina agaiu, with a freah out bnrst. of indignation. : •;' ' '. ~Did she ? "said the doctor. "It is aWays possible"to. change' brio's' opinion, and Miss L'avingtoq's relations with her stepmother hayq.proved, so satis factory, that ' it.inms't ,'luivo.Vbcon most encouraging,. v\ott encouraging." The little, doctor,'* tone was half facetions, but there was a hnrt look on his face, and-tho next instant his clean shaven lips tightened, in a way which nrgiiod that he had not quite done with Tina. "I'think I'iiiny'saj-," he began hgain, accordingly, "that Miss Laving ton views the right'or wrong acceptance of my suit more .with" regard to her happiness and hiine than to her position as the wife of a.stepfather." . Tina received the shot in amlncrnble part. ", Oh, thiß is ■dreadfnl.".ishe said. "Isec it i'« different Ob, we must nil go away." .■■■'.■ . .-■ She had just balanced Jack's sixpence on the top of liis bead, and now, excited to emulation by'the slight raising of, her voice, he, with. that nngraccful conversational action.peculiar to jack daws, pumped out of Jiunself. as it were, the words: ". Go .away, go 'long.*' The jerking of the' head downward sent the sixpence .rolling across the room, and the doctor, who was of an orderly turn of mind, went in pursnit of it. • ; = ■:.... .. :-,. . " No, you are not all to go away," be answered, meaningly,' as he: returned, pocketing the' sixpence'as he came, in spite of the longing in Jack'? acquisi tive, stony eye. ;• But this,conversation haa j^ven mo np 'reason to alter, my previous ide.vth'at either by, marrying' Clinton—l don't know why bo's fool' enough to want you—or by some other means, it would be dejir.vblo for you, nnder the circu mstinces of my approach ing marriage, tomakoa start in lifo for yourself."' ... . ;. ■ ■. t Tina sprang to her feet, sending the unprepared -'jackdaw,'-with cnt wings outspread, headlong to the floor; a strong instinct of. self- preservation 'causing him to retire hurriedly, cawing' as he went, to the empty cage. , : . Dr.. Morris followed the bird across the carpet, thut the window it pasted trough with. a.bane, and (hen faced round again. '.•Tina, he said, "npon ray word, I feel ready; to: knock myself down for saying it to yon, but I've no one to say it for me, and yon must se« that there's no reason in life why a man of thirty-nine (the rest of the world doc6n't, like yonj look on a man of that »ge as on the verge of decrepitude! should devote himself quite to the end of his life solely to five big girls for whom lie, has already done all he can. Your four siatcrs,i am.cjnite sure, will rub along well enough with the lady tc whom I propose giving a portion of my regard ; but you, 1 foresee, will not.'.' ' " You and she, then, only want me out of the ■way," said Tina,panting for breath iv the little gust of temper which foi the moment took possession of her. " Well, 1 will not marry Mr. Clinton to oblige thai girL" " You will not marry Mr. Clinton; I will set] you do not." 6aid the doctor, white in his turn. "The poor fellow roust be blind to want to share the rest of his days with uu undisciplined, big child like Ton."' ■■■■- ■ ■ . Tina broke down; she was even now beginning to be ashamed of herself. With n panting sob, tears rained down behind the two small bands she raised to hide them..... There wiis a rap at the door, and when Tina bent down, as.if to look for a piece of music, in reality to hide her stream ing face, a servant came in. : **Please, sir, there's a gratis-patient in the consulting-room, nnd tbo assis tant isn't back yet." The doctor strode out and shut the door after him. '■■'- • •':•' . ' Chapieb IT.—Tisl's TaonßtßS. "I had no idea, I tell yon." ■■■■■■■ Tina, wben she raitde tbis statement, was sitting 'withy if the truth mnit be toldi her face fearfully' rnipresentnble frompastcryingVaia little afternoon tea-table, pburin;*.,ont .tea. ..She' was handing a cHPriif tea. to.Frances, the eldest of her lotiftall, slim'sisters, tha whole of whom-.-were sitting here and there abont an upper room, specially their own.to which tbey bad had their tea sent, in consideration of tbe privacy needed for Tina's swollen face, and tbe importance of tbe' matters to be talked over. ■'. . ''"'., ' The West girls were astonishingly like eachothcr. all the same tall, slight, prpttily-featflred / bjg.eyedcrcatures,.one a little, thinner, one.'a. little taller, .one joungcr, "and ,pnb older .and firmer looking sdpisibow... ;'Frances waa . the one firmer-looking,, £;.■., :, ''It; was..very, idiotic of yon .not to have an idea," she answered, with sis terly ffankness'sind some doubt of her sister's sincerity.-' iYou are tbe only one'of us who hadn't, unless 'Chinee' is excepted," she added, with a bright smile towards 'the' youngest, whose ab normally thj^_jmr\ long toil .of hair not jet tnrncd up) hud earned for hoi that sobriquet. " I knew that Mr. Clinton cared (or Tina," that youns lndy quietly returned, looking steadfastly nt her elder rola tive'e blurred countenance. *• Dnt I didn't know the doctor cared for that nice Miss Liwinjton. I never thought of Ilia liking nnyijody but in." "It's disgusting," was Tina's answer. Vlfo, it isn't, but it's disturbing," corrected Francci, who was tlio philo- Eopiicr of the family. '• Cream-muslin, with maize-colour, is the fashionable, thing for bridesmaids' dredsos," hazarded tall Bangles, staring across the room with a speculative ana somewhat covetous air; "and it docs afterwards for garden-parties." "You can have 'that for the.'other ■wedding," said Tinri, with affected bitter ness. "I am not to bo-.,offered up at tho altar of Hiss Lavington's conre nience, or at any other altar." A shrill "ke-ake" struck on every body's cars from somewhere below, and a smile, for tho first time einco the con versation in the drawing-room, gleamed across Tißkit—not at this moment par ticularly charming—features. "That bird is loobc again somewhere," she observed, as if she expected the circum stance to give general pleasure; "be must have beard the. jingle of the spoons and things. ■ Hob.. wanting his aike—l'll go for him." ; And she ran downstairs. Before leaving the room to weep in greater seclusion, Tina had reopened tho window -which the doctor had shut; and Jack, in consequence, 'was now perched on the back of a chair, montioning his wants;to bis.own sympathetic' cars. , "' A fcvJ minutes later, with Jack in her amis, con&ncd; to the more limited space of his .wicker cage, Tina was' crossing from the drawing-room to the foot of tuo stairs again. Suddenly she beard some one let in at the street door; a familiar step in the ball below, and as familiar a voice saying r"-Hnllo, there yon are! How are you, old fellow? • I just looked in,' incase yon'wereprevented from turn ing up at tho Lnvingloris to-night, to put yon in mind of that County Council meeting. Thought over that suggestion of Squire Hoi ton's, eh ?" ■ ■ \- Involuntarily she looked for a second over tho balustrade, jnst in time to sec two hands grasp each other heartily, and a. tall, broad-shouldered man, with heavy dark monstacho, pass across the door-mat of the consulting-room, on tho threshold of which her atcp-fatber stood. Tho'door shut them in, and she mounted the stairs, heralded all the way.by Jack's demand for " ke-ake." . "Ho has just come in," she informed tho tea-drinkers,-while depositing the cage conveniently for Jack's being able to seethe passers-by in the street below, and to choose those he deemed suitable for his adjuring to "coom along" or "go 'long * —that is. crrand-l>oy sor nny boy "in' working clothes, corduroys being the key-note ""of a, really cntliueiastio outburst of invitation. " .Hi'gave yon Jack," somewhat irre levantly remarked the Chinee ; " he said there was no one to care for Jack after his mother died, and would you be the bird's mistress ? " "Well?"said Tina. Frances's mouth pnekcred into a smile. " Chinee," she said, reprovingly, " you are too sharp for anything. But I know what Chinee means," she owned, handsomely, with a wave of her hand. "You say you had not the slightest idea that Mr. Clinton would ever think of yon. If you had looked at him on the occasion of which Chinee speaks you would have had one. If only' you had looked at hisface as iie spoke, you ■would have understood. But that is the curious thing,"sbe went on; "yon hardly ever do look at anybody when they arc speaking to yon. Yon open your eyes innocently wide (Frances gave a very successful illustration with her own large grey ones), and stare straight past them. . Perhaps you are devoting your undivided attention to tho composing of an answer." , There can be nodonbt tbat'.Ttnn was looking at this particular speaker by the time this point was reached. Perhaps a more nervous lecturer than Frances might bare wished it otherwise. "I do loot at people," Tina asserted, vaguely. "Oh, yes,'perhaps, once in a conver sation,", returned Frances, nothing daunted. " You will look deep into the other person's eves as if you wonld read their very boul, but yon don't read it, you know." She finished with brisk emphasis. "There! look nt her now," she added, in reference to the fact that Tina had already drifted into the habit of'which mention was being made, her gaie travelling dreamily past Frances's shoulder, fbc poise of the small head giving' the fair, little face a rapt, saintly expression most becoming, but most un reliable as giving anindex toTina'smood. -" I know." went on Frances, throwing an appealing glance round, " that she is probably thinking of what I am saying; but I defy her, while she is watching that bluebottle on the ■window-pane, to se« the expression of face with which I am saying it, and people often say oncthing ■with tbcirtongue while they say anothei with their eyes." ■ " "Well they shonld not." Tina disposed of the information without troubling to ascertain whether in this particnlar in stance Frances's voice was saying one thing and her aspect another. _ ' " Tea!" broke in Cclcstinc. otherwise Excelsior, who was sitting nt theothet side of the room, with her bronze shoes, rather too much en evidence, crossed daintily, her dress-skirt somehow drag ged tightly round the shapely ancles np. I pearing above the preposterously high heeled shoes—" tea. Half a cup, md don't put in two lumps of sugar. Frank goes to the other extreme," she added,. consolingly, as Bangles, who had taken Tina's nttcisat the table, filled the cop. " Frank hardly ever believes a word people say with their tongues. It would be a relief to her, I should think, to live in a deaf and dumb asylum. She listens withher eyes.*1 • ~ What a shower!" interrupted Tina, as a quick patter of summer rain,* com ing .through a haze of tender, golden light, aroused the' apprehension of bet friend the bluebottle, who was cow . meandering nndrcidedly. across a highci : pane of tho window. . '" '"" , 'To sb Coxtcoto ■ President Lincoln raid once th»t the ben story he had ever read in the papers of him self was this :- .-•■-.'.;■., ■: ■•-■■.•■ Two' Quakeress were trarelllnj} on a railroad, sod were heard dUcuaeinjr the probable termination of the war. " I think," said the first, " that Jefferson will succeed." " ' '■ ■ : •'.Why'does thee think so!" Mked tho other. , ... ' "BeoiaKe JefTorson in « pniyinp man." "And ro ia Abraham a praying man," objected the rccond. ' ' " Yen, hat the Lord wttl 'Jiink Abraham ii jokinc," the first replied. A clerk, who was also a •ehoolmaeler, beiujj called on to <;ivo a tout produced this Kntiment: " Addition to the friends of Old England, subtraction to her want*, multi plication to her bleasinpt, djTvsion among fae^foM, and redaction of her debU ted faag£< \---.•-■ - 