Ballads and Ballad Maters. THE "FOLK SONGS" OF OUR RACE. OLD-TIME SCOTTISH LYRICS. The recent success of Madame Antoinette Sterling in ballad-singing caused public attention to be locally directed toward this variety of lyric poetry, and the truism was repeated in many directions that a love of ballad-singing was inherent in the race. So it is in many races, and the fol- lowing interesting article from the DAILY NEWS on the subject gives a fair summary of the views of thinkers on the matter : The question of the origin of ballads is with us always, though it is not a noisy question, and does not engage the atten- tion of many. It makes itself heard again on the appearance of Mr. Eyre-Todd's edition of " Scottish Ballad Poetry, " but Mr. Todd cannot be said to help us very much. Perhaps nobody can. That early peoples are greatly given to singing, that the first poetry arose in improvisations, as Aristotle said, is generally admitted. It is also known that the peasantry of some European countries—Italy, Spain, Greece, the Spanish Gypsies—have even now great fluency of expression in verse. Their loves and sorrows they pour out in brief snatches of rhyme, often remarkable for passion and grace. Moreover, the exploits of Klephts, or patriotic brigands, were and are the topics of narrative ballads in Greece, and these ballads were mostly sung at fairs and gatherings by blind men. They have much of the spirit of the Robin Hood ballads, with more of fancy and poetry. That the ancient Franks and Germans, like the ancient Hebrews, commemorated heroic deeds in song is known from the early life oi Charlemagne, legends of very old French saints, and similar sources. The poems used to be chanted by choirs of girls, and perhaps were accompanied by some sort of representative action. In brief, it is certain that the populace everywhere has been its own singer, that it had both love lyrics and ditties of tbe various rural occupations, and short lays on events, made by any one who choee, without any interference of a pro- fessional poet. But there were also pro- fessional poets, like the Sennachies or Highland chiefs, the bards of the Homeric princes, the subsidised minstrels of early mediaeval courts. Their lays would cer- tainly be longer, more consciously artistic, and probably more busied with real adven- tures and events than the songs sung by any chance poet of the people. Here, then, are actual traceable sources for early poetry, but where, in that poetry, are we to rank the Scottish ballads, and from what source are they to be derived? Obviously the best plan is to start from what is nearest at hand, and so move backwards to what is more obscure and remote. Now the days are not so very far distant when a striking event, a battle, a love affair, a hanging, was done into a ballad, and rudely printed and sung about the streets. Who made these ballads ? Very miserable hacks in the pay of Cat- nach. The pieces were made to be printed on broad sheets and sold ; the poetry is of the lowest possible order. But even these things were survivals from the Elizabethan age, at lowest. We find Auto- lycus, in the " Winter's Tale," selling ballads among his other wares, and this must have been the custom of Shakspere's time. Looking to Scotland we discover, about 1650, the form of the ballad, the manner of versifying, adapted to a piece on the Battle of Philiphaugh, where Montrose was surprised by David Leslie. It is not good poetry— When it came to the Shaw burn, Said he, " Sae weel we frame, I think it is covenien That we should sing a psalm." There is a " varia lectio " — That we should take a dram. Even here we find legendary fancy at work on recent facts. Leslie is guided and his strategy ia directed by " an aged father," who was attracted to the scene by the sound of the psalm or the smell of the whisky. This aged father declares that he was present at the Battle of Solway Flow, which was a century earlier, and he mentions " curst Dunbar," which was years later than Pbiliphaugh. So here we have the true spirit of popular poetry in love, as usual, with anachronisms, capable of mixing up Charlemagne with Charles Martel, and with the Crusades. Unluckily one copy, at least, of " Piiiliphaugh " came through James Hogg, and James was capable of anything in the way of literary forgery, to get a laugh at " the shire." Here is a new reef of peril to the student. Our festive literary ancestors were constantly hoaxing each other, and no mortal knows if " Auld Maitland " is genuine, or if a modern hand wrought " Jamie Telfer of the Fair Dodhead." We may, provisionally, conclude that the ballads of the 16th to the 18th cen- turies continued in an earlier tradition, older than printing. But a curious problem arises when we meet the romantic ballads, such as " Clerk Saunders,"' " May Colvin," " The Twa Sisters," " Fair Annie, " "The Gay Goshawk," " Sweet William's Ghost. " The point is that the supernatural and amorous incidents in these and in " Lord Randall " — sometimes even the whole plot of these—are diffused through. the popular songs of Europe, and even have certain rare echoes in China, Africa, among the Santhals of India. In Scan- dinavian countries, as Jamieson showed, some ballads are almost like mere variants of our own. Certain ballads are scattered in much, the same way as popular tales are scattered, and peep out even among the remote Finns. It is natural to conjecture that in these cases we are dealing with very old matter, for much time seems to be needed for the wide diffusion. In that case we must imagine that in Europe there is either an ancient common stock of ballads or that from an unknown centre some ballads have been scattered like the seeds of flowers. The fittest and most universally human survived, and these, even to a modern taste, remain the most attractive, and full of the most mysterious charm. The later ballads, as of Border exploits, follow the manner of the older stock, and may have been composed by the wandering violers or by forgotten shepherds, like him of Ettrick. Whoever made them, and how ever much Burns despised them, they are a splendid part of our literature. 