MOSLEM SHI , *5.UST off the high road, on a breezy did J which overlooks the Mediterranean, Uvo little domes peer above a rough, lime washed wall. They indicate that a 6aint and his saintly issue (for the title is heredit ary in Islam) lie buried there, and, in theii way, define the gulf which the French are so anxious to bridge over here in Algeria, Imagine an oblong enclosure strewn with narrow white tombs in all stages of oblitera tion and decay, choked with waving grasses and slimy weeds j at its Eastern base a low, white penb-itouse where dwells the care taker—a good man who has either obtained his office as a sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains to e&tabli;&h; it as such for the benefit of himself and posterity. Springing as au excrescence from the northern wall, and built .into it, is the oldest of the koubbas, or shrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy tiles, and bristling with a rude battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through the grating in the door reveals darkness and dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, and a bit of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and spiders. Peering through the ragged branches of a bushy old fig-tree, facing her sister, is the younger of these two little shrines. More adventurous, flightier, sadly tawdy ; making, however, with her gay dado of tiles, queer scrawling mottoes and cabalistic signs, a bright Eastern picture. She bears an airy little faQadt, of three or four horseshoe arches poised on slender spiral columns—discovered through their crust of crumb&ag; whitewash to be marble ; relics, possibly, of the old Roman city buried here. Two tin lanterns, stuck over with pink paper roses and guttered candle-ends, dangle to and fro under the arcade. At our first meeting the koubbas were simmering in a mellow glow, as if the centu ries of warmth and light were being returned to the pun which gave them. Nothing was wanting to complete the Eastern glamour of the whole : vivid sunshine; white domes clear cut against a blue sky; a tall palm with its swaying crown of feathers; a shrouded woman huddled against the wall, and her dirty child tumbling half-naked among the tombs; a hobbled donkey pain fully cropping here and there; and, as if to fill and crown the picture, a young Kabyle came presently out of the lean-to at the end of the court carrying a cruche in her hand. A grey petticoat, striped red and white, downjbo her knees,a loose muslin shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full bust, and a bright handkerchief in her glossy hair were all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage and unembarrassed step, her ruddy-brown clear skin and large shining eyes. She came, swinging the cruche, to the dilipidated old well in the middle of the court, and stood, leaning on one arm against the parapet while the bucket descended. Then she hauled it up hand over hand, with easy, sweeping strokes, her body bending to the weight Hke some slender poplar before a gale, her bare feet planted apart, grasping the soil as firmly as. its roots. A colour flushed her brown cheeks, and the light gleamed in her eyes; her soft lips parted to ease her breathing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with the hard work. The March wind caught her hair and blew it across her face; she tossed it back with a smile, and as she tossed threw a glance-at us over her shoulder, and smiled again. A fine, free young thing, innocent and frisky as a filly oat at grass, with a toilful, frugal life before her in the quiet court, until she marry some grave, Drown man of her own race, and raise up strong sons to sprawl as children in a sunny 'corner such as this, then to go forth to work tending goats, or hoeing vineyards on the rugged mountain sides or in the peaceful valleys of this beautifnl land of hers. This pretty creature was the daughter of the caretaker, and lived in the lean-to hut with I don't know how ° many generations of relatives; for, as well as women and girls, there was a swarm of children for ever crawling and scrambling about in the court. I watched often and carefully the Bimple life of the Kabyle family, and found it full of charm and suggestion. There was a gentle uncomplaining mediocrity about them all; a steady working for a few things,and a deep enjoyment of the wages thereof, a directness and innocence, and a vigonr which, as a lesson alone, were Tfprth going out to see. From Algiers, brightest, most motley, most self-seeking of sunny southern towns, where tbe French have signally bridged their gulf —flaying sore foundations of absinthe and hotel requirements to be fulfilled for sous— and converted their wild Arabs into flaneurs, chiffoniers, touts, quack guides, and what not (all which parts, be it said, the Arabs were very willing to play); from Algiers, I say, to the tranquil moments of this even life is a far cry, and hopefully sug gestive of a possible asylum from the noisy, blatant storm and stress amid which most of us sweat and groan our days away. ' Cemeteries and tombs are favourite haunts of the women in all Eastern countries, j and accordingly I find numbers of them here | every day. In the presence of the dead, it seems, they venture to disregard the living, for directly they hive entered the court and kissed the walls and a stray 6tone or so, they throw off their habarahs, and,,squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy themselves in their shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in the haharah, her legs swathed in thick folds of calico, each resembles her sister ghost, and shuffles on her same dull way encumbered with mystery—none of her seeking— draperies, and habies. Unveiled, $he mono tony is still there, far it goes deeper than the veil; and horrible it is to conclude, as irresistibly we must, that the clothes have become veritable Nessuo shirfcs; that) the shrouds once on can never come off again ; for if put away they are still there, shrouding soul instead of' body. And the shrouding here begins at1 fourteen; think of that! A mother of two children—a mere slip of a girl—comes nearly every day. Comes shuffling in, a drab bundle of a creature, dragging her babies with her; punctually kisses'the same stones, and then chatters in a thin voice for half-an hour. A more pathetic sight I think I never saw. Wan and lined and vacant; gossips a little; slanders in whispers and with eyes askance at the object of it, or at me; laughs shrilly without merriment, and always where to cry would be more to the purpose ; then riseB with a weary gesture and puts on the "sfiroud that never was off if she but knew it; and shuffles out again into her cage. These Kabyle dwellers in the lean-to are better off. No shrouds, palpable or inpalpable, for them. Hard work in plenty, and a bed as hard to rest on, scanty fore, a shed to cover them ; here are no luxuries, Cod wot. But free limbs and a hare head, bare, feet and a free soul, 3re gifts from the treasure-bouse of Mature, though now pex< baps sqtuewhat scorned and made }ight of by the qualms and whimsies of a high snifflng world. " Income of one hundred pounds a year," cries Carlyle, " and no dry rot in the soul of you anywhere; income of one hundred thousand pounds a year, and nothing but dry- and-wet £ot iij tlie soul of you (ugly appetites, unveracities, blusterous conceits, and probably—as symbol of all thing^-a pot-belly to your poor body itself); oh, my friends!"—Temple Bar. 