WAS IT A GHOST THE" SAW ? Mrs IT, , JENNINOS liVes at No 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, antdl Miss Minnie Parrot board with lher. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) tile two women lockeud all the doors and went to the theatre, 16aving not a soul in the house. Tlhey left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past cleven they returned, antd entered the house laughing antd talking. iBut as they went into thbO parlour the toerry humour died outof them in a etacont, Right in the middle of tihe room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper partof his face wat concealed by a mank, his eyes gleaming through the cyelholes S it. His abirt-leevoes were rolled up, and In one hand be carried a long old.fashioned pistol; The womnca cld ecreaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in the room five tinutes latar he found no onu in the parlour and all the doors and window, securely taoked. What wse it the women s??a I "During a recent period of ill bhralthb,i' writes an Amerlcan friend, "I had slept badly forseveral stceesslve nights, On tihe fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I sas suddenly arousid from a doze by what somreed like the calling of my name ; anl at the foot of the bal stood the imagoe of my mother just as she looked live years before, as she was leaving homrne to go on a journey, on which journey ohe wvas killed in a railwav disaster, I screamed andl fainted. I was fo lish enough to tell of it, and lthe local old woroen gossips said it was a summorns and I would never get well. Yet- I did, and am in perfect heallh norW. I believe that vision ceme of my weak- eva-es, foe l've sever seen it since, and it's more thai three yr urs r:go now." bno doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the ncrvers will play off onl you when your system is outof condition. In lMarch, 1890, it ais, that Mrs Jane Foster. of Darracott HReat, Poketsdown, lHant, wIrote as follows :-" 1 tias so devrdf(llll ncroeus I coultl not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far awaty in case I sbeh lni call out for help. This was In Jtne, 1889., 1 slept very hadly, anti in the morning felt little the better for h;,vine gone to bed. There was ofter, a Fsevers pain in my head anti over my eyes, aol I was sick moeet of the tithe. My skin was dry anti yellow, andi the stomach andt bowels felt cold anil deadn. lt-andt-ily I had - to lic helpless in bedl. The dtoctor eaid he didint know what mty complaint was. I took nothing hut liqulid iood, anrdl could not retain even that on my rtomach. By this timc.I was nothing bitskn and bone, Mymemory completely failc?. My head ached so dread fully I thought I tahould lose my ocntce anti my tfrieds atttl thatL I wolli never'get belter. - I )ha l given np ?lil hdpe. wheu one day Mre \West ,f llourlimoouth, oailed and taikedi what I was taking. Shu eajil -he was hcrs-lf 'once just. is bad'y aff, rand was cared by Mothter 8. iel's (Coaative I yrop. As .hal seemCtd ,t have io nmuch faitl, int thi mediolno, I aited it. ant ia three daya I wOa table to wnlk aero.t the ro:om, andl by tiheo ead of lthe weak I went atowltnitais. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my flood, and all my ntarvouaneas has left me." lThe malady Mrs 'oster ouffered from was indigestiont and dyspepia anud ncrvcuo pros. tration. The original cautse was griefi and shock at the violent death of Ilher hiusbatd, by accident, ani the system rallied only when the Syrup had given newv vigour to tile digestion and thus fedl and toned the alervos, Whatever tiny be your opinion of the BIridgeport ghost, it remainsi true that most uncanny visions andl aouanls mean faothing more or laas than a set of nerves all uplet, by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghcost come fromn the inside of the peraon whlo stces themn a-rid when Mother Sreigoel'a yrup does its work the ey:s : arl ears entertain only wlat is ntlrarul and welaesome. 