A FEARFUL CAB RiDE. IhAD takesn a carriage to go hooln from I the mecotig of thei lonevolent Flannol *ociation, of which I nln a memnber, for it as a pouring rain, anod no umbrella was of ,sty nvnil; ntul we hadl gone just about half a mile tthrontg the ditsmal stroot, whoen tio driver sulddenlly otoppld, and called through tho little window oil the roof " Madaml." " \'cill." said L. " Could you do me a favour-mo and a poor half.drowned lady out here ? Sile wants Ime to tako Iher in. Of coltro, it would bie a Food thiung fotr no, with Iny big family antd ow wages, nod it would be a chnarity to her, poor thing, on such a day; but of course, if you object-" Ohl no, I don't ojoect," said I. "I wouldnl't keop a womanI out in such a storm for worlds. L.t her in." "Thankyo," sati tle drivor. And I opo ed the door. III a instant ia woman had hurried in and ltkotn iher sait opposite nme. Sihe was a pretty woman, with a dark complexion and long black hair, braided odldly enough in two pigtails like a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps shei was 30. She wore a nonurninggown,elaborately trimmed, a breakfast cape, and a little sealskin cap lthat miglt as well have been a man's as a otunall's. Sie ntad no gloves, no umbrella, no waterproof cloak, and I felt sure, as I looked at her, that she had been obliged to go out in the rain to call the doctor to a child with tlhe croutp, or to somuono who lhad mot witll an accident, for site Ilad seemed to for get hoter own conmfort entirely. 1 felt sorry fot her as shoe wiped 11eo poor little wet hands on her handkerclhief, and looked piteously at her wet dress. But to speak to a stranger is seltc a stop for al woImilln, ntd slhe had not tictered so mluch as a "tllalllnk you " for my courtesy, though she hall two or three tines looked stralgighlt into tmy face wilth her big blnack oes. I sat in silence, Ileroforo, until at loast she fixed a long strady gaze upon mile, and said: " It is a wet, uncoltfortable sort of world after all, isn't it ?" " Indeed, it seemqs so to-day," I said, with a glance at the lead.eololure hky, 1t Atd it never ralll in Iheaven,o said sie. " Oh, 11o." "I ihople not, I ant sure," said I. "Whe re stormslll do tnot col," she repeated, as though matoking a lq otlation. " Of cours it idoes not. llt thou," s?th adled uiltickly, "you oo one stays with tlone's hilsbalnd nl childron it ally cost. Ast long ios they are in this chilly, wretched world, ono must wish to stay." "Indeed, yes,"said lI. And thlloen, seeing that silo was agitated, and remembeoring y fancy that sho was going fora doctor, I said, haphazard: "Andtl when anyoni we love is ill, we grow gloomny, and fear all sorts of tlitngs'," SYes," said site, "Illavo a husband, the dearest follow, and two pretty ohildrenll- pretty and good tas a motller could wish and how allxiolls they wore when I was so ill. Terribly anxious. It criedl-a groat, stout tman. Yes, lie cried. Of course the little onles did. Atul when I died-- " " \Vlle you died t" I repeated. " l Oe, when I died," site said, in a louder tone. "WhVen I died, I say, he fillted. Oh, you thik it stranglle that I should speak of myelf so, 'obody believes tomeo; but It's truo. I am not living; I am only mntto rialised." I could nob mnnko any answer to tills ; I only sllShrtk away into the corner of the car ritgeo, for thouglh I had no idea that I was in companlly with a ghost, her words mande me nlorvous. We had yet a long way to go, though the driver was doinlg Ilis best, and whallt with tlhe clatter of tle Ihoso's houfe, the patter of theo rlin, and the usual noises In the streoot, I doulbtod if I coultl nnko my voice heard if it becamlo necessary. " Yes," the lady went on-" yes, I have a friend who is a spiritualist, and I went to her it onte, and as soon as I appoored to her site kindly materiarlised tme, and I wanllt to stay so. I want to stay materiallsed, because, don't you seo, though it never railns in heaven, I mtust stay with nly husbandt anod little ones, if I can. They'd miss mte nno." "Oh, you wil," TI ald, fIn some tropidtl tion; "you surcly will. Lot us driveo to your ithouse, uand as soon as your children ilss you, you will know thllt you are no lollger a spirit. Haveo you told the drivor where to go? Sall I I" Sihe put her blind upon my arm and drew me doivwn, as I arose to cndeavoor to call the driver, " Stop," slto said t as soon as I cross the thtresholdl whlro my corpse is lyitg I shall be a n horrible ghost igalo, antid frigite bllolem all. )on't you konot tlhat? Sit own I" I sat down. Site kolbt her hand oni my " Listen I" said shlt t" t6n't you hear the sounds behind its? Spirits colming to carry Ino to henven. I don't want to go to hcavoen; but there la only one way to avoid it. Tlhe spirits wallt a spirit to takeo away, and it must bo a young woman's spirit. You-you are about mlly ago, arc you not 1" "i IuppJos soo," said L , Yes,' said sheo; "ald have you a Iouse band." "I amn a widow," said 1. "Good," sanidc sto. "How lucky that is I You'll want to go go heaven becanso your lhusbantd is tllorOl I want to stay bcause minell s here. Como, I'll send your spirit with thelln--you'll lot me, won't you I" Iltadl grown very cold, and folt that I was tremnbling very much, but I found power to ask her wllnt scomed to myself thouan to be a very inportant question, "Huow would you do it? It dopends a little on thllat----" "Oh1," said sho," as rot nolt, there Is just one way. I must cutb your throat-but 1 Iave a very shar t razor, and It wonl't hurt at all.' It's tuch the boast for ts both, you soe my Iusband being hero, yours there. And thoso spirit, with thcir whlito wings and cold lhanllds ill never know." Sheo droew a razor from her pooket as she epoko and oponed it. I madoe one dash for thle door--wllohb I asould.have.madd sooner. hnd I geuossed at the hidden weaplon, you may be certain--but as I did so Itr face clhnged, lier eyes flashod furiously, and shi lutllhed me by the throat. I gave a wild scream, tile carringeo stopped, and I'hcard anmidst my terror the voices of two men slouting somotling close beside us, Tlloe tite woman was struggling In a polIcenman's arms, and agoutlenan Ihold tho rnzor in his hIanids atnd folded it away in its =lheath. Tlloro was another carriago bosidos ours, and tltoso two mnon Ihad sprullng from lb. "Madanm, I liopo you are ulhanrmodt" said the gontloman, spneaktng witl a sllght foreign acconb. " Yes, I aln thnnidul to say I am," said I. " You know Wn Int b all msans o " sakl he. "It was a fine minld thatl b illlonss warped so terribly, She hlis boon ill, and nho- believes Iiorsoelf now a opirt. It is a dolusion of ltrs thbnt If sllo cann soend a spirit to Iloneavon she ny reomnaln here hlorsolf, Mly poor Isadora I Forgih uos thle terror you Ilnavo folt. Wo htouglltb hIer well.wnatched, but sielo soalned us. I boliove thlabt dwollng too tuoh on spiritunlisnm Ilnas cansed anll ths." 'lThen heIo bowed, and tfollotrcd IIs witfe into thie othler carriage, and I enatw heor allging to him as they drovo anrway,.-llomeland. 