? When I was a ład of seventeen, I waa office boy for Pinkerton'e Philadelphia agency, aud was just wild, of course, to bo f-ent. oat 011 a case. Every time the captain got a new job I wpuld slide up to him aud say : " Cap'n, you'd better let me go out oij that," a ud he would answer with.& quizzical grin, "Not this time, Hany. Wait till tlie nest case." Along in December of that year there wrs a great rush of Jiusiness at our office. We had iifteen detectives, all old experienced hands, and they were 011 the jump nigntand day. We could not handle tha biusiness that was coming in, and the captain calling out in fun from his private office, " 1 jjuess we'll have to let you take the next, case, Hairy." Hai iily lia.i he said the words when the door opened and a raw old countryman entered. He proved to be Joe Baylis, a SI outgomery county justice of the peace, an«i lie wanted the captain to send a man down with him to attend to a ghost who wis cutting didos at Fort Washington. Tiie captain told him he would send a juan as toon as he had one at his disposal. Tiie old fellow left and I jumped to my feet. " Captain," I said, "send me on the cn.-e." The captain leaned back in the chair and looked at me hard. "See here, Harry," he said, " suppose I were tosendyou, what would you do T' 1 outlined a very elaborate campaign npaiiitt tlie ghost. He let me finish and i tlieu said : " You'd make a confounded ass 1 of ,„f yourself; \- , now, wouldn't -,—, you? - You'd make us the Whjng stock of the town. f\ou listen. In the hrst place, always bear in mind there is no such thing as a ghost, I. I send you to Fort Washington, got here with that idea in your head. There is no such thing as a ghost. If you see the ghost and get near enough, jump for it. It will turii out to be a haman being—no doubt of that. Now, Til let you go and try youi- hand. If you see the ghost and think you can't haudle it, lie low and follow it and see who it is." The i-aptain gave me money and away I went. I lelt pretty brave, for it was broad daylight then, but there were times when 1 wished myself well out of the thing. I t'"'- to Fort Washington about threeo'clock uu>i inquired the way to the haunted house from tue station agent. I found it on a lull about iiaif a mile from the town, and looked itover with interest and apprehension. It was an old white frame mansion *-tau-15:ig 111 Park-like grounds with plenty ou; houses about it. Some countiymen wiio-.u 1 met, told me that the ghost was in the habit of standing on top of the I i uaii stnue wall that skirted the roadway. 'j'here was an outhouse so situated that ai:v one concealed in it could overlook the v. i.o:e stretch of wall from end to end, and 1 lniane up my mind that this was the piace for uie to get iuto before the ghost mado Its appearance. Then I went back to tiie hotel, took rnj- supper and chatted \v;tli the waiters and a few loungers about the ghost. I learned that it first appeared about three weeks before my arrivaL A man named JIcTauish, an ignorant farm hand, was the first person to encounter it. He was coming to the town one night from the grist-jaill with a sack oi' meal on his back, aud paused for a moment in front of the old house to set tlie i a;j down on a stump and rest his shoulder. He heard a voice behind him, au 1 taming round saw standing on. tiie wali a ń-iire lie afterwards said was fifteen feit hitjii at least. He did not stop to observe the ligure very carefully, though, but its hard as knew how down the m.! i A est night a party of men saw the ^i.c .-t i-.ni they also ran. They said the m:\tle alter them breathing fire and iwini.-tonc ond acting in a peculiarly weird ii:i;.oly manner. After that the house v..i- avoided at night, but several strong ?'ii:.es of iiieii, including the select men of Ł!.t- to., ii. s;iw the yhost from a respectful (l...ta::ve. It approached them in each c iso. iU:d in each case they took to their . . . . dusk 1 stole down to the deserted in u e, ::!ni it was dark when I got there, i •! iiioii^; the wall to the outhouse, c: ; li.utiously in aud shut the door i u. iiy had I shut the door when I knew t',is; lucre was some other person in that • >:itii">iife. I felt sure there was somebody 1 io-e to my elbow. I was trembling like a 1 •..!'. i ut i managed to pull a match from ji-v pocket aud strike it. I held it up. It fch'.'-.vvst iiie a big white muffled ligure not two feet away. Then the match went out '.'"is.'j i scared f Wei!, now, I should say so. There are s.c:iie people who laug': at the idea of a 1:1.1:1 's :.air standing on end. They say it is a physical impossibility, but 1 know bet ter. I could feel my hair rise right up and iilt my hut, and mv flesh crept. But I iia.i to jump. I shut my eyes and giitii'oed for the ghost. I was so Lightened 1 seemed to lose consciousness for a moment, but grabbed something and held 0:1. When the first shock passed I ie!t the ghost tugging aud pulling to get away from me. It seemed as badly frightened as 1 was, and its hands were soft and warm. " Don't hurt me," it said in a terrified voice. I had no voice to reply with. I was ciio!::iil', but I pulled my captive'out on i-.vv.ji and looked at it in the moonlight. The sheet that had been muffled aMiut the figure,, fell to the ground—a putty girl of 15 was disclosed. I was j.. a ciiid perspiration and shaking as if r ecovering from a shock of electricity, but when 1 saw that I had caught a real jynnine flesh and blood girl, and no ghost, 1 iM'jj-iu t<> feel better and presently was a I ile to talk. •• W Lu are you ?" he asked. "Jennie Uaylis." " W hat! the daughter of Joe Baylis J" " Ve-, sir." W Suit are you doing this for T' i'l.e girl began to ciy. She said she Jiiul not meant any harm. She and her ter had played ghost just to have some i 'i,. 1. ZIrr sister was usually with her, but ^Ijil not cotue this nighty as she was too she had heard from, her father that a detective was coining to catch the ghost, but thought he was not due for a i.ny or two, and resolved to make one last iiupeariince and then give up the perforii*iii:ice till things caltnejl flojm. " Who arc you T' she j&sked.; "I'm the-detective;" I saidi Sue iuoked me over in evident awe and coastuKu&on;, tinged with some surprise 012 aecoaiitof my age. " \\\ iiut are you going to do with me ?" " I Sha'l have to expose you7' Tiie jin-i cried again aud begged to be rcScasi-d .ind allowed to go home, but that injt suit jne at all. I said ehe was my miso^er <iuj as such I must deliver her up to the authorities, and after 'a "good <ii ;:i of waiting, she suggested" i&at; I had better gn e her up to her own father. I agiw.l to that, and picking up the sheet, 1 jn'li! her ann and took her -with me to her father's honse, about a mile distant. _ "Don't yon know yoa jmjght have been Wiled by some of those people you frightened!" lasted. "No, sir, I never thought of that. Everybody who saw me ran away." When we got to the farm-house where Jennie lived it was half-past nine o'clock. Everybody was in bed and the lights were all out, but I boldly knocked at the door. A window opened and a man's voice said: "Who's there i" "Me." "Who's me ł" t " The detective." 1 You're rather late. Why did you not wait till to-morrow I Better come round and see me in the morning." "I want to see you now. I have the ghost." At this the window was closed with a bang, and I heard hurried steps on the stair. The door opened and old Baylis stood in the doorway. He was draped in a very long old-fashioned white gown aud wore a tall steeple-shaped night-cap. one hand help up a tin candlestick and the other shaded the light. A circle of beard sweeping under his chin from-ear to ear made him look very comical. He looked at me in astonishment and when he saw his daughter and the sheet I thought he was going into convulsions. "You, Jennie !" he asked at length. . " Yes, father," said Jennie very humbly. Old Baylis sighed and said "Come in." He sent for theneighbours immediately. I don't know what was said at their meeting, for I was not admitted to it, but old Baylis gave me a letter to the captain and packed me off on the midnight train Next morning X reached thetffioe early and \---I captain to detail them. The men grinned at me -and passed the time of day pleasantly enough. They all knew-where I had been and anticipated a wonderful tale of idisaster and defeat which they were ready to laugh at, although I was a favourite with them, having done many a piece of extra work for every man there. " I thought I sent you to Fort Washington, Harry T said the captain. " les, sir." " Made an ass of yourself I suppose ?" " There's a letter, sir." While the captain read the letter the men guyed me. " This is a veiy nice letter, Harry," said the captain. "Boys, the youngster captuaed the ghost." "Did he ?' said the men. " Yes, sir, he did. The boy is a credit to us," and then the captain read the letter of the selectmen out loud. At every sentence I grew a foot. " Well, how did you do it ?" several inquired. I told the storv, and you may be sure I did not refrain from giving myself plenty of credit My tela was very highly coloured. When it was concluded, Long Jim Langdon drawled out: "Harry, tell the honest truth. Was you frightened when that m *ch went out ?" "No, Of course not!" said L But I was frightened" two years later, when I asked the ghost to marry me, and I thought -she was going to say no. However, she didn't—" Texas Sittings." Flattery is like Cologne-water—to be smdt of, but not swallowed.' Caller : " Bridget, is your master in yet ?" Bridget: " No, sorr, he's out on bail." If some were half so big as they think they ore the world would have to be enlarged. " None but the brave deserve lite Air." And even the brave can't live with some oi 'fin. Smith; "Do you believe in the faith cure?" Brown: "It cured me." "Of what?" " Faith." Insulted Gentleman: " Tou are indebted to my cowardice, you young scoundrel, that I don't knock you down. Seasoning powers are denied to animals, and yet, in a close decision with a bnlldog, a man finds it difficult to ttoldliis own. Bejected suitor: "Alas! what worse fate than to be fired with love ?" Ejected suitor' (sadly): " Fined -without love." "I do love dress," .exclaimed a young society belle. "Then 1 should think you would wear more of it," replied a cynical bachelor. Girl Hooking at hammock): " £r—arent these a little small, sir-?" Dealer: "Plenty oig enough to hold two, miss." Gill blushes and buys one. Kooponn: "By the "way, Bonds, what caused the decline in your, bank shares to-day —dividends off ?" Bonds (laconically): "No, cashier." Miss Charity: " Is your husband addicted to the use of alcoholic stimulants?" Becipient of alms: " No, indade, mum, nothe; his only failin' is drinkin'." Mother (reading): " <A machine has been invented that will fling a man 1500ft. into the air.'" Pretty daughter: "Horrors3 Don't let pa hear of it." He: " I'm the piano-tuner, mum." She: " I haven't sent for any. piano-tuner." He: *' Yes, mum, I know, mum; it were the gentleman nest door sent jne.here, mum.' During a very wet En miner, a gentleman ventured to congratulate his umbrella maker. " Yes} that's all very well, sir," he replied; " bat then there's nothing whatever doing in parasols." Mr. Phunnyman:" My deu, did you know that Noah understood all about electricity ?" Mrs. Phunnyman: " No; did he T' Mr. Phunnyman: "Why, yes; he made the are light on Ararat." Sunday-school teacher (speaking of the conscience): "After you have done something which you ought not to do, what is it, Bobby, that makes you feel so uncomfortable and unhappy?" Bobby; "Pa." Inventor: " I would like to -get you interested in my improved fly-paper"' Capitalist: What makes you think it win be successful?" Inventor: '' Because ifs gotten up in imitation of a bald head." Young lady (in "book store): -." A volume of poetry, please. "Tes, ma'am. aEr—what author ?" " Oh, I don't care anything about the author, but the cover must harmonise with a cherry parlour teble -with a redplnsh top." Furniture dealer (to elderly maiden): "And there is another advantage, ma'am, which the folding bed has over -tiie ordinary land." Elderly maiden: ''What is tb«t, sir ?" Furniture dealer: "Ton don't have to,look under it to see. if there is a malt (here." Cousin Jane: "And" doesn't Pefer Stay at home any night of the wed:? Why, he followed J'Oli over half the Continent before you gave your consent," Young wife: "I know it, my dear. IJavep't yop heard before of a woman marrying a man to cef fid of him?" " I think we shall hare to tay^gain,"-liemarked the photographer as he Critically examined the negative. " The expresnOn Js too stern and forbidding." " The Jiegative is all right," said the customer, picking uphis hat. " Ąll I wanted was aporizait'tosendto^ my wile's mtsf, (She's thinking ofviytjuigjlE this season." Save money by sending to Lincoln. and. Co. Ltd,, Flinders St, AielbourBe, ^tbe largeattailoring establishment injiiBjCHty. A gecnine ftll-wool suit to ipeaaoK^ ^lk, Ask for their book on the " rhilosophy -of Dress.* 1 they will poet it to you free ; also patterns, and instructions fęr ^łt-meisirrement » - * ' - 