feOINGS IN AUSTRALIA Atff) THEREABOUT. (obbomioled by randolph bediohd.) A weekly resume df happen ings withIn the federation- to-be /WJj TM Mitral AMoeitUUn q/SournalUtt,) Melbournbj 5th December. Ik the year of disgrace 93» a coroner's " jiiry, by direction of the coroner, has found that one James Costello, who was refused admission to the Melbourne Hospital and who died some few hours later, would have died anyway, and that nobody was to blame. Costello, a quafrylhan, wits struck by the handle of a winch, causing partial paralysis and a few superficial wounds. A fellow- workman took him to the hospital, where Dr. Player treated him as suffering only from a cut in the head. Player was asked to admit Costello to the hospital and refused, saying, "There is nothing the matter with him. he's shamming." So Dempscy took his mate to the Alfred Hospital where he was admitted and intelligently treated. However, .he died next morning. The natural direct con clusion from all this is that if Player doesn't know enough to differentiate between shamming and paralysis, he has just sufficient medical knowledge to be a success as a journeyman butcher, and no more. Dr. Youl, on the other hand, says that the "depressed financial state of Melbourne, and the insufficient accommodation caused the refusal of admission to Costello, but the man couldn't'- live anyway, -and the. doctor was not to blame." Whether the man was cast for death, or not mdtturs little, it is sufficient for us to know that he was refused adequate treatment. Cause" the depressed financial state." Cause of that ; again— r" the bank boodkrs who weep about the injustice of | their prosecution by the law." It would , appear that the dethroned Gods of Victoria are the cause of everything. Meanwhile Jame?.- Costello Is exceedingly dead— said death has been rendered moire unbearable by the refusal of a see-nanght doctor. This is a great country to have your back broken in— really.it is. " ' 1 Premier Patterson goes to the Alps, that | good old explorer, Lands- Secretary Howitt, piloting him to Omeo by a new track. Lands-Minister M'Intyre has landed at the Bluff .(M.L.), and is to be shown all over the village settlements and the meat-freezing works by officers of the Maoriland Govern ment, who will point out the Moa and the Dodo, and the Woman's Suffrage League, and other things while they arc resting tA:mselves. Webb, the Minister for Agriculture, who has done nothing much since he captured his portfolio, 'and the perfunctory M'Colli are not going anywhere up te date. This alleged " back bone " ministry is a dreary failure after all. Patterson is strong, but so is a steam roller, and we don't make a Premier of a steam roller — that is not very often. As for the rest of the team, my possession of about a gallon of the milk of human kindness, prevents the mentioning them further. One otherwise law-abiding man will ever be execrated by an obscure few for having con cern in the conversion of an inoffensive postman, into a glorified book- fiend, whose head might have been a head very long ago, but which now has the appearance of having been dumped in a wool press. To the uninitiated a reportorial post on a ..Metropolitan daily seems a fine thing, when it is really a miserable existence, that is to the' man .who has any opinion of his own, and is something more than a king parrot. The standard of daily journalism is such that in anv big population 90 per cent, ot the available literary ability is attracted to the weeklies and magazines. The daily paper is the literature of the mass, .and,, therefore, neither the good nor the bad are wanted, but only the mediocre — the people who know just enough to avoid winding up their theatrical critique with " It took well and gave pleasure to all." The men who arc too good to remain reporters all their lives, arc as much outside the daily as the men who have sufficient journalistic ability to be clerks and not enough to write paragraphs about railway returns or to record the dodderings of the fat men of the -legislature. Why don't these incapablcs do something else, say you? Because in out- living the gbmour-time when they thought reportorial work was all honor and glory, they have out- lived all fitness for anything but halting paragraphs and death. The shamelessly-sweating evening papers pay these incapables anything from ten shillings to a pound a week for doing all the news of a' suburbun district. Young in- capables, middle-aged, careless mediocrities, old men who were once fairly successful and have dropped out of the running, fill these positions. One of these suburban corres pondents died the other day, allegedly of inflammation of the bowels. Men who knew this unfortunate, say the inflammation was only a result — that the cause was 'starvation. While this man died of simply want . 01 tucker, a dull and respectable section of reporters' award .themselves medals— (why- not tripe by the way)— and the, rag ;whicii employed the dead scribbler talks holily of the duty wc.owe our fellows, and is published in ah atmosphere half meanness and half cant. The journalist is; always poor, and. therefore, has a direct interest rin breaking down the monopolies of hind and opportunity, which are only kept alive by the advocacy of a daily, press, one half corrup tion and the other half blockhead, and yet the journalist goes on from decade to decade, supporting his.' natural enemy. These- things make me very, very tired. I always write verse when 1 am weary. See some here. You must understand that, a sub- editor's duty is not so much to put things into the paper, as to keep things out, ».r., things that reflect on the man with the Paris hat. Now then, ghost of the starved corres pondent, and mediocrities who will go the same way in the logical course of events, are you listening? This Is the news hack's end— this Is his bitter meed- He who has earned Ills bread by dully destroying tho truth, He who hath sold himself to the Ran in his dally need— Ruthless the truth he slew— now docs he know no ruth— Renegades all from the men of the people, whose men ore yc— Spies for the enemy, slain at last by the enemy. Ye have grown old in lies. Bees of the dally rag 1 Closing your eyes to the truth ; writing as you've ' been hired; Drowning a new world's cry with whoops for a king-curscd flag; Helping to stamp on them by whom ye were borne and sired; 4nd at last, when your eyes are dim with the Rag- work s premature age, The cashier rufes your account !q red and turns to the new slave's page. Jlen of thcmany are ye— Claquers are ye for the BUt fmcat PeopIe s men' earnInG by lying your By upholding the old which Is dead, by stifling the Good which is New— 6 The mass would reach sooner the spoil, but ve make the way slip from their feet ; For ye of the army of wrong arc worse than the soldiers of swords, They deal for the few paltry wounds-ye ficht with indelible words. Blind are yc! Blind arc ye all that ye see not the People's strength. Blind are ycl Blind are ycall all) that ye see not tho foe 8 decay; Desert ye your taskmaster's ranks 'ore the war-shock come at length, , And ye tarry so long In the dark that your eyes Krow blind to Ihe day. ' Lie then no more fpr your foes I Truth Is your brother s meed I Follow rmfuUowlng Rags I Lead on the Prints At tho City Boot Shop at tho .comer of George and Cameron Streets, Laoneeston Mr R, Young is now showing a splendid col- lection of boots, shoes slippers etc.; all easj fitting ntld good wear. The famous cham pion kip bluchers and gents calf boots,Derby or Oxford cut are also in stock at this estab lishment, 