Presbyterian General Assembly. OPENING PROCEEDINGS. The thirty-eighth session of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland was opened in the Wickhamterrace church on Tuesday. The attendance of representatives to the Assembly and of the general public was fair. Bribing Moderator's Sermon. The Bey. C. J. Lkjate (Warwiok), the retiring moderator, preached from Hebrews xii., 28. Taking the words of the text as re ferring to the Christian Church, he alluded to the law of change and commotion which at present was working everywhere and in every thing. The new ago on the threshold of which the world stood was fraught with changes that deeply oonoerned the weal or woe of our raoe in ways that Gould not yet be foreseen. This new age was making new and increas ing demands upon the Christian Church even the enemies of which were challenging it to awake and put on its strength. Different opinions existed as to what the Churoh of the future would be, but the ohurch that was to be in the twentieth oentury would be that which was inaugurated in the first century—that which was and is, the light of the world, the temple of God, although modifications might have to be made to meet the necessities of the changing conditions of human life, and the increasing requirements of the time. In the Church of the future there would be less chnrchism and more oharity between the various sections. One of the leading tendencies of the time was towards federation, and we might look for the federation in some form of the evangelical Churches of Christendom. Uniformity, even| if it could be brought about, would be unnatural, but what we might look for was a praotioal realisation of tho common brotherhood of the people of God. Church councils would take the place of con troversy and co- operation the place of ecclesiastical hostility. The world was sick of chnrohism, but it was longing for Christianity. The coming Christian Churoh would make less of creeds and more of Christ than in the past; the Churoh of the coming age wonld put in the forefront not the fossilised article of a creed, but the love of a living Christ. Another feature doubtless of the Church would be the wider scope it would embrace in its aim and efforts. It would address itself more than in the past to the everyday needs of human life, by a more com prehensive application of the principles of Christianity to the oircamstances of the time. The Church of the future would be greatly more aggressive. The Christian Church in recent times was awakening to a measure of JbHsionaxy zeal and energy such as was at one time not even dreamt of. It had much yet to shake itself free from; worldly ambition, tradi tional pride, old-standing prejudioe, and un sympathetic coldness. All that was more and more taking plaoe. Amid the commotions that agitated the world of human life the Churoh was arising and shaking itself free from many things that had hindered its pro |TWB in the past. The Church that would take Bold on the life and faith of the future would not do so because of the satisfaction with which it might seek to sustain a reputation by the memory and inspiration of its sufferings and achievements in the past, or the zeal with whioh it might fondle some visionary claim of apostolic succession. These things were being regarded aa but useless adjuncts amid the pretting demands of the time. The go aheadism of the age was even now imparting iteelf. In the Church as in the world organisa tion was the order of the day. There were Missionary, temperance, Christian endeavour organisations, and many such, indicating that the Church was rising to the occasion and would, by greatly increased aggressiveness, keep abreast with the accelerated movement 8 of the age. Moderator's Addhess. The Row It. Krrr (Toowong) was [then appointed moderator, and on taking the chair delivered a stirring address on " Our opportuni ties as a Church in Queensland.' He said :— I chose that theme for two reasons. First, it is a natural sequel to the inaugural addresses of , the last two years. In 181)1 Dr. Hay spoke , ably and eloquently ot the Presbyterian Church and its mission. Last year our respected ex moderator showed whence came the power to . fulfil that mission—the power of the Holy Ghost. It seems only natural, therefore, now , to speak of our place in this land, of our i position and prospects, our power and possibility 1 of work in this land for Christ, and of the j opportunities and means within our reach for ' its accomplishment. T.—.What have we Done? The Presbyterian Church of Queensland is now nearly thirty years old. On the 25th November, 1863, the scattered fragments repre senting the three groat divisions of Presby terian ism in Scotland, and the Presbyterian Church in Ireland, consummated otlioially their union as the Presbyterian Church of Queensland. The newly formed Church had but six ministers, and contained but one Presbytery. Now we have five Presbyteries, forty-six ministers, and fifty congregations, with a membership of 5600\. We have extended our influences until now we reach inland to St. George and Charle ville in the South, Isisford and Barcaldine in the Centre, and Winton and the regions beyond in the North, and we have churches and ministers in almost every town of importance along the coast from Cooktown to the Tweed. In the Brisbane Presbytery alone we have twenty one charges and twenty ministers, not counting those who are unattached—a number more than three times greater than in the whole colony at the union in 1863. Besides lengthening our cords we have been strengthening our stakes. Our church buildings in Brisbane are second to none in the colony. In other towns and districts churches and manses of a solid and enduring character are to be seen; our in fluence on the community ha? strengthened, and our power for good cannot be measured by numbers, or valued by pounds, shillings, and pence. ll.—What is still to he Dost. But with all that has been done much remains undone. Let me trouble you with a few figures. They are based upon the statistics of 1891, because they are more complete and more favourable to us than those of 1892. We had 32 congrega tions returning members on roll 30">7, average 114; add 17 congregations sending no returns, Bay, 1938; that would give a total of 5595 members on roll. We had 32 schools returning 4863, average 155; add 17 schools sending no returns, say, 2635 ; total, 7498 scholars on roll; say, in round numbers 7500 scholars ; to these add for under age 2000; that would make a total of 9500 children. Now we have 5595, or. say, 5000 members; add to these, say, ad herents 10,000; that would be adults 15,000; a grand total of adults and children in our churches and Sunday schools of 25,100. In the census of 1891 there were of Presbyterians in Queensland 45,639. In round numbers there are over 20,000 of our people in the colony who are not within the influence of our Church organisation. That is one way of putting it. Here is another:—Although the Anglicans and lloman Catholics have respec tively 91 men and 77 men, relatively wo are better off than they are. The Anglicans have one minister to every 1563 persons, and the lloman Catholics one minister to every 1204; we have a minister to every 992. On the other hand the6s,oooodd of other Protestantshave 152 ministers. In the same proportion we should have 104. So you see with all we have done we might have done more. At least, we have not done all and not so much as others. And there is much still to be done. lll.—What is Possible For Us? What, then, is possible, for us? Without question the field is wide, the needs are many, and the opportunities are great. We live in a new oountry, where the first comer has the best chance. Pioneer work is rough work and hard work; but if it be done well, generations un born will bless the doer. If we can lay in this country foundations of truth and righteousness 6uch as our Presbyterian fathers from Ulster— Makemie, Trail, Makie, Davis, Hampton, and Tennent—helped to lay in the United States of America, we shall not have lived in vain ; and who knows but that the Presbyterian Church of Australasia may be greater than the great Presbyterian Church of the United States? No Church in Queensland has the opportunity of laying broad and deep foundations in the hearts of the scattered people of this land that 'we have. What Oun Work Means. But this question comes up—What is our aim in seeking thus to spread the influence of our Church abroad ? Is it to build up an ecclesiastical system or to glorify Presby terianism? No. Our planting churches is only a means to an end. What we are here for is to point men and to bring men to Christ. Onr business as a Church is to realise this ideal in this colony. Our work ib to bring the life of Christ into contact with every phase of real life in this land in which we dwell. Anyone can see that it is not realised. There are many evil influences at work. Many are outside of all godly influences. Many are openly hostile. Indifference is widespread. Infidelity has much opportunity for diffusion. If we would have Christ in every heart and the Ruler of every life and the Friend of every home, there if) much to be done. But there are hindrances —hindrances for lack of men. We want more men. We want them for Charle vilie, ThargomindaU, Cairns, Cooktown, and other towns and villages. We •want more unity—l mean unity of work. There is not enough cohesion between our different congregations. There is too much of living each a law to themselves. There is more of Congregationalism than of Presby terianism. Too many of us, I fear, regard this Asnembly as a legislature simply, and not as an executive. The support to the schemes and funds of the Church is of the most meagre and haphazard description. We want more faith. "All things are possible to him that believeth." On every hand the talk is of financial depression. Banks are failing, in comes are curtailed, labour is abundant, but work is scarce and wages scarcer. All this is true. But, fathers and brethren, the worst kind of depression is spiritual depression, and from that I am afraid we are suffering a great deal. Thero are Anakims, and Amalekites, and Jebusites, and Amorites, and Canaanites, and walled cities and strong foe 3 in the land into which God bids us go up. But what of that? "We are well able to overcome them." He that is -with us is more than they that are with them. The Lord goes before us and He will fight for us. Oh, for more faith, for more of God's spirit, and then we should go forward and do valiantly for the oause of our God. One of- our brethren who -is not present, writing to me a week or two ago and congratulating me on my nomination to the occupancy of this chair, expressed the hope that my year of office might mark a new era for us as a Church. I pray God that that hope may be realised, and I' know this, the religion that is not a missionary religion dies. The Church that is not a missionary Church meets the same fate. We must be a missionary Church, or we shall die, and we deserve to. And do you know what presses upon me ? It is this thought: We arc at a crisis in our history as a Church as well as a colony. A bold policy, a vigorous policy; a policy that i 3 prepared to give up all for Christ that we may win this land for him, that goes forward trosting only in God —will meet with its great reward; but a hesi tating, cowardly, easy-going policy means decay, atrophy, death. We stand to choose be tween two thiDgs. Shall we stand still, content if we get our own ease, while others step onward and take the prize; or shall we press forward to win this land for Christ for the welfare of man and the glory of our God ? Let U3 cease crying unto God ! Let us arouse! Let us be men! The rod-of God is lifted over the sea. Let us go forward, shoulder to shoulder, heart to heart; and tho waters that seem to hem us in will become walls of salvation. God is with us ; will give us the victory over all our foes, and bring us safe to the possession of the promised inheritance. MISCF.LLANEOCS. Votes of thanks were accorded to the retiring moderator for his sermon, and to the moderator for hi 3 address. The Rev. Dr. Hay, of Rock hamplon, was appointed clerk of assembly. Various formal matters of business were after wards disposed of. 