DONGARRA. (From our own Correspondent.) Nothing of particular note has occurred here since my last. Hence you had no correspon dence. The hay harvest is nearly completed. There are still large quantities in the fields to be cart ed in. Most of the cutting has been perform ed by the Reapers and Binders and, in some cases, heavy wheat crops for hay have been cut. The wheat crops are nearly ready to reap, and, notwithstanding the red rust should turn out satisfactory results. The weather for the past few days has been very warm, with dry east winds. A rather disastrous fire took place on the 29th ult., (it is said that it was occasioned by sparks from a passing engine) in the vicinity of Nhargoo. About 300 acres of good feed was destroyed, 10 acres of barley of Mr. Stevens', some hay of Mr. Brands', a stable of Mr. H. F. Waldeck's, a shepherds hut and contents and a stack of hay, and other damages, in the case of Mr. Stevens, a small invalid farmer—who lost the whole of his crop—is very severe, in fact the general losses are such that no person can afford to suffer. Had the wind not changed, some hundreds of tons of hay would have been destroyed, besides standing crops. Enough has been said and talked of about the spark pro tectors. The result is well known. If an in dividual causes a fire, he is liable; if a railway company does the same the law should apply in like manner. P.c. Pollard visited the scene of the fire, and, with the assistance of the neighbours, kept the fire from spreading, but their efforts would have been unavailing if the wind from the east had continued, and this fire is undoubtedly only the first of a series if some thing is not done for the prevention of the same. The Rev. G. E. Rowe, of Perth, the Chair man of the Wesleyan district, has been here on a pastoral visit. He preached at the Wesley Church on Tuesday evening, taking his text from Acts 11 chap. 24 verse. "For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith." The sermon was replete with anecdote, both instructive and amusing, and a large audience listened to it with at tention for 55 minutes—of course about twice the usual time. Yet it was like, Barnabas,— good.—On Wednesday evening, the Rev. gen tleman delivered a lecture in the Mechanics' Institute entitled "The old folks at home." The Hall was fairly well filled, and the very amusing Cornish anecdotes that he favored us with (coupled with the dialet) rendered the evening an exceedingly pleasant one. Miss Pearse presided at the piano, and favored us with some music and singing. After a vote of thanks having been accorded to the lectur er, the meeting terminated. The Rev. G. E. Rowe met the district officers for the purpose of arranging for next year's supply, and we understand that the present intention is to send a married Minister from South Australia to relieve the Rev. Mr. Prior, who is to be stationed at Perth. At the Dongarra Police Court held to-day, W. Abbott was sentenced to six weeks im prisonment, for being in the unlawful posses sion of a bottle of "Sandy Grant" whisky, but Sandy Grant did not lose the whisky. The proprietor of the Irwin Hotel was the sufferer. The result of the Geraldton Races was re ceived here with pleasure, so far as Durable was concerned, and Mr. Criddle is to be con gratulated upon being the possessor of such a line colt. It is to be hoped that the animal will gain some laurels at the Perth meeting in January. The races at Mount Magnet are to take place on the 26th December and from what we hear, will be of great interest. It is re ported that Novice will be present on the occasion. Races and general sports are announced at Dongarra for the 26th December, under the auspices of Mr. H. Linthorne of the Irwin HoteL An agreeable change in the weather has taken place, and, although still very sultry, it is now much more pleasant than it was during the past few days. We fully expected that the steamer Flinders would have given us a call, but no, and this is the second time of late that she has not visited our port. Dongarra, December 2nd, 1893. 