STORY PAGE. Now Fibst Published. Outlaw & Lawmaker. AN ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE, By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Tlio Head Station," "Tho Bond of Wedlock," "Tho Brothor of tho Shadow," " Passion and Policy," " Nudine," " An Australian Horoino." And Joint Author with Mr. Justin M'Ourtliy OF Tho Ladies' Gallery," "Tho Right Honourable," &c.; AXL QUEENSLAND BIQUTS HI'.SEItVED." CHAPTER XXI X.—(Osntmuel) There: seemed nothing for him to do, 'however, nt present, but to horse tho troopers as speedily as possible, and go with them to Darolin Gorgo, to consult with Blake and Captain Macphorson. He came homo lute in the evening. It was Elsie who met him. She had wandered down tp che Crossing in the moonlight, unable to control her impatience and nnxiety. Sha and Ina wire alone with tho Waveryngs, for Frank, escorting Mrs. Allanby, hud gono back to Tunimba. All day Elsie had gouo about a pale ghost with frightened eyes, Baying little, but starting at every sound aud overy footstep. Sho could not have defined in set form the fear that held her. All cjuy the words she had hoard at tho corroboree the night before kept repeating thoDiselves in her dazed ' brain. Hnd it been Sam Shehan who spoke ? Was it Trant who had used the phrase ' d sentimen tality ?' And if it had not been Trant, what extraordinary coincidence that another should have employed it ! And in any ease, why should Trant have iu the first instance said the words in rela tion to Blake, for that of course bad been self-evident. Like balm came tho thought of Trent's curious admiration for herself, nud rivulry with Dlake, and she remembered what Blake hud said about lenving Australia and selling the Gorge. Wa3 it not possible that he and Trant had had a difference on this point, that jealousy had inflamed Trant, and prompted tho accusation of weak senti ment ? It was a relief to her to dwell on this side. She persuaded horsolf that it was fact. She watched for Lord Horace from tho oairn on which she hud stood watching for Frank Hallott. Oh, what an im measurable distance sho seomed from that carel6SB girlhood ! All along the creek towards' liurolin 'tli6ro was a level traot with tho mountains rising on either side, aud closing in bovond, and she could see a long way off. iSho could see that there \- were two horsemen coming. One was- Lord Horace. The othor alio know was Blake. The girl's heart bounded with delight and dread. She should see him ; -she Bhould speak to him; he had como on purpose ; he had guessed of what she might be thinking. Oh ! how could sho ever daro to confess it — that he — her horo could even by the roinoto association of partnership with Trant ho implicated in so sordid and mean a thing as a diamond robbery! But no. At the bend of the crock, the two men pulled up. Thoy said a fow words, of whioh the murmur was only faintly wafted to Elsie ; and then they . parted, Lord Horace riding towards the Crossing, Until u turning on in the direc tion of tlw licuntrce. And then a curious thing happened. Ho stoppod dead short, and whirled round, and in the bright moonlight Elsie, with quickened sight, coald see his face turned towards where sho Btood on tho pinnacle of the cairn. He had scon her in the moonlight in her white drcBS,- outlined againBt the dark gum-trees ; he wished her to know that he had seen her, and that he was true to his resolution, and would not come to dis turb her again. . Elsie watched him ride away till tho two forms of the horse and rider wore lost in tho shadows and the night. Sho crept down from tho oairn, and stood on the top of tho, bank ns Lovd Horaoo shambled up. 'Elsie,' lie cried, 'What tho dickens aro you doin' hero ?' ' I wanted to know — have thoy dono anything? "Was that Mr. Flake with : you?' 'Yes, he wouldn't come in — said Ho must get down to Loichhardt's Town to work tho official wires, I suppose. Ho wants to catoh tho coaoh for Goondi to morrow morning. He's a quocr follow, Blake.' ' Queer ! Why do you say so ?' ' Oh ! I don't know. There were we all in the devil of an excitement, Mac- phereon raging, and wanting to organise a scouring party on the instant — nil of us cursing and spluttering and vowing vengeance on Moonlight, and Slake as cool as a cucumber all the time looking . bored with the whole concern, nnd with a quiet, dreamy way, us though his mind \- was in the olonds, or too full of the salo of. the Gorge to bother about Moonlight.' Tho sale of the Gorgo. It was true, then ?' 'True! GoodfL— — , why should it not have been true ? The man was thorn— a meat-presoryer in a. small way — jells to ,! the big establishments, nnd ' wont to go in, for something in tho breeding line. He anil Trant were inspecting when we :Z; arrived.'- . . . ' Mr. Trant was thore !' ' ' 'Why, toy dear. Elsie, I think, you i must he loose of . a' Blunglo, aa our' Aus- ' trahahs put it. Didn't you herx Trant , ' ! say goodbye, and toll us ho was going straight over to meet a butcher ? Well, He dffi'go 'Btraight ovqr, and ho did meet Abe hntoher, Auy.Kqw, the jbutoher and .Trant were thore, and had been right enough when Maopherson got oyer three hours bofore me. Aro you thinking that Z " Trant stoh' tho diamonds? It would bo convenient theory. / And do you know .that mj first Buspioions fell on 8am Shehan'? But it won't hold water ?' ; .'.Sam Shohnn!' Ekde said, still iu a Aw dazed way. She seemod ablo only to '«.''i«B««tT«tuols'.''Lord!iHoince,6 words. ... ' Sam is n vory bqd hat; of . was, ftS Wfi all know, It ws« a . fluke, Hallott tells me, that he didn't get seven years once for cattle stealing -from Tuiumba. It struck me as not at all unlikely that Sam Shehan may have given information to Moonlight. The informer must hare boen someone on the Bpot, for it was oleur that Moonlight knew exactly how the dia monds were done up and carried, and the right man to tackle; he must have known, too, the exaot hour at whioh they started. And what boats ma is how it was done in the time ; and how, suppos ing it was Sam Shehan, he could have got the hews to Moonlight, been nt the corroboree— for I saw him with my own eyes.' 1 'Yes,' said Elsie. 'And have started with Trant and the half-castes boforo 10. Trant swears he never left his side, and that thoy were on the run tho first thing this morning, getting in sornio fats ready for the butcher. Of course tho theory of Trant's implica tion does away with that alibi. But it's too absurd. Hoither of the theories will work. Time's against it for ono thing, and all the faotB. The butcher waB there ; the Ms wore thore — in tho pad dock — Sam Shehan and the two half- castes were there, and as far as I could see, not another soul about tho place.' ' Did you tell Mr. Trant of your sus picions of Sam Shehan ?' Elsie asked. ' Ho, hut I hinted 'em to Blako, and by Jove, it was the only time he flared tin aaid "hoVl nnawflr fni HHaYiati »»» "v « — — his life, offered to bare him put under arrest if wo liked, wanted the more shadow of a suspicion cleared off him. "Well, ob I said, foots aro facts, and Mao pherson was tho first to deolare that we must look elsewhere. The othor theory is that Moonlight is in with tho blacks, and was at the corroboree himself and heard us talking about the diamonds — what fools we were — and got all the information he wanted. It was extraor dinary quick work. Anyhow, I think thd diamonds are pretty safe. Thoy can't dispose of 'em, and they wouldn't be. likely to break them up at once. And there'll be suoh a hue and ory and rais ing of the country that Moonlight's hiding place isn't likely to remain undis covered for long. Ono thing wo may be fairly sure of, that the lair is Boinewhere hereabouts, and Trant declares that if it is anywhere in the Luya Jaok Hutty and Pompo, who know evory inch of theBe parts, are sure to Ami it. That's some thing comforting for Em, at any rate.1 Lady Waveryng, however, was not a woman to fret vainly ovor tho inevitable. Lord AVaveryng was far moro of a 'grizzle,' as she termed it; and he did ' grizzle' considerably over the diamonds, and worried tho polico and the Govern ment of Leichhardt's Land not a little in hia anxiety for their recovery. The Government did their beet, and 31ake was as eager in his efforts to hunt down tho robbprs as Lord Wavoryng could havo wished, though he was heard to say that from suoh a Radical Government as that of Mr. Torbolton he could expect hut little sympathy, and not much respect for looked up capital in the shape of diamond hoirlooms. to db continued to-kobbow. 