' Wxz itftmg JFoM LETTERS TO BOYS.— No. XXXVII. [By an Eminent South Australian now on bis Travfil8.1 My dear boys— I left Vienna on Monday, November 21, ab 7.20 a.m., being frightened out by the enow — I would gladly otherwise have stayed a few days longer— and reached Venice the same evening at 1L30, three quarters of an hoar late. Long before I left cabs were ab their stands in the streets. As a rule ib is nob easy to get a cab at that time in Adelaide. Yet in Vienna it was bitterly cold and snowing, and had been snowing all nighb, and heavy black snow clouds were discharging on the tops of the hills. The heaps of sbones in the street for paving looked like huee heaps of ealt, and the ground being covered and the trees laden with Bnow gave a curious appear ance in the early morning, although when a boy such a sight was to novelty to me. I* was the first_ day since leaving Adelaide that I thought it better to put on my heavy coat. I saw many very pretty horses in Vienna— not so heavy nor eo fat as in England, and evidently with a good touoh of Eastern blood in them, as there is in the people. At the Vienna railway- station while waiting for the train I had a cup of coffee, the best I have yet tasted on my travels. That and the roll therewith cost 16 kreutzers, of which there are five to a penny, eo that was not dear. The Anstrians in Vienna need not starve. I afterwards told an American lady at Florence about that cup of coffee, and she said Vienna was celebrated for its coffee ; she had never tasted such coffee as Bhe gob there. You geb all sorts of time at the differenb places in Vienna, and railway time is at leasb five minutes slower than the general time, and it was a quarter of an hour slower than my hotel time, which they there assured mewascorrecb. As I had decided to be ab the station a quarter of an hour early I was therefore at leasb half an hour too soon, bub as the waiting-rooms were large, comfortable, and warm, I suffered no _ inconvenience. They keep ' you in the waiting-rooms and won'O let you on to the platform till a few minutes before starting, and then only let through those that have tickets. I think this an advantage. Why can't people as well say good bye before enter ing the station as on the platform ? Aa we went along the line south there were large pine woods for scores upon Beorea of mile?, millions on millions of acres of them — all very thickly planted, only a few feeb aparb. We eoon gob into high ranges, and passed down and up a pass nearly all the way to the Italian frontier. In many places ib waa like the Pichi-Kichi Pass, bar the snow, and excepb that every here and there were quaint pretty little towns and villages, and occasionally the pass opened to half a mile or so wide. These little towns wera very pic turesque, and exactly what you see in some of the good pictures — in two or three places old c&Btlea; in ruins; one on the top of a little round hill had a high tower, and was par ticularly pretty. The glare of the snow, how ever, although there was no sun out, gave a tendency to smarting in the eyes, and quite made me understand that the arotio explorers were sometimes nearly blinded unless they wore shades. All the roofs of the houses had a very steep pitch, evidently necessary to prevent the snow from accumulating in too heavy masses, and I now appreciate the architecture at which I 'have often wondered in South Australia in the houses of the early old Ger man settlers there. The haystacks have a similar pitch, or even sharper ; and in order to geb ib they mostly tie the hay round poles whioh are, say, 7 ft. high, with two or three little crosspiec-€3 ab about 2 fb. aparb; some times little branches of the piece of pine tree, which is occasionally used. These little cross pieces prevent the hay from slipping. When tbe stack is finished it is 6 to 7 ft high and 2 f t. through in the thickest part. Of course a great quantity are required for much hay. At one farm I counted about 20 by 30 of these poles at least 600 in alL Here and there were a few that were larger, nob much higher, but 5 or 6 ft. through ab the bottom, bub this was ex ceptional. The Austrian trains south of Vienna seemed to me markedly inferior to the German. Engine?, trucks, and carriages alike smaller exteriorly, nob half so dean, nor were they so convenient. Still I cannot complain, the second class was far more comfortable than I judged the second to bs in England. I say judged, because I never travelled second class . in England, I went third or first, and the second- class German carriages were certainly uexver man some oi me nrsc-ciass carriages I travelled in in England — and the Austrian nearly as good inside. I travelled from Vienna right away through to Venice in the same carriage, so, eo far, I cannot speak of the Italian carriages. Bub the general arrangements at the stations appeared inferior, decidedly inferior, to the Austrian and exceedingly inferior to the German stations. But then Italy is a poorer country — ab present — than either. In the train with me was an American gentleman, and ako a Cau casian lady travelling to her husband in Genoa. She could only speak a little very bad French, and bad-great difficulty in getting understood, and very nearly passed by her station. The American had arranged to stay at a pension in Venice, and kindly waited to 666 if my porter — whom not knowing the language I had wired to meet me — were there, it noo x waa no go wish mm ; duo as the season had been bad and travellers few, my porter waB on tbe look out, eo I bade my friendly American good-bye. The guide was very attentive. He asked me if a one-oared gondola would do. A gondola ab a railway-station ? thought I. I eaid yes. He called one up, and in I jumped. I thought tbe thing rieketty, bub it was quite sufficiently stable, much more eo than ib ab first looked. The gondolier put me in a little house, and shut me up. I did nob like that at all. . I did not like being coopad in, bub said nothing, although I opened the windows. As he turned from the light of the etation into a back dark lane of a canal, I thought what a grand place for a stiletto and a nighb at the bottom of tbe canal. It was bright starlight, but the houses threw a deep shade, and made the arrange ments look gruesome. We seemed to glide mysteriously and in a ghost-like manner past doorsbeps and dork narrow openings, which almost invited assassination, but I gob safe to the hotel at lasb. Then the head waiter met me. I walked up marble staircases, and into lordly halls, whioh the waiter told me formed part of the former palace now used as an hotel I couldn't help thinking of Byron's — 'There is no hope for nations,' and eo forth, written of this same Venice, and wondered what the gay Othellos and Desdemonas and Romeos and Juliets would have thought of their beloved Italy had they known that their countrymen would descend to catering for the vulgar Saxon in order to gain a living, and turn their lovely banqueting halls into smoking rooms for a savage from the then unknown antipodes. Alas, alas, for Venice ! And then most of the waiters, too, were of the hated Tschedi Tedeschi. I got on better by my bad German with one of these, a bright young chap, than I gob on with the bad English of the official English speaker of the hotel. The night was lovely, soft, and balmy, with just enough cold to be bracing, and oh, how I enjoyed it after the cold snow of Vienna ! Ib was near 1 before I gob to bed, and I elept like a top. Venice, Tuesday evening, November 22. My dear boys— Is this really Venice? I sit me down and doubt whether ib is a dream or reality. I am in a daze and scarce certain whether I am on my head or my heels, or whether ib is myself or my ghost. And on pinching myeelf I find bhab ib is really true, and that verily I, from the antipodes, am surely here in Venice. Wonderful, lovely, exquisite Venice, queen of the Adriatic, glory of cities, unapproached and unapproachable. The people are poor, the shops not fine, the streets nob particularly clean. But if the people were ten timea poorer, if the shops were really shabby, if the streets were outrageously foul, it would EtUl be worth while to take the voyage from Australia to eee only Venice. It passes de scription. Not all the painting in the world could equal ib. Putting out some of the cathe drals and our Abbey, which lasb betters the description of the house called Beautiful that Christian saw in the Pilgrim's Progress, all towns and cities and buildings that I have seen — Bombay and London, Chester and York, Brussels and Vienna, and every other one that 1 have visited — put together and multiplied by 10 don't equal Venice forijvelineas. I have been all along the GranCT Canal (alas! in a steamer), and am come back to my hotel wild with excitement, dazed with the beauty of it — the magnificent palaces and their ex quisite variety, the lovely car rings, the filagree ironwork, the diversity of light and shadow and color and tint, the painted houses'; the \- play of the sun glinting on the marble and the glass and the water, and on the gilded tips of tbe minaretB of the churches ; the gon dolas gliding about like spectres, the gor geously colored Rails of the boats, the pretty bridges, the streets of water — all together make up such a pieture as it had never en tered into my mind before to conceive. Truly have I been lucky in my weather. The day was glorious, the sun was bright, the sky was blue, the air was mild, the wind was pleasant. My first regret was that I couldn't have been bere in summtr, my second that I can't manage a week in a gondola on the Grand Canal alone. I am losb in wonder at how it is that such a multitude of exquisitely beautiful buildings could have been brought together in oneplace. Andnow, havingrelievedmymindby discharging myself of ray first impressions, I will off to bed. If I didn't do this I don'o think I should sleep a wink for thinkine of ib. Wednesday morning couldn't have been finer — bright sky, no clouds, warm sun. I had no blind to pull up. I do like a blind and don't like its absence — and I looked out upon a canal and a fine old palace opposite, and from the other window upon another fine old palace n6xt door, to me— the one opposite deserted, As I went down to breakfast I walked upon marble stairs exquisitely cub and chiselled, stepoing upon the patterns with something of regret. They gave me horrid coffee for breakfast, and as I drank it I stared at horrid ugly vulgar German prints and pictures. The wretched things made me nearly ill. At 10 the guide came. They had wanted to engage him the nighb before, bub as is my custom, I said let me have a look at him first. And I did. I then engaged him for the day at six francs. He was cunning enough nob to make any arrangement for a reduction for two days, as I have sometimes before arranged, and was rather nasty in hia style aboub it, eo I quietly determined that be shouldn't have two whole days of me. This I didn'b tell him ab the moment. Of course he gob the better of me, because he gob the second half-day free. However, forth we started, through little narrow streets, many of whioh I could touch, and some of which l actually did touch, ab opposite eides at once by spreading tbe hands. In a few minutes weiopened out upon the Piazza of St. Mark, and then I saw again that I was in Venice. The pictures give ib literally, bub are far shorb of itself in beauty — very far short There was the Palace of the Doges— a.d. 814, the guide said— and the Church of Sb. Mark, and the Campanile— a grand tower. And I looked. And I turned round and looked again. And I admired and wondered. And the guide evidently expected me to admire and wonder. He pointed out to me the cele brated Lions of St. Mark, brought from some where in the East, taken away by Napoleon, and returned again ab the peace of. 1815 ; a tower on which was a large bell outside with two blacksmiths working with their anvils upon it, with which they struck the hours. He also showed me the colonnade and the gorgeous front of Sb. MarR cliuich, which I could see for myself. He said tbe pillars near the ohurch were broughb from Acre in 1256, and some others from Tyre in 1123, and some from the Jerusalem Temple. He then said we must go into the church first. ' AU righb,' eaid I, and we went. Ib is Byzantine and — ab least so tho guide said — a copy on a smaller scale of the mosque of St. Sophia ab Constantinople. He did the thing in proper guide style — as far as I would let him. ' See, gentleman, the Venetian glass and marble mosaic ; the roof pictured in ditto ; the agate from the Temple of Jerusalem ; the five domes completing the Greek cross ; the pillars, also from Jerusalem,' and so forth; and I let him reel it off as fast as he liked, and before he came to a full stop, as I don's like Byzantine beauty in a churcb, I turned aboub and said, ' We'll go.' Ab this he looked hard at me, and as I started off he followed. I saw a cloud come over his face ab my evidenb indifference, bub as I was there to please myself, and nob him, ib didn'b delay my exit. When we goo out he eaid — 'Now, we'll go to tbe Doge's palace, and_ you must pay two francs,' ' Two francs?' said I. ' Ye3,' eaid he, 'one for me.' 'Do they charge for the guide?' asked I. ' Yes,' replied he. Said I ' In Brussels the guide goes free.' ' He doesn't here,11 eaid he with an insolence of intonation, doubtless moved by hia displeasure at mjf conduct in St. Mark's; that eeb up my bristles. Now, I didn't want that guide to think that I was made of money and to be bled to any given extent, and I determined to give him a hint to that effect, sol eaid 'I don'b go into the Doge's palace,' ''Not go into the Doge's palace 4' said he in horror and amazement. 'No,' was my rejoinder. ' What ! gooub all the way to Australia and say you have nob visited the Doge's palace?' 'Very likely,' said L 'What will people say of you?' said he. ' ' That settles the question' was my re joinder — 'anyhow, for thejpresenb.' I mentally added,' 'I want to see the city and not the palace. ' Take me through the poorer parts of the town.' The beBb way, he said, was to geb on a steamer, and we did so. I subsequently found that this was nob true, only his lord liness didn't like going into the poorer parts of bhe town, and he thought he would keep me on a string till ihe day waa over. We went up the Grand Canal, and he was pleased and somewhat recovered bis equanimity at my evidenb enjoyment of its loveliness, and pointed out to me the various palaces as we passed. I didn'b want to know whose palaces they had been, I didn'b want to study the history of Venice, I only wanted to gratify the senses and enjoy the beauty of ib, and was annoyed ab his chatter. Presently he said those tall houses up thab canal there are the Ghetto, the Jews' quarter. Ab thab moment the steamer stopped ab the wharf leading to the Ghetto, and I said 'Til see thab,' and cob off. Of course he gob off too. I eaid 'I'll go through the Ghetto.' ' What ! ' he said. So I eaid I meant to see the Jew's quarter. He hung back, I said that I always liked to see all parts of the town. He said thab ib was very dirby there. 'All the better,' said I, 'I want to see ib jusb as ib is,' and continued my pace aba steady even rate of going. I wish you could have seen him. If he had been paid he would have broken the contract and cleared off, I'm sure_, but as he hadn't he didn't like losing his six francs. He had again rather angered me by his dictatorial and ill-timed opposition, but the eight of bis face as I turned to beg him to come on set me right again. Ib was irresistibly comic. Horror, annoyance, astonishment, and disgust were blended as I never saw them blended before in a human countenance. He scoffed and he sniffed, and he scowled and he sulked, and he looked suet a picture of rage and indignation that if he had worn a eott nan ana a Venetian cioaK I should have feared a stiletto. Bub as he was dressed like a modern European in ?the hoirid \igly diesa that we all have to assume I walked on recklessly, and as he had his eix francs to earn he followed, and after a quarter of an hour's walking he softened and again became communicative, although he evidently told some of the passers-by thab ib wasn't his fault thab he was in that obscure neighborhood. After we had zigzagged this parb of the town and gob nearly back to fashionable quarters — nearly an hour after wards — he suddenly stopped and thus delivered himself : — ' Gentleman— I was born here in Venice, and have been 25 years a guide — ever einoa the Austrian war — and I give you my word I was never here before in this parb ot the town, and no gentleman before ever wished me to bring him here.' I euppose he thought this a necessary salve to his Christian conscience for coming into the quarters of the Jew of Venice. fxavuig vuus ueuvercu uim&Hu;:, ue Baia, AU is now time for me to eat.' I told him there was no hnrry, and invited him to wait half an hour and come and have dinner with m9. Bub his lordship said that he couldn't wait, and besides his wife and children would be expecting him. He always dined with his family, and he asked me where he should meet me in an hour. I told him there where we stood, and he went off to bhe wife of his bosom. I then had an hour looking ab bhe shops in the Piazza. At the hour he was back again and asked me where he should take me next, and I told him the churches. He desired to show me the gardens. I told him I didn'b want to eee the gardens — all gardens were the eame to me ; bub as he made a great point of ib I consented, the more especially as he told me thab ib was nob much oub of the way to some of the churches. Ib appears that his desire to show me the gardens was in order that he might explain the wonderful clever ness of the makers of Venice in making a garden in the eea, whicb I admitted, and desired him promptly to come on to the churches. Of these I saw several — none particularly taking my fancy — most of them being Byzan tine, although some were richly decorated. At the finish of the day he wanted to know if he should come to-morrow. I told him 'Yes.' Not that I was particularly taken with him, but he knew what I had seen and would not take me to the eame places over again. » 