GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL ROOM. Miss A. 0. Graham, of Anerley, has re ceived a prize from the University Correspon dent for the besb collection of sehoolDoy " howlers," and they are printed in the cur rent number of that periodical. In an accompanying letter Mies Graham says:— " When I learned one day the remarkable fact that' Haied and Odessae translated Euripides' I felt that the time had come for action; I was seized with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts, and as a means of spreading the ' new learning' I began to collect from examination papers and an*were in class whatever would throw new light on old subjects. I have been some years at it now, and have pleasure in sendine you the subjoined 12 extracts from my ' gems.' They are all bona tide answers, the spelling and punctuation being unchanged; in most cases I have still the original documents from which they are taken." Among "selected specimens" from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the follow ing :— Divinity.—Esau was a man who wrote fable3 and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash.—Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the syna gogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of Eugland and worshipped in groves of oak; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans.—Titus was a Roman Emperor— supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews—his other name was Oates. English History.—Oliver Cromwell was a man who wa3 put into prison for his inter ference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.—Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean war, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, "Ah S if I had only served you as you have served me I would not have been deserted in my old age."—Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Cbapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington ; a monu ment was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has beeu taken down lately.—Who was Henry III.? A zealous supporter of the Church and died a Diaseutrv—What is Divine right ? The libertv to do what you like in church.—What is a Papal bull ? A sort of cow, only larger and does not give milk.—Peckin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIII. He said he was the son of a prince, but he was really the sou of respectable people. Definitions. — Phoenicians — The inventors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal—A native of Bechuana, in South Africa. Chimera—A thing used to take likenesses with. Water shed—A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gender—Is the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical—A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immacu late—State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London University. Hydrostatics—Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Language and Literature.—Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endymion, which brought on consumption.—The sonnet is a thing that has m its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (rurzette).—Latin of the 4th period was intro duced into the language at the invention of Christianity 597 a.d., when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin-French and the Danes settled the throne for nearly thirty years.— Hamlet was very weak- minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He profaius mad ness, he really only put it on, but some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if he would have something to drink & he had put poisin in in & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet im mediately stabs bis father and drinks the poisin and dies.—What do you understand by the Augustan age in English literature? We mean the time of Ctedmon, who flourished and wrote "Cornus" about the time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent. 