NITA'S INHERITANCE. Nita set the coffee-pot oa the back of the Btove and went oat to see if Charlie was coming. She went to the corner of the cabin, and, with one little brown hand shading her eyes from the glare of the hot afternoon sun—just now beginning to droop toward the range on the west— looked long and earnestly up the trail. No Charlie, and supper had been ready almost half an hour. Charlie liked his sapper hot. He never ate much in the morning, and, as he always carried his midday meal with him, it was quite natural that he should enjoy a hot supper. Besides, the meals Cnarlie and Nita had been used to of late had not been very elaborate ones, albeit Nita was an artist ia matters culinary. Nita was thinking of this as she stood looking for Cbarlie. Charlie had been having hard lack for two months. The boom in the Keystone district gave out first and capital withdrew from the field, leaving labor to seek employment else- where ; so, when Charlie's bad luck began, there was nothing he could fall back on in an emergency. Then he and his partner, Jem Brill, concluded that the claim they had been workiDg on so diligently was a bad job, and they gave it up and took to the gulch, with steadily discouraging results. Cbarlie had the blues. Who would not have them, situated as he was ? He owed more money in Keystone than he could ever hope to pay, unless by a run of wonderfal good luck, for which the prospects were very slight. His credit had given out long since, and it was only by grubbing hard that he could wash out enough to buy the merest necessities for Nita aod himself. Jem Brill pulled oat and went over into the San Juan country. But Charlie Farquhar, with characteristic British stubbornesB, said he was going to stay aud get square with Keystone if it took a lifetime; and so, every day, all alone, he worked like a slave, down in the golch ; and Nita, at the cabin, felt sorry for him, because he seemed so blue, and she wished she might do something to help him. On her own account, she never worried —not Nita. Why should she ? She had always enough to eat, and clothes to wear, and her wants were simple. When queer old Pablo, her father, died, two years ago, she had been frightened, for she was alone with him at the time; and, after this, came Nita's only worry. Alone with the dead old ex-grandee, she wondered what was to become of her, now'Bhewas alone. The shanty they lived in, even, was not theirs, and there was hardly enough in old Don Pablo's parse to give him the commonest sort of burial. And so, poor little Nita, alone, and friendless, and ignorant, sat, and wondered, and cried until her pretty head ached. She had always been afraid of the dark, but now there was other aod more serious trouble to occupy her attention, and she did not notice when the sun went down, and the shadows deepened into darkness outside the open door. And there, crouched in a corner, the dead old don lying grim and silent on the bed beyond, the Senor Farquhar found her, when he came to see how Pablo was getting on —for he had a kind heart, had the blueeyed Senor Farquhar—and the handsome young Englishman picked up the tearful, forlorn little bundle, and cuddled poor, sorrowing Nita in his armB as if she had been a baby; and there was a queer note in his voice as he told her how he had promised the old don that his child should never know want, and that he would always caro for her. So, the next day, after the dead wreck of the former proud Spanish gentleman had been buried, in an unmarked grave, far from his beloved Castile, Nita contentedly went home with the big young Englishman, and there she had been ever since, happy and care-free, exoept for the occasional little fits of sadness caused by Charlie's blues. Nita, standing at the corner of the cabin, lookely wistfully up the trail for Cbarlie. It was of Chtrlie and Gbarlie's happiness and comfort that she thought. They had become nearer to each other of la*e. Nita, with a new look in her dark eyes, and a new tender note in her wonderful voice, as she flittered about singing at her work, stopped rttener to handle some possession of Charlie's—his beBt pipe, or his neck-tie, or anything—and Charlie knocked off work in the gulch a bit earlier every now and then, and was always pleased to see the glad look with which 6ho welcomed him home. He had more time to spare from his books now and to hold her oa his lap and talk to her, and she loved to be held and talked to. Looking so intently up the trail, Nita was startled to hear a slight cough very near by, and turned sharply to see who or what the intruder might be. An American, seated easily on a sleepy mule, was the author of the cough and he was looking at her quizzically. \- "Have I the honor of addressing the Senorita Jaanita Aristano ?" he asked, with a flourish of his hat, as he removed that article. " Si, senor," said Nita, bewildered. "Ah, that's good. First rate. Not so hard to find, after all. Well, Miss—Miss Aristano, I've come to iaform you that, by the death of a distant relative of yours in Spain, you succeed to the Aristano estates in Castile, your father, as I understand, being deceased." Nita looked at him, wnnderingly. What did he mean, this queer Senor Americano, with his odd speech and his funny flourishes ? " I don't und'stand, senor. I not talk ver' muoh Americano. Wait for Senor Fahquah—he know." But the Americano understood Spanish, and proceeded, without delay, to explain to ignorant little Nita all about her wonderful good fortune ; so, when Charlie, wet and tired, came home a little later, it waB a rapturous greeting he received from a very happy little woman, who, however, was a bit grieved and puzzled to see how sober he looked after hearing the news. And now we can go 'way—'way off, to the dear Spain the old father have talk so much 'bout—you and Nita I" she cried, snuggling closer to him us he held her on his lap after the sti anger had gona over to Keystone for the night. But Charley only held her tighter to him, and smiled a grave, sad smile. A revelation had come to this careless young Englishman—a revelation, and an unexpected battle between honor and inclination, what he deemed his duty and what he only now knew to be his own desire. And in the struggle, that night, honor and daty won, and toward morning Cbarlie Farquhar went to sleep with a clear con-, science and a less troubled heart—while Nita, nestled in his strong arms, slept through it all, like a healthy, tired babe, and did not even know that her Charlie was awake so many hours. In the morning, Charlie and the stranger had a long talk together, while Nita contentedly attended to her simple household duties, thinking so much to arrange and to talk about. Cbarlie and the stranger seemed to come to some understanding, for, after Cbarlie had explained something, the s ( ranger grasped bis hand and shook it cordially, and Nita heard him say that Charlie was " a man and a gentleman, and he wished there were more like him." Of course, he was a man and a gentleman, thought Nita, a little indignantly. Who haJ ever dreamed of considering him otherwise ? The Senor Moreton rode over to the camp alter dinner, and Charlie sat for a time and smoked his pipe, and looked wistfully at the happy little thing he had so thoughtlessly wronged. After a while he called to her, in a husky, strange voice. She came to him, he took her on his lap, and stroking the bright head tenderly, told her of what he had decided to do. And innocent, ignorant Nita, first dazed, then failing utterly to comprehend, stared at him with wide open eyes until he had finished. Then there was a storm of pas- sionate tears, and she clung to him desperately, terror stricken. "Why, oh why? I not und'stand at all. You say you love Nita, and then you say you send her 'way, all 'lone. Why ?" " Don't little girl—don't! You make it so hard for Charlie. Can't you see it is all because he loves you so?" And, reproachful and protesting, unwilling to be convinced, ehe is finally" brought to understand why he is, as she thinks, sacrificing them both on duty's altar. There is the quick trip to Denver, and the quiet little wedding at the home of the minister, with the Senor Moreton and his partner as witnesses; then the yet quicker trip to St. Louis—and then, almost before she can catch her breath, Nita is at old Mrs. Brill's, in St. Louis, and a atrange lady comes every evening to teach her from dreary books; while Charlie, backed by Moreton and Weed, the American lawyers, is at the old Aladdin Claim, with Jem Brill, developing what the American's practiced eye had known at a. glance to be a valuable piece of property. Soon came Nita's trial; bat Charlie was with her until it was all over, and 11 Than all' she waB strong and wd again. i too soon, poor little Nite was na new studies in the suburb n s mxnary, leaving the baby with motherly Mrs. Brill. This was hardest of all j but she could see him every week, and was * no tall for Charlie's sake, because he wished it I Charlie came, once in a while, to see her and the little one. Not often, however. As manager of the big Aladdin Mine, he was very busy now-a-days. And—grown worldly wise enough to be Buepuious and jealous-—Nita began to wonder if Charlie was not tired of it all. He was not the same Charlie she had known at Keystone, He was tender and kind, as of old, but he was older and more grave, and when he came to eee her there was something of a cold formality in his manner that repelled the caresses and little attentions she so longed to give him. Yes, he must be tired of her —she was only an ignorant, little, halfcaste Spanish girl, and why should he continue to care for her, when there were so many of those golden haired, beautiful Americanas, all too ready to fall in love with him ? And Nita would cry herself to sleep, wishing she might wake and find that it was all a dream, and that she might open her eyes in the little cabin by the Keystone Trail, with Charlie watching her through the smoke of his pipe, and the fire sputtering in the old stove, calling her to get up and cook breakfast. And Charlie? The lonely man who persisted in sleeping in a little old cabin on the hill-side, close to the engine-house, when even the miners had better quarters, used to sit and smoke, after Brill had gone, in the evening—for Jem was married now, and never stayed late at his old chum and partner's den—and wonder if he were not in a dream. There was all the same furniture he and Nita had had; there were many additions, but no removals. There was the same chair in which—in which they used to sit. But Nita—had there been any Nita ? He was not Bure. There was a, young lady in St. Louis, who spoke English correctly, and with hardly a trace of her sweet Spanish accent—a young lady, with rigidly correct manners and a rather embarrassed air of cold formality toward him. The same Nita—yet another Nita. He could not understand. These metamorphoses in the sex feminine were beyond his comprehension. A year will do wonders—for Nita, two years had performed miracles—and, thought poor Charlie, time had left him behind in the running. Yet, after all, was not he himself to blamo ? No, not to blame. He bad given her her rights, that was all Could he expect to hold a claim on her after she had seen the world, and learned so much, and met other men? It was unfair of him. She had loved him, but then she was only an ignorant child. Now she was a woman and could think for herself. Had he any right, even though he was her husband, to force upon her a relationship which he could plainly see (he thought) was distasteful to her ? No. Ho had married her for the child's sake and because he loved her. He would give ber up now for the same reasons, and set her free. No one would ever know of their past. Another year went by—a year of diligent study for Nita and devotion to work on Charlie's part. Then, after a visit—the remembrance of which saddened both, it was so strange and formal—to Nita and the baby, he sat down one night in the Denver office of the company, and wrote to her. "It is all arranged. I have seen Moreton, and be will give the matter his attention at once, leaving for St. Louis to morrow. . . . There need b? no delay, excepting for legal frrmalitiec. You shall take little Charlie. . . Moreton h« arranged for Senora Tedega, your cousin, to some aud escort you to Spain, to soon be your divorce is secured. . . , You will take your father's name. It is neoessai y. . . I leave for Guatemala to-morrow, to be gone several months. . . . Should you ever need h'jlp or a friend's need, you only have to write. . . ," There was more, but all in the same vein* closing with "Always your friend, Charles E. Farquhar." And poor little Nita, her heart bursting, read if. and threw herself on the floor in an agony of despair. Then, presently, wilh feminine self-possession, she dried hef eyes and went down stairs to meet Mr. Moreton Charlie Farquhar, raving with fever in a little village in Guatemala, knew nothing of the tender, passionate rdply which a woman's pride and wounded heart had been unable to prevent a woman's i love from sending in answer to his last letter, for it came with other mails, when he was too ill to see it, and his rascally servant absconding with all the valuables he could lay hands on, took the letters also. And so for two years there was silence between this stupid, purblind man and the mxmu who deemed herself scorned by him.; The business of iho Pickett's Peak' Mining Company, with offices at London, New York Denver, and Keystone, demanded the presence of vice-pretiient and general manager Charles Farquhar in Eogland for a fortnight. « Come with me to the Charity Concert," said his old school friend, Sir Horrace Barton, as they sat at dinner at the latter'® club one evening. "It's to be a'swell affair. The Dachess of Kiburnham has a distinguished guest with a most wonderful voice, who has consented, for once, to sing in public—a Spanish lady, Senora Aristano. Everybody has gone crazy over her voicethat is everyone who has—hullo! what's the matter?" " N-nothing. I fear I didn t take proper time to discusB my diuner," lied Charlie, his mouth working faintly. " Perhaps I had better not—" "Oh, pshaw! You must come. Its the opportunity of a life- time." . _ So Charlie went, feebly protesting, in a way that seemed strange to his companion. Charlie Farquhar, with dull eyes and ears that heard not, sat dumbly through the first part of the rather commonplace programme. His thoughts were thousands of miles away. He saw a little log-cabin on a hillside, a long, dusty trail passing before it; the smoke from a wood fire ponring out in graceful clouds above the roof; a dark little woman, with a cheery, lovely face, peered up the trail, waiting for some one; he saw «Wake up, man ! Look t Here she is! Isn't she stunning for a little one V Charlie raised his eyes, startled. Ha had half-expected, somehow, to see a little Mexican girl in a calico dress, with a dishcloth in her band; he smiled, despite his pain, at the thought. What he did see was a very beautiful little woman, in plain but rich evening-dreBs and a wealth of dark hair, who held a roll of music id her dainty hands, and looked out, in a slightly embarrassed way, over the sea of eager faces before her. The accompanist struck a few chords by way of prelude—the dainty head uplifted slightly, the beautiful throat swelled, and the singer burst forth in notes such as that anditorium had never echoed before. The song was nothing—a popular ballad of the day, merely—and Charlie did not hear it, for bis five senses were concentrated in that of seeing, and he was feasting his eyes. There wa3 a burst of applause at the end, which could only be quieted in one way; and Senora Aristano, blushing prettily, advanced down the stage again, and sang— sang something Charlie had not heard for many a day—" La Golondrina," a Mexican song, with which she had been wont to awaken the echoes of the hills, and rocks, and woods around the cabin at Keystone— an easy air, md simple, but sweet as the s?ng of the spring birds in northern climes. The singer's eyes had been wandering from spot to spot in the great house. Suddenly—perhaps impelled by his burning gaze—they turned full upon Farquhar. She paled—hesitated—her voice trembled —then she sang on, with renewed sweetness and vigor—sang to Cbarlie Farquharin the box on the left—and finished to another and more pronounced burst of applause. - Charlie Farquhar, in the box, sat trembling and shaking as if he had seen a ghost. Nita, on a couch back of the stsge, quivered and gasped hysterically. Some one brought a glass of water. She drank it— nerved herself with two or three long, deep breaths—and, in response to the unceasing uproar from the audience, camei slowly down to the footlights, after a word to the accompanist. A moment ehe stood, paling and flushing by turns. Then:' " Mid pleasures and palaces " Did ever great audience, even one already melted, hear " Home, Sweet Home,'* sung with more fervor or pathos, and more appreciate the song? Did ever hekrt-sick, lonely, loving man drink in words so eagerly as Charlie Farquhar did these? For he knew' she sang to him—to him alone. They were together again in. their little cabin—happy wifcheach other— 8 0 — Charlie, in his eagerness,' leaned far out of the box. The brave little singer on the stage trembled and grew deathly white. Her strength and nerves were about to give way, but she kept on Until, faintly, ehe uttered: * " There's no place like—" ) Then: , I "Charlie I" , 1 Such a pitiful wail J ' a The curtain fell, and those near at hand rushed to the aid of the sweet singer, but Farquhar, clearing his way like a madman, was there as soon as they, and Nita's brown eyes, when they opened, saw in the dear face, bent so closely to hers, all that the dreary years just passed had withheld from her—and she closed her eyes again and leaned back in his arms, and dreamed herself at Keystone—in the little cabin that had been "Home, Sweet Home," to them while Charlie, holding her close to him, poured forth all the love his heart had had so long retained, unmindful of the Wondering faces about them. And little Charlie, who was with his mother to-night—as he always was when it was possible to have him—gazed with sleepy eyes at the big stranger, and won- dered what it all meant. —Argonaut. 