SIR RICHARD OWEN'S GHOST STORY. A correspondent of the London Daily Newt furnishes tbe following 'ghost story,' which the late Sir Richard Owen was fond of relat ing: — In his early days, when be held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, ft negro died in the gaol, and a post-mortem as well as an inquest were necessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down to ba ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negroes' heads were cot plentiful, so he made up his mind that this - one should not be lost to tne cause 01 science. In the evening he returned to the prison with a black bag con taining a brick — from his official position he had no difficulty In getting admittance to the mortuary, whsre the coffin lid was unscrewed and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol has a considerable descent; and the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had Ecarcely passed out when fce slipped and fell all bis length— the bag went from his hand, and the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. He jajnpad up, caught the bag, and following, the head clutched it just as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco waa sold. Fashing it into the bag again, b.e- vanished out of tbe shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at the shop where the accident had oecurred on the previous evening. She .wished him to see her hus band, who was very.ilL He bad bad, she said, a frighfr-the night before that caused him. to look wild and dazed-like. Theman.it turned out, wasa retired sea captain, who had bean in many adventures among' the West India Island?, when many deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro in whioh he had a hand, arid the transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these details the old captain told of *he horrible event that took place the night before. He was sitting in his shop, all was . quiet, and it bo chanced he bad been thinking of the negro, when suddenly he saw bis very head roll into the shop in front of tbe counter, and it was followed by the DeviL all in black, with a black bag in bis hand. The Devil snatched up the head, and both disap peared through the earth like a flash of lightning. The description was perhaps not quite complimentary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory so far that it showed that his identity had not been reoognised. 