lales and Sketches. [aix eights besebved.] 'THE DAY WILL COME.' BvM. E. BRADEOK. Author of ' Lady Andley'a Secret*' ' Vixen,' 'Iahmael/' 'tike and Unlike,' 'The Fatal Three,' Ac. Chap-tee IIL ' A deadly sleaet step by step iaejeaacd. Until it waned * borrid presence there. That idea of tfae Straneways had taken bold of the bride's fancy. She vent into the hall with Godfrey after dinner, tad they looked together at the family group. The picture was a bishop's half-length tamed lengthwise, and the figures abowed only the head and shoulders. The girl stood between the two boys, her left arm round her younger brother's neck. He was a Ud of eleven or twelve, in an Eton jacket and broad white collar. The other boy «as older than the girl, and was dressed in dark green corduroy. The heads were masterly, but the picture was uninterest ing. ' Did you ever see three faces with so little fascination among the three ?' asked Godfrey ; ' the boya look arrant cubs ; the girl has the makings of a handsome woman, but the lines of her month and cbin have firmness enough {or forty, and yet she could hardly be over fifteen when that picture was painted. ' ' She has a lovely throat and lovely shoul ders.' ** Yea, the painter has made the most of those.' ' And ahe has fine eyes.' *' Fine as to colour and shape, bat as cold as a Toledo blade — and as dangerous- I pity her hatband.' ** That must be a waste of pity. If he had been good to ha she would not hare run away from him.' ** I am not sure of that. A woman with that month and cbin would go her own gait if she trampled upon bleeding hearts, I wonder your father keeps these thadowB of a vanished race.' ' He would not part with them for worlds. They are like the peacocks' feathers that he wtff bring indoors* I sometimes think he has » fancy for unlucky things. He says that as w* bare no ancestors of oar own — to speak of — I Mwaae we must hare ancestors, for everybody most have come down from Adam somehow. ** ' Naturally, or from Adam's ancestor, the common progenitor of the Darwinian thesis.' ' Don't be horrid. Father's idea is that as we hare no ancestors of our own, we may as wett keep the Strangway portraits. Tbe faces are the hutory of the bouse, father said, when mother wanted tJiwe-iwm'tT -oH pi^tarCT fokftn down to make was for » collection of modern art. So there they are, and I can't help lliprilHyiBr ffra.f tbey OVCfioot OS. ' They are still standing before the trio of young faces contemplatively. ' Are they aU dead T asked Juanita, after a pause. ' God knows, I believe it is a long time since any^rftbem wcrejieard of. Jasper talks to me i&out; them sometimes. He was in service here, you know, before he became my fathers GSdcC' In fact, he only left Cheriton after the old squire's death. Be is fond of *»1F'HE of the forgotten race, and it is from bite that most of my information is derived. He told me aboat that unlucky lad,' pointing to the younger boy. ' He was in the navy, tj f uri »gn tut, f^\ himself oat in China, and was on the higfe road to getting a ship when he got broke for drunkenness — a flagrant case, which all but ended in a tremendous disaster and the burning of the man-of-war. He went into the merchant aervice^ — did well for a year or two, and then the old enemy took hold of him again, and he got broke tliere. After that he dropped through— disappeared in the great dismal swamp where the men who fail in this world sink oat of knowledge.' 'And the elder boy; what became of Uia!' ?* Ke was in the army — a tremendous swell, I believe, married Lord Daugerfield's youngest daughter, and cut a -fayh for two or three years, and then disappeared from society, and took his wife to Corsica on the ground of delicate health. For anything I know to the contrary they may atill be living in that free and-easy tittle island. He wan fond of sport, and liked a rough life. I fancy that Aj&ccio; would suit him better than I'urbeck or Pall MalL' ?'Poor thing; I wonder if they ever long for Cheriton ?'T 11 If old Jasper is to be believed, they were passionately fond of the place, especially that girL 'Jasper was groom in thoee days, and he taught her to ride. She was a regular dare-devil, according to his account, with a temper that no one had ever been able to control. But she seems to have behaved pretty well to Jasper, and he was attached to her. Her father couldn't manage her anyhow. They were too much alike. He sent her to a school At Lausanne soon after that picture was painted, and sbt never came back to Cheritoa. She ran away with an HoglisU officer who was home from India on furlough, and was staying at Oachy for his health. She represented herself as of full age, and contrived to get married at Geneva. The squire refused ever toaee her or her husband. She ran away from The hniband afterwards, as I told you. In fact, to quote Jasper, she was an incorrigible bolter.' 'Poor, poor thing. It is all too sad,' sighed Jiianira. ?* Let us so into the library and forget them. There are no Strangways there, thank Heaven.11 She pot her arm through Godfrey's and led faim off unresiatiiiir. He was id that sta*n; of devotion in which he followed her like s, dog. The library was one of the best rooms in tb house, but tfae least interesting from an archieologut's point of view. It had been , built early in tbe eighteenth century for a ballroom, & long narrow room, with five tall 1 windows, and it had been, afterwards known as tbe mmne romn ; bat James Dalbrook had improved it oat of its original character by throwing out a large bay, with three windows opening on to a semicircular terrace, with marble balustrade aftJ steps leading down to ! the prettiest portion of that Italian garden which was the crowning glory of Cheriton , Manor, and wlrizh it had been Lord Cheritoo's . delight to improve. The spacious bay gave , width and dignity to the room, and it was in j tfae space between the bay and tfae wide fire- j place that people naturally gronped them- : selves. It was too large a room to be warmed . by one fire of ordinary dimensions, but the fireplace added by Dalbrook was of abnormal width and grandeur, while tbe chimney-piece j was rich in coloured marbles and splendid sculpture. The room was lined with books from floor to etfllug. Clusters of wax candles were buttling on the inaptftpwy*-, and two large moderator lamps stood as a massive carved oak table in tbe centre of the room on a table spacious enough to bold all the maga zines, reviews, and periodicals in. three languages, that were worth reading — Quar- terly, ' Revue des Deox Mondes,' ' Rond shau,*1 '?Figaro,** 'World,' 'Saturday,' 'Truth,' and the rest of them -as well as guide books, peerages, clergy and army lists — which made a formidable range in the middle. Godfrey flnng himself into a loxnrioas chair, and Joanita perched herself lightly besides him from that point of vantage. There was a wood tire here as well as in the hail ; but tfae rain was over now, the evening had grown warmer, and tbe French windows in the bay stood open to the dull, grey night. ** WTia.t. are you reading now, flodfrey ?** asked Joanita, glancing at the cosy double table in a corner by the chimney -piece, loaded with books above and below, ' For duty reading Jones' book an Gr&ttan; and the Irish Parliament ; for old books Plato ; for new Wider Horizons.' He was an insatiable reader, and even in those Ions summer days of honeymoon talk he had felt the need of books, which were a habit of his life. *? Is Wider Horizons a good book V* ' It is full of imagination, and it carries one away ; but one has tiie same fselini* as in Esoteric Buddhism. It is a very comforting theory, and it ought to be true j but by what authority ia this gospel preached to us, and on what evidence are we to believe f* 'Wider Horizons is about the life to coroaP* ** Tea ; it gives us a vivid picture of our existence in other planets. The author writes as if he had been there.' ' And according to his theory you and I are to meet and be happy again in some distant star 7' and achieving a higher spirituality, a finer essence, with every new existence, until we attain the everlasting perfection.' ' And we who are to die old and worn out here are to be young and bright again there — in our next world V 'JS'aturaDy.'' 'And then we shall grow old again — go through the same slow decay — grey hairs, facing aght, duller bearing Vs ' Yes ; as we blossom so must we fade. The withered hosk of the old life holds the seeds from, which, the new flower must spring ; and with every incarnation the flower is to gain in vigour and beaoty, and tbe life period is to lengthen till it touches infinity.' 41 1 must read the book, Godfrey. It may be all a dream ; but I love even dreams that promise & fntnre in which you and I abaU always be together — as we arc now, as we arc now.7* She repeated those last four words with infinite tenderness. The beautiful head sank down to nestle upon his shoulder, and they were silent for some minutes in a dreamy reverie, gazing into the fire, where the logs had given oat tbeir last flame, and blowty fading from red to grey. It was a quarter to eleven by the dial let into tbe marble of the chimney- piece. The butler had brought a tray with wine acd water at ten o'clock, and had taken tfae final orders before retiring. J uanita and her husband were alone amid the stillness of the sleeping household. The nicht was uloae aod dull, not a leaf stirring, and only a. few dim stare in tlie heavy sky. As The clock told toe third garter, with a small silvery chime, ax it were a town clock in fajry-L±od, Juaoita started suddenly from ber half -reclining position, and listened in tently, with her' face towards the open window. ' A footstep :' she exclaimed. ' I heard a footstep on the terrace.' *' My dearest, I know your hearing is quicker than mine ; but this time it 15 your fancy that heard and nor your ears. I heard nothing. And who should be walking on tbe terrace at such an hour, do you suppose yt 'I don't suppose anything about it, but I know there wms aomtoue. 1 heard the tteps, Godfrey. I heard them distinctly as I heard you speak juet now, light footsteps — slow, very slow, and with that caafioos, treacherous sound which light, slow footsteps always have, if one hears them in the silence of night.' ' You are very positive.' ' I Uqow it, I heard it !' she cried running to the window, ami out into the grey night. She ran along thu whole length of the terrace and back again, her hasbaud following her, and Lhey found no one, heard nothing from one end to the other. 'You see, love, there wag no one there,' said Godfrey. ' I see nothing of the kind — only that tbe someone who was there has vanished very cleverly. An eavesdropper might hide easily 1 enough behind anj one of those cypresses' 'she said, pointing to the obelisk -shaped trees which ahowed black against the dim grey of ^^ should there be any ****£ love? frhatsecrethaveyouaodl^twy prowler should watch or hrteiL £««£ person of the prowling kind to «»?«£*; Sed would bi a burglar ; ud as Chenton ^£?£^^^%™ on this aide of tbe house^ I take it that yofl must have heard a ^bost.^ He bad his arm around her, and was lead ing her out of the misty night in*' *£ w™! bright room, and his voice had the hghtwund of lanehter ; but at that word ghost she stared and trembled, an4 ber voice was very senons M^A sTosTyt ! It was just 13* the. footfall of a gbast-*- slow, *o soft* so mysterious. 1 believe it was a ghost, Godfrey-a Strangway ghost. Some of them mwf visit this loose. 