i A REPORTER'S GHOST, r ■ i-:-li^o-' '■ Throe o’clock in tlio morning ia . an, un canny hour the i world over except at polioo headquarters or in the office of a morning newspaper, and it wbb in thin latter placo at the hour named, that four or five reporters, having sent in all tti6ir copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen miuuteB because he had two columns cf Bpaco and ten columns, of matter that “ must tro in,” Sit with their feet on tho' tables and their chairbaoks knocking tho plastering off, talking over the subjeot whieh is just as now to-day as it was when Adam doffed his heaver and Baid “How d’y’ do ? ” to Evo. Every follow in the crowd was a haoholor, and each oue was informing the other in all seriousness that ho should marry. “ What for?” inquired Cltudo Browne of Frank Jones. 11 Beoauso,” replied Frank, “ it’s only the propor way to live.” “ A uioo huHhand a roporter would mako?” said Claude in rebuttal, “ coming in at 3 o’clock a.m.. and loavimr home as Boon as ho got his 12 o’clock orcakfast.” “ But his wife would always know where he was, and if she didn’t she’d know where evorhe was ho wasnfter an item and had to bo back at the office in time,’] romarkod Charlie Smith. “ Well,” put in Claude, “ if you think it’s suoh a groat snap, why don’t you got marrried ?” “ Can’t,’’ said Charlie, very positively. “Why not? ” “ Thunderation, man, how’s a fellow to buy a whole Btoamboat when ho hasn’t money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank/ How’s a man to buy a house and lot when he can’t buy a Bhovcl full of dirt?” “That’s it,” interrupted Claudo ; “how’sa man to do' anything if ho doesn’t do it F What’s the matter with marrying a rich girl?” “Where’s the girl?” queried Charlie. “ Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust a husband whon thoy won’t trust an elder in the church. Besides, what’s the good of her money if the girl has her hoart set on a hus band and oan’t got him?” Smith, argued awhile against matrimony and at half-past started for homo. He was thinking the conversation over, and as ho trudged along it ocourred to him that a bachelor was not only a knot on a log, but he was a very lonesome knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the oity and as ho passed a fino house his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of a turning look, and tbe matrimonial line of thought was knocked all away by the reportorial instinct, and ho saw, instoad of a blushing, blooming Mrs Smith, a burglar cracking a millionaire's dining room and making oil with his silvor. Ho thought of the beautiful scoop ho was going to have on the other fel lows, and slipping into the shadow, ho waited and listened. Click went tho lock again, ub if tho burglar was nervous and was mure anxious to open the door than ho was to preserve tho ordinary burglarious quiet. Tho roporter scrutinised tho door closely and dis covered that the robber was not on tho outside, but was evidently within, and was working his way out, and he felt a thud of excitoment at tho thought of being able to capturo Imb man with thoboodlo on his person. lie Blippod his revolver outof his pocket, trained it on the door, and an in stant aftorwnrd tho door swung open, and Charlie was ready to cry “throw up your hands,” when instoad of a burglar, a ghoBt cumo out. “It can’t bo a ghost,” he whispered in an assuring tono to himself, “ for ghosts don’t unlock doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn’t a ghost, what the deuce Ho hadn’t long to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out into tho vestibule and down tho steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and whou about half way to tho pavement stopped. “By garry,” said the reporter, “it’s a woman, and aho’s got on a night-gown. I’ll have to poo about this,” and with his revol ver ready in caso of accident, he stopped out of tho show and spoke to tho ghostly walker. “ Good evening,” ho said nervously. “No, gxoubo mo, mean good morning. If you’re goiug to market, maybe you’d bettor go back and put on an ulster.” Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, but this was anything but an or dinary affair, aud he didn’t require news paper instinct to toll him so. Tho sheoted figure made no reply, but moved again aud came toward him. Tho cold chills chased each other down liis back and ho looked for a policeman, with the usual roBult. “Stand back,” he said, “ this pistol ain't loaded, but it might go off.” But on it came, and Churlio found that his legs would’t move in spite of all he could do to make them. Ouo step more nnd he stood face to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie Baw that it was not ouly a woman, but a young and haudsome ouo, and ho began to feel better. “ I bog your pardon,” ho Baid, “ but tho night air is cool, and you appear to Do dressod ruthor lightly. Can I render you any assistance ? Is there anyone in tho house that lias frightened you ?” Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, stopped to tho young woman’s sido and gently took her by the She turned her face to him and then tho mystery was solved. “Another Amina,” ho said, “LaSonnam bula off the stage, with a roporter ns first tenor and leading man. Well, this is a go !” “I’ve got to take hor in the house any how, that’s plain,” ho said to himself, aud ho gently led tho willing walker back up to the door, and rang tho bell, and ring it with a forty-horse power draft. The next minute the boautiful sleep walker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in his armB in a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burdon into tho hall, only to moot a healthy youmr man in ovon loss dishabille. | “What’s this?” ho shouted, making a grab at Charlie’s throat. “ Shut tho door, you idiot,” gurgled Char lie, dropping the girl on the floor and almost putting his foot on her, after tho manner of sic semper tyrannis. “What does this mean ?” again shouted the young man, and tho remainder of tho family came tumbling down stairB, none of them fixed to boo company. “ Lot go of me and shut that door, and I’ll toll you,” wheezed Charlie. “You don’t want to raise tho neighborhood and bring tho patrol waggon, do you? ” Somo of the other members of the family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut tho door, and whilo the mother and tho servants carried tho unconscious girl, upstairs, Charlie told tho father and son how ho had* met tho young lady, and what tho trouble was. Both men knew him by sight, and had met him on ’Change and elsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain tho situa Half-an-hour later the reporter was at homo in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of pretty girlB and all sorts of romantic things. When ho reached the office next dayanoto was waiting for him, and he was invited to call that evoning on the mother of the young Ho called, of course. Ho saw tho mother; ho saw the daughter, blushing and beautiful; and now, if Charlie is a baohelormuch longer there will be a breach of promise suit or some otter dreadful calamity, for Charlie’s mind is made up.—“FreoPress.” “PAINTING THE BAINBOW ” May be a work of superfluity, but painting old chairs, tables, bedsteads, basketware, etc., with ASPINALL’S ENAMEL, is not only a “ Labour of love,” but a wonderful and suc cessful way of making everything look bright and cheerful* It is sold everywhere. M‘Lean Brothers and;Rigg Limited are the wholesale agents,—[Apvt.1 There are now 15,219 licensed cab drivers in London. 