CHILDREN'S COLUMN. ROSALIND'S EMERGENCY. Rosalind Hayden came slowly up the garden path. Kitty tapped impatiently on thc window pane. " Rosalind never hurried in lier life. I never saw such a snail," she complained. '* We're sure to he late for the emergency lecture." Toni came round the corner of thc verandah. Kitty could bear his teasing tone. " Hello, Rosy ! '.Emergency,' ch t Come, now, here's a case. Suppose you were to meet a couple of microbes escorting Ia grippe in your direction, what would you do in that emergency ! Speak up lively !" " Why, Tom-a inicrobo-why, ono couldn't see," began literal Rosalind, who never recognised a joke. Toni buist into a laugh. " Call it drown- ing, then," he went on. "Given a drowning man. How would you save his life in an emergency !" . " Lay him on his face, willi thc head slightly lower tl mn the shoulders, let thu waler run from his mouth, then roll him gently from side to side, pressing lightly on thc chest." Rosalind was rehearsing her instructions soberly, when Tom broke in : " Now I should pull thc fellow out of thc river. That would be my artless way. Rut then I haven't been to emergency lectures. Ha, ha !" " Kitty came hastily from thc house. "Don't chaU" her, Tom," she cried. "Wc shall lie late, Rosalind. Herc's your note- book. Do hurry for once in your life !" Rosalind allowed herself to bc dragged down thc walk iu thc direction of thc church vestry, where young Dr. Peters was deliver- ing a series of lectures on " What to do in emergencies." Rosalind had been much interested in thc doctor's wise remarks, and bore with unfailing sweetness her brother's jeers and gibes. Tom found infinite fun in the thought of Rosalind's " whisking in on un emergency." "She was born slow," declared Tom. " She never gets there till thc next week." " Rosalind is sure if she is slow," answered the motlier lovingly. " I can depend on her keeping her wits about her every time Now she won't forget to go to thc train to meet Great-aunt Hannah. I can trust her memory, and that's more than I eau say of a certain yoting mau not a mile off." Yes, Rosalind remembered. Exactly a quarter of a minute before thc train was due she reached thc station, and left John, thc coachman, with the horses, while she went to welcome the traveller. No one could fail to recognise Great-aunt Hannah, as she stepped, stately and majestic, from thc Pullman, thc sable ostrich feathers on her hornet "waving like plumes on a hoarse," as Tom irreverently said. Aunt Hannah was accompanied by her fat, wheezy' pug-dog, fully as dignified and solemn as his mistress. Rosalind stowed herself meekly on thc small fro..t seat of the coupe that ledgers might recline at his ease, next Aunt Hannah on the broader cushions. It took some time to settle thc three inside the carriage, and to adjust Aunt Hannah's air pillow and wraps, while several minutes passed in making sure that Tadgers was comfortable, and in trying to persuade him not to growl and yap at Rosalind. Thus it happened that all the hacks had rolled away with thc passengers, and that the street near the station was deserted of baggage woggous and railway teams. It was then that Aunt Hannah missed Tadgers' basket. "Surely I left it in the train," she ex- claimed. " I shouldn't mind, Rosalind, but Tadgers is so delicately organised that he really cannot sleep in any bcd but his very own basket." "John will hunt it up," said Rosalind in her composed tones. Jobn obediently departed. Thc door of thc station slammed behind him. Rex, the "off horse," pricked up his ears at thc sudden noise, reeling her mate stir, Regina, thc black more, moved uneasily. Both horses took a few stops, paused, then moved slowly forward down thc road. " My dear !" cried Great-aunt Hannah, grasping her niece's arm. Tadgers, catching her alarm, gave a scries ot sharp harks. Rosalind instantly lowered thc side window. " Whoa !" she called. " Whoa. Rex ! Regina, who-o-a !" Rex paid no heed to this exhortation. In fact, be quickened his pace, and Regina followed suit. John, emerging from the station, saw his horses disappearing round a comer. " And they're shut up inside !" he exclaimed, in horror, dropping Tadgers' basket, and starting on a helpless pursuit. By this time thc horse* were holding their heads high, aware that no hand was on the reine. Rosalind's heart was beating like a trip- hammer, but she spoke iu ber usual deliberate way. " There's nothing for me to do but to get on thc box," said she. " This glass front won't open, so you must excuse inc if I smash it, Aunt Hannah. Keep calm, if you please, ma'am." She caught up a travelling-bag, and gave one, two, three heavy blows on thc plateglass. One piece flew ot Tadgers' nose, making a neat little silt in the flush, to his intense indignation. " Kit still. Aunt Hannah," said Rosalind. "I'm going to climb out." She thrust her arm and then hor head cautiously through thc jagged opening, and managed to clutch the cage of thc coachman's seat. Aunt Hannah wrung her hands and groaned. Tho glass caught at Rosalind's shoulders, but crackled sharply os thc girl drugged herself foi ward. Tho carriage swayed, making every movement perilous, hut Rosalind's brain was steady. She cut ber ankle as she drew it after her body, but she paid no heed, her one fear being that she should pitch headlong over the low dasher as she crawled head foremost. She never could toll how she righted herself ; but in spite of jolts and bumps, and a most unexpected and embarrassing push from distracted Great-aunt Hannah, which almost sent her down among the horses' heels, Rosalind found herself up- right on tho box. Thc carriage was whirling along. And tho reins ! Where wore the reins ! Lying across Rex's baok. Here was a pretty pass ! " I wonder if I could clamber on to the pole and reach them !" debated Rosalind. Just then a burly Irishman came out of a shoo. He opened Iiis mouth, gave a sort of wild whoop, rushed forward, and made a snatch at Regina's bridle. He missed his aim. Thc horses shied, and tore along. Half a dozen boys sol up a bewildered shout. " Head 'cm off !" " Ketch thc young laity !" "Runaway !" Thc cries grew rapidly fainter as thc horses torc along. Aunt Hannah's dignity vanished. Her head came into violent contact with the side of the coupe, which, in spite of its padding, bruised her unmercifully. " Hand me your umbrella !" Rosalind's voice sounded through thc broken glass. Aunt Hannah collected her wits and obeyed. Rosalind lowered thc hook on thc umbiella handle towards thc reins. Hex bounded as bc felt the stick funibliug across Iiis back. Cautiously Rosalind fished for thc lines. She twisted the umbrella once and again to make sure of her hold. Then she drew it slowly upward. One wrong movement und thc reins would drop ont of her reach. She caught, them just as the coupe dashed round a corner ut a Bliarp angle. It balanced itself on two wheels, gave a violent lurch, and righted itself. Rosalind wrapped thc lines around ber hands, braced lier feet, and tugged. Sho might as well have tried to stop thu stars in their courses as to check tho frenzied horses. " All I can do ia to guide them," thought Rosalind. Another mun thought he could rescue thc polishing. " 1 meant to hit 'em a blow aerost tile chist and knock the wind out of 'em." That was his intention. What he did was to bring hie stick with a tremendous thwack across Bex's fore legs. That was the last straw. Rex took Ids hit between his teeth and flew. The traces held. Thc pole was tough. "Mount Joy 1" thought Rosalind. If she could, by uny possibility, hoad thc creatures for thal steep uscent there might he hope. She jerked the left rein and Regina swerved, pulling Rex in thc same direction. Then, of their own will, they made a curve, dashing across Squire Blackmorc'a splendid new lawn, still soft from recent sodding. They left it behind torn and scarred by dents of hoofs and wheel ruts. Old Squire Black- more, walking about his grounds, barely escaped destruction from the whirling wheels. Aunt Hannah at one window cried piteously for" Help t" Tadgers howled at tho other. Rosalind, white and cold, headed Regina for Mount Joy. They were racketing along through a region of tenement houses. There was a frightful commotion. Hens squawked, dogs barked, bahics came within an inch of sudden death, women shrieked, men shouted, boys yollcd. " Mount Joy ! Mount Joy !" gasped Rosa- lind. They had nearly reached Mount Joy. Just at its foot they must cross thc electric car truck, and if she could not keep thc coupé at right angles to the iron rails the sudden twist would scud thc driver into space. That she know. Suddenly the air was rent with a clang. It was the brazen gong of the electric car coming round the corner. There was a brief moment of horror. Rosalind shut her eyes. There was a shriek of terror, not from ber, but from thc car-driver. A hideous scraping noise. The car hod actually grazed the coupé as it bounded across tho track. Then Rosalind, still grasping the reins, knew tho horses were plunging up the hill. For forty feel they kept full speed, then the grade became steeper. Regina was drawing sobbing breaths. Rosalind sawed on the bits. Another twenty feet and thc run became a gallop. Twenty more and the gallop slack- ened into a canter- to a fast, then a slower trot. The summit reached, the horses stood still. Thc sweat poured down their flanks; foam decked their breasts ; their chests heaved con- vulsively ; they trembled in every limb. Three miles hud they run. " In eight minutes," calculated Rosalind, looking at the clock on the observatory which crowned the hill. Limp with terror Great-aunt Bannah tumbled ont of the coupé, her portentous black plumes shaking with agitation. Tadgers' eyes were nearly popping out of his head. Two strong men seized each a horse's bridle. " They'll-stand-now," remarked Rosa- lind. There she sat ; her hair streamed down her bock-her hat had blown off long ago-but she was quite herself. " If you will gp into that apothecary's shop, Annt Hannah, I will send a livery hack for you," she said. " I must drive home or motber'U be frightened out of her wits." The group of men which had collected re- monstrated, every member. In vain. " Yon can sit np here by my side if you choose," said Rosalind to Mr. Tate, the obser- vatory-keeper. " I should-be pleased with -your company-But IBIIUII drive." So she did, tho entire length of the town hatless, dishevelled, but quite at her ease. The exhausted horses were like lambs. People turned to stave, but no one molested thc returning chariot. At her own gate Rosalind found John, as white as a ghost, in company with her terrified family. "Don't be alarmed," she called out. They lifted her down, and Kitty called for u glass of water. "What do I want of that}" asked Rosa- lind. " Do you think I'm such s goose as to faint ? Will someone go for Great-aunt Han- nah ? She's at Millet's drug store on the top of Mount Joy." Kitty was weeping hysterically. "Oh, Rose, I should have flown into inch pieces !" she sobbed. " That's the good thing of being-slow !" remarked Rosalind. " You don't fly into inch pieces if you're-slow." She laughed good naturedly. "YöVre of moro- use in an emergency if you're-slow," she added. Tours two hands were on ber shoulders. He gave her a shake, did Tom ; he was so relieved he must vent his emotions, and of course he couldn't cry. " You're a trump, Rosy !" he said, huskily. " You're a dia- mond ! Bnt look you here, girl I 1 tell you keep ont of a carriage until thc coachman is on the box. That's thc way to avoid this sort of an emergency." 