PAPAL INFALLIBILITY. St. Yincent of Lerins, writing a d. 434,. declared that to be the true Catholic faith which has been believed always, every- . where and by all men, Semper, ubique, et ab omnibus. W e are told every day of our lives that the Church of Borne is the only one in existence to which the above formula will apply. Assertion, however, is not proof. If I were to tell my res pected reader that I was the champion heavy-weight bruiser of the world, he would, very probably, suspend his judge ment in the matter until I bad given proof of my prowess. In a history of the Vatican Council, written by Cardinal Vaughan, we find that the following decree was passed by the fathers of the Council in< 1870: "Therefore, faithfully adhering to the tradition received from the beginning of the Christian faith, for the glory of God, our Saviour, the exaltation of the Catholic religion; and the salvation of Christian people, the Sacred Council approving. We teach and define that it is a dogma divinely revealed, that the Boman Pontiff when he Bpeaks ex-cathedra, that is, when in the discharge of the office of pastor and doctor of all Christians, by virtue of his supreme apostolic authority, he defines a doctrine regarding faith or morals to be held by the universal Church, by the. divine assistance promised to him in blessed Peter, is possessed of that infalli bility with: which the Divine Bedeemer willed that His Church should be endowed for defining- doctrine regarding faith or morals; and that therefore, such definitions of the Boman Pontiff are irreformable of themBelveB and not from the consent of the Churoh. But if any one — which may God avert — presume to contradict this, our definition, let him be anathema."! — Vatican Council (Vaughan), Vol. II., 119. We may remark in passing that Dr. Vaughan, in referring to the Pope (Doctor, Pastor, We, Our, etc.) always, uses a capital letter. On the contrary, in referring to God (Divine), he always ubos a small . letter. Three things are to be noted in the preceding decree : 1st. That when speaking ex- cathedra, the Pope is infallible. 2d. That bis decisions are irreformable,' i.e., it is not allowed to any one to sit in. judgment upon what he has decreed.. 3d. That this is not consequent upon the consent of the Church. Now let us go back 457 years, a email period in the history of a Church which has come down "unchanged and un changeable " from the Apostles. ' The Council of Constance began its delibera tions in 1413. Three Popes bad long been in the field, each declaring himself ex-cathedra to be the genuine vicar of Christ, while his opponents were Anti- Christ. In its fifth / general session, this Gonncil passed the following decree : " This holp Synod of Constance, being a General Council legitimately assembled in the Holy Ghost to the praise of Almighty God, for the extirpa tion of the present schism and the union and reformation of the Church of God, ordains, defines, enacts, decrees and declares as follows. And in the first place it declares that itself being legitimately assembled in the Holy Ghost, being a General Council, and representing the Catholic Church militant, has its power immediately from Christ, to the which power every person of whatsoever state of dignity, even Papal, is bound to bja obedient in those things which pertain to faith, to the extirpation of the said schism, and to the general reformation of the Church of God in its head as well as in its members." — Geieseler, IV., 296. Let us examine these two decrees a little. The Vatican Council decrees that infallibility . resides in the Pope. The Council of Constance decrees that it resides in a General Council. The Vatican Council decrees that the Pope's decrees are irreformable and curses , any one who dares to sit in judgment :iipon them. The Council of 1 Constance decrees that it has its jurisdiction immediately from Christ, and that every one, even the Pope, is subject to it. It sat in judgment upon the Pope, too, for it deposed three Popes and elected a fourth. The Vatican Council decrees that the validity of the Pope's decrees does not depend upon the consent of the Church, but simply upon the declaration of the Pope that he defines ex cathedra. The Council of Constance, decrees that the Pope must be obedient to a General Council in all things pertaining to faith, the extirpation of . schism and the reformation of the Church in its head, as well aB in its members. We ask any intelligent Roman Catholic, after reading the two preceding decrees — and we defy any man to prove that we have not quoted them with most literal accuracy — if he still believes that the faith of the Church of- Rome is unchanged. Then, what means all this talk of the fathers of Con stance about "reformation," and that " in the head as well as in itB members ? " Is it possible that even the Pope needed to reform himself? If he did, and the Council admitB it, why are the Protestants of;Germany rebuked, reviled and anathe matized for bringing about what thei as sembled bishops of the Western Church in Constance declared to be necessary? In fact it can be as clearly proved that the Church of Rome changed her doctrine on the question of infallibility as that Dr. Logue received the cardinal's hat the other day. Dr. Delahogue was professor of dogmatic theology in Maynooth College and. is buried in Larnbryan graveyard outside, the walls. In his treatise, De JEcclesia Ohristi (Dublin, Richard Coyne, 1848), he lays down the following pro position at page 386 . . "Salva fide, et sine ulla erroris aut schiBmatis nota, negari potest Romano Pontifici, etiam ex-cathedra loquenti, inerrantiae donum competere, atque ilium . esse ipsis conciliis generalibus Buperiorem." "With Bound faith, and without any note of error or schism, it may be denied that the Roman Pontiff, e veil .'when teaching ex-cathedra, possesses the gift of infallibility, and that he is superior to General Councils." That , is, Dr. Delahouge taught his class in Maynooth, and declared in his work on the Church, long the text book in that college, that a man was at perfect liberty to hold that the Roman Pontiff, even when speaking ex- cathedra, was not infallible, and was not superior to a General Council. Yet in 1870 thiB doctrine was declared,, heresy, a, curse attached to it, and only for the , change which had come over the world it'is probable that the holy fathers of the Vatican would have ordered Dela- hogue's bones to be dug up and burned as the fathers at Constance did Wycliffe's. In 1793 the Irish Roman Catholic bishops and some of the laity drew up and published a document, of which the fol lowing is one of the clauses : "We declare that it is not an article of the Catholic faith, neither are we thereby required to believe or , profess that the' Pope ib infallible." — Parnell's History of the Penal Laws, 18, 19. On. January 25, 1826, the Roman Catholic bishops of Ireland published a long "declaration" subscribed by thirty episcopal signatures. In , the eleventh article/, of this document their lordships declare: .> " That it ismot an article of the Catho lic faith j neither are they thereby required to believe that the Pope is infallible." I The Rev. Alban Butler, author of the " Lives of the Saints," in his review of the "Lives of the Popes," by the ex- Jesuit Bower, Bays at page 23 : " Mr. Bower, in the rest of his preface, by a known slander, falsely makes the doctrine of the infallibility of the Pope a term of the Catholic communion." Again, at page 32, Alban Butler writes: "For haying been educated in the Catholic schools, he (Bower) could not but know that, though some private divines , think that the Pope, by the assistance of , a special providence, can not err in decision of faith solemnly published by . him, with the mature advice of his council or of his clergy and divines of the Church, yet that this is denied by others ; and that the learned Bossuet, and many others, especially of the School of Sorbonne, have written warmly against that opinion ; and that no Catholic looks upon it as an article of faith or term of communion." Volumes might be compiled of similar extracts. They prove that while in 1869 a Roman Catholic might deny Papal infallibility and remain a true son of the Church, a link in the chain extending up to Christ, he could not do so in 1870 without becoming a heretic, a child of the devil, an outcast for whom the Man-God died in vain. Do Roman Catholics ponder upon this ? Cardinal Baronius admits that some of the Popes were so bad and wicked that it is with shame he notices them in his annals. Macauley, who had a greater grasp of history than any man of his time, says : "During the generation which pre ceded the Reformation, that Court (Rome) had been a scandal in the Christian name. Its annals were black with treason, murder and incest. Even the more respectable members were utterly unfit to be ministers of religion. They were men like Leo S ; men who, with the latinity of the Augustan age, had acquired its atheistical and scoffing spirit. They regarded those Christian mysteries, of which they were stewards, just as the Augur Cicero and the Pontifex Maximus Cajsar regarded theSibylline books and the pecking of the sacred chickens. Among themselves they spoke of the Incarnation, the Eucharist and the Trinity in the same tone in which Ootta and Velleius talked of the Oracle of Delphi, or the voice of Faunus in the mountains. Their years glided by in a soft dream of sensual and intellectual voluptuosness — choice cookery, delicious wines, lovely women, hounds, falcons, horses, newly discovered manuscripts of the classics, sonnets, and burlesque romances in sweetest Tuscan- just as licentions as the fine sense of the graceful would permit; plate from the hand of Benvenuto, designs for palaces by Michael Angelo, frescoes by Raphael, busts, mosaics and gems just dug up from among the ruins of ancient temples and villas — these things were the delight, and even the serious business of their liveB " " Ye shall know them by their fruits," says Christ. " A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit." Yet, we are gravely told that each of these was the divinely- inspired oracle of God. We are much mistaken if the decreeing of Papal infal libility was not the crowning folly of Pio Nono's pontificate. It has, of course, made the Popes absolute as the Inca of Peru, when Pizzaroo encountered him. It was also the stepping stone to the making of the Pope's temporal power an article of faith ; but it exposed Rome to attacks from a thousand points.. The secrets of the history are becoming daily more generally known, and if there is any fact clearly established, even by Roman Catholic historians, it is that one Pope repeatedly overturns what another had decreed, and that the raising of Papal infallibility to an article of faith is a fatal break with history. 