THE BANK SUSPENSION. The suspension of the London Char tered Bank comes as another surprise to the people, especially after the as surance of the Government given actually to one of the managers of the bank at the office of the Colonial Secretary the other day when the legalising bill was being discussed. That gentleman was attending the deputation to the Premier, and it might be taken for granted that his institu tion was included in the assurance that no other bank would be nllowecTTo suspend; yet within two days of this virtual guarantee the Lo»don Char tered closed its doors. This circum stance opens up or rather accentuates the question raised as to the extent to which a bank's notes could be con sidered a legal tender. The Govern ment aays biiau buc utuiK i&aue; ul uuirtss must not exceed its .reserve, and that while the state does not intervene to suspend the privilege the currency of the notes may be legal. But this again depends on the solvency of the bank generally, the Government having agreed to watch such solvency and to be a Bort of guarantor so as long as it continues. This was the assurance re garding the A. J.S. ; and if the London Chartered had kept open its 'doors, a few days longer, for the sake of argu gument till the legalising bill became law, its notes would be legal tenders. But by mischance the bank has sub pended ? and as a consequence its notes are temporarily waste paper. If in the meantime before the bill becomes law other banks close, how are the BpbjbliB to decide what is a. legal tender .j»f rvalue and what is not? If some definition is notgiyenconfasion will be come worse confounded ; and the 'sus- pension of the London Chartered ren ders the assurance both of the associated banks and the Government utterly valueless. The good done by the promise of Sir George Dibbs to prevent any other bank closing is now nugatory, for anotherbank, and an im portant one too, has closed. So far as the establishment of a paper currency is concerned, no one need fear that a temporary measure reliev ing the strain on gold will precipitate us into the condition of the insolvent! South American republics. We have] practically had a paper currency for] half a century — ever since we had banks in Australia ; for cheques and notes are by far the most universal media for payment, in the provinces at least. Even the scare and the sus pensions have not materially altered these conditions, for to-day all bat the most ignorant and timid will accept a Commercial or a New South or an Australasian cheque or note and use it for common currency. This is done nnd will he done actually till within an hour of the banks in question closing for reconstruction, if anything so un toward we may say impossible were to happen ; and even then the currency with the paper of the still unaffected banks would continue. Hence, the doubts raised by Mr. B. R. Wise are only bogeys, attenuated financial ghosts rising from the miasma of the great Might-be Swamp of argu-.. men tative minds. We are in the vortex of a great financial cyclone, caused partly by the depreciation of the value of land, but more by the panic and selfishness of individuals who for the nonce have no more volition than mobs of sheep led by bleating bell-wethers. We have no bank of England here to guarantee payments, or in its turn a Government at the back of the Bank of England to take up liabilities up to an ascertained reserve. In the cir cumstances, seeing that we have actu ally a paper currency ami an un doubted assurance that the suspending and still open banks are solvent, it is incumbent on the Administration to combine in itself the functions of the British Government and the Bank of England and do something — not for the banks, be it remembered, but for the people at large The ruin of the Australian banks means emphatically the ruin of the Australian community. The suspension of some of the banks has entailed the temporary ruin of some of the people, and the proportion will grow in exact ratio as more banks close their doors. This is so obvious that it does not need actuarial figures and arguments to prove it ; and in such a contingency it is not the part of ( the State to debate the rights and wrongs of problematical events in the hidden future, but to help in the visi ble present. But it seems that4 in this country public men are so much enslaved by the* sound of their own voices or the rytbm of their own contribution1: to the press, that they can do little without being paralysed by the possibilities of abstractions. They wish to act at once ; but they are halted by the thought of whiit they may, have to do two years hence : the old illustratioa of the horse starving^ while the grass is growing. The es tablishment of a legal paper currency may if continued drive the goldfrom_ the land, as Mr. B, E. Wise says ; but we are confronted by the immediate emergency that if we continue as we are we will soon have neither gold nor paper currency to drive away. What will happen then in the name of all that is practicable or reasonable? When we are wrecked and get rowed ashore to safety by sailors who catch crabs all the way, do we criticise their stroke ? Or do we remain on the ship and sink lest we should encourage them in their bad style of rowing ? Hardly ; yet that is exactly what the controver sialists are proposing to do while the vessel of the community is fast break ing up under the buffets of the waves of bank suspension. The Commercial Bank of Australia has obtained the assent of Scottish de positors, rejyesenfcing £500,000, to the reconstruction scheme. The outbreak of smallpox in West Australia is still spreading,and another death has ioMu'rre&^tbe victim being a men, named -Mjijw. ' _ The Victtfriftil'4oiport8 during the March quarter showed a decrease of £739,166, and the exports a decrease £2,289,483 on the December quarter. 