CHAPTER XVIII. Rather Sensational. When the bride and bridegroom returned to their homo by the evening train, they found that Judith bad made various pleasing preparations for their reception. In some of the more tasteful household arrangements sho had been assisted by Mrs. Drench and her daughters. TIub will be wondered at by the pure-minded reader, after the decided hostility which that eutire family manifest ed when they licit heard of the wedding. But such startling anomalies are not rare in social life. It is not nt all uncommon for some members of a family to practice deceit and hypocrisy to other membrs of it, to show a smiling face nnd spenk loving words, while their hearts are full of envy and un charitableness. The helpful demonstrations was a part of their, subtle policy; and tliu boyi being at bom;, draescd in their bott clothe), to welcome their mother and their stepfather, was another deceitful phase of the mischerious programme which lu-d bem devised by the uiiireJ arts of that lively family. When Mr. Drench was veuting the pressure of his wrath uu lir.,t hearing die ne«'s fron. the boys, he bad hinted' as a summing up. that 'there were other ways of cooking „ goose than currying it.' Ills wonla Imd 11 sinister reference to My revenge upon Martin Incited by the slv remark of the head of th' household, Mrs. Drench and her iliiujrhten.. r nd her two nephew, had all put then he ids together, ami, ami iat, much uprouriot s laughing and giggling at the fun of the thing, they co.iroctc.il n nice sensational pantomime for the cnlivcnment of tho bridal pair on their return homo ; had some Kp-.-ciul dry hits for.Maitin, by w»y of playfully serving him out for his impudence in sneak ing into the respectable family circle. Hut to prevent suspiiion from lodging upon am ft them, they agreed oue and nil to be very mft and civil to him, nnd hi conceal their ili-tmt at his mnro-na-jr ilniuga. The boyi ! Wully entered into the spirit of the lark ; 1,. . t uu amount of coaxing, nor any pleas 01 e:v.^jeni:y ooo,ld induce them to agree to call him father. ' Nut a bit ot it,' was their dogged reply, ' llu is nut our fnlhor, and we will never own him.' Mrs. Jl'Tailing wns delhjlilud to nee her sons ngiiln, and sho guvu them fiiiiiu hearty matornnl hugH, and shed 11 Tew mituml tears over them. Martin also shook Imiul* with them warmly, and sold, ' I am glad to sou you hgnln, iny dear boys.' llo ulao|;av.i them eneha parcel ot hnmlsomo bnok», which ha had buughr.nt l'animrttn. His presenls made them look glad ; and Martin, In tliu klndnciut ot his henrt, whispered to his Jluriii, that they wcro really lino boys, and ho felt proud of them. Thoy all sat down to tlio tnblo looking qnlto hnppy, After tea wiw over, and while tliu boys worn examining tho books,nnd Martin wnsdoaennllngou the merits of tho authors of them, Maria went into the kitchen to have n lltllo conlldentint chat with Judith on domestic a Hairs in (.'.moral. Sho wire not only surprised but quitu shocked when the girl told her, as soon as sliu went out, thnt she wished logo nwny Hint night for good. 'Why Judith, you linva qulto up.ti.-t me,' said her mistress, in a tone of soil jvinou straiieo. 'Just whou 1 eomo hum-', am expect everything to go on smoothly nnd comfortably, to llnd you so iliaaillellud is more than I oxpocteX whatever ia the tho reason you n-nmt to leave me soBiidilunly.' ?I dursu't stop nnothor night in tliu house, intv'm,' replied Judith, beginning to cry,' ' 1 can't Btop, indeed, nm'm.' ' Why not stop ,' Explain what you mean directly. Wlml nvo you crying fov / ' 1 Well, mn'ni, I linvn seen a ghost In tliu house.' 1 A ghost I Nonsense, you Billy girl ! Uon't toll mo such stuif. 1 have no patience with you.' ' It's as true as I'm alive, nm'm. 1 saw it threo nights running, nt my bedroom window ; mind it niaden horrid noise,' ' l'lioo 1 It was a eat, 1 daresay What was It like at all/' ?It wax like an old man, ma'iu, with a tueo as whito ns tho wall, and a vulco like a horse, O, dear mo ! 1 wouldn't sleep in that room ngain by myself not for a hundred guineas, nm'm.1 Mrs. JlTnillng did not wl;h to disturb her husband's mind with domestic ruliies 011 the II 1st night of his home life, so -lio did not tell him anything about Judith's silly whims nml fancies. After a light supp.-r they all retired to rest. Sometime after midnight Maria was aroused from her slumbers by 11 dismal noise, which teemed to coin .- from the chimney coiner. (Sho listened with, fear and trembling, anil presently heard her name, -Maria distinctly pronounced, In a liollow, sepulchral tono, and then thrci deep groans, 1'lirlcu her namu wns called, ami thrice tho groans wero repeated. It wns quite natural Uml she should lecl territled, but her presence of mind did not wholly forsake her, for she did not shriek nut nor make] any snort to nrouso Martin, who was sleeping soundly. An awful conviction rushed into lierllmind that it was Ilia voice oilier late husband, and she thought it was best not to let Martin know anything or tho mysterious visitation, if she could pus slbly help it, fur there was no knowing what effect it might have on his nervous lialure. She lay quite awako nil through the night, but she heard nothing more worth noting. .Soon after breakfast she walked over lo Cousin Drench's house, for she felt that she must unburden her mind to soniu one. There was 110 one at homo but Mrs. Drench, who waa glnd to use her — or she snid she wns; mid she sat and listened very attentively while Maria told all about the startling oc currence overnight, and also Judith's report of thu strange figure sho I1111I tlirico seen at her bedroom window. Airs, Drench seemed to be awfully affected by tho disclosure, and required much pressing from Maria to induce her to express an opinion on the mysterious affair. At length she said, that she believed it wns the ghost of poor, dear Juseph, which wns disquieted 011 account of Ills widow prematurely taking to herself another hus band, nnd without ncqiialuting her souh of her design. 1 a radon* 1 Do you really think so, dear t' said Maria. ' Yes, I do, Indeed ; for I have heard of ghostly interference in such nffaira before. It la my belief that you will have 110 pence in that house fur a month lo conic ; for it Is only just eleven mouths since poor Joseph was buried, You ought to have wailed for n year and a day beture you married again, .Maria ; nml then it would have been nil rigid ; ami perhaps nobody would have grumbled at you,' \- Bless niu ! I didn't know that that was the law, lUuhul.' 'It is the custom, my dear, in decent society. Von nsit for my opinion, you know, so I (jive it you plainly. If 1 wore you, I would wait for two nights more and see if the ghostly visit is repeated ; if it is, then I think you had better let your cottage fur n month or two, just as it stands, and take a house out of town, ready furnished,' 'Why could 1 nut take my own furniture with 1110, Rachel?1 ' l)v no means take a stick uut ot the house, my dear. The ghost will be suro to follow it. I know a little about the ways of such things, through studying Mrs. Drowe's books.' That night, just as the clock in tho hull struck 12, Mnria henrd what sounded to her like a short giggling laugh; but it wns im mediately succeeded by similar horrible groans that she had heard before, and ngain her name was thrice called. Martin was not so soundly asleep ns ho hud been on the previous night, and the strange sounds awoke him. On inquiring of his terrified wife what was tho matter, bIic told him what she had previously heard, and what Judith hud seen; aud also told told him what Mrs. Drench's opinion was of the mysterous oc currences. Marln was surprised to find that Martin was not over- much startled by her disclosure. She know that he was a nervous man, rori.hu had seem him blush anil tremble before three or four innocent girls ; nay, he had even trembled in her presence, befu'e they vorc closely itcnuainK-il, and Bhu had an idea tli.it anything of a ghostlv nature woulii send him out ut hi* wiu. Cut Martin had bombastic fellows hnvc, who cuu Id impudently .stare a room full of modest girls out of countenance. Ho wax -iot a tmnl believer In ghouls, but his reflections had convinced him thnt thu majority of rases on ivcurd 01 ?upernntnral visitations were either inure lolusioiis or else the mischievous i,r.,nu jf practical jokers. He struck it Ik-lit ami partly itruMuili himself ; while, doing „,, hu noticed a strong fiimii ot' tobacco in thu mum ind he asked, ' Do eilhcr of your boys smoke, ? No, un, dear. Xot at all. Hut— but— juor Joseph u»ud lo smoke' Martin felt a-»ur«l that it was nol poor losepli win, was smoking thcu, nml he began to trace the souiec of thu fumes. After a .vhile he discovered one L-nduf a tin Hiiuakiiiu tube, about ISin up the uhiiuuuy Hue. lie iuuw there Wus another end to the lube, an. I .ic folt convinced that he wnnhl tind it Bo,nc vhnre in thu boys' room nbuvc. To nllav lis wife's ghostly fejrs iiu told her what Iw suspected ; but unless hu should create a ioi»y Heeue in tiiu housu, he dufurrud his fur ther siuuch for the present. Maria wu-. nueh rulicvu.1 to timl Umi it might u.,i be „ ,'host nfter all, but she Argiiu.1 that the boys vould never bu guilty of the wicked joku 01 frightening their mother, ami »he believed it iv.ii mat horrid Cupuiiu Cnuirnextaloor, whu iiid poked his spuakiiig trumpet uuwu tlie The result of Martin's investigation n-x nay was uiu fiudiu^Mi the uiuutupiucu ui iu be, liigcnluiii'lvcoiiceiili'il behind iplotu'O which w.s ha'uglng up in tlm boys' ronmt and on a further march, in 11 lumber close In another ntllo hu funnel a btix containing a variety of curious articles, whiuh wero In tended lo produce Hviiffliti..iiiiUKectH, Invlud Ing a hideous white music, whiiiii Jiullth re co'nlaed as part of Ihu goblin which had aiipeaieil at the window. I Jet alio found a largo pipe bowl newly primed with tobucun and brimstone Aftur tea Hint evening Jlarlln railed S.ml and jjaiiimy l»to his baul: room, nnd renl ti- them nu adilross, which bo had spent thu whole afternoon in composing and carefully wilting out. Tho address, alVeetloniito us il wns, had renllv no 'H''u bcuollclal cil'cctoii the ynuug Oarn'oys tlmli ft lecture by iJv, Uadlmin oil Greek cliisslcs would Imvo on thu lllobo omnibus cuds. When they got to their nttio they went through n variety ot henthuniso antics, all meant to express uontenint nnd warlike opposition. Hut Jlarliu could nhl see Ilium, and retired lo rest ns complacently us a good p n=oii after preaching a char ty sei'iuou, 