States and i- ketches. [ALL, RX&HTS; &£SEKYED.] 'THE DAY WILL COME.' BriLL BRADEOX. Author of ' I^dy Andley'sSecrer,71 ** Vixen,'' ' Jfhff'*!.' ** fr^** and Unlike,*' ** The Fatal Three,' kc Chapzek IL—{C-mUau-:iL ) Kita stepped tightly acmes the threshold of her future home. The oU pryf porch was embedded in rases mi\ trailing passion flowere Everything had a shabby, old-world look com pared vitb Cberiton, uhich James Utlbrook had improved oat of all antique chancier. Here there had been no improvement for over « cenmry ; all things had been quiescent as in the Palace of the Sleeping Beauty. ' What a Qtar old home it is, Hodiny, and how everything in it ep^ais to tna o| your ancestors — your own ancestors — oat otlter people's '. That trmb««t ail the difference. At CheritoD I feel always as if I were Enrroonaetl by malevolent ghosts. I can't see them, bet I know they are there. Those poor Strang «aye» how they moat hate me.™ ** If there are any living StrangTrave knock - ing abont the world hooselesE, or at any rate landlesE, I don't suppose they feel over kindly 4t»pfpwpd to yon,' said Godfrey; 'bat the can matter very little to them who lives in the rooma where they were once happy or miserable, as Uw case may be. Hf* your father ever beard anything of the old family ?' ' Sever. He says there are no Strangeways left oa this hemisphere. There may be & remnant of the race in Australia,' he says, ' for he heard of a eoosm of Begin&ld; Stracg wayE who vent oat to Brisbane years ago to work with a. sheep fanner on the Darling Downs. There is no one else of the old race and the old name that he can tell me about. I take a mocfcaA interest in the subject, yon know. If I were to meet a very evil-looting tramp in the woodfl and be were to threaten me, leamud. suspect nun ct bemgabtxangYay. They all mnat hate as. ' 'With a very unreasonable hatred, then, Xita, for it was no fault of your father's that father talk oE the StnxkgTOyfain&ny; & tin«:i-Ytr his wine. They had been a reckjesa improvi dent race for ever go many Generations, men who lived only {or the pleasure of the boor, whose motto w*s * Garpe them ' in die worst sense of the words. There was a Strangway who was the fashion for a short time doting the Regency, wore a hat of his own invention, and got fairoaeK ertasgfced with a popular actress, wbovued him for breach of promise. Be dipped the property. There was a racing Strangwar who kept a «table at Newmarket, and married— well— never mind bow. nt dipped the poverty. There was Georgians, Strangway, an heiress and a famuiu be»oty, in the Sailor King'* reign. Two of the Royal Dakea wanted to marry bee ; (me she ran, away with a bandmaster in the Bines. She used to ride in Hyde Piark at nine o'clock every morning m a green doth spencer trimmed with sable, at a time when very few women rode in London, Sawt he bandmaster, fell over head and ears in love with him, and bolted. They were married at Gretna. He spent aa much -jC her fortune a& he could get at, and was reported to have thrashed her before they parted. She set op a boarding house at Ofieod, pa*nbled, WnMik cheap brandy, and died at fiVe and forty.' ' What a dreadful rfurat die. woold be to meet, said Aita, with a. shudder. 'From fiat to last they have been a bad lot,' concluded Sir Godfrey, ' and the Isle of Pnrbeck was a prodigious gainer when yonr father tw^n**1 master of Cheriton Chase and Baron Cberiton of Cberiton.' '* That is what they most feel worst of all,' said Ntta, speaking of die dead and the living as if they were one eroop of banished shade*. ' It moat be hmrd for tbem to think that a stranger takes his title from the land that waa once theirs, from the honee in which they were born. Poor 01-behaved things, I can't help being sorry for them.'* 'My fanciful Mta, they do not deserve yoar pity. They made their own lives, love. They have only suffered the result of their 'I only hope they will be better off in their nert incarnations, and that they won't get to that dreadful eighth world which leads She nude this light allusion to a creed which she and her lover bad discussed seriously many a time in their graver moods. They had read Mr. Sumert's boobs together, and had given themselves an in somewise to the fascinating theories of esoteric Buddhism, and had been struck with the carious par&QeL; between that semi-faboloos Reformer of tbe Eut and the Teacher and Redeemer in whom tltey both believed. They went about the house together, Nita admiring everything, aejf ehewereseerag those old rooms for the first time. The ultcratioiie to be made wrre of the smallest. Xita would allow scarcely any change. ' Whatever was nice enough for Lady Jane most be more than rood enough for me,' she said decisively when frodfrey proposed im provement* which woul'l have changed tbe character of his mother's morning room ; a conservatory, a Urge bay window at tbe end, {or instance. ' Bat it is tv-Ai a shabby hole, compared with your room at Cberiton.' ' It. is a rietr old boh.-, sir, and I won't hare it altered ia the smallest detail. 1 adore those ulil, deep-eet windows and wide winIow &e;*Lt« ; and this a-pplcblutssom chintz is sinap»7 deUctuos. tided, sir? tt liat ot Hut ? One can't bay such patterns nowadays, for love or funney. And that old Chinese screen nio*t Itavc belonged to a Mandarin of the highest rank. My only feeling will be that I am a wretch in appropriating dear Lady Jane's aurrounJimji. This n*om acted h«- like a glove,'' ; 11 She i« charmed to surrender it to yon. ? love ; and your forbearance in the matter of improvement will delight her.'' ** Y'ooc improTTetuentt vooW have been destruction. A conservatory opening out. of that window too Id snggeat a city man'*1 drawing-room at Tnlse H31L I have teen : such is my childhood wh«fl mother osed to ' visit; old people oa the Carrey side ot the ' Loveliest insolence !*' I w Ob, I am obliged to eultirate insolence, I It is a p&rvenue;'s only defensive weapon. \ We new-made people always pve ourselves ; more airs than yoa who were born in tbe] porple. ' She roamed from room '*o rooni, expatiating upon everything with a childlike pleaenre, delighted at the idea of this her new* kingdom, over which she was to reim with undivided sovereignty. -3ieriton was ever so much grander ; but at Cheriton she had only been the daughter of the boose, indulged in every f ancv ; yet in somewise in a state of eob jectUHu Here she whs io be sole tnistre&s;, j with Godfrey for her obedient slave. j 'And now show me your rooms, sir,1' she exclaimed, with pretty authority. ** I may wish so mate som« lEflprovetn-enrs tivtr^. 'Yoa shall work yoar will »itb them, dearest, as von have done uitli their master.11 He led her to his frtady and general den, a fine old room looking into tbe stable-yard, cape clous, bat gloomy. ** This is dreadful,' she cried, ' no view, and ever so far from me ! Yoa mast have the room atrt the morning room, go chat we can run in to each other and talk at anv moment. ** **That is one o! the best ofdrooms.11 ' What of that ! We can do without snperfloous bedrooms ; but I cannot do with out you.' This room of toots will make a visitor's bedroom. Jf he 'or she doesn't like it, be or she can go away, and leave us to ourselves, which v*, ehaU like ever so much the better, ehanrt we ^ she asked caressingly, as if life were going to be one long honey moon. Of course he assented, kissed her red frank lips, and assured her that for faim bliss meant a perpetual daet. Tpb, his study should be next her boudoir ; so that in his busiest hoars he should be able to turn to her for giadneas— refreshing himself uitb her BmSes after a troublesome interview with his bailiff — taking counsel with her about every change in hts stable, sharing her interest in every on book. **I will give orders about the change at once,' be said, 'sc that everything may be ready for as when yon are tired of Cheriton.' They lunched g-oly in the garden, Mta bated eating indoor* o-hen tbe weather was sood enough for an al Jr&co; meaL They Touched under a Spanish chestnut, that made a test of foliape 'a tbe la-ran in front of the terrace. They lingered over tbe meal, full of Talk, finding a new wcrld of conversation sug gested by their surroundings ; and then the greys were brought round to the hall door, Mid they started on the return journey. It began to rain before they reached Cheriton, and tbe afternoon clouded over with a look of premature winter, Ko saunter ings on the terrace this evening ; no midnight meandering? among the cypresses and yews, the gleaming statues and dense green walls ; as if they had been Romeo and Juliet, wedded and happy, in tibe garden at Verona- For the first time since the beginning of tbeir honeymoon they weie obliged to sray indoors. ' It is positively chilly,'' exclaimed Juanita, as her maid carried off her damp nxantfe. ' My dearest lovn, Ym. afraid you've canqfrt cold,' said Godfrey uitfa absolute alarm. 'Do I ever catch cold, Godfrey*'' she cried scornfully, and indeed her splendid physique eeezned to negative the idea, as she stood before him, tall and buoyant, with the carnation of health upon cheek and lips, her eyes sparklinz, her head erect. ' Well, no, my Juno, I believe you are free from all such weakness as human nature can be ; but I shall order fires all the same, and I implore von to put on a warm gown.' ' I wflL' she answered gaily. ' Yoa shall see mo in my copper plush.*1 'Tbanke, love. Thai in a vision to live for.' '* Shall we have tea in my dressing -room — or in yoars ?*' **ln mine 1 think we have taken tea :n almost every other room in tbe boose, ad well as in every corner of the garden. ' It had been one of her girlish caprices to devise new places for their afternoon tea. Whether it had been as keen a dtOight to the footman to carry Japanese tables and bamboo cnairs irom piuar to pose was open co question ; but Juanita loved to colonise, as she called 1L 'I feel that wherever we establish our teapot we invest the epot with the sanctity of home,' ffhe said. Fires were ordered, aad tea in Sir Godfrey's It was Lord Dalhrook's drcfesing-room, actually, and altogether a sacred chamber. It had been oue of the best bedrooms in the 'lays of the Stnuigvvays ; but his lordfiliip liked space, itnd had chosen this room for his own particular den — a fiat old room, with fall-length portraits of the Mr Joshua period let into the panelling. The farnitnre waa of the plainest, and very different from the laxarions appointment* of the other rcoros, for these very chains and tablet, and yondc-r bubstantial mahogany cleak, had done doty ia James I-aJbrw-fc's chambers in thcT«mlc thirty years btrfore. So hail the heavy-looking clock on the chimney-piece, surmounted by a brouze Saturn leaning upon bis scythe. So Iiad the brass candlesticks, the red uiopocco blotter, and the silver mUi*r,d on the desk. He had fallen asleep in that capacious arm chair many a time in ibe small honrs, after Btrnp^Ung with the iutricacu's of a railway bill or por ing over a volume of precedents. The thick Persian carpet, the velvet win dow curtains, panelled nulls, and a fine old tirepfcice gave a look of subdued ^pWoor t» the^c^ in spite of the dark and heavy furniture. There was a Urge v-a*e of roses on the desk, where Lord CheritooDerer tolerated a flower ; and tliere were moc^s^B^n^ cb^^SiTcoloured like Joseph's coat, had , been brought from Vita's moniing-««D-«id , so. with logs LlaziDs on tlie flonated iroa dogs, and f scarlet tea table set ont wiJb bine and gold china, aoJ a Moonsb copper kettle, the ro^m had as pay an aspect as anvone could desire. Juanita had chanjei] her gown by the tune tbe xea table iras ready, and came ia from her room nest door, a radiant figure in a gleam ing copper-coloured gown, flowing loose irom threat io foot, and with no adornment except a broad collar and enffs of old Venice poinL Her brilliant complexion and southern eyes and ebou hair triumphed over the vivid .hue of the gown, and it was at her Sir Godfrey looted as «ht came beaming towards him, and not the dressmaker's achievement. 'How do yon like itT she asked, with childlike pleasure in her fine raiment. ? 1 ought to have kept it rill October, but i couldn't resist patting it on. just to see what you think of it. I hope you won't say its ?* My dearest, von might be clad in a russet cloud for anytbiDg I should know to tbe contrary. A* quarter oi a century hence, when you are beginning u- fancy yourself povsee we will talk abont cowns. It will be of some consequence then how yon dress. It ** That is jnst a man's ignorance, Godfrey,' she said, snaking her finger at him, as she seated herself in one of the bamboo chairs beiore the tea-table, a dazdinc figure, in the reflection of the blazing logs, which danced abont her eyes and hair and copper coloured gown in a bewildering manner. 11 Yon chink me handsome, I suppose?' ' Eminently so. ' And yon think I should be just as band some if I dressed auvhow — in a badlv-fitting Tussore, for ing*»''l«»1 made last year and cleaned this year, and with a hat of my oirn trimming, eh, Godfrey f* ' Every bit as handsome. ^ 'That shows what an ignoramus a Uni ver£x*y education can leave a man. My dearest boy, half my good loots depend upon my dressmaker. Not for worlds would I have yon see me a dowdy, if only for one half hoar. The disnUusioa might last a life time, I dress to please you, remember, sir- It was of yon I tbongbt when I was choosing my troussean. I want to be lovely in your eyes always, always, always.' ' Von need make no effort to attain yoar wish. Ton have pat so strong a spell npon rae that with me at least you are independent of the dressmaker's art.' 'Again I say you don't know vhat yon are talking about* But frankly, now, do you think it too candy V *' That coppery background to my Murilla Madonna. No, love, die colour suits yoa to perfection. ' She poured ont the *ea, and then sank back in her comfortable chair, in a reverie, Ungnid after her explorations of the Priory, fall of a dream-Uke happiness as she basked in the glow of the fire, welcome as a novel in dulgence at this time of the year. ' There id nothing more delightful than & fire in Jcly,' efae said. Her eyes wandered about the room, idly. ' Do yon call them handsome ?n she asked presently. Godfrey looked puzzled. Was she still hvpiog on the dress question, or was she challenging his admiration for those glorious eyes which he bail been watching in their rovings for a lazy five minutes. ?* I mean the Rtrangwaya. That is their famous beauty — the girl in Lhe scanty white petticoat, with the goat- Imagine anyone walking about a wood with a goat, in white satin. What queer ideas portrait painters innst hare had in those days. She is very lovely though, isn't she?' ' She is not my ideal. X don't admire that narrow Capid!s-bow moutii, the lips pinched op as if they were pronouncing ? prunes and prisms.' Tbe eyes are large and handsome, bat too round, the complexion wax- dollish. No, she is not my ideal' ?* 1 should have been miserable if von had admired her. ' ' There is a face in the hall trhich I like ever &o; math better, and yet I donlit if it is a good face.' ** Which is that 7' ' The face of the cirl ia that group of John Sfrangway'a three children. ~ ' That girl with the toweled hair and bright blue eyes. Yes, she mast have been hand some— bnt she looks— I hope yon won't be shocked, but I can't Uelp saying it— that girl looks a devil. ' Poor sool * Her temper did not do much good for her. I believe she came to a melan choly end. ' ' How was that T ' She eloped from a scht-ol in .Switzerland with an officer iu a line regiment, a love match' bat she went wronj a feu- years afterwards! left her husband, and died in novenv .11 Boulogne I felieve.' 'Another ghos^ exclaimed Jnanita dole fully. Poor, lost son], she imi- walk. I can't help feeling sorry for her -married bo a man who was nnkiud to her, perhaps, aud whom she discovered iinwortliy of her love. And then Tears afterwards meeting someone worthier *ud better wfaom she loved passion ately. Thar is dreadful: 03., Godfrey, if I bad been married before I saw von— and wc had met and you had cared for me— God Knows whit kind or «.«ujim I tbouid have* bee!-. Perhaps I should have been oue of those poor sools who have a history, the women mother and her friends stare at and whisper about iu the Park. Why are people so keenly interested in them, I wonder? Why can't they leave them alone I' 7 ' It would l-e charity to do so ' M No one is charitable— in London.1 « Do y«a Ounk U»c country is more faJul ^Ysappo^not. ****%££S*1 wwmm mmmm rSoras before thqr^eea»w»y- To think 'itZtsrzxss* *»idi-. '''Iw Jtai wmdered higher w the 6aA oat p»»e) »bo-re the dock, «nd she .tailed oJTfr-»i- ber low chair «th a bint «a«jni. JLd od tiptoe before the brepiao, ™«£*d haU-i-dozen ««ggy peacock's feuthero from the panel, and threw tnem at her husband a ^Loot at those,' she exclaimed, pointing to tbem as they lay there. 'Peacock's feathers. What hive they done that yon should use them «!' 'Oh, Godfrey, don't yonknowr sbeaBked earnestly. ** Don't I know what ? ' That peacock's feathers lirimr HI lock. It is fatal to take them into a bouse. The? are an eril omen, and father raft pick diem np when he is strolling about the laffn and mu bring them indoors; though I am always scolding him for his obstinate folly, «irt always throwing the horrid rtmge away.' ' And this kind of thine has been goiuR on for some years I suppose f* asked Godfrey, smQingat her ioteoatty. 'And have the peacock's feathers brongbt you misfortniie?' Bhe looked at him gravely for a few moments, and then burst into a joyous laugh. ' No, no, no, no,' sbeaaid. ?' FatehaB been orerkind to me. I have never known sorrow, fate has given me you. I am the happiest woman in the world— for there can't be another yon, and yon are mine. It is like owning the Koh-i-noor diamond ; one knows that one stands alone. Still all tbe same, pea cock's feathers are unlucky, and I -will not suffer them iu your room.' She picked np the offending feathers, twisted than into & ball, and flung them ax the back of tile deep old chimney, behind tbe smouldering logs ; and then be produced a chess board, and she and Godfrey began a game with the board on their knees, and played for an hour by nreticht. (To bcCmOmd.) 