Wkt Jllim|te!fet{+ Weapons. of Mystery, CHAPTER XVIII. NEAIUNCI THE END. 'No, bo's not safe,' said Voltaire, ?and he shall pay for this with his life.' ? Is it manly,' I said to him, ' to per secute a lady thus ? Can't you sec how ehe scorns you, hates you, loathes you ? 'Will you insist on her abiding by a promise which was made in excitement to save an innocent man ? « Innocent !' he sneered, and I noticed a look of victory still in his glittering eye. ? Innocent ! . Yes, as innocent as STero or Robespierre ; but you shall not come here to pollute tho air by your pre sence. Begone I before I forgot myself, and send for the police to lock you up. Ah, I long for vengeance on the man who murdered1 my dear friend.' ' Then you will not release Miss For rest?' 'Never !' ' Then I shall make you.' ' You make me ?' he cried savagely. Meanwhile Miss Forrest had clung ' tremblingly to my arm ; Miss Forrest's aunt bad looked fearfully, first at Vol taire, then at me ; whilo Miss Slaggles had been mumbling something about showing meout of doors. 1 Yes,' I said ; ' I shall make you.' ? You cannot,' ho jeered. ' I have it in my power now to lodge you safe in a felon's gaol, and bring you to a hang man's noose.' ' Ay, and I would too,' cried Miss Staggles. 'You are too kind, too for bearing, Mr. Voltaire.' ' Oh, leave me,' cried Miss Forrest, clinging closer: to me ; ' I ' will suffer anything rather .than you should be — ' Ring the bell for a servant,' I said ; and Miss Forrest's aunt tremblingly touched a button close beside her. The manfwho had showed me in im mediately answered the summons. ? Show my friends in,'. I said. A minute.more and Simon entered, care fully leading Kaffar. Voltaire gave a yell like that of a mad dog, while Miss Forrest gave a scream of delight. ' There, villian,' I said, ?' is the man whom you say I've murdered.' « How dare you come here ?' said Vol taire to Kaffar. ?Because -I ibrought him,' I said,: 'to save this lady and expose you. Now, where is your power, and where 'are the charges you have brought V Had he a pistol I believe he would have shot me dead. His ground was cut from under himi The man who de stroyed his every hope stood before us all, and refuted his terrible charges. For a minute he stood as if irresolute ; then he turned to,, Miss Forrest and spoke as if nothing hail happened. ' May I claim your pardon, your for giveness ?' he said. ' Believe me, lady, it was all because I loved you that I havo acted as I have. Say, then, now that all is against me, that, you forgive me.' She hesitated a minute before reply ing ; then she said slowly, ' it is difficult for me to speak to you without shudder ing. Never did I believe such villainy possible ; but — but I pray that God may forgive you, as I do.' ' Then I will leave you,' he said, with a terrible look at me. ' No,' I said ; ' you will not leave us so. easily. Know, man, that you are punishable by the law of Ergland.' ' How ?' ' You are guilty of many things that I need not enumerate here ; some Kaf far had told me about, some I knew be fore. So, instead of my lying in a felon's cell, it will be yon.' Then we all received a great shock. Miss Staggles arose from her chair and rushed towards me. 'No, no, Mr. Blake,' she cried ; 'no, not for my sake. He's my only son. For my sake, spare him.' 'Your only son? Yours?' cried Miss Forrest's aunt. 1 Mine,' cried this gaunt old woman. ' Oh, I was married on the Continent when quite a girl, and I dared not tell of it, for my husband was a gambler and a villain ; but he was handsome and fascinating, and so he won' me. Herod, this son of mine, was born just the day before his father was killed in a duel. Oh, spare him for my sake ! ' I need not enter into the further ex planations she made, nor how she ploa ded for mercy for him, for they wero painful to all. And did I spare bim ? Yes ; on condition that ho left Eng land, never to return again, besides stipu lating for Kaffar's safety. He left the house soon after, and we all folt a sense of rolief when ho had gone, save Miss Staggles, or rather Mrs. Voltaire, who went up to her room weop \- ing bitterly. After this,' Mrs. Walters insisted that we must have refreshments, and hustled away to order it, while a servant conducted Simon and Kaffar to a room where food was to bo obtained ; and so I was left alone with the woman I loved. ' Woll,' I said, when they were gone. ' Well,' sho replied, looking shyly into my face. 'I havo done your bidding,' I said, after a minute's silence. ' I havo freed you from that man.' ' Thank God, you have !' sho said, with a shudder. ' Oh, if you only know how I have prayed and hoped and thought !' ' And I had a promiso, too,' I said ; ' will it be painful for you to keep it ?' ' Painful, Justin ?' she cried. ' You know I will gladly bo your wife.' I will not write of what happened then. It is not for the eyes of the world to see. Toars como into my eyes now as I remember how her new-found happi ness lit up hor eyes with jcy, and how the color came into her.beautiful cheeks. God alono knows how happy we wore. Then, whon our joy was fullest, a choir from a neighboring church began to sing— Christian!', awake, salute the happy morn, Whereon the Saviour of mankind wan born. It was indeed a happy Christmas morn to us. Tbe darkness had rolled away, and the light of Hoavon shono | upon us. When I left shortly after, I asked whether I should come the next day, or rather when daylight came, and spend Christmas Day with her. ' You must not be later than 9 o'clock,' she said, with a glad laugh, while my heart seemed ready to break f6r joy. I have nearly told my story now ; the loving work of months is almost at an end, and soon I must drop my pen. I am very happy, happier than I ever hoped to be. My new- found strength not only brought me freedom from my enemy, not only enabled me to accomplish my purpose, but gave me fuller and richer life. Gertrude and I lived under brighter skies than wo should do had I not been led through so terrible an experionce. Thus the Eternal Goodness brings good out of evil. Voltaire is on the Continent. I do not think that he has ever returned to England ; while his mother, who Btill lives the same kind of life as of yore, supplies him with money. She never speaks to mo. But for me, she says, her son would havo married Gertrude, and then sho would have lived with her Herod, who would have been a country gentleman, and not the poor man he is now. Kaffar has gone back to Egypt. He stayed in London a few days after the scene on Christmas Eve, and I gave him house-room in my old lodgings ; but he tired of England, so I sent him back to Cairo. He writes sometimes, but I never receive his letters without thinking of the terrible night on the Yorkshire moors — of the dark waters, the red hand and the terrible struggle. Tom Temple is married, and lives happily at Temple Hall. Tom attributes all his happiness to the ghost. He should never have had the pluck to ask Edith Gray to be his wife, he says, had not his lady-love been so fearful. 'But you found no difficulty in getting her consent, Tom ? ' I said one day at Temple Hall. 'Difficulty!' laughed Tom. 'She said ' Yes ' before I had stuttered out my little speech.' 'I couldn't bear to see you in such an agony of pain,' blushingly replied his happy little wife.' Simon Slowden lives with Gertrude and me. He declared that he couldn't bear the idea of leaving us, after he'd gone throngh so much to bring us together. We are not sorry for this, for he has been an incalculable help to me in many ways. But for him, perhaps, I should never have the treasure I now possess, the truest and noblest wife God ever gave to man ; but for him, I might have dragged out my weary life, disappointed and almost broken-hearted. I will close my story with a secret. Yesterday Simon came to me, looking very grave, ' If I remember aright, yer honor,' he said, ' I told you as 'ow I'd completely finished wi' all belongin' to the female pei suasion.' ' You did, Simon. ' Well, I've changed my mind. I. used to think after that waccinatin' business gived me small-pox, that I was done for ; but that 'ere Emily the 'ouse maid 'ev bin waccinated, and she ,'er had small-pox too. Well, 't seems to me as'ow it must hev bin special Providence as hev brought ns together, as we read in the Book of Job; and no likin' to go' gin Providence, I axed her to change her name to Slowden.' ' Well, Simon, what was her reply ?' ' She seed the force o' my reasonin's in a minute, and so, as you may say, ' there'll be good brought out of evil,' even the evil o' waccinatin' ; for it's give us both love. Our faces bo a bit pitty, but kisses ain't none the less sweet for that.' ' And nhen is it to come off, Simon?' ' I'm goin' to the registrar's now, yer honnor, so three weeks to morrow I shall be took in and done for, and all through waccination.' THE EMD. 