AMONGST THE MISSING. (" Af.gosy.") A Glare of light; a brilliance of handsome ball-dresses and varied uniforms; the warm scent of exotics and the seductive sound of dance music. It was the Duchess of Rich mond's famous ball on the eve of Quatre Bras. Thought of coming battle disturbed the gaiety of the scene not a whit. Women sought to forget anxiety for hus band or lover in the excitement of the dance; soldiers, the responsibilities of war; and diplomatists, the gravity of the approach ing crisis. ' By Jove !' said a heavily-moustached cavalry captain, standing gazing critically r.t the dancers, with a group of brother officers. ' Who's that very pretty girl danc ing with Carrington of the Scots Greys V ' What, the fair girl in pule blue and white?' c^id a supercilious young aidc-dc-camp. ' That's Alica Maitlar.d, daughter of Sir Robert Maitland. Carrington's in luck ; he's been dancing with her nearly all the evening.' ' Yet, they say he's hopelessly in love with her,' said a cornet of Carriugton's regiment; ' can think of nothing else.' 'Poor fellow!' rejoined the supercilious one in a tone of fine contempt, pulling the some what scanty hair that adorned his upper lip. ' And I suppose he'll commit the inexcusable fault of matrimony, and there'll be the end of him.' 'Yes if she'll have him ; they say Ash by'3 entered for the stakes though, and running strong, but Carrington certainly has the start of him.' ' Well, I'd lay money 011 the major, now,' broke in a fourth speaker. 'Ashby's a deuced bad rival to run against.' ' Take care,' said the cornet; ' they passed quite close to us then ; I shouldn't wonder if J Carrington had the full benefit of that in teresting remark of yours.' I Soon the dance and the interval that succeeded it were alike over, and tlie subject of the above conversation made his way to wards a little knot of officers of hia own regiment who were talking in lew tones just inside the porch that led into the street, prirlonMv pnerrnsepd j)-i discussing «nn>e un usually exciting intelligence that had just been imparted to them. Carrington was not long in learning its import. In fact, their colonel h;vi just received the famous order which lias rendered that gay evening so memorable. The enemy advance guard had bona discovered within .1 short march of Brussels, and the Duke at once issued instructions that, the officers should slip asay from the ball without attracting attention, and be ready to march in threehours, with the prnr:pecr. of immediate action. How strange the irony «f fate thnt necessitated such an order at such a moment! Carrir.gton received the intelligence with out comment. For the moment the great nnws almoin sh.icgercd him. He passed hurriedly through the porch and into the cool night air, and thrro, pacing nervously to and fro, tried to realise what it meant to him. Captain Arthur Csrrington was no coward, and indeed had served with no little diatinc tion in the later- Peninsular craps- gr..-:, and to such good purpose that he had won his captaincy after an unusually short term of service. Kow, a year ago it would have been glorious news to him, but now his en thusiasm was tempted with a strange sense of regret. Since then he had fallen in love— desperately in love—with that lovely girl with whom he had just been dancing, and during the last few days, despite the mo mentous eventB looming in the immediate future, ar.d threatening at any moment to engulf him, ho had been lost as in r. pleasant dream, peopled only by himself and the fair Alice Maitland. Now he must needs wake up, to the hard realities of a soldier's career. Before another night had fallen he might have lost Alice for ever, with the life sho had made too sweet for him. As he paced up and down, thoughts crowded hurriedly through his brain. Then came an iutttase longing to tell her ilia love and learn his fate from her lips. If only ho knew that she loved him, then it seemed he could go out rosdily onough to to-morrow's battle—the to- morrow that had almost begun —and meet death, if it came to him, with the courr.gc worthy of an English gontlamsm. Yes, if only he knew ! For somehow the thought that he might never know was tor ture to his mind. And yet was it not the merest selfishness on his part to ask a girl to pledge her life to him and confess hcr'Jove, when thatlove might after all mean little else but mourning arid sorrow—the terrible sor row of one who knows but a few short hours' betrothal, and then sees the happiness of all the future shattered in an instant! Yes, it was selfishness, he told himself again and again. And yet, n, moment afterwards, ho foundhimself pleading that, if she really loved him, her grief would be none the less poignant because she had no right to mourn for him as a lover, and must stifle the cruel pain and keep iu liiuuoii tii 1161' il6tkiu So the pros and cons chased each other through hio edited mind, till he Suddenly awoke to the fact that the music of a well known quadrille had been sounding half unconsciously in liis ears for lie hardly knew liow long. He looked hastily at his programme. His partner was Alice Maitland, and the dance half over! He hurried back into the ball-room, and finding her deep in conversation with Major Ashby, he claimed I113 right with an awkward apology for not having presented himself sooner, and led her away on his arm. As it was too Into to join in the quftdrille, they directed their stops to a quieb balcony nnnop.mvorl nw waa in progress. Now it so happened that Alice was not a little piqued at tliis unwonted want of attention on the part of her cavalier, who up to the present time had paid her nothing but the most absolute de votion, nor was her somewhat natural irri tation decreased by the evident confusion and awkwardness of his manner. Arthur, on the other hw1', wnq ri'iit'p oblivions nf offence, and as ho showed no inclination for further apology, nor indeed for further conversation of any kind, it devolved upon Ills purlner tu break the silence. ' Well,' said Alico, half playfully and half in earnest, as she settled herself comfortably — and, to Arthur's partial eye, most bewito'iinply—in the cushions of a sofa, ' well, Sir Truant, have you nothing more to say for yourself in explanation of your gross negleofc V But Sir Truant's mind was so occupied with a graver question that he had little explana tion to offer. 'I am afraid not,' he answered rather lamely; "I was in i,h«porch trying to gel cool.' ' Then you certainly have heard the music quite plainly, and you might have kept your engagement promptly enough— if you had cared to, of course.' The words were spoken with a coldness that showed Miss Maitland was getting really offended; but strange to say, Arthur neither noticed I'ifi tor.* in whi.5'1 tliev wore srniVen, nor realised their moaning, so. absorbed was I10 in the question that was to him so momen tous : 'la it fair to her—is it fair V The -.«y«v?s W. ui,.2'"2 in hi® "w, 1>i« 1 pulse beat fast with suppressed excitement, yet he could not 3olrc tiis terribie doubt that had arisen in his mind. Half unconsciously iio anawerud in a sluw deliberate yoico, 'Tus, Tl.ii; lliy su.luc.-a 3hot frcm tho-o deep blue eyes—and it robbed them of none of their beauty—and the unwonted severity liim from his let'woy. He made :» deH- | porata effort to make conversation, and talked hurriedly and nervously, hardly i awiiiki of the chilling answers sue made U> his continued plaiitudcs. la utuU Alice did not atop to analyso her own fco'.insm, nor cavalier *o unlike himself this evening. That ho should have left her, -whom all the young officer* raved about, and who might have had a dozen partners by the lifting of her little finger—that he should have left her sit ting out, and steadily refusing all applicants until the dancc was nearly over, had wounded her Y&nity; and hurt her feelings very con siderably. She had expected, at any rate,, the most abject penitence To follow, or at least same explanation of his_ neglect, and •was prepared eventually to extend her royal forgiveness to the culprk and reinstate him in her favor. , But this calm indifference with which he regarded his offcnce, this apparent assump tion that he could . treat her as he liked. stung her sensitive nature to the quick, and, made her for the moment only too anxious to impress upon him that he had mistaken the position in which he stood to her. The dance was by this time over, and though the balcsny where they were sitting, was in a retired corner, there were seat3 near by and occupied now by the couples who had left the ball-room. To Arthur Carring toi) thwir presence afforded an indefinite sen sation of relief, and: for the moment he felt ho wsa reprieved. , ! The longing to speak his heart and learn her answer had at last got the better of his scruples; yet he felt almost glad now that he musk put off the decisive moment a little longer. And all the while he chattered on thoughtlessly, never heeding that every care less sentence made him appear to her in a less favorabl* light. Then a waltz tune struck up in the ball-room below; the seats near them were left vacant, and Alice maHf> n movement as though she would fain be fol lowing the others downstairs, but her partner refused to notice it. Tho time had come at last and he was determined to speak, yet hardly knew how to begin. The words drove him to speech at last. ' Mis3 Maitland, you must atay one moment'—the words sounded to Alice very like a command—' I have something I want particularly to say to you to-night.' ' Then, Captain Carrington, I think you might have said it before ; now I am afraid it must keep till to-morrow,' she answered coldly. 1 But, Miss Maitland 1 ' Will you kindly take me downstairs, Cap tain Carrington V she interrupted before he could speak another word. 'I am engaged for this danee to Maior AkViViv. and T trnnld not miss it for the world.' This time the intention of her tone could not escapo liim. It seemed to burst upoii him in a flash that Major Ashby had been very Attentive to Miss Maitland lately and now ho remembered hearing that evening some words he had hardly understood at the time. Ia his osoitcd staie he caught up the idea only too readily. She had been leading him on, perhaps, only for lior amusement, and all the time Ashby — the very suspicion made the bloodleap fiercely to his cheek, and the idea carried conviction all the more speedily that, in the pleasant dream of the past few days, sach a notion had never, once occurrod to him. Oh, how blind he had been ! and angry words rushed to his lips that in a calmer mood he would never have uttered. ' Major Aahby'a dancing is doubtless infin mteiy preferable to my conversation, Trat ' Perhaps, evon than the entertaining con versation with which you have just been honoring me,' she retorted.quickly; '"but that is Cardly She point, I think.' 1 Only spare nie one moment, Miss Mait land; only hear inc; and then dance with him the rest of the ovening, if you will,' he con tinued bitterly. They were both standing now : Alice pale vrith ar.jer; Arthur Carrington, with a wild look in his oy9, and speaking in a voice trembling with a desperate eagerness. ' But you don't understand; it may be the last chanec; hear what I have to say now, or you may never have the opportunity again.' The word's conveyed to her only one mean ing. and roused nil the pride in b»r not- too humble nature. ' In that, case, Contain Currington, let it be never.' She spoke the words clearly and de cisively, and drawn proudly up to. her full height, cast upon him one glance of scorn and I -dc£anc© that opclrc to him only ill o lo ulo qushtly than her words. Yet he would leave himself no possible ground for doubt; he seized her hand, almost crushing it in his fierce eagerness. ' Miss Maitland, do you quite understand me? For fcho last time—do you mean that 1' 'Certainly,' she answered in a tone of icy Indifference; and at that nsomoat tliay bocamo aware that Mhjor Ashbv had advanced close upon fchem. ' This i3 ;r.y dancc vrith you, I think, Miss Maitland,' he remarked suavely. 'Itli, major—T hope you haven't been waiting for me Ions;.' Then turning a last glance on Arthur, and with a scornful 'Thank you, Captain Carrington,' she swept away on the major's arm. For a moment or two Arthur stood as one stunned, -with a dazed look in his eyes; then he fcnrned on his heel and moved slowly down stairs. Ah he passed the door of fcho ball room, he glanced in, end at that moment Major Ashby and his partner passed close by him in thG graceful movement; of the danoe. The major's head was bent over hers, his cheek almost touching her hair, and the words that he spoke in a lo« tone in h*r eai- must have been of pleasant import, to judge by the charming smile that they evoked. Arthnr Carrlngton turned away, his face very pale, with a hard, drawn look about the mouth, and went out into "the night to seek his quarters-ana prepare for the work that w»» now so oluae before him. McsnwJ)il.e.,thc gallant major was rapidly improving liis"position with Miss Maitland. Sho was certainly very pleasantly disposed to him this evening, and received his little ad vances. with a readiness which, to tell the trutn, tne major had never noticed before. Ecr Major Aghby, although he enjoyed, and was not a little proud of, the reputation of being a master in Uie noble art of lady-killipg, uiu uo'u let his conceit ruin his judgment, and could usually guo3,v, vory shrcvdly his true position ia a ladr'o'a.ffccticn. .1 do.Jiot .wisli to insinuate that the major was a systematic haart-broalrer; but though his affection "for the 361 collectivcly Trag unlimited, his par tioulHr affection ffr any one member of it had hitherto proved strictly limited, in point of duration. In other words, like many an other, he was devoted to flirtation, and, what is moro, was really skilled in that intricate science. The latest object of his affections was. nendloss to say. Miss Maitland. whom, though hw had an acquaintance of eome stand ing with her father, he had -never met until a week ?S0, Since then he had prosecuted his on not a lil.lle by the evident rivalry of Arthur uarnngton. xnia evening a considerable weight hr.d been lifted from h;3 mind by the little scenoabovo related, of whiclihehad quite unintentionally witnessed the close. He had seen sufficient to make him telerably certain, l>y pulling Iwo and livo together, chat Arthur Carrir.gtor. hr.d proposed and been definitely rofuaed. Henco ho was not altogether un promrnr! t-o firi'l himself in "sole possession of the field. V os, there was on. doubt about it, Miss jVluiilaud i.'aa bent 011 making herself eiifcre moly agreeable. The major felt that he was making more advance in that short half hour than he had during the full week ho had known her; nor had the charm of her manner eyer struck him so forcibly before. At length, all too soon, the music stopped, and ho and his partner retired to the same balcony where ho had found ho? before the dance. They stood in the cool night air, looking out across the dusky landscape that lay dimly revealed by tho bright starlight. ' Major Ashby,' she naked suddenly, ' ~h7 is ic you men are all leaving bo eaiiy to-night? I saw a dozen officers or more preparing to go as we wore on our way upstairs.1 ' Do you know, Miss Maitlnnd, that is a aecreb I'm afraid I hardly ought to tell—even to you,' ho answered quietly, his voice linger ing softly on those last words. ' A3ccrct?' she queried. ' Oh, then, you must tell ma ! I shr.ll never forgive you if you arouse ray curicsicy in that way, and refuse to satisfy it.' _ j 1 W oil, I eta of raid I euu refuse you no- I Miinrj;' lip mid, with Bniile, after a moment's \ pauiso. In truth, he was wondering what im pression the news might-make upon hor. 1 The fact Id, wo iiavc orders to leave the ball quiully and be ready Co march in two hours. flia M^nre's !« l'i>nnrl_orl fo Lu.u Llic "asulvo, and v;c shall Lola action before the uay id half over.' If he had hoped for some sign of distress on purr, r.e was ai.:p;7 ;cpaiu. As aho realised the full metBUig of those cruellv straightforward worda, r.!l the color fled from hor checks. Ho thought she would imyo ia;iitea, and put his mux iouud her to support her to a chair. 11 sm so sorrv for startliuir you like this,' liu bu.iu jjcuiLentij i Lui i. uc\ ei" uiouguo you would have—any particular interest in tha news !' For a moment neither of them spoke. 1 Alice—Miss Maitland,' at last he con tinued in an earnest voice—so earnest fchatjit almost surprised him—'MissMaitland, you don't know what a terrible thing it is for a inan to go into battle when his heart is sunk in.despair; when he has no hops of the one thing that coulii make life worth living. If only I thought—if only you—if you only ' he stammered, and almost for the first time in his life felt completely at a loss. Her face was very pale, and her eyes, un naturally bright they seemed, were looking Into his with expression he could not fathom.' She seemed hardly to understand him. and yet to follow every syllable with an almost painful interest; but she answered not a word. Then another couple camo and sat close behind thom, and he *had~no further chance, or perhaps desire, to express his meaning more! clearly.. He, felt he had gone rather, further than ho had intended ; and yet he only half regretted it. ***** Two hours later the regiment was quietly falling-in- in the open street along which most of, them were quartered. Not many minutes later all was in readiness, and they were moving quietly out of the town on the road to 'honor and glory, a road along which many a man of them, his heart now breathing high with hope, would never return. As they left the outskirts of Brussels the major found himself riding close to Arthur Carriagton, and attempted, with singularly little success, to draw him into conversation. 1 Well, mv bov.' be said nf: lflit: 1 T rain'f. say you're in an entertaining mood to-night, and you look as solemn and glum as a Sphinx —I give youu p and the major, who was in surprisingly good' spirits, relapsed into unwilling silence. ' Ashby,' suddenly said Arthur, speaking in low earnest tones, • will you answer mo one question ? It may sound an impertinence, but if ynu knew what it means to me, and perhaps you can guess. I thing you would nut refuse ine.' 'Dear mo, we are very mysterious to-night! What may it be V quoth the major, evidently in an excellent liumor with himself and the rest of the world. ' Do you—care for Miss Maitland V ' Why, of course,' returned Ashby, with a smile ; ' don't we all love her madly V ' Yes, but have you more serious in tentions V The major for a moment seemed in doubt as to whether he should answer the question; then he replied quietly : 1 Perhaps I have.' Carrington looked searchingly into his face: ' You really mean that V ' Certainly.' And the answer seemed to satisfy his questioner, for lie remained silent. Presently he spoke again, in a low voice and rather huskily, so that the major could 'scarcely catch the words : ' I suppose she cares for you V ' I haven't asked her.' ' But you can make a pretty shrewd guess.' ' Well, she was terribly cut up when she heard I was going straight into action to-day, if that means anything;' and the major spoke in the complacent tone of one who thought it meant a great deal. Then, as if ashamed of having revealed so much, he continued sharply : ' But that's enoueh. mv friend. This i°. hardly a subject for discussion.' ' Quite true,' said Arthur dryly. ' Ye3,' ho muttered to himself, ' the rich man and the ewe lamb; it's an old story now, but none the less sad for all that. Thank God,1 and the grim thought brought a bitter smile to his lips—' Thank God, there'll be big fight ing those nest few days, and . a man doesn't ofton coirio through big fighting if he doesn't care to.: Yet, alas for the inconsistency of woman, or perchance the stupidity of man—at this very moment, not half a mile away, Alico Maitland was sobbing herself to sleep, and the name the poor girl murmured so fondly to herself'was not a name to which Major Asliby could lay any claim. nnprl fr<riivr."l{ unon tlin a™0!iy O? tho32 terrible days of suspense, only to be followed by a yet more terrible certainty, when, after news of the glorious battle of Waterloo, came the list of killed and missine. which embittered tho sweetness of . victory and bliattcrcd Ihe liappitseoa y£ ou umuy home3. " • Included in that fatal list was the name of Arthur Carrington, Captain, Scots Grey, and what that simple, line of print meant to the girl, who, loving him so truly and fondly, lwu yet sent him away in hopeless despair, with words she would now have given all the world to unsay, wo may also leave untold ; nor pry into the heart that must needs, hide its cruel pain behind the mask of cold indif foIoIiCQ. , *' '* * * * * * ' The flag was flying over Maitland Court, which proclaimed to the surrounding country that the Maitland family was at home. Usually they had a large house party in the Bummer, but Sir John had had a bad attack of the gout, and so there were fow visitors. Among these was Major Ashby, now seriously in love with Alice Maitland. Judging from hissucecss on the nieht of tho ball, when, as he thought, she had been within an ace of accepting him, he had anti cipated a welcome reception to future advances, but to his surprise and disappoint ment he found her cold and reserved when lie remirideu her of their eouvei'SHiieii on the balcony. She was so listless and unlike her usual self that he could not but notice the change. To be precipitate and receive a ! refusal would have been fatal. The cautious major wished to make sure" of his ground, and by dint of skilful remarks and close observation, he succeeded in guessing the real truth of the matter; and indeed, when he so far forgot himself as to tax her with a love for Carrington, she made no attempt to deny it. The knowledge that Carrinston. and Oarringtcn alone, had had any chance of winning her hand was something of a shock to his vanity; but ho pretended to a vast deal of sympathy for her unhappy at tachment, and, in consequence, Alice Mait iand and he were beforo long on very inti mate terms; and the major reflected that he was making excellent progress and had but to bide his time. This being the state of affairs, it was not with feelings of unmixed pleasure that one morning at breakfast he received a letter from a brother officer and read the following passage;— ' And now of all people in the world—or, to write more correctly, of all people be lieved to be out of the world—whom do you suppose I saw vesterd-iy V Tvonn other than Arthur Civdngtoii. You may imagine how astonished I was ;-.'he;; the poor fellow re port had killed and hurried some months ncjn greeted ac wit!: !::v.~'-j shake cf th-3 hand, which teacified conclusively to my doubting senses, that he was no ghost but veritable flesh and blood. lie seems to have had a very narrow escape and looks a bit thin and pale, with a slight gash over his eye from a French sabre; he fell when first we charged, lay for dead in tliy enemy's iinea, and had a horrible night cf it. Strange to sr.y, he never lost consciousness, though he was orer by P"'-1."!--"! carj.Iry ~nd very roughtly treated by the would-be looters. At last, by means of promising a heavy reward, he prevailed ou a peasant who semuhod him for coin, and was crlevously disappointed at finding his amiable designs had already been forstalled, to carry him to his cottage, whero he lay at death's door for six or seven weeks; but the peasant and his wife, apparently a very decent couple when .their avarice could side with their humanity, managed to pull him through with the help of a local apothecary, and Uarrington left for Brussels ■with the blessing of tho worthy couple. Then ho made his vrr.y to England r.nd London, reported himself at headquarters and carne across ino afc the cluiv Major Ashby read this ■wholly unexpected news, and instinctively glanced at Miss Maitland. ' Why, my dear Ashby,' said old Sir Robert—'quite the contrary. Yet,' thought ho to himself, 1 it might turn out vory bad news for mc,' and again ho looked at Mias Mail-land.1 Breakfast over, Major Ashby lit a cigar and strolled by himself on the terrace. ' This dead man turning up like a bad Dsnnv ?"- exceed!:;™!? awkvasd.' !«••> tl«n« <"]»«■. ' and may play tho deuco "tvith my prospects of marrying Alicc Haitland. There i3 no doubt that she is very fond of him; she's been dreadfully cut up about his death, and jt!«t V'. T 'VM mating way in ]««>• gnnfl g-t'CC", ii's uucouimoiilj li&rJ; lliiio Ihos.t Ta'otelicu peasants should havo saved him and let him come back to England to spoil sport.1 And tiio major pulioJ. v'.^zouziy hiu cigar and wMkod up and clown Lhii leiTace a* ho medi t.-ited en the best course to pursue in viov,- of the return of his rival. Alice uid not jvr know but that her lores: was really lulled (and undor six feet, of earth j in the plain of Waterloo). hut. that. slip. wwM I iuiig luiiiiiin iu ignorance 01 tne real estate of affairs was most unlikely. Afc all events,he would not bethebearerofthenews; of. that he was determined. All's fair iu love and war, and as the cigar burnt lower he came to the conclusion that the only plan for him yeas to waste no time, but propose for her hand Ihafc very day and trust to a successful issue. , ; Evidently fortune favored him, for just as he had made up his mind to risk all on an immediate proposal at the very first oppor tunity, the fair cause of< his "heart-burnings stepped out of the French window on to the terrace, basket in handj armed with thick gloves and a pair of scissors, as pretty a flower- seeker as one coulii well wish to seei Here was his opportunity all unsought. ' 1' ully equipped for an expedition among the flowers, I see,' said jthe major, flinging away the stump of his cigar. ' Yes,'she said, 'among the wild flowers this morning.' ! • ' ' And may I be my lady's escort ? said he. 'You may,' she laughed: 'and, like a faithful knight, you shall carry the basket.' There had been a heavy fall of dew in the night and every blade of grass glistened in the sunshine. A mist overhung the horizon and gave promise of a hot day, and the lazy, drone of the bees, the languid caw of the rooks, and the distant voices of reapers in a neighboring field came softly through the air. As the major walked acr6ss the lawn toward the meadow beyond, and talked to the pretty girl at his side, lie felt as if nature smiled upon his love, and the sweet hope of posses sion came over him, while the serpent which lurked in his paradise, in the shape of the unwelcome letter, was carefully Hidden away in the breast-pocket of his coat. Now it happened on this same lovely morn ing that Arthur .Carrington was travelling from London to his home in Gloucestershire, not far from Mailland Court. The beauty of the scenery had no pleasing influence for him, for, 33 he drove along the well-known road, he thought of his blighted love, and a hund red times he cursed the Frenchman who had done his work so ill. and left him life to re member the bitterness of his disappointed passion. Then.he would upbraid himself for his ingratitude to the Providence which had preserved him, and vow to think no more of the girl who had rejected him, but face his future like a man, exchange into an Indian regiment, and never see Alice Maitland again. But when the post-chaise drew up at the Maitland arms, and the postillion got down to water rh« horapa nnrl refrp«l\ himself wirh a copious draught of ale, Carrington felt a great desire to go, and see the house where he liad first met his fate, and the garden where he had walked with her in the old days, seem ingly so long ago, before he went abroad, and before that unlucky night at the Brussels ball. Perhaps, . umccii himself, he niighL even catch a glimpse of his beloved—see her for the last time. Prudence told him it was a fool's errand, but prudence spoke un heeded. Leaving word that he might return in half an-hour, ho took,a path which led through meadow-land and-corn-field in the direction of Maitland court. Just as he was nearing the highway which divided the fields from the park, his heart beat quickly, for he heard well-known voices, and had just time to stand in the shelter of the hedge, when Alice Mait land and Major Ajliby, iu earliest conversa tion, came down .the road ariS "leant""against" the dividing style. They were so intent in conversation that the}7 did nut notice him, where he stood, not daring to move. To see her thua, with his successful rival, was gall ing indeed; Carrington. set his teeth, and hoped they would pass mi down , the road. He scarcely heard what they were saying, so dazed was he with tlie unwelcome sight, but he heard her speak his name, and held his breath, and could but listen. ' Yes,' said the major, speaking very earnestly, 'you loved him; butt'nat is past; and now that ho is dead, it is all different. Surely1 you will not sacrifice the living for the dead ? 'Doyou think,' she said, speaking very Blowly, and with evident effort, ' that—that there is no chance that he is—is not dead ? He was only reported amongst—the missing. possible, but fondly-cherished hope, only to be shattered by the =c»pticRl common-senss of another. For a. moment the major hesi icijoJ. _ Tt was one thing to conceal the news of a rival's safety, another .to deliberately state,that he believed him to bo dead. She looked up r.fc bira; ich such an eager look in her eyes, that the major, feeling how little she cared for him in comparison with love for Carrington, fiercely resolved she should be his at all cost, and flung all scruple to the wind. 'It is useless to dcceive you with fake hopes,' he said. 'There can be no possible doubt but that Arthur Camugtoii was killed —if not we should havejliad xie\vs of him by now.' I f Carrington could contain himself no longer; every pulse in hi3 body seemed to be-throb bing with the exquisite thought that she loved him. j ' ^ '.Not so dead as you think, Aahby,' .he ex claimed, stepping into the open from out of the shadow of the hedge. ; Alice gave a little cryf^allijoy^ all wonder ment; and would have fallen, but that Arthur caught her in his arms. ; +'V..TV,,''"1. ' I am delighted to have oeen iniBtRken,'| retorted Ashby bravely; but, needless, to say, ■ the gallant major did not loalcifc. | 