"FAIRY QUEEJM." OR, Love Will Find the Way. CHAPTER XX. " THE SOITSX» OF THAT BEAUTIFUL VOICE, THE SIGHT OF , THAT GIBLI6H FACE HATE BLIOUGHT BACK THE MEMOB7 OF MY LOST DAELING !" " My thinking-of her, or the music's strain, Or something which never will be ex- Had brought her back from the grave again With the jasmine 011 her breast." It would be useless for me to try to portray the anguish and despair which shadowed the lives of Colonel Leslie and Harry Hoiley after they had heard from the lips of Martha Meredith, the sorrowf nl story of the past. She had been employed as nnrse by Colonel Leslie's brother, and it was then that she beiîame the slave of the selfish woman he had wedded. But that she regretted her part in the entire affair we know only too well. And Heaven had been swift to punish her for her sin. How those first few days of desolation passed-the wretched father and bereaved lover could never tell. They ofteu wondered why they did not go mad, 'w-henever tney thought of the lovely girl whose Me had. been so shore and fleeting, and their only regret day and night was that they had been so harsh and unforgiving. Oh, how many times did they fail upon their knees, and in anguished, pleading voices ask God to blot out the past, and give them back their loved one once again. But their fierce prayers were not answered, and life went ou, even though death would have been welcome. She was gone, and no matter how much they longed for her, she would never be with them again. • On that never-to-be-forgotten night the fond lover had found a tiny white satin slipper upon the river's brink, and close beside it a spray of orange-blossoms that only a few hours before had graced her golden head. Gradually the frantic grief for the lost one grew into a tettled, gnawing pain, that ached both day and night. 11 they had found her and buried her in the quiei old churchyard, they would at least have had the comfort of weeping together over her grave. But the river did not give up its dead, and they were forced to be content. The loss of the yonng girl seemed to draw father and lover nearer together than ever, and there were times when her spirit seemed to hover over them, bringing comfort to their aching hearts. The summer was dead, and the golden autumn soon followed it, bearing with it the hopes and dreams oE the past, and Leslie Manor was beginning to be a dreary place. Colonel Leslie was thinking of returning to the city, and Karry Holley's parents were urging him to do the same, and at last they bade farewell to the scenes around which clustered so many tender yet sorrowful memories. With the coming of the winter a new star had arisen upon the world of music in New York. The papers were filled with glowing accounts of her youth, her beauty, and her marvellous voice, over which the whole city was raving. The fashionable world went wild over her, but who she was, where she came from, or to whom she belonged, no one knew. It was said that the childish-looking little creature's "n onderful voice could bring tears to the eyes of the coldest hearted, and she was such a dainty, sad-eyed fairy that she did not appear to be more than sixteen or seventeen at the most. And it was then when the name of " La Petite" was on every tongue that Harry Hoiley chanced to meet one cf his old school chums, one afternoon, on Broadway. He had not seen him since the sad ending of the wedding night that was doomed to be filled with sadness and death. His name was Dick Young, and he was a frank, good-hearted fellow, and an ardent admirer of Harry. They were always the best of friends while at school together, and the young man saw at a glance that his friend was still mourning for his lost love. He could read it in the downcast eyes, the pale, set face, and the forced smile with which he greeted him. " Well, by Jove, Harry ! " he exclaimed, grasping tne other warmly by the hand. "I was. thinking of you only a few days ago, and wondering what had become of yon. How and where have you been, anyway?" " Alive and well, as you can see for yourself, Dick," Harry answered with a weary smile ; and then he added with a sigh : " I have been at Leslie Manor with Colonel Leslie ever since—ever since " "There! that will do, old man," Dick interrupted with kind abruptness. "1 understand yon perfectly." And locking his arm within that of his friend they proceeded leisurely along Broadway, upon different subjects— anything rather than the sad past. \- Oh, oy the way, Harry, you ought to go and hear La Petite to-night. She is simply wonderful," Dick suddenly exclaimed "1 have heard many voices, but not one among them can compare with here. She is such a iittjjp beauty, too. Go with me to-night, my boy, and you will never regret it." Htuty laughed, and answered in a very listless manner. "All right, I'll go, Dick. Anything to stop thinMog, and, to tell the truth, 1 am zatber anxious to hear the wonder sing." " You never heard her equal before in this world," Dick replied, with a flushof admiration tingling his cheek. " Why, if you shut your eyes when she is singing, you will fancy that you are in heaven." Come and dine with me, Harry," he said a few moments later, and the invitation was accepted. Alter- dinner they went to the theatre wfeere " La fetite " was singing, and where they had a box for the evening. They waited impatiently for her to come cut, and at last she came. There was a death-like silence, broken only by the soft, sad wail of the orchestra, and then a fairy- 4ike little figure in robes, of misty, frost-like lace, floated out upon the stage, scarcely seeming to touch the floor with her tiny feet. A low, treumloris strain, vibrant with the heart's emotions, filled the air, gradually growing strong and clear, until at last it seemed to float up to heaven and die away in silence among the listening angels. Oh, what a voice ! Harry Hoiley leaned etgerly forward, his eyes fastened upon the beautiful face, his breath coming thick and fast through his parted lips. He could feel •every vein in his body thrill, and it was all he could do to restrain himself from ciying oat that she was so much like his lost love —so much like her J Not a sound disturbed the death-like silence that hovered over that vast throng. People sat spellbound, and it was indeed a strange sight to witness the frail young girl xobed in white, her graceful head crowned by a mass of short, dark curls, holding breathless and fascinated hundreds of men and women simply by her wondrous voice. A storm of applause greeted her when the song was finished,and bowing and smiling she kissed her dainty hands to her many admirers, and tripped from the stage. With a long-drawn sigh of ecstasy, Dick Young,turned to Harry, saying : "Thëre, -what did 1 tell you Î What do you think ®E her Î" " She is simply divine, Harry answered "and but for thedark hair Icouldswear that It was my poor, lost Queenie. Oh, how much ahe reminds me of my darling ! It is her voice fuly strengthened by pain and suffer ine. Do yon know, Dick, that it is said a woman's voice never arrives at the fulness of oerfectien mtil she has loved and lost. But •whatnonsense I am talking, and yetthis singer does jeaewble the girl I loved so dearly 3 "Yes she is yery much like her," Dick aid thoughtfully. * But La Peljtc has dark hair, while Queenie'* turn was bright golden 1 should&now; her, Htfrjy, were i to see her Masse a million." > " There is 110 hope, Dick, 4 ' was the sad reply. 'Bheis dead,andltolthatiHtflor nay brutal words she would be aUve and well. JBut my cursed pride vu the cause of Jt m, I had forgotten how she was tempted, poor girl, and'she was so young. 'I can see her now as she looked the last time I saw her— the fatal night that 1 refused to forgive her. The memory of those tearful, blue eyes and uivering lips as «he turned to me, imploring my pardon, will haunt me to my dying day, and then when I refused she cast one lingering look of love and sorrow upon me, and slowly left the room, the snowy bridal veil hiding her lovely face, and that, Dick, was the last time I ever saw her !" "It is too sad to talk, about, old man." Dick said, slowly; wondering how he could cheer him. " We all make mistakes, and we wonld all do differently were we allowed to live our lives over again." «• But to-night as 1 listened t« La Eetite's singing. 1 fancied that my love was near -me.'' Harry whispered, wiping the,/great ndrops from off his brow. "The sound .of that voice, the sight of that face, brought back the memory of tny lost "darling, and' my heart is breaking for her !" The low wail of the orchestra kept time to his sad words, and as he-was about to speak, Dick leaned forward, saying excitedly : " They are calling her back. Ah, there he comes. She will sing again. Hear hem cheer her." The applause was deafening, and in the midst of it she appeared, a smile wreathing her red lips, and then she commenced her second song. CHAPTER XXI. ŒM ETES ATET AUX» A THBELT. WENT THROUGH BOTH HEABTS. rThe future holding joys to still my pain, Has yet no power to wreathe my heart in smiles; I cannot look beyond the present woe, I have no thought, but that my love is gone." She raised her eyes, and as she did so her glance rested upon the two young men in the box. Not a muscle quivered, but, swelling her throat she commenced a plaintive song, that the papers said no other ever sang as she could sing it, and Harry Hoiley felt a passionate love that was half sorrow spring to life within his breast for the beautiful songstress who reminded him of his lost love. Her voice thrilled him through and through, why, he could not say. There were tears in many eyes. Oh, how she sung that last song on that illfated night ! One there was who sat motionless, entranced, his eyes fastened upon the peerless face, while the words were engraved upon his brain forever : "Ah! if my love would come once more, And smile as he was wont of yore, Would take my hands within his own And breathe in love's delicious tone; 'Like some lone bird o'er land and sea, Dear heart, I've sped me back to thee ! ' How «olden bright this world would be— How golden bright this world would be I "A doubt, a word sent us apart, The word was mine—not of the heart— Oh ! cruel doubt, oh ! hasty word, What boundless anguish have ye stirr'd; And yet sweet Hope oft sings to me The old, old strains so filled with glee. How golden bright this world will be— How golden bright this world wilI be ! " The song died away in a long-drawu, tremulous sigh, and as she bowed low before the excited throng, something compelled her to glance up at the box in which the "two young men were sitting. What it was she could not say, but she looked up and beheld the young man's ardent gaze fastened upon her. Their eyes met, and a thrill went through both hearts, and yet they gave no outward sign of the passion that struggled for life and utterance in both their hearts. He leaned forward, and she half hesitated, but only for a second, and remembering where she was, left the stage. And then an awful tragedy that shocked and terrified the whole city took place. How it happened, no one could ever tell, but a few moaients after " La Petite " vanished in her dressing room, a mass of fierce, roaring flames burst through the scenery at the back of the stage, and before anyone knew what to do, the theatre was on fire. ,, , How it caught no one ever knew, but, on, the horror and agony of that night! Caught like rats in a trap the doomed creatures perished by the score, and help so near at hand. It was pitiful to hear the shrieks and moans of agony of both men and women, and every now and then pistol-shot would ring out above the hoarse roar of the flames-and the shrill screams of the doomed ones, telling that some one had shot himself rather than be roasted alive. Harry Holley's first thought was of " La Petite," and with a groan of terror for the young girl's safety, he sprang upon the edge of the box, and. was about to leap down to the burning stage when Dick Young caught him by the arm, crying wildly : Harry, what would you do ? Are you insane ? " t Let me go, for the love of Heaven, let me go!" he panted, struggling to free himself from his friend's grasp. " I must save her, I must save her ! " " But you will lose your own life in the attempt, Harry ! " Dick cried in terror and dismay. " No man could live five minutes in that furnace. Be reasonable, and let's try to get out of here ! I fear that we are lost ! " A woman's scream, filled with agony and despair, rang through the burning building, and with an almost superhuman effort the maddened young man gave his friend a blow that forced him to release his hold, and sprang directly down on the blazing stage, «' He is lost ! " Dick Young gasped, staggering back, and covering his face with his handB. *' He has gone to his death, and he cannot save her after all !" _ AnH then began a fight for his own life. He could do nothing to help his friend, and through fire and smoke he battled bis way to the open air. How he ever lived to reach it he was never able to tell, but after being nearly suffocated a dozen times, with a great ciy of thankfulness he founi himself in the street,and as he realised the awful death from which he had just escaped, he offered up a prayer of thanks giving ® * and 3|C gratitude. 4 E * * 3 When Hany Hoiley plunged on the burning stage that fearful night, his head struck a hard object, and he knew no more, but lay still and motionless at the mercy of the pitiless fire. At last he seemed to slowly come back to life. There were long, dark nights in which he lived over again that fearful time, and his hoarse cries that he must save her would fill the air. and his struggles to arise from the bed were fearful to witness. But one night reason returned to him, and opening his eyes, he saw his friend Dick Yonng was sitting beside him, his face pale and haggard. _ Beaching out one hand, he was surprised at his own weakness, and as Dick turned to him he asked faintly : "Where am I, old man? What has happened? Have I teen ill? " ' v A cry of gladness broke from Dick's lips. " Thank Heaven that you are conscious ! he said, his eyes filling with tears, for the strong young fellow's nerves were completely shattered by his long days and nights of ceaseless watching at the bedside of his suffering friend. " I was beginning to think you would never recover/' •'Ah, I remember now!" Harry said, passing his hand across his feveris^HiWfVi if to drive away the mists that clouded his brain—;" i rememberthefire—theawful blow, and then darkness—darkness ! But where am I, Dick t I do not know these rooms." " Yon are in my apartments, Hany," 1 answered, laying one hand uponthe^hot head. "Ypu have heenlMoraoi 1 —quite ill/' Suddenly Many started, and raising himself on one elbow, askedeagerly, while a flush crimsoned his wan fooe> : .-.«• Was she saved, Dick P *' Sick was silent for a moment, dreading to answer, and Harry,seeing him hesitate. WPt ou ! "."Why don't ,you tellme, Dick? I am not a child to be trifled with. Tell me ! " "No, Harry, she was not saved," his friend replied, very gently. "Yon.acted the part of a hero, bat poor La Petite-?-" His voice choked, and he could say no more. Harrygrasped MB arm,-6aying in a hoarse whisper : "Then she lost her life; but tell me; Dick, {lid they find her body F " Dick nodded,- and answered, sadly : "Yes, they found her and buried her days ago. Her lovely face was burned so badly that no one would ever have recognised her as the singer who only a few hours before was charming hundreds with her wonderful voice. Poor, pretty La Petite! it was indeed a sorrowful ending for such a promising career ! " Harry lay back among the pillows with a sigh, and did not answer ; and from that time the name of the ill-fated singer was never mentioned between the two friends. The young man's recovery was slow, so that it was early spring before he was really himself again, and he was - but the mere shadow of the handsome and dashing student who had won pretty Queenie Meredith's heart nearly a year. ago. Everything reminded him of his fast love, and at last he resolved to go abroad and see if he could not forget. There were tears in honest Dick Young's eyes as he clasped his friend's hand for the last time before he sailed for England, and in a queer, choked voice he said : " Good-bye, old man, and God bless yon ! I am sorry that you are going, but I know it îs for your own good, and I hope you will wear a brighter and happier face when you return." "HI ever do," Harry said sadly. " To tell you the truth, Dick, I would not care much if I never returned, for my life has been a complete failure from beginning to end, and sometimes I think the sooner it ends the better." " Nonsense, Hany," Dick returned. " You will be happy yet. 'Mark my words for it. You are too young to give up."_ Harry shook his head, and it was time for Dick to go ashore, and with one more clasp of the hand they parted. As the steamer slowly sailed out of the bay, and the city of New York gradually faded away from 6ight, Harry whispered to himself that he was done *ith the old life forever. From now on he would begin anew, and the old lovers, the dear old dreams, the old ties—all were gone, all dead and buried in the grave in which his happiness, his very life,"lay hidden from all human eyes. CHAPTER XXH. AFTER LONG YKAR8. Four years have passed since the. day that Harry Hoiley turned his back upon the old life, and severed the dear old ties which bound him to the sorrowful past, and his lost love. Four years spent in ceaseless longing for the girl he had loved so dearly, but alas! whose young heart he had cruelly broken. Oh, how many times he had prayed God to give him back just one hour with his darling, so that he might atone, and cast away that awful weight on his heart. Those years had wrought many changes in his life, and as the golden June sunshine falls in long, wavering beams npon his bowed head as he paces to and fro upon the green sloping bank that leads down to the water's edge, it does not seem possible that this grave, qniefc-looking young man, with that expression of deep-settled sorrow in his dark eyes, can be the same lighthearted Harry Hoiley of four years ago. Young as he is, a few silver threads gleam among his waving hair, and there are lines on his broad, white brow that tell of long, sleepless nights and hours of anguish and despair. " Four years ! " he murmured, his eyes fastened upon the gleaming waters over which he had drifted with his darling. Four years filled with longing and remorse, and yet I have no right to think of her—I must forget her, for I have a wife and child, and they have the first claim upon my affection, but, oh, Queenie, my dear lost love, it might have been — it might have been ! " His eyes grew dim and misty, and a great lump arose in his throat, almost choking him, and as he raised his hand to dash away the tears, ashamed of his own weakness, a merry laugh sounded close beside him, and the next instant he felt a pair of soft round arms encircle his neck, a cheek was laid lovingly against his face, and a sweet voice, that was tenderness itself, said: What are you thinking of, Harry dearest P You look so sad and forlorn, and really believe there are tears in your It was his wife, a slender, delicate girl, whose beautiful, spiritual face made the name Lilian seem exactly suited to her That she adored him was plainly to be seen, for the innocent, qnestioning eyes were raised to his with a look of love that one of the blessed saints might have worn. And it was because of her mighty love for him that he married her. He knew that she loved him, and with out bis love, her fair, young life wonld be made miserable. His happiness had died with Queenie, and the future could give him nothing. So why not make gentle Lilian Leigh happy ? He was fond of her, and it was only right and just. He turned to her with a smile, and taking her in his arms, kissed the red lips, saying tenderly : " I was thinking, dearest —that was all, and my thoughts were of friends who were dear to me, and are now dead." A little sigh of relief fell from her lips. " I am glad of that, Hany, darling," she whispered, hiding her sweet face upon his breast. "I cannot bear to see even the faintest shadow of unhappiness upon your dear facV' He pressed his lips to her forehead and she was silent for some moments; She had been his wife for a year now, and each passing day she grew dearer to him, for a man must have a heart of stone not to care for such a pure and lovely woman. She was as artless as his baby boy, and he ought to be perfectly happy, but, oh, nothing in all the great world could atone for bis lost one. His heart gave a great leap of longing. She raised her head, and her love-lit eyes caught his in wonder. " I can feel your heart throb against my own, Harry," she whispered, blushing and smiling. " Is it love for me, dearest, that causes it to throb so fiercely?" His only, answer was to press her to his heart in a passion of remorse and anguish. He pitied.himself,and he pitied his poor, dead love, but most of all did he pity this trusting girl who loved him so. Suddenly a little startled laugh burst from her Iips, and she cried : " Oh, .Harry, how thoughtless I am ! lhad forgotten her very existence «S T always do forget everything whçn I am with you! Lucile C]ifford, my dear friendand schoolmate, has arrived; You knowwe expected her to-day, and I «ame ont here to tell you, but J forget that there are other people In the world when I am with you dearest." It was a pretty compliment, and he said, laughingly; "Bo I am the whole world to my. wife. •And now I suppose I must go with you to .meet this wonderful friend of whom I have heard so much, bat to befrank, I would much prefer to . remain ont here with you, pet." ; " Oh, Harry, you will like her " she cried reproachfully. " You cannot help it, lor she >ii soilovely and gracious. She is a queen •among women J". " And she is young and beautiful, and an •heiress," he went on carelessly, locking his iarçi within his wife's, m they walked toward the house. " And aside from that, all alone in the world. My dear, we must find her a ^sband." • ; a " Lucile will never- marry, she has often >told me so," she answered, "and she grieves deeply yet for her kind, adopted mother, who ihas been dead but alittle over a year." ; " Oh, ^afnOUfford was not her owi tmother, then f" ^be asked, somewhat sur :prised, " I «evw4»ew tfoat before." " " But she loved her very dearly, and she left her the entire Cliff »rd fortune, and it is a large one. Ah, who could help loving Lucile?" He <?id not like to hear that name, for it always hurt him a little, and he wished that this friend of his wife's had another name, but whenever he thought of his lost darling it was as Queenie Meredith, the young girl who bad won his firBt love, .and not .as Lucile Leslie, the heiress. He went slowly up the broad stone steps, his wife clinging to his arm, her sweet laughter ringing merrily oui upon the balmy, , summer air. n As they entered the long, cool parlor, a Blender, graceful figure in robes of black came toward .them, and with a laugh of triumph, Lilian said : " Here Bne is, Harry. I feel that there is no. need of a formal introduction, for you both ought to know each other, although Lucile did not know that I was married until she arrived But my husband has heard me talk of you so often, Lucile, that he ought to know you, and " A low, hoarse cry interrupted her. It came from the lips of her husband, and starting forward, he burst out : " Queenie, Queenie ! You alive 7 Thank God yau Jive—you are not dead 1" Like a living statue the beautîfal stranger stood, her lovely face deathly white, her violet eyes staring into his, horror and despair frozen in their purple depths. . One hand was pressed tightly against her tortnred heart, for she feared that if she re-, moved her. hand it would surely stop beat- ' ing. "Qaeenie !" he panted, forgetfnl alike of the world and every soul in it, " Queenie, you are not dead—you live—live—live !" He-had forgotten his wife and child. He had forgotten all save that the one he adored was before him. His dear lost love was with him once more. And then she spoke, and her voice sounded hollow and awful. But she knew that she must say something, for ruin stared him in the face if she did not speak, and her dear friend, her young life would be ruined, She must speak ihe must save him. ' Yoa—you are mistaken, sir!" she gasped, her heart throbbing EO fiercely that she conld hardly restrain herself from crying aloud in her woe. " You are surely mistaken, for my name is Lucile, not Queenie." Her voice died away in a low heartrending moan, and she reeled and would have fallen to the floor had he not sprung forward and caught her in his arms. " I—I am weak and faint, 1 have been ill," she panted, struggling to free herself from those strong arms whose clasp made her grow dizzy with memoiies of the past. " Lilian, please may 1 go to my room and rest a moment ? 1 will be better presently but I am so weak—so weak even yet " Come and sit out here on the verandah," Lilian said, putting her arms about her and assisting her to the open air. ' Why, you are as pale as a ghost, Lucie. I did n«t dream that you had been ill, deaT. You never told me, and, of course, in your weak state Harry calling you someone who is dead wou'd naturally startle you. How your hands tremble*!" " 1 am weak, bnt I shall feel -better presently," she Baid in queer, 6tifled tone6. " But come out into the garden, Lilian. 1 believe 1 will recover more quickly among the roses. It was very foolish in-me, but really your husband startled me,"" and she laughed, nervously. u You poor creature," Lilian said, her eyes shining with love and pity. " Come with me and we will sit among the roses until you feel better." They seated themselves on the rustic bench among the roses, and, as Queenie listened to her friend's low voice, she was conscious of one thing only, and that was thè bitter knowledge that the man she loved so madly was separated from*her by a barrier that nothing save death could put aside, and that barrier was her dearest, truest friend 1 Happy birds darted to and fro above lier head. The summer wind sighed through thé green leaves around her, and the air was heavy with the scent of roses. It was a peaceful scene for any human eyes to rest npon, and yet to this tortured girl there was no beauty in flowers, sunlight, or bird-songs Life was at an end for her. She looked at the happy, smiling face of the girl beside her, and a deep and tender pity took possession of her. She was the one to be pitied most, for she was se trusting and innocent. " She shall never know a single moment's unhappiness through mè," Queenie silently vowed, her heart filled to overflowing. God bless her! she deserves all the happiness that can be given her, and she shall have it, she shall have it 1" She put her arm around the slender waist, and, laying her cheek tenderly against the sweet one so near, said gently : ~ " Now, Lilian, darling, tell me of your life since last we met. Of your home, yonr happiness, your husband and his love. Tell me all, dearest, for I thank Heaven that yon are so happy, and I will pray that it may con-; tinue to the end." CHAPTER XXtIL " THE OLD LOVE WAS THE BEST." Lilian looked at the beautiful face in sur rise, and as she beheld the tears sparkling n the violet eyes, Bhe exclaimed : " Why, Lucile, you are crying ! What is t, dear Ï Why do you weep ?" Queenie choked back a sob, and smiling through her tears, answered tremulously " I am nervous and weak, and then there is a strange and solemn gladness in finding ou so happy in your husband's love. Oh, Lilian, believe me dear, when I say that perfect happiness, such as you know, is a rare and unusual thing in this ever-changing world 1" The young wife gazed into the tear-wet face, loving wonder shining forth from her innocent, trusting eyes. She laid her head on her friend's shoulder, whispering tenderly.* •< I am bappy, oh, Lucile, so very happy 1 At times I fear that it is too perfect to last. "You are indeed blessed, Lilian, beyond all other women. But you deserve it, dearest f anyone in this wide world ever did. Oh, my true, kind friend, I rejoice with yon ;in yourhappiness. Her tears were falling thick and fast upon the bowed head, and with tears in her own eyes the fair, young wife raised her head, asking lovingly : " Are you not happy. Lucile dear 7 Yon speak as though you had known sorrow, and I cannot bear it, for it would not seem right for me to be so happy and you wtetched and lonely." "I am happy, Lilian—as happy as I can ever hope to be in this world," was the tremulous answer. "You mast remember that it is only a short time since I lost my best and truest friend, and my heart is «till soie and aching from the great loss. Bât I shall never be as bappy, Mend, as you are. Heaven has willed it otherwise, and I must be content. But it gives me joy, believe me, to see you happy and content. Oh, Lilian, Lilian ! you ought to thank God every hour of your life for His goodness, indeed-you ought, dear." " I do thank Him, oh, Lucile, I do," she answered, her voice trembling with a new and sacred happiness, " and I have yet more to be grateful for—I have other joys to reveal to you—and then you can truly say that I am blessed." t She led the way along the winding wajk,| and like one in a dream her friend followed her—up the stately stone steps, across the wide .hall, and again up broad, richly «carpeted stain, and then into a sunny room, where a tiny, lace-draped oot was guarded by a white-capped maid, her cheery face all «glow with pride. The happy young mother pushed aside the filmy lace drapery, and there, sleeping peacefully, its golden curls tossed in careless confusion upon the pillow, lay a beamtiCul .babe. A cry fell from the lips of the girl àt =hçr side—a ciy that even the angels muBt bavé heard and pitied—more, they must have rememherediteveraftarrforit camefrcmjra; aching heart that , knows no hope, ' no comfort, bat with weary eyes only, the loveless, drearyfnture. Your little babe, Lilian ?" she said, in a «mothered voioe, astnngefwecreepingover bsrrr^ youiB, dearest ? I can scarcely be lieve my own eyes." À ffftud) lovtog laugb Tippled iron tbe fair mother's sweet lips, and bendin low over her sleeping child, she said : " Is be not-beautiful, Lucile î Ob, you do not know what a source of joy he is to me ! And be has his father's beautiful, dark eyes. I think that is one reason why 1 love him so, because he 4s so much like my darling. My baby Is veiy, very precioas, but my husband comes before all others. Do you think I am wrpng in that, dear Lucile ?" - . "No, no, Lilian, you-are right ; heis your husband, and you ought to love him better than anyone in the-wide world. You cannot love him enough, my darling—you cannot be tban)tfn,l enpngh ior his lovp. Let him know what tie is to you—jet him know, that without his love and présence you could not live, and he will love*you all', the more for it. Convinc® hijn .t^t .he is to you what the golden sunlight and the heavenly dew are to tjie/flovyerBj^nd believe me, Lilian, his love will never change—never, never, never I" She had jMUen.Aftpn her knees beside the sleeping bflp^ad J»fx,hot tears were falling like rain jipon the little;face. She could not control l^df any loàgèr, and now that the flood-gates of -grief-v^ere opened, they threatened to sweepeveiything before them. Only Goi Mows how she prayed for strength and couçàge kneeling there.4>eside his child, her bitter- team. falling npon its innocent face. ' ' ^ind'her prayere were heard—for after a moment or tsro shç lifted her head, and wiping away the drops of anguish, .said with a sad smile : "Xon must not think me weak and childish, Lilian, but the sight of -à..little, innocent slewing ^abe always brings tears to my feyes f ;;;Heaven has .-indeed blessed youl Happy wife, happy young mother 1" -There was.no envy, no anger in her heart. Dirine pity and love for the fair young girl who was his wife, filled her eoui to overflowing. Bnt, oh, the pang, the awful sting that jierced her quivering heart as she tent over lis child, remembering, that once he loved her, and from the light that shone in his dark eyes when they had rested upon her face down there in the long, dim parlor, she knew that (he loved her still ! She bowed her head in mute, agony, wondering why she had ever lived to see this day. And she had been so near death too, and yet she was forced to live and bear it unto the bitter end. She felt Lilian's arm encircle her waist, and then she heard her say,- and her voice sounded faint and far away like the strange voice one sometimes hears in dreams : Let us go back to the garden, Lucile. It. alwayS soothes me to sit among the roses." Hand in hand the two friends went back to their seats under the roses, and it seemed to the heart-sick girl that the sun never shone one half so bright, orthe roses never gave out such waves of perfume as they did at that moment. But all the beauty and brightness to her were but ghastly mockeries. You have never loved, Lucile," Lilian's musical voice, tremulous with happiness went on, while the dancing sunbeams reflected the tear drop of joy that shone in her eyes ; and the sorrowful smile that crept about the patient lips of the listener died away unnoticed. " And so you can never realize what such love as mine means. You will never know, dear, until you have passed through those mystic gates." It was here among the roses that he asked me to be his wife. In the very spot where we are now sitting, he came' to me, and taking my hand within his own, told me, in accents that I shall never forget, that he wanted me for his wife ; and, oh, the look of love and tenderness that glowed within his dear, dark eyes." Who can describe the emotion that filled the heart of the girl sitting there so quietly, a smile wreathing her patient lips ? Who can know of the torture that quivered through every vein ? Who, unless one who has suffered likewise ? But she did not flinch. She would bear it like the good soldier that she was, and no one would ever know how greatly she suffered. She turned her head, and was about to speak, but she was saved fresh pain, for with a little cry Lilian sprung to her feet, saying reproachfully : . "Oh, I had foTgotten all about Hairy's saying he wished to see me before lunch. I will not be long, Lucile Would you like to go to your room and rest alittle while now ? ' No, I will wait, dear Lilian, until you return," she replied evenly. " I am not tired, and it is too pietty out here to rémain in the house. Go to your husband, and I will amuse mvself here." The happy young wife daited like a but-, terfly in the directiou of the house, and Queenie was alone—for it was indeed Queenie who Bat there among the roses. She raised her hopeless eyes up to the smiling sky, and a moan burst from her lips —a moan of heart-achë that she could smother no longer. " Oh, God 1" came in accents of woe from the bloodless lips. " Why must this be 1 Oh, for just one hour from the past, when I was only poor Queenie Meredith, and he was my lover, Oh, Harry, Harry, the old love was the best, dear—the old love was the best !" (To be continued)• T t o a s t p t g k t a f i a h a t 