How £ltalft We Decide This Question I" Now, which is the worse-to have no appetite for your di*imer, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There ace lota of people on the one tide or the other of ibis question. When u good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his weals. But most of ub are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite; or a vigorous appeti'e without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is tha*, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner,, because, short of the starvation line, ah angry man is a .henlthy man : whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eatin?, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer say?, *' I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months and then all at once; so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles pf diet seemed to loose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to sav.ta them. One thing wcb like another, and rone was good My .tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and vel!ow furr round it. My breath was offecsire and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulder?, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind It would gather so it i felt like n bail in r y throat, anl act as if it would choke me " We cannot wonder that under the? e circum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a p-icking sensation" at hi- heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, agaio, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have 1 made for I was afraid to eat. " After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and. this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.' What he means by the fear of ''something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of wme calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, *0 the impov«rUbed stale of his blood (the life bearer;,.his u»*trung\ nertes. and to the brain enfeelbd by lack of nourishment, 'lhe night of this form of i'lifie is always full of ghosts and gabbes the creatures of «. restless and ungoverued imagination. " With gra*l diffi< .Jty," he cay*, " I ^tucl to my work, £tr I had a wife end family de pending on me. So I struggled on, but w hat 1 euffeied for . orer j wo years is past my powers of-de^eription. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I hare done " . In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. 4 ne'e own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour'* pain. There i6 a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wrelched experience, o:-.ly we don't happen to come in tou^li with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment hue left him where it; found hint he chanced to r. ad in a book of a case exactly like his own ht>vin > been cured by Mot er Nigel's Syrup. " My Wjf ' he says, " got me a bottl«- at Mr Lang-taff's, in Wooierford, and after using its contents the ailment le't tue ;>iid has ntrn relurt" d >irice that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what if did iar me, v I have been employed by the Midland. £ ilway Company for eleven j ears. (Signed) " OEOE&E; Hokx, ?'fiar Bottom fiord, *' Apperley Bridge, fpegtr teeds We publish fbis by Mr ffuntfsdesire, in order ttiat jai; of the world at least may know hove thankful he ie and for what reason. ' ' ' 