'fll! PfiiOEI MOST. hu The ono afternoon train was due at Middle ford—a small, strangling, and not very prosperous town, where terminated a branch lino from a junction on the South* Western Railway—a lino for which, after long pro tracted opposition and delay, a grant had been obtained too late, traffic having merged in tho direction of a neighboring place. “ Middleford ! Middleford!” As tbe train drow up-at the platform, one paesengor only, a young man of about eight or nine and twenty, stepped out and stood for a few momenta (looking about him oa it in Borne uncertainty. He was, in fact, debating with himaolf as to whether he would, alter all, pay the chance visit bo had gone there to make. Ho had not gone by invitation other than was conveyed in the words : “Don’t forgot to look me up if you chance to be anywhoro in our neighborhood, Meredithr” spoken by a young fellow betweon whom and himself there had been some degree of iutimacy at the University, as tho two parted to go thoir diflerent ways. The usual words, not gene rally estimated above their value; and the idea of acting upon them had not occurred to Allan Meredith until ho found himself stranded for aomo hours at tho junotiou, and, turning over tho leaves of Bradshaw, came upon tho name of Middleford, and romem bored that it was Laurence Vorschoyle’s place. Finding that it was not more than five or six miles from the junction, and that tho train was just starting, he had, I on tho impulse of the moment, taken a 1 ticket and jumped in. Ho stood for another moment or two still hesitating, littlo imagining the influence his decision would have on his future life, and unable to account for his irresolution—a state of mind ho unusual with him. He presently shook himself froo of the feeling, and dccidod, sinco ho had got so far, that he would go on. Ho inquired tho way of tho portor, who had boon curiously eyeing him, and leaving his bag at the station sot forth for tho Priory. Ah ho walked along tho not very interest ing country road, his thoughts roverted again to tho man he was going to sco. Whato had become of him sinco they had parted throe years previously—Arersohoyle. tho first favorite of his set, who, with liis good intellect, brilliant, witty and versatile, hud seemed capable of almost any mental font! True, he had done nothing beyond give tho impression that ho could do a great deal if ho chose ; “und,” thought Allan Meredith, “curry homo a sheaf of bills, 1 expect. Ho ought to have been the moneyed man, and I tho one obliged to keep to the grindstone, perhaps. I don't know; the very necessity for doing something may have given him tho kind of impetus ho needed—to say nothing of having to keop up the prestige of an ancient name, which must be some spur to a man.” He bad reached tho cross roads, and was recalling tho somewhat vague directions tho portor hud given him. “Straight on till you como to a linger- post that seems to point back to tho station, but doesn’t; take that road, sir—the Priory lane, it’s culled—until you como to a swing gate, leading into a field ; crosH that, keeping tho footpath to tho left, mind you, till you seo a stilo; got over that, go through the lodge gates right opposite—though it isn’t a lodge now, and there ain’t no gates, only posts—and up an avenue, where all tbo trees have been cut down, and there you are. Tho old place you'll seo bofore you is tho Priory.” Tirao and; weather laid efiiiced whatever information tho sign post hud once afforded and there was nothing for it but to take tho direction in which it poiuted. He walked slowly on, speculation as to what sort of wolcomo ho was likely to receive from Vorfichoylo’s people. How littlo ho know about them. Trunk to effusiveness in somo directions, Vorschovle could bo roticont fiBT’Yalbur's ati m ft onto d'' but'* t tm wreck of a oncolarge property, Allan knew. Ho had also heard tbat tho widowed mother was still living. What was Verachoylo doing? —living upon tho small property, farming tho land or had ho, as ho had somotimes talked tof doing, gone in for literature, and carried his wares to tho London market? At that time his warea hod appeared to Allan Meredith likely to bo worth n great deal; but, with his threo years’ added knowledge and experience, ho was now inclined to estimate thorn some what differontty, Versohoylo’H intellect had. iudecd, revealed itself chiefly by fitful flashes, brilliant and dazzling enough in their otfeot at tho moment, but leaving no lasting improaaion of very high powors : and this, with hi a mercurial temperament might render his success in the future doubt ful. Allan Meredith had proceeded somo dis tance, and was beginning to think that ho must liavo passed tho swing gate without noticing it, when, on turning a bend in tho lane, ho saw ayounggirl walking inadvanco. Ho quiokenod his stops a littlo in order to overtake her, andmnko inquiry as to whether ho waa going in tho right direotion, noting, meanwhile, her general appearance so far us to iufor that she waB a farmer’s daughter; or rather, as ho thought with a half smile, what a farmer’s daughter 13 conventionally supposed to bo like. Thick leather shoes, a plainly made gown of so mo light grey stud', and shot t enough for country walking; a large brown straw bat, with neither flower nor feather to adorn it; and ungloved hands, in tho ono swinging by her side a strap buckled round two or three tattered-looking books. After a moment or two ho recognised some* thing more. Taking note of tho firm, liirht step, the carriage of tho head, the perfect oaco andftoedomof the tall graceful figuro,bo men tally ejaculated-. “A lady; nyo, and with somo individuality ot her own, too!” His step had evidently not been hoard on tho soft, springy turf, and he was fust lesson ing tho distance between them, somo curiosity new mingling with his desire for information, when bIig turned out of the lane and passea through a a wine; gate. Horoeho paused for a moment, looking'baok, and their eyes mot, Yes ; iust such a faco aa ho, a dreamer of dreams, nad sometimes picturod to himself, but hardly hoped to sco in tho world of roality. A faco too grave end troubled for her years— sho looked baroly 13—but how bountiful with its clear, steadfast eyes and general expres sion so simple, frank, girlish, and, at the same timo so intelligent and thoughtful! She was regarding him with a surprised, questioning look, which reminded him that ho was gazing too pertinaciously. A little consciously ho lifted his hat and asked : “ Can you direot mo to the Priory ?*’ “Tho Priory?” she ropeated in a low voice, bor eyes fixed moro intontly upon him, and her hand tightening on tho gate. “ Mr Yoraohoylo'fl place. 1 was direoted at the railway stutiou, but do not feel suro that--” “Whom do you want to feo there?” she put in abruptly—almost ungraciously. Nor was tho tone assumed; this waBnot the girl to affect thobrusquorio of uncouven* tiouality auymore than theauavity of conven tionality—it was rather that of one in deop anxioty, and uuaccuatomed to veil her thoughts. Mr Ycrsohoylo,” he roplied. On business 1"—tho expression of dread, of whatever it was, deepening in her face, whito now to tho lips ; as, on tho im pul»o of tho moment, she pressed baok tho gate as though to bar tho way. “ Ho,” ho murmured. To have brought such a look to such a faco! She still eyed him. with tho same unquiet scrutiny, aa though debating something in her mind; then hurriedly asked, “ llut why ? Where do you come from.” Ho might very well have asked what in terest his relations with VorHehoylo could have for her; but ho felt that thoro was somo grave reason underlying her anxiety, and waa not inclined to take oflbacQ. Moreover, there was no necessity for mystery on his side; and, therefore, ho might us well reply openly and directly to her question. “ Prom Gray minster. My name ia Mere dith.” “ Are you a friend of hia? Mr \ erschoyle ia my brother;” still a littlo hcaitaingly and, Q9 it wore, on the defensive. Ho raised his hat again. “Wo were at yo Wadham together, MiB8 VersuDoyie, and. chanoing to be in this neighborhood, L thought I would look him up for hail an. honr’a talk over old timeo.” The color came into her cheeks, and a smile 7 to her beautiful lips, although both faded too a quickly. “I remember yonr name now,'Mr 1 Meredith. I have often heard my brother apeak of you,” moving aside for him to a pass through the gale aa she added, 41 If yon 3 will come with mo I willflhow you the way. Ho bowed; passing quickly through to her 9 side. His indecision had entirely vanished, t now, and a visit to the Priory seemed the most f desirable thing in the world. To think of Ver j sohoyle not mentioning that ho had a sister f and auch a sister 1 r “Hear I must have seemed terribly rode \- when you first Bpoko Lo me, Mr Meredith, she said, looking up into* his face with ft j smile, os they proceeded along the path that 5 skirted the field. “The truth is, 1 waa a afraid—that is, I thought you were—some-, i one else/’ flushing with the consciousnesa* f that Hho was saying more than she had meant x He hastened to assure her that it had be&XL; . quito evident no discourtesy wa» intended; 9 mentally, the while, congratulating himself 3 upon not being 44 someone ©Ibo,” then quietly f changed the subject. 441 have not seen. f your brother sinco we left Oxford, Mi» 5 Verachoyle Your only brother, ia he not?” ' 44 Yea; and .1 am his only sister.^ 2fljr 3 mother, Laurenoo, and I live at the Priory, i 44 Mrs Voraohoylo is well, 1 hope?” with suddenly developed interest in everything; I that concerned her. 44 My mother is not worso, I am glad fa say, than she has been the last five years. She is always an invalid.” Had not Laurence told him that much? “Was it anxiety about her mothor’s health that had brought that look to her face?”he was thinking. 44No; it must be something mcio than, or at any rate different from, the kind of troublo which might spring from Buck a causo.” He murmured a few words of sympathy, her clear eyes turned to meet his, with bow different au expression from that ho had first seen in them! There was even a little girlish fun in them, as she asked :— “ What kind of place do you imagine tho Priory to bo, Mr Meredith ? ” “Weil, one naturally attaches a little medueval romance to tho idea of a Priory ; adding, after a momont’s reflection—there w.rro certainly no signs of prosperity about her—“and it ougnt to bo somowhac dilapi dated, I suppose—in tho picturesque stag® of decay. It must bo difficult to keep those old places in thorough repair.” 44 Very,” she replied, her faco shadowing. Then, with a side glance at him and again attempting a jesting tone, sho wont on r “Difficult, too, as it crumbles away, to find room f or anoiont retainers, old pictures, heir looms, and the rest of it. Now propare your mind, Mr Meredith, when wo turn this next bond—There is tho Priory !** He waB prepared now to see gome dilapi dated old place, but hardly for that which met his view. Tho Priory ! That desolate looking remnant of a building, standing •* forlornly against tho summer &ky; 1 Portions of tho walls, some high, some low, and all of groat thickness, atill remainod here, indica ting the plan of tho old Priory: but at this distance, oven these Beomod to form part of | ihe surrounding brickfields. By no effort of tho imagination could the inhabited partoi tho building bo supposed to ho the abode of pros perous people. All was desolation and decay, without piuturesqueuess. Even the aspect of tho grounds uboul it, whioh might on1:© have lent their aid as a setting to tho picture, seemed now only to aocentuato the fallea fortunes ot thehouse. Every aero of the ground, about it, onco of some extent and beautifully wooded, had been Hold pioecraoi' 1—■ tho greater part for brick:.elds. Ou then *e they were approachiug there seemed no redeem ing feature in tho dismal scene. No; not likely to bo Bpucioua reception-rooms nor be proud of, you see, Mr Meredith. Wear© not invaded by picnic parties and artists ia fearch of tho picturesque; but.you see the worst of it from this side.” At that moment the figure of a man was . peon emerging from some side entrance, and hurriedly making his way towards tho ruins,, in an opposite direction from that whence thov woro approaching. “Laurence !”—hurriedly calling out, as he eoeimd to take no hoed. 41 A friend to see Ho turned: seemed to hesitate a moment; en camo Blowly towards them. As he ow nearer, and recognised who tho visitor is, ho hastened his steps, hia whole face ightening. 44 Moredith!” he ejaculated, in iono of relief. “ Where have you sprung 3m 1 How are you, old fellow? Quite )11?” Allan Moredith grasped tho hand extended warashim, all tho more heartily, perhaps, cause it was the hand of Mibs Verschoyle’a other, as ho explained, 441 was at tho notion, and boing so near, thought I would ok you up.” “ Glad to see you, old follow. \uu know this is my sister ?" “Yes; MissVersohoylo was gcod enough, to fihowmo tho way.” She turned to leave them with tho words r 44 Dinner will bo ready in an hour, Lau *• AH right!'1 . Meredith had time now to notice that there was tho same expression of dread in tho brother's lace ho had Boon in the sipter’s, but with a difference. In hor face it was simply fear; in hit* it was this and something worse. Unlike his mater, looking straight at you in her troublo, hia eyes were either llowneast or avorted; shifting uneasily from ; one object to another. The whole man was i ohanged—it Beemed demoralized—sinco l Meredith had last seen him. His very figure had lost its elasticity, and become slouching * and cowering. „ 44 What have you boon doiug wlthyour Y self the lust three'years?” asked Meredith. 44 Oh, all sort3 of things; going to the had, i chiefly. Not much oppouutAly ler dowthat ,j or anything else hero, you may think,” noticing the direction which. tho other’s oy os 5f took. “No; I havo gone farther afield, f Spent two years in London; tried my hand r* at all sorts of things, and failed. I am a _1 failure all round.” ^ 44 Nonsense, man; if you tako that tone . you may bo.” n “There is no other tono to take, now, i moodily. 4 44 Givo up in that way. with your abilities, [ and the world beforu you J” 44 It seems easy enough to yon, I dare say. , It did to mo boforo I tried. There is no , need for you to put your theories to the test, or you might find that men occasionally 7 fail, even though they havo handa and brains 1 to work with. Somo havo to go down, and. , I’m one of thorn—that’s nil!” 1 44 That is not Mias Veraohoylo’a creed, X 3 think?” a “My sister! Sho has been telling you 2 about tho wretched teaching business, I BUp , pose? Sho, at any rate, is not cursed with. C tho family pride. I can’t endure to see her go about giving lessons to tho clodhoppers round hero. Does no end of drudgery about 3 the house, too.” [to be continued.] 