GENERAL NEWS UNCLAIMED LETTERS— Letters are lying at the Strathalbyn Post Office for the following persons: — Messrs. Allen and Jelle, W. Cate, Esq., Howard Gore, Esq. THEFHiaNDtiSociETiErf Picnic— AthleteB are reminded that nominations for principal events on the programmo of sports advertised Cot this picnic are due on 23rd of October, particulars being given in tuo advertisement elsewhere. -jHH.OBEKja ESter*a1nmest-— All children intending to take part ia the enter aiament Mr. Elliott is arranging are informed that practice (interrupted by the measles epidemic), will beresamed at tlie Institute, on Saturday afternoon next, at 4 p.m. sharp. A. fall attendance is particularly asked for. STEilaAtflrH Cbicke* Club —On Thar*, tlay night next— Show night — sa amateur ?entertainment, musical aod dramatic, ia to fee given in the Institute Ball in aid of the Cricket Club funds, a varied p: ©gramme laving been arranged, the pka de re*ulwice of which is a highly amusing farce, ' lieavo it to me.' We hope to Bee a large at:cn dance. Ktififl SaooMsa. — A second aeries of matches ia taking place between tins Fort tirie &nd; Mt. Barker Clubs, tbe first of which was fired on Saturday las', when the Southerners scored a victory over the Pirieans by three points, the scores ttiujr 707 and 704 respectively. The distances were 2i)0, SCO, and 600 yards. The matches were fit ed ou the cluba1 own ground. Am Old Maccusbpiei-b Resiuekt. — T .e death is annonnced at the age oi 63 years of Mr. Jonathan Hoflgkius, after a long aud painful illness. Mr. Hodgkins came to thu e ilony in 1851, and resided for many years bt Macclesfleld. He leaves four daughter?, all of whom are married, and ona son, the latter being well known in racing circea as a clever little jock. BrRTtfs AND DEA*a?.— Daring the month Ot Auguet the number of births registered in the colony was 988, tbe total for the year so far being 7,267. -.In 1892 the figures were 831. Deaths from all causea in the lame month numbered 380, the increase for the month of tbe population thus being. — For the month, 608, for the year, 4,465, thi total of deaths registered up to August 31st being 2,802. The BtBAtHAtsra Post Office. — Up to present time no offieial announcement has been made of the appointment of a successor to the late Mr. O'Bde.), as post and telegraph master at this office. Tbe death of the Deputy Postmaster-General of course involves all- round changes, and thie, therefore causes the delay in this matter, but meanwhile Mr. C- J. Shipway, who is temporarily in charge, is gifing every satisfaction t3 the pubii-, aud Btrathalbyn people are quite content to let matters continue under his care. StratjulBtn Baud or Hope. — The usual monthly entertainment nuder the auspice-; of this Society was given in the Strathaloyn Institute Hall on Friday evening las', Mr. Tnos. Stephens presiding over a large and appreciative audience. Ad excellent pro gramme bad been arranged, and this was gone through in capital style, many of tbe items being very heartily received. Perhaps the most thoroughly appreciated number on the list was the clever and graceful club-swinging given by Mr. Wright, his artistic handling of the clubs being much admired. At the close of his performance he waB applauded very loudly. The following is a copy of the full programme : —Overture, «' Sailoi'a Dream/1 Miss Mmnie Caliwell ,- reading, Bev. G. -J. Love ; selection, Becha bite band ; racitation, Miss Mary Oaliwell ; song, ' Gates of the West,' Miss Ada lve-= ; duet, 'To the Woods,' Mr. and Mrs. Stauton ; recitation, ' Come by train,' Mr. Jas. Pallant ; glee, children / recitation, Mr. Styles ; song, ' Won't yon buy my pretty fl-wers,' Miss Maggie M-ar; reci tation, ' Drink,' Mr. S&pway; ; selection, ' Tar-ra-ra-boom- de-ay,' Reeba' ite band ; glee, children ; song, ' Kobin Adauy1 Miss Mary Moar ; exhibition of club swinging-, Mr. Wright ; song, ' Faded coat of blue,' Mr. Styles. THEA.TEE Kotai,. — By far the greatest theatrical and- musical enterprise yet attemp ted in South Australia will be the bringing by Messrs. Williamso i and Musgrove of the Italian Opera Co'-npany and Ballet to Adel aide, the opening of this combination a; the Theatre Royal taking place onSaturdarn xt, ' October 21. There are ISO people inclu led In the Company, who carry with them nearly 12 tons dead weight of Beenery, po pertitrs, and wardrobes for the opera and ballet. The season here will be for ten nights only, during which time three operas will be presented, with the same caste, orchestra, and all accessories as in Mel bourne. The operas will be Masongni'j famons works 'Cavalleria, Kusticaun3 and ?L'amico Fritz,' and Leoncavallo's * Pagliacei/ Probably no three operas could be named that have created such a sensation as these, and it speaks very highly for tbe enterprise of Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove that they. have secured for Australia the produc tion of these great works so shortly after their original representations in I aly and London. It is barely eighteen m -nths siuce ? Pagliacei' was first performed at Milan, and not yet six months since its first London pro duction. Theoompan,- of artists selected to internet theae operas were chosen bv Mr. George Musgrove during an extended tour in Italy, entirely with regard to their suitability to play the works named and under the advice and with the assis'auca of the composers themselves. Every effort was made to form a perfect combination, and this object has been fully attained. The principal performers are Signorina Italia del Torre, bignonna Olga Mettler, Signorina Guilia Camerini, Signor Fiorella Girand, Signor Guglielmo Carnson, aud Signor Niccolo Guerrera, the oondootor and musical director. A.e if grand opera were not iu itself a euffi cent attraction tbe management of the new Italian Opera Company add a grand ballet, the like of which has never been dreamed ol in this country. The Bcene in which ' Tor quoisettb' is danced is one of Mr. . Gordo.-'u greatest successes. It is a palace in which every shade of blue is introduced with exquisite effect. _ Mr. Lovel Philips, who conductor tbe Gaiety Company, conducts the lively and plesant music of (ha ballet. Tbe cosiumeB worm by the successive processions of dancers who crowd tbe stage take every tint, from the palest turquoise to the deepest ultramarine, and are relieved by a number of ladies in pearly white, in golden amber, and ia tbe plesswt green of early springtime. Their dance and groupings are graceful and elegant, and two or three prettily f-ung choruses add to the charm of the production. Mademoiselle Catherine Birtho and Signorina cnricnetia uargo are both dancers of the famous school. They are said to be exceedingly graceful, agile, and accomplished, recalling (o the elders memories of Cerilo and Bosati, and to tbe newer generation the glories of the Grand Opera at Paris or the Empire Theatre, London. The ballet would in itself richly repay the audience for their attendance. The addition to so admirable a programme &% that afforded by tbe opera shows that Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove have resolved to omdo the liberality of Sis Augustus Harris, who gives his patrons for one jruinea only a half of tbe entertainment which our Australian Managers present for 7a. 6d. In addition to toes? a powerful chorus is intro duced, the whole forming a wonderfully effective touten emble. which once seen is not likely to be forgotten. The enormous expense attached to an enterprised of these dimensions can hardly be calculated by any one not thoroughly conversant with the details of theatrical management. Messrs. Williamson & MuBgrove 4o not expect anything more during tiie Australian tour than a succes destine, aud with crowded nouses throughout the whole season at each town it will be impossible for them to do more than cover their expenses, but they hope by the under taking to keep up their prestige. Accident a* MVnrerr Barkhs.-'-A narrow escape from what might have been a serious accident happened on Mon Jay last to Mr. W. Atkinson, who was driving a horse attached to a butcher's cart down Tannei's Hill when tbe backhand broke, causing the rnrso to swerve, the vehicle comiag into contact with tbe embankment andcapsizi ig. Mr Atkinson was thrown violently to the grouad, but fortunately escaped with only sundry bruises anl scratches, but tbe cart aud harness were considerably damaged. Fobage.— Tenders will be received at tbe Hailway ComuiissionerV office, Adelaide, till November 14 b, for the supply and delivery of forage for. the various Government departments (excepting tbe Police depart ment) for the year ending December 31st, 1894, tha placei named being :— Gjolwa, 4 tons chaffed bay, 96 bushels bran, and 27 bushels pollard j Victor liarbor, 5 tons chaffed hay, 59 bushels bran, and 18 bushels^) jllard; Happy Valley waterworks, 5,000 bushels bran ; Qaeenscliffe, 2 ton3 chaffed hay. Gazette Items.— The tender of Mr. W. N- Hedges has been accepted for works at the Bugle Ranges school. — -The lease of seccion 1-1, hundred of Koudoparinga, has boeu surrendered by G. D. Girwood and cancelled. ? The resignation of Mr. J. W. Dobbin as a justice of the peace is notified. — —Mr. Shipway has been appointed Acting District Registrar of Births, Daatbs, and Marriages for the district of Strathalbyn. — -The ttev. Sabel, Lutheran, has been enrolled as an officiating minister, with power to perform the cremony of marriage ? J, A. Dunn, late lieutenant V.M.R.F., is to be honjra:y lieutenant V.M.K. Force; Lieutenant J. 13. Hughes to be caplain iu S. 1. Militia Force, aid Sergeant Andrew Tait to be lieu enaut in S.A-. Militia Force; thd resignation of Majjr H. L. Williams as staff adjutant and quartermaster, Militia Infantrv, has been accepted, aud he has been placed on the non- effective retired list, with tbe honorary rank of lieutenant-colonei, with purmisdion to wear the uniform of his rank. ? -Impoundings — At the public pound, Murray Bridge, one bay mire, branded like O7Mj st8r on forehead ; will be sold on November 11, 1893, if not previously claimed. ? The Governor has cancelled this leases mentioned and described below : —Working Men's.— Sections 1031, 1032, hundred Noarlunga, Ash win, T. C. — Lessee deceased ; right of purchase. — Section 433.V, hu id red Lacepcde, Martin, J. It.— -Non -p»y incut runt. FlBEWO0I- FJR LoCOSIOTIVE PORPOSEE. ? Tenders wi.l be received at the Uailvray Commissioner)-,' Offiu , Adelaide, up till Tuesday, November 7tl-, for the sapply and delivery of firewood for locomotive purposes on the .South Australian railways, as under: — Southern System. — 75 tons at Straibalbyn ; 30 tons at Port Victor ; 200 tons at Murray Bridge ; 25 .tons at Tin tinara ; 150 tons at Serviccton ; 30 tons at Aldgate ; and 2J- tons at Bordertown. Tenders must ba upon thj proper- printed form, which, with a copy of tha quantities required at each statbn, can be obtained from the s^atioumasters, Aldgate, Mount Barker, Strathalbyn, Port Victo-, Murray Bridge, Bordei'town, Penola, 15 ranees, Narra coorte, Mount Gimbier, and Kingston. ? For traffic purposes tenders are also invited for the delivery of Gl tons at any station between Mile Eud and Balhannah inclusive ; 33 tons at any station between Mount Barker Junction and Coonalpyn inclusive j 12 tons at WoUeley ; 27 tous at any station between Mount fiarkar and Stratualbyn inclusive ; and 28 tons at any stati m between Gilberts Siding and Victor Harbour inclusive. Full particulars are given in the Gazette. Forage foe Police Depabtment. — Tenders will be received by the Railway Cjmmissionera (as a Supply aud Tender Board), till Tuesday, November 14ib, for the supply aud delivery of forage to the Pulici Department, the q-iantiiics required being as b^lovv for the places named : — Beaclip ,rt, 3 ions hay and 1 ton straw ; B.anchetown, 4 tous hay and 1 ton straw ; Dordertown, 6 tons hay and 1 ton straw ; Clarendon, 4 tons hay and 1 ton straw ; Echmg', 4 tons hay anil 1 ton straw ; Goolwa, 4 tons hay and 1 tou straw ; Gamer ache, 4 tons hay and I t m s'raw ; Uap.?y Valley, 4 tans hay and 1 ton straw ; MacDonnell IS.ty, 3 tons liay and 1 tou straw ; . Manuum, 4 tons hay and 1 ton straw; Meningir, 4 tras hay and 1 ton straw ; Milaug, 4 toad hay and 1 ton straw ; Morgan, 7 tous bay and 2 tons hay ; Mor phett Vale, 4 tans hay and 1 ton straw; Mount Barker, 7 tonB h ly and 2 tons straw ; Mount Gambier, 20 tous bay and 2 tons straw ; Mount .Pleasant, 4 tons hay and 1 ton straw; Murray Bridge, 4 tons hay a *d 1 ton straw ; Nairise, 4 (Oi:S hay and i ton straw ; Narrdcoorle, 8 tans hiy and 2 tons straw ; Normanvilk', 4 tons hay and 1 to.i straw ; Overland Comer, 5 tons hay ; fore Victo , 4 tons hay aud 1 ton straw ; Qieeus clifCe, 4 tons hay aa i a ton straw ; Ken mark, 4 tous hay and 1 tou straw ; Stirling We*', 4 tons hay aud 1 ton straw ; Stratbalbyu, 4 ton3 hay and 1 tou straw ; Wellington, 4 tons bay and 1 ton s:ravr / WiIIu iga, 4 tons bay and 1 ton straw ; Woodside, 4 to.is hay and 1 toa straw. Captain Otto. — Strathalbyn people are by no means liberal in their patronage ot travelling entertainment givers, unless the company has made a big name elsewhere. That they have been more than once ' sold ' may account for their unwillingness to attend public entertainments promised by outsiders, and coupled with this the fact that tbe illusionistic business, unless carried on in a large way has become just about played the reason why only a com paratively small audience assembled in the Instttpte H ill on Saturday evening last when Captain Otto made his first appearance here, it is cot impossible to discover. Not withstanding tbe paucity of bis audience, aod the natural depression he must have felr, the Professor of the Black Art went through a' programme of rather more than usual ;xcellence, his manipulations being exceed ingly neat, and his illusions clever. During the evening sever*! pieces of delicate and intricate mechanism were brought into use, a very pretty and effective trick being worked iu conjunction with a fairy star, and later on iu tUe evening a clever watch trick called another ingenions mechanical article into use. Capt. Otto was considerably handicapped by bis broken-English being made more than ordinarily undistuigutshable through the echo in the lialL Under more f jvorable circum stances we can understand bis claim to bi a first-rank performer. Mr. T. Smyth attempted to enliven the proceedings by reciting a couple of pieces, but his choice was uq happy, aud his delivery not of very high merit, and the laudable effort therefore failed somewhat. Beading w Bed. — The Globe begins an article with the words, 'Of course we are all agreed that reading in bed is pernicious,' My dear old Globe (comments Dr Gordon Stable), we are nothing of the sort. By the crimson hood of my ties. no. If mv opinion is worth a penny piece, then you shall have i', and, it use a somewhat common phase, 1 have the courage of my convictions. I am turned 60. I have read in -railway carriages, read on the sofa, and read in bed all my life ; I read myself to sleep, or nearly to sleep, every niijht. Yet my eyesight is splendid. 1 can read thi smallest type with out spectacles by thi light of the moon or a prisoner's dip. My constitution has not been shattered, and I assure yoa I have neve; been burned to death in bed. Wby Bhould you he burned to death iu bed, I wonder? What nonsense. Your canile is on a table by your bedside. If you do drop off, and the' candles does bnru itself out, what is the harm? . Ob, dear, oh, dear, what a lot of old wives there are in the world ! But the truth is, that unless a man is a navvy, a tiller of the soil, or toiler of the deep, and can drop «ff as coon as'his brad touches the pillow, it is good for his brain health to read in bed. If there is tbe ghost of a chance of his begin ning to think after lying down, tbe book or magazine must, at once be had recourse to. This keeps the mind on an even keel till the waves of sleep begin to waft the soul to dreamland. To think in bed is self-murder ; to read in bed is life. In this advice lie sense aud science combined.' : EOTJTHEEIf AORICOXTURAIr SOCIETT. — This Society's annual show is to be held at Port Elliot to-day. A great deal of interest has been taken in it throughout the disric', and if the weather holds up the attendance will bu very large. The entry lht gives promise that the show itself 'will ba of unu- nil excellency add the Secretary (Ur. C. W. Colmau) has hopes that it will turu out the best of the series. As usual he id leaving no stoue unturned in tba matter likely to benefit thj Society. A capital entertaintneut has been arranged for the evening, the Port Victor. Choral S^cieiy taking . promiueat parr. Tbe Weather. — Verily the present is a season of uncertainties. Wo get all the seasons jimmej inta one day, and feel no surprise ; a calm, still, cool morning precedes a hot north-windy noon, and such a no m leads to a cotd, wintry, and squally nigbl ! Siuce our last issue the weather has been exceedingly variable, but high winds— sim - times north, so-neliaies soatfo, and sometimes west— have pievailed, two or threa regular gales having been recorded. Heavy rains have fallen at intervals, the creeks and Watercourses showing how general the down falls have been. Damage h is baen done in mo.e thin one part of the district by tbe hiffh winds. SrRATHALBVN QoADKIGt-E CLUB. — The annuil btll giveu by the. members of -this club is to take place to^morro^f. night, riuyillM \ Strathalbyn Ins itu'te.' ' ''Close 'on 20' ''iu vita-' tfons have been issued, a very fair proj ittun of which have be accepted, aud as a great many guests will bo robtiil in fancy dress a gay scene will be preiented, Tiie music will be supplci by Coward aud L-indntro.n. Supper will be served in the class room, the stage and dressing rooms being fisted, up as coz/ little snuggeries. Mr. VV. S. XLjCal u n, the hon. secretary has general charge of the arrangements, and in bis cire they mij be saFeIy iefc. We hope the party will bj as thoroughly enjoyable aa it proinisoi to be. Mr. Ted Bryan. —Nearly every resident in Strathalbyn district will remember Mr. Ted Bryan, who with his father kept a brewery opposite the old foundry, and who afterwards took the Macclesfield brewery. Mr. Bryan then went to the North, where he spent some years prior to his removal to Sydney, where he has lived for over a decade. At the present time he is on a visit to Adelaide on business. For years he was a traveller, first for tbe Castlemaine Brewing Company in Sydney, and then for Allt & Co., brewers, but now he is a partner in a venture which is likely to yield him a fortune. With another gentleman he has secured the patent rights for the whole of Australia, of a new invention for making the best sodawater and such like drinks behind the bar while a customer waits. The right for working the patent in Queensland — irrespective of Bris- bane— has been sold for a large sum and Mr. Bryan is negotiating with an Adelaide firm for the purchase of the South Australian patent rights. He has just returned from Broken Hill and will leave for Sydney to morrow. Unfortunately time could not be spared or he would have visited Strathalbyn. Before Mr. Bryan left Allt & Co's the em ployes presented him with a beautiful gold sovereign case, and the Licensed Victuallers' Association and other travellers handed him an address, which was exquisitely illuminated. We regret to hear that Miss Bryan, who has been an invalid for many years, is still in the same condition. Mr. Bryan, who by the way, is a married man and has a family of five children, is in splendid health and has not altered at all. It is 11 years since he left South Australia, but he appears to be as young, and certainly is as jolly, as ever. We wish him all success in his new venture. The Late Mr. O'Brien. —Referring to fVkio nantlamin mhnea Aorltr rtofitli w.a VU-O guuv-vu«ituj . . ii uuav v«»^»j «v«*u »? *_ recorded in our last issue, the Petersburg paper says: — We regret to announce the death of Mr. M..J. O'Brien, post and tele graph' master, Struihalbyu, formerly of Petersburg. Mr. O'Brien by his general and kindly disposition endeared himself to all with whom be came in contact, and regret will in all quarters be expressel at his decease. Trough a compara ivciy young man, he had been in failing . health for sometime, and therefore his death does nit cime as a surprise. Mr. O'Brien paid. a brief yiait to Petersburg about a munth ago, when bis friends were shocked to notice the change in his appearance. General sympathy is expressed for Mr?. O'iiricn and family in their sad bireavemen*. Meadows News. —The Wesleyan Sunday, school anniversary took place last Sunday, when services were conducted by the Rev. T. Thomas, M. \\., to fair y large congregati »ns. A service of aoug by the children was held iu thd afternoon. On Monday tiie usual tea meeting took plane, bnt (he heavy rain and. thunderstorm prevented miny living at a distance attending. Tne total proceeds amounted to £15 Mr?. Solomon Went, worthy died last week at the ripe age of eighty-two. She was a highly respected resident of liuL'ts Creek for uearly forty years, and a large number of people attended the funeral. Heavy thunderstorms prevailed on bunday and Monday, aud tuo rain which fell will benefit the crops and gras*, the few hot days we had previously having dulled die green very much Steps are being taken to bold aa Industrial Exhibition amongst the children daring Easter week, and in viow of thd great success of the initial exhibition it is likely that Ihe affair will turn out a big success. Tuo young people are taking vory great interest in the project. Etrathalbsn Institdte. — A, special gene ral meeting of subscribers to this Institute was called for Tuesday evening to take part in the selection and election of three gover nors to tbe Public Library and Museam, aud transact other business of goueral interes . The night was an exceedingly rough and stormy one, but not to that alone must be attributed the fact that the necessarr tea subscribers forming tbe legal quorum did not put in appearance, for several .were iu tho reading-room, who evidently did not deem it worth their while to trouble to go upstairs, and consequently the meeting lapsed. We regret very much to hare to record this evi dence of the apathy of the subsciber?. The advertisement was so worded that any business could be brought forward and dealt with, and should any grievances havo re quired airing they could have *been treated, aud suggestions* for ensuring greater pros perity for the Institute considered. As it was— Strathalbyn- like. The reason why wheat thrives during bot weather is because it sends down a tap root to a depth of even 2 ft. whereby the moisture of the lower layers of soil is obtained. In contrast to this barley is shallow-rooted, aud during the past drought in England has Buffered severely. Euglish farmers would much like the brewers to be compelled to use home-grown barley and no malt substitute. 