%%biz% Column. NEWS LETTER FROM LONDON. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, February 17. The Queen, who is in the best of health and spirits, it entertaining at Osbome, Isle of Wight, her Majesty's eldest daughter, the Empress Frederick of Germany, and Prince and Princess Adolfe of Schaumburg-Lippe, the Empress Frederick's second daughter, who as Princess Victoria was betrothed first to hand some Prince Alexander of Battenburg, the dashing soldier who at one time was Prince of Bulgaria. It has always been supposed that the love was more on the side of B.R.H. than on that of the bold soldier, or I may write 'bold wooer,' for he was bnt a soldier of fortune, and she the daughter of one emperor and the sister of another. Prince Alexander could not, however, be called mercenary. There were difficulties in the way of the match. The reigning Emperor of Germany, brother of Princess Victoria, was strongly opposed to it, and threw'every possible difficulty in the way. The Prince's pride was roused by prolonged de lays, to whioh he saw no end, and ultimately he threw over ail pretension to the hand of the lady and the brilliant prospects the matoh opened up to him, towed an opera singer of very low origin, at the same time resigning as a consequence of the marriage the dignity of princedom, and now Prince Alexander is known as Count Hartenau. He and bis plebeian wife live in very simple fashion, for their means, compared even with the count's inferior rank, are extremely amah'; but the pair are said to be exceedingly happy together. Whether or no Count Hartenau will ever take advantage of the circumstance that his is a morganatic marriage, and that he is at any time free to marry in accordance with his rank, remains to*be seen. * Returning, however, to the deserted lady Princess Victoria, it is said she bitterly felt the secession of her lover, and she chose her present husband because in looks and manners he bore a striking resemblance to the lover he succeeded. Princess Victoria's husband is enormously rich, which is one advantage, and is said to be amiable. She is » bright charming young woman, ? and though sot at all good looking is a - great favorite, and the most popular of the four daughters ©f tbe late Emperor- and the Dowager EmpresB of Ger many. - The Empress until now has not visited the Isle of Wight since she was there with her Imperial husband in 1888, jubilee year ; necessarily therefore her present stay _ must be fraught with many painful memories. ? Better than expectation, her Majesty will hold two drawing-rooms this month, after which Bhe goes to Florence. Later drawing rooms will probably be held by Princess Christian. The Royal yacht Oaborne will embark the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke of York, and the Princesses Victoria and Maud of Wales next week for their tour in the Mediterranean. It is expected the yacht will land the party at Athens in order that they may visit their royal relations there, by which time it is expected the Empress Frederick will also have arrived at the capital, whither her Majesty is bound in order to be near her daughter, the Crown Princess of Greece, who is shortly expecting her accouchement. The air is more than ever astir with rumors of the expected engagement of H.R.TJ. the D uke of York. I will not speculate any more on the subject, but merely communicate what I consider three rather significant facts. Last Sunday the Prince of Wales and the Duke of York visited the Duke and Duchess of Teck at Richmond, and in the afternoon the Royal party, including Princess May and one of her brothers, walked in Richmond Park. The Duke of York later on went to Osborne to visit the Queen, and will stay until Monday. The Prince of Wales and the Princess May will eo to the Isle of Wight also, on a visit to the Queen, to stay until Tuesday. I leave my readers to draw their own deductions from these facia. The Duke of Maryborough's will has caused some surprise. He has left £20,000 to Lady Colin Campbell, the wording of the document being ' In proof of my regard and esteem.' It will not be forgotten that when Lord Colin Campbell brought his divorce suit the deceased duke was one of the co-respondents. Lord Randolph Churchill benefits by the sum of £5,000, the amount of the legacy left by his elder brother. There are a few other and smaller legacies to servants and dependents, and a bequest to his sop the present duke, which is subject to various restrictions, and all the benefits thereof may be forfeited if he infringes the said restrictions. The laws of heredity preserve to the heir the property that goe3 with the title, buo everything else the duke leaves to his second wife. Lady Blandford and her daughters do not benefit in any way by the wilL It will be remembered that she divorced her husband before he became Dake of Marlborougb, and that there were three children by the marriage, the present duke being one of them. Report says that the Queen will allow Lady Blandford to assume the title of Duchtss of Marlborougb, in which case there will be no fewer than three nobla ladies bearing that proud title. Lily, the widowed duchess, eecms to be a woman superior to some of the worst foibles of her sex. It was thought that when the heir took possession of Blen heim Palace, and naturally wished for tbe presence of his own mother, Lady Blandford, Duchess Lily would take up her abode ia Paris or some place distant from her late palatial home, on the renovation of which so much of her money has been spent. Superior to the jealousy that would have reigae-1 in a meaner spirit the duchess has retired to the Dower House, which is not far from the palace, and is said to be on friendly terms with her late husband's heir and his mother, who as chatelaine of Blenheim Palace has taken the place of the widow. With such qealitie3 it is no wonder that Duchess Lily is such a favorite with her mother-in-law, and indeed with most people with whom she is brought into contact. The sound of wedding bells has been very much in our ears of late. The marriage of the Earl of Dalkeith, heir to the Duke of Bucdeucb, with a daughter of the Earl of Bradford, was an important) function ; so too that of Lord Lurgan wich Lady Emily Cado gau. The Earl of Cadogan is one of the richest noblemen in England. Tben came the wedding of the well- known beauty and wit), Miss Edith Lane- Fox. The will of the late SVed Leslie— who as a member of the 'Comedy' Company and in connection with that queen of burlesque female actresses, Miss Nellie Farren, visited Australia Eomeyearsago — has just been proved. The per sonality is sworn as over £16,000. Mr. Hub* son — for that was the actor's real name — was one of. four brothers, two of whom are military outfitters. Besides several legacies left to his executors ana other friends and relatives Mr. Hobson bequeathed tbe Eum of £2,000 to Mrs. Ellen Soutar, otherwise Miss Nellie Farren. This lady, though suffering still from the violent attack of rheumatism thathasprostratedhersolonganc] at one time threatened her life, at once took up her place by . her colleague's bedside, and never left it during that short sharp agony that terminated tbe career of this inimitable actor at) the early age of 38. Mr. Hobson left several children, the residue of his property being equally divided among them. He had been a widower for some years. The fancy dress balls given at Coven* Garden under the auspices of Sir Augustus Harris are very aptly described as ' London carnivals.' There have been two at an interval of a week or ten days, and I need hardly say they have been most success ful. The baronet's capacity for making things 'go' is well known. Among the most amus ing and striking 'get ups' was a 'snow man.' Another was that of a ' Chinese god ' on his pedestal, his hands representing the idol's feet, bis legs surrounded by a represen tation of the pedestal. Three ladies were dressed in blue and black, to the general mystification of male admirers. A Zulu armed to the teeth was well got up. The electric light was utilised as a button hole by one sportive gentleman. And four gentlemen in evening dress made conces sion to tbe Spirit of the Masque by wearing scarlet fronts to their shirts, with very curious effect. Of course it is a very mixed set who take part in these rev* la. The elite of society look on from the boxes of the theatre, and a very amusing and enjoyable sight it is. When alluding to the marriage of Lord Lurgan and Lady Emily Cadogan I omitted to mention that one of the bride's gifts to tbe bridegroom was a gold cigprette-ease and light box. These were engraved with Lord Lurgan's pet name 'Billy' in fac-simile of the bride's own writing. Great excitement prevailed at Westminster on Tuesday morning when it was found that Mr. Gladstone's papers were missing from the House of Commons. They were of more than usual importance, a great State secret being included in them. After a long search the missing property was found in Mr. Gladstone's private room, where it had been put aside in what was supposed to bean empty dispatch box. Her sons and daughters all married, the Empress Frederick on her return from Athens will take up her residence at Orenburg, on the Faunus Hills, where the new house she has built is furnished and ready for occupation. Every ancient family has its ghost, and most families, Royal and other, have their unlucky months. November has been exceptionally and singularly unlucky to the English Royal Family. January is the traditionally unlucky month of .the Belgian Royal Family, and to avoid all chance of disaster the Court ball was fixed for the 1st inet. It was hoped all chance of misfortune was over, but on the Countees of Flanders returning home before midnight she discovered a mahogany casket in her bedroom had been broken open and the whole of her jewels stolen. The list of missing valuables would fill the columns of a newspaper. Several miniatures set in diamonds are among the lost property, tbe value of which is estimated at over £25,000. Fortunately the countess was wearing the magnificent diadem necklace and earrings she bad worn at the Royal marriage at Sigmaringen. I am somewhat of a fatalist myself, and have invariably found the last months of the year productive of some especial grief, aud this not tj the exclusion of sorrow at other seasons by any means. It has only just been made public that H R.H. the Prince of Wales has not gone yachting with the Princes3 and her daughters. His Royal Highness's destination is Eaid to be Baden Baden, where the Duke of Cambridge has also gone. The coffin of the late Duke of Clarencp re mains where it was deposited after the tedious funeral rites were ended, that is between the empty sarcophagus erected to the memory of the late Prince Consort and the other which contains the remains of the late Duke of Albany, who has now been dead nine years. I bear that the sculptor entrusted with the work of covering with marble the Duke of Clarence's coffin has completed part of the work, and it is hoped ere long his task will be completed. There is something decidedly uncanny in this keeping the body eo long above ground — terribly painful must be the eight of that gorgeous coffin to loving rela tives, for imagination will picture what changes have passed on that loved form that lies in visible, yet within an inch or so of the hand that lightly rests upon the casket. In Spain, I hear the royal dead, at least the dead sove reigns, are never eommitted to the grave until they have been petrified. This process .takes years to accomplish, and King Alphonso, who departed this life more than six years past, is still unburied. The body is placed on a slab under a dripping well, the wafers of which pro duce petrifaction, but the process is a very slow one. Apropos to Royal marriages, I hear that tbe Princesses Victoria and Maud of Wales, as ateo their couBin, Princess Victoria of Sohles wig-Holstein, have intimated that they will not marry foreigners, and the three sons of the Duke and Duchess of Teck and the sons of Prince and Princess Christian have been named as suitable matches. As Princess Victoria is sister to two of the princesreferred to her choice is more limited than that of her cousins, the Princesses of Wales. The Duke and Duchesa of Fife (Princess Louise) and little Lady Alexandra Doff are living very quietly at their boose in Portoan gquare. NEW 'ALPINE' HAT. 