' — 9 ECnOES FROM PALL MALL . FnOH A CORRKHPONDENT. LONDON, 20111 JANUART. It is ourious how tho story of tho sea serpent differs from that of othor animals of fabulous or. doubtful oxistcnoe. It has no length of gonoalogy to recommend it liko tho phoenix or the griffin. Thoro is no ono oven to assert for cortain that it over has existed of old. In so sorious and eciontiflo a work as the Bridgcwalcr Treatise thoro Is an account of tho dragon writton by ono who boliovod In dragons, at all ovonts, in "dragons of tho prime." But thero is no account in anoient natural histories of tho sea aorpeut. Thero i.t no sea cow now. In the fairuHt timo In Juno , You may go by nun or moon, With tho seven stars to light you, Or tho polar ray to light you ; But you never. may hoholil That moustur, tho soa cow of old. It has disappeared even from Knmsohntka, yob it was once tho favorito food of tho fur huntors. But tho soa eorpent was novor anybody's favorito food ; novor oven inado, liko tho oongcr eel, mook turtle soup. It is in that absolutely unpnrallollcd position of a modern myth, which has boon fabled to exist only for tho last hundred yoars. Undor these circumstances its position is highly croditable, quito equal to that of ghosts, bolief in whioh is ns old as the dead and very similar to it. For though dlsorudltcd by men of science, it is believed in by many intelligent peraons, and has a largo amount of oiroumstautial cvidenco in its favor. What is vory ourious, it is raroly spoken of cxcupt in tho singular, so that tho sea sorpent must ho as long lived as it is long and, from occasional testimony recoivcd during the autumn months, it would oven appear to bo still growing. tho othor day in London advised persons who wished to livo "a hundred years and upwards" to be very careful of themselves. The addition of "nnd upwards" was a pretty touch in tho mouth of a patriarch just beginning his seoond "hp;" but whora ho erred was in failing to in sist upon tho positive advantages of his position. Ho was a teetotaller, a non-smoker and a vege tarian, yet his speech was dirootod against drinking, smoking and fiosh eating, of nono of whioh ho had had any oxporionoe. He in formed us that ninc-tcntha of tho oases of oanoor in tho mouth woro caused by tobacco. A physician has writton to say that the centenarian is in error upon this point, and also that cancer is not engendered by tomatoes. Porhaps it is owing to tho malico of tbe fiosh oatcrs that thiB harmless vegetable la thus denounced, but the writor describes tho pre judice against it as being " almost universal." The difference between the wonderful powers attributed to herbs and simples of old, and at prosont, Is that in former days thoy were thought to bo curative, whereas now thoy are held to be deadly; but the reoommeudations and the warnings both then and now are alike (feliverod by old womon. Sinoe the above was writton a country gentle man writes to say that thero are two persons abovo 100 years old in his parish, " nolther of whom has ever passed a day in his long life without using the poisonous nicotine and the health destroying alcohol." He confirms this of his personal knowledge, " as he has known the men for 50 years." But how about the other 50? If these two centenarians smoked and drank strong liquors every day of their lives, they must havo dono it their first year, in which mo3t of us aro confined to a milk diet Tbo oountry gentleman, in his desire to beat the advooatos of total abitinenco, shows, like them, an cxcoss of zeal. At last a flowor pot lias been blown off a win dow ledgo and split a gentleman's skull. It has been a very long timo about it. Everyone who is acquainted with tho poorer streets of tho metropolis has seen hundreds of those orna ments balanced on Bloping ledges, and only re strained from falling by thin pieces of string. Dibden puts it into tho mouth of his sailor to maintain that there is less d&ngor; in a storm at sea than ashore, "whore tho chimney pots are flying," but the far more real and constant peril lies in tho flower potB. Almost as many mistakes arise from miapro- nuuoiation as from carelessness. During an action of nuisance and trespass brought by ono noighbor against another, a witness was put into tho box who mado a great sensation. "Miss lies," ho said, "was thrown over tbo wall not once but half a dozen times." "Stop, stop," Baid tho judgo ; " why, wo know nothing of this. I Who was Miss lies, and why did they throw her over tbo wall so repeatedly ?" And after all it was only tho witness's peculiar method of pro nouncing " missiles." In a very oharming broaoh of promise case the other day thero is a sentence from the gentle man's love letters, read in court, which has at least novelty to recommend it. "Tftko care of yoursoif, my dear, and in the ovont of anybody trying to kiss you, think of me." This is a de- liveranoo open to doubt. Did be mean that the rcmombrauce of him was to sot hor against her admirer and forbid his advances? Or was it a recommendation to enjoy horself in tho manner suggested by the poet in connection with kisses : Ami sweet as those by hopeless fancy feigned On lips that are for others. Was she to kisB the man, that is, and imagine it wns himself she was kisRing ? If bo, ho was a most unsclflfih loror, and ono regrets that he got cast in damages. A very remarkable person bas reoentiy come under tho notice of the French faculty, though unnoppiiy (aiucc ic provonts mm uetaumg ms experiences) after death. A post mortem exami nation of an old gentleman of 83 revealed tho fact that his heart, brain and other organs wore all on the wrong side, or at all events on tho Bide where nobody olse has them. If lie had but been a centenarian no doubt we should find pooplo to contend that this ia the proper way to carry one's organs in order to live a hundred years ; but the system is, unfortunately, boyond one's own control. It does not appear that this gentleman was aware of his peculiar formation. He probably atruok what he imagined to he his heart, but was nothing of the kind, porhaps even tbo spleen, when he made love ; and, on the other hand, when he thought his liver to be all wrong, it was a c&rdiacal; affection. In one way and another he must have puzzled his medical attendants very much, and when submitted to their stethoscopes, he must have given quito a new reading to the prescription audi alteram partem Even his fiiouds must have thought him an enigma, since when ho seemed to be "laughing on the wrong side of his mouth " it is probable lie was most oujoying himsolf. Though nobody could say of him, &a; of a person lacking in courage, that his " heart was in his mouth," it was certainly not in tho right place. I may add that unusual as is tho case in question it is not unparalleled ; in deed, within the last twelvemonth a living patient in one of the London hospitals prosented the same peculiarities. 