CHAPTER Vil. TIHf VOICO OF THII DEAD. "But if you look into it, the balance is perfectly adjusted even hbore. God his uade His world much better than you and t could make it. Everything reaps its own harvest, every noact has its own reward. And before you covet the enjoyryoet'whieh another possesses you must first btlbullito the coat at which it was procured." -FREDERICK aW. ROBERTSON. Reuben Penwithon followed the-dog as rapidly as he was able,'and'ere long saw that the intelligent animal had come close to the youth, and that they now stood facing each other. " At him, Shop 1" said Reuben ; but al though the dog crouched and growled, he did not obey, " At him, old man i"' he repeated; and still the dog refused to attack the young fellow,-who stood waiting for him. "He wasn't," said Ishmael; "ho'E feared." "What arC you, doing heroe young fol. low P" asked Reuben angrily; " and what do you mean by looking in at my window ?"' Nothiu'," replied Ishmuael, still- kboping his eyes on the dog But you were; what do you mean by SNothin'," repeated Ishmael; "call oil your dog.' Somehow he did not at all feel right nod at Reaben now he stood face to face with him. "I'll (do nthing of the sort," replied Reuben. "I'll have you taken before'the nsgist.rtos, and then soen out of the aeighbourhood, You are hero for no good soung fellow, I was foolish to got you a ob ; but if you don't leave this part of the loun'ry at once it shall be worse for you- you blaspheming young infidel I" Ishmaci realised the weakness of this bhreat. First, the mngistrates were to end him out of the neighbourhood, ar-dl hen, if he didn't leave the neighbour Good at 'once, it"should be the worse lot lim. " I shall not leave the neighbourhold,' replied Ishmael. " I've done nothin wrong." " Who ar you P" said Reuben, Thlt mysterious lad made lbim uncomfortable, and he asked the question almost withou: thinking. " You knew my name-Ishmacl Pen golly. I've no friends, but I've my hvmn to git, ineld have as much right to glt it as you have." The reply contained a note of sullen defianoe, and Reuben did notlike being defied. For years he'd been one of the most important men in the neighbou, hood, and to be bearded by this great hulking fellow angered him, Hie -woe. I rod whether a shout would reach the 3ars of the ueon servants in the kitoheon. ta was afraid not. Bunt he must punish lshmseol somnehow, and make him afraid if poeaiblo He wondered if he dared tothackle him After all he was only a lad-although is was so big. Meanwhile-the dog had been -brouchine. catching Ishmael's ovenry movement, and as soon as his attention was slightly livertd from him prepared to leap "That's it, Shep I At him l" urged Reu ben, "at him!" he repeated in an angry voico; and the dog with a- savagegrowl )beyed his master's voice. TLo animal Yas by no means a lady's pot. H df a ih pherd's dog, and half a mastiff, he was t formidable opponent, especially when s'oused, and urged on by his master. "Alh I that's got you, you blackguard I" ried Esuben. as he saw the dog leap upon Ishmael, with his mouth towards the routh's throat; "we'll soon see about it low." But his triumph was short-lived. Ish nael, tall and large boned, posso'sed great trength, and although lioking the powets >f endurance which he would posoeos in ater years, he was for a brief time far more han a match for an ordinary man, Un' uindful of the sharpness of the dog ? ;eth, he oaught him by the throat with lie right hand,and by the back part of his Body with his left; then lifting him high n the air he dashed him to the ground •ith a terrible force, The dog gave a treat yelp of pain as he fell, than pioking limself up as soon as he was able, crept way with a pitiful whine. "You- shall suffer for this, you shall I" tried Ishmael to Reuben, cleounching hi )leading hand. He was going to say some lhng more, but checked himself then urning on his heel, he made his way back owards Carloggas. "My turn'll come sometime," he mut :ored "it'll come, I don't too how, yet, cut it'll surely come, I'm glad I didn't say nothin', though." All through the night lihe lay awake planning, vowing vengeance, and then planning again, unit the morning sun shono in upon his souty bed. Nick Lildi soae lay snoring at his side, but- he did not heed Although every one in the house was asleep, he got up, and made his way towards the sea, and, arrived there, he divested himself of his clothes audplungnod into six fathoms of water. Hie had learnt the accoomplishment of swimming that summer, partly because he eunjoyed it, ind moro becaveo he thought it mlght be useful to him some day, And some how the wholesomeness oE the great sea made his mind more h'althy, for ash he walked back to arloggas after his bath, he brooded loss, and watched the pearly dew drops as they hung on corn- and gras', wondering at their brightnoei as they glhstened in the sun. As for ReubJe, he crept back to the house wilth:a heavyweilght or his henrt, To him this was more than an ordinary epihode. The previous winter two navvl~es had come to Ponwithen and stolen some chlokens, but this he had thought hbut little about, They weore ordinary roughs; but this youth-there was a wild, evil lookeupn his face that he did not like, The fellow seemed to carry a lot of dark secrets around with him. He had the lamp lit and placed on tihe table, and the blinds careftully drawn, so as to hide everythling from the outside, and then, not sathifled, he closed the shutters. I'his done, he locked the door and sat down in his armchair, and remained for a long timr with his chia resting on his chest and his eaes nlosed "No, no," hie said at length, " it can't bp anythlng to do with that. It's only I who sm afraid, I'm always troubling absout it, always troubling myself without reason, And yiktbhIt fallowmnakes me think of her. , -'Nintoen -years, nineteen yoears - and naovera -word, never a word to tell me if she lives. Ay and it's been nineteen years of sasptae idnd fear, Afterall, I was happier at Carlogges-ia the old days. I believa 1 loved her, too, in a different way faom Ahiolia, but I loved her in a fearsome kinw of way,' And sbhe loved me at one time, fbhe osold have given her lifo for me-and I de. ceivet her, robbed her, The y'ame wasn 'worth the candle, after all, And yet I dot know, I do love the old place, I love to money it brings, and I'm proud of my pno tion," Then he : sat" a ýlong' timen. motto loess; so still was he that one mig have supposed him dead. But aroused again presently, and went oil muttering to himself. " I'm a fool to bother so. Everything it safe, as safe as can be. Judith must bi 'd?av~eing ere this. I shall 'ever-se chae eyinn,and:lhave the will." t "aHe started from the ohalir)sh'dltiokg'1 towards the safe. " Why am I always wanting to see it, always wanting to read it P" he muttered. 1"I hate the sight of it, and yet it fascinates me. I often dream that I sos old Michael writing it, and holding up his head between the words forbidding me to claim' the land. It is a wondes how. the thought sticks to me through the years, and haunts me like a nightmare. I wish I'd nover seen it; but there, I must go and have one more look at it." He walked aoross the room, and then stopped suddenly, " I've forgotten all about that follow," he muttered, "I came in hero vowing vengeance on him, and I've scarcely given him a thought, Everything seems t? contre on this-this I" He uu'ooked theo'safe, and'their"looked anxiously around the room. "I believe I'd confess everything but for them," he went on,' "I-wouldn't mind for myself.' Btter'to be poor itbyt'boilg poor I could be rid of this feeling. I could go.-?away, and never be heard of again. But I cannot leave them poor. Poor Baertie is nearly a cripple, while Grace-no, I'll hold fast-but there, what a f.ol I am !" e ,e oplienedl tht door of thoe: afe,, and loosed keenly at each compartment, Then he took a book from it, which was fastened and looked. This he unlooked, and looked carefully at its contents. Then he turned to the thick cover, and quickly found a pocket or compartment, vidently eon triv,ad for important .do~mumouts. Frost this he extracted a piace of parchment. " I couldn't keep it in the oaeh-bor," he sitid; " I might-'have' 'to ' run- to it hur riedly, and leave it carelossly sometime; 'andyet, I don't like.' to keeop ithero." . "ie spread it out on the table. "The last:ivill'and testament of tNihael Penrose." Thoun he unfolded it, 'and for the thousandth timerecad its o:ntents, "! shall never feel safe until I see 'it burnt wi h my own eyes," ho'said; "and then I should be countantly' fosring it would be r,: are, oted in some way," , IFu"I wilt burn it," hoe continued, after a while. " It makes my life a hll; its eiistones warns met'that my children msay be paupers There, I'll d) it " IH lit a ':ndlel Anl tooktthe wiUl hold iug it ?closa to the toadyflaamo,'thoen ~o dr?i it back'quickly. ct What's that ?" h ordld." ";?Suiely I heard a ss atch at the:wietdoiv-paua: oisele ibwav sotuithiug at the safe I" .I, hetoplicld and lttno?'di " s an itatltsi.d6r norn: but all was silisnt-oaeasllodt i death. a". it, it's only my' foolish iare'aftert all, ~only, my foolish' ,far'd." He held the. petohmnst lagainst thl:flamo!:again, and agisin he drew it back. lJe heard a loud tickinpe;'lbuudr than the souni of a :watch,\ vr,'".titdar to him: "'Tick, tio .., ticke?tick',:tick,"! At first it saeemed on thb.'-libtmartable, then on the ni 'ntolplces,' thbe oh:thb Wafe. SHie hand trembo'ed" 'so that-he couldi saeoselvA hld the will, while the perspiration' stood thick on his forehead. " Tick; tick, tick, ticks, tiok,' he heard;, on and on the -sound-went, then suddenly ceased. Heiowlpodi hisftrehead r':d:lboal'ed fearfully around the room, The lamp burnt clearly, the shutters were closed; ncothing was to be seen. "It's the death watch I" he dried at length. "Nay, I'm not so fod'ish as 't be frightened by that. An insect signalling for its mate, that's-all. iIt might ' -sare a superatitiouAsold'wbman, but Reuben Pen withen knows shbnit these things," And yet the s-und had wrought upon his excited nerves, for there was a strain of superstition in his nature, Old' Leali had told him stories 'long years ago stories of omone;and tokens, and death's Iead moths; tales of ghosts and apparitions. and to-night he did not feel like laughing 't them Still, he held old Michael's will to the asndle fltia ones1 more, and once more hi, stopped. Thelines of some doggerel which ..,-u sad taught him as a boy came back to his mind with great vividness. He had nelieved in them in the old days, but of late years he had discarded all such things as foolishness. After all, Leah was an old woman, who as a child had been nurtured on stories of ghosts and goblins, and h', had ceased to pay heed to what she said. Still he could not help repeating the doggerel to himself ; " Strike a dead man's face, By a dead man you'll be haunted i Steal a ddad 'itan's ring, And' by dead moaoyou'l'lbe daunted i rosse a dead man's will, You can:searce do worse e Purn a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's ourse,' He throw the will on the floor as though it were a soerpent, and then, as if angty with himself, picked it up again, "Oh, I ama weak, poor fool I" he orled ( "and after nineteen years, too. For 'tie nineteen years since I stolo this will from Judith, and I've never had a happy deiy since. Again and again I've tried go distroy it, and I've always failed, But I will do it. It's the only link of the past: It a the only possible way by whloh the truth can be-known." Wiehl a trembling hand he lifted tho parchment to the candle.flame againm, but he could not keep it there. The lines old Laenh had taught him were Tinging in his ears, and every word seemed to make him fooeel old Michael's presence: "Cross a dead man's will, You can soarce do worse iurn a deand man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse." Hel know' it meant nothing, Hs know there were scores of similar verses repeated np and down the country, and that they were as meaninglecs as empty' air. Never· tholesi he could not carryhis purpose into effect, He placed the will back in the receptacle which had been: cunningly con trived In the-thiock cover of the book ; this ha placed baok-in the safe, which he care. fully looked. "At any rate, it wiU be all right there until I cats think of a better hiding.place," he muttered I then, with a heavy sigh, he went to his bedroom, stopping two or threeo times onhis way;and looking round with Ieaiful glances. i The next' morning he twaa up in gdocL time, andeshortly after breakfast he ordered his horse to be saddled, which he im. mediately' mounted -and -rode' towafda Carloggas. SWell, John," he 'said, as he saw his brother.in-law come out of his new barn, " Oarloggas looks different from whal) it, did in the old days." "It had need, too, Reouben," replied BasRftt. "Your corn looks well, You makle it d, don't you " "Since you let me have those four good dairy fieolds, I can make it do, and pay aIny rent. You know that." "But I let - you have it oheap; and thuis new barn means a-year's rent knocked off," "Oh, I don't complain, You ae vbry kind to me." "I remember Amelia," he- said, with a sigh. "!Jhere isa talk of yournmarriain' agait," said Bassoet,unoasily, " Miss JTCedintlki: of Endollion." "Then- the:talk is lies," said Reubeon, I shall never marry again." He looked gloomy a, he made this reply. Then, de if anxious to change the subjeoot, he said: " You'll be wanting more hands now the' harvest is coming onswon't you n" "That.I shall/' replied the fmnJor P especially since that great black-eyed 'chap you sent over here last November is 'gone.," "Is he gone?" asked Reuben eagerly. *' Whero P " "Gone to Tintagol." "Why did you send him away P Didn't the behave himself P What did hoe do 'wrong, oh P " " I didn't send 'uo away; he wont of his own freo will. I'd no fault to find wi' un, lHe served me woll--did a man's work for a boy's wage. I offered 'un more tao'tay,, but he wouldn't." Reouben' was disappointed. He'hoped that he had done something wrong, and ad been discoharged. 'Twould have been Sa easy matter then to have got him out bf the neighbourhood. 1 " Where is he gone P " he said at lengths "that is, to whoes place P " " IO 'lTommy rote;howy's. Ho's going te earn carpenterin' and buildin'." . Reuben stayed at Carloggas a very little while longer after this, but galloped his horse up the lane 'which'led to the' sea-' In a few minutes ho reached the summit of the hill, and was soon in sight of the great Atlantio, He dismounted and sta down on the grass, while ti discontented look rIated on his face. "I can do nothing through John," he said to himself, "nothing at all. C'an anything be done with Tommy Trathawy I He depends on me for a good deal of work, and would not like to offend me, Bat what can I say if I go to him, aind why should I soy anything f" He looked out on the wide s.ea, and its immensity gave him a sense 6f' freedom and strength ; he turned and looked on the broad a::res arounds him, most of which were snup posed to be his, and sheno gave him a sense of oscurity and comfort, "Alter ail," he said, "I know notbhlg against the fellow, A strange, hulking youth, no doubt, but that is all.' It's my own con soienco that has made- me fool so bitter to. wards him; he always reminds me of-but never mind, Why should I go and Bseek to ruin his pro-peots when the gain is so douibt. full Of course, if I thought that any good would come of driving him- from thocountry I would do it, no matter what the conse quences were, but I don't see the good of For I long time he calculated and con ideredthe probable- issues, and finally con. clulfei to lot him stay. If Ishmael were his enemy. as he had a vagiie idea" that he was, -It'miCht not'batlthewiist" thing.to drive him but of tight." Indeed; it might 'ba' bettes if he kopbt iimnwithinu?ight. If he weroonly a 'urly, diark.minded youth -well; the?;'he Rluben Penwithloun:-had nothing to bother about. dtill, he would watch, and that closely, so closely' that nothlng; lwowever small, ahould e?cap?.his notice. So far his mind was settled ; ibut he was not quite free from the influence of the night before. That will still troubled him, as it had done over sines old liargery had died Presently he nave a start and looked , up. It was only Nick Liddleoat, one, of hi? brother.in-law's ervants; and before Nick came no Reubena ha'.oneeiied a plan. "Nick," he said; 'siakeomy horse back to Carloggas stables. I'll call for him an about an hour." "Ins, our," replied Nick, who led the anit: meal away until he had'got out of Reuben's eight, then he jumped onhis 'bak, " jetb to zee of he cad In ride a gentleman's hoss." As for Reuber, lie hurried 'down the cliffl,: and' presently clime to the shady beach, ' e. hurried along a little way until he came to! the cave into which he had gone nineteen years before, He had' the will with him then,' and he waswawndedrog what bhe should do withl it- To'day hciwelatlli, undecided. IIpaentereodi the cave, .Itstnoloutbh stood behind* great rooks, and was'itheti'lsddodoni from view, He had discovered i' when a boy. Ho boliveod:2hen, as he believed' now, that no one ,kssw of it but himself. The floor was co''oted :wlith hard dry sand: The seaudtver ent??ltc3encept atr?'tgh tides; while'tho watOso'hvoareaceled the extreme -nd of it. IIH lit a;matohtid lookea around, He examincathe rlofs and'tides, feeling along carefully' with' his 'h`nds, ':Presently his hand welrt into hole 1s' the eido of the cavo; How the hie,l hiat':been"ao-adi:-he did not know; but he kteo'-hat suaohlhol©s in caves were common, Yes, he could just touch the end. fHow quiet it was in there I Outside the waves surgoe i nd uoaned,-bdt there all wa# diffdtent. The neartst honso was half amilt away, and the care was unknown. Hie eat down on astone and remained thorb thinking f r an houc or more. His mind se?mod -made up, and -he came outside and looked around. No one was.near, no one sew, Then he went back to Carloggas with a look of confidence on his face. That day ilhmoel started to work at Tommy Trothewy's, and he, in spite of his interest in his work, mode many plans about the future, not knowing what- Rouben Peawithen had determined upon, (To be cEotiued.) i 