[COPY RIGHT.] MAORILAND HO ! Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. Weird and Entrancing Romance. CHAPTER VII.-CONTINUED. BY ATHA WESTBURY. '• My aonu-H are nnytliin:; but senti mental," says he, apologetically, and at ill-.- kiii'io time thrununitig a lively mr. "(tii, I should like topo Where thu goMeii apples grow ; Where, below anolher sky Parrot islands anchored lie. Whvro iv Bunshiiio renching out, E:uitcrn citie3 miles about. Are, with inosnuo and minaret. Among glorious gardens set. Dli. I should like to ride Thn.u' tho Simoon fiery tide ; Where tho apea and cocoa-nuts, And the ne^ro hunter's hula ; Where the knotty crocodile Lits and blinks in the Nile ; Where in jungles near iiudfar, Muti-dcvouring tigers are." \pplause hnd laughter, toijothcr with ra-uiv re-rets that the eallant sin.ser can ,,,',t have his wish (as set forth in his aonc) Wiuti the noise lifts subsided tho b01 ,!.,r asks Miss Wclduii to sing. Crac- looka shjl> towards the spot when' F<-ntim Howe and his friend aro sMti-il an.! moves quietly to the piano. •■ Ini afraid I chall biire you with my ifiitiineiit. Jtr West." ■■ N,.i :it all," be says, l.in«hin<j. I Jr.ce ««lecti her s-m^, and sings it well in her rich mesto- sopranu. •■ When tho flowers are all dyiiiß, And the south wind sweet and low, Iv'innd their graves a dirge is sighing, Will it not be Rweet to know That, while autumn clouds are lootnini;, \nd iho summer charms depart, Thi-n- ir.- brighter lloweis blooming In !!:•■ -arden of the heart." •• When the hreakh of eveniiiE; lingers* \nd tin- sun's ray- softly Meal T!ir"ii'-li i!>e vine with rosy riiiger', W ; ll it ii"tb.' joy to feel Tli.i:, »lii!e »■«• in wakeful dreaming Mark the -olden moments roil, Tii.ri> < .1 liri-litermoriiiti; beamint; Throii-h the twilight oi thu soul." N-'i a breath of noisy applause fol 1n..! the girl's s»ni;. Thu charm va* i,.,i f tr..n_- upon iirr listvnen for that. \\.nid the sili'tu-u Madam Elsie came for unrd i.. the rvsem.. ol her ncice. With a ► .ft touch ii|mn :hi- instrument, sho sans a r..-ivne Ky one of New Z-aland's famous mv- ttriicrs, — " Star "ny star h.-.s al.iwly faded over h.-ad, The tlashm- li'Jit-inarked bars of -<.|,l nuii u-<l A nioiiHMiilin»er. Tin- fair youn- day Waki^ ,j'i-r the Hilled rangta. Far Ei- lioi-s the Liu^hter of the jay. A nt-inl, but l.vely hour. Thetf'.owu.g t trows sniliir tlmi my thought. The d.r.vn Kor tireann mid castlu-buihiing in the air. With fur and roseate shadows every- A seent1 to shut viii care. The chunhyani yonder, with its silct:t Dust unt..' dust—holds all I wcr ► h.pp C .|. M.•:!.inh i 1 h.:.u a a.uall voiw cry— " We ahull l.avo fairer meeting, V..11 and I. in Christ1, -lad immortality.'1 llu- s.,mbre tree* which round mo dr.ni>,.. ;,,id 1U...U1 llt-pcMi 111 ninspors, ' Thou art not alone." Thy l.mdru.l spirit my*. " There is no death, S.ive !•> iho doubter l.ove aud faith Stand hero and answereth." " W,- aie lioini; to drift into the inalan c:...lv »t.i«... I ,).. Mievc," whispers Hmve t.. V.iiiL-, ami the next moment he is at Hi.• |>: hi.), iliriiniininu nut a very lively preltidt. to a tony hu calls "UromiKyei" " .luai the old, <>I<l story i It liirlit and shade ; L-ivi- like the violet tender, Like ie m:iy be to vary, 3l.iy he to fade. Jui-t die old tender story, ■I ugt a j;lunp»o nf morniug glory, in an earthly [taradise. With shadowy reflections In a pair of sweet brown eyes. i!r •« n eyes a man might well I>.' proud to win ! Open 1,1 hold his image, Shut under silken lasher, Inly to shut him in. 'tli. clad eyes look together, Kor life's ilark stormy weather Gross to a fnirer thing, When young eyei look upon it Through a tiny wedding ring. They stood above ths world In v world apart. And 6he drooped her happy eyea ; And stilled the throbbing pulses Of her happy heart. And the moonli^h'; full aboTe her. Fler secret to discover; And the moonbeams kissed lu.-r hair. As though no human lover Mad laid kisses there. " Look up, broini eyes," ho said, " And answer mine ; Ijft up cliosb silkeu fringes That hido a happy light Almost divino " Th« jealoua moonlight drifted ' ' To tie linger half uplifted, Where shone tho opal ring— Where the eolorsdauced and stuffed Uu the pretty changeful thiu^." " Bravo, young fellow," cries th» m.ij.ir, applauding with both hands, and thereby hi» beard with tho lire from the i-iyar he is smoking, " I had no idea you were musical." Feutor. laughs. " I fancy wo are not kuo judges of ench other," he says, " Noiv, 1 have an idea tint our worthy and rcapixtcd host could bent my humble effort if ho would kindly try." Applause, and loud calls for the major. " (Jod bless ray bouI!" ejaculates tho master of Piusfalls, growing suddenly j •■poplL-ctical. " What d'ye mean, sir ? Why, it is over twonty years since I last ] tritd my uanii at a eong, and that w<is the | ~~ -i * fluent. befnro; Itikermniann. when a few of •otira'wcre iliiiing with General Cat h c-trt. Cnlnnel Tom Sutton gavo'■mo his rtiiifidrniinl opinion un my vocal effort he said that my voice reminded bint of a saw grating ou a nail." ''"'" ' "There is one song you mod to sing, pa," says Grace. " You know I have accompanied you many a time, when yim and I havo been shut up together iu that great wintry house at Hawthorn." 'I Ell! yes, certainly," reflects tho major. " But, my tlear, the ditty is only tit lor children, or—or an otticor's mess room." i Tho guests will not taken refusal, and tho host is led captive to the piano, where Grace lakes her neat, and begins.a lively but pretty prelude. " Gentlemen, the song has what my friend, Tom .Suttuit wnuid term, a rati ling chorus," again says the major, clearing his thritat for action. " Capital 1 so much tho better," cry tho others. " Trust the lad, though now rebelling; Do not fear. Turn him not from this our dwelling, Father dear! Urar with him a little longer In his sin. Lovo will make his poor heart stronger- Take him in. Churns— Trust tho lad a littlu longor, Do not fear. Ue may better grow, and stronger, Father dear. Scarcely tweuty years have brightenod And grown sere. Since a babe cur hearts ho lightened, Father dear. How wo loved nurlittlo brother; Ah ! thought we, Not in all the world another Such as he. " Chorus, boys." And il is a ringing, harmonious refrain, and so simple that th-i iniurest musician may join in its full compass. On one stilling hot December, Oh. how drear! Mother li-fc us all, remember, Father dear. And before she entered, smiling Into joy. "Love,"she stid, with voice beguiling "Lovo my boy." Chorus- Trust the lad a littlo longer, Do not fear; IIo may better grow, and stronger. Father dear. CHAPTER. VIII. A I'KF.r INTO TEMI*I.K ASIIFOMl's IHARV. I find I only Logan tn live at twenty. I. Temple Ashford. only mm of SirGeorgo Ashfnrd, Major ('lu'i'tral, K.C.U., of I'leneoiiil, awaken up to the fact that hitherto, vi:*,., from my infancy to the ago nf tine j-coro years I hail cx'tftal only, no mure. In this, my chronicle, with its failed ink and its yullmv pages, will be faitnd tlio events which roused me itttn lif". Ah, mo! what shadows haunt us till wo have found the patter and the way In imprison them. Keep auiary, and In ' every thought, every haunting intiiinry of the past, rir.ing as sheeted ghosts tn terrify und drive us t.t despair, are chainol, IhhiiiiI fast. Wo take them from our hearts, an-.l lay them to sleep within a frail sh-et .if paper, else will they worry us In otirtlonin. When did 1 begin tn live ? One sunny day, after I had returned to Gleneniirt fri.ni Kuglaud, where for lire years Ox- I'nni h.-nl claimed tnu as its pupil, Horace, I'latus, .llnliere, I.e Sage, Voltaire, Cer vantes, Shakespeare, Fielding, and Swilt gavo mo nn more knowledge of thu world than liook lure gives to tho impulsive student wlm tinds life but (n lite, and en joyment the chiuf aim of life. There are men who say they know tho world, because they know its vices. Ad mit this claim, and what sage would rival a smart policeman? I had the lore of the eaves, but I was utterly ignorant of that great book, mankind. Light-hearted, happy, and without a care, I took men and u.uiu n for what they Krmol. Goethe, with all bis strange, weird-like power, presented only tho beautiful to my in ward vtMoit. Milton, with his ponderous and mighty genius, sang to mounlyof light and strength. His great creation, the Prince of Uarknesj himself, was not, to my mind, thu miserable cartoon of the vulgar, but rather majesty humbled by pride—good perverled. A tniiii will never becomo a scholar of the world without thu ono thing needful —observation. You may enrich your un ud and store your brain with all the craft of Alma Mater, yet your learning is as so much fuel, wanting the appliauce of the match to fire it into life and activity. It mostly happens that experience is the forerunner of observation. Deceit bring in its train suspicion ; suspicion, observation. This is my jirocts vcrlml a uiasimts ad ininhnn." After weary years of watching and waiting 1^ began to write these things down. Not that I have any connecting link from day to day, or month to month, of circumstauce or evont as it took place, but b^cauan the only way that presented itself tj mo of allaying memories that were almost unbeatable was lo jut them here in black and white. Sunny the morn, and beautiful tho landscape, decked in iu iii.iniing robo of green nnd grey ami russet brown as I tool; my way across the bracing uplands of Westlaml. 1! neath tnu pranced ami cajtered Hannibal, my father's favorite hunter, who, pulling strong in his fiery pride, carried mo along like a bird on the wing. Casting my eyes away over the plain I saw a lady on horseback, dashing away at a headhng gallop towards thu rocks and chasms, nnd the deep ravines which border Laso Whipera. It nt-cded no second glance to convince me that llie steed—a powerful thoroughbred—had the mastery, and was carrying us fair burden to swift Mil certain destruction. I sav the ruins were broken, but thu rider sat the flying horse coolly and gracefully, her only grip being a piece of llie ungovern able brute's mane, held firmly in In r gloved hand. In an instant tho situation was revealetl to me. Tho next saw me pressing Hannibal to I113 swiftest paco '.o intercept the runaway. There was abvut an etpial distance between tho nearest point of the lake and where the rac>> be gan—the thoroughbred heading with a straight rush for tho water—I, taking a cross course to cut hint off from tho dan gerous point. It seemed to mo that death, certain and bloody, awaited the lady if I did not gain tho rising ground first. With knee and voice I urged tho gallant hunter, who, seeming to compre hend what was at stake, bounded along like a stag, flinging the white foam from liis nostrils, and snorting iu reply. I I cannot tell ho» I joined isaac with thu frightened steed. Barely fifty paces from the summit of the steep jagged clill I seized the loose hanging rein, and twitt ing if round tny hand, suddenly wheeled the runaway round the way he came. Tlio wrench and atni-i upon my wrint pv.ns mo yet, nirl mil tta'-n mv n hile I lire. Tim ni.rliiuiiod l>riito pulled inainit | of thu saddle.: lull I held «ii to him. ami brought Sum up, his chest mid Hatil.s, niiivurinu mid covered- mill -, owe.it ami I blood. , • ,  ] In a moment (ho fuir rider leapt to tlio i ground., Loukiu^ 1 :it her I saw a faco of | rare and, excceilin:; loveliness, which smiled upon me, « liilu her soft white , hands touched mine thai wcro acliiiii: nud | throbbing with pain.. A hruuottu uf the i Mooriali ... typo,, with n dash of tlio wild ltohoinian, tilt: faco brilliant, tlio red lips a trilli, too full anil too sensual, but alto gather a iii.itchle.i':, Kiijierli girl, just bud din- intnwomimhood. " Sir, how br.iro you havii boon; you have saved my life, and at <!:eriskof your emu. What imii I Bay to you ? How can I t hunk you?" • • Tim voice was low, and sweet, mid rich,—a most excellent tiling in wo:tmu. "I am already thanked." 1 said. "la there any u\iy in which I oau hato thu honour tv awiist you?" • . Shu laughed, and with an X ir.torn grace replied, "inoiiii >»y bridle, which naughty Tricksy has broki'j, and kindly sco mv to llawksncsl." ■ '■ ■; " Ijauksncst! la that your homo ?" "Yea.' You can sou its gableA yonder by tha lake." This inornin^ 1 went forth for a gallop with aiy favorite hero, bill thobriilo turned restive nnd bolted." Tiio runaway appeared quiet enough now. I saw by its points thatitwa«a grandly bred nmre, a chestnut in color.' " What a noble beast!" I said iv ad miration. , " Yes," she replied, patting the naughty one's shining neck, " my brotlior j;ave three hundred i;nmcu for Tricksy. From him I received her as a present." ♦ . . * * * Hawksncst was a roomy villa in ajvild |iart of the country, surrounded by n -forestof kauri pines, nnd toy nbor.t forty milts distant from Ck-ncoiirr. Of ita oc cupants T hat! never heard a word lr»m mv father, or my sister Hilda. It sccniiul ali the more strange to me when my fair companion, who had not mentioned her name, led me to the housi', and then in troduced me to her. father. Itntar.Vi iiar jovr. :For a Polo he could i*peak KnjjlMi remarkably well. Me was an alien from his beloved l'obnd, ho said, Ho hnd taken part with the people ineomeifis' tnrbar.ces, and had lo fly from his enemies. Barjovr was tall and thin, with a dark, ru*tlc»s eyo that nerir looked straight at you. i stayed and dined,, and was intro duced to Kiah Karjew's brother Paul. Ho wns only a youth, s'areely out of his terns, but as I afterwards diumvemi ho lnsd a profound knmvled-e of the world, which at times baffled calculation. There are men who do not require experience in (liia art; thoy takt tv it'intuitively. Their first step iv lif -j exhibits the same profound mnstery over the iniuils of others, n» at tlio close of a noblo or ij; nohle career, i'rom tlio first T did not like l'.iul Harjew. Something there was in him that rejielleil, and yet nttnuhrd me to him. Perchance the secret of this lay in the subtle charm and fascination which his beautiful sister soon began to exercise over my every feeling, thought, and word, liuukiui; back at these things thr.iuyli the vista of yearn, I am amazed at llui mad uesj of my infatuation, (or I knu.v iiuic it was not love. 1 became .1 constant visitor at Ilawfcs mtsf. Itiah liarjew met mo ever with a h!u«h and a eiuilo of welcome. Ah! tier's was a mouth that surely smiled ilos tn;ci.ii>:i; her's was a [ac ■ that nu as a story wluise ,'cavei nro yet uncut. Out on the still lake, with th. ; mmm overhead, and hosts of stars mirrored on its clear bosom. No Princess of thu Tiiilcries, or of tho Qnarticr 1> had more grace, or a moro fatal gleam in iho w black lustrous eyei, with thuir dangerous drop of thick, curling lashes. Warm, tranquil night, nnd alone with Ui.ih Kar jew. "Ah, Monsieur." sho plead*, softly, " how brave you wero that morning to dare to stop a mad runaway horse, in full [light; it was unirrdlous. Vou.iiavcd luy life, flow shall I over show lull my gratitude ?" " (Jive me leave to love you. Wall." "Hush! Theeo itrti gmcefiil words, but you do not mean them, sir." "Gall mo Temple, lady. All! if I have but won the rich recompense which lies in the smallest tulu to your gratitude I am tho happiest of muu." Sho looked up at me with the light of the moon on her calm, di?passionatu rice ; " men yearn for nothing but power," she answered, *' lrivu with you means idlu compliments ami flaittry. With us youth and beamy aru Crown and S-v|>tre, und we reign over the realm of lovu. You are old, nnd require miraus nr cmiiclik.i ere p«iwer becomes yours. We—wu lire only in our youtlis and in our bunuty, and wo enjoy love in it. If 1 livit King enough my hair will be white, and my skin yellow. Hah! let us not wnsto time in talking of that love which miii pro fess." . Oh, the calm dreams in silent g:ou« and 011 wooded heights, with the icho ot that silvery voico chaiiiiing :uul lnriug me. Oh,the soft music hcuuuth the giaut k-iuri pinO!.! lOvery lovely woman hasu caprice, but Kiah -ll.irjcw's evcrj* moml wns with out tin- rulo that guide* most women. "You like music," aho nays, softly. " All, yo«, 1 can sco it 111 your face. Kll -glishmen aro cold and proay, but tbey have eliH|U(;iit eyes sumo Limes." Sh« cinqs, without ellort, tho familiar can7..»no ot Figaro, wiili a voice which the sweet throated, lohus in tho leaves above us might have envied. From Figaro to the sublima. harmonies olttm Suhat Mater, without prelude ura]Mlogy, now wailing liko the sigh of a rc«pur hymn at eventide, now bursting into »«ssionar.e («-»v.t. like tlio siroll of aTo Ueiim from thii Cathedral nltar. Out on the Mil! nig'it rosu tho matchless music iil vjice, rich, clear, thrilling', and changing luddeuly to one >if Verdi's, gayest arias, niiugling Huekuns'. slumber ■■. song witli somo reckless Venetian kircarollc. "Yourvoicoia exiiuisiie, nißrvolious. Kiah." She langh.isoftly. "They know luiv to teich Mimic in Paris, sir." "You wore uot born in Paris, wet:" yotiT" "No," aho answers. "I claim uo higher lincagu ; than 11 half bluod M.i^r. for my mother, nnd this dull, dark Island for my birthplace. Hut my faUiersenr. mo to France tre I could lisp his nariiiv and th*-re I remained until good Bliulailie de l'entville could teach me ncitiiiug more k either of music or tho latest scandal in fashionable circles. Sitting haro reminds me tif the: old chateau nt Dijon, wlier-: wo had lessons for. breakfast, for. luiieb. and for diuncr, witli, long .practice, bj; way of <lo»«ert. , Jiow I used to beat my. wings against tho barred windows, miik lung to escapo o'er the purple in<iU:i taitu." -:■ ; ■■■- ■■'■ -■;,;■■• -'.■•' 1; ;;■;'...t No more - dnngerous 'tiren' jn"'nneieni fabl« than this, with the tuockias liyht d: !icr gnrallp c^cs, and tlio rosy, smiling lips. Hi'.'mmo «inching creature front tho'pi;ei of fiiU-'uzi, *lm dizzlolall nitnnlm looked £n thoi.i «itli tnu «hino o£ their Utm» ti'vro, yvl whojo whits jowu'led hands shook (he plnltro into (he loviujr. cup. » Lotiiiu inorilizo no muro, or I shall fill! tliu pigjos of in) diir) urol lia\o froed tlio thoughts which, rise betimes like accus ing annuls. In tho abslraut my sin lay in this. I wis the willing dupe of a consummate) scoundrel and his confederates, nlio used' .1 cohl, cilculatinj', and beautiful decoy toluro liiii, 'that is all. Tlio details, abrupt, and perhaps a little \aguo, nny nerve us a biiacon to others who, like my self, are ignorjmt of thu smooth gild'jd way? of wickbdnoei. I had boon acquainted but a short time with tlio "exile,' Barjew and his family, j when >I began-to play. How it came about is a mystery, for in my hoartl hated (.'ambling. - Perhaps it was because Iliali Itiujew was my partner at thoao times, tliac I begun to look forward to the long winter evenings at tlio villa as i\ enrt of Edin, wheroiu there was only Evu fur 1110. Not at I his time, bat loug after wards I know Hii.vksneut to bo iiothinp more nor less than a gambling dun, and its inmates the very worst typo of so called gentlemanly rulliaim that proy on society. Tliero was iiotliitig unusual in tlio crowded rooms, filled night after night with eager, watchful men and wo men -vho staked thoir last shilling with tho ''sangfroid of my Lonl .Rochester. Evon at that time, when I saw nothing beyond tlie, big black eyes of my lovely luio, it struck mo us most strange, but X had' visited Paris, and I know tho Parisians to bo fond of ecarle as a pastime only. Jn my novitiate my fair partner was allowed to instruct me until 1 became au apt pl.iycr, and I went into the trap. It was a curious study to watch tho tide of fortune flowing into our hands' at the lir.jinnitfj: Truly, luck was every thing in our case. Many a h.ilf-smothcrwl rticrc was heard from lieuuitli tho thick moustache nf Xiatmlii Uarjew at our sue eesH, auiiushis daughter swept thu guidon picei'j into her lap. ■ This wan tho beginning. Slowly but surely tho fever laid its grip upon mo— the feverish excitement of tho gambler. AVhilo the. malady was upon mo I cared littlo.whether Jtiah llarjuw was presout or otherwise. Tho ambition to win seemed to nluor!> all else of thought or fueling within my heart. Tlio photographs of tho persons who gathered nightly round our table are vividly retained in my memory. Old Barjow, with las thin, keen face hungrily watching tliu c-irda on tho green bai.-.u. Gji]iositu the host a well made, hnudsomc young man, about my own age, by name Jocdyn . Vntihoruugh. and who might easily have Keen taken for my twin brother.' Paul Tarjow tilled the picturo ns my yis-a'-vis. lSevoud the glar..' of tho lamps was one tiguru n horn 1 observed often watchim; for some one who never came. It was tho form of a lady, if the creel carriage, small, well gloved hands and n hundred other iiumistakeablc signs of birth aud breeding nro any indications of a geiitlt!woman. Slio always took up a position in the name spit, and that spot the must hhroudid part of tho room. She never played, and no one appeared to trouble thomselvcs about her. At a cer tain hour nhe left tho villa, but to return again tho ne.\t evening to her post. One uigiit my curiosity sot the liottor of my manners. " Who is this lady V" I asked nf my host, pointing to the dark form standing motimilcss as a statue. ISarjcw wheeled round. " Ah, nion n«i>," he said, shrugging hisshouldcas, " that is a poor creature who comus aud goos to my domicile as tho whim pleases her. Mrs .Sydney Black is tl<u wife of my most intimate friend, a. gentleman whom I shall have much pleasure in in troducing to you liy and by. At present he is in Melbourne, but hu will bo hero after th- races."' " Is Sir Black a racing man V ".My quod frieud," replied my host, with a laugh, '" you lilngliali have .1 way of wyuig harsh words. Mr lliack is a ■pDrteniHU, and the owner uf several race horses." " Humph ! Does tho lady know that her liege lord is absent ?" "Whociui u-H what. tho thcughUof women are <" answered liarjew, evasively. ■'Some years ago Mrs Black lost au infant daughter. Tho poor creature has not been altogether right heru (touching bis furuhcjul) stticu that unfortunate evcut." •' Uowlost I" "•Stolen out of its cradle : kidnapped," bri >l!y replied the host. *' Whoever tho thief, ho li js iimnaged to keep his secret and hide his crime. Tlio child was never recovered. Come, mem c/icr, miud your pl.iy." If I had fortune at my back in tho commencement, the jade toon turned her tickle front, i lost heavily—that is, my gambling transactions Miuouuteii to more than I could pay. All had boeii well for me had I conic to my senses at this point, but my losses, instead of acting as a warn ing, only created in me a determination to retriiivo them. 1 returned home. My father reproached me for my long absence, and ptrled with mo in au angry mood. Did he siu-pccl? Alas ! lor vain frivolous youth. Cut tho string of t'-io kite, aud io! whither will it got I 1 wanted money, ::lni my sister Hilda! ca:nu to tile rescue. X told her mv honor' vv.ia involved, and that a thous md pounds! ivoiild free me. She gave me her cheque! book. I " I have two thousand odd in the Bank of New Zo.iland, my grandmother's le-.icy," she replied. ''Draw for that aiiiouiit if it will lielp you, Temple." I kissed hur, and went back to Hawks-1 ucat". ;..,., .-■■ I Jn awuuk I was beggared of every shil-r l>ng my noble sister had given mo. There! are- sumo ■ temperaments which bocomo! uavagu and di-spomto under defeat. Somei men there are, and I fUt myself to bo one' of them, who, if they had ilia strength' to lack tho will, would wreck tho world! iii their mad desiro to conquer. I rc-j iiiouilxr ill my schooldajs encountering! a big bully in thu shapo of v butcher, a roarse, brutal fellow, who was the terror; of tho locality at fisticuffs. Ho was a' man and Xa boy, hut 1 would have boaleir him to death it" Ills fri'.-nds had not taken! him away. Tho bully nearly killed me, yu my will mastered him. " You haco the devil's luck, Ashford," umd l'aul .Barjuw. " J>.ime Fortune is decidediy against you, my duar fellow,"1 drawled Van*] borough. "Better not tempt the goddess' any further." I The very front of these things would! ;uve opened tho oyes of anyone lesa bo-j filched and foolish than myself, but thai mi ii wero observers, mark you, and thuyi kiiuw how to pull tho atringa wliich move! tnu puppets humau. Their words \\\er4 uiuiiii to mo, and X replied haughtily that! xdvies was thrown away upon me. 1 -'loud not ccasu until I had my re>) veiiue.-I'a bt CoiUiatd. UU 6 343 | 