© tr t 1 $ ant <& a ft 0. Bad form — Chloroform. Called to order— Tlio waiter: A slow match— Four years of court ship. A ring ou the finger is worth two in tne pawnshop. A Noted Palace. — The inside of a music-book. A stirring incident — : Preparing the Christinas pudding. Yonngwife: Can you cook', Mary 1 New servant: Oh yes'iu, if you don't help. .. t, People who stutter cannot, bo relied on, as they arc always breaking their word. Hotel keepers arc supposed to I® healthy, but they are always iun-dts- posed. Why should a thirsty man always carry' a watch ?. Because there's a spring inside it. Query. — Does a landlord entirely give, up his right; to a hou60 when he releases it? On Lho Qui Vive— Sentry: Halt! Who goes there? Burglar: Nobody. Sentry r Pass on. Military motto for the new South London Ophthalmic Hospital opened recently by the Duke of York— Byes right ! Waitress : Will you take a glass ol beer ? Customer : As soon as I have finished this beef-steak. First labour, then pleasure. What made" the jury render a verdict so quickly ? Well/ you sec, one of the jurors began to tell us about the bright sayings of his five-year-old boy. Convalescent effusively : How can I evev repay you, doctor ? Doctor prac tically : By cheque, notes, or gold ; and I hope soon, my dear sir. Only Natural— Judge : Have yon anything to say before I pass sentence o!i«you ? Prisoner : No, I ain't got any time ler waste tallwn' 'ere. I want ter go! He: That, was a very funny tbing about Mrs. Parvenu. She : What was that? He: Why, she went to a carriage- hnilder's arid wanted to buy a cart-de- visite. She : ' When you speak to papr, nhd ask his consent, lie is sure to demand what your prospects are.. He : How can J. toll liirn what my prospects are unless he shows 'his hand first ? ' A health, officer recently received the following note fiom one of the residents of his district : Dear Sir, — 1 beg to tell you that1 my child, aged 8 mouths, is suffering of tnea-les as required by Act of Parliament. Jimmy : I -was walking in the woods, when all at once i came on the biggest kind of a rattlesnake. Pa: How do yui know it was a rattlesnake, Jimmy ? Jimmy : By the way my teeth rattled as soon as I saw him. . Barber-: You're getting frightfully bald, sir. Customer savagely : Well, x don't see how that concerns you. Barber: Excuse me, sir, but it does. You soon won't have any hair left to cut, and then I shall lose a customer." She: Perhaps you won't care to marry mo when. I confess that I. have been engaged ten times in my life. IB' : Did you return your lovers all their presents ? She : Not a single one. He : Then, darling, I forgive you. A Hnuuted House. — First friend: Do you believe in ghosts ? Second friend : Well, for years I have been living in a haunted house. First friend : You don't sav so ? Whom is it haunt ed by ? Second friend : By my tailor. Something Better — A young man was writing a prospectus for a circus. I say, he observed, turning to the manager, I've about exhausted ruy vocabulary over this, thing. Have you a- thesaurus ? No, replied the manager regretfully ; but we've a hippopotamus. Two lovers quarrelled, and the lady wrote tp the gentleman as follows:— Herewith I return all' your presents, with the exception of tho diamond ring, which I shall keep' to remind me of your, meanness and horrid conduct alto gether ! Mr. Upson Downes seated . by a stranger in a railway carriage : What time is it by your watch, if you please ? Stranger : I don't know.f Mr. Upson Downes: But you have just looked at it. ; Stranger : Yes ; I only wanted to see 'f it was still there. Doctor : Don't eat too much, drink moderately, Btay quietly at home of an evening, smoke little, and take moderate exercise daily, either on foot or on horse back. PatieDt But,. doctor, if I could only follow out your regime , I should not require to come to you. A gentlemau while making a speech, inadvertently stepping forward, fell off the platform. In response to the peals of laughter that greeted his unlucky fall he claimed that any speaker had a right to come, down to the level of his audience. And now, said the country cousin to the girl, I have shown you everything on the farm. O George, you haven't done any such thing. Why, I heard papa say before I started that you had a mortgage on it that covered nine-tenths of the giound. The following is an admirable speci men of Lord Palmerston's curt way of transacting official business — they are instructions given " to a Foreign Office : clerk for answering a letter : Tell him (1 ) we'll see ; (2) to use blacker ink ; (3) to round his letters; aud (4) that there's no h in exorbitant. A gentleman living near Peterhead one morning ordered his dog-cart at ten. He kept his old servant cut in the wet holding the horse till twelve. On coming out he said, John, I Fear 1 have kept you waiting ? John simply touched his hat, aud, grinning broadly, replied, I'll no' contradict ye, sir . A Foreign contemporary records a rather happy saying uttered at the ex pense of an adventurer who styled him self General, and was suspected of having made his money by undetected pecula tion. Is he a general of division ? asked a native " inquirer. No — a general of substruction was the ready reply. Zeke ': Say, Uncle Mose, yo: know my brudder Sam, wot set ' himself up as a s'ciety gom'n? Well, he's done gone bin 'rested fo' BteahV ob a suit ob clothes. Uncle Mose : Well, ii he ain't do mos' ignerantest nigger I ebber seed. Why didn't he bny a suit and nebber pay fo' it, just like de white s'ciety gom'n do ? Golden ' Silence. — He : I intended presenting you with a bracelet for your birthday, my love. Do you prefer a gold or a silver one ? She remains silent. He : Well ? Still no reply. He : Come, don't yon hear ? Gold or silver ? She : Why, my dear, are you not aware that, if speech is silver, silence is golden ? Clerk of court: Well, gentlemen of the jury, have you agreed upon a verdict ? Foreman : We have. Clerk : What say you ? Do you find the prisoner at the bar guilty or not . guilty ? Fore man : We do. The Clerk : Yon do ! Do what ? Foreman : We find the prisoner at the bar guilty or not guilty. Clerk : But, gentlemen, you must explain. Foreman ; Of courso. You see six of us find him guilty and Bix find him not guilty . A good story is told by Dr. Brunton of a Scotch fanner who was ordered by his doctor to take two fluid ounces of whiskey in the course of the day. This would seem precise enough ; but ; unluckily a fluid ounce is equal to eight j drauis, aod a dram has two meanings— I a nip and a few drops. The farmer, not knowing what an ounce was, wait ed till his son came from school, and, on learning that it contained eight drams, was greatly delighted, and said that doctor understood his case. He had always had eight drams, but he always wanted eight more. i 