, Amusemenis. THE ELOOD RELIEF CON6bBT. 'For charity's sweet wJffl,' a most excellent and enioyabaiB boncert, organitedTay WM Beatrice Griffiths, asfeleted by M. Kowaisti, ii'Aid of the K.S.W. Mood Fund, was given last night at the Town Hall. It is a matter for regret that the public did not respond more- generously to- the- Appeal. The/entertainment was also announced as being under the personal patronage of any num ber o£ prominent people, the extent of whose patronage -was evidently limited to their names appearing in the advertisement, which is a cheap and easy way of keeping one's name before the ' public. The first number on the programme was ' Scena di Chieoa '?{' Faust '), for pianoforte and great organ, played by MM. Kowalski and Wie gtmd. In this the different tempeiaments of the two players were most decidedly contrasted, and were it not that the music suffered somewhat the effect would have been very amusing indeed. The audience recalled the artists with great enthusiasm, and Miss Clara Llewellyn's mezzo soprano voice was heard to advantage in Sir William Robinson's 'Remember Me No More.' Mr. Hallewell rendered two songs by Handel with devotional feeling, and delightful phrasing 'Tears -Such as Father Shed/' in which the lacrimi di voce was used with, telling effect, and ? Shall I in Manure's Fertile Plain.' These numbers were accompanied on the organ by M. Wiegand. The vocalist was recalled. Then came Liszt's 14th rhapsody arranged for two pianofortes by M. Kowaleki, and played by him self and Miss Beatrice Griffiths. * This yo^ng lady must be congratulated. She got through her most difficult task with conspicuous artistic excellence, and she is a worthy devotee of that great school of which her master, M. Kowalski, is so distinguished and perfect an exponent — the ?schopl of 'Liszt. An immense demand for an encore, and master and pupil re sponded by playing Kowalski's ' Galop di Bravura ' in brilliant style. ' Miss CJolbourne-Baber sang Piccolomri's ' Whisper %nd I Shall Hear' delightfully, and received two calls, also two bouquets, and then gave ' Home, Sweet Home ' with great pathos. M. Poussard played his own ' Andante *' and 'Intermezzo' with his usual charm and effect, and for the encore gave ' Rondo de Nuit ' (Poussard). The secoBd part commenced with Oottschalk's *' Grand Tarantelle' for two pianefortes, played by M^ Kowaleki and Miss Beatrice Griffiths, with an orchestral accompaniment excellently played by amateurs, among the violins being two sisters of Miss Griffiths. This number was conducted by Mr. J. Belaney, and met with great applause. Miss Marion Llewellyn gave Kowalskfs ' Perles de Rosee ' (La Senbrich waltz, and made famous by that diva). It wee not quite successful from a vocal point of view, but it pleased the audience, who recalled the singer, and she sang ' Comin' ThW the Rye.' Mr. Hallewell then gave Gounod's 'The VollBy' — a rather grave reading, but beautiiully rendered. M. Kowalski accompanied this song in a manner calculated to five inspiration to any singer — it was simply perfect. This was followed by Gounod's arrangement of Bach's first prelude, ' A.ve Marie,' sang by Miss Colbourne Baber, violin obligate by M. Poussard, and great organ M. Wiegand. A trio on airs from ' Don Gio vanni' and Faye's duet, 'Tell her I Love her So,' brought this most enjoyable concert — which, if anything, had one fault, an embarrass de richese — to a. close. Miss Naylor and Mr. Harrison White played the accompaniments in the most efficient manner. 'His Natural Life' continues to fill the popu lar parts of the Theatre Royal, which has come to be regarded as the popular house for melo drama, and no change is announced in the lead ing bill. To-night Mr. Dampier will repeat his fine impersonation of ' Hamlet/' Mr. Jamas Rainford will again appear as the Ghost, and the other members of the company will be seen in their former roles. After a not very eventful sealbn the Montague Turner Opera Company will vacate the Lyceum Theatre on Tuesday next, and on Wednesday the theatre will close till Saturday to pre pare for a big production of 'A Million of Money.' To-night the Opera Company appears in ' The Bohemian Girl;' on Saturday and Mon day ?** Iiucrezia Borgia ;' will be staged; and on Tuesday, when Miss Montague takes a benefit, a mixed bill will be given, when the Garden Scene from ' Faust/' and the first and fourth acts of 'Trovatore' (introducing the Miserere Scene with full chorus) - will be given. Some admirers of Miss Montague have bought the family circle, and about 300 young fellows from the different business' houses in the city are to be present and will give musical selections before the curtain goes up and between the intervals. ' A Village Priest ' has entered on its fourth and last week at the Criterion Theatre, and on Saturday week next J. M. Barrio's enormously suc cessful play, 'Walker London' will be staged for the first time in Sydney. In the meantime the theatre is well filled every night, and the «« Village Priest ' goes like a piece of clock work. Mr. Geo. H. Wood has proved an acquisition to the already strong company with which Mr. Harry Rickards has surrounded himself at the Tivoli Theatre. The cosy little theatre has been packed during the week, and hilarity and content ment reign throughout. An entire change of programme will take place to-morrow evening. By dint of constant novelties and fresh sensa tions Mr. Harry Barrington has succeeded in installing the Imperial Minstrels as an insti tution at the Opera House. Mr. Percy Clifton, who made his first appearance on Monday last as a coster impersonator, has proved a decided success, and the other new arrivals at this house, including Messrs. M'Kisson and Kearns and the Misses Ethel Clifford and Ida Tauchert, help to strengthen an already'highly popular company. The World Star Gaiety Company, which, under the able management of Mr. Alf. Hazlewood, has always held its own with the lovers of variety entertainments, has been seen to particular advantage in a varied bill during the week* and 'Aladdin,' the popular burlesque, has held the boards even longer than was anticipated by the management. To-morrow evening the usual change of programme will take place, and the entire company will move into the Royal Stan dard Theatre, which is to be opened with a flourish of trumpets with a new first part and a new bur lesque entitled 'Fra Diavolo/' Mr. Billy Emerson, described in the bill as «The( World's King of Comedians,' has proved a tower of strength to the Alhambra Minstrel Com pany, which still retains its popularity as a first class combination, and his songs and sketches are nightly received with decided signs of approval. Mr. Eddie Simpson in comic songs, and the Misses Clara Spencer, Abbott, and Blanche Young are among' the other prominent attractions. The 'On Guard' shooting spectacle at the Cyclorama continues to attract many visitors to the battle of Gettysburg, which with its other realistic mechanical effects and musical selections, is still a popular institution at Redfern. - Mr. W. H. Whiddon's popular concerts will be repeated to-morrow evening at the T.M.C.A. Hall, Pitt-street, when special, prominence will be given to the 'Miserere' scene from 'II Trova tore,' when Mr. W. Walshe and Miss Colbourne Baber will sustain the solo parts. Messrs. Rivers AllpreBS and Harrison are among the other artists engaged, and Signor Hazon will conduct the chorus by the prominent members of bothloeder taf els. '- A most attractive programme has been arranged, and a big house is anticipated. M. Wiegand will give bis usual popular organ recital at the Town Hall on Saturday evening. A special ladies' night was given at the Colum bia Skating Rink last evening, when there was a very good attendance. Professor RolUe Hugo gave a clever exhibition on the rollers, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. The N. and H.R. Company's Bteamer Sydney will leave the wharf, foot of Market-street, at 2 o'clock sharp, on Saturday, and will land excur sionists at Port Hacking, within easy walking distance of Simpson's HojteL for about two hours, arriving in Sydney on return about 8 p-m. Further particulars will be found in our business columns. „ ♦ ' . . 