Hidings Question. If we may judge by the scant amount of interest shown by the resident rate payers of the town of Korumburra into the question of dividing the Shire of Poowong and Jeetho into ridings,, we are afeared — if it is still left to- them- to initiate — there- ifs little, verv- littie,. probability indeed of the pro posal even reaching the incubatory" stage, unless some person's eloquence- electrifies the publicinto the necessities; of the proposals. In. no. town or- district in the whole Shire,, would so little disregard be paid to this impor tant question; in the eventof a- meet ing being called. Yet Korumburra with its boasted population, and. mem of known ability in its midst,. coulcL not get sufficient to be present to- out number the three historical' tailors; of" Tooley street who- presented? tlie celebrated petition to- the House ofi Commons, with the peculiar heading: The Secretary of the Progress- Associa tion was in his place; bui-ao' assist ance was forthcoming from any person to push the proposals forward although ilie place of meeting, like- Hamlet and his ghost, was shifted to a more suitable ground. The prepar ation of a petition with boundary lines; defined in keeping with the interest of the different localities, but more especially Korumburra, is of the utmost importance. Outlying districts evidently are aware of this fact, hence they waited until the residents of Korumburra publicly explained how they desired the Sbire should be sub divided into ridings before taking action. A move will now be made in other places, not to subdivide the Shire into ridings but to submit a pro posal for the annexation of certain territory to the Shire of Poowong and Jeetho, which, in the event of being conceded will, in the future, make a great difference in the matter of sub division. Therefore, if it is desir jus to still further push the matter on, no time should be lost, or probably com plications might arise that would be disadvantageous to the interests of all concerned. 