?riiic ?. ar«r«M«MiH«h»tlMkiM*t-aa* fer »h» meat (h»t BMla n*Dun r«r ttu fatan Hi H» it**— aal Iht (rood «bM m «m 4».' ^TUESDAY, FEB. 7, 1893. JOHNNY PEEP. The Town Board last night paid a high compliment to the persuasive powers of the Treasurer in succumb inc (to the force of his eloquence. The majority of the members of the Hoard are evidently not qualified to play poker, except to lose, for they lave been taken in by pure bluff. The Treasurer told them there was a legal question as to whether Zeehan was entitled to any money at all from the proceeds of the sale of the resi dence areas, and that they had better accept the offer made them. Most of the members seemed to have swallowed his statement like children swallow ing ;,a ghost story, aud it had a similar effect on them. They quite forgot that, if Zeehan has no legal claim on the money, then the past and present Governments have been guilty of misappropriation, not only in giving the, Dundas Town Hoard a certain proportion of the proceeds of the sale of the Dundas residence areas, but also in paying for any of the public .works done on Dundas out of iheJp'rbceed8-6f those sales. This they -have done, and if Zeehan has no legal claim on a moiety of the money realised from the sale of Zeehan resi dence areas, then the Government have deliberately misappropriated the money obtained from the sale of the Dundasareas. TheZeehan Town Board had the Government on the horns of as awkward a dilemma as ever a Government could be in, and they have very kindly, by their action last night, lifted the Government off and placed it gently on the ground and said 'in effect^ 'Please sit on us.' The Government had no case, but the Treasurer has. in poker parlance, bluffed the Board, aud the Board seems rather pleased than otherwise. Not so Zeehan. The Treasurer came down here to spy out the land aud to see what he could get out of us to make up his next budget. He has got more than he expected, for he has got the Town Board to give him £2,600 without a murmnr. Well might he have said, with the poet, when he was here — H«re am I, Johnny Peep, ; \ I saw three sbeep, And these three nheep saw me ; Half-a-crown a piece » Will pay for their fleece, And so Johnny Peep gets free. He led them like lambs to the slaughter, g I ' * /. /' . The difference between tweedledum and tweedledee— The Town Hoard's views before Mr TreMurei'a arrival, the Town Board's viern after Mr Treasurer's departure. Tbe Pope has resolved to establish a great ?enrinary for the education of natives of India and Ceylon, for the Boman Catholic priest hood, and has provided a sum of £20,000 for the pnrpdSc It U Mttd tbat there are many applicants for the meant Governorabip of Tasmania. No. wonder, The billet would, no doabt, be a boon to miuy ot Eogia- td'a erlstooracy, for there are brokers even among the ' Upper Ten.' From Or Gibbons, Government Meteorolo gist, we learn that the rainfall for Jannary was :— 12 wetdnye, 7'13in of rain. For the corresponding month of 1892 the record w»s : —19 wet days, *-46ia, and for 1691, 18 wet days for 9*93. The little boy Rons who got his jaw so b&dly; crushed a week ago at Oaadas, is pro gressing alowlv towards reoovery in the hospital, but the injuries were of enoh a severe nature that it will require a long time to effect a thorough recovery. The goddc-ss of Chance may be blind, but, like the god of Love, ehe is none tbe less attractive to mankind oa that account. We owe all pur spirit of adventure and half of our enterprise to her cult.. We also owe to her fascinations many of our misfortunes. The metalling of Main-street is proceeding, bat tbe stuff being used is Dot of tiie best character for wearing, as there is too much sandstone among it. However, it is probably the oheipest obtainable, and that is, of course, a consideration in the present financial etatc of the Board. Tbe 'angry tree ' attains a height of from 10 to 25ft. It is found in Nevada, California, and Arizona, If disturbed by contaot or moved by the wind it manifests pigns of vexation, raffing its leaves like tbe hair of an angry cat and emitting a sickening odor.— Philadelphia Record. The Bijou Theatre is abort'y to be opened by the Malvino Surprise Party. They are credited with giying n very clever, varied, and pleasing entertainment. Their repertoire in cludes musical comedies, burlesques, laughable sketches, cbristy minstrel marionettes, and Italian fnntocolnf. II Us Malvtno, the only lady drum soloist in Australia, will appear in her specialities. Ammonia or borax added to th? bath-witcr will destroy the odor of perspiration. A table spoonful of powdered alum sprinkled in a barrel of water will precipitate ell impure matter to the bottom. A good disinfectant is made by dissolving half a dram of nitrate of lead in a pint of boiling water, then dis solve two drams of common salt in eight or ten quarts of water. lie the Dundas ball, onr firrt correspondent writes :— ' As ? T.S.O,' has takei upon him sslf to oininent on the manner I reported the dresses at the Dundas ball, I must, in justice to myself, dear 'my oonduot in the eyes of the ladies that weti prsssnt. I think it is usual to report only the ball dresses, ?and this, I think, I carried out. Neverlheles, I tender my bumble apologr to the ladies I did not mention, and hope 'T.J.C.' will not again dabble with matters that he does not under stand.' Mr A. E. Banfleld, of West Devonport (says an exchange), bos received the welonie informition that he has dropped into a snug little fortune. It seems that a relative of the late Mr W. BanBeld bad left £36,0,00, and which had passed into Chancery, a's some -roof of rslat'onship were required. These are now being supplied, and the descendants of the deoeaied have been apprised that the money will ehortly be available. We under stand Mr BnnEeld was for some time a resi dent of Zeehan. The Hon. the Treasurer was, during his recent visit, interriewed by the Committee of the Horticultural Society, who urged that steps might be taken to prevent the introduc of oodlin mothjto the West Coast. The re quest has met with speedy response as we are informed by Mr Black, the President of the societr, that he yesterday received a telegram intimating the appointment of Mr J. W. Brocklehnst, landing waiter, at Strxhan, as in pector under the Act. All fruit imported will, therefore, in future have to piss the Eorutiny of this gentleman. 