A. Reply to "Life Only in Christ. Your correspondent "A.A.T." in your issue of March 17 .says :-." God only hathbimmortslity, but Jesus Christ brought it to light, not by living on the earth, for others lived here before him ; not by dying, for others died before him; but by rising again from the dead to'die no more." And again-" But Christ has conquered death and the grave." Now to be correct, Christ did not rise from the dead, neither lehas He conquered death, for it was the Father who raised Him from the dead in fulfilment of His promise to David, and as a type (the first fruits) of those who will be raised at the final judgment. , And not only those who are worthy will be given im-: mortality, but also those who are un worthy " whose worm (flesh) shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched. Death will not be conquered till the day of judgement, when death and hell will be cast into the lake of fire. (Rev. e 20, v 13) Chiist was raised from the dead and so wqre others before Him, " God bath raeisdd 1im .from the dead, and 'sot Him on His own right hand." (Elbes. 1-20, Acts.2-24, 5-20, 10-40, 17-31, 2 Corin. 18-4, Rom; 6-9, &c.;) As " God-only hath immortality" Jesus Christ could not have had immortality, a Hoe died upon the Cross. If Jesus Christ"'conquered death," and of Ilis own power 'robe from the dead, then must He have been God and not flesh, and either this God was mortal, 'or else we must denythat He Teally died upon the Crass, Jesus Christ was not Jesus Christ without the body, which we are, told to believe was. flesh, (1 John o 4, v 2 and 3. 2nd John.7), This is a point-whero most'Christians' err, in not giving glory to the Father, as it was the Father who sent us the Son, our Saviour; it was the Father who gave us the Word, through the Son ; it is the Father who will give us everlast ing life, and conquer death at the last day, through the Son. Yet without the Son we can receive nothing ; the Father is the One True, God, and the Son of God our Saviour, Jesus Christ, is the Spirit of the Father-the iVord, in the mortal body of Jesus Christ, and which body died upon the Cross. I write this because men attribute all the powers of the Father to the Son, and make the Son equal to the Father. Nothing, however, can he more in contradiction to the preaching of our Saviour him self, who tells us He receives . all His power front the Father. that it is not tie who is speaking but the Father thlroughs Him, and that it is thel Father " who doeth the works." "The Son can do nothing of Him'self," for "the Fatiher is "reater than I." We cannot help drawing a distinction between the two natures in our Saviour -the mortal flsh and the spiritcal. Thie mortal body stas templted, suffered, and dlied upon the Cross. The spirit at [His death ascended into Heaven. " F'a her:into Th'lsy hands conmmend my spirit," and having thus said Is yielded up the ghost. Making this dis tinction, however, between the body and' the Spirit'lays us open to a charge of heresy, for th!s was tile very 'heresy that' wascounilesmned in Aries and Nestorius by the decrees of the Roman Church, and the irhinciples of the Protestant religion are also 'funded on.these same decrees, as they were accepted ansd in troduced into the Books of Homilies. For instancs, the members of the Rstahs lished Church are forhidlen to believe that the body of Jesus Christ was mortal flesh, by. their articles of religion. In tie 2nd Article we read that 'he two natures-the Godhead and the man hood-werejoined toget7,er in one, Josusm Christ, never to be dtvided. This union of the spirit and the flesh, moreover,' did not take place at the resurrection, but in the womb of the 2Blessed Virgin,' and the 'holy thing'which was born of tihe Virgin Mary nust have 'been 'God. That there may 'be no mistake about this perfest union, the Council of Ephesus (acceptea by Homilies and Articles of Rdligion) decreed that " Mary was the Mother of Giod." In this case we must deny'that the body of ,Jesus Christ was flesh, and that it died, upon the cross, for the body was just as much God as the spirit-they could not. be divided or separaIed. The two natures became one, and that one was either mortal or spiritual. Now 1st-; We cannot 'believe that the spirit be 'came mortal, for although our Athana sian creed tells us that the " son. born before all woriss " was perfect man, yet it tells us flint there was one more pei fect, as the " Son was inferior to the Father as touching His manhood." If we are to believe that the Father is man, still we cannot believe him to be mortal. Secondly-\Ve must in consequence be lieve that the mortal nature 'became spiritundl, thongh ;cdf course, as such, It could not have died upon the cross. Tly belief therefore is an anomaly, for I truly bolievo tha~t soy Sa'';iour, the Son of God. Jesus Christ, died upon. the cross, yet my religion 'teaches me to; believe that Jesus Christ had only one nature, which could ndt die. ' F'or these two natures are the spirit and flesh, the Godhead and the manhnod ; and these Articles of. Religion are founded on the decrees of a COnuncil convened at Ephesus, A.D., 481, It. D. 