I TEE QUARTERLIES. Tho Quartcrli/ maintains its literary tono with papers about Pierro Loti, lira Paolo Sa rpi, Ar buthnot, und tho lite aud speeches of Sir Henry Aluino, I tho notico of which hook occu- pies tho first pages of this number. Sir .Henry, it is pointed out, was as well known in India as ii legislator and n practical politician as ho was in England as a philosophic jurist, un expounder of ancient law aud primitive institutions, a ' lecturer on tho growth and descent of custom, aud a hrilliunt writer and publicist. Of Arbuthnot the writer of tho second paper discourses with pleasant anecdote about the least known of tho wits of Queen Anno'a reign. '* For tho groat majority of Englishmen nothing survives of him hut his name," wo read of ono whom Dr. Johnson described ns a universal genius, being nu excellent physician, a mun of deep learning, and a niau of much humour." Thackeray, too, thought him "ono of thc wisest, wittiest, most accomplished, gentlest of man- kind," whilo ChesterliclJ thought he had au almost inexhaustible imagination, and that ho added to great mid varied erudition un infinite fund of wit and humour "to which his friends Popo and Swift wero moro obliged than they havo acknowledged thomselvos to be." Tho writer ventures tho theory that tho medical adviser to-day occupies tho samo position as tho confessor iu Catholic countries, nnd where the physician has a monarch for his patient his power may bu unbounded. He goes on to show what tho inilueuco of tho uuthor of " Murtinus Scriblerus " may havo been on the politics of bia time. In an article on "Literary Discoveries in Egypt," re- ference is mado to tho very important recovery of n long end elaborate inscription in Etruscnn characters und tho Etruscan language, now iu tho Museum of Agruin, on tho wrapper of a mummy, and somo recently-discovorod tablets of Kilo mud covered with cuneiform inscriptions, which are letters from the kings of Mesopotamia and tho countries bordering the Eujihri'tes, and by Egyptian governors of towns in Syria nnd Palestino. The merits of these important finds aro pointed out in tho courso of an interest- ing urticlo. . There is a good paper hero on tho Duke of Argyll's " Unseen Foundations of Society," and ono entitled " Era Paolo Snrpi " ip au admirable study of tho character of rho ro inurkablo anther of tho "History of tho Council of Trent" and ecclesiastic of tho sixteenth century. Not less attractive is tho con- tribution relating to Pierro Loti, and its upprue.utiou of what that writer had to say about uututnual Japan and Nikko's " sombre golden drouin," and 'generally of that kingdom of chrysanthemums and lacquer and gold, of serene meditative Buddhas, grimacing idols, and eternally polito and smiling people. "Travels iu tho Mogul Einpiro" ia au urticlo suggested by a btulget of books ou tho East, ¡md othor papers relato to the Battle of Lu Hogtie, agricultural depression, aud tho Unionist reaction. Tho Edinburgh, in au article on tho third volume of " Tho Letters and Journals of Lady Mary Coko," congratulated readers ou tho discovery of " a genuino literary surprise, u piece, of treasure trove, iu tho shupu of '¿ti hitherto unknown letters of Horaco Walpole, nil uddrcssed to Lady Mary," in tho tono of which, says tho writer, wo re- cognise tho half yiiletudiniir.uu grace, the whimsi- cal satire, and tho wisoexperieuoo which distinguish the really gifted maa oi tho world from'the friliblo aud gossip. Tile book, which seems to bo full of anecdote illustrative of tho timo, is spoken of us a genuino revival from the ago of Humeo Walpole. Pupers about Mushonuhmd, tho Duke of Argyll's " Unseen Foundations of Suciety," and Malian on Maritime Power aro given, aud there is un exceedingly attractive ono on tho associations and recollections of Fou tainobléau. No public building in France, tho reader is reminded, appeals to tho historical imagination more eloquently than this. " Nono awakens so rich and varied a group of striking associations, none is so thickly haunted with memories of tho past, and none is tenauted by tho ghosts of so brilliant a crowd of men and women. Beginning with Francis I. thero is scarcely a Eaug, Quecu, or mistress whoso memory is not prc-erved in tho buildings of the palace, and tho article tells many picturesque and n mintie anecdotes of thoso associations down to tho timo when tho First Napoleon, standing on tho inst flight of tho btaireiLso of tho great courtyard, bado his historical adieux to his comrades of tho Old Guard. Another readable article is one ou "Philibert Commersou, Naturalist," whilo ono entitled "The Euglish Parliament" covers an aneodotical review of Mr. Barnett Smith's recent book. Discussing soma French writings on tho subject of "Tho Colonial Policy e.f France," it is mentioned that French nnd Eng- lish interests in Asia cannot very well como into conflict because ' ' tho spheres of transmarine do- minion or influence possessed by Frunce and Eng- land respectively aro for tho most part well soparated, and whero they seem likoly to touch each other, ns on or beyond tho Siamese border, tho English havo by far tho stronger position." An opiuion isexpressed thattho opportunity of founding unother great dominion in the Far East hus, for tho western nations, irre- vocably passed away, largely owing to tho presence of China, whioh is described nj " ii well-armed and well-organised Empire, not without inlluenco in tho sphero of European diplomacy." French conquests in tho East, it is said here, havo as yet brought littlo cummeroo and less revenue. " Proctor's Old and New Astronomy " is the title of an article suggested by Proctor's book of that mimo completed lust year by Ranyard, and another recent volume. In the course of a brief biographical sketch wo rend that his energy was astonishing, and as proof of it >re aro reminded that it» 'J7 years ho wrote ;">7 books and delivered lectures in several quarters of tho globe. In tho courso of tho paper mention is inado of photographs of tho Magellanic clouds, taken nt Sydney in 1890 by Mr. H. C. Russell. Tho political paper in tho present number discusses 'Home Rule, under tho heading ol" " A Statutory Nation." < Tho Snttish Revine has nrticles on tho Scottish fisheries, the regulation of tho drink traffic, and tho beginnings of tho Scottish newspaper press. The Marquis of Bute writes of "Brendan's Fabulous Voyage," which has had thc credit of anticipating Columbus in the discovery of America. Other papers deal with Syriac languages, Buchanan and tho Inqui- sition, tho anthropological history of Eurolie, book plates, and tho wanderings of tho nations. The initial number of tho monthly Studio, do scribed on tho cover ns " an illustrated magazine of fiuo and applied art," holds out tho promise of a useful and interesting publication. The articles in this issuo deal with such sub- jects as " Spain as a Sketching Ground," by Frank Braugroyn, who is exhibiting tome noteworthy work this year. " A New H lustrntor : Aubrey Beardsley," which is accom- panied by examples showing tho nuw illustrator to be ns unconventional and extraordinary as ho is now ; " Tho Growth of Recent Art," by K. A. M. Stevenson ;" " Sir Frederio Leighton as a Modeller," "Designing for Book Plates," and other matters of artistic interest. An nuto Kthograph of Macboth's " Weed Burners in tho Fens" accompanies tho number, which is pro- fusely illustrated and printed on excellont paper. Tho May number of Atalanta contains tho con- tinuation of Mr. R. L. Stevenson's new story, " David Balfour," with papors on "ThoFnn" mid Richard Greonleaf AVhittior, and other matter. Chamlin't Journal hes tho usual varied collec- tion of sketches, tales, and essays. Thc Xcwbenj JCome Jíagazine has tho usual budget of Anglican Church notes, and pipers mainly on subjoets of Church interest. Tho (lev graphical Journal hus papers about Tilft-t, thu Eastern debert of Egypt, tho Congo Basin, tho Acropolis of Susa, and a Fconch architcot iu India ; und thero ¡3 also ii page or two about Antarctic whaling. Thc JIUtorieal Ucricto is not very interesting this issne. Its papers include ono by Sir Frederick Pollock-tho best of lill, perhaps -on Anglo-Saxon law, and on tho naval prepara- tions ot James II., ¡ind Laity's visit to England iu 1715. _ A passion piny is to bo pei'tormoJ tliis year on n large seato hy tho villagers of Hiiritz in tho Biihmerwald. An immenso open-air stag« is being erected on a lull near tho village. Thero will bo a. full rehearsal of tho play on" Whitsun Day, hut tho opening is resorved until Sunday, 1th June. P. Cocheui's toxt of tho Passtona-spiel'has becu adopted as groundwork, edited, and in some parts consider- ably altered, by Professor Ammuuu and Paul Grüll fest. Ayer's Hair Vigour stimulates tho hair to a -ntrorous growth. It eontuins nil that cnn be supplied to mako tho hair beautiful and abundant, removes dnndrutf, and renders tho hair flexible and glossy.-[Anvr.] A lUnn Ari'KTiTE.-When depressed", unable to cit with relish, try l'epper's. Quinine and leon Tonic. NEKVR Woitnv.-Pepper's Quinine and Iron dispels all nervo trouble. Must bo Pepper's Quinine To OVKRCOMR WKAKSXSS.-Popper's Quinine nod Iron ' Tonio gives new life, health, strength, nnd caer0")', lasi-t on Pepper's gnat üagüsli Xouic-[AUÏI. J 