BUTTE HILL BURYING GROUND. i t I Tenanted Almost Wholly by Men Whe Died With Their Boots On. As the traveler approaches Billings from the east, he sees to the left of the railroad a large number of houses, mostly of primitive construction. There is a gap of open country and then comes Billings. That suburb is worth a visit. It is part of Montana's history. It is Coulson. The houses, with a single ex ception, are untenanted, and have been for some years. It is said that people coming to Billings find it difficult to get houses. But it is never suggested that the surplus population be gathered at Coulson. If there is not a first-class ghost story for every house in the de sorted town, then things are not as they should be. If you go to Coulson you must climb "Butte Hill" and see the Coulson burying-ground. Twenty-four men are buried there, and twenty-tlree. of them died with their lboots on. One day California Jack-every bor dor town had its California Jack staked his last twenty-dollar gold-piece it the faro table and lost it. He got up, feeling ugly, walked outdoors and into the restaurant which was near by. Several men were there, and a little waiter who knew California Jack in. timately was sitting on a table swinging his feet. "I'll shoot the first man that speaks," said California Jack. "What's the matter with you?" called out the waiter in a bantering tone. California Jack put his left hand on the little follow's shoulder and at the samo instant drew his pistol and shot his victim through the heart It was such a cold-blooded affair that the men in the place, usually ready, sat as ii paralyzed just long enough to let Cali fornin Jack swing himse!f upon his horse and get out of range. Then there was hasty recruiting of a posse, but it was too late. California Jack escaped and never came back to Conlson. That is the way one of the twenty three graves on "Butte Hill" was filled. The otller stories are like unto it Coul son was here before Billings was. It was the great outfitting point for the buffalo hunters. It was a frontier mne tropolis. When the railroad approached the Coulston people saw their townt a second Chicago. Coulson boomed until the railroad company built by it, got a section of land, a couple of miles fur ther west, and located Billings. It was proposed to connect the new torwn and the old. town with a street railroad. The cars were even ordered and re ceived. But the project went the way ol so many other schemes of the early days. People gra.oally moved away from Coulson untit only "Liver-Eating" John son remained. Mr. Jolhnson is credited with having taken 1,239 Sioux scalps. Once upon a time lihe and two compan ions had an unusually severe tussle with the "varmints." iMr. Johnson was so worked up oever the struggle that at the end of it he cut out the liver of an Indian and devoured it in the presence of his companions, who told the story. Ever since that timelhe has been known as "Liver-Eating" Johnson, and he makes no denial of the incident. The historical a-socrations at Coulson are not unpleasant to Mr. Johnson, and the ghost stories do soot disturb his slum. bers. 