'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION Notr , n'h it'll U the icornl — to have no appe tite yniir dinner, or to hare no dinner tor your -ijipctitc ! There are lots of people on the one side or | the other of this question. When 'good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Differ ent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a mail who ought to cat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of ' alteration and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer says, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived oil? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ' In the year 1889 I changed niy work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. Mv breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaton anything. Then I was | greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' ' We cannot wonder that under these circum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls 'a pricking sensation' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded,' he says, ' ' the thought of eating, and many a neanty meal hare' I made, for I teat afraid to eat. 'After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me lose a good deal of sleep.' What he means by the fear of ' something going to happen ' is, of course, the fear if some calamity, such as the loss of his posi tion, his own death of somebody dear to him This was due, as lie intimates, to the im poverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves,' nqd to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. ' With great difficulty,' he says, ' I stuck to my work,' for I liad a family depending on me. So I struggled oil, but what I suffered for over two 'years 'is past my powers of des cription. 1 am anre no one liax suffered #(- iiwrh -i« I liare dotic.' ' In the latter statement lie is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude wno are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only , we don't happen to ' come ih . touch with them. ' Well, the writer finally incntions that after all medical treatm'ent'hud left. him where it found him. he chanced to read ind book' of a case exactly like liis c/icii having been cured by Mother Seigel'n 'Syrup., 'My wife,' lie says, 'got nie a 'bottle at Mr. IjiingsKff's, in Woodlesfdrd/aiid ftf ter using its contents the ailment left me andlias neVer returned since fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have' bcen employed by' ttfe Midland Hallway Com pany for eleven years. ' , ' ; (Signed) '.Gkobge Hunt, : '» J , -Cat1 Bottom Road, ' ' Apperley iSridge, hear Leeds.' ' ' : Wje publish this' by Mr. ' Hunt's desire,^ in ,' order that part !of the1 'world at least niay know' how tjiankful he is an'd 'for What rcdson. ' Information reached Tumbarumbii (Oil Tuesday 'night of , a. fatal accident , which i occurred on Monday (it Ifobb's JHole, wlicre ji Jojridgeis being erected over tlie Tuiuut river, at O'Hehir's Crossui^ on tlie road to Kiandra land Y^Tangqbilly Cayes. The mep were loading pilep, ,ope of which slipped iind rolled over ou, A man nonied Heaps, ; better known as ' ' £iqb , Tell,', , a„ yery old resfdent in the district. Heaps was crushed 'to death int. mediately. 