Hen of Muscle. OF the wonderful athletes of all ages, Milo of Cretoa is perhaps the most known. He once ran a mile with an ox on his shoulders; then, with a blow of his fist, he killed the beast and ate it in one day. The strongest man could not take from Milo a pomegranate which he held between his two fingers, although a woman he loved is said to hare done it. He could break, by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. One day, being in a house with some pupils of Pytha goras, the ceiliDg threatened to fall in, but Milo supported the column on j which it rested, thus giving hiB friends time to escape. His death is well known. He tried to tear asunder the trunk of a tree, but his hands got pinched in the wood, and being unable to disengage them, he perished, devoured by wild beasts. Theagenes of Thasos, who, with a body like that of Apollo, and the strength of Hercules, surpassed all his rivals in all kinds of exercises, won over 1,400 prizes. Eurybate, Chilo, Euthymos, and Astydauius also won renown as won derful athletes. The strength of Samson is too well known to need description here. The Boman emperor Calus Julius Verus Maximus was a marvel of strength, being able to squeeze the hardest stone to powder with his fingers. He was upwards of eight feet in height, and his wife's bracelet could serve him as a finger ring. SalviuB of Borne could walk up a ladder carrying 200 pounds on his shoulders, 200 pounds in his hands, and 200 fastened to his feet. Athanatus could run round an arena carrying 500 pounds fastened to his feet. Iccus could hold the most furious bull and tear away his horns as easily as one would pull up radishes. Scanderberg, King of Albania, who lived in the fifteenth century, was reputed the strongest man of his time. He was a man of great stature, and the power of his arm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two men in halves with one single blow of his sword. Francis of Vivonne, Lord of Chas teignerave, who lived at the Court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Boufflers, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take from him a ball which he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up, with no support whatever, four strong soldiers could not move him; he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnesBed, and with that heavy load he promenaded the public square to the great delight of the inhabitants. At about the same time there lived a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and 10 men pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Saxony, was a man of great strength; he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a win dow a monk who paraded his palace, pretending to be a ghost. Augustus's son, the famous Maurice, Mar&chal; de Saxe, who commanded the French at Fontenoy, was also a man of great strength. On one occasion he twisted, with his fingers only, a long nail into a corkscrew, with which he drew the corks of half a dozen bottles. He could break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he had a row with a dustman, when he seized the man by the head, and, throwing him in the air, let him drop right in the middle of hiB own dust-cart. The only opponent who succeeded in re sisting him was a woman, a Mdlle. G-authier, an actress. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other's wrist, and after a long struggle she won, but with the greatest difficulty. The power of Mdlle Gauthier's arm was far beyond beyond the common, and with her fingers she could roll up silver plates as easily as any one would paper. Thomas Topham, born in London in 1710, was a man possessed of extra ordinary strength. He once lifted three casks of water and weighing in all 1,836 pounds. He is said to have had the combined strength of 12 men. He could bend a stout bar of iron by holding the two ends with hiB hands, placing the middle of the bar behind nis neck, and bringing the two ends forward. He coula also undo what he had done-that is, straighten the bar again, a much more difficult feat. He broke a rope fastened to the ground that would sustain 2,000 pounds wpight,and lifted an oak table six feet long with his teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the extremity. With one hand he raised a man Who weighed 27 stone. Onee, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carried away both man and box a long distance. It is said of him that, having been placed on some duty at the entrance gate of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach j to go through; on the driver whipping up nis horses and attempting to pass, Topham took hold of the hind wheels of the coach and upset it and its occupants into the roadway. Topham, who kept a public-house in Islington, had a wife who quarrelled with him to such an extent that she drove him to commit suicide. Her cules, Samson, Milo, and many other wonders of bodily strength, had to give way to a woman; so did Topnam, apparently. At about the same time as Topham there lived another wonderfully strong i man, Bichard Joy, whose feats may possibly have got mixed in records with those of Topham. Bichard Joy was already renowned for his marvel lous strength before Topham was born. He was commonly know as the " Kentish SamBon " and the " Strong Man of Kent." Among other things, he could cope successfully against any powerful horse, lift a ton weight, and snap a rope that bore 2,500 pounds without breaking, the latter being far more extraordinary than Topham's similar feat. He was drowned in a smuggling expedition some 10 years before Top ham's death, and ib buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church, near Broadstairs. A Scotchman, said to be the last of the Stuarts, was also possessed of extraordinary strength, from which circumstance he got the byname of Jemmy Strength. Among other feats he could carry a 24-pounder cannon, and had been know to lift a cartload of hay weighing a ton and a half upon his back. Many a time he took up a jackass, and, carrying it on his shoulders, walked through the toll gate. A Belgian giant could stand up under two tom. Jonathan Fowler, a Massachusetts fisherman, once walked out knee-deep through the mud and filth of a sea shore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it alive to the shore. The shark weighed 500 pounds-quite a load, considering that it was not the most portable of articles, and that the man had to wade through mud. Dr. "Winship, the well-known American athlete, raised from the ground 1,400 pounds. A seaman on board the celebrated cruiser, the Alabama, a Scotchman named Gill, could lift a man at arm's length with one hand. Abraham Lincoln, the martyr Presi dent, was a man of great strength. He could with one blow bury an axe in the trunk of a tree deeper than any other man, and is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon-house weighing 600 pounds. 