WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? .Mrs; H. H. Jennings lives at No, 211, Main | Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot j boards with her. The house is an old one, but | in good order. One night early in December ; (1891) the two women locked all the doors and | went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front pariour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. Butaathey went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right 111 the middle of the. room stood a dark mail of gigantic stature, J he upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eye* gleam* ing through the eyehole in it. His shirt* sleeves were ra.led up, unci in one liaml he carried a long, old-iashiomul pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no or.e in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? " During a recent period of ill health," ' writes an American friend, "I had slept badly ! for several successive nights. On the fourth I of theso nights about two o'clock, I was sud j denly aroused from a dose by what numid like, the catting of'my name ; and at the foot of tho bed stood the imago of my mother just as she looked iive years before, as she was leaving home to go 011 a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted, I was foolish enorgh to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yefc I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never pceu it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no cud to the tricks the nerves will play off 011 you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :—UI was so dreadfully nervous I could not bcur anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in Juno, 1889. I Blept very badly, and in tho morning felt little the better for having gone to bei. There was oiten a seveie pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and tho stomach and bowelB felt cold and dead. By-and-bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor Baid he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothiug but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothiug but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mra West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just us badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by tho end of tho week I wont down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion, The . original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had qiven now vigour to tho digestion and thus fed and toned tho nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sound* mean nothing marc or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts como from tho inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and cars entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 