TO THE EDITOB. Sir — I atn glad to see that the losses that are being sustained by private school teachers are being brought prominently before the public, as that gives some hope of the present position of affairs being remedied. A serious wrong is being done to numbers of people, but I allude more particularly to widow ladies, who for years past have eked out their income by taking scholars; but how they are to exist now will be a pro blem for those to face who made this thing law. We are told that we may apply to Government and they will (provided we pass the required standard), find us situations, but where ? I know of several teachers in charge of provisional schools which are situated far away from a township of any size, where there is little or no society, and where thearrangements for boarding are of the roughest description, and very often one or two miJes from the school, and the ladies who have charge of these are old employes of the Government, Eome whom I know in class A. Is it at all likely that we should be placed over these, even if we could leave our parents to go ? One of the rules, we were informed last year, was that the children were to attend the school nearest their place of residence. Do they do so ?— I am. &c.; , ANXIOUS. Unley, February 4, If 93. Sir— The action of the late Playford Ministry, the particular members of whioh, Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.P. for Sturb, in the Lower House, and, the Hon. W. Copley, in the Upper House, in introducing free education, have a stigma attaching to them. They de prived respectable private teachers of their living, and increased the burdens of the State. God only knows how these poor people may be . suffering through, the loss of their livelihood. It may be nothing to Mr. Copley, and yet he professes to be a religious man. Has he carried out the promise he made that for all private teachers who would be found eligible provision would be made in the State school , ser)fix» ? . The jnetiee-to all policy of the Playford team ought to assert itself at the present elections by their individually saying straight ' out that they will give consideration to private teachers, not .only so far as employment in State schools goes but also pecuniarily to . compensate all who have suffered. The sub ject has been brought up by some letters in your columns recently. The East Torrens district, represented by the Hon. Thomas Playford, M.P., has suffered, if I remember -rightly, more than any other district (I think the number of private sohools was about 23; how many have been closed I do not know), but that gentleman ought to be very severely handled for not carrying ont bis famous policy of justice to all, and I hope the private school teachers, one and all in that district, will bring him to book. It is monstrous, when we look at the state of France, Germany, Victoria, and the United States, thai we should be snuffing out valuable private schools where God's name iB honored, where the children are taught of a Saviour's love and the Divine spirit's (the Holy Ghost's) presence in the world, that we should be fostering a system of State education the enemy of our common Christianity. Lock at the cost — £23,000 lost to the revenue through free education, £10,600 smuggled into the Loan Bill for reproductive walls (?) to build new sohoolhouses, the living taken away from respectable Christian citizens to extend the influence of the devil, and the income tax raised. We are doing this, and we find French subjects taking their children away from the State schools (a regular stampede is going on), and placing them in the clerical and private schools, finding out that anarohy and socialism are bouud up with the State school system. As Dean Gregory stated the other day, the French are subscribing now more towards their private schools than they are doing in London. In South Australia we are always going into things when other people are find ing out they have been wrong, and this is the case particularly in the United States, where private sohools are increasing. Private teachers of East Torrens, tackle the member for your district. — I am, &c;, MERCATOR. P.S.— What an insult it is to Almighty God to teach agronomy in our schools when we refuse to acknowledge Xlis holy name in our schools. How can we expect His blessing by giving us fruitful seasons or prosperity. Is He to be ignored ? To continue this State system means destruction. 