AN EPISCOPAL CEREMONIAL. THE COADJUTOR BISHOP OF HOBART. CONSECRATED AT BALLARAT. BALLARAT, Sunday. The consecration of Dr. Dolaney as condjutor bishop of Ilobart took place to- day at tho 11 o'clock mass at St. Patriek's Cathedral, which was thronged in all parts, many being unable to obtain admission. Among tho oongro- gation was a largo numbor of representatives of Protectant denominations, who took considerable interest in the proceedings. Tho church digna- tarios in attendance included Dr. Carr, Arch bishop of Metbourno; Dr. Murphy, Archbishop of Ilobart; Dr. Rcville, Bishop of Bendigo; Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale ; Dean Becohnoir, of Launoosten ; Archdeacon Hogan, of Tas mania ; Father Henneberry, of Ilobart; Father «T» H. O'Connell, of Carlton ; and Father WaUhe, of St, Francis's Church, Mel bourne. Thorc was a numerous assemblage also of the clergy of tho Ballarat diocese, to gether with Messrs. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.O.; —Archer, ex-Rcgistrar-Gcneral ; D. Brophy and J. Coghlan, knights of tho order of Gregory tho Groat. Tho Papal Bull, authorising and appointing tho consecration of Dr. Dolaney as coadjutor Bishop of Hobarti, with the right of succession to the archbishopric, was read by Monsignor lloyne, V.G., after whioh tho cousccratiou ccromouy was performed by Arohbishop Carr, Assisted by Bishops Moore and Corbett. In parlibus infcdaliunit Dr. Dolaney is also Bishop of Larando, in Lyononia, in Asia, During the service Haydn's Imperial No. 3 Mass was sung by a powerful choir, under the leadership of Mr. John Lake, valuable assistance iu the rendition of tho great work being given by members of tho Church of England aud other Protestant choirs. The consecration sermon was prcaohed by the Rev. J. F, Rogers, who look for his text the 28th verse of the 20th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles F Take heed unto yourselves, unto all tho flook over which tho Holy Ghost hath appointed you bishops to rule the church of God." The rov. gentleman, in opening his dis course, observed that it had beon tho privilege of the congregation that day to assist at ono of the most solemn excroisos of religious ceremonial. By the command of the Suorcme Poutiff a priest had boen taken from amongst them, and pro moted to a position of great ominenoe, dignity and authority. Henceforth ho would be a watch man on tho towers of tho churoh, to take a part iu warding off any dangers with whioh the ohurcli should be threatened. As the Episcopal ring signified, Bishop Delaney would bo from that day united to the church by a muoh closer bond of union than heretofore. He would, ae occasion required, be entitled to take his plaes and mnko his voice heard in tho supreme councils of tho ohurch ; in a word, by his consecration he became a member of that illustrious lino of bishops which in dignity aud continuity ranked only second to the long and venerated line of Sovereign Pontiff. Father Rogers tbeo went on to refer to the significance of the ceremonies of the consocration with their symbolical meanings, saying they naturally sug gested tho beginnings of the ohurcb anil tho origin of the Catholic Episcopate. Therefore he (the preAohcr) had taken the words of St. Paul for his text. After describing the peculiar citoumstanccs in which those words of St. Paul were spoken, the preacher contended that there was a special graoo of God required for tho work of the ministry ; that the bishops of the Roman Catholic Church were the real successors of the Apostles. Ho quoted ex tensively from the Epistle of St Paul to tho Ephesinns illustrating the distinction between bishops and priests or ordinary ministers, And supported his argument with the testimony of tradition. In further illustration of the distinction bctweon bishops and priests, the rev. gentleman also quoted copi ously from ihe letters of St. Ignatius to to tbe Church of Smyrna and other churches on the coast of Asia Minor, and to St. Polycarpe, as showing most distinctly the superiority of bishops over priests. In the early days of the churoh, tbe preacher said, there was little call for the exorcise of the supreme pas torate of St. Peter, Of course there was occa sion for intervention on the part of the Pontiff when grave intorests were in question, or where important sees were concerned but as a rule the clergy and laity nominated a candidate, and submitted the nnmc to the Metropolitan, who conferred with his suffrogaus in council ; and in the event of their approving of tho nomina tion oonsecrated the bishop. Of couisc alt this procedure was in compliance with the canons enaoted by the Sovereign Pontiffs, and there fore such appointments in effect were made by the Holy See. There, however, came a timo— about the thirteenth . century— when the secular princes usurped tho functions of the laity, and tho successors of St. Peter felt in duty bound to take a decisive stand in the protection of the interests of the church. From that period (13th century) the appoint ments of bishops had rested wholly with the popes. Father Rogers next pointed out that the various grade of the heirarchy were but in accordance with God's plau of creation, and said that, as shown in the First Book of Genesis, God proceeded with the creation in distiuot lines, ail of whioh were to work in different way8,but all working for the Bame end, in perfect harmony. There were distinctions in Heaven (the chorus, choruhim, Ac., for instance), nnd in the realms of Bpace there were systems and systems, differing in magnitude and grandeur, yet all working in perfect unison. So ou reflection one found that the heirarohy of the churoh was but in accordance with the plan of the Almighty in ordering the world. The rev. gentleman next spoke at length on the dignity of the episcopacy, which according to the testimony of all ages numbered amongst its members men who by their sanctity, their lenruing nod their lovo of justice and right have done honor to their exalted position. He next referred to the great strides mado by the CAtholic Church in Australia, and concluded with a personal reference to the newly oon secrated bishop, bearing testimony to his mAny piiestly qualities, which would enable him to worthily exercise the high and distinguished office lie now held. Bishop Dolaney, ho further remarked, was about to proceod to a diocese where lingered the saintly memory of good Bishop Wilson, a diocese already happy in the possession of a supreme pastor who was distinguished by many estim able qualities. Ho referred to the vener- Able Arohbishop of Hobart, Dr. Murphy. Addressing Bishop Delaney on the throne within the railings, Father Rogers greeted him As follows : — "My lord, you will worthily main tain the traditions of tho diocese of Hobart in all things, showing an example of good works, in doctrine, in integrity, in gravity. You will, I feel sure, secure a waim and hearty welcome from the clergy and laity of Hobart, and with justice, for they are to be congratulated in securing the services of a prelate such as you. For tho rest I am express ing the wish of all here present, when I hope that your days may be long in tho land ; that your reign may be peaceful and happy, and that finally you may receive the reward of St. Paul on the great accounting day." The consecration ser mon, whioh occupied one hour in delivery, was considered to be ono of tho roost eloquent and poworful addresses ever heard in St. Patrick's Cathedral. At the conolusion of the ceremony BiBhop Delanev was warmly congratulated in tho sacristy by tho visiting prelates and clergy, and in the cathedral grounds ho received quite an ovation from the nsscmblcd laity. This was the second consecration iu St, Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat, the first ceremony taking place in 1884, when Bishop Moore received the mitre at tho hands of the late Archbishop Gould. In the afternoon the Bishop of Ballarat enter tained the Archbishops Carr and Murphy and otherdignitarie of the, church at luncheon at tbe palace, Lake Wendourcc. Numerous toasts were proposed and honored, including that of Tho Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart, Dr. Delaney, who made an appropriate reply. The company in cluded the Knights of tho Order of Gregory the Great, together with other laymen, both Protestant and Roman Catholic. The vespers at 7 o'clock were conducted by tho newly consecrated bishop in the presence of a numerous assemblage of clergy And a crowded congregation. Father Harrington occupied the pulpit. The choir sang with pleasing effeot the new Hymn, Esta Confessor, tho other special feature of the musical portion of tho service beiog the rendition by Miss Malcolm and Mr. J. W. Burton of Altna Radium Torus. At the- conolusion of vespers the League of the Cross presented Dr. Dolaney with an address, and testimonials are also to be presented to him by the Scoular Clergy, Men's Confraternity and the Catholic Young Men's Literary Society, Dr. Delaney is the youngest bishop ever oon secrated in tho Roman Catholic Church in this quarter of tho world, being only 42 years of age. For a long while past he lias been aoting as pri vate secretary to Bishop Moore. As a scholar ho has few, if any, equals, in the church in Australia, and as a lecturer and con versationalist, he is both convincing and pleasing in his style. Born in Galway, in the west of Ireland, he rcceivod his primaiy education from the Jesuits in his native parish, subsequently entering All Hallows College as a student of theology. Later on he proceeded to St. Supine College, iu France, and attended leotures at the Catholic University, fiually taking tho degree of bachelor of theo logy. Dr. Delaney continued his gouoral studies abroad, travelling through Italy, Spain, Russia and other countries, acquiring a know ledge of their respective languages; In one of the colleges he held the position of professor, but a few yeare ago, on his falling into bad health, he relinquished the appoint mont and eame j to the oolony, subse quently looating himself in tho diocese of Ballarat, at tho' invitation of Dr. Moore. Bishop Delaney, who urgod tho authorities at Rome not to oonfer episcopal honors upon him, it being his wish to remain in Ballarat as an ordinary working priest, has during his resi dence in Victoria taken considerable interest in political and other affairs. Ho lias boen a frequent contributor to to the periodical press, nnd at times he gave expression to his opinions on interesting topics in the columns of tho dally newspapers. One of his ablost efforts as a journalist was perhaps the letter published in 'J he Age some months ago on land monopoly And tho alleged withdrawal of the Sir Samuel Wilson subscriptions to various societies in the colony. 