lf]|§ | Weapons of lystery. ? 0 ? ? ? CHAPTER X. THE COMING 01'' THE NIGIIT. 'This is serious,' said Tom Temple. ' I have inquired of the servants, whs as sured me of their entire ignorance of tho matter, and I cannot think that any of my guests would apsurae the person of the traditional ghost for no other pur pose than to frighten the housekeeper and two or three servants. I'm by no means superstitious, but I do not see how I can trace it to human origin.' ' I cannot see why any guest should assume the person of the traditional ghost, but some men have deep design ing minds. They are like clever draught players ; they see half a dozen moves ahead, and so do that which to a novice appears meaningless and absurd.' Then I heard another voice, one that caused my heart to beat wildly. It was Gertrude Forrest's. ' 1 Mr. Kaffar says be can guess who the person is who has personated j|this ghost,' she said ; ' I think it is fair to every guest that ho should speak out.' ' I would not like to say,' he said in sultingly ; ' perchanee I should wound your tender feelings too deeply.' ' Mr. Kaffar will remember he's speak ing to a lady, I'm sure,' said Tom Temple. ? jraraon me, sa.a jvairar, excueaiy , ?I forgot I was in. England, where men are the slaves of the ladies. With us it is different. We speak' and they obey. I forgot I was not in Egypt. I have done very wrong. I implore the lady's pardon.' ' I see no meaning in your words,' said Miss Forrest, quietly, ' therefore I see nothing to forgive.' 'Ah, I live again. A heavy load is gone from my heart ! I have not melted the lady's displeasure.' 'Still itb'.nb it right, if you han* grounds for suspecting any one, that we-i should know,' said a voice ; ' oth?rwise-'j some one may be wrongly accused.' ♦ Do not ask me,' said Kaffar* ' Ask Mr. Blake.' . Instantly all eyes wero turned on me, and, do as I might, I could not help an uncomfortable flash rising in my face. ' I do not know what Mr. Kaffar means,' I replied, ' I am as ignorant as to the origin of the ghost as he ie, perhaps more so.' Instantly Kaffar leapt from his chair, and came np to me, his hands clenched, his black eyes gleaming his teeth set to gether as if in a terrible rage. '? You are a liar and a villain!' he screamed. ' Ah, remember this morn ing. I accused him, gentlemen, of being connected with this ghost only to-day, and he flushed guiltily and was silent. He looked like a Judas who betrayed his master.' ' Quietly, please,' I replied. 1 You did come to me this morning with some foolish jargon about my being connected with last night's affair, but I was so sur prised, by the absurdity and foolishness of suoh a thing, that I could not answer you before you ran away.' ' You hear 7' shrieked the Egyptian. ? So surprised, wasjhe 1 If he was, it Was because I had found him out.' ' This man is mad,' I said. ' Surely he ought to be shut up.' eM&d;, ami?' he shrieked, 'Yes, and you are a liar, a coward, a villain ? You are engaged in a fiendish plot ; you are deceiving an innocent lady. Ah, I spurn you,, spit upon you.' 'Mr. Kaffar,' said Tom Temple, 'really this cannot be allowed. You N must remember you are among gentle men and ladies. Please act accord ingly.' C,.'.Iiadie3 there are, gentlemen there are,' shrieked the Egyptian ; ' but he' — pointing at mc — ' is no gentleman. He is;at once a viper, a villain, and a coward. I leave this house ; I renounce pleasant sooiety ; I leave this country — for ever ; but before I go I would like to fight hand to hand with that giant, who ? Ha !' He stood close to me and spat at me. ' There !' be cried, and then he struck me in the face with all his stfShgth. Instantly I leapt to my feet. This insult was too great. I could scarcely restrain from striking him to tho ground I mastered myself, howover, and so did not touch him. ' I leave this house,' ho said wildly. ' Herd, send on my baggage to Cairo. But '—turning to me — ' you I challenge -—you, with your big body and trained arms ! But, ban ! you darn'nt fight. You are a mooning coward.' He rushed out of the room as ho spoke and a minuto later I heard the hall door Blammed with vehemence. At that moment I became possessed of a torriblo passion. I seemed to be mad. I Jonged to avenge the insults that had been offered. I looked around the room, and all seemed astounded at the behaviour of the Egyptian, save J Voltaire, who was apologizing in pro fuse terms for his friend. As I looked at his terrible eyes, my passion became greater, and I felt I could not govern myself if I stayed in tho room. I think some one camo up to me, and congratu lated mo on my coolness in dealing with tho man who had insulted mo so ; but I did not listen — I could not. An over mastering impulso laid hold of mo to follow the Egyptian, and I dimly re member going into tho hall and out into tho silent night. . I' knew the probability was that I should bo followed, but I did not know where to go, when I seemed to hear voices all around mo uttering tho words ' Drearwater Pond !' With that I started running with all my might, knowing not where, yet dimly remember ing that I had gone the road beforo. Then all memory and consciousness ccascd. CHAPTER XI. BARK DREAMS AND NIGHT SHADOWS. I Suppose I must have gone on blindly some time, for when I again became conscious I stood beside a river, : while tall trees waved their leafless branches overhead. Stvangc noises fill the air. Sometimes wailing sounds were wafted to me, which presently changed into hisses, until it seemed as if a thousand serpents were creeping all around me. Tho waters of tho river looked black, while above mo were weird, fantastic forms leaping in the stillness of the night. No words were spoken, no lan guage was uuerea, save unit, ui wuiuug and hissing, and that somehow was in distinct, as if it existed in fancy and not in reality. By-and-by, however, I heard a voice. j ' Onward !' it said, and I became un conscious. Again I realized my existence in a vague shadowy way. I stood beneath i he mined walls of an eastern temple. Huge columns arose in the atr, sur mounted by colossal architraves, while tho ponderous stones of which the tem ple was built were covered with lichen. Large gray lizards crawled in and out among thesj crevices of the rocks, and seemed to laugh as they sported amidst what was once the expression of a great religious system, out. wmuu waa uira terrible in its woird desolation- By and- by the great building seemed to assume its original shape, and became inhabited by white-robed priests, who ministered to the people who came to worship. I watched eagerly, but they faded faway, leaving nothing save the feeling that a terrible presence filled the place. I heard a noise behind ; I turned and saw Kaffar, his blaok eyes shining, while in his hand ho held a gleaming knne. Me luted it above nis neaa as u to strike ; but I had the strength of ten 1 men, and I hurled him from me. He looked at me with a savage leer. ' Onward ! ' said a distant voice. The temple vanished, and with it 'all my realization of life, save a vague fancy that I was moving somewhere, I I kne.v not where. I stood by a \ oll-reme rhered spot. I was by the side of Drer . water Pond. Around me was a stre ch of common land, on which grew heather and furze. In front of me were noiseless waters, a Mismal sight at the best of timee, but 'C/V-ful as I saw them. (To be Continued). 