WILDFLOWEE. » ? BOOK VI. CHAPTER IT. — (Continued). Sometimes — for Avice never decided on a certain day — Edward Clifton was absent, and on those occasions she started for home an Viour earlier, and got there before the great lamp was i|t in the hall .of Olverton House, and thus it happened on the day we mention, in paxticftlar — a black letter day for Avice Hern in her calendar of recol lections — that her affianced bad gone on business for hie mother to the next town, and Mrs. Clifton wasi with the exception of Hie servants, the only inmate of the Shrubbery. There was many a merrr 5es* OVGr *ne occurrence when Avice had taken her bon net off, and was smoothing the plain bands of her gloBBy black hair, and Mrs. Clifton, who was in a facetious mood, feigned to detect signs of bitter disappoint ment on the blushing face of Avice Hern, who wifh the ' most musical laugh in the world, replied, ' Bhe was not disappointed in the least — she had come to see Mrs. Clifton, and not her son— oh, dear no ! — snd there -were times,' she added, ' when the rougher lex only spoiled pleasant ladies' chat with their awkward comments — fimes when their minds were as nnbend iag as their )5acks, and they could not con descend to listen to what Mrs. So-and-so eaid, or to hear what a fine baby Mrs, So-and-so's infant had grown. They had tea by the firelight, and a long gosBip about village affairs, Avice's pensioners, and Mrs. Clifton's visits to the pOOr — which were, rumor asserted, not generally acceptable, there being too fine a lady air about her Christian missions. Aviee began to think about returning. «0h! nonsense,' said Mra. Clifton, 'I'm quite alone this evening, and you must keep me company, my dear Avice. Mr. Stanmore will send the carriage if you are not home before dark.' ' But why should I give my guardian that trouble ' replied Avice, ' unless jou ? ' I ' To b« sure I do,' interrupted the brisk I lady. ' There, leave it all to Mr. Stan I more, he will not forgat you. Do you I know, my dear Avice, if I were Edward,' I with a merry laugh, ' I Bhould be jealous I of Mr. Stanmore.' I Avice joined in the iaugh against her I Ee]f — there was eometbiwfr irresistibly I ridiculous in Edward being jealous o£ her I guardian. I ' Yes, yon must stop,' said Mrs. Clifton, I 'and I have another inducement to hold I out, which even niy strong minded Avice I cannot withstand.' I Mrs. Clifton smiled, and nodded her I head mysteriously. I Avice waited for an explanation. I 'My dear boy was in. so great a hurry to I depart this morning, that be left his keys I k the study door,' said Mrs. Clifton, rub I ting her fat white hands together in high I gleo. ' Think of seeing his study, Avice, I it books, his poems- — finding out all his I leoittta — what & temptation for a be I frothed 1' I ' Does Edward always keep his study I locked ?'* asked Avice, gravely. I 'Oh ? he is as jeaions as Bluebeard I iout it,' replied the mother ; ' and now I &i; patent lock he took so much trouble i I to have placed on the door is fitted with. I the key 1. You seet these cunning gentle I men PometimeB over-reach themselves, Ayice.' ' I do not think that it would be tight I to intrude upon his hermitage,' said Avice, 'to pry with our jealous- eyes into his manuscript writings, or to seek to know the secrets of his hours of study. Oh 1 ' no,' added Avice, ' indeed I could not go.' Mrs. Clifton, whether conscious or un conecious of the sword of Damocles hang ing by the hair in that guarded chamber, laughed at her scruples and exclaimed — ' What, his wife tnat is to be I Is he to have secrets from you, Avice ?' ' He tells me that he haB none.' ' Then how can he feel offended?' ' I do not believe that he would feel offended 1' said Avice, musingly. ' I am sure that if I had my study, my room of bcoks and papers, I should be proud of Edward taking an interest in its contents, and making his own notes on the subject of my reveries.' ' To be sure,' said Mrs. Clifton j ' and so would he. Do you know, I fancy he must have left his study door purposely un locked — the vain young man. He wanted his poems read by a certain pair of bright eyes, and «was too bashful an author to devise other means of placing his effusions before his Avice. Ah, that's the riddle — there cannot be a doubt about it.' Avic* thought it might be so — but still Bhe hesitated. *? Come, iny daughter, come,' said Mrs. Clifton, persuaeively passing an arm round Avice, ' I am sure that it will please you, and I know there is nothing Edward would 'wish to keep sealed from his future wife. It's only the inquieitiveness of servants he is guarded against, nothing more than that. Why, I often go in myself to put the room to rights, or he would be buried in dust and litters. I have read his poetry too some timeB — it's very clever.'. Mrs. Clifton was quite correct, Edward did not offer any objection, to his mother's presence in the study, for h« was there himself, and could keep a strict eye on her wanderings, and dart malignant glances at the dainty ?white cloth with which she brushed right and left, and ecattered his manuscripts. If he were in a good temper, proud of himself, and elated with Ms last composition,' he 'would venture to make Ids mother his audience, And read aloud an effusion from his pen, she standing in the middle of the room with her^clean duster folded to her bosom, and the tears of motherly . pride swimming in Her eyes. There was no glowing criticism too good for those poems. They were high flown, and thoughtful, and deep ; he was very clever— he was the centre of the poetical system, and Byron, Scott, and Moore, but satellites revolving round him—what a great man he might be if he only gave Ms mind io it! : . And what greater temptation coiild there Have been offered to Avice Hern than her lore!** thoughts, her own Edward's poetry — the study door unlocked— the mother for a guide! Had not the; mother feeen initiated iato the Elenmnia— -then why not Avice ? Ah ! why P So they went upstairs to the study of -Edward Clifton, and Avice Hern, heroine of this book though she be, proved her claim to a share of the great legacy left by her mother Eve, and went like Fatima to the blue chamber, with all Fatdma's cariosity. Pardon, her, gentle reader, for her woman's fault — ther* is a penalty for trespassing on forbidden ground, and hers, poor girl, will be a heavy one, and if she is npt forgiven, let the young lady who has had the opportunity to learn all her lover's secrets, and not availed herself of it, cast the nrst stone. Oh, Wildfiower—Wildflower, thou Iiad'st much, better have remained a heroine full of all noble, self-denying actions, worthy of chronicling in this volume octavo ; thou hadst better have gone home alone on the dark country road, than have waited for the carriage and the company of thine own cruel thoughts — better a dream wherein thine ignorance was bliss, than a waking wherein thy knowledge was despair. They stood in the study— the mother and Avice, and there was light enough from the long widow to guide them to the secrets of the student, after Mrs. Clifton had drawn up the Venetian blind, and let the grey glimmer of the fading day cast its ghastly reflection on them. Avice was soon absorbed in the books, carefully perusing the mar ginal noteB written by Edward's own hand tremblingly taking up a page or two of manuscript, and reading the closely Vritten lines with reverence. She stdod by the window poring over the records, wondering why Edward had said so little about them — there were such evident proofs of real talent sparkling throughout — talent so far above the amateur's. After a .while she laid them aside to talk to Mrs. Clifton, and discovered, to her surprise, that that lady had softly stolen from the room. WHn.fc fl. lrmCP aiirvflr /vp fcT»«a a+.Tn^-«r olio took then, as she gazed around her — she felt she loved her clever Edward more than ever on that evening — that she understood him better, and was more fond of him, and of the prize she had gained in the lottery of life. Oh I what a happy girl she was ! — did she ever dream of her years gliding so smoothly, or of her timid blushing hopes being fulfilled to the letter of her desire in the far off days when she was a poor little child, and went to school at Miss Wrickerfcon's in a muddy back street ? Shs could have knelt down in that silent -chamber, and thanked God for so much mercy — every minute alone was a boon above prica. It was eweet to stand in that room consecrated to him and his thoughts, and to draw her picture of the future— ??-& Clifton in that capacious chair by the table — Clifton with a name won amongst men — a great author, perhaps ! — to picture him sitting there and she leaning over him eilejttly and rever ently, watching the progress of the pen as it moved to the spirit of mind. There was a large book with brass clasps upon the desk, a strongly bound book which she had overlooked until that mo ment. Should she peep in? Would be object ?— he whose thoughts were all her own ! 'My diabyT7 Oh, how could she Hesitate now ? His diary! wherein she would read of herself, of what the silly fellow had written in the fervor of love, in those glowing moments after he had come home from Olverton House, full of romance and his Avice. ' Did he remember everything as she remembered it in her heart — of the con versations so idla to others, so dear to themselves?' she thought as she stole softly acrosB the room, fearful of waking ita echoes. Her hand was on the book, she delibe rated and looked towards the window, and at the sky beyond it, dark enough now for the glitter of the stars. ' It's growing very dark,' she murmured, ' and wicked little spy that I am, I shall be jnstly served if I cannot read a line.' She turned the leaves over carelessly, then earnestly, searching for one date — the first bright spot in her womanhood, when he struck the chords of her deepest feelings, and woke up a harmony. The ink was very dark, the paper white and gleaming, and every letter seemed starting into life. Oh, Avice Hern, didst thou dream it was the great Book of Fate, whose Sybiline leaves rustled at the touch of thy light hand? Unconsciously she sang softly to herself as she looked for that-one date, unheeding the strange confessions on each page she passed over. She paused — tnere was a bright smile— the last sunny smiie for many a long day, as the page was found, and the sought-for date discovered. 'Jtjlt 7th, 18- ? 1' , * . _ * ? ?? *? Good gracious J why, Avice, my dear daughter, what is the matter? Avice — Avice, don't you hear me ! ' But the despairing figure of the young woman made no sign. Her arms were stretched out, the white hands were droop-, ing nervelessly over the desk, and the faca was buried amongst the leaveB of that grisly volume, the wild heap -of blacfe hair was flowing over arms and hands and face ; . it was a shadow in that room of shadows of a deep humiliation. ' I'll get s light/' cried Mrs, Clifton j ' dear me, how exceedingly foolish, to come up again in the dark 1 Here, Jane, Mary, Ellen,' .calling over the 'banisters, 'alight if you please-— a light I 'V When she turned round onco more Avice was bj her -side,, and -gazing at her -so vacantly that the frightened lady felt the blood freezing 4n her veins. - ' What's the matter, Avics dear?' she faltered otiti--— ?«...' ' Nothing—- nptnin^,' replied Avice, in a husky whisper. 'Wtatia there to be the matter with m» ? I feel a headache,' she said, sweeping her handover her cold fore head, and pushing back a look or two of her rich disordered hair. 'I — I think that I mtfBt hav* been asleep.' One of the servantsmade her appearance with a light, but Avice was alzeadyion the landing, and had closed the study door, 'Have yon had a fright, my dear child?' asked Mrs. Clifton, eoHcitouely, perhaps a little too eolicitonsly. '** It was very silly of me to leave you in that gloomy xooity bat 1 thought— I don'jfcksow why now— that you wp&ld; not miss meiBpx a moment or two. I was very foolish to go away, and you — oh, dear, dear me,' she cried, now _real^r alarmed, 'how ver^ white and strange you look, my love, toi-e Bure,' '' ' . ? ;? ? - ' : ? ' - -: ?' -- -J^etnsgV4ownstalrs,' cried Avice, as Bhe ieast a shuddering glance over her shoulder, at the door of the room they had quitted. 'Oh, do let us go downrauy where — anywhere away from here.' She hurried downstairs followed by the nervous Mrs. Clifton, whilst the startled maid with the lighted candle stole back to her fellow servants witjh- the appalling news of Miss Hern having seen a ghost in Mr. Clifton's study. And what a ghost it was that had' sprung from the. book, and . laid Jts- icy hands on the warm heart of the maiden, when the clasps— like the seal of Solomon on the Genii's chest, had been unfastened, and there were no more secrets to be learned. The lady and guest were in the draw ing-room ; there was a bright lamp on the round table in th« centre of the room, and Mrs. Clifton sat with the light f oil on her face, waiting patiently for an explanation from Avice. There was a hoop of tiny diamonds on one finger of Avice, and it sparkled mock ingly from the hands before the face. It was a gift of Clifton's — the first ring and the last. Mrs. Clifton fidgeted and colored, and at last ejaculated — ?'Well, my dear?' ' Has the carriage come?' asked Avice, dropping her hands, and staring eagerly at the lady. ' Not yet, Avice, oh ! no-^-not yet,' she replied. . ' Mr. Stanmore never sends till an hour after dark, you know.'j 'Ah! true.' ' But, my dear good girl,' entreated the lady, ' what is the matter P What does it all mean? Tour manner has nearly frightened me to /death. I declare I can hardly draw a breath, now.' The same weary vacant look settled on Avice's features as she answered — ' I do not know — I cannot tell this moment; — another time, to-morrow, to morrow.' « But ? ' ' Oh I let me go home,' she said in a low wailing tone. ' Oh ! do let me go home, dear madam. I shall die if you keep me here. I must go home.' She started up from the chair, in which she had sunk helplessly on entering the room, and moved towards the door. Mrs. Clifton hastened to intercept her. ' I shall be quite well to-morrow, Mrs. Clifton,' said Avice, assuming h«r own quiaf voice as if by magic, 'but you must let me go home, now, I feel -very ill — I have a dreadful headache.' \ 'Certainly you shall go, my dear,' assented Mrs. Clifton, ringing the bell, 'but what can I give you? — a glass of wine, a ? ' ' Nothing — nothing !' 'Very weU, but — Jones, Miss Hern's bonnet and shawl from my room, and mine and ? ' ' Yours !' cried Avice, abrnptly. ' I would not let you go alone for the whole world,' replied Mrs. Clifton, in her most emphatic manner, 'and Jane, tell the coachman to put the horses in the brougham directly ; do you hear F' Avice made no further remonstrance, she had not the power. She sank into the chair by the door again, and once more the hands were instinctively raised to cover her pallid face. Mrs. Clifton spoke no more ; there was a shade as of some deep contrition on her anxious countenance, and she inwardly prayed for Edward's return, for the servant with Avice's things, for the grating of the carriage wheels outside, anything but that awful silence, and that figure of despair sitting by the door. They were both in the carriage at last, and rattling towards Olverton House. The journey did not take more than 10 or 15 minutes, but it was a long age to both the women, neither of whom spoke a word. Once Mrs. Clifton thought Avice had fallen asleep, she lay back so still and calm, and at another time a terrible feeling of dread lest she had died by her sid« took posses sion of her, and it required all her nerve in the latter case to put forth a hand and touch Avico, and find by the wild start that it was a living toxin, by which she was sitting. They were at Olverton House. The ser vant was letting down the carriage steps, the hall door was open, and a flood of light from its glaring lamp was streaming into the black night. As Avice came tottering into the hall, Mr. Stanmore with some papers in his hand— the Old story. of ' The State' — came from a side door, and stopped in the act of passing to the car peted -stairs. 'GoodGodl what's all this?' he fried, turning as pale as Avice, whose looks im plored no questioning, 'is she hurt — has there been an accident? Will you please to sp'eak, Mrs. Clifton, and put an end to this suspense?' *«I don't know what it is— J! don't know what it is !' cried Mrs. Clifton, wringing hex hands in her perplexity. - 'I did not think that — no, I don't know — how should If' ???'.'? ' Avice?' cried Stanmore, turning to his ward. ? . 'Oh! dear sir, it is nothing,' faltered A vice, ' a faintness, a heavy kind of stupor, which is going away now, thank you. I shall be better when I am in my room— I think I will go at once to bed^ and have a good, long sleep. Tell Mary to follow me with a light someone, please. You are all so needlessly alarmed, it makes me laugh— yes, I will go to bed^ good night, Mra. Stanmore ; good night, Mr,— Mr. jDlifimi..; I fihalKfee quite well S& morrow-— I shaU, indeed.' .„ , . . ; She : hurried up the stairs, leaving Stan more and the lady staring at each other she flew into her own' room* closed- and double-looked the- door, and then orouoh ing in her old attitude by the bedside— but oh! with what different feelings tor that night in which the robber stole her heart — she gav« way at last, and sobbed as if that heart would break. ' - {TO SB COKTONDBD.) 