* The Jockey Ring. Thd committee of the Victoria .RacingClub have, according to Mr. Frank Madden, framed their now -rule prohibiting jockeys from bottinjr under penalty of suspension or disqualification because' " evox'yone knew that a ring of jockeys existed, and that these men made airrangements in raoos for their own individual benefit." This astounding statement was repeated "with deliberation," and endorsed by other members of the club. The public generally are in the habit of regarding jockeys as moro lads who get fined for disobedience to tho starter's orders in public, and who ns ofton as not gob thrashed, like solioolboys, by thoir eniployeis when they lose a race. A littlo reflection alears away such an erroneous impression in the minds oven of, thoso leUHt acquainted with racing matters, "but allowing that tlie majority of jockeys are young men from twenty-four to thirty-five years of age, it still seems incredible that however thoy might desire to "arrange" a race for their individual benefit, they should have the -power to accomplish their nefarious design. Jockeys, no doubt, ai*e very, skilful in: deceiving- tlio general / spectators into the belief that they are striving their hardest to win a race , when; in reality they are exorcising all their ingenuity to lose it decently, but trainers and owners are not to be deceived. They' know what the horse can do, and they are familiar with every trick of riding. Very/few jockeys are trusted to exercise their; own discretion in riding a race. They have orders, and rf I they disobey them :the'y find it very hard to get 'their excuses accepted. There is no lack of skilful -jockeys, and an owner never hesitates to dismiss one who displease him. How they could form a ring to the exclusion of owners and trainers is inexplicable. It is still , more; .mysterious how the " ring" is to be broken -up by prohibiting jockeys from betting. None of them- dare bet openly against their own mouiits under the existing conditions, and the neiv rules could not "prevent secret betting. Accepting the statement that a ring of jockeys oxists, the means adopted to/ break it up are 'ridiculously.^inadequate. Jockeys could exert no infiuence unless trainers and owners needed their assistance to further ".arrangements" about which the public who attend races must know nothing./ Every, member of a racing club knows , that owners do arrange to race their horses to deceive the bandicapper; that theyv do agree amongst themselves which horses are to try and win; and that they use influence : to induce an owner to withdraw a horse which would upset their calculations. It may be fair sport to instruct a jockey to win a race by as little advantage as possible; but it'cannot bo reckoned honourable to instruct a jockey to "bore" an opponent, to make false starts, or to deliberately hold back until it is impossible ;to win, lot tho horso gallop its hardest. It is notorious that jockeys are instructed by their employers to ride so as to lose a race with such skill that the stewards may, if an enquiry is demanded, lot them oil with tlio warning "not to'do it again." Under these circumstances it becomes probablo that the jockeys, tired of pulling chestnuts out of the fire .for others to enjoy, occasionally keep one. for1 themselves. " - The Victorian Racing Club committee : taoitly acknowledge that the jockoy ring is not tho only turf scandal, by , the now .rules concerning tho liconsing of traiuors. Mr. .lfrank Madden,, speaking on" the necessity of increased'stringency, said that " sitting in committee they had strange things often before them, and found that on one day' a horse was owned by one individual and trained, by another, hut tho next clay tho owner and train or of tho animal were different people altogether." The reason for suoh sudden changes of ownership and responsibility are obvious, and more than once cases have been brought before the V.R.C. committee which would havo led to the expulsion of a member from tho club and tho disqualification of tho trainer of twenty or thirty horses for an important raco, if a scapegoat could not ho found. Tho committee must ho deemed to bo in earnest in their endeavours to put an end to dishonest racing, hut as men of nouraon it soems strange that thoy should provide for "ghost" trainers by a system of annual licensing and leave tho question of ohange of ownership untouched. The whole matter for discussion was plainly put by Mir. J. Whittingham, who bluntly said that " horse racing in nine cases out of ton was simply a commercial transaction, and, as suoh, it boliovod the V.R.O. committoo to soo that it was honest." Racing is no more sport to owners, trainers and jookoys than plays aro entertainment to theatre proprietors, actors and scene shifters. It is tho public who maintain them, and racing clubs will find that in tho long run honesty to tho public pays the host. The horso owner and his myrmidons make most of their profit by hotting,' hut thoy oould not got bets unless tho public assisted them by maintaining bookmakers, In oldon times owners used to bet amongst themselves, but they soon found the "profession" or amusement too expensive. The bootmaker is really the broker between the public and the professional racing man. The professional always lias the advantage of knowing: his chance of winning before the public, and of being able to guage that chance - more accurately. lie. can get longer odds on his horses, and can " hedge" if better horses come into the field, long before the public.; . These advantages are the lights of professional, racers, and: the public- willingly concede them. The rank cheating and dishonesty .which surrounds horse-racing is.due to the lack of firmness on .the 'part of committees, reluctant to give tip the privileges of considering the sport an amateur entertainment, while: eager to grasp the profits of it as a businoss: Instead of clearing out the tricksters and' swindlers of the profession they are tolerated by . upright members, because a profit is to-be made out of them. " Non olet.'' The gains to be derived from betting against a " nobbled" horse are hot considered to disgrace the men who take them, provided they are not known as active participators in the swindle. 