DOINGS III AUSTRALIA AND THEREABOUT. (obrontoled bt randolph bedford., A WEEKLY RESUME OF HAPPEN- 1NQ3 WITHIN THE FEDERATION- TO-BE f (fepyrttfAf 1993, Thi Fdml AttoeUiion of JournaUtts. Melbourne, 5th December. In the year of disgrace '93» a cor 5 jury, by direction of the coroner, h j that one James Costello, who was. refused admission to the Melbourne Hosp'tal, and who died some few hours jaier, w"u . died anyway, and that nobody was to blame Costello, a quarryman, was struck by tne handle of a winch, causing partial paralysis and a few superficial wounds. A tciiow- workman took him to the hospital, where Dr. Player treated him as suffering only from a cut in the head. Player was asked to admit Costello to the hospital and refused, saying, "There is nothing the matter with him, he's shamming. Dempsey took his mate to the Alfred Hospital where he was admitted and intelligently treated. However, he died next morning. The natural direct con clusion from all this is that if Player doesn t know enough to differentiate between shamming and paralysis, he has just sufficient medical knowledge to be a success as a journeyman butcher, and no more. AJr. You!, on ' the other hand, says that the "depressed financial state of Melbourne, and the insufficient accommodation caused the refusal of admission to Costello, but the man couldn't live anyway, and the doctor was not to blame." Whether the man was cast for death or not matters little, it is sufficient for us to know that he was refused adequate treatment. Cause—" the depressed financial state." Cause of that again—" the bank boodltrs who weep about the injustice of their prosecution by the law." It would appcar;that the dethroned Gods of Victoria ire the cause of everything. Meanwhile Janies Costello is exceedingly dead — said death has been rendered more unbearable by :he refusal of a scenaught doctor; This js a ijreat country to have your back broken in— really it is. . . , i_ a Premier Patterson goes to the Alps, that good old explorer, LandsSecretary Howitt, \- piloting him - to Omeo by a new track. Lands-Minister M'lntyre has landed at the . Bluff. (M.L.)i and is to be shown all over the .village settlements and the meat-freezing works ' by officers of the Maoriland Govern ment/who will point out the Moa and the Dodo, and the Woman's . Suffrage # League, and other things while they are resting timselves. Webb, the Minister for Agriculture, who has done nothing much since he captured his portfolio, and the perfunctory M'Coll, are not going anywhere up to .date. This alleged "back bone' ministry is a dreary failure after all. Patterson is strong, but so' is a steam roller, and we don't make a Premier of a steam roller — that is not very often. As for the rest of the team, my possession of about a gallon of the milk of human kindness, prevents the mentioning them further. One otherwise law-abiding man will ever be execrated by an obscure few for having con cern in the conversion of an inoffensive postman, into a glorified book-fiend, whose head might have been a head very long ago, but which now has the appearance of having been dumped in a wool press. To the uninitiated a reportorial post on a Metropolitan daily seems a fine thing, when it is really a miserable existence, that is to the man who has any opinion of his own, and is something more than a king parrot. The standard of daily journalism is such that in any big population 90 per cent, ot the available literary ability is attracted to the weeklies and magazines. The daily paper is the literature of the mass, and, therefore, neither the good nor the bad are wanted, but only the mediocre — the people who know just enough to avoid winding up their theatrical critique with " It rook well .and gave pleasure to all." The men who are too good to remain reporters all their lives, are as much outside the daily as the men who have sufficient journalistic ability to be. clerks and pot enough .to write ; paragraphs; about railway : returns or to record the dodderings of the fat men of the legislature. Why don't these incapables do something else, -say. you? . Because, in- out living the glamourrtime when, they thought reportoriarwork ; was all honor and glory, they Have out-lived. all fitness for anything but halting paragraphs and death. . The shamelessly-sweating evening papers pay these incapables anything . from ten shillings tb a pound a week for doing-all the news" of ..a suburban ; district, Young- in- capables, middle-aged, careless mediocrities. -old;men,wh6 were once fairly successful and have dropped out of the running, fill these positions. One of these suburban corres pondents'. died the other day, allegedly of inflammation of the bowels. Men who knew this unfortunate, say the inflammation -was only .a result— that the cause was starvation. While this man died of simply want ot .tucker, a; dull; und respectable, -section 01 reporters award themselves medals — (why not tripe by the way)— and the rag which employed the. dead, scribbler talks holily pf the diity 'we owe our fellows, and is published in an atmosphere half meanness, and .' half cant. The journalist is always - poor, and. therefore, has a direct interest -in 'breaking down the monopolies . of . .land and opportunity which are only kept alive by the advocacy of a daily, press, one half, corrup tion and the other half blockhead, "and yet the journalist goes on. from decade to decade, supporting his natural enemy. These things make me very, veiy tired. I always; write verse when I ,am weary. .See some here. You must" understand that a sub editor's duty is not so much to put things into the paper as to keep things out, i.e., things that reflect on the man with the Paris hat. Now then, ghost of the starved corres pondent, and mediocrities who will, go the same way in the logical course of events, are, you listening? This is the news hack's end— (his is his bitter meed- He who has earned his bread by daily destroying; the truth, ' - He who hath sold himself to the Rag in his daily need— ... ; / Ruthless tho truth he slew— now docs he know no rutli — Renegades all from tho men of tho people, whose men are ye— ... Spies for tlic enemy, slain at last by the enemy. ; Ve have grown old In lies. Dees of the dally nig ! ' Closing your eyes to the truth ; writing as you've been hired ; Drowuing a new world's cry with wboops for a king-curscd flag; Helping to stamp on them by whom ye were borne and sired ; And at last, when your eyes are dim with the Rag- work's premature age, The cashier rules your account in red and turns to the new slave's page. Men of the many are ye— Claqucrs are ye for tbo Few, But '"cm PooP,e's men, earning by lying your By upholding llie old which is dead, by stifling the Good which is New— The mass would reach sooner the spoil, but ye make the way slip from their feet; For yc of the army of wrong arc worse than the soldiers' of swords, They deal for tlic few paltry wounds— ye fight with indelibto words. Blind arc ycl Blind are ye all! that yo seo not the People's strength, Blind are ye! BUnd are ye all all I that yo seo not tlic foe's decay ; Desert yo your taskmaster's ranks 'ere the war-shock come at length, .And yc tarry so long In the dark that your eyes gravv blind to iho day. tie ,yur foesi Truth is your Follow om following Rags I Lead on tho Print. At the City Boot Shop at the comer of George and Cameron Streols, Launceston Mr B. Young is now allowing a aplendfd col lection of hoots, shoes slippers etc., all easy fitting and good wear. Tue famous cham pion kip bluchers and genls calf boots, Derby or Oxford cut are also in stock at this estab lishment. 