THE SCRAP ALBUM. (Open to Casual Contributors.) During the past Bix months 29,820 rations have been issued to the indigent at a cost of £2344. Ad award has been made to the South Bulli colliery for its exhibit at the Chicago Exhibition. Mr. T. W. Hungerford's horse The Dreamer has been plaoed in the hands of Mr. T. C. Clibborn, Sydney, for private sale. In the Assembly on Tuesday night a resolution, proposed by Mr. M'Gowen, in favour of a bill to prohibit the sale of liquor on election days, was passed after a warm debate. The numbers of births, deaths, and mar riages registered by the local District Registrar for the quarter ending September 30 were as follows :— Births, 67 ; deaths, 23 ; marriages, 11. In a statement presented to the House Bhowing the places and number of persons sent to fossick for gold up to the 30th Sep tember last, there were between 80 and 90 placeB mentioned, and 1033 persons had been sent away. Notice has been given by Mr. Rae that he intends to move a motion in the Legislative Assembly affirrcing that the Parliamentary franchise should be con ferred on women under the same condi tions as it is enjoyed by men. Mr. Eddy, the South Australian butter expert, speaks in high terms of the excel lent keeping qualities of the 10 to 12 tons of butter which will form the first consign ment to England under the butter bonus system, and which is being shipped by the Oruba. Mr. Valentine, the New Zealand dairy expert, has been addressing the leading Chambers of Commerce in the North of England, in the hope of enlisting their support to the proposal to make direet con signments of dairy products from New Zealand to Liverpool. Six thousand coalminers who were em ployed in the smaller pits in England have resumed work at the old rate of wages. The large collieries continue closed. One hundred thousand miners in Wales have re ceived 1£- per cent, advanoe on the rate of wages at first offered by the mine proprie tors. All who have sluggish livers should hear Mr. John Henry's Shakesperian recitals in the Town ^HaU on Saturday night next. Amongst his impersonations (in character) will be Shylock, Macbeth, Hamlet, Ham let's Ghost,' Henry the Fifth, Falstafl, As You Like It, Comedy of Errors, and All's Well That Ends Well I Travelling enter tainments aro not to be compared I* The Shoalhaven News says the concert recently given at Nowra by a party of Wol longong amateurs, in aid of the Edwards Memorial Fund, was highly successful throughout, and the programme was cer tainly one of the best in point of merit ever submitted by amateurs to a Nowra audi ence. An ingenious swindle at the Jamberoo raceB last weok was the purse trick. The cunning which the swindler displayed in changing the purse containing three sove reigns for one with three half-pennies oould hardly be deteoted, and in conse quence his victims were numerous. Extensive repairs to tho Southern Coal Company's jetty at Port Kembla aro about i to be made, and many now pilos will be i put in- i Ownors of all dogs not registered before tho 14th instant will be liable to prose ju- tion. The numbor registered up to the present time is far short of last year's registrations. At. the meeting of the Pride of Illawarra Lodge of tho Grand Unitod Order ot Odd follows, held in tho Oddfollows' Hall, Bulli, tho other night, notice was given for dis cussion at tho next quarterly meeting that thoy hold their annual demonstration on Box'ng Day, December 28, 1893. Tho Rov. H. W. Taylor, of St. Aiuus tinu's, Bulli, has decided to louve for Burrowa in response to an invitutiou to acoept rolieving work for a few weeks. Mr. Taylor, whose place will be fillod by Rev. F. Richmond, of Burrowa, will return to the parish before tho end of October. The Bulli Oddfellows aro already on the move in preparation for their annual demonstration on Boxing Day, which for years past has been an established institu tion, so well established indeed that no attempt is made to mar its success by the organisation of oounter attractions of a public nature. Mr. D. L. Dymock was addressing an audience in front of the Illawarra Lake Hotel, Brownsville, on Saturday afternoon, when an engine came whistling and screeching past on the railway in front. Mr. Dymock, not wishing to talk down the noise of tho engine, said — ' What a nuisance this railway in Illawarra ' is !' His auditory laughed, but their smile was not the smile which moans ' Amen.' In the Assembly on Tuesday night a motion by Mr. Haynes that the interven tion of H.M.S. Katoomba, one of the vessels of the Auxiliary Squadron, in the trouble at Samoa was a grave infraction of the termB of the naval agreement entered into betweon Great Britain and the colonies was carried on division by 29 vote to 11, ths Government voting with the minority. We most heartily recommeud. Wolfe'B Schnapps as a pure invigorant, good alike to men, women, and even infants. It tones and braces up the system and aids digestion. One pound orders are placnd under the labels of many of the large bottles. To secure the genuine article buy a whole bottle, and don't bo imposed upon by imita tions. Wolfe's Schnapps is a well-known and well-tried stimulant, and was sold fifty years ago by chemist] as a tonic.* The Bomb-) workmen's picnic tikes place on Saturday next on Bode's grounds. As on previous years, the Railway Commis sioners will convey the party free of (charge. It is expected that the party will consist of upwards of two hundred. An energetic committee has been appointed to' draft and carry out a liberal programme of Bporta, and with the further acquisition of the Wollongong Town Band, and fine weather, a most enjoyable day should be spent by all. The mission at St. Joseph's Church, Bulli, which has been so ably conduoted by the Rev. Father Reginald for the last two weeks, and has been attended throughout with great success, was brought to a clo9» on Sunday last, when there was a very large attendance to hear the eloquent preacher. Father Reginald belongs to one of the mis sionary orders of the churoh— the passion ists— and the success of his ministrations (says the Times ) Is due to his powerful and eloquent appeals to his congregations to do all which is true and noble in life. It will be seen from advertisements In this issue that Mr. John Henry has volun teered to appear before the public of Wol longong in a new character. On Saturday night, in the Town Hall, he will give a lecture entertainment, entitled ' Shakes peare and His Characters,' with recitals and character impersonations. The entertainment will be edifying, instructive, and amusing, with more of the latter. The proceeds of the entertainment will be handed over to the entertainer, so that all who believe in patronising local industry and talent should roll up and shake off dull care. The public are warned against being im posed upon by an unprincipled person who ;a distributing circulars broadcast purport ing to come from the well-known sweep promoter to the effect that until further notice all communications are to be ad dressed to G.' Price Fullerton, G.P.O., Sydney. We might state that Tattersal has already shifted his office to Brisbane, aB per advertisement in our columns, and further add that G. Price Fullerton has been gazetted by the New South Wales Government, and no letters addressed to such a person will be delivered. At a meeting of the Gerringong Council on Monday a report of tho registered dairies in the borough waB received and adopted. Out of 1900 cattle inspected some fifteen were diseased and ordered to be destroyed. Reference was made to the very satisfactory state of all the premises inspected. t A letter was also received from the Shellharbor Steam Navigation Company, giving the Council notice that the company would not require the store at Boat Barbour any longer. This Is due to the fact that the Company have ceased running their steamer to Gerringong owing to slackness of trade. Of late years the Government havo ex pended a large amount of money on the Gerringong jetty. The final meeting of the Keira Football Club was held at the Paradise Skating Rink on Wednesday last. On the field the club, although not very successful, has held its own with the . majority of the clubs played against, and considering the fact that two-thirds of tjie players never touched a ball till this season, it augurs well for the future of the club. A satisfactory cash balance is in hand, and the club decided to present the local cricket club with a guinea trophy. Special votes of thanks were ac corded Messrs. Brook and Wilkins, treasurer and sooretary. It was also de cided to withdraw from the South Ooast Union in support of the Kiamaand Gerrin gong clubs. A hen belonging to Mrs. Temple, Market street, Wollongong, the other day hatohed a chicken with three eyos and three beaks, rho chicken or abortion did not live. A hen belonging to Mr. Sloan, Onmpbell-st,, devolopod a ohickon which, when tho egg shell was broken, was found to havo four legs. This chioken or freak of nature did not live. The chicken belonging to Mr. Arthur Mend, Koira-street, with nine toes on each foot, which was hatched tho other day, is still alive and doing well. Tho children havo made a pot of it and it baB now bccomo quito tame. Last night Mr. Slattery was to xnovo in tho Assembly that a messago bo sont to tho Council asking that tho Coal Minoa Regulation Bill be proceeded with. Mr. G. D. Clark had given notice of his inten tion to movo — 'That, in view of tho manifold evils arising from tho traffic in intoxicating liquors and the widespread demand for roform, this Houbo is of opin ion that a bill should be passtd into law at tho earliest possible moment providing for tho taking of a plebiscite vote of the men and women of the country on tho distinct isBtie of prohibition.' Tho returns at Newcastle of various kind-! for tho past nine months havo just been issued. They bear, all round, a very unfavorable comparison with those of a corresponding period of the previous year. Commencing with the total revonne re ceived from Customs duties, harbor duties, otc., in 1892 the returns' for tho.firat nine months amounted to £142,797, in 1893 they havo only roaohed £114,947, showing a deficiency of £27,850. For the similar period, 1892, they show the export of coal to havo been 516,000 ton*, while that of the present year only reaohes 385,344, a decrease of 130,716 tons. A meeting «f magistrates was held in the Town Hall, Wollongong, yesterday after neon, the Mayor (Mr. J. A. Beatson) pre siding. It was stated that replies had already been received from most of the magistrates in tho district stating that thoy were in favor of a tostimunial being pre sented to Mr. Badham, P.M., on the occa sion of hiB departure from Wollongong, and that they would be glad to join in the movement. The wording and form of the testimonial were agreed upon, and the date for the presentation was fixed. Other necessary arrangements were made. Mr. John Henry in tragedy, comedy, and farce ! He will give Shakesp»arian Recitals in the Town Hall, Wollongong, on Satur day night [at 8 o'clock. Reserved Seats at tho Front for Ladies. Admission, 6d and 3d.* ? _ ? ? ? 