POET OU VERSIFIER? to tub kllltoll of the age. SIR,— Somo little tiins ago when looking tin ougit tbo jiiilitili vvili Gttliviy otfcluiogttol wits Btruck with certain lines of voroe attached to pioturo 493, id the Australian room. Abovo them ran tho legend : Tho following lines na thiHpictmc lmve boon contributed to tiie cata logue by ono of tbo professors of tbo University of Molbourne The eastern sky Is roihlenlng with tho dawn And all th' empurpled hilln are topi with ilro. Kucli crag a living flame. Below, tho Htreaia, Ualf bidden by the ferns, swift winds along Its rocky path. Hard by, tlio kangaroo Crops tho green herbage, innocent, accure. Tbo tuusio of tbo forest Sh uwaUo, And butterflies flash out among tho fiowors. When reading them, and laughing at them, I thought of Frofeosor Tuoker's coining lecture aud almoat imagined him taking theso words as a kind of model ot what was not poetry. They are suoh absolutely bad art, so purposeless, bo bald in Bentimont and devoid of any connection, bo incongruous nnd so helplessly picturesque, that their only raison detre is presumably to aotmafoil to a poor painting. Thcro is so much bad vcrao published nowadays that Professor ' Tucker should bo ntnoloss for illustrations of had vorae, and one is therefore tho moro disappointed that ho has allowed himself to overlook tho work of a hundred poclaatcra whose writings pass as current coin, aud has proceeded to castigate a great poet — one of whom wo know too little, and whom wo understand too unfeelingly to bo able to afford to hear him jeered at as a 11 versi fier." Of cour«o I refer to Swinburne. That his genius is different nltogothor from that of Wordsworth, Drowning or Tonnyoon is at onco admitted. lie is undoubtedly the utronceat dramatiu poot of tho Victorian era, but that ho is also aa great a lyrio.il aud narrative poet I must also contend. Take for a moment's consideration the poem of Swinburne's that Professor Tucker seems to hold up as a specimen of verse lacking tho warmth of true puetry. In what does the vitality of his ncousution consist? Apparently in tho faot that tho poein produces a different effect on our emotions frotn that prodnoed by certain stanzaB from In Memorial). This is a most dangerous proceeding— to contrast the dis similar morifci of two by no means analogous poems in order to estimate their rcspeotivo values ns poetry. It iH a motliod that has been tho bftuo of oritioism from all time. Instond of letting each work appeal for itself to the emotions that are in peculiar sympathy with it, wo would fain take one particular method or mould aud test everything oho by tho fact of conformity or otherwise with the arbi trary standard wo thus sot up ! Dccauao fomo poetry is 44 sweet," and other "exquiaite," must that which doos not aptly deserve theno titles bo not petry ? Would ono for a moment think of npplying either of these attributes to Samson Agoniste, for inHtHitoo. Is it thereforo not a poem? Or to Hermann and Dorothea? Or to ICiug Lear ? Or to most epic ami trngio poems? The question answers itself, and shows how dangerous it is to try to test— oven by tbo virtue of a French definition— -the rights of suoh aa ethereal and divinely illimitable thing ..a.true poetry. 44 Thnt which comes from the heart goes to ' tlio heart and that can for ovor be tbo only tost of a new, or for that matter oveu of tin old, poet. For it is after all a mutter for individual judgment and feeling; there will alwayR bo many people in tbe world for whom Slmk- pearc, Dante, Goethe, Tennyson arc no poets, and mnny to whom Deothoven, Schubert, Wagner, say nothing, and nro therefore not musicians. I cannot allow Professor Tucker to settlo for me that Swinburne is ainero vcrniflcr, and uo doubt thoro will be many who think ns I do, and foel thnt Swinburno is a true poet and not a pretender, decked out with a crown of rhyme and lilting, meaningless syU lubies, which crumbles iuto dust when one touches its leaves and flowers. This is not tho place to state all one's reasons for differing from tbo udverso criticism of Swinburne'i work. I may bo allowed, however, to take tire poem of Swinburno whioh ProfesBor Tucker quotes, and point out what ecoin to rno the cliaiactoriatics which distinguish ic from mere verse. It is called A FORSAKEN GARDEN. In a coign of the cliff between lowland and high land, At tho sea down's edgo botween windward and lee, Walled round with rocks as an inland island, Tho ghost of a gardon fronts tho sea. A girdle ot brushwood and thorn encloses Tho steep square ulopo of the bloriaouilcss bod, Where tho weeds that grew green from tho gravel of its ruses Now Ho dead. In all, thore are nino vorscs in the poem, of whioh this is the first. The atmosphcro of the whole poem is neither 14 light nor warmth," as Professor Tucker seems to wish it to be. It is un atmouphorc of cold forsuknnness and bitter loneliness, of a place whoso life and memories are fled, and which is loft barren and untenanted Have of tho wild sea winds nnd erics of sea birds. Its old iovo aud swoetnuss aro gouc, aud from tho thicket of thorns, whenco tho nightingale calls not, GouUUho call, there wore never a rose to reply, llere there was laughing of old, thoro was weeping, Haply, of lovers none ever will know, Whose oyus went seaward, a hundred sleeping Years ago. All are at one uow, roses and lovers, Not known of the cliffs and tho fields aud the sea. And so the poet's thought sweeps ou to contem plate tho pussiug of things earthly and beautiful, and with a tear-swept heart beholds the desola tion of ccasoless wind and sea and change, and all things nhrinking and stretched out by death till nt last As a god iclf-slain on his own strango altar Death lies dead. How fntilo to seek for sweetness and exquisite- ness as the atmosphere of such a bitterly despairing song. Yot it is a song framed in a inood easily ouough conceived and felt. Its streugth and intensity of feeling find a wonder fully fine utid pootical expression iu tbe metre and language adopted. And that fact— that it in true and strong feeling expressed by means of Us appropriate aud most significant rhythm — stamps it ns poetry. It iu emphatically not "nye«re word picture,' for Its elfeot upon tho sympathetic render is to bring feelings and action before him rather than Bcenes. Through tho soughing melody of the verse can oue hear the very pitiless meaning of 'the wind? Is not tho offoct of the short, sharp, cold words at tho ond of the first stanza purely a great emotional ono. But Professor Tucker certainly appears to have goue wrong on a most essential point when he 8uys, 44 The versifier is he who cannot go beyond exquisite expression at the most." What lie 44 exquisite expression " possible then apart from tho peculiar flucncss and intensity of emotiou, whioh alone can produco it? Can it be thueffcet of any other cause than exquisito emotion. Suroly not. Tho poet only oan reach 'ex quisite expression " in rythmical words, and » ia his glory as an artist when be doos this. Ac cording to Professor Tucker's own admission Swinburno does it, and yet because in doing it hs does not in some particular poem call up curt/un predominant feeliugs he is forsooth no poet I Polished verso is distinguished from poetry, l should any, by apparently attaining exquiaiw expression. But it is only appearance and hol low form, and etandB not at nil before the touch of sincerity and eiqotional truth. Swinburne s work will fitand, for it throbs with a real soul and deep passion, aud will bo marked among tiie poetry of tho true poets ns rich, passionate ana living. I would end by quotiug to Swinburne hia own words— O hoart, whose heating blood was running song, O nolo thing, sweeter than thine own songs were, Help us tor thy froo love's sake to be free, Truo for thy truth's sake, for thy strengths saw strong ; . Till very liberty make clean and fair. The nursing earth as the'sepulchrol sea. Yours, &c..; F- S. DELMER Trinity College, 4tU June. 