MUNICIPAL. FIVE DOCK. Meeting held April 27. Present : Alder men Croker, West, Myler, and M'Fndyen. In tho absence of tho Mayor Alderman Croker was voted to the chair. The follow- ing correspondence was dealt with : — From Alderman lv. C. Ghost, forwarding his resig nation as alderman for Fast Ward, the step being rendered necessary owing to the firm of which he is a member having voluntarily sequestrated its estate — the resignation was accepted with regret ; from the Mayor, inti mating that with the view of facilitating the work of assessment he had instructed Mr. Greville to attend at the council-chambers 011 Monday morning at 9 o'clock to perform 1 such work as the council-clerk might direct ; j from 0. A. Shorwin, in reply to council's letter of the 14th inst., and declining to pay increased rent for the park by Lhe payment of rates; from Frank Lamb, lion, secretary Excelsior Association, drawing the council's attention to a nuisance arising from skins and oll'al kept on the promises of T. M'Greal, North Five Dock, ami asking for steps to be j taken to put a stop to 1 lie nuisance ; Irom ; the council's bank (E.S. and A.G.), notifying ; the opening of trust accounts ; from Henry 1 Charles Prit chard, applying for a small piece j of beach between Abbotsford Wharf and the ; Sydney Bowing Club sheds, for the purpose = of erecting a small boat-letting mid refresh- ! ment shop. Some discussion ensued with respect to the borough finances, but in the absence of the Mayor it was decided to allow the matter to stand over. AUBUKN. Meeting held April 24. Present: The Mayor (Alderman George Wright), Alder men Furnival, Dyer, Roper, Thomas, Ewart, Ritchie, Taylor, and BlackcL. A letter was j received from E. Warren, stating that at the j request of a number of ratepayers ho had com- j menecd emptying pans, and exploring his | willingness lo conform to the wishes of the council iu the matter — referred to general purposes committee. From the Treasury, stating that £150 had been placed to the credit of the council in the City Bank. The works committee recommended that several questions be submitted to the Municipal Association for opinion as to the liability of j councils in completing footways at the time of repairing carriage-ways. The Mayor's I aeiion iu re-openimr an account at the I Bank of New. South Wales was validated on j 1)11! recommendation of the finance com- ; milieu. The following tenders were ac- ' i«."pted: — Metal, E. Yanderslegen ; work in j Normanby-road, J. J. Young. ' 