Sandom Headings. ; XTp -to snuff-a nose. Tragedian: . I only know two bad actors.' Critic; . Who is the other one ?' The Was licit-woman, like the poet, spends . a good deal of time over a line, and finds : life full of hard rnhs. Mrs. Gadabout: * What sort of person is . Mrs. Mildman, who has moved into the next house to you?' Mrs. Chafler: 'I don't think much of her. Between you ? and me I think she is next door to an idiot.' Mrs. Gadabout (innocently) : 'I think so, too, my dear.' Lucy: ' Fll telly^u news! Witherby Witherspoon. is secretly engaged to Nina Nimbly I' Marnier 'Bow do you know!* \- Lucy: ' Well, Nina,. told. Florence. Flo . rence told Margery, Margery told Ada, Ada told Clara, and Clara told me. Now, l)e sure and don't tell anybody. It's a dead secret.' The same.-Paterfamilias (to the suitor for his daughter's -hand): ' Young man, \- are your expectations equal to those of my ? daughter ?' Mr. Downlippe (hastily)Ex actly, sir. The Bight Hind.-Mrs. Portly Pompous : . * Do you understand how to cook pro perly ?' Bridget: ' Indade, mum, I do. .The policeman who used to call on me in my last place was a regular epicae.' No Loss.-Old gentleman (at his daugh ter's wedding) : ' My dear, I don't see how I am to get along without you.' Bride: ' Oh, that'll be all right, pa. Since the ceremony was performed my husband Ha«a ? confessed that he hasn't enough saved to go into housekeeping, so you won't lose me after all.' To the manner born.-'Well/ said the. lawyer to the rural witness. * how far was 'it from your house to the road?' 'Well, sir,' said the -witness, * I reckin hit was " 'bout a acre an' a-half.' ' Idiot!' cried the lawyer, ' How many yards was it"?' Well, sir,' replied the witness, ' ther was ? only one yard, an' that wur my yard, an' \- hit ain't fenced in, nuther!' Landlady (who has just presented her "weekly bill) : 'I *ope, ma'am, as you find the bracing, air agrees with you and your . good gentleman, ma'm ?' Lady: * Oh, yes, our appetites, are wonderfully improved. At home we only eat two loaves daily, and -I find from your account that we can now manage iive.' Goodun: 'The wages of sin is death.' Badrm: * Yes; and -when they are paid it is ?? a fellow's own ghost that walks.' ' When a woman,'" says Mrs, Partington, '' has once married with a congealing heart, and one that beats responsible to her own, she will never -want to enter the maritime -state again.' Bibbe; * Jenkins is a man who has a . great deal of dry humour about him.' Jabbs: '? I should say so. I have bought Mm a dozen drinks in an evening, and he kept getting drier all the time.' She: ' I do so love this delightful wea ' ther-this beautiful, bright sunshine I' He: ' And I abominate it! Fm in the coal ? trade, you know, and all this miserable fine -weather plays the deuce with it.5 Guest: 'Say, waiter, are you positive -that this is wild duck I am eating?' 'Waiter: ' Oh, yes, sir; so wild, in fact, we had-to chase it round the back yard for fifteen minutes before we could catch it.' Detective (hurriedly) : ' Where did that fellow go who just ran to the hotel?' ?Citizen (still rubbing the toe that the fugitive stepped on): ' I-don't know, but I hope he'll go where I told "him to.' Bird fancier: * This parrot I can recom mend. He has only one fault-he makes a terrible row if he does not get his dinner ^promptly.' Widow: * I will take him. He will remind me of my late husband.' He: ' How do.you know but I am a mar iried man ?' She: ' You would not be so .afraid to propose if you were a married man.' Young husband: ' I want you to love . and trust me.' Young wife: 'I can love .-you, Charlie, but I can't trust you.' (He had married his tailor's daughter). Substantial Credit.-Hobbs-. 'I think ;young Smith deserves a lot of credit for keeping up so fine an establishment on so ; email an income.' Dobbs : ' Well, he gets -it. He owes pretty nearly everybody .-around town.' Honey bees drove a grocer out of his :fitore, in their eargerness to absorb his .-sugar. Bat in about 10 minutes they be .came so weighed with sand that they fell .to the floor, and the grocer swept them >out. 'Tommy, what are you doing in the poultry yard I' cried Mrs. Sural to her off .spring, who was mi-ring poisonous colours wit&i; the chickens' drinking -water. ' I'm trying to make the hens lay Easter eggs,' lie replied. Tom: 'How are yojii getting on with your bicycle riding ?' | Dick: « I - spend mosfc jpf my time gettan^on/ 