UNDER THE VERANDAH. Mr. Gillies deolincs to be shipped off to tho other side of tbo globo, and tho members of tho Government are just a trifle disconcerted. They had made so suro of his going, you kttSV. If he had refused tho Agency- General and announced his intention of attending the Chicago Exhibition, they would have been loss put about. But there is something ominous in file brusqueness with which he prcolaims that "his duty lies here." Why could it not lie somewhoro elso, they are asking. Also, what may not this astutepolitioian regard as his " duty " when Parliament meets and the trouble begins ? Of course the Ministry chose him for tho ambassadorial post solely on aceount of his surpassing merit, and without tho slightest desire to get rid of a dangerous sup porter. That foot must be apparent to everybody. Still, wiiat does the leader whom Mr. Patterson displaced mean when he writes that ho " appreciates " their offer? Tho word "apprcoiate " I find explained in tho dictionary as— " to estimato justly," "to set a just value on." Mr. Gillies then sets a just value on tho Ministry's action. One would like to know what that value is, just. Timco Danaos ct dona fcrenia, represents tho mental attitude of tho Victorian people towards the project of an Australian Customs Union whioh tho Chamber of Commerce and tho Employers' Union nro proffering. Why should we continue to erect barriers over our bridges and koep an army of watolif ul officials patrolling our border rivers, they ask. Lot us not wait for political federation which bids fair to be delayed until the Greek Kalends, but let us at once give and tako frooly amongst ourselves. Admirable sentiment ! Everybody recognises tho absurdity of maintaining those unneighborly customs, and would woloome free-trade across tho borders. But how about the cheap labor countries outside ? Intercolonial freo-trado and protcotion against the outer world i That is tiio popular cry ; but whon it was formally pre sented at tho Customs Union Conference tho fat boiled over. Any step you like in the direction of free- trade, tho Customs Union pro pagandists exclaimed, but not a word about pro tection. Thank you for nothing, gentlemen. Call on the next conforence. Melbourne is not a city of philosophers by a long way. Its people, as a rule, dearly love ex citement, and when they cannot got it in one direotion rush after it in another. Four or five years baok one could not perambulate a couple of blocks without being told of a few hundred speculators who had made an enormouB for tune in a day by purohasing real estate at double its valuo, and selling it again at a prodigious ad vance. Tho cry then was;— "Did you hear what astrokeSo-and-somade yesterday? Netted £155,000 at a single venture. He's going to start a bank." Now it's otberwise; but the folly is as stupendous. Tho same quidnuncsliurry up and down asking : — "Did you hear that So- and-so has called . n meeting of his creditors ? Ho owes over a hundred thousand. Hasn't a penny to bless himself with." According to these gentry, whereas, formerly, wo were all to be millionaires, now we are all to be bankrupts. For .my poor part, I did not beliovo them when they scattorod fortunes around, and I am still more incredulous whon they prophesy that overy thing is going to the "demnition bow wows." Australia is fnmouB for its bucking horses, but it hnB been reserved for Mr. Allison .Smith to provide it witli buoking locomotives. According to tho ovidenoo given before the Smith- Smyth Inquiry Board, groat ingenuity has been mani fested in constructing railway engines in such a way that whon driven . forward they plunge dosporatoly. When this tostimony was being tendered, a . member of the board, Mr. Aire- hurst, remarked " I don't understand that. I can understand a horsoooining down on its nose, but not an engine. " Whereupon tho witness rojoincd — " the alterations had the effeot of pushing tho front wheels forward and making .the engine rock in tho centre.". Rock in the centra ! Could words bo devised more graphic ally describing tho motion of a buokjumpor? It cost £2000 or £3000 to tame theso engines, although the process was simplo enough, namely, removingnll tho looal oxcroscoucos and returning to tho model set forth in tho plans furnished from England. Those wild engines were ticketed " Y," and the common .remark relative to them among the uuderlingsof the department was— Y indeed? Tho Ballarat city council is mortally offended with our Marine Board for making a fuss over somo acoidcnt which befel an exoutsion steamer on Lake Wendouree. Tho steamer went to the bottom, but as it had not far to go and tho innocent excursionists only guessed that it hnd sunk from tho faot of its making less headway than usual, the aouncil fancies tho board might find somo other way of employing its time. Perhaps it might. An accident, attended with loss of life, has just ocourred at its own doors, and so far as iB known, no investigation by the Marino Board haB been instituted. I allude to the recent boating fatality in Albort Park. The sheet of water, there, is not unlike Lake Wendoureo, only tho perils attending its naviga tion appear to be greater. Yet the bonrd has made no sign. What wonder the Ballarat burghers mistrust this inland activity on tho part of our anolent mariners when they Beo them thus heedless regarding disasters occur ring within tram ride of their office ? The board is evidently at its wit's end for employment, and must feel in its innermost soul, if a bonrd has a soul, that it ought to bo " retrenched." It was a sultry day, and she Was a matron who may have been slim enough whon in her teens, but had bccomo a jjrptty good pennyworth for an nutomatio weighing machine since. I watohed her as she waddled along the shady sido of Collins-street, and imagined that she must cordially concur In Hamlet's aspiration, "Oh, that this too too solid flesh would melt !" Some of it nppoared to bo melting, but not onough. To add to. her trouble she carried more top hamper than the season needed, here, in Vic toria, at all events. Had she been wandering about Siberia it would havo bcon different. Just then she was brought up all standing, as it wero, in front of that dainty window decked out to resemble an old country sido in time of snow. Tho thick falling flakes, white oarpcted ground and frosted holly, tho robin redbreasts and the snow man, gave her a view which seemed to carry her baok to ohildhood, and as sho wiped her perspiring face with her handkerchief she inhaled a long breath as though the crisp air pff an ioo bound lake were entering- -her. lungs. Then she hastened on again, qyidently iii dread' of catching cold. It was a real triumph of mind over matter. ,, ( t, ' "J Extremes meet. Tho Pope, representative 'of ultra- Conservatism in religionV has taken advan tage of the latest nehicvcraenfc'MpVsoJeuiflojin-, vention to transmit his blessing tothe- faithful- in the Amorjcan Union. Leo. XIII., delivering bis benediotion into a phonograph would mako an instructive historical picture, and, if the supernatural ndjunots appertaining to high art wero insisted on, the triumphant spirits of Joliaun Faust, Copcrnious and Galileo might be depicted as dominating tho speotaclo. When the benediotion comes to be ground off at the open ing of the Chicago show tho scone will be prosaio by comparison. If this modo of mechanical blessing is to become common, it will bo almost necessary to have a wax figure dressed to re- somblo tho occupant of tho Papal ohair. Tho ugly phonograph could be ooncealed behind tho effigy and tho sounds made to issue through tho iattor's mouth. There would be no difficulty, likewise, in making the lips move and the hands outstrctoh in orthodox fashion, whon the tabloau would bo complete. The innovation might prove dangerous, as, after a time, the belief would ariso that the mechanical figure was sufficient for all useful purposes, and that tho troublo and cost attendant on the support of a live liiorarch could be disnensed with. This advertisement appeared in Saturday's Age:— "Lady, susceptible, wants oultnre as medium." Medium culture is an occupation whioh is unrepresented at the Autumn Exhibi tion, and I have no means of knowing how it is carried on. If a lady, no matter how suscep tible, wero oonsigned to mo to be cultured into a medium, I should uot have the ghost of an idea what ought to bo done with her. Most of the mediums to whom I hnvo been introduced shut their oyes nnd reel off platitudes' by the hour. Possibly, tlion, the preliminary process would bo to induce a condition of "sloop, beautiful aleop but how about the talking ? It is proverbially difficult to induco a woman to talk, although, perhaps, in a state of coma she might be led to break tho silence which customarily environs her. Thon there are the twitehings and jerks. All mediums twitah and jerk. As an art, that sort of thing would bo easily, attained, Idarosnyj but as the produot of cultivation doses of stryohnino may havo to bo administered before tho regulation spasm is ensured. Is there any conservatory where a spiritualistic student oould see a medium developed? Of all tho mysteries " which crowd the columns of the evening papers none aro more mysterious to the uninitiated than tho records of cricketing contests. Here, for instanoe, is n report of the match between Viotoria and South Australia. What does the reporter mean when he writes "This brought Stuokey in front of Amos, and ha got through tho over safely, though he did not quite liko his third ball,'! I ean understand a man not liking the third ball, or, for tho matter of that, tho othor two cither, when ho has parted with his waioh for a trifling advance; and if the three balls indicate any difficulty of that sort, Stuokey has my sym pathy. Lator on we are told "Amos bowled a maiden to Lewis, and Jones resumed tbo attack on Stuokey." Why attack Stuokey? Amos ought to havo been attacked for bowling a maidon, an obviously improper proceeding. Stuokey was well cmployod, for the account says that he " now made a pretty stroke by glaneing the 'demon' to the chains, bringing 12 into view." Driving a demon to the chains, whon 12 woro in viow, was good work. Next thing, " Stuokey out Jones deep ; " so Jones, it seems, had not tho best of tho attaok. But what on earth does this imply? "Then Jones got a trimmer past Lewis, which only wanted another ooat of paint." Or this? "Stuokey lifted Amos's first of the next ovor to point, but Tar- diff failed to got up.", A oriokcter who would not " got up " to see a good match must boa confirmed sluggard. But, perhaps, I have missed tho noint.. Very likely. ATTIOUS. 