A FEARFUL CAB RIDE. t HAD taken a carriage to go home from I" the meeting of the Benevolent Flannel •sociation, of which I am n member, for it , a pouring rain, and no umbrella was of .my avail; and we had gone just about half a mile tlirongh the dismal streets, when the driver suddenly stopped, and called through tlio liltlc window on the roof— " Madam." " Well," said L _ " Could you do me a favour—me and a poor half-drowned lady out here! She wants mo to lalto her in. Of course, it would be a good tiling for me, with my big family and low wngos, and it would be a charity to her, poor thing, on such a day j bat of oourss, If you object—" "Oh no, I don't ohjoot," said L "I wouldn't keep a woman out in such a storm for worlds. Let her in." "Thsnkyo,"said thedrlvor. And I opened the door. In an instant a woman had hurried In and Inlton her seat opposite me. She was a pretty woman, with a dark complexion and long black hair, braided oddly enough in two pigtaile like a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps she was 80. She wore a mourniog gown,elaborately trimmed, a breakfast capo, and a little sealskin cap that might as well have been a man's as a woman's. She had no gloves, no umbrella, no waterproof cloak, and I felt sure, as I looked ab her, that she had been obliged to go out in the rata tocalltliedoctor to achild with the croup, or to someone who had met with an accident, for slie had seemed to for* get her own comfort entirely. 1 felt sorry fm her as she wiped bet poor littte wet hands on her handkerchief, and looked piteously at her wet dress. Butte speak ta a stranger is such a step for a woman, and sho had not uttered so much as a "thank you" for my courtesy, though she had two or three times looked straight into my fAce with licr big black eyes. I sab in silence, therefore, until at last she fixed a long atrady gaze upon me, and said: " It is a wet, uncomfortable sort of world after all, isn't it 1" " Indeed, it seems so to-day," I said, with a glance at the lead-coloured sky, " And it nover rains la heaven," said die. " Oh, no." " I hope not, I am sure," said L " Where storms do not come," she repeated, as though making a quotation. " Of course it does not. But then," she added quickly, "you see one stays with one's husband and children at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wretched world, ono must wish to stay." "Indeed, yes,"said I. And then, seeing that she was agitated, and remembering my fancy that she was going for a doctor, I said, haphazard: " And when anyone we lovo is ill, we grow gloomy, and fear all sorts of things.'* " Yes," said she. " I have a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children— pretty and good os a mother could wish— and how anxious they were when I was so ilL Terribly anxious. He cried—a great, stout man. Yes, be cried. Of course the little ones did. And when I died—" " When you died 1" I repeated. " Yes, when Idied," she said, ina louder tone. "When I died, I say, he fainted. Oh, you think itstrange that I should speak of myself so. Nobody believes me ; but it's true. I am not living; I am only mate rialised." I could not make any answer to this ; I only shrank away into the corner of the car riage, for though I had no idea that I was in company with a ghost, her words made me nervous. We had yet a long way to go, though the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of the horse's boots, the patter of the rain, and the usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice heard if it became necessary. " Yes," the lady weub on—" yes, I have a friend who is a spiritualist, and I went to her at once, and as soon as I appeared fcoher she kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I want to stay materialised, because, don't you see, though it never rains in heaven, I must stay with my husband and little ones, if I can. _ They'd miss me 80/ " Oh, you will," I said, fa some trepida tion ; "you surely will. Let us drive to your house, and as soon as your children kiss you, you will know that you are no longer a spirit. Have you tola the driver where to go ? Shall 11" She put her hand upon my arm and drew me down, as I arose to endeavour to call the driver. "Stop," she said ; "as soon as I cross the threshold where my corpse is lying I shall be a horrible ghost again, and frighten them all. Don't you know that! Sit clown 1" I sat down. She kept her hand on my arm. " Listen 1" said she t " (tdn't you hear the sounds behind ust Spirits coming to carry me to heaven. I don't want to go to heaven; but there ie only one way to avoid it. The spirits want a spirit to take away, and. it must be a young woman's spirit. You—you are about my age. are you not f* , " I suppose so," said L "Yes,' said she; "and have yen a hus band." " I am a widow," said 1. "Good," said she. " How lucky that is 1 You'll want to go to heaven becanse your husband is there; I want to stay because mine ie here. Come. I'll send your spirit with them—you'll let me, won't you I" I had grown very oold, and felt that I was trembling very much, but I found power to ask her what seemed to myself then to be a very important question. "How would you do it? It depends a little on that " "Oh, said she, us roiltow, there is just one way. I must cub your throat—but I bare a very sharp razor, and it won't burt at all. It's much the best for us both, you see, my husband being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their white wings and cold hands will never know." 8he drew a razor from her pocket as she spoke and opened it. I made one dash for the door—which I should have made sooner bad I guessed at the bidden weapon, you face maybe certain—but as I did so ber changed, her eyes flashed furiously, and die clutched me by the throat. I gave a wild scream, the carriage stopped, and I beard amidst my terror the voices of two men shouting something close beside us. Then the woman was struggling In a policeman's arms, and a gentleman held the razor in bis bands and lplded it away in its sheath. There was another carriage besides ours, and these two men bad sprung from it. "Madam, I hope you are unharmed!" said the gentleman, speaking with a slight foreign accent. " Yes, I am thankful to say I am," said X, " You know what it all means r said hs. "It was a fine mind that illness warped so terribly. Bhe has been ill, and she believes herself now a spirit. It is a delusion of bers that if aha can send a spirit to heaven she may remain here herself. My poor Isadora 1 Forgive ua the terror yon have felt. We thought her well-watched, but she eeoaped us. I believe that dwelling too much on spiritualism has caused all tnls." Then ho bowed, and followed his wife into the other oarriage, and I saw her clinging to blm as they drove away. -HomeUuuC 