NEWS IN BRIEF. VICTORIA. . »r ,r ® on a trol|y "t tlio Groat Western !"aa ruu 0V8r by a train and killed, tho body being out to'pieco.?. A distinct shook of earthquake was folt at Berwick on Saturday at midnight The wave appeared to travel in a northerly direction, A lad named Jolm Cohan, of Nullau, last week was thrown from a horao and dragged by one of his stirrups. Ho sustained a fractured arm and concussion of the brain. ..if I s .KS-nno,"; 1,10 ,»on f » well known Btationer at Hamilton, while riding a pony with another boy on Tuesday afternoon, "was thrown. His neok was broken, and death was instan taneous. The boy wis about 7 years old. A minor named Henry 'Walton.was killed on Saturday In the United Albion mine, Stoiglitz, through falling from tho No. 8 level to the bottom of tho shaft, a distance of 250 feet. Ucocasea was a native of- tho Maryborough dis trict, ami was unmarried. A. slight shook of earthquake was felt at Hastings on Saturday about midnight, accom panied, by a slight tumbling noise resembling distant thunder. In Tyabb it was aho felt. One house after tho shaking seemed to give a lurob, but there was nothing disturbed. James Sharpe, tlie carriage inspector whose arm and leg wore out off in the recent railway acoident at Ballard West station, has suc cumbed to his injuria. Ho loaves n widow and family. Deooasod resided in Melbourne for eomo years, and wasconneotcd with the militia there. The East Loddon shire council has decided to request tho Lands department to throw the Pompapiel State Jorest, which oontaina 1000 oorcs, open for selection for cultivation purposes. The same counoil or also moving to have the Taudara Swamp mide a permanent water re serve. Mr. Edward J. Jackson, a well known cricketer in tho sixths, is dead. Somo 18 years ago an accident rciuercd him blind, and a foot ball match betweei Melbourne and Carlton played for his hemfit is said to bo the first oceusion when a chirge was made in football matches. A boy named- Lavlcr, son of a pumper for tho Railway departneut, had a narrow escape from fatal injury atSunbury on Tuesday. . He was out Bhooting wth another boy, when by some means the gun went off, the shot entering Lawler's back and, thoulder. His ; injuries are not dangerous. The Farmers1 Arm Hotel, Timor, was .burnt to tho ground at an curly hour on Sunday morn ing. Tho buildiug, vhich' was owned by Magill and Ooghlan, browen, Ballarat, was insured for £200, but there was 10 insurance on the furni ture, which was .ovned by the occupant, Mr, Sparks. Tho cause of the fire Is un known. A serious acoldont happened on Saturday to an aged man named Alfred Olarke, a resident of Dean's Marsh. Wlilsb standing on a scaffold, he suddenly slipped off,, falling head foremost ngaimt tho wall, his icalp being stripped of skin and otherwise injure!. He was troated by Dr. Hnyman, Birregurn, but is in a precarious condition. An inquestwas heli on Sunday on the body of Joal C. 'i'revenn, a narrlcd man, engaged as a tefvolior at tho Gravel Hill school, Bendigo. The ovidence showed that the deceased was suffering from asthma, and lad the habit of taking laudanum. A vcslict was returned that deceased died from au overdose of that drug accidentally taken. On Saturday mornhg a serious accident hap pened at the Hustler! Reef mine. Two miners named Thomas OoDainnd John Gordon, were charging & hole with Curtis and Harvoy's pellet powder, when from some unknown aiuso it exploded. Both men were much burnt about tho fnoe, Ghost and arms, nnd Collas'u eyos are injured, while Gadun is euffcrlug internal injuries. An old resident of Cluncs named Frederick Box went on Christmrn day to the Glengower swamps on a duck sheeting expedition, promis ing to return in tho evening. As he did not come back a search wai made, nnd on Tuesday his body was found id Walker's swamp, about 6 miles from Majorca. His horse had been tied to a tree near the swnnp. Dccoascd was about 38' years of age, and leaves a widow and two ohildren. ' A poor old man named Harry Tolstrup attomptod to commit suioide last woek by throwing himself into tho Murray. He tied a heavy fire bar aroundhis waist before entering the water. Fortunately the river where he wont in was too shallow to drown him, and he was pulled out and hsnded over to the police. In reply to questions lib said ho was tired of life, having no home ind no money. He is 68 years of age. A man named William George Kelly went on 22nd inst to the Post Office Savings Bank at Echuca and presented a warrant for 4s. The clerk, Mr. Lundy, misread the order and paid the man £4. Kelly then decamped. When the mistake was discovered information was given to the police, and they, accompanied by Lundy, searched the town. They discovered Kelly, and on arrest- ing him found £2 4s. 6d. on him. The rest he had spent on jewellery and drink. A little child, a year and eight months old, the daughter of Constable Fitzgibbon, of Gee- long West, met with a sad accident on Saturday evening, which termimted fatally. The mother left the child sitting in a high chair in front of the firo while she was performing some house- hold duties. By some means the chair over- balanced and the little one was thrown against a kettle of boiling water, which capsized, the contents being emptied over the child's body. The child was scalded frightfully, and lingered in great agony until death ended her sufferings. A fatal fire occurred at Mr. C. Marr's farm, Kooreb, on Saturday night. During the absence of his father and mother, a candle placed on a table in the bedroom of Adrian Marr, aged 2½ years, fell down and set fire to the house, burning the boy to death. Two brothers, tho oldest 8 years, after being unable to save Adrian, escaped uninjured. The house was burnt to the ground, and its contents were all destroyed. At an inquiry held on Saturday afternoon by Mr. D. Williamson, J.P., a ver- dict of death through being accidentally burnt was recorded. Joseph Webber and Samuel Pollock were arrested at Waubra on Tuesday by the railway station orderly, Constable M'Kenzie, on a charge of unlawfully assaulting James Sherritt, guard of the Learmonth train. It is alleged that the accused while travelling in the train on Christmas day left the carriage and seated themselves on the footboard of the train, whioh at the time was travelling at a rapid pace. On the train being brought to a standstill Sherrit remonstrated with the men and tried to induce them to re-enter the car- riage, but they became abusive, and finally knocked him down, one of the prisoners kicking him in the abdomen. Sherritt is now in a cri- tical condition. The prisoners are employed as farm laborers in the Learmonth district. 