UNIONISM, TO THE EDITOR. Sir—la a sub-leader 011 "Wednesday you say that unionism ab the present day is a power that cannot be ignored. May I ask, what is unionism ? I read in the English papers that there is the old unionism and the new, and that the new got terribly beaten at Hull, and after it was beaten the leaders had the in credible meanness to ask those very ship owners whom they had tried to ruin to subscribe for the benefit of the strikers. I fear that it is the new unionism that we have here in Australia. Those persons who think that there is no ability amongst the work ing classes are wonderfully mistaken. Merer saw the world more cleverness than exists in the union leaders, never were peers nor ministers of State so absolute, 'l'hey issue their mandates, and the men sink as bravely as the men of the Victoria did by order of Admiral Tryon. The leaders live on the fat ol the land and orate in Parliamenc about brotherly love and Christian socialism, while dooming their unfortunate followers and their families to desparation, starvation; and despair. Witness the strikes—the former great shipping strike, the shearers' Btrike. the coalminers' strike, the Moonta strike, the Broken Hill Etrike. In all these cases the poor men were beaten, and suffered and starved, misled by their leaders. Bub the leaders waxed fat on the pay they gob for mis leading them. I am told that one of them i3 now the richest man in his district in Victoria. During tho heat of the _ ship ping strike, when misery and destitution walked abroad rampant, a waiter at a first-class hotel in Melbourne called my atten tion to four apparently wealthy gentlemen of high position ab an adjoining table laughing and joking over their savory viands and their claret, and told me' that they were union delegates, two of them over from Sydney about the strike. Well might that barman shrug his shoulders ; well might these gourmands laugh. Without strikes the reason for their existence is gone. Merrily call we strike, oh; drink our claret and revel, while men and masters alike go to -Ian)j&c.;, RUXLEY:S GHOST No. 2. 