.. A FRIENDLY SERVICE. from Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Villa Bellina, Nice/ 1st June. /T5RACE, my dearest, dearest friend, Tain VJ? half wild.'. To you only can I reveal aiy sorrow, my faithful one. My misery is complete. A cruel and unexpected blow has fallen on me. Listen : You know that I have been staying' here fO"- the pa -t week with mother, the doctors having ordered her South at a day's notice. I could not find it n my heart to ask my husband to accom pany us, just as the London Season had commenced, and it is impossible to rejoin liim before the end of the month. ' Yesterday the English post brought me— guess what! An anonymous letter, written in an unknown, and manifestly disguised hand, informing me that my husband is earring on an intrigue with MrsSt. George —that tall, stout woman with rOddish hair, /and a deservedly bad reputation. You ' must know her : one meets her everywhere. . T am jealous, you well know, bjL jjj jf-g y bjabpat £50. I rea(jy jr0t; abou T- sandjYouldbaY£ — feeolgbcmVls-Oufmramh;:, . the intimacy is resumed. What to""db 1 know not, but I feel persuaded that you will advise me wisely and well. You are so clever. At this time all London is about-, and one meets everyone. You are certain to see him and perhaps her also. Watch, observe, and tell me what you see. _Mj' dearest Grace, remember your friend is tortured with cruel doubts, which she desires to dispel, that uncertain tjixis killing her, and that she prefers the truth at all cost, bitter though it may be. Reply at once— watch closely. Think of me, dearest Grace; for you, my mother, and my child nre all I have in the world to love. — Yours for ever, I l)A- Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. 1000, Half-Moon-street, Piccadilly. 4 th J line. You are mad, my poor friend, absolutely Btark, staring mad ! Take heart, and be reasonable. Y on have received an anony mous letter from some . spiteful, jealous woman ; for such epistles always come from women. An anonymous letter ! \\) hocver pays the slightest attention ro such a thing? Burn it ! Burn it ! li you only knew how many I received in the lifetimeof Mr. Russell — but I never took the least heed of them. Nevertheless they sometimes spoke the truth — but peace to his memory. As you have often observed, 1 am happily indepen dent and still young— only 32 a few days ogo. You are by five years iny junior. Follow mv example — don't, worry vourscli away with trouble. But-, to return to your letLer— xvcll, it would give me the greatest satisfaction to destroy "it, and think no more f ifc- - , . You have, a husband who loves you, of tips I have no doubt. You are a happy woman to be so loved. Your husband is wealthy and generous — you have a lovely child ; in fact you possess everything a woman :ould desire. But you are jealous. Do not loeeive yourself. Even admitting that there is some truth in the letter, is it not belter that you should close your eyes to it ? 1 can see you jump off your chair as you read these words. My .... dear. I have had more experience of the worlrt tnan you. . Notwithstanding the fact that I had little depth of affection for my late husband, I suffered in feeling that 1 was deceived. It wounded my amour propre. What can we poor women do in such a case ? Hold our tongues, that is all. You complain that AI rs. St. George is dangerous, and that her repu tation is faulty. Well, so much the better, for I am persuaded that your husband is pure at heart, and if lie haveanYAtuindJ.ancv- _ Now sureiy you see clearly there' is no serious cause for anxiety. As to myself, it is hardly necessary to assure you that there is nothing I would not do for you ; and if you insist, although it is repugnant to me to play the part of a spy, I will do what you wish. But j'ou will not insist, I feel cer tain. — Your old and sensible friend, Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, Sth -June. Certainly I insist, and that notwithstand ing your advice. Be frank with me at. once ; and if I ask too much in expecting this service from you, I must, be released from this stale of uncer-. taint.v. I must know all. I believed that I could have counted on you, as you could on me in a similar circumstance. To me it appears, that true friendship has no scruples, and never iiesitates to render a service to a iUUUDilC. But perhaps I am wrong : your reply will prove this. — With fondest love, Ida. From Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 12th June. Your letter wounded me deeply, Ida. Yon believed that my friendship faltered, when it was my reason which hesitated. But, since you persist, notwithstanding all I have said t.o dissuade yotl, and since you question my affection for yon, I no longer hesitat e. Y ou can count on me — I have sharp eyes, and will do all that is possible to find out whether your fears have any foundation. Now we understand one another. I thought of you only: and if anything disagreeable happens, you will have no right to reproach m ?. Come what may, believe always in the friendship and affection of your faithful and / devoted friend, Grace, i P.S.— On Thursday night Mrs. Leslie ' receives. Your husband is pretty certain to bo there, and perhaps the lady also. I know the goes there frequently. 1 shall be there. Iea Seymour to Grace Russell. . . Nice, 15th Juno. Thanks — my darling Grace, thanks. Pardon , me. I was, indeed, hasty and unjust- ; but I was suffering horribly. You are so good — so affectionate — I am sure you will forgive me. What I have gone through during the past few days ! Yes,- you are right ; I am jealous. For a long time past I believed myself safe from any violent sentiment ; and then, besides, a jealous person is always ridiculous. At this moment you must be about to start for Mrs. Leslie's as you pro mised. Dear friend ! Now that you have " consented to do what I wish, I feoi almost ashamed of my request. But, he assured, v whatever comes, and no matter what, ycu ' may communicate to me I shall not be angry with you. To do so would be nothing more . or less than infamous. No; we shall be' faster friends than ever. I Half-past ten. Now, you must be at I Mrs. Leslie's, surely ! What, will you dis- 1 cover ? Mercifu.' powers, liotv. 1 tremble ! ' Thanks, again alio again, my darling Grace. —Your true friend, Ida. / " ' Telegram, j To Ida Seymour.— The person not at Leslie's last night. . George alone. Spoke to him". Tried to get something irom hiiiL' Impenetrable. Hope nothing true. Love.' — Grace. Telegram. To Grace Russell.— Thanits for message. .Continue your observations. Send news by telegram. " More rapid. AVrite only, to give' /; particulars. Fondest love.— Ida., . ; ' ./--.- Telegram. / , To Ida Seymour. — Nothing new.! Tq-'day' it .private view Water-colours. Saw' her." George not there. Going away to-morrow.— Grace." ; < Telegram. "'"''J To Ida Seymour. — At Academy. Saw' Seorge, but not the person. — Grace. Telegram. ToIda Seymour. — Garden party at Rich mond. Saw George and the person together. Letter follows. —Grace. Grace R'jsskll to Ida Seymour. London, 17tli June. Only two words to confirm and explain the telegram I sent you ten minutes ago. Yes, I have seen George and Mrs, St. jBiqrgt handom she looked, too, notwithstanding her 40 years. Your husband :did. not- appear until rather late, and the moment he saw her -lie. joined her. He remained at her side until the party broke up". I never lost sight of that bonnet, with the yellow est rich tips for a moment.. I icaiiy believe there is nothing, serious between them. At. all events, were i in your place, this prolonged conversation in pnMic would reassure me. When there is anythinir between two persons l hey do not speak much before others. I will continue my observa tions. — All my love, and, believe m<\ ever yours, Giiace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russeli- Nice. 20 l!i June. Do not be discouraged, my dearest, dearetfc Grace. 1 do not believe t lie meeting at : Richmond was accidental. Gebtire has ' always objected to accompany me to garden parties — said they bored him . ineffably. Continue your mission courage- ; ously. and Sell me all — even though it. should break my heart, I must know all. Oil, that odious woman-St. George ! If»w I ; hate her ! And my husband — well, if ray j doubt# ate justified, I shall hate him also, and 1 wil( never, never pardon him.— I send you fondest love. , j 1»A. ITtHiet — nur.1,- rUv .. 4« j-oo—'-i. fc a dozen piles driven, theless, the' drai U33R3iS,lVi__i-2'— ' 3' . Avrfk'" Letter follows. — Grace. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 24th June. My poor darling Ida, I have just rcinrnrc! ; from the private view of British Artists. 1 The exhibition is a remarkable one lies year, and i was lost in admiration of a lovely study of a head, when your husband, acconi- . panied by the lady in question, passed in . front of me obstructing my view ; he / looking as elegant as usual, she simply dressed and wearing a yellow bonnet.'. How j the woman adores yellow ! The .moment j your husband saw me he left, her and came ; to speak to me. He was n'iost gracious, and . j not in tiie least put out. He gave me news of you, and complained of the scarcity of your letters, and told me that in his next- he would tell you he had seen me. It was comical, and I could have laughed had 1 not thought of your present- state of anxiety, j Meanwhile, the lady pretended to be -.liter- ! ested in the pictures. Two or three times, j however, she glanced furtively at me. George said good-bye, and ofl they went I together. I seated myself, and watched them as they passed round the room ; hut at length, fearing 1 might, arouse suspicion, I- thoaglit it. prudent to go, but wished above all tilings t,o see t heir parting. There is so much in the way people greet one another and say farewell, especially the latter. I left the place, and turned into a hall door in Suffolk-street, next to the Gallery. Right in front of me stood a brougham, which, from the somewhat untidy appear ance of the servants, 1 judged to I belong to Mrs. St. George. I had not long to wait They both came out, your husband accompanying the lady to her carriage. The footman opened the door, closed it, and moved away. Up to this point, you see, there was npth- I ing to find fault with. Bud whilst the foot- I man went behind the carriage to get to liis place on the box, Mrs. St. George said a few words rapidly : " To-morrow night- Lyceum— Box A." At the same instant the coachman whipped up the horses and drove away. Your husband looked after it for a LSCCOtiCi Or SO, llJlllWU ii uiyaicuc, «uiu nuiu : on in wicuucu.. »— i_ ,irav&. to my dressmaker in Bond-street. Here, my darling Ida, is what happened. I assure you it grieves me intensely to tell vou all this, but 1 must remind you that you wished it. This is now the critical moment. ; you still have time to reflect. Will you stop here, or do you wish me to go to the Lyceum on Thursday ? Reply by ever your devoted Grace. Telegram. . To Grace Russell. — Go to Lyceum. If you do not, I will never forgive you. — Ida. Grace Russell to 1 da Seymour. London, 20th June, 3 o'clock a.m. Courage, Ida dearest ; I am obliged to do that which is cruel. I was at the Lyceum to- night, as you wished, in the back of a box facing Box A- I arrived as the curtain rose ; and just as the ghost of Fabian appeared to his brother, Mrs. George entered the box, followed by your husband. She seated herself at the front, shading herself with an enormous fan. He sealed himself behind her. There was no one else in the box. The play over they rose to go. I lost them in the crowd, of course ; but I was nob to be beaten, so I popped into a hansom and drove to her house, just to sec if lie would accompany her home. To my great relief she was alone; -and 1 was just about, to give orders to the driver to take me home, when another hansom stopped at her door, and from it George emerged, and entered that fatal house. Hoping he would ' come out every moment, I remained on the watch until two this morning ; but when I j left, lie was still there. j j Now, I have accomplished the mission j ! which you entrusted to mo faithfuiiy. It ; ' lias turned out badly, but. I do not. complain, if I have given you a new proof of the deep affection I have for you. Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 30ch J line. Thanks, my dearest ; oh, thanks ! You have indeed proved your friendship. I" will 1 never forgive him — a man whom I adored — whom I married in opposition to the wishes ot all my relations ; to whom I gave my whole life. . . The horrible wretch ! I telegraphed to him to como to Nice instantly, without saying why. When he arrives I will tell him all (without compromising you, however, my dearest Grace). I will fling my reproae'tes in iiis face. IV ha lever may fee his reply, I have decided on my course. There can never again be anything, in common between this man and me. If the law be insufficient to protect me, I know' how to ceparate myself for ever from such an hateful being. As for you, my darling friend, I never can be sufficiently grateful. You are the best, the most noble of Women. Weep for uio, and love me as I love you. Ida. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 11th August. For eight days, dearest, not a line from you. I am most anxious. What has happened ? Your husband left suddenly for Nice they informed me at your house when I called to-day to make inquiries. "Sum moned by a telegram," they said. Yours of course. now uia me painiui scene enu < What is. your decision ? How are you? Send me a 'telegram or letter immediately. I picture you ill and heartbroken, tumble to write. Send me a line, one line for Heaven's sake to relieve my mind.— With most affec tionate wishes, always your Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. . _ Nice, lSth August. : My Dear Grace,— Your letter crossed one from nic— that is to soy, one 1 was about - to 'write to you ; but I have been so. occupied, with a thousand and one things that J really liave not had time to write sooner. ' Thank you for your solicitude fcr me and my health. It. is, however, quite unneces sary, for all my troubles have disappeared. Does , this amaze .'you ? Strange things happen in life.' my' dear, and suspicions, . which often seem serious, "are frequently unfounded. IV "adopt your pleasing express ibir,v'the' :"A'ce"!;sV.: between . George and : me- took , place; immediately on his arrival, but it -'finished: very differently to the way in 'which !, "and' more particularly you, imagined.: : My liiis-1 band proved to me,' clear as daylight, that there'"' . was- / nothing,- '/ absolutely nothing,- between him -'and- -Mrs. St. -George.-: ;. lie cer tainly had an a'ppointmenb'witii r her at. the British Artists "and at the theatre. "You. were perfectly correct/ -but at the la tier place there teas a third person - in the box. You- did not.see that. He also went. to her house : after the theatre, but. he clid net stay . a? long as you imagined, for half an "lour after you saw him enter, he kit by the door leading fto a the hilliard-rdop out ?t the hack of the house. Why these repeated I appointments, you willgisk ?. .The. reason is | simple.. It was a projected marriage l between an ' acquaintance 'of- -my- '.husband'" and Mrs. St. George. Some hitch concern ing sett'emenis had occurred, and Mrs. St' George wished to have the advice of an old friend. By-the-bv, she is not at all as had as she is reported to he by scandalmongers, and no intimacy ever existed in the past between her and George, as I stupidly believed. George was induced to act as intermediary ., between the lawyers, and j to look to. Mrs. St. .George's interests,' and ho marie an appointment with her that night at. the "Lyceum as she wished hiiu to spe-ik to a third person, and to announce to. him the fact that the match was broken off. Of course this was no fault of his. All tips explains itself, and the terrible ''scene" finished in the best possible way. George scolded mc a little for my insensate.-- suspicions, but lias pardoned me so generously, so tenderly, that all my former contented state of lhind is restored. I . As to the anonymous letter, lie believes ' that it was written; by a discharged servant of Mrs. St. GeorgeJ Now permit, me/o speak frankly concern- n of deposits has conl colonies iiasT"C "3uiouS"e"-rfe,'Je_t.Q_go_so far j,, this a— ts»,,|«rjvoptL nie f/i-nutir.uJTi but did you-dJ so "with' a necessary force of persuasion ? In Abort, did you nob feel a cei lain pleasure — perhaps .unconsciously— to see -a cloud -pass over . our felicity! of which you were always a- lit lie jealous. But I bear you no ill-feeling. You were unhappy in your own marriage, and, perhaps, felt a certain bitterness. But had you been the true friend I believed you to be. you would have overcome this unworthy feeling, and, at any cost, have refused energetically to play the humiliating part, which I, when almost out of my senses, begged of you to accepc. Yes. you should have refused ; that is what, a true friend would have done, and' you did not do it. It appears to me that you took a certain pleasure in following the two poor things, and that in your love of the romantic you desired to find them guilty. I must stop, for I might say too much if I continued. Ida. ( Extract jroro. iki Privaii Journal of Grace Russell. To-day I received a most detestable and unjustifiable letter from Ida Seymour. Behold me now at variance with her for ever; -and I worked for her so con- I scientiously and so loyally. I, who played ' a part which was most repugnant to me only I to please her. . I should have remembered the old Italian i proverb, "I'm moglie e rnarila non nutltre ! il dito. ) Extract from, the Pri cafe Journal of Ida j -Seymour I Has George loid me the truth concerning the projected marriage of a certain lady? Be that, as it may, I did right to believe it-. ' Wed, when lie is by my side, speaking to . me with that soft, rich voice of hi#, looking at me with those eyes I so dearly love, all ray anger dies, and I am all his. As to Grace — I have, in reality, nothing to reproach her with. Nevertheless, 1 wrote her such a letter ! It was her own fault ; she should never have believed that George was unfaithful to me. — Vanity Fair. a mi» fimTi rvniinvfTD A A- 1 I\ U X U L/IkHiU.>QI UI1 J.L.I/. T ttOno '>A«-TVu2uidi»g.-a;j o— evident that every man will defend ' a woman against all men but- himself. Clap | your eyes on a pretty woman without male ! escort, sr.d two phenomena will become obvious. Firstly, there will be a largo amount of open and covert. stariiig"at her, co til 1 ol Avhich her obliviousness is, of course, only assumed. Secondly, if one of the starers happens to realise that others sre at the same game, he will manifest plainly his disgust t such treat ment of unprotected beauty, utterly ignor ing his own offence. A husband and wife J got into a street ear. The man was some- ' what dandified in dress. The woman was under 20. and as pretty as nature and art are in the habit of combining to produce. They were chatting on the very subject that 1 have here introduced. " Percivid, dear," said she, " I will prove to you that I am right, and Lake only ten minutes to do it-, if you'll promise uct to get angry about it." He closed the contract. Then she drew herself up, as though the husband sitting beside her was an entire stranger, and waited for the car to fill with passengers. "Now," she whispered behind her fan, " observe how I am ogled when alone." Within five minutes he saw that half-a- dozen masculine passengers, from hoary age to callow youth, eyed his bride with more or less audacity, and several manifestly would not have needed the smallest beginning of a wink on her part to seize upon her then ; and there. That part of the exhibition was a triumph for the wife, but the most curious feature of her experiment remained to be , tried. : " Y'ou certainly do seem to attract a good deal of admiration," said the husband, "sup- 1 posing that the pretended strangeness was ut an end. She lifted her eyes in simulated surprise, as though an impertinent fellow had unwar rantably accosted her, and pointedly turned her face away 'from him. He understood , her now, and did not sneak to her fuither. Next, she drew her shoulder away from contact with his. By this time the spec tators were believing that he was annoying her dreadfully, and scornful glances were aimed at him. A man arose from the oppo- . site side. j " Will you exchange scats with me?" i he very gallantly and politely said, lifting his hat' most deferentially. Now, he : had been formost among . the original oglers— the veriest simpleton, of them all. ... " Thank. you,, sir," she answered, " bub I prefer to sit beside my husband." Thus with the same stone she killed that vulture- bird and- the dove mate whom she had undertaken, to instruct as . to the philosophy of male gallantry, . \- ALL GONE. - '...' Ho talked nbout divinity, - and pondered on . infinity, - ; - ' ' And spoke of base humanity as animnlciilte, T-Ia studied un astrononivi ; the so'enr-fi of .' autonomy, . '. ': - And wondered if insanity was common to the fiea. He piunged into zootomy and wandered through phlebotomy, . 1 r j - And read for weeks on history- from Adam down to date. "'/ He lectured on ' theogony, and dwelt upon cosmogony, '- , And sounded -deep the mystery attending .-.'-human- fnie.. Ho showed extreme, anxiety, for- late and: ' ' early piety, ' . .... And. spake-, with great/ fclieity of higiicr . states than this. " - ' He lectured qiute dfamatically.i to' riipw hbw 1 systematically. t . g . " :.-Thc force of .cleetricityi. was ccntred in a; Bub while with such intensity. he' spouted ,on \- . immensity, L „J. r .nislwife with-sweet /dev'exite-. was cutting quilt, i dash ; - 1 And v.-; tn such 'ingenuity ;she:muiikoyecl his' Minuity, i , > lle'd .found to his perplexity;, she'; dressed: i away his cash. " . ."' '' The man I' w.muslLbelhji and noble ; 'i:e must liave.nb'bad habitsj aud must, love me devotedly." \- ? " Biit, iny dear, .that is impossible, you know, qui- o impossible." "Why?" . ; ' / HThere-is pnly ?one:"such;man in all the . wiiff world, and he is going to; marry me.'j , 