GRAVE AJSTD GAY. I? is stated of M. Mazurier, a French nc'or r.f »! part of an ape, that he would net app'-ar in hi.- m-v character till his competency had pas-ed i|.»< :m.-- rigid ordeal. According to this tradition lie afiirw. himtfclf in his ape dress, and placed himself bit<-n- the saonkey cage in the Jardiu des Plantes. For sorag time the monkeys treated him as a stranger, but at last a veteran ape snatched an apple from ln.- hand witto a look which proved that he regarded the actOk as a brother who, thus severely tested, uov. ventured to become an ape on the stage. A farmer on-? year, finding himself late with his spring work, engaged an Irishman to assist him. On the first .ovning Pat was sent to turn over a dunghill by himself in ot© of tho fields. Pat, either not liking to work, nr taking advantage of being alone, did not huivy hinreelf ; or it is possible the farmer may hive been somewhat of a tyrant. At all events, the follow ing diakv ensued at the end of tbe week, when Pat got his wages. Farmer : " Now, Paddy, 1 will keep you another week yet at the same wages, but you must do a little more work for your money. Mind, I have bcrfi watching you all this day." Paddy: " Troth a' shn.re, haven't I bin watchin' yer honour all the week ? So wid workin' and wid workin' aud watchin' I've had plinty to do." " Your feet are not very stylish," said a man to his friend, whose feet were covered with bunions. "No, not 6tylish", but exceedingly nobby," was the good-natured reply. A late bishop being desirous of enlarging his palace, caused an architect to prepare plans of the proposed alterations ; but when he came to know tiie estimated co9t of the work, he declined to proceed. "What cheque shall 1 draw for your fees, sir ?''msaid the bishop to the architect, who told him that, as the plans were abundoned his charge would be a hundred guineas. "A hundred guineas! Why, sir, many of my curates do not get so much in the course oe a year." " Possibly," said the other; " but. your lord ship must remember that I am a bishop among architects." A receiving teller — The gossip. One by one the ancient heroes are smashed. It turns out that Ajax bad a bad case of rheumatism when he defied the lightning. When yon have let a naughty little boy persistently steal sugar for a year or two, and have only remarked what fun it is to see tbe little rascal, then you must not be surprised if that little boy develops a tn>te for petty larceny, which may in time bring bim to the wall-bound mansion of (Jlerkenwell. Our dear, dear William has systematically treated that sweet- child Patrick in this kind fashion. From throwing stones at landlord's houses, Patrick has finished off by brinnl murders and uroclamations a la. Ereihcit. But evi n now, when William is quite stirred up. if he shows Paddv the birch with one band, he ho dsont a lump of toffee with the o»her. Birch and toffee, arrears of rent, and coercion, cannot, be jerked together, any more than oil and water can. Do you know the latest craze, Marv Ann, Mary Ami? Do you know the latest craze, Mary Am, It is to spend your days „ 'Neath a big sunflower's ri>y3, Or to sit up with a lilv, Mary Ann. A gentleman at. Scarborough, after waxing hi; handkerchief fas half- an-houror more at an nnknowr lady whotn he discovered at a distant p .<nt on t.ht Bhore, was encouraged by a warm response to h . signals to approach his charmer. Imagine his feel iDgs when, on drawing neater, be saw that if was hi. own dear \viFe, whom he had left at t.De hotel hut- r short time bef. re. "Why, how remarkable tl i.t w» should have recognised each other at. such a dis tance!" exclaimed both iuthesame breath ; ami ther they changed the subject. "Well, Mike, and have ye heard what, they'n going to do with Barney Flannegan ?" " Indadeanr. I have," replied Mrke. " They're going to imprison him for life: but I don't believe the pour soul wil live all the time."' " Don't you know it's very wrong to smoke, my boy ?" said an elderly-looking ladv in a railway car riage to young John Bu'l, who persisted in puffing a cigarette, muoh to the old lady's discomfort. " Ob I smoke for my health ! " answered tho boy, emitting a volume of smoke from his mouth which alm"s« choked tbe old lady. " But you never beard of a cure from smoking," continued the lady, when she had regained consciousness. " Oh, yes, I ha e ! " de clared the boy, as he formed his mouth into a younc Vesuvius ; " that's the way they cure pigs." " Smoke on, then," quickly replied the old lady, " there's some hope for you yet." Lord Mansfield examining a man who was witness in tho Court of King's Bench, asked bim what he knew of the defendant ? " Oh my lord. I knew him ; I was up to him !" "Up to him !" says his lord- Bhip, " what do you mean bv being up to him ?' "Mean, my lord? Why, I was down upon him!' " Up to him, and down upon him," says his lordship "What does the fellow mean ?" " Wbv, I meaD, my lord, as deep as he thought, himself I stagged him !' " I cannot conceive, friend," says his lordship, " wha yon mean by this sort of language ; I do not under-, stand it." "Not understand it?" rejoined the fellow with surprise. "Lord, what a flat you must be !" A. polite notice in a sawmill reads : " Do no handle the buzz-saw while in motion." "Hands off' would be more concise and quite as appropriate. -" " Tiie truth always pays in the end," is an old say ing, and that is the reason, probably, why there is sc little of it told at the beginning of any business trans action. Society does not mix at Margate, It is sufficiently mixed before it gets there. "It has always been my aim in life to imitate » good example," as the counterfeiter remarked while working on s now set of dies. When a man tries to borrow money from a friend that is experimental philosophy. When the friend refuses, that is natural philosophy. The question of Hamlet's sanity ha9 never been decided, bat his interview with his father's shade ghost show that, he was accustomed to spirirs. " I have a theorv about the dead languages," said a new studefit. " What is it ? " asked the professor. " That they were killed by being studied too hard." A young man married against the wishes of his parents, and in telling a friend how to break th« new? to them, said : " Tell tbem first that I am dead, ano gently work up to tbe climax." A lady, w hose family was very much in tho habit of proposing conundrums, was one evening asked by her huBband, in an excited tone, " Why are all Hiese doors left open ? " "I give it up," instantly ansuereo the lady. Woman's Motto — Disclosed by One of the Sex - Think the best we can of each other, and — say the worst. A country clergyman was a good deal astonished one day by the jollity of the mourners at the " break fast " of a funeral, aDd was gravely told in ex plana' tion, " Bless you, sir, they're not laughing — they're only dissembling their grief." , In 1766, when on a visit to Lord Mexborongh's, Foote brcko his leg while hunting. Shortly after- wardsLordB .condoling with hiui on his mis fortune, the inveterate joker could not forbear hi? jest at the uxpenseof the silly nobleman, and rejoined. "!fray, my lord, do not nllude to my weak point— 1 have not alluded to yours," at the same time signifi cantly pointing to the nobleman's bead. Little Nfllte was looking at some pictures of wSid animals; whfn Mr. Jerkins called, aud she ap pealed to that gentleman to explain one <>f the pic tures. " That is a wild boar," said he ; and I he little lady looked at it thoughtfully, and replied, " Ii doesn't look like you, does it, Mr. Jorkins?" "! hope not," responded the guest. " Why ?" "Because,' ssiu the artless infant, " mamma said, wheD yum card was sent up, ' Tuere is that old bore Jorkiu again."' Noa man in wise athout a wife — that's true, and no! no victim, Vor the very yeth of wisdom es got at by contradic tion ; Anu that's one raison why I beant so wise as Zuio- mon, Becas they uay he'd lots o' wives, and I sot only one ; But, spite 5' Zolotnon's example, miake one wife suffice, Yor tiaiut by no means elthy to be moor than eoramGD wise. t\ reveujnd divine in the West-end of London was what is callod a popular preacher. This reputation, however, had not been acquired by his drawing lawzely on his own eloquence and erudition, but, by the ingenui >y with which he appropriateii the thong.it? oF tne great divines who had gone before him. H:s semion8wef9 full of larcenies. A fashionable audience is -toe deeply read is pulpit lore. With such hearers he for a model of knowledge and pathos. No verthe- no was once detected. A grave old gentleman came one stivday, seated himself close to tbe pulpit, at d listened wiih profound attention. The preacher had scarcely It r shed his third sentence before th.; stranger muttered, loud enough to be heard by all those aroupri him, " That's Sherlock." The praacher frowned, bit went on. He was glibly proceeding when the tormenting interrupter broke out with "That's T.lloteon." The preacher bit his lip ..nd; paused, b;,t again thought it better to puraisi the thread of His diacoureo. A third exclamation of " That's E law," was, fcwwever, too much, and com pletely exiiaustad his patience. Leaning ovci the pulpit he cried, " Fellow, if you do not bold your tongue, yon shall be turned out." Wi- hont nlici ii.o a muscle .»f his countenance, the impertnrl l'-ic oh! gentleman lifted np his head, ar.rl. looting tin preacher full: in tl.e face, retorted, "'1 hat's -hit nwi>!" < 