THE APOSTLES' GEE ED. The case of Pastor Schremff, of "Wurteniberg, wlio rofused to continue the use of the Apostles' Creecl in his church, servicos, aud was for this reason deposed ,'froni the Christian ministry, lias made an inquiry into the origin and character of this Cr.eed one of tho burning questions of the day. It is not such a simple matter to dctormine tlie . original meaning and purport of each statement of the Creed. Modern versions of the Creed are translations based upon the Latin, and these, again, hare boon taken from the Greek. Nor does the cur rent version of the Creed harmoniso throughout with the original Greek fromula. There havo been additions which have, however, not been ! made to the Greek form, but were added to tlie Latin. Between the time when the first Greek tost was formulated and the time when the current version took shapo in the Latin form there has boon a long history of Christian ideas. In the old church, before in fant baptism had generally become tho rule, it was the custom to teach the candidate shortly before liia bap tism a brief confession of faith, which was to embrace tlio leading features j of his faith as ho understood it. Tho communication, or " Transmission of the Symbol," as it was termed, was a most solemn act;. it -was tho final initiation into the esserico of Christianity antl an entrance into the congregation. The Formula which was imparted to the candidate for baptism was not to be written down. It was transmitted only orally. It was not to bo uttered in the presence of unbelievers ; only Christians should know it. The Formula was called " Symbol," be cause it was a sign {symbol ion J, by which Christians could be recognised. Christians should recognise themselves and others by the possession of this Formula, and settle their doctrinal disagreements on the basis of this confession. In the congregation at Home, that Formula originated on which our Apostles' Croed is based. It can be proved historically that this congregation employed the Greek language in its services down to the end of the second century. In this language this Symbol was doubt lessly formulated betweon 100 and 120 A.D. The old Roman Symbol had twelve articles, probably formulated in this sliapo after tlio number of tlio Apostles, and the Symbol was then regarded as the sum of Apostolic doetrino. In the Middle Ages, the favorite name for the Creed was "Tho Twelvo Articles." A comparison of tho original Eoman form and tho pre sent is exceedingly interesting. Wo give it here : T1IE OLD HOMAN- THE ?IODEH>" TEXT. SYMBOL. (1) I believe in God (J) I believe in God tho Almighty Father, the Father Almighty, Maker of Heaven and Earth, (2) And in Jesus (2) And in Jesus Christ His only Son Christ His only Son our Lord, our Lord, (3) Who was bom (3) Who was con of tho Holy Ghost and ceivcd by tho Holy Mary the Virgin, Ghost,born of the Vir gin Mary, (4) Who was cruci- (1) Suffered under iied under Pontius Pontius Pilato, cruci - Pilate and was buried, tied, dead and buried ; Ho descended rnto Hell; (5) On tho third day (5) On the third day he arose from the dead, Hearoseagniu from the dead, . r ' (6) Ascended to (G) Asceuded . to-; Heaveu, Heaven, (7) Fitteth at the (7) And sitteth at tho right hand of tho right hand of God the leather, Father Almighty; (S) From thence Ho (S) From thence he will come to judge the shall come to judgo living and tho dead ; the quick and tho dead. (9) And in the Holy (9) I believe iu the Ghost, Holy Ghost, (10) Holy Church, (10) The holy Chris tian Church, the coin muuion of Saints, (11) Forgiveness of (11) Forgiveness of sins, sine, (12) Resurrection of (12) Resurrection of tho body. the body,and lifeever lastiug,, Ameu. Aiuen. \- Professor .Di* P. Kattcnbuscli, in the C'hristlicJie Welt, Leipzig, No. '12. 