LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE ALLEGED "MANIFESTATIONS" AT THE RELIEF RESTAURANT. Sirs-I feel sure that you do not wish to do an injustice to any of the ladies and gentlemen who were present at the private meeting of investigation which took place on Saturday last at the 011 Mus a' Home, although you have seen fit to mention some of their names As I am one of those whom your reporter r bath delighted to honour, perhaps I may be a lowed to say, on behalf of myself and those present, that he, in his pardonable anxiety "to write an amusing and sensational paragraph, has, instead of giving a plain and accurate account of the facts, rather stated what did not occur Let me say therefore that -1 There were no "spiritual manifest more " 2 There was no " rapping " J No one was excited, tremulous, nervous, or " thrown into a spawn of terror " 4 There was no rush into the corridor 5 Only the clairvoyant members saw anything, and for the most part the results were negative Nothing sudden occurred The whole proceedings were of a quiet, orderly, calm, patient, and unemotional character, very tame and uninteresting, and, when the meeting broke up, it was OB account of the lateness' of the hour, and because it was then considered useless to waste further time over so problematical sa affair. That there is, or has been, some mystery attached to the building, and that sounds, sights, and impressions of an unusual character have been produced upon many sane, sensible, and educated persons, few can deny. And it was on account of the annoyance recently caused to some of its inmates that it was decided, in the interests of truth and of science, common sense and humanity, to try to ascertain the cause of these " sights and sounds." Those present were, I think I may say, like myself, rather sceptical as to whether a tragedy had ever been perpetrated on the " haunted spot." Although of course, it need not follow that because a "ghost" is seen that it must therefore have been forcibly expelled from its earthly tenement." Some of Its, however, know, that, after making all due allowances for credulity, enthusiasm, delusion, and decep- tion, there yet remain phenomena which afford a firm foundation for the "Hillier Modern Spiritualism, and this has been acknowledged by eminent men of science' like Dr. Hoggins, F.R.S., A. R. Wallace. Prof. Crocker, F.R.S., Cromwell Varley and Dr. Mueller, of Victoria. When investigated in a calm, unprejudiced and scientific spirit, spiritualists," affords certain evidence of a future existence, and also throws many valuable side-lights upon the more difficult and obscene problems of Natural Science. Permit me to add that a knowledge of these matters, so far from inspiring men and women with fear, removes all dread whether of spectres or of death. For the appearance of a " ghost " is just as welcome as that of any other living being and the only difference being in the fact that we, who are still " in the body, have one more garment on, it follows, naturally, that "there is at) death," what seems so is transition. Although your own views may differ totally from ours, I trust you will kindly allow this letter to appear in full, as we have been rather unjustly held up to ridicule while striving, privately,; to do a kindness to the living, if not also to the dead. The account of this private meeting, as published, is very exaggerated and altogether misleading, Even the time been incorrectly stated. No one was frightened, no one's pulse beat quicker, all chatted pleasantly, and all would have been glad to have seen and heard more, hence the resolve to meet again. Having, Your efforts to do good, afforded your readers some amusement, may we, in our turn, ask you to grant us space for this explanation. Yours, etc., WILLIAM BUSBY. September 12. SIB,-Imuat confess to being considerably astonished on reading the report in this morning's Mercury relative to a startling episode. It is true that I, in company with several others, had been making quiet investigations into the cause of the mystery that seems to be attached to the building, ' but they were purely ' of a private nature, only intended for our own satisfaction of the truth of such phenomena, not to furnish food for the sportive pen of your informant. It is true that a representative of The Mercury waited upon me yesterday, but failing, as he acknowledges himself, to gain any definite information be has, perforce, drawn upon his somewhat too vivid imagination, hence the material for this morning's column; None of our party made any remarks about " creeping feelings," nor so far as I am aware did any patio overtake them. Our hour of meeting was 2 o'clock, not later, an was stated erroneously. Re the nature of bones found no medical testimony has been obtained concerning them ; but even if they were found to be animal instead of human, it is none the less annoying that one's private researches should be paraded in the light of public opinion or derision. With reference to the lifting of the stone, I neither gave nor obtained permission to have it raised. I was merely present as a witness to the operation at my own request. Trusting you will, in justice to myself and others concerned in the matter, insert this. Yours, etc., EDWARD B. GAWNE. N.B. Neither the ladies nor myself ever saw the ghost or stated that we had. E.B.G. September 12. [Sober . minded people will, no doubt, form their own opinion of the strangers- ceedings. -ED, M.J 