MIY AiNT'S ADVENTVIRE. BY oioneE DO zINO Ra '". / iF The following incident: is' a strictly true bcount of an adventorethat happened to my aunt, more than fifty years ago, in the city of London. We were all gathered around the Chbist. mas fire, and, as was our wont, after the tfee? tivities of the day, were telling ghost storis?I It was a sort of cuastom in our family to tell veird and ghostly tales on that evening. On, this particular night our Aunt Alice was present, and after some persuading, con sented to tell us something that happened to herawhen a-girl ------ - -- "What I am going to tell is not a ghost story. It is an adventure that befell me many1 years ago, 'when Burking' was, a; common. crime. 'No doubt you 'all know 'whi that means, as a case occurred not long ago in Baltimore. For those-who do not understand' I will explain. - "In those days the opportunities ofpro. curing bodies for medical exposition, and instruoction were limited. The students and professors were therefore compelled to resort to all sorts of underhand means, snah as robbing' churchyards and rifling tombs. But bodies could not be procured fast enough even by such means. There now appeared a man who invented a plan for which he became notorious. A fellow called Burke. This wretch would hire some ruffian to steal up behind a man or woman and throw a powerful sticking plaster over his victim's mouth. Strangulation would shortly ensue and the murderer would then take the body to some medical college and sell it for a high price, as it would be free from all fracture. -his was what we understood by ' Burking,'i *n', alas I it accounted only too truly for many of the mysterious disappearances in those days. ".Wp were liviqg a thg time of my alvcn tnre if the heart of the' Mfodern .Babylon.' Osie night father ind I were left alone in the house, the rest of the family having gone to yisit some friends. We were talking together ,n his study, when he suddenly remembered I that he had an important communication to .give so my uncle. S"'Oh,' child. I am sorry they have gone oati' hea exclaimed. S" 'Why?' I' asked. " Your uncle should have got thatletter without fail to.night, and now it is impos sible.' " "'Canot Igo?' "'Absurdl No, child, under no circum. setncoes.' "' Oh, but father,' I continued, 'you know it is not farmto uncle's, and the streets are lighted all the way. I must go. shan't be more than half an hour; nothing on earth can happen tome.' "I am afraid I was rather fond of hav inag my own way in those days; for go I did, with the parting' admonition, 'Don't stay at your uncle'e, but hurry home,' ring ing in my ears. "My uncle's house was about a mile from ours. There were two ways of getting to it; one,by a read, although it took longer, was well lighted; the other was by a cross-cut through numerous small street and alleys.. "The night was cold and damp. After a brink walk I reached my uncle's, gave my message and the valuable letter, and was about to go when one of my cousins, running up to me, said,-- ' ' "' Oh, Annie, can't you stop aminute and see my new dress?" ' * Well I'll stop one minute and no longer,' I replied. "But one minute was prolonged to two, and two to threw, and still I lingered. The new dress was so:absorbing a topis that it had banished my father's words entirely from my mind. I do not know how long I should have stayed had not my eye at last caught sight of the clock, and I saw to my dismay that it, was half-past nine. The parting words of my father came to my mind, and r was heartily sorry for my thoughless dis-. obedience. "' Oh, girls, I must go I don't say anothed word I Good-by.' " Throwing on my cloak and seizing my hat, I rushed down stairs. I almost ran nowt in my. haste to make up for lost time. Suddenly the thought, ' since you are so late, why not take the short cutll' came to my mind,' and I acted upon it immediately. "There were only a few people in the streets as I walked home, and they seemed to get fewer as I approached what had been pointed out to melas ' Thieves' Alley.' "Past gloomy little shoes, which Dickens so ,marvellously descrt ines to' hi great works, and past numerous odd turnings, I hurried. Through ' Thieves' Alley,' quiet as a mouse, I stole. I had passed the worst now, I thought. "I next came to a street bounded on both sides by dilapidated houses. The placs was so silent that I heard the echo of my owd footsteps. I do not know what it was, but a feeling of impending danger so fell upon, my mind I stoppedandlistened The street' was silent and deserted. I crept along with, eye and ear strained to catch the slightest sound. I had reached the middle of the block when I heard a step behind me. Be. fore I could look around my arms were seized, and a terrible weight was ov?_sing into my back. I tried to scream ow my throat seemed paralyzed with fright. I was in the hands of one of the ' Burke' gang I He had been lying in wait for me, and would kill me I "Oh. the horror of that moment ! I shall never forget it. The ruffian tlhe3 began to draw my arms together. I saw his purpose. He wanted to hold my arms with one hand, so that with the other he might put the dreaded plaster on my face. Suddenly a thought-it was God-given came to my mind If I could wrench my arms free at the moment he would hold them with his one hand I might esospe. Slowly he brought my arms together. His powerful hand was already grasping my wrists when, with all the nervous passion of dispair, I threw my two fists back over my shoulders, and struck the villain full in the face. An oath, followed by a fall, was all I heard. I flew. Girls cean run as well as boys sometimes. Bothorror l the wretch was following me. Footsteps rattled on the pavement behind. I tore on, but my breath was going. My pursuer was rapidly approaching, still I reeled on, when -rapture never to be forgotten-I saw a 'peeler,' (that was what they called a poliae. man in those days) approaching. The loot. steps behind me stopped. I was saved l "I gained the highway and reached our housnee, In order to'gain the instant atten. tion of those inside, I thrustimy arm through the front window. There was a crash, andI fell fainting on the steps. Father came run sing out and carried me in, where after a time I told him all. "That is my adventure; and in oonolusion, my ant continuedo, " I trust no one of you will ever have to undergo such an ex perience." 