MUSIC & THE DRAMA DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. I[Br TOUCIsBTONE.] A. remarkably strong amateur cast has, I understand, been secured in connection with the dramatic performance shortly to be given by Mr Lawrence Campbell at the Academy of Music. Mr Campbell, who is an excellent actor, will make .his first app.arance in Launceston in drama on the occasion. I learn from Mr Melville Stackbhouse, secretary of the Academy of Music Com pany, that Mr Charles Holloway, at the head of a specially selected dramatic com bina in, will visit Launceston within the next few months. Mr Sidney Colville, who appears at the Academy of Music to-morrow evening, is a clever artist in his special line of business. He has for years past held a good reputa. tion throughout the colonies and India. I note that Mr Leader'Williams is to supply theLongford Hall with proscenium, act drop, and new scenery. I congratulate the hall authorities upon the progressive spirit displaycd. Now that Mr Williams is in the North I would advise those who have the control of other country halls to secure his services. He is a thoroughly capable scenic artist and de -corator, and I have no doubt would be happy to meet the wishes of all concerned upon reasonable terms. Mr Williams was for a considerable time connected with some of the leading dramatic and operatic com binations in Australia and New Zealand as artist and lime light manipulator. Many of our provincial places of amusement are sadly in want of the services of a com petent theatrical decorator, and now would be the time to secure a specially trained man. I was afforded atB 6pportunity of exam'n. ing a number of artistically made wigs at the establishment of Mr William Aldred recently. All displayed evidences of capable workmanship, no pains apparently having been spared to render each as perfect as possible. Mr Aldrel learnt his trade from one of the best, if not the very best wig maker in Austra'ia, namely, Mr W. Aldred senior of Hobart. Many Australian aotors prefer Aldred's wigs to any they can procura across the straits. The Jubilee Singers are at present doing a tour of the Northern Tasmanian pro vinces. Their entertainments have proved as enjoyable as ever. The following are the attractions at pre sent offring at the leading Melbourne and Sydney thea'res :-Melbourne: Princess's, " Iolanthe." Sydney:: Her Majesty's, -" Man to Man;" Criterion, " Niobe;" Lyceum, "Joan of Arc?'" D-1 B'and Holt anda'dramatic company arc likely to play a season at the Sydney Lyceum within the next few months, in Which cas e ' Pleasure " will be produced. In Mr Walter Bentley's production of ? Hamlet" at Ad llide, Miss Marie Fraser weas Ophelia, Miss Kate Bishop the queen, 'Miss Vivienne Osric, Mr E. B. Russell the :King, Mr H. Stondham the Ghost, Mr Zachlan M'Gowan, Polonius, and Mr H. R. Roberts, Laeres. Launcestonians will, learn with interest 'that MrW. J. Holloway's AuEtralian repre aenhtative, Mr'W.. . Gates, has received a' letter from Mrs.Holloway, with respect to) the Australian ector's successful appear ance as " King {Lear " at the Lyceum last January. "'When the company assembledt on the morning o-of the 19th for rehearsal of ' Beckett,' Mrs Holloway writes- Word came 'that Mr Irvine was ill-he had been 'riling for some days-and that 'the theatre must ilose. Here was a situ ation. Bram'Stoker, that prince of mana gers, came to W. J. and asked, Will you play tLear' tonight ? ' Na, he ceuld not; but he would the next night. Then came the enquiry,' Then will you read it, and save tte closing of the theatre, which w?ould be fatal to, the run of the p1Rgl ' Yes, he weold do that, and started at once for home. This was at 2 80 pm.. [In the train be suddenly remembered that it would be impossible for him to read a line with out glasses. -,Now; what was to be -done? Nothing but master the words. Reaching home at;8 o'clock, he shut himself in the study, and went to ,work in earnest; and after ashlsety, attempt to eat dianer,n,?e started for the theatre by the oe.cloek train. i"ollowed by a later one--got :a quiet seatout of sight and waited events. There was a very fice house, but MIes Terry had but a half- hearted reception. ;: HEolloway cone at all-the audiecet wero evidently- chilled and ispressed, at the.end of the firs act there was a terrific8 l. and such cheee, that my heart went up with q bound. At the end of the second, after th, great curse.scene, the curtain was ?iselt and Mr Holloway was cecalled twice 'to ib applaudedesnd cheered gloriously, and sq on to the end of the pl-'. The cormang, who had allasPe ambled isothe wings, gave him three great cheers after the curteain ad :fallen on the last act. Et was a night L shall naver forget. Going round to the , green room I met Henry Howe, the .oldest acte' on the English stage ,who had ,layed in ,' Lear' switi xMacready --rand he said, that never in his sfo0 years expecisnce ot the ege had he seen anything so mrnrvellous as for an actor to study sucha?lfpart and pla- it without rehears sl at three hours' notice-a perfor .m~ance by whic~ Mr Bol'orway.ctepped into the firont rank of London ahors. Then carneIlr Willi'as Terriss. Said he, 'Had .my salvation depended upon it, i couldn't )havetl.)ne it.' 'Ne?xt Alfred Bi hls (brother itolissiKate Bishop). 'If they sd offered .une the treahold ofthis theatre lcHuld not hravealone it.' And so on with others. lslr Irving wrote aieslghtful letteroaying, ' Ehearyau did splendidly, and 't serves y-ce rightf There is no more chairmng man in England, or out of it, than s~enry Irvng.an qpinion I bveo often ezpressed to you eleore. Mr Holloway played itear for tiree nights, then, to the greet hap piness of everyone, Mr Irving recovered, and on the Moudayihe played, but arranged with Mr Holloway to alternate the pant with him for the remainder of the rsun, which they are now doing. I think Mr Hollo.vay'e only feeling ke the mstter was his great d sre to spare Mr Irving any worry or anxiety. I don't think the importanc.e of the event for Simself ever entered into his mind, though he cannot jhelp realising it now, Mrs. Rloroway adds 4hat Mr Holitway's health is good, es-d his voice in splendid ecidition." '1e Times of 'January 20th, in refecring to the event said :--"' Mr Irving, feeling scome what, unwell yesterday mcrning, did not deem it advi able to undertake the arduous charnuter of King Lear last evening, and reques:sEd Mr Ho!?ovay to fulfil the part. He hopes, hoe ever, that after a rest he will be able to resum: his role at the Lyceum this evening. D' Holloway achieved a dia·'ict sueCesJ, and was 'called' at the end of each act, and greeted with warm applause at the final fall of the curtain." '4he London Daily T?5':grapi remarked - " Mr Irving was somewhat indisrosed last evening, and did not play his part in 'King Lear.' It was taken at shoit notice and without rehearsal by Mr Holloway, who gave an admirable performance." Amateur theatricals are now a 1 the rage in the highest circles of English society. Her Majesty the Queen recently wai a spectator ot histriunic display in the Indian ]Room at Osbe roe,Oliver Goldsmith's ever-enj ,yable comedy, " She Stoops to Conquer," being performed. As on the occasia2 of the tableaux, the Princess Louise (Marchioness of Lorne) and the Princess Beatrice (Princesse Henry of Battenbtrg) arranged the entire enter tainment, which passed off most success fully. Mr Waterfield acted as prompter, and Colonel A. Collins as stage manager. The wigs and costumes were by Mr Clark Eon, the well-known theatrical costumier and wig-maker,and the scenery was painted byMr Reuben Cole. The music was by Mr Rutland's amateur orchestra from Cowes. The following is the programme, which was printed in Royal blue on white card board:-" She Stoops to Conquer," a comedy in five acts, by Oliver Goldsmith. Act I. Scene 1-gallery in Mr Hardcastle's, House. Scene 2-Ale House. "Three Pigeor " Acts II, III., and IV. Parlour in Mr Hardcastle's House. Act V. Scene 1-garden at Mr Hardcaetle's. Scene 2 parlour in Mr Hardcastle's House. Period abou b 1770.Characters -Sir Charles Marlow, Mr V. Biddulph; Hardcastle,Colonel Arthur Collins; Young Marlow, Mr Fritz Pon sonby; Hastings, Major Arthur. Bigge; Tony Lumpkin, Mr Arthur Ponsonby; Stingo, innkeeper, Diggory, servant, Major the hon H. C. Legge; Roger, servant, Mr ýA. Cowell; Jack Slang, General Sir Henry Ponsonby; Tom Tickle, Marquis of Lorne; Twilt, Mr A. Cowell; Mrs Hardcastl', Miss Mazdalen Ponsonby ; Mi-s Hardcastle, H.R.H. the Princess Louise, Marchioness of Lorne ; Miss Neville, H.R.H. the Princess Beatrice, Princess Henry - of Bat`nberrg; ;Maid, Miss Minnie Cockrane; God Save the Queen. Mr Irving has reduced "Becket" froms five acts to four, for which he had the late Lord Tennyson's permission. As it stood, it was much longer than " King Lear." According to the South Australian Register Mr P. A. Howell', who, in con junction with Mr C. J. Stevens, is arrang ing for th-, engagement of Madame Antoinette Sterling, received a cable message from London recently advising him that the talented artist would arrive at Adelaide at the end of May. Mme. Amy Sherwin is touring the Eng. lish provinces with a company of which Mr Edward Lloyd is the star, supported by Senor Arbos (violinist), M. Sioveking (pianist), and Miss Ada Tomlinson. Lovers of Music will be sorry to learn of the serious accident which has befallen M. Ovide Musin and his wife, A. L. Tannen, the highsoprano. It appears that on Mon day, January 9; the coucert party was in a wreck on the North-Western Rasilway, near Story City, Iowa, U.S.A., with the result, accerding to a local paper, that Musin was dreadfully shaken, and. from''"a robust and healthy man, with coal black hair, became beat and broken, his hair and beard almost anow white." Poor Musin is now at Des :-oines, suing the railway company for 88,000dol damages, 2?,00e:for himself and •9000 for his wife. There was "a grand MIelba concert" at he .Dome, Brighton, 'on February. 4, at which the Australian star sang Tosti's " Good-bye," accompanied by the composer, the " Ave Maria" from " Cavalleria lRus:i cana," the grand air from " Lucia," andl Arditti's "Se Saran .s?se." Mme. Mibap had as her estl pianist and accompanist during her provincial English tour just comileted a young IWew Zealander, Mr George Clutsam, who is well known inrtbh colonies through hie musical association with Miss Amy Sherwin. Mr Clutsan has evidently keen distinguishing himself bath as a composer and performer. 