JStory Coluiiifu s F ; 1 r— NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. SHORT STORIES BY WORLD FAMOUS AUTHORS. . ' 1 ) No. 3. IN REMEMBRANCE OF | JOHN INGERFIELD, AMD OF ANNE HIS WIFE. £ STOR.Y OF OLD LONDON. By JEROME K. JEROME, tntoor of " Three Men in a Boat," " Idle , ' Thoughts of an Idle Follow," io. jtiMV-OTEEHSI/AND MOnTS BSSBBVZD. yDOMPLETE jy THREE INSTALMENTS. ClLirTEIt I. /. If you take the underground railway "Whiteehapel road (tho East station), ' 'and from there take one of the yellow -tramoara that start from that point and go 7 «down tho Commercial road, past "The George," in front of whioh stands— or jjused to etund — a high iiugataff, at the aase of whioh Bits — or used to sit — an wlderly female purvoyor of pigs' trotters tot chree ha'pence apiece, untilyoucometo tffhcroarailway arch crosses the road ob liquely ; and there get down nnd turn to the ijcightup a narrow, noisy street leading to< 4he river, and then to the right again up » still narrower street, which you may (know by its having a public-house at ifrno comer (as is in the nature of vhings) and a marine store dealer's ht the other, outside . which strangely '\yrtifE and unaccommodating garments of gigantic- size flutter ghost-like in the |yjind, you will come to a dingy railed-in 'hnrchyard, surrounded on all sides by mheerless, many-peopled houses. Sod- jlooking little old houses they are, in spite -|bfthe tumult of life about their ever (open! doors. They and the ancieat jphurch in their midst seem weary of the "feeaseleBS janglo around them. Perhaps Standing there so many years, listening vjo the long silence of the dead, the fretful %oioeB of the living sound foolish in their ((fears. f Peering through the railings on the side ' blearest the river, you will see beneath . cthe shadow of the soot-grimed ohuroh's \ oot-grimed porch — that is, if the sun Siappen, by ruro chance, to he high tonough and strong enough to cast any i bhadow at all in that region of light- lb curiously high and narrow headstone nhat once wus white and straight, ( Wot tottering and bent with age as it Sb now. Thero is upon this stone a carving Inn has relief, as you will seo for yourself p£ you make your way to it through the gateway on the opposite side of the (Square. It represents, so far qb can_ he (jtnade out, for it is much worn by time and dirt, a figure lying on the ground, Kwith another figure bending over it, nvhile at a little distanoe stands a third v (object, but this last is so indistinct that St might be almost anything, from an tongel to a horse. ' And below the carving are the words : jjfhlready half obliterated) that I have used por the title of this story. V ' Sould you over wander of a Sunday Ijpiorning within sound of tho craoked bell groat cailB a few habit-bound, olu-fuBiiioned jolk to worship within those damp-Btained . jwalls, and drop into talk with the old men Svho on such days sit, each in hiB hrass- fbuttoned long brown coat, upon the low totone coping underneath those broken sailings, you might hear this tale from pern, as I did more years ago than I care $0 reoolleot. Put lest you do not ohoose to go to all Shis trouble, or lost the old men who teould tell it you have grown tired of all |alk, aud are not to he roused ever again Jnto the telling of tales, and you yet ' wish for the story, I will here set it down J(or you. . Put I cannot recount it to you as they (hold it to me, for to me it was only a tale ' Sthat I heard and remember, thinking to fcell it again for profit, whiio. to them it \- 9was a thing that had been, and the threads M>f it were interwoven with the woof of rahoir own life. As they talked, faces £fchat I did not see passed by among the (Wowd and turned and looked at them, jtrad voioes that I did not hear spoke to jthsm below the clamour of tho street ; so jtthat through their thin, piping voices Others quivered tho deep music of life and deatb, and my tale must be to theirs but bs a gossip'B chatter to the story of him .Whose breast has felt the preBB of battle. ' ifohn' lagerfield, oil and hdlow xeflnor, Lavender wharf, Limehouse, comes of a . hard-headed, bard-fisted staok. The first bf the race that the eye of Record, piero- Sng the deepening mists lupon the eenturies behind her, iB able to diecern with any clearness is a long-haired, sea- bronzed personage, . whom men call variously Inge or Unger. Oat of the wild North Sea he haB come. Peoord ob serves him, ono of a small, fierce group, (Standing on the sands of desolate North- mmbria, staring landward, his worldly 'gweolth upon his back.' This consists of jlto two-handed battleaxo, value; perhaps, ((some forty stycas in the ourrenoy of tho .time. A careful man, with1 .business Capabilities, may, however, manipulate I Ismail capital to groat advantage, an swhat would appear to those accustomed to our slow modern methods, an inoredibly ishort space of time, Ingo's two-handed battleaxo has developed into wide lands and many head of cattle, whioh latter continuo to multiply with a vapidity beyond the droams of present- day brooders- Inge's descendants would Deem to havo inherited tho genius of thoir ancestor, for they prosper, and then- worldly goods nicreuso. 'Ihoy ure a Ttnonoy-making race. Iu ull times, out «>f all things, by all mouns, they make money. Thoy light for money,, marry ijfor monoy, live for money, are ready to tilftfyirwmA In the days when the most salable and the highest priced article in the markets of Europe was a strong arm and a oool head, then each Ingerfield (as " Inge" long-rooted in Yorkshire" soil had grown to) was a soldier of fortune, and offered hiB strong arm and his cool head to tho highest bidder. Thoy fought for their price, and thoy took good care that thoy obtained their price; but, tho prico settled, they fought woll, for thoy were Btanoh and true men, according to their lights, though these lights may have been placed somewhat low down, near tho earth. Thon followed the days when the chief riohoB of the world lay tossed for daring hands to grasp upon the bosom of the sea, and the sleeping spirit of the old Norse Eover stirred in their hearts, and the lilt of a wild soa song they had never heard kept ringing in their ears ; and they built them ships and sailed for the Spanish main, and won much wealth, as was their wont. Later on, when civilisation began to lay down and enforce sterner rules for the game of life, and peaceful methods pro mised to , prove more profitable than violent, the Ingerfields became traders and. merchants of grave mein and sober life, for their ambition from generation to generation remains ever the same, their various callings being but means to an end. A hard, stem race of men they would seem to have been, hut just, so far as they understood justice. They have the reputation of having been good husbands, fathers, and mastors, hut one cannot help thinking of them as more respected than loved. They were men to exact the uttermost farthing due to them, yot, not without a sense of tho thing due from themselves, their own duty and responsibility — nay, not altogether without their moments of heroism, which iB the'duty of great men. History relates how a certain Captain Ingorfield, returning with muoh treasure from the West Indies — how aoquiried it is, perhaps, best not to inquire too oloseiy — is overhauled upon the high seas by King's frigate. Captain of King's frigate Bends polite message to Captain Ingerfield, requesting him to be so kind as to promptly hand over a certain mem ber of liis ship's company, who, by some means or another, has made himBolf ob jectionable to King's friends, in order that he (tho said objectionable person) may be forthwith hanged from the yard- arm. Captuin Ingerfield returns polite answer to Captain of King's frigate that he (Captain Ingerfield) will, with muoh pleasure, hang any member of his ship's company that needs hanging, but that neither the King of England nor anyone else on God Almighty's sea is going to do it for him. Captain of King's frigate sends back word that if objeotionable persou is not at once given up, he shall be compolled with much regret to send Captain Ingerfield and his ship to tho bottom of the Atlantic. Replies Captain Ingerfield, ''That is just what he will have to do before I give up one of my people,' and fights the big frigate — fights it so fiercely that after throe hours, Cap- . tain of King's frigato thinks it will be good to try argumont again, and sends therefore a further message, courteously acknowledging Captain Ingerfield'e cour age and skill, and suggesting that he having done sufficient to vindicate his honour and renown, it would be politic to now hand ovor the unimportant oanse of contention, and so escape with his treasure. ' Tell your captain,' shouts baok this Ingerfield, who has disoovered there are sweater things to fight for than .even money ; ' that The Wild Goose has flown tho seas with her belly full of treasure before now, and will, if it he God's pleasure, so do again, but that master and man in her Bail together, fight together, and die together.' , Whereupon King's frigate poundB away more vigorously than ever, and suaceedB eventually in carrying out her threat. Dtflvn goes ' Tho Wild Goose' ; her last chase ended — down Bho goes with a plunge, spit foremost, with her colours flying ; and down with her goes every man left standing on her deoks; and at the bottom of the Atlantic they lie to this day, master and man side by side keeping guard upon their treasure. Whioh incident, and it is. well authen ticated, goes far to prove that the Inger fields, hard men and grasping men, though they be--men, caring more for the getting of money than for the getting of love- — loving more the cold grip of gold than the grip of kith or kin, yet bear, buried in their hearts the seeds of a nobler manhoed, for wftich, however, the barren soil of their ambition affords scant nourishment. The John Ingerfield of this story is a man very typioal of IjiB race. He has dissevered that the oil aqd tallow refining business, though not a pleasant one, is an exceedingly lucrative one. These are tho good dayB -when George the Third is king, and London is rapidly becoming a oity of bright night. Tallow and oil and all materials akin to them are in ever growing request, and young John Ingerfield buildB himself a large refining house and ware house in the growing suburb of Limehouse which lies between the teeming river and the quiet fields, gathers many people round about him, puts his strong heart into his work and prospers. . All the days of youth he' labours and gamers, and lays out again and garners yet again. In early middle age he finds \- himself a wealthy man. Tho chief busi ness of life, the gotting of money, is praotioally done ; his enterprise is firmly established and, will continue to grow with over less noed of husbandry. It is time for him to think about the secondary business of fife, the getting together of a wife and home, for the Ingerfields have always been good citizens, worthy heads of families, open hnnded hosts, making a brave show among friends and neighbours. John Ingerfield, sitting in his stiff, high-baokod chair, in his stiffly, hut solidly, furnished dining-room, above his counting-houso, sipping ulowly his one glass of port, tukes counsol with himoolf. What shall slio bo. He is rioh and can afford a good articlo. Slio must bo young and handsome, fit to grace the fine hoiica lie v/ill take for her in fasliionublo Bloorasbnry, tar from the odour and touch of oil and tallow, (she must bo woll bred, with a gracious, noblo maimer that will ohurm his guests and 1 reflect honour and oredit upon himsolf. . J3ho muBAbove all, ho of. good family,. with' a genealogical tree sufficiently um- hragiou3 to hide Lavender Wharf from the eyes of soaioiy. What ehe ehe may or may not be he does not vory much care. She will, of course, be virtuous, and moderately pious, as it is fit and proper that women should ho. It will also bo well that her disposi tion bo gentle and yielding, but that ib of minor importance, at all events, so far as he is concerned. Tho Ingerfield husbands are not the olassof men upon whom wives vent their tempers. Having decided in his mind what, Bho shall be, he proceeds to disouss with him self who she shall be. Hie social circle ib small. Methodioally, in thought, he makes the entire found of it, mentally scrutinising every maiden that be knows. Some are charming,' some are fair, some are rioh, but no one of them approaches near to Mb carefully considered ideal. He keeps the subject in his mind, and muses on it in the intervals of badness. At odd moments he jots down names as they occur to him upon a slip of paper which he pins for the purpose on the in side of the eover of his desk. He arranges them alphabetically, and when it is as complete as bis memory can make it, he goes critically down the list making a few notes against each. As a result, it becomes clear to him that he must seek among strangers for hiB wife. He has a friend, or rather an acquaint ance, an old schoolfellow, who has developed into one of those ourious sooial flies that in all ages are to be mot with buzzing contentedly witMn the most exclusive circles, and concerning whom, Bering that they are neither rare nor rioh, nor extraordinarily clever nor well horn, ono wonders 'how the devil they got there !' Meeting this roan by chance one afternoon, he links his arm in his and invites him home to dinner. So soon as they axe left alone with the walnuts and wine between them, John Ingerfield says, thoughtfully craoking a hard nut between his fingers— _ ' Will, I'm going to get married.' ' Excellent idea — delighted to hear it, I'm sure,' replies Will, somewhat less interested in the information than in the delicately flavoured Madeira he is lovingly sipping. ' Who's the lady ?' ' I don't know yet,' is John Inger- flold's answer. His friend glanoes slily at him over his glass, not sure whether he is expected to be amused or sympathetically helpful. ' I want you to find one for me.' Will Gatheartpnts down his glass, and 'stares at his hast aoross the table. ' Should be delighted to help you, 1 Jaok,' he stammers in an alarmed tone; , ' 'pon my soul, I should ; but really don't : know a single woman I could recommend, 'pon my soul I don't.' ' You must see a good many, I wish you'd look but for one that youeould recommend.' ' Certainly I will, my dear Jaok,' answers the other in a relieved voice, ' never thought about 'em in that way before. Daresay I shall come aoross the very girl to suit you. I'll keep my eyes open aud let you know.' ' I shall be obliged to you if you will,' replies John Ingerfield, quietly, ' and it's your turn I think to oblige me, .Will. I have obliged you, if you recollect.' ' Shall never forget it, my dear Jaok,' murmurs Will, a little uneasily. 'It was uncommonly good of you, You saved me from ruin, Jaok— shall think about it to my dying day.' ' No need to lot it worry you f or so long a period as that,' returns John with the faintest suspicion of a smile playing round his firm mouth. ' Tha bill falls due at tho end-of next month. You can discharge the debt then, and the matter will be off your mind.' Will finds his chair growing uncom fortable under him while the Madeira somehow looses its flavour. He gives a short nervous laugh. ' By .Tovo,' he savs, ' so soon as that ? The date had quite'slipped my memory.' . ' Fortunate that I reminded you,' says John, the smile round his lips deepening. Will fidgets on his seat. ' I'm afraid, my dear Jaok,' he says, ' I shall have to get you to renew it, juBt for a month or two — deuoed awkward thing, but I'm. remarkably short of money this year. Truth is, I can't get what's owing to myself.' ' That's very awkward, certainly,' replies Mb friend, ' beoauso I'm not at nil sure that I Bhall be able to renew it.' Will stares at him in some alarm. ' But what am I to do if I haven't the money?' John Ingerfield shrugs hisBhonlders. ' You don't mean, my dear Jaok, that you would put me in prison ?' ' Why not ? Other people havo to go there who can't pay their ' debts.' Will Cathoort's alarm grows to serious proportions. 'But our friendBMp,' ho cries, ' onr I ' My dear Will,' interrupts the other; ' there are few frionds I would lend three hundred pounds to, and make no effort to got it hock. You certainly are riot one of them.' ' Lot us make a 'bargain,' he continues. ' Find mo a wife, and on the day of my marriage I will send you back that bill with, perhaps, a couple of hundred added. If by the end of next month yon have not introduced mo to a lady, fit to ho and willing to ho Mrs. John Ingerfield, I shall decline to ronow it.' John Ingerfield re-fills his own glass and hospitably pushes the bottlo towards his guest, who, howevor, contrary to . his custom, takes no notice of it, but stares hard at his shoe buckles. ' Are you serious?' ho says at length. 'Quite serious,' iB the answer. 'I want to marry. My wife must be a lady by birth and education. She must be of good family — of family sufficiently good, indcod, to compensate for the refinery. She must be young and beautiful and charming. I am purely a business man ; I want a -woman capable of conducting tho social department of my life. I know of no such lady myself. I appeal to you, because you, I know, are intimate with the class among whom she must bo ' There may bo somo difficulty in per suading a lady of the required qualifica tions to accopt tho situation,' ouys Cath- CM'fc. with a touch of malice. ' I want you to find ono who will,' says John Ingorfield. Early in tho ovoning, Will Qathcart takes leave of lus house, and departs thoughtful and anxiouB; and J olin Inger- . , field- strolla contpmpJahvfllyxipAnriown his wharf, for the smell of oil and tallow has grown to be very sweet to him, and it is pleasant to watoh the moonbeams shining on the piled-up casks.- Six weeks go by. TO BE CONTINUED TO-MOEltOW. 