gMmtg-emenfcg. THEATRE ROYAL. ME. BENTLEY'h HAMLET. In the sombre procession of Hamlets on the Adelaide stage, stretching back in the perspective of the dramatic past to the days when Shakspeare did not always spell ruin to the theatrical Manager here, we find a few distinct figures breaking the general monotony of this line of Shakspearian actors. Ireland's Prince of Denmark was of the nervous, energetic order; Rayner's was self-restrained, more acceptable to the dress - circle than to the gallery; Montgomery's proved a classical character, stripped of conventional tragedy, exquisite y finished and vividly portrayed, a Hamlet to remember as a starting point for comparison; Herr Bandmann's version was Germanic and deep in tone; Fairclough's was a very subtle study, resembling Montgomery's in a measure in its strong feeling and artistic treatment; the gallant, accomplished Prince Hamlet of Charles Warner had for its keynote the presumption that there was method in his madness; he was a living figure in a group of puppets as far as the scheme waB concerned ; Mr. Miln when he was here gave us a robust, well- knit, goodproportioned Hamlet, better in action than in soliloquy, lacking in fire and feeling, but inspiring respect in many points. Mr. Walter Bentley's treatment of this many-featured j character — this psychological paradox — is ; exactly what one would expect from an i actor of great natural ability, clear brain, and patient, persevering disposition who has ' studied nnder Irving. Like Montgomery and j Fairclough, the two greatest exponents ot the part we have had here, Mr. Bentley is happily free from mannerism and staginess, except some I little tricks of speech which can hardly come withm the category, llis walk is natural, his bearing manly, and his by-play full of delicate details so cleverly contrived that only j the keenest observer can consider them studied. But we are anticipating. Let us speak of his reception on Saturday nighb aud ! then deal with his doings. It is with a feeling ; of positive strangeness that we record the fact \ that the popular parts of the house were filled i tooverflowing—indeed people were turned away ! from the gallery at half-past 7. This sounds curious after the experience of the past year. The dress - circle did not respond so well, but its occupants ware the critical and the studious, many of the faceB being those most often seen when the legitimate drama holds the boards. When the i new tragedian appeared he was greeted as warmlyaB he could have wished, and as he proceeded to unfold by word and action his plan of Hamlet's inner nature the house followed I with keen interest, and called him forth on curtain-fall at every interval. The develop- i ment of that sore distraction with which the heir to Denmark's throne is punished was carefully and conscientiously wrought to the tragic finish, but it strikes us that the courteous quality of Hamlet's noble nature is hardly so graciously expressed as we have seen it done, for Hamlet is essentially a gallant gentleman, versed in all the manly sports, accomplishments, and ceremonious duties of the time, and courtesy sits well on him when the call is made. Perhaps Mr. Bentley, wishing to accentuate the grief and morbid tone of Hamlet's temper, purposely makes him cold in his welcome of his guests and in his commands for their proper dispoaal. In some versions Hamlet throws off his morbid air and becomes the stately courtly prince, thus showing by strong contrast the darkness of his moodiness when the fit is on him, and the complexity of his character as a whole. Mr. Bentley, however, may see a subtler meaning in the phrase:—" Come then: the appurtenance of welcome is fashion and ceremony ; let me comply with you in this garb, lest my ext6nt to the players, which I tell you must show fairly outward, should more appear like entertainment than yours." We do not suggest for a moment that the actor entirely overlooked the refinement of Hamlet —in tone, air, and thought expressed there stood before the house a man of princely mien, born and bred in a Court, with all such advantages that his exaltedl position could give him, a student, a cavalier, and one of nature's noblemen. That was all apparent; it was abstraction and the lack of warmth when custom called for feeling that seemed to mar, though slightly, an otherwise admirable department. This was noticeable even in the close association with Horatio. The intellectuality of Hamlet is one of Mr. Bentley's trump cards. He plays upon the sensitive strings* of his hero's morbid mind with the tender touch of one who knows the delicate instrument well. Many will agree with us that the finest piece of acting in the whole absorbing performance was in his treatment of Ophelia. There was so much of tenderness without passion and nervous agony without fierceness, which crave double significance to Ophelia's heart-broken, pathetic cry— O what a ncble irind is here o'e-tjirown! The courtier'.", soiiUer's, scholar's eye, tongae, SVi-crd; The expectancy and rcso of the fair state The glass of fashion and the njou'd of form. It was indeed a shuddering eight to see That noble and most sovereign reason, Lite sweet hells jangled out of tune and harsh. And this scene was made the more impressive by the attitude and tone of the distraught Prince in the delivery of the famous soliloquy "To be or not to be," which immediately precedes this painful, powerfully pourtrayed interview. Mr. Bentley was selfreetnuned in the trying scene with his royal mother, and did not behava with the almost frantic violence some actors assume. Indeed much of the same chivalry which wa? interwoven with his wild words in dealing with Ophelia appeared to serve hiin in the ordeal with the Queen, despite the horror and disgust which jarred the fine, highly strung tinews of his lofty mind. But we might cover pages in analyzing Mr. Bentley's diagnosis of Hamlet's mental constitution. The public had better see arid study it for themselves, aud they will not be disappointed. As we have already indicated, his demeanour is manly and noble, his elocutionartiBtic, and his sty le marked by such originality as is leftto the impersonator of the wayward Prince. It is noticeable that he uses the version " a hawk from a handsaw," in stead of " a hawk from a kernshaw," which Fairclough favoured as being more classical. Mr. Bentley does not seek the aid of material paintings in the scene where he compares the two kings, and considering that more often than not the Royal lineaments are not flatteringly depicted by the theatrical artist it is just as tvell to leave them to the imagination aa he does, although we do not quite like the action of pointing upward and downward in substitution. We cannot congratulate him upon the get- up of Hamlet's noble father's ghost. That stately spectre came on in armour clad of course, but also oovered from head to foot in some gauzy material which made him ridiculously resemble an Afghan on a camel-track. Moreover, he was so near the footlights that one could see the chalky artificial bleaching of his beard, and when, afterwards, he backed down the Btap3 from the rear he displayed an anxiety about his precarious footing that ill becomes an impalpable form with silent footfall and a capacity for resolving itself into nothing. Tne best ghost scene we have ever had at the Theatre Royal was where a portion of the palace wall become luminous and disclossd the apparition, who then made his slow aud shadowless march. On Saturday night Mr. Stoneham's style of ghost did not excite our awe. Mr. E. B. Russell made a conventional Claudius, and wore his robes and crown at Ophelia's funeral. Miss Kate Bishop made a comely Gertrude, but was not particularly strong in the scene with her stern, distracted, upbraiding s^n. We have little else but praise for Miss Marie Fraser's Ophelia It was gentle, maidenly, and graceful, without self - consciousness, the main defect beinsr a peculiarity in enunciation. She has what actresses value highly—a singularly flexible, pliant figure—and her movements were easy and natural. The mad scene was touchingly worked out. As for Ophelia's venerable father, Polonius, he had better justice done him by Mr. L. MacGowan than usually falls to his lot, for that gentleman presented him as a dignified though of couree garrulous old man, whose demeanour suggested that he had reached the rank of Lord Chamberlain by good servioe. Polonius is often made a doddering old gabbler, bnt he appeared in a better guise on Saturday night, and his advice to his son was given in the authoritative but kindly parental manner of a grey-bearded man of the world, who knew its way6 and wiles. The wayward Hamlet treated him with less of the contempb than usually falls to his lot when actors of less judgment than Mr. Bentley chaff him in the classic terms of the text. The gravedigging scene was not EO well carried out as it has been here in Adelaide, but the house relished the grim wit of the old earthworm and his companion well enough. Of the rest of the cast we must take occasion to speak another lime. It was as follows •— "LaerteE, Mr. H. R. Roberts; Horatio, Mr. H. Hill; Rosencrantz, Mr. M. Majeroni (a son of the late deeply daplored Majeroni, by-theway); Guildenstern, Mr. A. M. Seaton; Marcellus, Mr. H. Lookton; Bernardo. Mr. C. Wakefield; players, Messrs. Fordham and Grant; priest, Mr. G. Hughes; Osric, Miss V. Vivienne; actress. Miss Ina Laurence; page, Miss R. Aslin. The dresses were handsome and appropriate, and the scenery does not need much comment. Mr. Bentley's costume was composed of the usual rich and sombre habiliments of woe associated with HamleS, relieved by a _ little white facing to the «>llar, which was very effective. There is roam for some small improvement in the general performance in certain directions— for instance, we do not like the omission of the flute episode—but as for Mr. Bentley's impersonation itself his version is highly acceptable—a graphic picture of intense conflicting emotions in which the subject never loses watchfulness. Indeed, that is what strikes us forcibly about Mr. Bentley's style, his Hamlet is alert and keen with a suspiciousness which has nothing commonplace or suggestive of a madman's cunning about it. When his vague suspecting is approaching certainty there is an indescribable restlessness and enquiry about his brilliant eyes. The pure tragedy buskin fits him well without a doubt. That the house liked his acting was proved by the enthusiastic method of the final call, compelling Mr. Bentley and his company to bow fjr some minutes beneath the hurricane of applause. " Hamlet" will be repeated to night. 