da kliuo.s : ' joking. A'RTIN was the eldest son and hope ol Mr! Lord, the Squire of Morton. His amiable disposition and superior intel lect procured ior him universal1 love and esteem. "Martin was a great favourite with the girls, old and young ; but he heiver showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with. Isabella Ashton, the. daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was young and the most thought- ! less girl in the village. She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; and, beautiful as she was, it seemed strange that be should have given his love to her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out) as lovers by village : gossips for several months ; he was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens ; and the company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social games. The hour at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something- of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen there ; and J. doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, aitnougn you are asnamea to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. "Come, now," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you bave some idea that such things may exist. Goto the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." " And what would that prove?" " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your belief to the test. How could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of?" "I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in th& least. " " Ha, ha ! but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabella. "Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin . had desired her to pavt with, "provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, buttoning his coat; "And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. " Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ground; for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky — then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him; All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation j his hair standing erect and his blood dunning chill with horror, still he stood his ground. The spectredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as. it . approached. We cannot; tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the. unhappy youth at that inoment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. i;,The guests at the . clergyman's house .heard... terrible screams. . Dreading some tragic termination to the. farce they rushed" to:tiie spot. They found Martin kneeling.! on a- prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively 'at.' its throat, while' lie still uttered fraiitic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the tlffoat of- the figure, whilst another' fcorc:Sway..the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death.- Martin uttered ah unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. . ,H e never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 