PASSING NOTES. Br Fadstine. Simeon Stylitos on his cold and solitary pillar was nover any hero of mine. Oneo preliminaries over, with all their attendant risks of odd gloves, missing dancing shoes, norl mnriilv r-n.lv. vohnnls. T rnthnr lihr t-.rv find myself, now and again, one of a moving, brightly-dressed, animated throng who have made up their minds to send domestic worries and business cares to the winds for a short Bpacc, and make themselves socially agroeable. But, apart from official functions, I confess to a lingering prejudice in favor of voluntary follow visitors. I like to feel that my host aud hostess aro receiving a sincero and cordial tribute to thoir own powers of attracting friends, and blending them judiciously. Still, there are other ways of filling our drawingrooms if wo take a loaf out of tho book of older civilisa tions. Hero, for instance, is a littlo bit of a lottcr from a lady of fabulous money bags and ambitions more clearly defined than her aspirates, to a penniless young man of good birth and connections : " You know you promised faithfully to bring tho Countess to that hall. It's all very well for you to try to get out of it by talking of her 'charactor.' Character, indeed I Doesn't she go every where? Isn't she visited by all tho best people ? What do I care about her charac. ter? You got her to that affair of mine on tho 10ih, and I will pay those gambling debts of yours. There, that's a bargain. Do your part, and I'll pull you through as I say ; fail, and— not a penny 1" A very pretty little situation on tho stage of Vanity Fair I The young roue in tho pay of tho rich and vulgar paroenae for fishing out titles, honored or dishonored, to grace her gilded drawingroom with. After all it is not an uncommon com bination. But to ordinarily wholesome human nature it would be difficult to render it exactly a pleasing one. Wo don't do such dreadful things in Aus tralia, of course. In tho first place, we haven't any titles, except rather small and youug ones, to fish for. When, in the dis. tant future, the Duchess of Botany drives, in state, witii outriders, to visit the Countess of Surry Hills in her turroted and ivied castle ; when belted earls and gartered knights and dukes of long descent jostle each other in tho beautiful Princess do Smythe, or the charming heiress of tho House of Robyn" soliuc, wliy, naturally we shall take to all sorts of naughty tricks— we outsiders I mean— to get our heads inside tho charmed circle. . Our grcat- great-great-great grand children will have a family ghost, and a family crest — tho Golden Fleece over a Kangaroo rampant, or something of that kind— and a family legend, wherein a distant ancestor " rushed into the fray" — I don't know what fray— maritime strike, perhaps— " and foremost fighting fell— all steepleil in his goar," like Miss Squeers's pa. As for the children, well — " Who aro those extraordinary-looking children, dears ?" asks one of Du Muurier's mothers. "Oh, mother, speak low. They're the Cimabue Browns. They're awfully select. They put out their tongues if we ouly look at them." Oil, no. That is serious. Wo draw the line there. Our littlo rosy-checkcd, bright, eyed Australian children must never grow qiiiteasselcctas tlio Cimabue Browns. Neither, must we let them fulfil Otiidn's prophecy — " Baby la Bruyires and girl Rochefoucaulds in frills and sashes " — she declares English girl children are going to be. Let us grow as aristocratic as we please, but leave us the bloom on the baby cheek's, tho innocent trust in tho baby eyes, at all hazards. Perhaps it is tho gray day, perhaps that " lovely bargains " aro to be had all over tile town just when ready money is lacking, perhaps an admixture of both causes, but decidedly I ain in a fault-finding mood to-day. I should take a delight in getting up in " tho Houso " and asking unpleasant and impertinent questions, such as why some of tho military officers havo bad their salaries very seriously reduced, and others huveu't lost a penny. Why, when any question re. lating to women's interests crops up among our noblo legislators, it is bushed up, pooh- poohed, or met by vulgar and ungcntleinanly iuuendos ; why summer promises generally end up in winter breakages, and bo on. I wouldn't touch upon tho " thousand first, because it has already been the revolving centre of too much "talkee-talkce secondly! because when an angel visitnnt has borne it buck on soft mysterious pinions, there is an end of the matter — an official approval of its appropriation that cannot bo gainsaid. Busides, it is really too bad to try to aflliet other people with tho " spleen " because you happon to have it yourself. Lot me cudgel iny brains for a more cheerful topic. Books, moll and women, art, dress, amuse ments, what? My present views of books aro hardly likely to make mo a serious rival to Mark Tapley. I have been reading that dreary man of genius, Lombroso, and like the young man in " Three Men in a Boat,' who pored over medical works till lie found ho had all tiie diseases in the index excopt " housemaid's kuee," I got, in turn, every mental crank in Professor Lombroso's catc. gory. First, I thought I was a genius. This was really a delightful revelation. But when I found that every man of genius in tlio hook was citnor maa or anieu muiw with drink, I "cried off." Then I discovered I was a " niattoid." The physical and facial characteristics didn't fit in, howevor, and that bright delusion went tho way of the rest. The only thing I didn't mistake myself for was a "religious lunatic." Some of the most oxquisitely good people in tho bo£k wore among those; but the discrepancies really wore too great ; I couldn't Beein to recoguiso myself at all ; though it would have been an honor. Prosper Enfantin, for instance. Turning from mathematics, in which, curiously enough, ho excelled, he believed iu 1850 that ho was " called " to found n now religiou. The now roligion wns to equalise men and women, and to make the languivgo of financo and industry poetical. Ho himself repre sented tho Father, and was always hoping to find the Mother, the free woman, the Evo — a woman, reasoning like a man, who know ing the needs and capabilities of women, would make tiie" confession of her sex with, out restriction, so as to furnish the elements for a declaration of the rights and duties of women. But the right woman was never found, for Mine, do Staiil and George Sand, to whom lie and his friends first turnedj laughed at them. They sought her in the cast, at Constantinople, and found, instead, a prison ! But for all that, ho nover lost his illusion. Ho used to say that only great men could found a now roligion. His self-saoriiico was beautiful, and his life pure as a child's. Most religious monomaniacs lovo a uniform, ns we see in our own day. That of Enfanlius' followers consisted of — " white trousors to represent love, rod waist, coat for work, and blue coat for/at'i/i. Every one was to have his name written on his shirt front, and to wear in addition a collar adorned with triangles, and a somi-circloi which wns to becomo a circle as soon as the Mother, tho Eve aforesaid, had been found." Tho history of these religious monomaniacs is curiously fascinating, especially as wo find on tho list illustrious names— names that have become ns household words to us, and also becauso the ranks of such, far from thinning, are being recruited daily. Ever sinco Mr. Jan Van Beer's famous souper artistique of nearly a year ago, the fashionable worlds of London and Paris have bcon a little dissatisfied. Thoy had been outdone, surpassed, in tlio novelty and splendor of thoir entertainments, and they know it. However, they are recovering. They have adopted one or two of Mr. Van ' Beer's ideas, and added to them. Tho Baronne von Koniigswater's fancy ball, given a few weeks since in her splendid mansion in the Rue do Galilee, Paris, perhaps surpassed the " artistic supper " in beauty. Tho wealth of color, tho historic accuracy, the luxury and richness of tho fabrics against the Renaissance background, the marvellous attention to detail— all reminded ono of those famous feasts of tho old Greeks and Romans, where eye and ear were charmed, enthralled so completely in a dream of sweet sights and scents and sounds that one almost forgot the perfection of all that ministered to tho appetite. Concerning the details » one can hardly do better than quote a " Paris correspondent," an eye witness : — " All the servants were dressed in Venetian costumes of tho Rennissanco epoch, and thoso at tho entrance woro helmets, cuirasses, and carried halberds. The arrival of tho guests was an. nounced with trumpets. Tho host, hostess, and their family were allattircd in thecostume of tho Venetian nobility, and there were some lovely costumes worn by these guests. The Marquise do Mortomar's dress was in the directoirc stylo, with a largo black felt head dress of that period, ornamented with green and black feathers. Mmc. de Munkaesy appeared in an exact copy of tho dress of tho wife of Rubens. . . . Ono of the most effective parts of the entertainment was the buffet, under a trellis-work, ornamented with bunches of grapes and real roses, and served as in the time of tho Renaissance. All was in keeping, oven to roasted peacocks with gilded beaks and dressed in thoir feathers, sucking-pigs smothered in roses, and raised pies containing live singing- birds. ... Iu tho cotillon two of the principal figures were the entrance of a whitedonkoy, with panniers filled with roses, and led by two small negroes, and the other was a cherry tree, the branches decorated with gilt cages containing small tropical birds." Only one other entertainment this season, also in Paris, seems worthy to be placed beside this foyal diplay. This was Mr. Houett's ball iu the Rue do Rivoli, which cost, alas !— how big the sum sounds to our " bank- worried " cars — nearly £1000. All the guests of both sexes were in white, mostly of velvet, silk, or satin, a few, who came in plain evening dress, adding white dominoes. Tho handsome host wore tho dress of a bridegroom Louis XV., and there was a stately Arab in a white burnons, a Russian officer, and a Merovingian king. The statue— dread apparation — of tho Com mander in Don Giovanni was there ; also Catherine do Mddiois in ivory satin, lace, pearls, fan, ruff, and all. But the " sensa tion " of tho evening was a whito bear. He " eravolv mounted the stairense, and threw himself down in a corner, seemingly a very qniet, well-behaved bear." Somo ladies at last took courage and approached him, full of curiosity, oue patted him, another boldly said, "Tell me your name, good bear." The boar did not growl, but raised himself up on liis hind feet, and showed such a dis position to give her a bear-like hug that sho retreated, and of course there was a general laugh." However, the bear, who bad studied his part in the Jardin des Plantes for a whole fortnight, found, after two hours, that the atmosphere was not polar enough, and retired, not, however, before colored projections from tlio electric light, specially fitted for tho occasion, had been thrown on the company, turning tho boar green, tho Arab blue, and all the ladies pink. Indeed the effect of tho play of colors on tho exquisite white dresses was vory fine. The lottery for tho ladies — all prizes and no blanks— and the supper, provided, by tho way, to be in keeping, by tlio " Mnison Blanche," were both on the lavish and com plete scale of the rest of the entertainment, which more than ono delighted guest pro nounced to be throughout " A dream of tho Arabian Nights." 