Tom v* Thomas. (?) The following letter has been handed to the Wobk«r by M.L.A. Glassey with a note stating that the Ipswich Times had refused to publish it : Bir^Biackfitbne Thomas^ tout ' Echoitire lessly re-echoes the bedraggled words x-l poor Tom GlasBey,M,L.A., against the goody-goody, wealthy, would-be M.L.A.. Thomas, If God has tked of prospering this prosperous mine-master 11/ BIB IUUIBEB WUIf{iat| WU Wage, III IB DHWWi lay and cleric honorable mention, 'Echo's^ relief and other amaH dote-nuffing and the oar rent corrupt practices, have disgusted and exonerated the Almighty, For contrary to bis high orders there ib no capitalist Christian but overdraws by honor hunting on eternity in favour of time all he can. ' Amen, they have already received their reward.1'— Matt., Mark, Luke, John, 4c. Meanwhile press, pulpit and high places have, their dogs au cooled at weary, worried, poor Tom Glassey, who is sweating and undermining whal keeps the miner boused under flood mark and a mark for mangy charity in the midst of nature's bounties fenced in, by old^ashioned fixtures in favour of the JayGoulds. Sweatingat -why Uiu piudttuer provides piiuutfly divifltimla and a mansion for his late mate, but for self only servility or the sack. Sweating at why die late mate moves heaven and '-Echo' to seduce to employer employe vote by which to loi-d it more loftily. Sweating at why the boss is eo spitefully jealous of any miner voting the boss a constitutional proprietor subject to an umpire instead ox an arrogant dictator. Sweating at, not why the genus Thomas is so occasionally goody, but why the miner 'is ever and always so wonderfully generous to hie mine master, in in come, risk and homage. Sweating at why the daifyinBitl alter three years cow-rearing must Weather itjorAWgglr milfcinp far a m^rg ]]} of tmUer at Act. or£d,, while thc^fetaa-hoaorable in the bauks gets over a shilling for merely weigh ing the lb. Sweating at why the trader boycotts you from his good offices for not. dealing with him, yet takes a first-class ticket to heaven in the pew box. Sweating at why the genus 'Echo' can hire the pen for paltry patronage to perpetuate and punctuate the puree pride and penury of our caste civilisation. Sweating at why i he suckling of labour becoming a capital flunkey becomes the inBolent booter of his poor foster- brothers. Sweating at tba Btinhlwy that, makes threepence tie above sneaking as an equal to twopence. At why wealth always wants more wealth and worship and resurrects King George's ghost against want for combining against whimsical wage and beggary. At why a bit of land gets the rights eNrtiving citizen and «,1ib nit.igwn in juJn^cS ftnt nf fitg y^fa by ltnfl lordlaw. At the freedom which allows wealth to haggle down want. At why the gospel mongur htftuphwnan lahnnr f nr nnmryifrftiy^ftlne him with wealth for God's sake who has actually wooed wealth. Why the Rev. Father fathers on God floods, famines, fortunes, and misfortunes, , running amuck, and curses Glassey for taking holy orders from the defrauded labourer to preach legislative fair play, and why such sweat to get their creatures into the State House. All as if God could do nothing without money and such mean men. At why the clerk and retailer hold themselves a cut above the mechanic, the farmer above bis ploughman, persuasion above persuasion, and race above jrace, fill^which force voters to go by class pride, race and ritual, and all cavte pride which keeps the lordly sloth in feasts and the worker in fasts. Finally, Glassey is sweating at the boss grind ing lottery in which only one can get the big money, so that lucky, Thomas specimens with no more talents, thrift, public 'or private virtue than a thousand mates, can rush the bank favours, securing in one big sweep the workers' deposits and the mine monopoly, followed by plots to rush also M.L.A.shipB, and to fix capital as the starving providenoe of the worker, As to giving goody relief, ' Echo' muit know that multitudes do their own relief outlay, and thus -help more effectively than by proxy with nameB rrnmnmu In Um ulii fliiil Tlir ngmr''Mhog' private Samaritans are written in Heaven, and not for ' Echo ' to see. As to what poor Tom GiaBsey did for the ohoe hapless, helplesa, hope less miner, .socially, morally, sanitarily, and politically, it is written- in Morpeth in the decent bomeBand manly bearing of its once degraded people, and in the records of the best English regenerators as a giant angel's ' well done.' He might be let toil in Bundanba if he became the State House dummy of capital. But because he gives all he has (not silver or gold, but brain and brawn, to labour emolument) he is capitally boy cotted. Goody Thomas, poor thinker and utterer, shouldn't have let capitalism r^ake him its oat's paw, and '£oho' has again to unseat Glassey. He should chum with Glassey like a true man, not with wealth, like its iool. Thomas as M.L.A. can only follow oapital to vote down his former self. But oapital (like church cham pions, thinking that the suppression of the other church fellow is the only safety) has got Thomas, also, onoe a poor delver to crush out their terror from Tom, and ' Echo' is their gillie. Viotims of organised wrongs assert with one vote your rights, or crawl and be doubly damned, a disgrace to your Maker. J. J. MtJBPHT. From Adavale (Q.) a correspondent writes: Things are beginning to look serious, and another month of dry weather 