LITERARY NOTES. MR. G. W. RUSDEN, who was acquainted with Professor Tyndall, and joined hands with him on "Home Rule," informs us that on one occasion, when they were talk ing that serious topic over in London, Tyndall said, "I look upon Gladstone's conscience as a thing external to himself." "Being asked soon afterwards to write something that could he sung at country meetings (writes Mr. Rusden); I included Tyndail s thought in four lines in the second verse, and sent him a copy by post, with an explanation. 15y return I received a postcard, in his own handwriting: ' Find Head, Hasletnere, 18th December, 1888.-Please tell the printer to send me fifty copies of the song. I will pay him. J.T."" This relic of the professor Mr. Rusden prizes very much. The lines, form ing part of of a ballad entitled the "Man at the Wheel" (set to " The Vicar of Bray") ran thus: " When sacrilegious Johnny praised His Irish confiscation. In horror high iny voice I raised Denouncing desecration: My conscience then was inner sense, And not a thing external Constructed out of other men's Demands for things diurnal." THE principal trouble of Professor Tyndall, who died last week, of a dose oi chloral given him by mistake, was insomnia. Sir James Crichton Browne, when lecturing on " Brain Rest "in London in October, said that Professor Tyndall had confided to him much about the insomnia from which he suffered. For four weeks the eminent scientist never had a single night's sleep. He walked often 10,000 times round his room at night; yet his mental powers were as vigorous and active next morning as ever. Sir James was convinced that although the brain might be starved-Apparently-by insomnia, there was no accompanying loss of mental power. After twenty-five Carlyle was a martyr to in somnia, yet he did his finest work without sleep. The same with Rossetti. Mr. Hall Caine was like Charles Dickens-his brain followed the feelings of the character he was drawing with great intensity, and invariably there was insomnia at a great crisis in the novel, when the most brilliant writing was being done. Insomnia, the curse of the great literary craft, was yet no hindrance to it, strange to say. The truth must be that the brain nad the power to develop, if necessary, other means of taking zest and recuperating its cells and tissues thftn sleep. There was more value in the semi-somnolent state, or half-sleep, than people were aware of. People wno declared that they never closed their eyes all nightfrevertheless woke vigorous and active enough in the morning. THE Antipodean, an Australian Christmas annual, makes its appearance this December in much the same form as last. It is a budget of sketches and stories in prose and verse, with illustrations by photography or with the pencil, " Rolf Boldrewooa" de scribes a bush incident connected with the stealing of a horse, and what 1 happened alter. Sir Charles Lilley, of Queensland, writes about the tour he made through New Zealand last summer. He was evidently taken over the usual ground, and heatd the usual Maori leeenda. or read, them in the guide-liobks, which everybody who does New Zealand is bound to look into. Sir Charles skims lightly oyer the ground, as if he were writing from memory, and had taken no notes by tne way. At Christchurch he met and .talked with some fair " students of troth," whose temple has recently been the scene of discord, as not unfrequently happens among people whc try to found new religions out of old materials. The reference of Sir Charles to the students is only passing, and ends with a moral observation. The article is illustrated with some good photos. Mr. Nat Gould writes offhandedly upon racing, and gives two views-Flemington empty and ltanawick full. Mr. Price Fletcher describee the struggle for existence which goes on amongst vegetation in a dense tropical scrub. Mr. John Tighe Kyan gossips about Robert Louis Stevenson and his Samoan home, and gives u9 some excellent photographs of Sanioan beauties. There are also portraits of the novelist, whose physiognomy is now pretty well known, and his wife, who is not so well known. Mr. Ryan says that Mrs. Stevenson smokes cigarettes; and as for Robert Louis he " is an incurable," and orders 601b. weight of tobacco at a time. Mr. Stevenson calls people " very silly fellows" who think Samoa must be out of the world. He sees more human nature in one corner of the South Seas than in all the drawing- rooms and clubs of London; but then what does " human nature" mean? The fact is that before settling down under the cocoannts Mr. Stevenson laid in a large stock of honey, or whatever the material be that he gathers when abroad. " Art at the Antipodes " enables Mr. Edward lievan to discourse upon some of the show pictures of Australian artists, and the text js appropriately illustrated. In the list is included Mi*. M'Cubbin's " Hush Burial," which has been deservedly talked about. Mr. Ernest Favenc supplies " A Tale of the Western Desert." There are in all 19 articles, sketches, and poems, and the poetry is as profusely illustrated as the prose. MUliara, an Australian Romance, by Noel Hope ^London: T. Fisher Unwin), is in many respects decidedly above the average of stories of life in these colonies. The writing is clear and unaffected, the descriptions of scenery are true to nature and pleasant to read, and the effort to delineate character is not unsuc cessful. The chief faults are due to an attempt to blend two distinct species of composition, the story of real life and the romance of sensational plot and improbable incident It is in the first of these that the writer is at her best. Wherever she has to describe ordinary people and every day incidents she is natural and pleasing, but the endeavour to heighten the interest of the tale by out-of- the-way events and persons is less satisfactory. The intriguing governess, Adela ltentinck, seems out of place among the Newtons, M'Ken/.ies, and O'liriens, and the improbability is in creased when, after the failure of all her schemes, she reveals herself to William Kershaw, the station hand, as his long-lost niece. Then there are the elderly lovers, Mr. Jervoise and Miss Eleanor Newton, who years ago were separated through a mode of scheming familiar enough_ in novels, but un usual in real life-the keeping backof letters and who, in middle age, meet at last, and renew the engagement thus broken off by a jealous cousin. Still more exception may be taken to the extraordinary death ofpoor Mr. Newton when out with a party kangaroo hunting. "At the very moment Mr. Newton's horse, put his foot into a crab-hole and threw his rider; no sooner had he risen than he found himself in the terrible em brace of an 1 old man' kangaroo, and felt his ribs crack." The animal is shot, but the un iortunate gentleman dies of his injuries. Grave doubt may be felt as to the possibility of a man ljeing hugged to death in this manner. The fore limbs of the kangaroo are small and weak. It is in the hind legs that thestrengthofthe animal lies, and it can strike out with them with someeffect againstamanor a dog who may be at close quarters with it. A man mightpossibly bedisembowelled by a kan garoo. but he could hardly ha vehisribsorashed in by a squeeze from the animal as would be the case with a bear. If Mr. Newton had to be killed, he miL'ht just as well have met his death by being thrown from his horse. No doubt this episode, as well as that of the tiger snake, are due.to a praiseworthy desire to give local colouring to the story, but such incidents are hardly characteristic of station life in Australia. It must be admitted, how ever, that some ingenuity is shown in making the heroine suck the snake poison from tlit leg of her lover, who has proved himself un worthy of her by allowing himself to be caught in the toils by the sallow governess. Apart from these defects there is a good deal of merit in Noel Hope's story, and should the writer decide to follow up the career of a novelist she may hope to achieve still greater success by avoiding sensational and improbable incidents, and confining herself to portraying (as she is quite competent to do) the events and people of real life. THKRE is a trenchant article in the Quarterly Review for October on the sacred topic of the peerages and the claims of old families to long descent. The writer shows many of the claims to be bogus, and a new compiler, "G.E.C.," overturns many of the structures which have been allowed by Burke, the Ulster king-at-arms. In a large number of cases there is no authority for the " de " which has been put before surnames. The genealogy of the Fifes, whose family name is Duff, has been recently cut down :-" When William Duff was raised to the peerage in 1751, he selected the titles of Viscount MacDuff and Earl fife, 'evidently,' as 'G.E.C.' observed, ' to indicate a descent from the ancient Earls of Fife of the house of Macduff.' The same descent was implied in the Marquisate of Macduff and Dukedom of Fife granted so recently as 1889.: Accordingly, till some years ago, Ulster gave as the origin of the familyThis noble family derives from Fyfe Macduff, a chief of great wealth and power, who lived about the year 834, and afforded to Kenneth II., King of Scotland, strong aid against his enemies the Picts.' This descent was traced through the Duffs of Muldavit, of whom the first, living in 1404. was said to be a cadet of the old Earls of Fife. Baird, who wrote a genealogical history of the family about 1773, set forth the pedigree withont question, as did others; in 1783, Lord Fife procured a charter giving the name of Mac Duff to the port he baa created at Do one; and, finally, the family, who had adorned their mausoleum with inscriptions proclaim ing it and with the crest of the old Earls of Fife, ventured on a crowning step. Incredible though it may seem,' a fine atone effigy, with a singularly well-preserved inscription,' erected, it is supposed, to an Innes of Innea about 1589, was removed from Cullen Church to the Duff mausoleum, where, by altering theinscribeddateto 1404 (in Arabionumerals!) it was made to figure as that of the first Duff of Muldavit. No less an authority than the late Mr. Stodart, Lyon Clerk titnte, in" formed' G.E.C.' that this waslpr«J3(a>)r dou« ,U 1702 1 to add to the glory of [the then] Lord Fife!' Moreover, on imitation antique in scription was cut at the same time, recording in detail the spurious descent. The credit of unmasking ' these remarkable proceedings belongs to Mr. William Cramond, who, with indefatigable zeal, established the real facts. The descent from the old Earls of Fife was soon seen to lie untenable, but the family was still traced to Duff of Muldavit in 1404, and the Almanack de Gotha preserves this version: Mr. Cramond, however, eventually disproved this also, and showed that the family oould not be traced beyond the middle of the seventeenth century. Ulster has at last surrendered at discretion, and now begins the pedigree with Adam Duff, who died between 1 r>74 and 1677, and ' laid the founda tion of the prosperity of the family.' Sic transit gloria mxindi. If, as we presume, the present pedigree appears with the sanction of the Duke of Fife, he liae set an example to others, by this frank recognition of facts, which we hope may be widely followed." IN an article in Blackwood, headed " Thirty Years of Shikar," Sir Edward Braddon thus records a narrow escape from a tiger in India: " ' Ba<jh! Ba-/k!' That was the cry that brought us back from drearnlar d, or the empty void of slumber, to the waking world, and we three Britons tumbled out of our beds and tents forthwith to leam who in the grey dawn shouted of tigers, and why. There stood the shouter amongst our tent-ropes, green with terror. Doubtless he would have been re spectably pallid if the native Indian com plexion permitted of that form of discoloura tion ; but, doing the best he could according to his lights, he, after the manner of his kind, had turned green. He had some reason for this and his excited cry of * Bayh P He had just come out of the very jaws of death ; his head was deeply scored, by ft tiger's claws, and the blood still oozed slowly from the wounds. He had been in the clutches of the terrible man-eater, and had succeeded Bome how in coming out of that deadly embrace a living and quivering Hindoo. Being soothed and supported by brandy, administered under the guifee of medicine, he told us his story while his wounds were being cauterised. Briefly, his story was that he had made an ^arly start from the village, had reached a ppot on the road close to our camp, had there 1 n brought to the ground by a tiger, and had crawled from under that beast and got away, leaving his quilted coverlet with his assailant. That wadded rezai, which is the native's greatcoat and bedding in one, had saved him: he had wrapped this round him and over his head, as is the way of his people when they walk abroad in the chill air of early morn, and it had not only weakened the force of the tiger's blow upon his head, but had served as a shield fr-jm beneath which he had crept away." Sohk smart sayings of Douglas Jerrold are recorded by Mr. Henry Vizetelly in Glances Buck 'i'hrowjh Seventy Years, published by Messrs. Kegan Paul. Several of them have Keen heard before, however. When Heraud asked Jerrold if he had 6een his " Descent j into Hell" (an epic poem he had lately written), Jerrold responded, as anyone who saw thf evident opening for a smart rejoinder might have done, "No, but I should dearly like to." It was at Heraud'6 expense, though not to his face, that Jerrold made another biting jest. Someone having wondered how it was the careless poet always had such dirty hands,- the wit suggested that it arose from.his habit of.constantly putting them up to his face. When Mrs. Jerrold was no longer young, and Jerrold laughingly told her he wished wives were like bank notes, so that one of forty could be changed into two of twenty ; and when, in answer to an inquiry as to who it was that was dancing with bis wife (whose dancing days might be considered to be over), he replied, " Some member of the Humane Society," nobody believed for a moment that he intended anything but a jest. An inebriated young provincial, loBt in the mazes of Co vent-garden, once inquired of Jerrold the way to the Judge and Jury." " Keep on, young man. in the way you are now going, and you'll be with them before long," was the witty moralist's reply. The Golden Transvaal is a work giving the history of the sudden rise of Johannesburg, in the South African Republic. The town is only seven years old, and it now has a popu lation of 50,000. Gold was first found at Witwatersrand in 1854, but there was no real mining until January, 1SS4, when Mr. Fre derick Shutien began prospecting on a farm. "On the very second day," he writes, "I found a reef showing gold which, on the sur face, assayed 6dwr.f and at 50ft. had im proved so that some of it showed 2oz. On this farm and surrounding country I pros pected ior some seven months. On the 18th of September, 1884, I struck a gneiss vein some 4ft thick, showing very rich, and, in 6ome rock, visible gold. Some of the rock assayed very high indeed. On finding this my brother and I decided on erecting a live-stamp mill. The Government proclaimed and threw tpen nine farms in 1886, and the first sale of building sites in the township of Johannes burg took place on December 8, 1886. The lots ranged from a tew shillings to £200 each, and the total sum taken was £1,300. A second sale (realising £19,921) was held in January, 1887, and a third (realising £20,000) in April. In less than a year hundreds of syndicates had been formed, with piore or less capital, and prospecting was being actively pursued in every direction. Some proved their properties gold-bearing, and floated companies, one by one, afterwards. Others were complete failures,and thousands of pounds were expended without any tangible result,.; Jn,November, 1887, there were no less thaotiS-gold-oiining .companies, with a nominal oepital of £3,063,000. In: J anuary, 1890. there were 450 companies,with i £11,000,000 .capital." . j CARAVAN life in Western. Asia (says the j writer in' Harper describing the journey j from Trebizond to Ispahan) "has a subtle! charm of its own when one is in perfect! health and things go smoothlyand eveni when tbey do not the minor discomforts of a nomad existence do not weigh heavily on nerves blunted by the open air and a certain amount of healthy fatigue. The routine is , a little trying at .first, but easily learned. \ Kach 24 hours is divided into four parts-the { period of harry and activity in the early j morning, a longer . one of compaiative j tranquillity on the march, the brief hour of bustle on arriving at omr destination, and then 'nirvana,' die dreamless sleep of the night At half-past3or,at/4a.m.it is time to get op and dress by candle-light, to call for the ' samovar' and hot tea, to see that thenx-n in the kitchen tent ate astir.and thjUthe ebavafinrs ere feeding their horses., Tben4fte,«o>sU Articles Are packed, Abdullah, brina fa jL>nairf83t, an<i whik we are eating the$i#w<WB,oo*ae into take out the b^g* 'Jight from the rising bur shine* *k*ppjrb ti* frWBpfe|it wiUU, and -nulled dpwp. and pe mt* siliiwniHt 4n; fhe iro«tj' and bracing jufKPlfif *U. JBomsfiwm . breakfast in finished-on one of the camp-chests while the' table is being packed away. 'When the last load has been secured, and the ground, now j strewn with egg-shells and loose straw, has been searched for lost articles, we mount our horses or walk oil ahead. Then comes the long day of comparative rest, and when the brief morning chill has passed away, made drowsy by the growing heat of the sun, we nod and 6way in onr saddles, lulled by the monotony of the slow march and the ceaseless tinkling of the bells. Over deserts o£ white salt, like new-fallen snow or frozen sleet, where the horizon swims and quivers in the mirage, and over plains floored with black volcanic deposit, we ride on and on, over passes, across rivers and marshy plains, until it is time to hurry on ahead of the caravan and despatch a hasty lunch on some shelterless hill-side, or deep in a gully if the wind blows, and, best ot all, where there is a brook in which to cool a bottle of wine. At last the lengthening shadows and the sight of the distant mud walls of the Milage where we are to halt warn us that it is time to spur on with the chavadar to select our camping-ground before the baggage animals comc up. It wqb usually our fate to encamp on a ploughed field." FREEMAN, the historian (Bays Scribner), conld not appreciate Browning. He could not understand why a poet should seek to be obscure. ? " ' At dinner' (he wrote in 1884)' I sat opposite to Browning, and found that in private life he was much like another man. I had thought that hia_ Comitalux, the Browning Society, would follow him every where to explain what he said. But if a man can talk to be understood, why can't he write to be understood ? But those things are not in my line-Homer and Macaulay for me-them I can understand.* Of the Lays cf A ncient Rome. Mr. Freeman was exceedingly fond. He liked their stirring lines and fine musical cadence. He knew them all l>y heart, and often, as we walked over the hills on a sammer afternoon, he would recite, with great feeling and fine effect, poem after poem. He was so averse to any lack of clear ness, that in his own writings he almost went to the other extreme, and is often accused of too much Tepetit-ion. To avoid all ambipiity he frequently repeated * .word several times instead ofus'mg its pronoun, or ' the former * and 5 the latter.'" . Freeman was preceded in his aversion to " former" and "latter" by Samuel Johnson, who avoided using them t>ecause they would put the reader to the trouble .of Roing back to see. who " former " and " latter " were. CCRIOES extracts are-made by the Leisure Hour from a dictionary of the times of James I. Some of the words and their meanings are, appended :-" Hereticke, He which maketh i choice of himselfe what poynts of Religion! he will beleeve, and what hee will not; J Lvnacie, A disease, whfen at certaine times of the Moone one is-distracted in his wits';" Mylhotouie, An exposition of Poets riddles; Necromancy, Divination by calling up Devils, or dead men's ghosts." Here is ? the descrip tion of a crocodile-"a Beast hatched of an Egge, yet some of them grow to a great big ne6se, as 10, 20, or 30 foot in length ; it hath cruell teeth and scaly backe, with very aliarpe clawes on his feete; if it see a man afraid of him, it will eagerly pursue him,; but on the contrary, if hee be assaulted, hee will 'shun him. Having eaten the body pf a, man.'jt will weepe over the head, brit in fine eate the head also; thence came the "Proverbe, he 6hed Crocodile teares-via, fained tearea." The lynx is described as " a spotted beast" that" hath a most perfect eight, in so much a8 it is said that it can see thorow a wall." MRS. Choslakd, in her Teminiscences, mentions that when - Douglas Jerrold was writing the famons curtain lectures m~Punch women wrote to him -asking bira- to drop them. She was " invited to £" friendly mid day dinner at the Jerrolds', who - were then residing in a pleasant country house at Putney. Towards the close- of the meal a packet arrived-proofs, I fancy ; at any rate Douglas Jerrold opened a letter which visibly disturbed him. ' Hark at this.' he said, after a little while ; and then he proceeded to read a really pathetic, though not very well-ex pressed, letter from an aggrieved matron, who appealed to him to discontinue or modify the Caudle Lectures. She declared they were bringing discord into families and making a multitude of women miserable." SOME of the whims of Sir Richard Burton, traveller, linguist, and diplomatist, are enumerated by the biography written by Lady Burton. She used to busy herself, Martha like, making his room comfortable, hut if she put anything pretty into it, it was at once put out in the passage. He liked large, plain deal tables, and plenty of them ; one for each piece of work on which lie happened to be engaged. For a pen-wiper he tied a red bandana to the table leg. His chairs were hard, and he slept on a small iron bedstead, with an iron-wove mattress and no sheets, but plenty of white soft blankets. He would never have blinds or shatters drawn, as he wanted the last of the twilight and the first gleams of dawn. He would bring in a single wild flower and put it in a vase, but if some one brought a bouquet of garden or hothouse flowers, he found a way to get rid of it. He had a nice ear for music, but loved only the minor key. " He would go to an opera to hear a new prima donna, but be could not abide amateur music, and if anybody - proposed music of an evening, and a girl got up and nervously warbled a ballad about banks and butterflies, he used to put his hand to his stomach and walk out of the room." He loved his old clothes, t>specially bis boots, of which he sometimes ban a hundred pain in the house. Once he lost a fencing-shoe, «od went to his bootmaker to get bim to replace it. "No," said- worthy,,"but I will make yon a. pair." That did not- suit Sir Richardj andi ms his wife says,- he' carried that shoe'all over the world, and every boot maker he saw he asked to make htm the mate to it; but not one of them ever would. For 18 years be did this. There' is a supersti tion among sudh people, it appears, that if a man makes an odd shoe he-will die. THE firstshow of the day in London (writes Mr. Richard Harding Davis in Harjjer) w the procession of Jiofses in iJieRow, from 9 to 11.; it-used; to take place in .the afternoon, butfa&hion; iias changed that ; and Englishmen who have been in the colonies, and wbo come home on leave, and walk out to the Row at 4 to see the riders, seldom find more than a dozen from which to pick and .choose; and .they will find even a greater difference, if- they go at the right hour, in the modern garb oT both tbemen and the wolheh."" At'Jeafit it'wos iso laBt summer. The light habit 'ftnd high bat of the girlB andtfce?lon«r trousers' and cutaway coat of the men ; bad given way - to ft dishabille jusjfcas.djflferept- as dress, can be,, [and justas rigpronsinitsdishabijleifisin its previous , correctness and -,' forni.' . (The women who roae last-. Bummer vote loose | belted i>jopsee:ftna Jootepr &Mt;# tW feli to their Jinxes {jStrqwhaUr; «nd their Iwr.in stead of being bound 'tightly ,op, was loose; and untidy; wad the menepwareq ip yellow. boots, or even leggings, and serge Buits and pot hats. All these things were possible be cause the hone.was early, and because women who'fyHtiw the hounds dress more with an eye to oomfort than they aid, ana others dreBB like them to give the idea that they too follow the hounds. The How, with 600 horses ou it, is one of the iinest Bights of this show city." BEFORE the steamboat era in America gave way to the railway era, it produced many exciting incidents. In Harper for November an account 'ib given of a great race on the Mississippi from New Orleans to St Louis, a distance of 1,278 miles, in 1S70:-" Captain Leathers, with the Natchez, completed a run to St. Louis in three days, 21 hours, and 58 minutes, and Captain Cannon, of the other and rival king-boat on the river, the R. E. Lee, at once announced his intention to beat her on the return trip. The Natchez returned to New Orleans in due time, and her captain found that the Lee was jjoing to refuse all freight and passengers during the race. More than that, the Lee hud taken out. all her light upper work that could be " re moved, in order to lessen her draught in the water. Captain Leathers, of the Natchez, affected not to need such advantages. He took aboard a small cargo of freight and some passengers, and the two mighty packets were cast loose from the New Orleans 'Uxit on June 30, 1870. Away they went, with their huge white bodies throbbing and their trails of jet smoke curling behind them. The Lee made no landings for coaL She had engaged a tender to precede her 100 miles up the river to give her a supply of whatever fuel she needed. Farther along, flat-lwats with wood and coal Awaited: her in midstream. They were warped to her as she slowed up along side of them, were emptied as she swept them along, and then were flung off to drift where they might after they had served their purpose. The Natchez copied thie method after a time. The race made a wonderful stir. Boats loaded with spectators preceded end tried to accompany the racers from New Orleans, and everywhere along the river it was said to eeem as it* the interior had been depopulated, so numerous were the persons who crpw^fd the shores to look on. Tlie Lee was lucky,, antT made the trip in 3 days, 18 hours, arid 14"minutes, arriving in St Louis when thirty thdtfs&nd; persons were assembled on the levde and on the house-tops to cheer her. The .Natchez had met with unuspuj de tentions by fog oud groundings. The. time of the boats' asthfe? teaeheifeach principal city on the "way was cabled to Europp, and it was estimated that a million of dollars was wagered on the race." A RECENT number of Temple Bar revives satire stories of M&jor-Generol; John Scott, of Balcomie, who in fai# time was styled the prince of professional gamesters. He was for, some time member of Parliament for Fifeslnre. 'In married life he was not altogether fortunate, for his first wife ran away from him, and he was compelled to undergo the expense of obtaining a divorce ; } but in every other stage of life he was dubbed "a man of ^wonderful good lack-," and his career ha&beqntersely; suuiin ed a p as tbatof'' a notorious .gamester who acquired numerous estates^Heissaid to have won £200,000 at VhiteV^fililb:iij St.. James'street, "and at the -time of -fiiS death was considered the wealthiest. comeaoner in Scotland." a striking instance of his imperturbability is on record.. He was playing one night in a taverrt in" Edinburgh * when a messenger brought him. the news that he was blessed with d daughter. . he tnrned to the company with the !word&. " You, see, gentlemen,, that I .mngt.be.-juiwer-the necessity of doubling; my stakesi in.order to'piake a fortune for this girl," ' .Thereupon ,'hfe played rather deeper than usual, .witJr-tKe result that in a few boom' play' he;was, a loser of £8,000. The corapanybeQWj Jo liun on thisdia coraGture, but the .. General, "who had an evenness of . temper that nothing could warp and a judgment in play superior to most," retorted to those around him with the calm assurance that things would still tarn out all right. He Elayed on, fortune once more smiled upon im, and at daybreak, about 7 o'clock in the morning, he had recovered his losses, and was able to go home with a balance of £15,0001 in his iavour. One of his daughters became i the Duchess of Portland, and her sister was married with a dowry of £100,000 to George Canning, England's Prime Minister. ON the author of ian extraordinary series of burglaries at Vienna, a clcrk, was found a; note-book (says the Daily Xews), in which he kept a diary, writing the date of each ' burglarj", and even how often he returned to the house upon which he was engaged to i carry away his booty. The diary gives a com- i plete clue to his character, for it contains his j views upon all that has happened during the j last fiveyears. He never in all his burglar's career trusted either man or woman with his secret I 