Wliy He Never Married, Tho water party was over, and tho long summer day was drawing to ita lingering close. Tho wings of tho ohiokens had flown away to join tho loga and breasts of all tho birds that havo boon oaton ainoo man first discovered tho foot that cold fowl ia good to oat; tho pink fleah of tho avenging lobator, half, hidden in ita leafy ro troat, like tho rosy limba of a bashful nymph taking rofuge from indiacreot eyea in a riverside thicket, had been dragged forth and devoured, and waa now beginning to fulfil ita dreadful mission; tho champagne and tho clarot-onp, and tho whisky and tho soda-water, wore all drunk, and one of tho Jroungost of tho guests was in something iko the samo condition, though his mother persisted in attributing his symptoms Bololy to tho fatigneB of the day. Tho laughing girls, in thoir serge dresass, and silk shirt fronts, and the bronzed, athlotio lads, in their flannols and tan shoos, had distributed thomsolvos in tho different boats, and the flotilla waa drifting down tho long roach in straggling procession. In tho leading boat a mimical porson with a banjo was performing a rudimentary version of u too popular song, and bogging tho oarsmen to “ throw thoir weight on it when ho caino to tho ‘ boom.’” \ A soft wind that rose with tho sotting Bun blow gontly up tho rivor and ruffled tho enrfaco into tiny waves, tho shadows of tho tall poplars that stood hero and there on the margin lay right aoross tho stream, tho moon was climbing higher and higher in tho opal sky, and the ghostly bats, waking from thoir long sleep, woro beginning to flic about like aoraps of paper in a high wind. A hundred yards behind tho boat which i contained tho servants and empty hampors a punt dropped slowly down tho stream, its two occupants scorning to avoid tho noisy gaioty and rather pronounced flirtations of the younger members of tho party. She, a charming | matron, whoso girls (still in the schoolroom) and boys (notyot approaching manhood) loft her plonty of time to toko an intorcst in tho affairs of her neighbors ; and ho, a middlo aged man, whoso careful dress and well-pre served attractions seemed to show that his chief, if not his only, onro in lifo was that interesting personality—himeelf. “It was very olover of you to capture this punt, Major Singleton,” tho lady remarked, aottling horsolf more luxuriously among tho oushions. “I know Mrs Xmxmoro wantod that oldest girl of hors to havo it. She was trying so hard, poor thing, to get Mr Willis to offor to tako her. Ho looked so relieved when ho saw you get in. In anothor raiuuto I beliovo sho’d huvo askod him,” Major Singleton laughed complacently as ho straightened tho craft, and then lot him self cautiously down on the floor till his long legs stretched halfway down tho length of “1 should have loft him to his fate, though,” ho said, “ if I hadn’t soon your imploring glnnco. Who knows what might havo happened if I’d trusted myself alono with that dotormined-Iooking young woman ? Sho looks oapable of anything—from panting to proposing marriago.” “ Sho is,” said Mrs Farquhar, with con viction. “ Sho’s verging on ;tho desperation of nino*and-twenty, and no man under”— she made an almost imperceptible pauso, and lookod under her eyelashes at her companion “ under forty-six is safe from her.” “Ibeliovo six-and-forty’s a very suscep tible age,” ho said, stroking, his moustaoho, and wondoring whether sho had noticed how grey it waa. In a year or two I shall havo to begin to look out very carefully for my own safety.” “What humbugs mon aro,” thought Mrs Farquhar to horsolf. “ And yet they talk of too vanity of womon! He’s fifty if bo's a day. Howwasit you never married.?” she asked aloud. “ Because I nover moc Mrs Farquhar till it was too late,” said Singloton, gallantly but insincerely. Tho lady blushed a littlo, and smiled a little gratified smile. Then she thought of her long-legged girls at homo, and sho frowned austerely. “ Major Singloton !” she said, with dig ‘^Well—Mrs Farquhar ? ” “I asked you a question—perhaps an indis oreotone.” “And I gave you an answer—perhaps of equal indiscretion.” Sho saw by his eyea that ho waB laughing at her, though his lips were concealed by tho tell-tale moustache. For a momont sho would have liked to box his ears for having mado her think he was in earnest, and then sho laughed too. “ No—bat seriously—— V9 eaid Mrs Far “ Seriously, what ?” “ Why did you never got married ?” j At this moment there came a violont bump on tho sido of tho pant, and Mrs Farqnhar’s Japaneso umbrella and Major Singleton’s straw hat flow ovor tho side into tho rivor. Tho lady -screamed—not so prottily as sho would navo done had sho had time to think about it—and the man was on his foot and grasping his hole in a second. A boat containing a party of bolatod ’Arrios had shot suddenly out of a baok water, and (tho coxswain being morn ocoupiod with a conoortina than with his ruddor-linos) had caught tho pant right amidships, and as nearly as possible put her “ Confound you, you olumsy --” bogan tho Major, indignantly, glaring at tho offonding orow; then, romomboring who it was that bo had in ohargo, ho dropped hia voice. “ Eoally, 1 wish you’d bo more oaro f ul, sir; you can’t expect to havo tho wholo rivor to yourself at this timo of tho year.” Tho young men, relieved to find that they had not run into a bridge or gone over a woir, woreapologotio, andoxprossod their sorrow in suitablo torms. They rosouod tho hat and umbrella—both rathor tho worso for thoir wetting—and rowed off as fast as they could, boforo it should be discovered that a plank in tho punt had boon started. Mrs Farquhar smoothed her ruffled foathors, and con dosoondod to smile again. As for tho major, ho lighted a cigarette and sat down in his old “ You aBkod mo a quostion just now,” he said, aftor a pauso, blowing away a oloud of smoko, and watohing it as it melted away to leoward, “ and that bump gave yon tho truo answer.” “ I askod you why you had novor I married.” * j “Exactly. It was booauso of an accident that happoned when I was in a boat with a lady.” Hospoko in a low, serious tone,and a dreamy sort of look: came into his oyos, as if at tho rooollcction of an old Borrow. I Mrs Farquhar was touohed by his raannor, ' and half put out hor hand. ! “ I—I am bo sorry,” she murmured. “ Was —was sho drowned ? ” Pray forgivo mo. I novor hoard of it.” “It was a longtime ago,” paid Singloton, looking not at hor, butat tho distant woods, still with tho sumo gleam of rcoolleotion in , his eyes. “Fifteou—twenty years. Heavens, how old wo’ro all getting—I’m speaking for myself.” Could it havo boon an echo that murmured, “ Sponlc for yoursolf ? ” “ But I have novor forgotten it, nor never shall. Ivoboena good doal among womon at difforont times, and—well, I’vo generally managed to make myself as agreoablo to them aB othor mon. More than onoo—more than twioo —I have boon on tho verge of forgetting tho promiso I made-” “ No, to mysolf. Shall I toll you about it ? Do you caro toheara story of whathnppened twenty years ago, when you wero in tho nursery.” . “If it’s not a very painful story,” murmured Mrs Farquhar, looking curiously at Singloton, and wondering whether ho was going to cry ; for tho corners of hia lips twitched, and his oyos avoided hors. “ It wnB, as I said, nearly twenty years ago,” ho said, slowly. “I was littlo moro than a boy then—a perfect boy still in some things. I was at homo on leave—iny first leave—from Malta, and I was onjoying my solf immensely. I had plenty of monoy, I know a hoap of pooplo of all kinds, and no daywaslong ononghfor mo that summer. And tbon I mot Yera—Vora—novor mind hor other name ; I novor think of hor as anything tub Vora. Ah ! what a protty girl she was ! I can aeo hor now as I first saw nar at aorush in Lennox Gardena—no. Queen’s Gate— standing against a mass of tropical plants that made a baokgTound for hor tall, grace ful^ fignro. Sho was dressed all in white, like a hrido; and tho absenoo of color in hor toilotto enchanced tho brilliancy of ber complexion and tho metallic) gleam of hor ooppor-colored hair, which was piled in hoavy masses—you re momber I’m speaking of 20 years a"o—on her small head. I never was so struck by a woman boforoor sinoo that night. I simply tood and stared at her; ana the man who had brought mo told mo aftorwards that I looked as if I’d soon a ghost. 11 Ha pulled mo gently away in tho direc tion of tnB room where the champagne oup was—for ho was a thirsty beggar—and forced a tumbler into my hand. 1 drank off tho wino mechanically, and he patted mo kindlv on the back. 1 Feel better now, don’t you V ho said. f Who was it, old chappie—• your tailor?” “ Tho word recalled me to my senses, and I shuddorod, I remember. “' My tailor—what—where ?’ I stammered. 11 ‘ I aon’t know, I only askod if you’d seen him,’ ho said. “ ‘ My tailor? What do you moan?’ “1 Well, you never know whom yon may moot at this honao, audho’B probably a good doal moro preBentablo than some of tho men.’ “ ‘ Rubbish l* I said. ‘ It was that girl in white standing against tho ferns—that girl with tho glorious hair. Didn’t you boo her, or aro you blind?” “ ‘Oil !” he said, 1 you moan Hiss Hill Barker.’ ” “ I thought you’d let out her name beforo I long,” Mrs Farquhar said, smiling slily. Singleton went on without hooding her. “Well, ho told mo all about hor. Said sho was tbo daughter of a man of vory good family, but as poor as a church mouse ; that sho was expected to marry a man with monoy, but tlmt bIio was gotting a littlo hit off color—that was his brutal expression— and tlmt this would ho her last scaepn in town, because there wore three ^other daughters behind. “‘Sbo's been rather unlucky,1 ho said. ‘ She’s boon vory ill all tho spring, nnd this is hor first appearanco this year. Sho’ll have to look sharp if she means to do any good boforo Goodwood.’ I thought of all this afterwards, though I hardly noticed his words at tho time, and only askod him to introduce mo to the boauty. I wondered wkothor her father would consider mo ‘ a man with money,’—idoas vary bo on thopoiut.” “ That they do,” aasontod Mrs Farquhar, thinking, porhaps, that hor own had varied a good deal since sho was soventcon. “Well, I was introduced. And I won’t boro you with what followed. These things always run tho same course, and the moro they uhango tho more they’re tho samo thing. I foil in lovo with her, nB they say, at first sight; and Idaro say I made myself a great spectacle to ray friends. For a month I fol lowed hor everywhere; found out whore sho waB going, and moved hoavon and earth to got invitations to those houses; waited hours iu tho park on tho chance of seeing hor, and behavod altogether as lovers always do.” “ And sho-?” asked Mrs Farquhar. “ And sho—well, Bho didn’t dislike mo from tho first, and I could soon boo that hor mothor didn’t dislike mo either, and I began tobevory happy.In a month aftorlmot hor first I mado up mind to ask hor to marry me. Just thonbor mother asked mo to a picnio up tho river—quito a Binall affair given for tho benefit of a sot of children, nephews and nieces, home from school. This was my last chanoo—for they were to go baok to tho country two dayB after—and I meant to take it. That was, I think, tho happiest day of my life. I devoted myBolf to her from morning till night, and Bho eeomed ub happy bb I was. Poor Vera! Wo neither of us thought how the day was going to end. Woll, it came to an ond at last, and I was to row her baok in a little boat that only hold two. It was a most perfect evening, and as wo drifted down tho rivor I was too full of happinesfl to talk. Sho made such a protty picture, sitting under an umbrella ! aB you aro doin^ now, with her hat an gloveB off, making behove to steer, that 1 simply Bat I and looked into hor eyes, and she sat and smiled at mo I think now that Bhe must havo be on rather a stupid girl, for it seems to rae that it was always 1 who talked—and if I happened not to talk, there was generally silence. I was a little nervous too, for I didn’t quito know what I was going. to say. At last she rousod herself and said looking up at the sky, and sighing : lI 1 Oh, what a pleasant day this has been! How long will it bo bofore I havo suoh another, I wonder ? ’ “ My heart sprang into mv mouth, and I “ * Has it boon a pleasant day, Vera ? * “ It was tho first time that I had called hor Vera, and sho looked quickly at me, and thon oast down hor eyes, “‘Vory,’ sho whispered; and then she | sighed again.” “ Yes.”said Mrs Farquhar, approvingly. “ I know that Bigh. It’s vory effective when j it’s done properly; but it wants practice.” | “ I said : * Why do you say it will bo so long beforo you havo another eo happy?” “ ‘Wo going back to Devonshire to-mor row, you know, ’ she said. “ Sho was knotting the ends of tho rudder lines together all the time, and looking at thorn intently. “‘Theu,’ I said, nervously, ‘has your happiness anything to do with—with being near ’—I waB going to say mo, but I changed my mind at the last minute and Baid, ‘ near town ?” “ Sho smiled a little, and shook her head very slowly. Then sho raisod hor eyes, and lookod at mo, still smiling. Tho noxt moment I shipped my bouIIb carefully, and loaned forward till I could take her hand. “ ‘Vera,” I said, my own lovo !— “ Tho words had scarcely passed my lips when I heard a loud, hideous laugh close to us, and I saw a boatful of hateful-looking men moored under a largo tree that thrrw its branches over the rivor, who wore grinning at us liko bo many monkeys. I forgot whore I was, and jumped up in a passion. The boatgavo a violent luroh and Vera a loud soroara, and I slipped. I tried to fall over board oleauly to savo hor, but it wna too late. I fell right abross tho gunwhalo, and cap sized tho boat in the middle of tno river in ton foot of wutor.” “ Couldn’t you swim ? " said Mrs Farquhar : breathlessly. “Oh, yes, liko a duek ; but Vora couldn’t. Whon I’d cleared tho water out of my oyes I saw her clinging to tho boat, which was only just above wator—sunk to its bear ings, as tho sailors call it. I shouted to her to koop still, nnd wont to her help as fast sb I could. But I had dropped a fow yards down tho stream ; and, having all my clothes on, I couldn’t’ swim fast. Sho screamed and struggled, and tried to olimb into tho boat—which was, of courso, tho worst thing sho could do. Just as I reached hor it sank altogether, and she wont down with it, I plunged forward, and just as sho was disappearing I caught hor by tho only thing I could soo—hor beautiful bronzo hair. And tho whole thing camo away’in my haud l1 “ Poor thing !”oried Mtb Farquhar, with real sympathy in hor tone. “ And sho was drowned, I supposo?” FTo, tho noxt minuto her hoad camo up again—suoh a funny head, nil covered with short red fur, like a fox—and I managed to take hold of her under tho arms, and got hor to the bank ; and there eho sat down and began to cry.” “ Ye*es,” said MrsFarqubar, critically, “I supposo that this was hor only chanco. And what did yon do?” “ I’ll toll you what I did not do,” said ! Singleton; I didn’t finish tho sontonoo bo ginuiug * Vera, my own lovo.’ ” * aA“d tbatwus tho reason you novormar “Yes,” said Singleton. And ho addod, sotto vooo, “ That and a fow others.” Mrs Farquhar pondored for a few moments, and thou asked suddeuly : “ And what beoamo of tho wig?” “I don’t know,” said Major Singleton.— Vanity Fair. Tho first dictionary wa3 mado by Chinese scholars, u.o., 1109. 