the great bank smash. HOW SLIPEM ESCAPED In tlio Nick of Time. .Samuol Sourberry Slipom ia a J.P. and tlie fat-hor of a family. These two quali fications alone entitlo him to respect. But when it is stated in black and white that tlie present Mrs. Slipcin is tho fourth daughter of tho nophow of tho widow of tho lato Colonel Buildup, who sorvod in tho Crimea, and that Slipein's own second cousin married into a fine old stock, and that all her children break out in boils from time to time, there is nothing furthor needed to bo known about tho Slipeins. Slipem goes to church regularly, and is qualifying for an alderman in tho suburb wliero l,e resides. 11: will make an excel lent alderman, because his appotito is largo, ho has a voice like a bucking hull, and lie can argue a question down to such a fine point that you can't see whore ho started from, much loss wliero he is going to knock off. Hlipom is a man of many strange experiences. When his first baby was about to bo born ho dreamt it was going to bo a girl, and it turned out twins. This, in itself, would be enough to dis courage any ordinary man, but it didn't discourage Slipem. lie was going across to Adclaido some time ago, and had booked liis passago iu tho steamer. The night before she started ho had a thril ling vision, lie thought tho vessel struck upo.'i a rock just on midnight, and ho was about swimming ashore in his shirt when Miss Bloggs, an ancient spinster of his acquaintance, who was also a passenger by tlio boat, rushed on deck in a pale piulc nightgown with ruche edging, and with out her wig and fulso teeth, and seizing liim around tlio neck, dragged him down, down, down among a lot of slimy seaweed aud stuff, and just as a hairy monster, with a mouth like (he entrance to the Bondi sower, was about to seizo liim, lie woke. This decided Slipem. It was undoubtedly a presentiment, a warning. Tho vessel would sink. Ho would tako the warning aiul go by train. So he forfoited his ticket and wont in tho express. The steamer got to Adelaide all right, but just as Slipoin was stepping out of tho train ho slipped and broko his collar-bone. Bat these thrilling experiences are nothing to a series, of presentimonts out of which Slipem lias just triumphantly emerged. Slipem had all his money divided between the Commercial Bank, the A.J.S., tho E.S, and A., the London Chartered, and the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney. In each of these institutions lie was a largo depositor. Outside of tho money in tho five banks lio does not possess a singlo penny. Months ago, Slipem began to liavo preseutiments and uueasy dreams. There was nothing definite about any of the dreams, so he was not quito sitro whether his liver was out of order, or if anything was about to happen. Ono night, before the Commercial closed its doors, howovor, the spirit of his deceased mother-in-law appeared to Slipem and said in severe aud awful tones : ' Samuel Sourberry, tho Commercial Bank will shortly bo pending reconstruction. Beware !" Slipem woke np in a cold sweat, with his hair standing ou end, and was rejoiced to find it only a dream. Ho had suffered by tho old lady! Still, he considered it good enough to tako tlie warning, so ho wont down to tho hank in tho morning and transferred liis deposit to tho Aus tralian Joint Stock Bank. Tlio next day tho hank " 'ponded reconstruction." Slipem loaded his mothor-in- law's memory with blessings. Ho knew ho was safe. Nob long afterwards the vision appeared again ono night, and exclaimed, " Samuel Sourberry, beware of the A.J.S. It is . about to reconstruct." Samuel took the tip and went down in the morning with his pass-book and transferred to the E.S. nnd A.C. The vision appeared once more, and he moved his substance into the London Chartored. Vision reappeared with a grave and severe look, and warned Samuel that the London Chartered was going to reconstruct. Samuel shifted to tho Commercial Banking Company witli a joyous smile. That was about a week ago. Slipem has had no more visions since 1 And now a J.F. and the father of a family goes about cursing tho ghost of his mothor-in-law like a common larrikin. All his money is locked up in tbo last bank. To get it out just now is impossiblo. He says ho might have known tho old would let liim down at the lost. His wifo is in tears, and tolls tho neighbors what a dear, good soul her sainted mother was, aud bow she and Samuel never could agroe. It was all Samuel's fault, too. But Samuel grinds bis toeth and shuts his fist, and Bwears that if over he is had by ono of tho family again, dead or alive, ho will let tho daughter of tho nephow' of tho widow of the lato Colonel Bungup take him to the Divorce Court for it. He calls his wife's folks "thrash," and says the baby has tho features of a hangman, and the eldest boys are Bungups and will be hung. There is trouble in the Slipem family. Piles of it 1 