THE'. MYSTERY' or THE TOWER. A Tszz OF THRILLING INTxEsrE, By. HELEN- CORWIN PIERCE; CHAPTER XXV. AN INFAMOUS DEED. Captain Dunning was by nature wayone of e gentColumbus to try akindest, afind most generous ofPrince men. But he hated the wretch, Rick flal the, witerh allof the lebitter thaness he could been founeel, in the cell of Rictiveness that could not be re-scape from prison. He hoped to get from Mr Prince some information regardwillingly hisave given every ner. ing he pwas mossest anxioused to have hadcure Halsey, inhis power. Of course his trip to Columbus was of no t moailre, becausend he returned to the penitenautifuary dsheartened, to attend to matters requir young daughter, his only child, and wished to savehen her, in spite of herself, from her in- sit to fatuatioen forHall, and makein and criminal, whose to ee Kenrick Prince.d rtaanwhleaio the country herwas being well ofarched forHaey. Large rewards weret ofered for his apprehension, and officers Captare lookin Dunnin everwas by nature directione of i?minal. As the gentlest, kindestr has doubtless surmiseds of men.rck PrincBut he hated the wretchad, but merely sfering underall the ittdeep and baleful in 'with a vinsdictivensess that could not be ye pressed, h, ,He would willingly have given every- b thience of the posswerful drug Dr Varle had Halsey iven his power. t Of coursthe his trip to Columbuwing his waseeming de asevail, anDoctor Varle, at the dead of nightentiary disheartened, to 'ittend to matters requir- S ingmoved him, still unconscious, from theattention. Then he intended to pay another visit to hi aellen Hall, and make a fresh effort to see lienrick Prince. d He had sonwhile the ountry was being welle to take searched unfortun Halsey. Large rewards wesecure spot offere he would be faithfully and carefullyrs were looked after, receiving in every comdrecto fort andi criminal. f ury savs the relibaderty, and he had received, Kenrick Prince was not dead, but merely suffom hering under thlarge deepsum of five thousand fluence of the powerful drug Dr Vanse had h given him. v ars as paymenthe night follor acting his saccording tode i?structions. T her e was a reward offered of night, e remaloey, five hundred dollars byfrom the govern Hall.U Hent hand a thousand dollars by Capto takein Dunning. hAn is unfamous thought ca me to DrVaseure spot t where he would be faithfully and carefullyI looked after, receiving every comfort and luxud he resolve libertyto act upond he had received - from He waited in safrge quarters wive thou his vic-and dollars as payment for actDunning accoreturneding to his t instructions.E There was a reward offered for Rick. I '~slsey, five hundred doilars hy the govern- . ment, and a thousen he called updollars by Captainon the Dunning. - -An infamous thought came to Dr'Varle adhreovdtacupni.-He waited in safe quarters with his vic--~ tim until Captain Dunning returned to his r duties, and then he called upon hint on the business. '~ Captain Dunning did not receive him t very cordially. He knew the doctor's re putation too welL But at mention of Halsey he became in terested. "If I could put you positively on Halsey's track-if I am the means of putting huim in yeor possession again, what will ,ou give; meg A ialtrythousand or fifteen Hundred' dollars is no temptation to me. What will you give me?" c " I will double the reward I have already; offered." Varle shook his head. "That won't do. I shall have to get out of the country as fast-as-I can go. My life will not be safe afterI have betrayed him to you. I must have five thousand " Captain Dunning hesitated-_ not because' G of the money, but he mistrusted the pale 1 doctor. " If I could be sure-" he began. i " Iwill make you sure- satisfied, before I ask you for a cent of the money," Varle 4 piomptly replied, ;Dunning eyed him doubtingly and with keenness.a Very well." he said slowly, "do it." ' "When aill you have the money ready for me ?" "I will give you a cheque at any time you please." " That. won't do. I must have green hacks." "I can get them at a few hours' notice.' SWill you have them ready to- morrow s evening ?" Captain Dunning agreed' " Now then," said Varle, "I know you e area man of honor. You will deal with me on the square, and' not attempt any nnderhand means of learning my secret or i securing my man ? " " You know I will not'," Dunning. said, flushing. t "I willU'tell you how I am able to bring I Halsey to you. He caume to me, a very sick man, soon after his escape. He had been hurt insome sort of a railroad smash, and fever set.in. He has been' delirious part of the time, and he is queer yet. I shall+put him under the influence of a nar cotic to bring him here. He must go into the hospital'at first" I Dunning listened, in breathless excite- I ment, white to the lips. "Was he alone ?" "Yes, when he came to me'." ."Didhe eay'anything about his wife? Was she with' him when he was hurt?. Perhaps-he was killed." "I don't think so. He talked about her in-his delirium. I guess- he was running away from her when the smash caught "Served himnright. Pity he didn't die," Captain Dunning muttered, bitterly. " He is pretty near it, I tell you." And so Captain Dunning thought when Dr Varle brought up the pretended Rick Halsey on the following evening. He had been prepared for a change, but nt fori beholding anything so pitiful as tis wasted object, which had to be brought inside the prison walls of the prison, on a bed~and who looked at him out of dull anid unrecognising eyes, with a sadly pathetic glance: CVkrle-had nof given him a narcotc after He fo? ndthat hIs unhapjy prisaner.was areadyopasalv, with suffering;hope lesaniesa an "despair, to cause him any new trouble '. as. s Captai&Iinningwas; so agitated over taeaffalr that he could scarcely contain himselL a t s doubt'had lie that this wafted and' pitifuslwreck of a handsome man was the illisin '*?6?beervedpriion bars, and whom be so hated-the resemblance was soawon-' drfnl' He was shocked at the change, the awful eange made by terrible illness and suffer dng-tlie eyes especially held such depths .nf gloam and woe. "He looksas though he had been through something very dreadful," he said to Varle. '91 never saw a man so altered." The'edoctor's colorless lips twitched a llttle.. "Yes, he has been pretty bad," he said. \- He would have died had it not been for me." Still, though the captain had been up to the last moment suspicious of some cheat, he was satisfied the moment he saw the He bent eagerly over him. 9 Where is my daughter, Halsey .' he asked. " Where did you leave her ?" Kenmick Prince stared at him. If Captain Dunning had only been able to read the terrible tragedy written in those dark, ashappy eyes. " My name is not Halsey," the sick man a . wearily. " I don't know what you .nesa. What place is this, please I" sunsing looked at the false and wicked "Howeltanged he is ! Even his voice s altered. .nd his eyes are strangely lifferet.. - seEt Belie~ p eculaed grety ht a Stbecome of Varle. " She wrote to him at-v.?rions places, but r got no ansfwer.' At lacidlyst she received a letter. He wrote donher't thatink he will everince wathe same mant blunder had been committed somehow, and e again. He may never entirely recovering him out of senses.' the drugged trance in whichm he fhad beend, would bo better off," replied Dunning., - t removed farlereceived the reward of his viShe felt lain the first shok as thoughntherey-and depars nothing she wouldas not have done torhapy. I have been mixed up ,in some pretty ha brtough thingst in-the dead to life. my-. ' She ad intended to himself,' "but I dnt think s pretended death as a strong weapon in her scheme of didvengeanythince agasoinst Jasper, buthis..If it her plansd had recoilediupon herself." beenIf she real had known lsey-that, instead of being Jas per , Prince-1 should be happy;. ;" only," a in his grave, clinching his, by a strange perversehould fate, fallen into his wicked brothat aer's prisonhe wll, how wabouldt this affairif she have felt then finds •" i am sorry he is deaid," she murmured, out, but nothingis to what she would dost as if I bethad murderayed t otherim. OddH how could that old keep ovillain haloving such a scoundrelndered and he so" mean to her, too. Oh,,theae women! Bet But notmade a satuspicion of theal, in truth everas action, anyhow." entered moth had gone by. since Madame "uThi's funrcomplicates matters again," she Jupasper and of Rick if hBelle were fshould try anyd t time to get rid of me, and marry Sibyl secret, Belle speculated; greatly what had 1 become of Vanle. - iShe wrote to him at various places. ,but r goPrince. But n ower-' A spasm of pain .crossed the lovely face, t At last she received a letter. He wroteon, • 'Why do Il'ove him so P Could any thing, 1 wonder, make me hate him ? As t he trked to Varle, that Kenrick Prince was deadthought ita blunderhad beput an end to my love, but thatow, and mistakhe had not been able to brding him inout of the dorougged trance in whichthe lovehad beenmas removed from the Hall. .- . , i B elle's horror almost overpowered her. She felt in the first shock as though -there ci wajust nothing same. Or there would not- have done the bitter jealousy in my mind concerning that haproud ybroung bhtthe dead to life. Prince. The. She had intended to use his pretended a, death as a strong weapon in hern she omes of vengear mne against Jasper, but her plans dA had recoiledxnupoii herself.1 . If she had known that, instead of being f, demoin his grave, he was, by a strange perverseything possibfate, fallen into thwart her. There is prnothing , cell, how would she have felt then ? m \- I am sorry he is dead," she murmured, it is too horrible. 1 feel almost ase, if it B had murdered. him. How could that old villain have blundered ?" n But not a suspicion of the truth ever injuteres her mind. . " This complicates matters again," she a mused. While Kenick lived, AS GOhad the. upper hand of Rick. if' he'should try any 11 ti;,e to get rid of me, and marryout Sibyl I Prince. Butele asked:Jasper. " You can keepA her shutpasm of pain crthose, the lovely face, tor as she flushed uneasily. "Whynt ? . Shlove is safero? Could thanany "Byo mething, I wonder, make me hate him? As e . heyou woulked to Varle, that time, Ie thought it re hadlong, put an eSibnd to my love, but that weas a h smart as I am. YouDespising himad: betterholding him ins it" " : " ' " ' " | "Good P ;Kind ?? repeated Jasper. mock. inily. " It is tce first time lewer heard ant sane asylthorough cntempt. yet that.e Andthe remains firjust thein same. Or there would not e theyour bifather jealousy in my mind concerning thatis.' " Be gproud young beauty-Sybil Captaince Dunning.The hatred thon'at forget its eitmyher !" flashed Belle nearhme. Yet, ro beautiful face shalk-white wis angert "nI wi11, I will. Don't :get :mad, Belle," Jaspor hastened to say, conciliatinicly,.' P "-If I take care of 11iss Garr, wili you do Sas S?yhbabout b aY your plan .! I should s havdemon seems to burge convinced methat it would beas possiblafe for mto havert her. There is nothasying too mean or too~contemptible for me, if it h jheres her." s"]a h WHILYou cod make it safeS by O payg "Wenough. It armieht beyou god idng to do about issbyl Prince!~" Belle. asked: Jasper. "You cantI eep'Garr there, shut up n would twhave to get oldr ti in his line. - - . Jasper aloohedauneastly. * . - n' "Whvnt?. Sha e is a enoughoere old 'anyle where else." ''- - , tBy last me my lifetmene. IfI weredon't like the idea. you wosl not. linhe a bl e to keepa me there ongce Fad Sibyl and ismust not gorr anywhere out-each as sidemarof this a. hYouse. Thadt wouled be risel To keep .her shut up here-in ia old, dark, moG-dy, ghost-haunted room, where you can go and bully her whenever you like, is not iely. "It a er been inside the room whered . insane asylum, since she was shut up there," Jaspery fiexprest thing liftingof her ould-pretty gro t. efyour sho'uldiers. '" However, .you .can't? keep" her father and tell himup where ick.she is uc alsey s'without. "'Be good enough toesay Captain Dunning.d an investigatio. forget it, eibest whether" flashed' Belle yoher beautiful face examined by the angerutho., suddper startednly violently. "I will, I will. Don't :get ~mad. Belle," O Ja~p'r hastened to say, conciliatingly:.- -. P '- if I take care of Slims Garr, will you-do h as I say about Sibyl?2" "Perhaps.t do you meanyou plan should ' "hvWell t, thaconvinced that it would, coeid as safe for me -to have: herian:'an asylum' asu herYn-e." oHasn't -Mrs Tru'dt saidke anything fto byou ?' paying SenAbough. It anythinht bg f that sort i Cerput Misnly Garr there, tooa You would -have to get old Vae Bt abouth-p y. It s something else?' can see tly in hisyour facline. She s been talkig to you asper paled a little riedtriumphatly. "Oh, yo need not try to get ought of odit I I knowVarle I to last me myhas been hinfetimeng aroundt like to me that it did'not look well for a man to shut his wife up if she was crazy, just so he couldt get. a cbance, to make love to his dead o"Wel sed did nt spea tome about you," Jasper said. " I don't see how sending Sibyl off would make it any easier for you to stayeems cruel." ' Belle's ot temper flasclinched white in er ame face again ;. but she controlled it, only re qumarking, with weet sarcasm "Oh, Of course, i -s much easier to get rid ofly "oa real wife than a pretended one. Bugot let. g once fair Sibyl must nt go for the present. MrseRick Hal sidey has to be disposed of the first thing."e cruel JasTo keepher made a movement of impatience.rk mouldy, ghost-haunted room, where you can'i go and bully laughed She liked to provolike him.s o cruel-oh, no 1' L "It seems never been inside went on, "nwhere shorder tois, sincetop these wa shggingut tongues, thatsper said, angrily. --- "GoodLucy Venner should l- reason wve. She shalle; with an" Jasexpressive lifooked ating of her excitedly. He was so taken oy surprise, he did not know whetholder .e nted howevery to go or not.kee her shut upBelle's clever, sharp brains was v longery useful anto him nveustiga now, but her rnle was ahether an iron one. \- You dont t mean it ?" he said. "J do. Lucy Venner shall go, and Dorcas Ruel shall come in her olace." "Who is Dorcas Ruel?" "aA maiden sister of your stepfather's, manufactured for this occasion." Belle laughed at his stare of bewildery ment l \- There is no such persen." itsper said. "There will be by this time to mearrow," Belle retorted gaily. "wYou fst have a car Sriage take me to meet the seven o'clock train Sfor town to-night. Good-bye, Lu sy.Venner I As soon as I get there, I will telegraph you in Dorcas Ruel's name to meet me at td e first morning's expresst m That willbe about ha f-past ten o'clock, I guess. You will find "eMil Doreas Ruel waiting for you, aud It1 bet you that little missing budges of green obaks you won't know me yourself l" He smilet scornflly,. ,f You are very good at that kindo f thing,, tered. " So I had better improve the: time. but youo and see Sybi e. . Iknw.those big, gThereen,were two ts of keyyours too well Ytowerould have trooms. Belle keptrid one and tfk them awbefore yo col play yourself off as anybody else to "anyone who' knith her to preyent-Jasper Prine visiting a SyBelle. I am shure itwas gone.'t work. Let me Jasper had told her that Doctor arle hait. the others, but it was not truedys. They reposed will take alquietly in his owe an pockraise, and skip. How will'that do?" - For a moment the beautiful, foolish, loving What he promised to herimself from assionate interview wiby th Sybil, he did ot know. i, so well. - He had nod real plans concerningd her e- n. Whacept in a aue way. .days."; she asked, with an angry sneer. " Time enough to fix-opesatters with: fair Sybil, and tate he. Hesomewheantre thao get rid of Belledsometimend' you 'marry Sybil.' Just howit was to be done was ot verywon't do, my clever friend. I leave to nigHe had some vague notion of getthe morning a and you will see how quickly she will di. Doctor Vare would help to fix it up, he Jasper wincucied, iut finally agried to Belle'she arrangements- with fairly good' grace, Hes hod to. " There was no ether way. .id not know howm he. could have doubted andfel safe indrew a long breathity of relief wof thell was out of the house. -. 11"I suppose I can call my soul my, own while she is gene, and, no' longer,",. he. mut termoney till Sybild. "So I had really bettercimprove his wife. I'How to anget rid of beautiful, unmanageable . TBelle, that wers twohe question. thetower To do the handsomms Belle kept one llaind justice, he didaway not now wish her deaid. , . ,, Unawares to himprsentJlf, a curincus change avisiting Sybegn in hie she wicked heart when he sw his Jaspmother had his brotld her thatlying there dearle had. " No, no P' he said. shadderiogl'y, whenever the thers, but ght of ridding t himse. They reposed in quietly in his own pocket.1,i that way came promised to himself from . e inStil she with Sybil, he diand nothe wantedow He had no- real plans concerning her ex cepthat obstaclgue removed in some way. -He-meant to get rid of Belle sometime and "Whmarry Sybil. Just howit was toould be," hdo mnttered, was not very clear in hi. own mind. - "-to puther inad some vague notion. insane asylum instead of Sybil,as sh pro poses. But I Doctor Vaile would help to fix it up, he fancied,lif well~enough - paid, for' it; and -he 't couldn't know how, he. couldhn'ave ever felmut safe in his'. stolen identity- or secure of the money till Sybil bad really become his wifs. beHow to getig rid of beautiful, unmanageable ys." UnHe wanted to himseef, a curious change ain the fact that twicked here was no one now to inter mother withand his brother lying tr dso.ead " No, no 1" he said. ehadderingly, wheneverd His mother, he thought W himself othf Belle inshdder that way came over him., s was gone. Bellshe was an obstacle, and heSibyl was in ated that obstacle removed in some wakey. Whaty should a j ke inot wo anuld see," he muttered, indeed, except that in his cowar fly soul he "twao afraidput meet the oo beautifniinl, aesylumig, inshrtead of Sybilnig gaze of tas she wopnan wose I But I couldn't do it. .1 know'I couldn't: - I' must' be gettingisoft-hearted:'as' Belle says." band he believed; and she bliev, xulthe had n sl o? her dark, sweet eyes ?had flsh-ed at him like swordsfact that there was night when she called hPre with his doing s. - His mother, he thoughtank with sort ofa shudder m was gone. Belle was gone. Sibyl was sn a lockmeeting hroom, and yet he hwasd the key.?dto o. She drewshould heim with go an irresistiblsee her? fascina indeed, except that in his cowar Fly soul he wation. She possessed him,e beautifuler, accswith a lreatenging to bgaze of her pres woman wcehichs bc?ud not control. Ele went slowly down? the ?corridorfthat" baled to the tob;er, and his step grew slower as slain.; ' 7 -7 7 he dreow her dar, tillsweet eyes htopped eashtirelyd at after some moments' hesitatidn wezntrhur ing backe swordhis owthat night roo where he calledd him "'murderer." -.. ---- flask ofbshrank with y a sort of horror from meet I guess I can do iyet 'he'wa resolvedrtogo. She drew himmly, wiping the moan irresisturefoible fasfrna head. tion. He put the flapossessed in hims pocit weretad wenth a lou. ing to thbe in her presencehichh?'could not control. He went slowly down' thecdorrldor that led to thelp homself tor, and his step grew slowiberals he draughew nearom till he flastopped entirely, anthe after some momenta' hesitation weflt-hurry. t `ing back 'to his own room, where he had- a.e flask ,:;any~i- ' n"~.~ door and pased into the presence of the:rw. tw ladies, an lmot withou at warnigpg.. Sybil wages lying down, with all he mutter dark, grimly, -wiping the moisture'frwn'-bis~fhri.'' head. silky hair u nbound and flowingd wiertho pillow. the pass Garr sat bide her. Jasper paused himself tot aisidther liberal, hi hearaught from the flask before-he opened thec sweetdoor and passed intthframedin mapresence of ofthe two ladies, almno't without warning. f wavSybil was lying down, with all her darkr. silky hair .unbound and Slowing : over 'the pillow. ' Miss Garr sat be- Ide her. Jasper' paused'- jest' inside:'the .door, his heart heating hot and heavy at eight of that sweet white face framed' in masses of soft. waving black hair. SBoth ladies started up in violent excite ment at sight of him. The horror and abhorrence on Sybil's -beautiful pale face was terrible to see. The change which'grief'and imprisonment had wrought in, that lovely countenance in so short a' time amazed him::. ' " Murderer 7" uttered Sybil, in low, in tense tones.; "Have.youncome to -kill me. to ?" . "Good evenings 31r Halseyl" said Miss Garr. " Have. you heard 'from Captain Dunning lately 7' "- . - His face flashed white and then red.. He glanced at Miss Garr. He went a step to war i her. S"You shut up, old' womian," he said, savagely, "or I won't promise to keep my hands off yonu 1' . :' " You' had better not dareIto put them on me, if you.don't want your nose tweaked 1' the plucky 'old maid retorted, hier/small, bright eyes like sparks. "I can handle you, and not half try.". " What do, you want here, Mr Halsey ?" Sybil asked. - . "Who are you', talking to " he retorted. My name is not'Halsey "./ ' " SHe was"almost- foaming. ,with rage/the handsome face;.black ,and scowling. He looked moreAlike' a demon than.lie did like :a man. " ? . .? . , , It may not be, your real name," Sibyl said, calmly; "it iis'-your prison name, your convict name. I nm'satisfied of that. Itis the nanie;Captain Dunning knows. you by. You ought to be called Cain, for, lilke the first murderer, I believe it was your brother you and Doctor Varle killed." . fasper did not utter a word for a moment. Then his lips curled with a bitter sneer. "No better?t' he said. "Still full of those wild fancies, my beautiful wife ?" A quick shudder ran through Sibyl; she was white as death?.. . .....?,.. "Brute!" cried Miss Gafr.' ": " Shut up, gimlet eyes !" Jasper retorted. He -took out his handkerchief to wipe the profuse perspiration from hisface, and drbpped it on the floor.---------- As he stooped to pitlh it up. the flask, of brandy slipped-from -his breast pocket, and lay upon the thick carpet, without his noticing-it . . ' CH'APTHR-XXVII. - " THE HAnGMAN AWHAIT THELe." A quick flash came into Miss Garr's "gumletf-eyes." She changed her position so that the skirt of her dress covered the flat bottle. Then in a moment more she had contrived to secure it without Jasper observing her. Passing quietly into the next room, in which Doctor Varle had left a few vials of various preparations, she selected one labeled "Laudanum," and poured the whole contents into the flask of brandy. It had all been done so quickly that she had scarcely been missed from the room by the other two, when she returned to it, carrying the flask and a small goblet in one hand, and a pitcher of water in the other. She moved-noiselessly toward Jasper. He was looking at Sibyl and speaking. She was almost behind him; and he did not see her. She put the glass, the flask, and the pitcher of water all on a little table which.atood.at Jasper's right hand and quitenear, but still he did not notice I her. " Now, Sibyl, understand me," -he was saying. "I am willing to. humor these fancies of yours-to allow you to imagine that there has been another Kenrick Prince to whoza yot have beenumarried aud.who is now dead.h was gettwilling thick, hisallow. thieyes, land to be privately and quietly married " I say you don't expects-" he began over again, savagely, moving toward her. top SBut at almost the first step rhe reeled, caughtlking about the esable which held the bottlely to stop accusing use of murdering anybody, and pitcher of being an escaped wconvict. What dowit you sayP"' Not a word came from Sibyl. She sat staring at4him with eyes of loftiest and in dig prone ant contempt, her lipske a hugite wifroth pain, her whole air expressive of the utmostruins. hoPrudence Garr looked; as though she did not utter a word. wouJasper qualed before the fire in thprostrate body. beautiful eyes, in spite of those fierce drShe caught Sibyl by thcourage hand.with which he"Come " she whispbolstered "This is ourimself. brchandyce. The pitcher, the glass.door, and he is safe for anses whilere already becominget upon his feet new to save his life, and he awill berly aound pouredas a post in ten minutes, if not less." strong spirit and tossed it down. is ThPrudence watched him exultingly , "Now," she prcaution to lock the doostays here at till thatch end of the little passage. thing "It's a wonder doneiss ."y Ven."er is not." around somewhere spying," Prudencep ?thought. as If she had known that Miss Ven"Jasper egwasn aganot in, the house, her mind would havexpc me to do all the talking. do'you ? 'r d beenHis spch eas getting thick, hs eyes They went first noiselessly to their own lookapartments for hats and wraps. S"Ie had better go out by t-" he begarden again; savagely, moving toward her. tl Butdoor, aggt almost thed Sibyl.rst step. hall notreeled caughtso likely to be table which held' the bottle and pitcher of water, and went down with n it prone and iht, resprawling, like a huge frog, i leadimong the ruinsway. Prudence Garr looked' as though. she Ic woBut the suggdance son his proved unfortunate. She caught Sibyl by the hand. *b SItCome !was about nine o'clok; there were chaonly dim lighthe keys arein the hadoors and passages, ia safe for 'a' while. He couldn't' get' upon ,ai his feet new to save his life, and he wall be h aound theyas a post in tered n minutes, if ntess." f T hey could hear a of the roohum quand sightckly, takimovement from the direction of lock the door at. d regions. Allch' end was still until, as they weittle passage. : "It's a r wonder Mhich opened into the dining-ot around somewhere spying," Prudence p. thought. " ' ' as Ifroom, the heard known the shril tones of Mrs TurI not i the Hall house, hkeeper mind would havsoe beenant probablysier. -ii '" She is coming out !" whispered Prudence arrThey went first noiselessly to hertheirough.thewn at opartments door shate and wrap. This will do.. till "she had better go out by the garden ifIf shes ees us, she will try to 'stop ns " said ooibyr, "sggested Sibyh "We haslwayshallted me for some reaso." "She won't see us." "Allwhere witht," responded Prudence, boldlyt," leading the way. Bast the servanuggestion prvcalled hed unfortunate. She hadf eyes like awk.bout nine o'clock; there were only dim lights in the hails and passages, of and they encountered no one. b . As she came out of the dfaint huing-room, slight mst havement ram the direction of the fkgitivchen: ti or their shadows. They .ad gone into a small-room-set .aparc as a storage closet. r Allthere had not been timel, as to close thwere passdoor. Mlg a door which stood a momenedt nearto the dining room, they heard the shrill tones of Mrs Tur- e rfin the Hailshame out, skeeper reprimanding to the y servant, probably.c watching the storage-room. "..Well, I should like to know what that 'n" She is coming out " whperself, spitfudency,.e (Garr, anmoved pulcarelessly along till shrough.the c lnearthe open door she saw, "This will do. till ymade a spring, caught is with both hands and sutnto it with a bang--then locked it. She has gne."ll enough who was inside, Ifbut pretended to think it wastry to burglars," b said Sihyl:: " She has: lways:"hated me for w and some reamedson." "She won't le us." t the servants camvery little that passed any running. wThe gare within her took the key"OldM Tr-it," fit, as the servants called her, missed. She had door. , ? Burglars, indeed l" he exclaime1 angrily. 'Weyes like a Prince and issGa." SshTne twoladiescame out intoof the dinigroom, sheal musybit was pale- ughbat a glimpse of the fgriveous. p or their shadows. They had gene into a smell-room- set -alart as a storage closet. rc rSher haked anot Mrseen time to closeand the door. di Mrkees er looksed back at her as impert dinently roas shafter "shed. came out, speaking to the y "s guess tervant, but watching the storage-room. ccshe sa",WelI should like to know .what the ode are about Mrs Prince.".. :. Thmeans," she turnttred to oneof therself, spiervantt-ty,- i R";iR' uildk to'-r Prince's room, and ask himif ovede his crazessly alongwife is loose" came ti nearthe open der, lips curved sdcordealy.made. a sprin, caught imtak wyh oth hands and shut t Terfit? Have you eiver---as anyone here- b seenit with a bang-then do anythig that looked it. like it ?,'."? STho heiisekeeper toesed her head. SShedn't knew well enough who wasanything about insidet. That is whbut my.beters.all you I don't pretended to think it was two burglars, to know.betterdthan they do." The servants cam ske to James, the gar:ne. "Th Come ovgardener tokhere thby me," keyfrome said, with a yi "?nost insolent glance at MIoyl. _ One nevero fitknows what a erayeperson may do next -I've,heard." : -: ? . ... , Burglars, indees frowned atI" he excliwome an agrily.nd sdWhy, still. He was an old man, and isiss.Garr." Sibyl, astwo ladies' called her had intoalways beeh a Sybil was pale-hot haughtily imperious. prim She looked at Mrs Turfit' and the ue a PHe had.-g seved, and .puzzled a good deal keeover whatlooked back atold her' as impaboutiher.t C a Jame nne aid Sbyl, "D you be lieve I am insane 2'? 'Thd poo'r-old man looked troubled. r ? IYo guess there ain't anyl," harm done," she o r "it is so queer you don'a know yourh own has about Mrs Prin." S.And ftshe told them that the servan theys Icalled Kenrick to'r Prince was inroom, and-ity his himurderer, they would if enlknows his crazy wif.tare isoosat her and shrink from her, and all the mscornfue cally. her in hanet maks ynall me crazy, r t t James" shave saidyou ever-has I want you to answere seen or heard"mstioes. How many years is itooked since you first kne Mr Kenrick Pince • *Nigh ten, miss." " And you were always very fond of him ? You have told me so many times. Anssed her head. P "likediyou and liked to talk wit you. Now, I what my.batters~eall you I don't pretendino a hknow is it witerthan theyis man Does he ever come." near youd" !' Well," hesitatingly, " since the smash-up 1'm bound to say he's not qui to as hes used to be ; but--" t Th" Does he sever speak to Jamesyou unless he gardeneris obl g" d ?" "ComWell I don't know as he doesaid, with a " Wait I Is he in anything but looks the least like the glKenr atck Prince you knever 0 knbefore the railway accident "may do next a " Well, no, not much-not much," shaking his old 'vehead vigorously. "JamIsn't hese more changed'at than Iwoman and a " Yes. but--" "st Wait, wait I Did the Kenrick Princess' Sibylou used to know before theadalways baccident a, inI all the years you ever knew him, ever take spiritme favor wine "with him. He had-' grieved' and ,puzzled a goed dm1l over what they had thaold's tue," said ther old "James' hi~eas" ald 'Sihyl,"'Do; you be-' g lieve,I am sinrrofully, 2" very different at the por- esent timean lookedbut troubled, Miss Sybil, a beast,"u seeisshe said. , slowly, it t is At othi do.m0men't knothe girl who hadwn been. sent to find M, Prince returned, ayilng he was not to be found. As if moved by a sudden impulse, Sibyl turned upon the gaping and startled t om cale erllow me.r" muAnd there was osomething so commanding shin her tones that the whole company moved after her. e Miss Garr unlo.ked tHe doors, Sybil went first, the others trooped afterk. Jasper Prince lay just as they had left I'him-b-sprawled upon the flotr like a hnuge he huto " But he was not asleep. The laudanum which Prudence had poured into the flask of brandy, instead of stupefying him, had' counteracted the effect of the spirits. Still he was tolerablyidrunk. Sybil went and stood near him,looking down with an expression of loathing and disgust. Stooping suddenly, she hissed, S"Murderer-where is thy brother The-words had an ominous sound, and they pierced even his drink-clouded brain, He sat up. groaned, and glared at them with savage eyes. , ) His brain wassmitten with sharp remorse and fear. , "Murderer!". she hissed again, "The hangman awaits theel . CHAPTER XXVIII. W THE GHOST. With a scream so 'lpiercing and horrible it scarcely seemed human, the wretchstaggered upon his feet, and darting maniac glances from side to side, for a moment, plunged hea long through the midst.of th hf paralysed group between him, and the door. and disappeared. Sibyl turned upon Mrs Turfit, a. gerous light in her beautiful, flashingeyes. The- woman was. staring- with wildly dilating eyes after Jasper. SThey were all staring with looks of won der, horror and bewilderment. Sibyl's beautiful white face turned on them. She extended to them her little, shaking hands. • ' Do you call that thing in the shape of a man Kenrick Prince ?"' she: asked, in low, intense tones. There.was.dead silence... Even Ms Trfit loosed stunned. .... ........ S"He benmightily changed, Miss Sibyl-h ' be for sure," James Reese said at -last. sisaking his gray head gloomily. "And we bih all mighty sorry for yoil and him But lthen you know, mistress, that don't make him somebody else. He be Mister Keick for alL" . ( Sibyl's hands fell'; -her lhead dooped dbspairingly.: .. t Mis Garr went, to her. 'lLuacy Venner -has gone awayshe- whis pered. ,."! Iasked. one of the; girlsandshe said she had gone for good' But I don't be lieve 'that.- Do you suppose any one'else vWould care to interfere if we tried to la the house now ?" "- :. " Mrs Turfit would: She hates me so; and I don't-believe James Reese would let me go.- The poor old man really believes t have lost my mind." W" We might try."' KYes." But -at the first movement, Mrs.Trfit faced them with belligerent looks.. "Excuse me, ladies, but Ican't let you out of this room without Mr Princes orders. Mrs Prince, any'way. -kAsekJmes Bes." I" -wouldn't goif.t. was 'you,' Miss' Sibyl," the old gardener said, persuasively. Sibyl laid her little, white hand pun his arm. ".You wouldn't try to hinder me, James 1 she said,. gently. " Even if I am insane;as you think. You know it is only n one point."-- ,, it ," I cusldn't dare to,,rlský it" he said, sorrowfully,' '-' It might ,be twenty points before., morning. - You: might be : raving maniac. It ain't fitting for a lady to go out by herself 'at ?ibis ,time, of the :night,' any way - wYMiss Garr would be with me. You don't call her insame2. -. . • I" don't know anything about her. Or' orders are about you! -Don't teasethe old man now." - M-rs Turfit thought it was about time to put in her oar again. .. "I'll trouble you-.for the keys to these rooms, Miss Garr," she said. with extra dinary insolence of- look and tone. Will you- take them now, or wait till you can get them ? " retorted Prudence, coplly. copl ou had btto- -give them up. You hsje fnoTuainess.-wibh.inem,:anyhow..I anppo?se you stole them from Mr Prince," the housekeeper said, glaring at her. \- Sibyl drew her back a little and spoke low. " You see how it is," she said. "There I is only one thing can be - done. I think they would neither of them try to prevent your gcing. No - one would interfere with you - to-night, but that wretch whom we believed to be Halsey won't let you go by to-morrow." - " ' I won't leave you and that is fat declared Prudence, emphatically. !' Yes, you will. I will tell you why, and. it is the only hope. You can find Captain Dunning and tell him about Rick Halsey." t' Do you think he would believe me?" Prudence exclaimed, with a startled air. "Itis such a queer story and we can't prove anything. The very servants here would contradict us. I'm afraid, my dear, I should only get called crazy, too." "No: that man Dunning was too anxious to -get hold of Halsey. I could see that. I believe you could get him to come here and see this man." ' I can try, anyhow, and I'm willing," Prudence said, with some excitement. "But I don't like leaving you alone here at the mercy of that drinking villain." "I'm not afraid of him-at least not much. I believe he is more afraid of me than I am of him. At any rate, it is the only chance, Prudence. Everything is against us here. I believe they mean to put me in an insane asylum if I don't give p and.own- that wretch for my husband, and they will put you there with me if you don't look out.: Wait a minute now and let me speak to'Mrs Turfit." She turned to the housekeeper. " Miss Garr wishes' to go away. If she gives you the keys, and I agree to remain as I am for the present, will you see that a car riage takes her at once to -Hampton Station to meet the midnight express train t" Mrs Turfit promised eagerly. She knew Jasper hated Miss Garr, and she had him say many times that he wished h get rid of her-not very lately, how not since he had discovered that Pr suepected he was Rick Halsey. James was despatched to see that t mised carriage was made ready. Miss Garr, with a solemn 'and im air, drew Sybil into the adjoining roo , Here is something I am going you, the old lady said, with tears in h and a quiver in her voice. "I ho won't need it, but you may." ' The something" was a small pisto looking, which Prudence took out fro place of concealment. '* It don't look much," she said, sS smiled, "but it will shoot-and it is now." - o Sibyl kissed iti and kissed Mlss.Gar took it, and.thanked her with emotio , Now you use it if you need, and d afraid. It will shoot enough for. Haisey, I guess. He's a coward, anyh Miss Garr. James came presently to.say the c was ready. Sibyl turned white as death and cl Hiss Garr passionately. . " Remember," she said, "thatyou meI alone among bitter enemies; th are'the only friend I have in the W help 'me. You won't forsake me undr circumstances, will you Prudence 1" SI will seer forsake you I . wi t by you and work for your help as lo can draw breath I" Prudence decla tween sobs. "And if you come back and I am n r -It no one can or will tell you whe -you will still keep searching silt y me, won't you I" " "I will-I will I" Miss G(arr gave the much.eontested libyl ".Keep them yourself till James ca tells you I have started," she said lick Halsey may try to stop me at moment."' SMrs Turfit toesed her hear aud volumes of insolence, but she made jection in words, only bade her a t come and stand with her against t for fear the seray womanehould tryt out. - Sibyl gave. no heed-to her impet only watched' analeusly and" withbt heart for James' retur. .. . ... 'r. be eselis ). 