THE SKETCHER. SOME SOUTHERN BEASTS. UNDEB WHICH HEAD ABC INCLUDED THE ABOB1UINES OF THIS CODNTBV. [By I'kku S.J for classing the blackfellow with the Nolothariidse, of which. group oar dear diprotodon i> a distinguished member, I hire this exouue-that if he is not extinct he soon will be, and that many writers, both past and present, have classed him as a beast. When you add be that time-worn summing-up ot . savage, " manners-none, customs-beastly," that be is without records of the pastor hope for the future, too stupid to invent improve ments on his own account or adopt those of others, you have something very like. the popular idea of him. The early voyagers to this southern land of ours always bad alow opinion of him. Ue had a stupid idea in his savage head that if strangers oame they would literally, " spoil sport," and fought for it like a savage, killing eo many Dutoh mariners, who only oame. to spy out the land, and virtuously appropriate whatever valuable commodities znignt be about (see instructions of the Dutch East India Cdmpany to one Abel Jansen TaBman) that they gave up tbe attempt in disgust. _ , Always insensible to tbe beautiesof civili zation, and unlike the far superior Rod Indian, who meekly submitted to a Dutch man's foot as standard weight for 1 lb. in tbe weighing of skins, and tbe African, whose " mighty mind" admits cheap toys ana flimsy cotton as legal tender for skins, ivory, produce, and labour, the Australian blaok would not trade, beads and tinsel evoked no enthusiasm in his unoultured bosom. He .would nob work, or who knows to what dimensions the Aus tralian slave trade might not have attained? ? Dampier tells us an instance of hopeless stupidity, how, ono hot day, he tried to persuade some blanks to carry kegs of water to the boats, ofTeringin payment clothes * * bo old as to bo quite useless,1 and how those blaoks only stood and grinned, For these and other reasons .of a like nature 'divers grave navigators wrote him dowa a i fool, and many subsequent'writers down to the present day have written "ditto" under j that desoription, which is, when you oome to J think of it, extremely satisfactory, for being euoh a-fool it is quite right he should be superseded, his extinction only anticipating an inevitable step in tbe evolution of man kind, and it is rather a shook when one has comfortably Bottled down in this opinion to learn that this unleasoned and degraded savage is not without some semblanoe of an intellect, has even got the better of a white man now and then; has a language strangely ample for such a savage, laws of kind and enough organization.to put tbeni in foroe even to a sort of Trial by Jury ; also soine dim legends of the past, absurd of course, telling how Moora-inoorn made little black lizards, whioh afterwards developed into blackfellotra; or how Wyungare went up to Wyirravarre by olimbing up a rope attached to a spear stuck in the sky; or how gigantic kangaroos and other big beasts flourished _ here in the past. He has. his superstitions too, so some folks tell us, some dim idea of an after life, and a very real belief Jn ghosts, witohcraft, and general soroery.. A little while ago such beliefs would have stamped him as a very benighted savage indeed, but now they bring him up to date. His' sorcexy, bone-strike, .or death 'spell, .be* oomea bypnotia suggestion.' . The story of Wyuagare's asoent Bky wprds is a version of the Indian rope tnok seen and described by many respectable witnesses, but never as yet explained. As for the doctors who oall down spirits-sometimes to the number of ten-to assist and advise in the treatment of a difficult case, what are they but mediums 1 The subse quent flight upwards of dootor and spirits together is an example of levitation, that strange phenomenon whioh is still puzzling the spiritualisti? world. In' short, his muoh derided ghosts behave in much tbe same way as the fin-de- siecle spooks, beloved of the Psychical Society, as Andrew Lang shows, with his usual erudition in an article on " Comparative Psychical Research" in the Contemporary Review. But this is not all, not only does literature unexpectedly ackno wledge him, but science, too, must pat him on the bask, find the big beasts, or something very like them, and prove lnm a true prophet, or j rather historian, after all; for though tbe diprotodon is said to be more like an over gfown wombat with a touoh of the elephant I about him, and of decidedly amphibious habits, instead of, as was at first supposed, a veritable giant kangaroo, who knows whit else may have been hidden in the oozy bosom of Lake Mulligan? There are eight big Aus tralian beasts known to science in a distant sort of way. You can't be exaotly familiar I with a fellow when you have only seen I a fragment or so of his skull. Who knows" what they may turn out to be on closer acquaintance? There is, for instance, the Soiparnodon. who-to speak vulgarly -has just escaped oblivion "by the ekm of his teeth," two upper and two lower front teeth being all that baB yet been found of hiru-just enough to class him by, always supposing that tbey were nob fals© \ the fact that it is said that they have not, up to tbe_ present time, been found attached to a jaw is, it must be confessed, suspicious. Anyhow, there is plenty of room for speculation concerning the rest of him, and. besides, who knows what else may turn up there or elsewhere? I'erhapB even a busyip, gigantic bnast, of a build too strange to enter the mind of any hut a savage or a soientist-for its head waB the head of an emu, with a long bill set at the end. with saw like teeth, its body that of an alligator, its hind legs thick and very strong, its forelegs much longer and armed with formidable claws. When in i'le water it swam like a frog, on land it walked on itB hind legs, with its head erect, and measured twelve or thirteen feet in height when in that position. It frequented wateroourses, grabbing its proy with its strong claws, and hugged them to death. Suoh was tbe description given by a Viotorian black about fifty years ago, when, as now, bones, or rather one bone, was exercising the mind of the fortunate findera. It was found on the shores of Lake Timboon, westward of Lake' Oolao, and was described by the Geelong Advertiser as 41 apparently tbe head of tibia, or lower joint of the knee ; tbe articulating surface is as diBtinot and Complete as if the bone bad never undergone the petrifying prooess; the fracture where the shank of.the bone .has been broken is also very little changed in appear ance, and displays the double ohannels of medullary matter whioh are peculiar to the tibia. The dimensions of this frag ment of .a bone are of the most oolossal nature,' measuring as it does ten Inches .across the front of~~the kneejoint (in diameter, not in oircumference). The -thickness from the front to the baok, however, is not in prooortion to the width, and it has not tbe Soundness of the same bone in ordinary animals." " . . The writer goes on to disclaim sufficient geological or anatomical knowledge "to^offer any opinion as to the description of animal, of wbioh tbe bone at one time formed a part, but " an intelligent black" to whom it was shown bad no each scruples, be at onco ro cognised it as belonging to the "bunyip,v whioh he declared he bad seen. On being requested to males a drawing of it he did so without hesitation. The bone and the pioturo were then shown separately to different blsoksi who had no opportunity of oontmunioating with eaob other, and tney one and all 're cognised the bone and picture as belonging to the "bunyip," repeating the name without variation. One declared that be knew where the whole of thB bones of one animsl were to be found; another stated that his mother was killed by one of them at the Barwt'n Lakes within a few miles of Geelong, aAd thaV another woman was killed on the vary spot where the punt crosses the Barwon aft South Geelong.' The most direot evidence of ill was - that of Mumbororan, who showed seveiM deep wounds in his breast made by the olawaof the animal. Does this fearsome beaBt still Itfrk in lonely waterboles, ooming up to bask in the sun on hot days, but einking again S4 the slightest sound, or was the portrait Over coloured by fear and a lively imagination,'and the original, like Big Ben in Bruntoa Stephens's poem Just what you may call, Take him for all in all, An altejator. There was a similarity of tastes at aV events. For Ben loved all onr race. Both saint and sinner; If he had bad his way. lie would have brought each day One home for dinner. However, it is not safe in these days to be too positive, as OharleB Kingsley very sensibly points out" not seeing a thing existing" is a very different thing from "seeing it not ex isting. " Turn up A work on paleontology, and Vou will find queerer beasts than the bunyip. Besides, queer beasts have been found not only dead but living". .It is aggravating to think of opportunities thrown away on people unable to appreciate them, as, for instance, a man in Western Australia who saw what be "thought was a pig in his garden, but finding it to be a-totally unknown animal, killed it, chopped off its head, whioh he threw away, and put the body aoroBs the doorway to startle his family. What it was aoienoe will never know, it may have been one of those strange animals whioh so sadly worried "Gantharides P. Roebuok, late of the steamboat Arakoon." "I took the things on board as pigs," he tells his restive but helpless listener. "I took the thinpaon board as pig*, As pigs I signed for them, I passed an entry on them-pics, Pigs, see, from starn to stern." "Wal, wal; I little guessed that they Would play It down »n low WasXhetn consignments pigs? Was them things pigs or no?" No doubt on this point troubles him till he gets the said "consignments" down to Brisbane, and a butcher came on board to buy " lie eyed the beasts," the tale flowed on, And tossed his cussed head, Andturningon his heel, sezhe, " I thought 'twas jiigs you said." "And alnt them pigs?" bnthe was gose, Wal, though I oiled at this, I tried my Jtvel best to see The pints he took amiss. As the said " pints" may be of interest to scientific readers, I take the liberty of quoting Brunton Stephens' poem at some length ' Bub'cept a kinder curous smile That squintln' didn't mend. An' ah appealing way they had Of settiii' up on end. , An' cept about the snont a tech Of Native Porkyplne, I couldn't see the reason why - That parcel wasn't swine. When two more butohers have inspeoted the parcel, and the last, a " trusted friend," has indicated'the points he takes amies in this work- ' ' " Canthtirides P., it seems to me, Them pettitoes Is claws," the skipper's feelings are too muoh for him, and he faints away. Returning to conscious ness he determines to have his doubts eet at rest onoe for all "Go, fetch me a rowologist" I thundered, a» I rose, " Let's see what larned science makes Of them air pettitoes." "Larned Soienoe"in the shape of a taxi dermist is brought on board by main force and handsomely feed "Sez. I then," as he stooped and spread Bis hands upon his knees, " Illustrious zew-ologist. What articles air they ?" A wild surprise lit up bis eyes As through his specs lie blinked; " Dear meT" sex he, I always thought That griffins were extinct." , This very guarded opinion does not seem to satisfy Cantharides P. He pitohes the whole consignment overboard, and spends tbe rest of his existence in a search for zoological infor mation- ? I ask the sea. I ask the Bky. I ask It high anil low, *' Was them air shipments pigs. Was them things pigs or no?" Perhaps if he will drop into our museum by and-by, he may oome across something to set his mind at rest on this vexed subject. 