GERALDTON PARISH CHURCH. CONSECRATION SERVICE The consecration of the newly-erected portion of the Geraldton Parish Church was performed on Friday last, the ceremony being conducted by Biwhop Parry, who made a hurried visit to the district for this purpose, arriving by the J-'luidrrs on Wednesday and returning by the same boat on the following Friday night. At the hour appointed for the service there was a good attendance, although not nearly so large as it would have been had the ceremony taken place on Sunday. Everything being ready, the Bishop, attended by his Acting Registrar, Mr. Maitland Brown, and by the Ref. Robt. Elliott of the Greenough and the Rev. F. Adams of Dongarra, was received at the door of the Church by the Rev. Canon Lonch, Incumbent of Geraldton and Rural Dean for this District, and tho officers of the Church. Here a petition to consecrate the new portion of the church was delivered to the Bishop, who having first proceeded to the Chancel steps ordered the same to be read, and then consenting to the prayer of the petitioners the ceremony, of which the ordinary morning service formed a part, was proceeded with. The pravers were read by Canon Louch, and the first and second lessons taken by the visiting clergy. The psalms appointed for the day were the lxxxiv and exxxii. After the reading of the exxiii psalm, which formed part of the special service, the Bishop offered the following' intercessions (the congregation kneeling) — At the tectcm—for hearers; At the rhancel steps—for those who shall be confirmed and for those who shall be married ; At the altar—for communicants and for those who shall make offerings and for all who shall worship. After which, the congregation standing, the Acting-Registrar read aloud the seatence of consecration, the Bishop subsequently signing it. His Lordship preached a thoroughly practical sermon from the text: "The glory of this latter house shall be greater, and in this place will I give peace, saith the Lord of Hosts." Haegai, 2nd Chap. 9th verse. In the course of his address Bishop Parry expressed gratification at the necessity for enlarging the parish church and at the success which had attended the efforts of Canon Louch and the Church Officers in carrying out the work. His Lordship dwelt on the fitness of beautifying God's house, and complimented priest and officers and congregation on the vastly improved appearance of the church. He, however, impressed .upon his hearers that while it was their duty to make the church building beautiful and attractive it was of far greater importance that they should be individually consecrated to God's service and themselves become living temples of the Holy Ghost. Not the least attractive portion of Friday's service was that contributed by the choir, the music both of chants and hymns being of an exceptional order of merit. Altogether the ceremony was an impressive and interesting one. Christ Church as now improved, if it boasts no great, architectural beauty, at any rate presents, both insido and out, 'a more harmonious and pleasing form than formerly, and is an edifice of which the congregation and all concerned may well feel proud, and the more so that it is practically free from debt. AVith the additions which have been made recently, present needs are more than ! provided for, the Church having sitting ac- ! eominodation for about 250 people. The ar- ! rangement of the seats in the new portion ! of the building differs from that in the older part of the Church in that there are only two j rows instead of three. This break in ; tho uniformity was a happy idea, it having J had the effect of foreshortening the building which might, otherwise have been suggestive of a shooting gallery. The prominence given to the choir, who are located to tho rear of the Lecturn. is a decided improvement on the old arrangement, the baase* and enorH facing the sopranos and altofi anointing largely to blend and harmonise the voiceM. he organist is not allott<-d su.-h a prominent position ns could In, \vi:-hcd, oerhapn, but when the churchwardens find tlicniMlvcii ill a position to indulge in tho luxury of tt p>p« rgan we may take it that the preaont arrangements in thD respect will be considoralily modified. Thanks to the good i)ftice« of the Indy inenibcrH of the congregation the altar fit t ings are of the choicest ami bijst, a* is befitting the most sacred jxirtioii of tho building. A magnificent drape of rich tapestry of olive preen interwoven with gold tbreads suspended from an ornamental brajwi rod Htietchi'N across the east, end of the building beneath the gorgeoun stained window, while the altar itself on the occasion of tho recent cercmonv was decked with a handsome cloth of white and gold. A magnifieont jewelled cross stood on a pi-dental on the altar, forming a centre piece, while on either sidfi stood the candles and vases of white flowem. the ('ff)H't being both M l iking and beautiful. Although the church building now that it is enlarged affords ample accommodation for those who worship in it from time to time, we hope very many yearn will not elapse before Canon Louch will have tho pleasure of finding u still larger church a necessity of the times, and that correxpondinff progress will be manifested by other churches in the place, for however far these institutions fall short of the ideal their influence is for good, and that continually. 