The Missing Model; A GHOST STORY, BY J. GALBRAITH, (A NEW WRITKR.) " A Plague on all marrying and giving in marriage; say I." Gordon Mayne flung aside the sheaf of brushes he had been washing and began to stride impatiently up and down the studio. "Why the deuce does the women want to get married?" lie demanded. "'What business has a model to marry, at all ? She is the property of the artistic public, and no single man should be permitted to monopolise her, least of all a Philistine of a shop-walker who refuses to allow his wife to sit, oven to her oldest friend, It is all very well for you to lie grinning there, Faucit; but.let me tell you it is no laughing matter. Here am I with an idea, a masterpiece evolving itself in my mind-a picture that should make my name and lift me among the gods on high Olympus; a sublime conception, which I should,.of course, treated sublimely. Apd now, at the eleventh hour, my only model, the only, woman who is,the living omodiment of my dream, cooly sends me word that she has married a shop-walker-a shop-walhcr, if you please-mid can .undertake no more engagements. It is absurd I It is brutal! To what. end has Nature endowed her with 1 that faultless form and divine length of limb, with that superb carriage, if the one is to be hidden by the stylish abominations, of Vyesfcbourne Grove clothiers, and the other ruined by wheeling the eternal perambu lator down Bayswater slums? Any healthy, female of foua foot nothing would have answered thd question equally well. It is sacrilege that " That divine form should be clasped in the arms of a low-born peasant," quoted Faucit from the divan, where he lay luxuriously among the cushions, puffing little clouds o( smoke rings into the warm air,, and laughing softly at his friend's vehemence. . " So it is, old chap. I sympathise. Have a cigarette? " " I don't care a blue cent who clasps the divine form, so long as T can paint it," retorted the other crossly, ignoring, the nroffered oase; "but it 'is sacrilege' that suoh a model should be wasted on; mere matrimony, t shall never meet li9r equal! My picture is lost." " Rot! " responded Faucit, with convic tion. "London is stiff with models. There is always as good fish in the sea as' ever came put. See here, De Oroissao is off to Rome next week. Fie has a capital girl, ' brunette, statuesque-the reverse of gro tesque.' I'll ask him to send her address. Titty might arragne with her while he is away. He won't bo back till October." Tho studio was full of the Soft gloom of a lato afternoon in Jauuary. Outside the dying sunset threw a crimson glow on the gathering mists which were turning the prosaic villas of the St. John's Wood Road into enchanted palaces of mystery. "Within a wood fire burned between the dogs on. tho great open hearth and flickered over the unfinished sketches alter nating with plaster on casts on the walls, over two or three big easels, and the odds and ends of draperies and Eastern Embroid-, cries scattered about. Gordon Mayne had' but recently taken possession of the studio. It'had been standing empty for some time, and he had secured it at a compuritivcly low rental. .« it is an odd thing," remarked! Fauoit, meditatively, " that tho very last time I was here Devoriil was toariug his liair over the the disappearance of a model. You remem ber his ' Vanity,' don't you ? No? Ah, then was exhibited in '87, when you were in Paris Well, it was one of the pictures of the year, and the girl who sat for it was lovely, per fectly exquisite. Deverill found her and -., ',,it to no one but to him and Flint, who l.is .ji'eat chum, you know. One day she did not turn up as usual. It was tho first time silo had ovor failed him, and Doverill, fancied something unforeseen had happened aud kept her at home, swore a little, and he thought no more about till late in the evening the girl's father came to enquire at what time his daughter left the Btudio. Then it turned out that she had not gone home the previous night, and she never did go home. They searched for her high and low, had the canal dragged, put on detectives, and advertised for weeks, but it wau'nt the least use. She had vanished off the face of the earth, and not a word has been heard of her from that day to this." " Bolted with some one, I suppose," said Mayne, conclusivly. " No, that was the odd part of it. Her name had never been mixed up with a man's. She wasn't that sort of a young womon at all. When they searched her room they found no letters, nothing that gave the smallest clue to any affair of the kind. Besides, she took no clothes with her; absolutely nothing. Deverill was in despair. ? She was sitting for . (Enonc Forsaken,' the picture he painted for McCandlisb, the colonial millionaire, and he had not. quite finished it. I- can't tell you how much he spent over trying to find her. After that, he threw up the classic, and went in for Scriptural subjects. Queer fellow, Deverill;" concluded Faucit, lighting fresh cigarette. " Would any other man exile himself for three yesrs in some stink ing Arab village, for the sake of painting his virgins an/1 diciples on the spot ? " " Lucky for me he went," said Mayne, %or I should have lost the chance of a rattling good Btudio. 'Well if really mean to dine with Mrs.Lockhart at seven, I must dress. There is some sherry and a bottle cf Angostura bitters in that cupboard, and here is a glass. Help yourself while you you aro waiting. I shall not be long." Mrs. Lockhart was noted for her little dinners. Covers were invariably for eight, and both guests and menu were selected with infinite care. Under the congenial influ ences of good wine and good company, Mayne forgot his grievances, and it was not till the two men were parting for the night, that he again recurred to the subject of the model. Faucit was going to the club, the artist of St. John's Wood. ; .' Don't forget 60 ask for that girl's address he said," as. he stepped into his hansom^ and the other' nodded assent. In the art istic world Gordon Mayne was generally spoken of aB a rising man. He had been rising for several years without having attained to any considerable height. Not that his work wasn't good for it was and the dealers seldom left anything on his hands, but Bince his first exhibition on the walls of Burlington House, he had produced nothing very striking, and the critics, who had prophesied great things of the creator of Pelagia," they felt had been taken in and let him'know it. By portraits and potboilers a man may gain lucre, but not fame ; and Gordon had begun t.o realise that it was high time he should bo represented in the summer exhibitions by something more important than young ladies in evening gowns and the pretty green and gay landscapes, with which city gentlemen of artistic predilec tions like to adorn their suburban dining rooms- He had waited a long time for an inspiration, and at last the inspiration had come. On the afternoon following Mrs. Lockliart's dinner, Mayne was busily Engaged ill roughing out his idea with a bit of charcoal, a single female figure three-quarter-length and life-size-against a curtain doorway. The left hand drew aside the heavy draperies. The right raised the veil from the face. ; The picture was to be called " Avenged," and the expression of the woman was to convey its own story to the spectator. If ionly ho could find an adequate model Mayne felt the composition must prove a BUCCOBB. He. was sensible of an enthusiasm for the subject which had latterly been wanting in his work.., and he deeply 'engrossed the sketch when some one knooked at the o*te$ door-it was a low; almost timed knock, which had to be twice* repeated before the artist's attention was fairly arrested. Rather reluctantly he rose to answer the summons. It was almost dark outside, and bis eyes, dazzled by the bright light of the studio, took in with difficulty the lineaments of the woman standing on the threshold. She did not speak, only stood looking wistfully into the lighted room. " You want to see me ?" Mayne inquired courteously. .' Will you come in ?" He threw' back the door. As she stepped forward, he saw that his visitor was a young I woman, considerably above the average height, and that she moved superbly, with the natural grace of a perfectly- formed and healthy girl. A second glance assured him that she was undeniably pretty. She was well, but not fashionably, dressed in some black clinging material which hung in straight almost classical folds. As she reached the centre of the room she turned and threw back the veil she wore with a gesture that brought a involuntary exclamation to the painter's lips. It was the precise action he had attributed to the figure in his sketch. His eyes devoured the faultless features, the exquisite colouring of the face before, him, the rich tint of the chestnut hair visible beneath her hat, the expression of the wonderful eyes. For a few moments he stood silently gazing:, lost in admiration of her singular beauty. Then, finding she made no eftort to explain her errand, he became conscious of the absurdity of the situation. " You wish to see mo ?" I10 said. " What can I do.for you ?" Her eyes rested on the unfinished sketch, as she answered in a low voice " You require a model ?" It flashed across Mayno that this must be the girl Fauoit had mentioned, and he inwardly endorsed his friend's encomiums on De Croiasac's proteyec. Ho began at once to explain his requirements, hours, &o.; She listened quietly, answering his diroct questions, but never volunteering a remark. When the arrangements were oompletod, she declined his offer of refresh mentt and wont to the, door. As he showed her out, the young man reminded her that he knew ueither her name or address. The girl raised ber beautif.il eyes slowly to liis face. " I shall be bore at ten," .she answered, and slipped passed bim into the darkness. Later in the evening a telegram was delivered at the studio. * It was from Faucit, stating that be was on "the point of starting for Athens, in consequence of a despatch apprising bim of the sudden death at the British Embassy of his eldest brother. _ Mayne threw iiimself heart and soul into his new work. The model proved1 an admirable sitter. She caught the spirit not only of the pose, but of the facial expression, and her powers of endurance were remarkable. She cculd stand for almost any length of time without evincing the slightest fatigue. As the work grew undor his band, Mayne became more and more fascinated. His arti&tic; sensibilities were roused to a species of exaltation. The picture was never absent from his thoughts by day, and a 11^ -long he dreamed of it. The singular be\ ./oi'his model exercised over bim an almost magnetic influence. The hours he spent with her in the studio wore like an introduction into a new and unknown world. Without analysing the cause, he was conscious in her presence of a keen delight to which hehad hitherto been a stranger. Ho was jealous of any eye but his resting on that exquisitoy face, ' and denied bimselt to- all visiters during the sittings. He workedfor the most part in silence. The girl never spoke unless directly addressed. . She was surrounded by an atmosphere of myster^. She showed the strongest aversion to meeting with strangers and on twt) occasions on which in the early days of her engagement Mayne had received friends, she disappeared and did not return until ho was again alone. It was not until after she bad been sitting to him for several weeks that the artist learned her name and address, and then^on condition that he should make no ugs^of the knowledge except under urgent necessity-. He gavo the promise readily, as he would have agreed to anything she required, for she had obtained a remarkable influence over the young, man"; Without, a word having passed between them, lie was deeply in love with his model, and he believed that she understood his unexpressed sentiment towards her. ' At the end of April Faucit returned to town. Famliy affairs had detained him abroard far into February, after which he had accompanied a relative on a protracted yatching trip. One of his first visits was paid to the studio in St. John's Wood. He found Mayne at home, and disengaged. The two men had not corresponded, and Faucit inquired with interest after the pro gress of his friend's work. " How did you manage without your model ?" he asked, when he had seated him* self on the divan and lighted the usual cigarette. " I thought once of writing to Do Groissac about that girl, but I didn't know his address in Home, and the news of poor Bob's death drove everything else out of my head before I left Engla,nd." Mayne stared at him blankly. " But you did send her," lie said. " She came the very next "day." " She-Who " The model, of oourse ; and I can never thank you sufficiently for what you did for me. She is an inspiration. I can honestly say that'picture is the best thing I have ever done, It. is splendidly hung, on line at the end of the second room. See here," he pointed to the black-and-white study which hung on the opposite wall; " that gives you a faint idea of it." Faucit pulled himself up, and went over to the Bketcli. As his eyes rqBted on it his face changed. * " Good God I " he exclaimed, "who sat for that ? " " De Oroissac's model, the girl you stent, and the most perfect Woman in the whole world.". " Are you off your head, ? " cried Faucit ;> " that is no more De Oroissac's model than l am, and I never sent ariy one. That is Great Heavens! Mayne, don't play the fool. Where did you find her ? How did she get here ? Answer me," as the artist Btood in silent amazement at this unprecedented out bust of excitement on the part of his impassive friend, "where in the name of all that is wonderful did ! you come across Violet Lucas ? '* " You know her name? " "Know, her name," repeated tho other, impatiently. " Wasn't her name advertised in every paper, at every police station in London. I tell you: the original of that picture is none other than Deverill's lost model, the girl who disappeared three years 1 ago." *, * * The private view of the Royal Academy was, if anything; more largely attended than usual. All sorts and conditions of notabil ities thronged the principal rooms. Lady journalists taking hasty notes of the costume worn by a charming young duchess who was malting a" tour of inspection under the President's guidance. A leading scientist was aim in arm with a well-known writer in burlesque ; B.A.'s and A.B.A.'s by the dozen, starB of the artistic and dramatic firmament, authors, critics, a mammoth picture-dealer, a host of people merely smart, and'aBmaller sprinkling of those who could not boast even that most modern of all claims to notorietory. , <. Very fine picture. Long way the strongest thing ,we have seen of yours since 'Pelagid,.'" The great dealer nodded ap provingly at Mayne, who stood chatting with Faucit'at a short-distanco away from his work. "I Baid just now toMcOandlish (he's tho man for you),' if you want to soe tho picture of tho year,' I said,' there it is. Mayne is a coming man. If you don't take it I shall.' Don't you let him have it a penny under six hundred. I'll give five hundred myself for it any day ; it's a very fine work." _ . - " Yes," put. in. the critic of a leading journal, who was also an old friend of tho artiBt, " it takes a lot of punishment to malto ,you try, old man, but when you are screwed up to the point, you arc capable of cutting down you* field. I've had my knife into you consistently tor about four years now. and at least I have succeeded in driving you to produce a picture worth criticising." " Here is McCandlish," said Bignold. " You don't know him, I think ? " He turned to the new-comer with a few words of explanation, and presented Mayne. The millionaire was a big man, verging on fifty, with immense shoulders and a fresh coloured, rather sensual face. He acknowledged the introduction m a somewhat offhand manner, glanced at the. picture, The "eyes of three of the little group turned in the same direction; but Faucit, who happened to bo looking at the Australian, saw him give an irrepressible start. "When was the picture painted, Mr. Mayne ^ asked, in a' tone that was a trifle too casual. "1 finished it three weeks ago." " Did you work from "a--a model ?" : " Certainly, and it is a very, faithful por trait. ., McOandish could not take his eyes off the canvas. It had evidently, made a great impression on him. With an attempt at carelessness which was not lost on at least one of his auditors, he continued " The picture bears a striking resemblance to one already in my possession; but the lady who sat for that is dead, I am,told, ? " Perhaps "-to his dying day Faucit will never know what prompted the remark "Miss Lucas is not dead. Perhaps before long she may be "Avenged," said a clear voice at his elbow, " No.112."" The lady who had spoken passed on, but Faucit turning saw that every vestige of colour had died out of the Ausfcralian's face. His jaw dropped, his .eyes were staring straight before liim] where close by the barrier, stood a tall, graceful woman, dressed in* black. With her! right hand she raised the veil she wore, and disclosed the exquisite features of Mayne's mysterious model- the. original: of the picture boliind her-tho missing Violet Lucas ! ' . For a brace of seconds Faucit heldilhis breath. Then he caught' sight of May&e;'s face, beaming with delight, an knew ho was not dreaming. With a stiffled cry of " My. God!" McOandish staggered back and clung to Bignold's arm for support. The exclamation distracted Faucit's atten aoa; when he looked again for the girl she had gone. Mayne had also vanished in the crowd, and. _ Bignold, with' consternation' written on his broad, red face, was , enquiri ng of the colonial' what the deuce .was the. matter with him ? McOandish '. looked i ghastly. " It is nothing," he stammered sort of attack I have sometimes-over directly, Help me to get out of this. The heat is stifling. The good natured dealer shouldered a passage through the. crowd. 1 Faucit turned to the critic. "Did you see that girl ?" ho; asked. '' The one in.green ? Hardly a girl-forty if^ho is a day, but a handsoma woman "No, no," impatiently; "the girl in black who was standing in: front Of Mayne's picture." . - T-ff . . ? The other staredir: "Is.it a riddle?-", he inquired. "I'm not good at riddles.: Ask me another." "You must have seen her," -F uwt .urged. ",It was Mayne's model.t&TS;&b; is the joke ?" he .added, shoHl^^afis comv amnion,broke into a broad smile.*// * "My dear chap, if it wore airy one but you . I should ask; where you had been lunching." . . " I don't know what the devil you mean," was the retort. " The girl wa3 there. McCandlish saw her, so did Mayne, so must you unless _ you are blind. She was stand ing there," iddicting the spot. j Th<? other man instantly became gravo. " You have been overdoing it a little," 1 he said. " I know the sort of thing: get it myself sometimes. Go and see your dootor and tako it easy for bit." " Do you think I am mad or drunk ? " said Faucit, indignantly. "Neither; but a little overworked. On my honor, old man, there was no one there/',.. : ; Without* another word Faucit left him. Elbowing his'way to tho door, he met Bignold. " Where is McOandish ? " "I've put him into a cab and sent him home. He,seemed all right when I got him inside, v Queer sort of attack, wasn't it?" . " Very," Faucit . assented, dryly. The Bight!of that girl startled: him, I suppose." "' " Whatgirl?" ;'' * The situation was becoming oriticaU The young man pulled himself together. " Did you not Bee," he inquired, trying hard to keep his temper, " a woman in 'black, standing before Mayne's picture ? " " What the deuco are you driving at ? I was straight opposite the picture, and (there wasn't any woman that I saw." j There was no mistaking the sincerity of his tone. Faucit muttered something about a mistake, and went in search of Mayne. He found the artist returning breathless from the lmll. . " I cannot find her anywhere," ho began, i " I have been through all the rooms and ] out into the street. I asked the constable downstairs, but no oqo seems to have seen her. It is very odd." " Very odd indeed," was Faucit's answer, " Come outside, where we can talk quietly. There is . more in this than , meets the eye." " Look here," was his next remark, when ho had related what had passed during Mayne's absence. " Thoro is a screw loose somewhere. I do not believe in spiritualism and that sort of thing, but I mean to got to.the bottom of this business. You say Miss Lucas gave you her address ; you must communicate with her." [Concluded in our next, ] 