STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. THE STERLING CONCERT . SEASON. " The Black Flag at the Royal. v The first concert- of what may bo known as the " Antoinette Sterling Series" was given at the Town Hall on Saturday night. There was a very large attendance, his Excel lency Sir Robert Duff, Lady Duff, family ana suite occupying seatB upon the floor of tlio ball. In other respects, too, the con cert was sufficiently successful to fully realise 'the hopes of those who are interested in the tour, and if the liberal display of enthusiasm may bo accepted as a guarantee of complete approval, .the enter tainment certainly fulfilled all that was ex pected of it. Of all the musical celebrities who havo from time to time visited thiB country in search of now triumphs and an increase of fortune not one lias met with more effusive cordiality and flattering welcome than did-- Madame Antoinette Sterling when she made her first appear ance before Saturday night's great assem blage. For those who had personal remem brance of her remarkable talent there was the very deep pleasure of renewing an enjoyable acquaintance, and for those who knew her but by her great name there was the keen interest of eager expectation. When the famous singer camo before the house iu her plain white evening dress — or robe, to describe it more accurately— with the kindly face beaming with a smile of gratification, tho applause was such as had never before been heard in the building. For fully 30 seconds Madame Sterling stood bowed before the enthusiastic multitude, and then, com posing herself, she raised her wee book of words and commenced "Tho Gift." Writing of the singer in Melbourne someone re marked that when the first notes of the voice wore heard there was a feeling of disappointment, a statement that to some extent is true, for it is not in the richness of vocal quality that tho artist works her wonderful charm — nhhongli of course there is still great sweet- nes and sympathetic beauty of tone — but with tho immense amount of feeling and soulful sincerity which marks tho treat ment that the great artiste holds her hearers literally spell- bound and en chanted. To tears or to laughter Madame Sterling can move her audience ut will, a power the singer exercised most wonderfully in her third number, the old Scotch song " We're a' Noddin," tho homely pathos of which she rendered so intensely touching that many of her hearers were moved to tears that trembled with the laughter caused by the quaint refrain of tho chorus. It is not likoly that those who heard Madame Sterling sing Hullah's "Three Fishers YVent Sail ing " will ever forget the pathetic beauty of tho rendering. She sang it sweetly, and with no effort at musical elaboration, but with a wondrous depth of feeling and a tender sadness as she told the sorrowful story that brought a choking to the tdroat and a dimness to the eye that made onefeelvery much like breaking down altogether and crying right out. Then in response to an undcuiable recall Madame Sterling sang in her own inimitable way "Up in the Mornin' Early." Ab an encore to " The Gift," Bohrende's beautiful song, to which the singer gave delightful interpretation, Maduine Sterling sang a quaint negro melody, "The Massa ob do Sheepfold," and" as a closing numbor, "Love's Old Sweet Song," which was specially written and composed for her. Amateurs who may number this in their repertoire will find in Madame Sterling's treatment many educational points. During the even ing the eminent artiste was presented with several magnificent boquets. Tho other lady vocalist was Miss Isabel Webster, an artisto with whom Sydnoy audiences are already well ac quainted. For a very tasteful rendering of Gounod's "Nella Calma " Miss YVeb- ster was recalled, when with much purity of tone and sympathy of expression she sang " Tho Sea Hath its Pearls." Lator in the evening Miss Webster sang with equal success Sullivan's " Eva." Additional interest was attached to the concert from the fact that it served to introduce two male artists who, as far as we are awuro, are new to this city. Mr. James Wood, tho tenor of the company, has certainly established popularity for himself, and we may predict that ho will be heard with pleasure during the scries. His voice is of u very pleasant quality, and but for a peculiarity of pro- dueling it at times through half-closed teeth, which gives a suggestion of " throatiness," he is ciitcd to an extent that will make him a favorile wherever he may be heard. The music of "SaliiS Duiiora" ("Faust") was not so well suited to his style as that of Blumenthal's ' Evening Song," which tho singer gave with so much sweetness of tone and sym pathy that an encore was insisted upon. Out of compliment doubtless to the dis tinguished visitors in front, Mr. Wood then saug with considerable spirit " Gae Bring to Me." Mr. Holder, the other newcomer, who, it seemed, was at a disadvantage owing to a cold, used a large voice in the rccit and aria of Gounod's "Shs Alone Charmcth My SadnesB," which would have .been more interesting had there been more warmth and fervor in the render ing. Tho basso was, however, very successful with "In Sheltered Vale," whieh, with fine expression, ho sang to a most effective ninftp- For this number Mr_ TTnlHen was warmly recalled. Very valu able and enjoyable assistance was given by Miss May Habgood, who not only accompanied the singers very skilfully, but played with so much exocutive skill a pot pourri of Scotch airs that she was en thusiastically recalled. As an encore Miss Habgood played " The Cascade," a charm ing melody, and later in the evening she waB heartily applauded for her treatment of the " Rhapsodic Hongroise No. 2" of Lizst. To open the concert Mis3 YVebster aud Mr. Wood sang Lucauloni's "A Night in Venice," in which tne voices blended per fectly, and as a final the same singers joined with Mr. Holder in the trio "Belisario," which was effectually given. Tho uext con cert will take place on Tuesday night, when Madame Sterling will sing "A Mother's Love," " The Better Land" and "My Boy Tammie." " Tho Black Flag," which was produced at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday evouing, is a drama in five acts, abounding in sensa tions of tho most extravagant order. The piece derives itB name from tho old-tiroo custom at Portland of hoisting a black flag and firing alarm guns whon a prisoner at tempts to escape from tho prison. It is stated that there is only one inBtanco on record of a convict getting away, and it is upon this episode that Mr. Henry Pettitt has founded tho play. The plot is a deep and dark one, whereby an innocent man iB made to suffer for tho crime of his half-brother, an un principled scoundrel of the most wicked order. Tho first scene includes a love episode, and the denunciation by his step father. of the noble-hearted man, whoso only faults are that his mother's husband hates him, and that he has not been to college and learnt the fast ways of society. The successive acts disclose a forgery, two at tempted murders, a double escape from prison, involving a leap into tile sea, and the righting of all the wrongs that have been wrought. winning rounds of applause, Mr. A. Rolfo made tho most of the part of Jack Glyndon, the villain, distinguishing himself in soveral of tho scenes. Mr. Brian England was tho Owen Glyndon of the piece, who blindly lavished his love on his own worthless sou, while he despised and wrongfully accused tho stepBon. His acting was very good, particularly in tho Portland prisonyard scene, where he gives Jack to understand that he knows the real state of affairs. Miss Alice May hud. a boy's part as Ned a waif, and she did tho character full credit. Miss Liliio Dampier gavo a careful interpretation of Naomi Blundford, and Miss liatherino Russell made tho most of her rather small part as T ipsy Carrol, while MIbs N. Rayn- ham acquitted herself with entire satisfac tion as Mrs. Glyndon. Mr. A. Harford had most of the funny business to himself as Sihi Lazarus, a long firm swindler, but Scarutn (Mr. H. Leston) helped to vary the monotony of sensation now and again by bis unsophisticated innocence. The minor parts in the piece were well sustained, and tho production appeared to give entire satisfac tion to the fairly largo audience whieh wit nessed it. The mauugenieiic of the- Royal announresthat "AllrorGold; or, £50,000,000 of Money," and llio temperance drama, "Ton Nights in a Bar- room "are in course of preparutiou, oud will be staged in due course. Despite the boisterous weather, the de pression, and all other such drawbacks the Tivoli Theatre keeps well to the front. The spirited proprietor's motto is "Onward," and it must be said that lie continues to arrive there. On Saturday thcro was a complete, change of programme, and some new artists appeared, for whose acquisition the management can-compliment itself. As usual only standing room was available after 8 o'clock. Our host, genial Billy Akarman, was in tho centre as usual, while at the ends scintilatcd George H. Woods, Fred Dark, Alf Lawton and Fred Davys. Tiieso five, almost needless to say, discharged some first-class jokes at an unsuspecting section of tho public. The company opened with "Boots and Saddles," an overture compiled by that all-round gcniuB, Mr. George H. Wood. Mr. Henry Xownley sang " Happy Days of Childhood " feelingly, Miss Lilian Nanbridge rendering " Dear Heart" very sweetly, while Mr. Henry Clay, who made his debut at this theatre, took tho iiouso by storm with " Dear Little Jessie." Mr. Clay ie the pos sessor of a fine tenor voico. Mr. Fred Dark caused u grin on every face with " In the Mcautime," Mr. Alf. Lawton also prov ing most amusing when he sang "M'Nulty's Garden Party." Miss GeorgieDevoe essayed a serio-comic entitled "Just Like You," and showed that she possesses more thuu ordinary talent for this kind of work. Miss Priscilla Verne rendered "A Very Good One " in very good style. George H. Wood made a hit with " Sunny Sydney." Mr. Arthur Farley was in good form, and negotiated "Tho Picture Turned to the .Wall" in artistic fashion. The Sisters Blair contributed a serio-comic duet and Miss Clara Spencer warbled about how " Sister Mary" walked, &c.; "Is Marriage u Failure ?" a descriptive sketch by George H. Wood, wbb cleverly executed. In the interval the orchestra rendered " The March of the Flambeaux " mag nificently. Miss Priscalla Verne scored well with one of tile latest London satires, "Oh Look at the Crinoline." Fred Davys, who inade his first bow to a Tivoli audience, "caught on " with a vengeance. The lady violinist, Katherine Vinceni, next played Scotch selections, and was enthusias tically applauded. The high-kickers were then given an opportunity in "Daddy Wouldn't Buy Me a Bow-wow," an intellectual song and dance, as the title would indicate. Mr. Harry Rickards Bang four numbers in his usual brilliant style, and was vociferously recalled for "You Couldn't Help Liking Him." Miss Gcorgie Devoo was amusing in a song and dauco styled "Simple Maidens." Tho Sisters Blair were recalled for a specialty, and then came Mr. Geo. IT. Wood in his droll illus tration oi "necromancy, black art, metem psychosis, thaumaturgy and occultism," Alf Lawton and Clara Spencer were encored for tho "Dutch Courtship," the programme then being brought to a close with a ghost' farce. The announcement of additional induce ment in the shape of souvenirs had tho effect of bringing about an increased attendance ut Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night, when Mr. Rignold's very clever revival of "It is Nevor Too Late to Mend " was witnessed by a largo and appreciative house. In the eourso of the evening it was announced that the gold watch had been won by Mr. <T. A. Berkeley, of 13 Phillip-street, Alexandria, to whom the handsome prize was handed over. It must be understood that "It is Never Too "Late to Mend " can only be pre sented a few nights longer, as the production of " Right's Right," a play new to Sydnoy, is in active preparation. "The Idler " was presented at the Cri terion to a largo audience on Saturday night, when Huddon Chambers' play was received with flattering indications of ap proval, Only five more performances of "The Idler" can be givun, as " The Guards man " is billed for Saturday. "Human Nature," with its ever-changing spectacle and splendid military scene at the close, was repeated at the Lyceum on Satur day night. The present bill will hold for another five nights, and on Saturday the final week of the season will be commenced with a revival of " The Silver King." Although decidedly unpropitious, tho weather on Saturday did not prevent tho Messrs. Fitzgerald Bros, from having their usual altornoon and evening performance, both of which were largely attended. A heavy gale blew < throughout the day, but the big tent withstood the rather severe test to which it was put. Saturday night's programme was tho same as that presented' at previous performances, the Messrs. Fitz gerald, takiug pleasure in stating that they have found a change of bill unnecessary just yet. The Cyclorama management announce the engagement of Mr. Victor Suazelle, a gen tleman whoso elocutionary performances are very highly spoken of. In future, there fore, visitors to tho Cyeloraina will have their entertainment not a little enhanced by a number of appropriate recitations, which Mr. Suazelle will deliver every after noon and evening. A number of new people will appear at the . Alhambra to-night. Among them ure Queen, Stowe and Morris, ono of the best acrobatic specialty teams over seen here ; Miss Ida Holbein, tho favorite soprano, and Messrs. Nurris and YY'illiams, tho well- knowu skatorial kings. The season at tho Opera House was brought to a termination on Saturday night, and the house is now untenanted. Mr. Alec. Mayne will, on June 17, complete a term of seven yoars' service as general manager to Messrs. Brough and Boucicault. During that period Mr. Mayne's high ability as a man of business and many admirable qualities of character havo rendered him one of tho most popular men that ever held a similar position. A mooting will be held iu the Town Hall, Paddington, next Tuesday night tit 8 o'clock, for tho purpose of forming a draughts club. Alderman Hcllmrich will preside. 