Mtt. MONOUKE D. CONWAY ON «' LIBERTY.' Mb. Moncdbe D. Conway, M.A., leotarlog on Heph 17, at South-place Chapel, on ' Liberty,' said tbe words ' Liberty, Equality, aod Fraternity' bad become a eort of democratic shibboleth. In reality, liberty, equality, and frater nity were very different even essentially. There was legal equality, without which just government could not exist, aud there was a dream of social quality wblcb could not co-exist with liberty. Legal equality woe steadily attained ; bocIuI equality, In the reuse of fraternity, could not exist In a free community. But there wbb a community that was not free — an army In the field. The equality and fraternity Impossible fn peaceful and in dustrial society might be approximated where men were reduced to one and tbe same function, wbere I bey became, as It were, rifles, wore one dress, bad oDe pur pose, and were made comrades by com mon conditions aud dangers. Tbe French revolutionists' dream of equality and fraternity naturally led tbem to tbe bands of a military chieftain — Napoleon Bonaparte. He wss the one man wbo Comprehended the latter forces of the revolution, Btid read in them tbe mean ing of democracy. He paw that It was not a revolution for liberty. 'The people,' he said, 'do not care about liberty; what tbey want is equality. Those wbo care for liberty are a few peculiar person?.' In tbat discovery Bonaparte touched the secret of power over the populace, wbom be organised into a single mass, a unit formed of equal atoms, obedient to bis hand. So be ruled tbe French nation, and his ghost ruled it after he was dead, and was not laid even yet. We must make up our miuds to the facts illustrated by Napo iennism, however unpalatable. Ttie mass of manfcind were little Interested In personal liberty. It was a mistake to sup pose tbat in giving a country selfgovern ment, so called, we were conferring self government upon its Individual citizens. HiB native State of Virginia maintained for eigbty- six years a self government which meant slavery for nearly half its inbabitaute, and a fetler on every mind that would protest against it. Wbat wbb called variously colonial self-government, independence of Slates, Home Rule, might be valuable on other acccounts, but it was misleading to associate tbem wltb buman liberty, unless tbey established constitutions securing liberty from (be tyranny of a majority. And tbe tyranny j of a majority was the worst of all. Tbey might deal with an individual tyrant, but not with a tyrant majority ruling by patriotio sanction. All national inde pendence carried the power to take away personal Independence; self-government la a State meant Government of each person by tbe reef ; and real human liberty, that which man enjoyed as a J»an, was slowly and only measurably gained by charters, bills of rights, and other defences against tbe dppolism of Classes or of majorities. John Stuart Mill was a trae friend of tbe people because be told tbem tbe trutb. He recognised tbelr infirmity, their tendency to coerce individuals, and lie predicted an increase of government invasion of libarty as tbe people acquired more possession of the government. Now he (Mr. Conway) did not bring this as a reproach against tbe common people. Unhappily, tbe larger proportion of tbem. Iu oar over-populated England, were commanded by a power stronger than Bonaparte— by necessity. Tbey were organised into an army fight ing for life, pbysioal life ; tbe freedom tbey struggled for was tbe freedom from want for themselves and tbelr families. Every man struggled for bis own free dom ; be conld not take to heart an op pression be never felt. Wbat liberty was denied lo tbe ignorant masses of this country? Tbey were forbidden to gamble in public places, wbloh tbey had not tbe means to do ; tbey must not open work shops or theatres on Sunday, wbicb tbey could not do. Tbey must not mBrry tbelr deceased wife's sister, wbicb they did not want to do. Where did tbey feel tbe pinob of oppression ? Simply ia low wages or oo wages, and in tbe restraint wbicb prevented tbem on strike from deailcg with tbe situation on military pr- nciples. Tbe strikers wbo tried tn pre vent by force labourers from working in tbelr vacated places regarded those men from tbe revolutionary point of view, just as wt should all think of any countrymen who should help a nation wltb wblcb we were at war. Was it to be eu'opoaed tbat people so enslaved by physical necessities could study and appreciate tbe problems of in tellectual, religious, etMcal liberty, affect ing persons and things totally unrelated to tbem ? Aod wben we paBBPd lo people free from physical want, but wbo by hereditary Ignorance or fear were subject to superstition, wbo felt tbat their eoulfi and others' touts were dependant ou be lief In certain dogmas, tbat tbe world would be wrecked by the failure of Chris tianity— tbey, tun, were fighting for tbelr own notion of freedom wben tbey Im posed tbelr creed on tbe schools or cloBed museums on Sunday, Tbey, too, were an army, sating on militant principles, and bad no interest In tbe nice questions of religious liberty. They bad all tbe liberty of tbat klud wblob they wanted. Society cotild never outgrow tho ancient issue between liberty and authority. But authority, serpent-like, slipped from shin to skin, and liberty was prone to suppose tbat because one olfl form of authority bud gone tbe thing Itself bad gone. He bad friends In America who denounced aristocracy of birth but voted for tbo aristocracy of dollars, who robbed tbem wltb tBrlffa to swell the coffers of a class. He bad some freetblnhiug friends bere and tbere wbo were still raging against an extloot JeBUitlom, notdlicovoringtbut tbe veuotnous i blng had now slipped into a Protestant eklu. Truly, 'eternal vigi lance Is tbe price of liberty,' because arbitrary authority was eternal. A funda mental faot I bat we could sen and our freetblnHng fathers could not see was Ibis: (bat all uaoral or social progress was dependent on tbe freedom lo develop difference*. That was what tbe gre.at discovery of Darwin lauebt us. It was true tbat lo moral evolution tbere w m mob a thing at rever sion ; in tbe exerolse of freedom we in curred tbe risk of deollne. And this might be a very serious consideration If we bad asocial condition so satisfactory as to oaute alarm at any obange. Bat we bad no suob condition. The majority of people under so-called civilisation were uuhappy. In the commercial world tbere seemed to be u declluu of morality owing to Immunities given by law to fraud, Iu freeing directors and trustees from liability. Tbe virtuous low pouuoed upon boys wbo played pitch and toss wltb tbelr own pennies; but If tbey grew to be men, and gambled wltb other people's money, and ruined families ou a large and Imposing scale, tbey were pretty safe. Wblle lie believed '.bat thereoucht to be less legal restraint Iu tbe moral direction, aud condemned die laws for tbe suppression of Immoral literature on tbegrouud that it was unwise lo tamper Witb tbe foundations of your house to catch a few rats, he thought there ought to be more legal restraint in tbe criminal direction. Tbe freedom of ignorance and vloe to diffuse disease should be more restrained. Tbe law should prohibit tbe free manufacture and sale not only of poisons but of weapons made solely In kill men, such as pistols. The law should bold tbe property of every man liablo for losses Incurred under any company or enterprise to which be gives bis name. Even for Bpcecb that might incite tbe law should hold men liable. 