BUDDHISM IN CEYLON. Br W. ROBY FLETCHER, M. A. No 4. THE SACRED BO-TREE. In my last paper I introduced my readers to the ruins of the great city of Anuradhapura, and gave some account ot the Brazen Palaoe, wbich is now represented by nothing save a number of ugly uncarved granite pillars. As we came out of the forest of columns we saw a small party of pilgrims coming along the sacred way. They were bringing offerings of flowers for Buddha. Putting their hands together, palm to palm, over their heads, and bowing low towards a cluster of trees near by, they uttered their sacred greeting, "Sadhu, Sadhu, Sadhu." We, too, followed them. Before us was a stone enclosure filled with eome noble trees, which in eome oases seemed to be tearing the wail to pieces with their contorted roots. A flight of steps lead up to the enclosed grove. At the foot of it is a sort of semicircular stone door mat, called a "moonstone." There are many of these scattered about the city, but this is an especially fine one. It iB formed of carved streams of mystical creatures going round from right to left. The outer.border shows a procession of elephants, lions, horses, and bulls; inside them is a string of lotus flowers;and inside them again a solemn row of sacred geese; while in the innermost circle of all is again a lotus flower. Everything on this stone mat has its hidden meanings to the initiated, but with these I will not trouble my readers. On each side of the stairs is a hideous figure, representing the guardians of the shrine; but we resist any inclination to be afraid of the carven monsters, and ascend the steps. Entering the grove we note a large stone image of the Sitting Buddha on our right hand, and a number of other imageB, but all with a tattered look about them and bearing many wounds. The trees of tbe grove are magnificent specimens of the sacred fig (" Ficus religiosa") with a number of palms singled with them. One of these fig- treesmeasures 10 ft, in diameter at G ft. from the ground, and this trunk has grown completely round a palmyra-tree without injuring it, producing a most curious effect. The grove contains a second and higher platform of masonry, up to which we ascended by another stairway, 'and on that is a third surrounded by an iio'a railing. In the centre of this highest tier is the sacred tree itself, much smaller and less imposing than its gigantic daughters. Its branches extend far over the railing and seem tottering with age and worn out by incessant homage. Its leaves, as is their wont, were incessantly quivering, but no one ever dares to pluck one. This ceaseless movement, say the faithful, is due to its sympathy with the Great Buddha, who under the parent tree at Gaya, in India, fought out his bitter struggle and gained the victory over the world, the flesh, and all the devils that assailed him. I wanted much to plnck a leaf but the yellow-robed guardians would not hear of such a sacrilege, and for a time I had to content myself with picking up, like other pilgrims, one or two that had fallen. I confess, however, that I was not restrained, in a short moment when the guardians were busy with the pilgrims, committing the awful crime of stealing two leaves and dipping them into my pocket. I noticed how one part of tbe railing was quite broken away, and found out the reason from a photograph (hat I had in my guidebook. A long branch had for many years Bhown signs of weakness, and, like an | old man, it had been tenderly supported by a prop, but a strong monsoon gale had torn it from the parent trunk, and in its fall it had broken the railing. As we stood there watching we saw three pilgrims with reverend care putting lotuB flowerson each spearhead of the rail, and when that was done they took a "chatty"and poured out a libation of milk over one of the branches. We noticed that various parts of the principal arm of the tree were gilded with tattered gold leaf, and a few faded garlands adorned its aged nakedness. It was a strange sight to witness this modern remnant of the worship of a sacred grove or " Asherah," to which there is such frequent reference in the Scriptures, and it was interesting indeed to picture the thousands of pilgrims who have kept on doing homage to this tree for the past twentyone centuries. Around in the enclosnre were cartloads of broken lamps, brought hither for midnight worship by the faithful, and numerous fragments of broken begging-bowls left by the monks. The whole place looks venerable, , battered, and weirdy but the religious feeling that deems it sacred iB by no means dead. As a Btrange contrast to thesolemn impression of the scene and the calm earnestness of the monks, we saw a troop of monkeys making merry among the other trees of the enclosure, ani looking with greedy envious eyes upon two chatties full of boiled rice wbich two womea came to offer to the sacred tree. Doubtless they were not so awed with the Banotityof the place as to restrain themselves from gathering up the fragments, on the first chance, that nothing might be left. My friend and I walked all round all the enclosures. In a Buddhist sanctuary there is no restriction, and no grudging of the intrusion of strangers. The monkeys and the paaoocks watched us carefully and with more suspicion than the yellow- robed devotees, and could not understand our movements as we measured the various trees and took note of the many ruined oolumns that lay about. All these trees are more or less sacred, but no impediment was placed in our way if we wanted to pluck any of the leaves, though the worshippers themselves would not do such a thing. My friend told me that all the tress of this species everywhere are deemed somewhat sacred. A Bo-tree waa planted about twenty years ago in the Wesleyan Mission Compound at Galle. This oooasioned muoh remark among the islanders, who could not understand it, and whose comment- waa— " Even the missionaries must have a Bo-tree in their garden." It grew apace, and one intrusive bough overhung a tennis oourt in such a way as to make the missionaries wishful to get rid of it. No Cingalese man would, however, undertake the work of cutting it off. Usually the mildest of servants, they were obstinate in their refusal, A Tamil man from India had to be got to do the work. The wounded bough naturally oozed muoh sap. "See how Buddha bleeds," said the onlookers. THE STORY OF THE SACKED TREE. "What is the true story of this tree?" This was the question I asked of my friend as we sat down under the shade of that curious grove. " There is no doubt," said he, " that this tree was brought as a sapling from the tree that orce grew at Buddha Gaya, near Patna, in India. The records are most clear and consistent. No tree in the world has such a long and such a genuine history. It was brought from India by the Prinoess Sanghamitta, the sister of the royal missionary Mahiudo, in the year 245 B.a, and seems to have taken kindly to the land of its banishment. The parent tree in India has disappeared of late years, and BO this tree remainB without a rival as tbe mostfamouB and the moBt venerated in all the world. There is another very old Bo-tree at Kandy which was a branch of this one, end is held in almost as much respect as this; but as it is only the granddaughter and this is the daughter of Buddha's Bo-tree, its reputation does but enhance that of this tree. I have Bince then searched into the history of this tree in the obscure pages of theMahawanso, and from that record I will set down, partly in my own words, and Dirtly in the words of th9 historian, this wonderful story. I do not either ask or expect my readers to believe all that I tell them out of Chapter xviii. of that ancient chronicle, although it is entitled with due emphasis "The obtaining of the great Bodhi branch, composed equally for the delight and the affliction of righteous men." HOW A DIFFICULT QUESTION WAS SOLVED. It was in the time of the famous King Tissa that all this came about. He reigned during the time that the royal missionary Mahindo was at work preaching and teaching and converting the land to the religion of Buddha. He had a sister, a very holy lady, who resided at Gaya in India, and he persuaded the king t' send an ambassador to the Rajah of that country, asking that the lady should come to ^ help on the good work, and that she should bring with her, as a blessed favour, a branch of the original Bo-tree. I omit the story of how thispuzzling and flatteringmessage was received and debated, and how the lady expressed her willingness to become a missionary if the request was granted. Tbe great difficulty was bow to get such a branch. Who would dare to cut it off? Who would venture to make Buddha bleed in his own land ? " It is not meet,''said the Rajah, "to lop it with any weapon; how then can I obtain a branch thereof?" A great assembly of priests said it ought to be done, and as " ouf.ht" is the measure of " can be" preparations were made for tbe ceremony. All the highways to the temple were swept and deoorated with banners. The king himself turned goldsmith, and out of a mass of the precious metal prooeeded with his own hand to fashion a suitable golden flower-pot as big as a washtub, for it measured 4 ft. in diameter. This mighty acd ponderous vessel was brought ready; a vast ooncourse of soldiers, citizen?, and priests, and even kings, assembled; the tree " was decked with rows of streaming banners, was glittering with gems, and laden with offerings of flowers of every hue, and surrounded by the sound of every description of music." Everything was ready except che axe and the saw, wbioh seemed to have been thought quite unnecessary, as indeed was the case, for "as they stood gazing thereon _ with uplifted clasped hands, lo tbe small twigs that were on the right-hand bough suddenly disappeared, leaving tbe stem bare." Here was a miracle indeed. The King was BO overjoyed that he cried out " I make an offering of my entire empire to the great Bo-tree." I suppose he, like many others, did nob intend his words to be taken eerioutly, for I do not read that he resigned his throne. However, the golden flower-pot was brought right under the bough. He then took, not a knifo, or a pruning-hook, or anything so sensible and practical, but a golden paintbrush, which he dipped in vermilion and marked a crimson etreak round the bough, and exclaimed, " If this supreme right Bo branch from this Bo-tree is destined to depart hence to the land of Lanka let it, selfsevered, instantly transplant itself into the golden vase." What else could the branch do but obey? It immediately performed for itself a fission and lay upon the rim of the flower-pot, which was filled with scented earth. It did not at once plant itself, but the King was quite equal to the emergency, for again taking his golden paintbrush and his pot of vermilion he traced nine streaks aroucd the severed stem three inches apart. From one of these streaks sprouted three tap roots, and from each of the others ten smaller roots, all of which descended into the scented soil of the vase. Here was a wonder indeed! Who could be a sceptic after that? Who would not second the missionary zeal of the Princess after that? No wonder we read that the King " stood on his golden chair and set up a shout, which was echoed by th6 surrounding spectatorsno wonder that the priests rent tbe air with their cheers and that all the heavens beard the cry, " Sadhu! Sadhu!" and that the yakkahs of the infernal regions grievously yelled. THE VOYAGE AND ABSIYAL OF THE THEE. Many and fantastic were the adventures of the Bo-tree in its migration. It was carried up into the blue Bky for a trip. It was then placed upon a grand chariot and brought to the capitaL It was embarked on a gorgeous barpe, on which were also placed sixteen vases of gold and silver with which to water it, and thus was floateddown the Ganges. In immediate and happy attendance upon it were the missionary Princess and her eleven priestesses. When the ocean was reached another vessel was ready, and eighteen royal personages and eighteen nobles and sundry others, with the Kajah in their midst, bore it aloft, and waded in up to their necks, and then most carefully deposited it in the vessel, whereupon the King, "the delighter in good,"stood in his dripping garments on the shore "with uplifted hands, and gazing on the departing Bo-branch, ehed tears in tbe bitterness of his grief, and weeping and lamenting in loud sobs departed for his own capital. Then the voyage commenced. All stormB were bushed, and no one Buffered from the ocean swell, for " within the circle of a yogana all the waves were quieted, while an invisible choir in the air chanted sweetest melodies and scattered perfumes." It was not to be expected that the devilish nagas would let all this go on without their interference, but the holy Princess Sanghamitta not only kept them off, bnt converted them to the true faith. The voyage was pleasant, rapid, and prosperous, and as the ship drew near to the palm-girt island of Lanka, the pious King Tissa was on the shore waiting for its reception. Then we read that thegreat Prophet Mahindo and the enthusiastic King and many others began a chant, which ran, "This is the Bo from the Botree at which Buddha attained Buddhahood," and as they rushed into the waters took the tree in its golden flower-poton their heads, oarriedit on to the beach, ana " deposited it in the But hall which had been built on the shore. The King himself, surrendering his sovereign authority as the other King had , J i l l i t 3 J — ~ . — 1 done, to the tree, mounted guard as a sentinel, and waited thus at the gate for three entire days in the discharge of this sacred duty. HOW IT WAS PLANTED. Other adventures followed ere the tree rested in tbe grove where I saw it. Along a sew highway, " sprinkled with white sand and lined with banners and garlands of flowers," the tree waB brought in " a superb car" through the villages that lay in the route and entered the city of Anuradhapura by the northern gate. It was then brought to the nrepated grove of palms and pipuls, and was lifted by royal and priestly bands out of the car. Then, says the chronicler (but this fact is, I admit, open to question), " springing 80 cubits up into the air, self-poised ana resplendent, it cast forth a halo of rayB of six colours," and there it remained all the day till the sun was near its setting. As the shadows grew longer tbe tree and its golden vase came down, and " thereupon the earth did quake." The roots became excited, and climbing up downwards to the*eart1i) and not only 'fixed themselves there, but forced down the vase itself deep into the ground, and there ft remains to this day; and as that vase waa as thick as an elephant's trunk, and as big as a wine vat, a valuable • gold •• mine • must lie Hidden beneath that tree, awaiting some sacreligious speculators to get up a Company to dig for it. When the tree was thus self-planted it needed watering. This time this prooess muBt be the work of the spirits of Heaven. Heavy rain came down, and " dense cool clouds enveloped the great Bo-tree in their snowy womb." For seven days the tree was invisible, and when the clouds lifted the tree was seen in all its beauty with a halo of six coloured rays. We read in the Book of Revelation how, in the idealized picture of the new earth, there wais a grove whoso trees bare twelve manner of fruits, and whose leaves were for the healing of the nations. The same idea is to be found in the old chronicle, for we read how the Bo-tree let fall a ripened fruit which the King picked up and planted^ and "while they were gazing at it eight sprouting shoots were produced and became vigorous plants, each one 4 cubits nigh.' These young tress were distributed to various centres in the island, and one of them was taken to Kandy. Erewhile they eaoh bore = four fruits, which planted themselves through- ! out the land "by virtue of the glory of Buddha ' inherent in the Bodhi-tree, and for tbespiri- , tual happiness of the people of the country," TREE AND SERPENT WOBSHXT. Such is the history of this famous old tree in which wild legend is commingled with precise faot, and which, whatever else we may say of it, is radiant with a simple but sincere faith in the truth of the religion of Buddha. In worship ^ ping the unknown under the symbol of a tree Buddhism is not peculiar. Such worship is mentioned again and again in the Old Testament. It is presented frequently on the sculptures from Nineveh. It was observed by our Druidical forefathers in Britain, and it ie everywhere manifested in India, where sacred trees can be counted by thousands. It is generally associated with some sort of serpent worship, and reminds UB, though it is difficult to trace the connection, of the tree of life, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, wbicb grew near together in the thornless Garden of Eden, and which garden was a paradise of innocent joy until the subtle serpent invaded it and palmed itself off as a would-be sage. By the time my friend and I had made the acq uaintance' of the sacred Bo-tree the sun had assumed such a mastery tbat we deemed it wise to retreat to the grateful shade cf the resthouse. Our tramp amid the ruins made us well able to appreciate a bath, and after that our "burra hazri," or proper breakfast, tc which we sat down about 11 o'clock. BUINS. We had seen just enough to whet our appe tite for more rums. We found from our piar that the principal remainB of this old city may be reached by two circular tracks—the inner one about two miles in length, and the outer one about three times as long. The rest of the jungle, which covers the site of the city for six miles in every direction, has not yet been explored. It is not likely that any very large rums will be unearthed, for the bouees of tbe people were built of temporary material, and have been washed down by the rains and torn by the roots of trees, but still there is no doubt that a rich harvest awaits the explorer, for this city originally boasted of hundreds of palaces, and even more numerous monasteries. Daring th° afternoon the Government Archaeologist (Mr Bell) drove up in his bullock-bandv, and he offered to take us out for our afternoon excursion. We gladly accepted his invitation, and meanwhile waited in pleasant arcbeeological discussion the _ comparative coolness of approaching evening. A SITTING BUDDHA. I will not attempt to give anything like a detailed description of what we saw on that interesting drive. Our guide knew every stone in the jungle, and every few yards made his bandy stop and showed us innumerable curiosities that we should never have Buspeoted to be there—enormous baths, the foundations of royal homes, stones carved with seven-headed snakes, altars for flowers, stables for elephants, ruins of monasteries, sitting statues of Buddha, and innumerable dagobas. It did indeed seem strange to find amid the densest jungle, again and again, an enormous granite Buddha sitting alone in the wilderness, contemplating nothing, unmoved by thedrenohing monsoons, or the revolutions of empires. On one occasion we got our driver to squat by the image in the same attitude as Buddha, so that we might compare the two, and Mr. Bell told him to look straight before him at nothing, so that his face might have some trace of the dreamy serenity of the original. The effort at obtaining the proper expression was not, however, very successful. We passed along the edge of tbe great tint or reservoir of Tissa- wewa, constructed 300 B.O., whioh in its turn is fed from other waterworks higher up in the hills. Those anoieot Kings of Anuradhapura were splendid hydraulic engineers. The city was the outcome of their skill in this direction, and now that a paternal Government is reconstructing those great dams and channels there is an reason why the city should not rise from the dead and grow and beoome famous onoe mora. We paced the edge of that vast artificial Ilka lost m admiration at tbe skill of the arohiteot of it. It looked tempting for a swim, bat ws saw here, there, everywhere amid the shallow* at the edge, and among the reeds, theBuspioiow snouts of a school of crocodiles, and we lost all wish for a bath when we learned what oom- , any we should meet in the waters. When " Sealing with suihlike creatures in their native haunts, tbe better part of valour is discretion.. A SACRED PABIU Finally we found ourselves in the midst of a beautiful grassy park, surrounded with the choicest ruins. This seems to bave. been m kind of holy forum in the ancient city. Hen we dismissed our bandy, as the sun was nearly. setting, and walked around. At eaoh end of a : green sward some half-mile in length was m dagoba. The one to the north is small, bnt is a mode! of graoe; the other to tbe south is very much larger and very rich in bistorio memorials. The names of these dagobas sound to us unoouth, but they have a music of than own which is very sweet to the devow* Buddhist. The one monument is called Thuparama, the other Ruanwelli. ' The former is the oldest building in Ceylon, and older than any in India, and is one of the bestpreserved.. It was built by King Dewananpia Tissa in (ike year 307 B.C., and its purpose waa to enshrioa and preserve the collar-bone of Buddha himtetf, .. which, somehow or other, together with ths tooth, escaped being burned when the holy - prophet was cremated. This collar-bone wu brought in great state to Ceylon, and kheKmgj it is said, put it on the baok of the huge State' elephant. The elephant was overjoyed witfc the honour, and carried the relic to the sit>ei«E - that dagoba, and there he stood. llieSiqg; 4 wanted to take the relic down, but -'th* elephant would not think of such a thing. "What means this?" said the King. The answer was that the elephant, knowing how " high his back was, and that the high seat was the seat of honour, would not allow tbe saorOd thing to be brought low. The elephant understood all that was said, and looked bis approval. . He stood stock still while tbe Kings mea brought a great many baskets of mud irom tli6 tank, and made therewith a conical mound which was a little higher than thebtfic of the wise animal. The relic was then quietly . removed to'the top of that'spire of mud, andthQ elephant, and the King, and all thepeoplemade.-^ obeisance to the wonderful charm. Aiositf '' that mound the dagoba of Thuparama was sabsequently built, completely burying and- - hiding the sacred treasure, and there ! pose it remains to this day. sup- THE BOANWELLI DAGOBA. The other dagoba, called " Ruanwelli," or . "Golden Dust," is much more imposing. Ik is about as high as the Fost-Offioe town:, and has a diameter of nearly 400 ft., so that the entire Post-Office might be buried inside it. It was surrounded by a long regiment of great stone elephants with real ivory tusks, but -the • elephants are sadly mutilated, and their tusks have been stolen away long ago. This graat dagoba is now being restored by the pious ooa- . tribations of the pilgrimBwho oouie to visit the shrines which are around it. Ity too, has.. its romantics legends, whioh tell how onoe on a time a certain able and chivalrous usurper named Slala sat on the throne: how the native and proper royal family tried m vain id unseat the usurper; how at last the matter waa decided, not by a pitched battle, bnt by Homeric dud between the chieftains ; how ths King, mounted on his. elephant, charged. the usurper mounted on another elephant; bow each warrior hurled his spear at his foe, and how Elala fell and Dutugaimunu reigned in ' peace. So great was the King's admiration of < bis brave antagonist that he ereoted a magni- • ficent tomb on the spot where he fell, and commenced this great dagoba as a monumenfc /of i f the (TIA^rtM, victory—B.C. D n 161. lill We stood between those two venerable dagobas as the sun went down behind tbe trees. Around us were rains without number, each with its legendary background of to give it a living interest,. and each a puzzle to the antiquarian. It seemed as though we were encompassed about with ghosts of far-gooe ages whioh took form in the bats that wheeling overhead. A sound of tomtoms the village reminded us that the'time of offering the evening sacrifices of flowershad odine, and that the faith in Buddha, which had-inspired the builders of these structures,-waataofc' dead yet. The lights of a am all tw&ntt; pilgrims going the circuit of the ^atote twinkled against the shrubbery. Weeet w on our walk home to the resthouse, musing on the strange mysteries of this religion of despair^ whioh, in spite of its awful negations, hu BO much charm for these people. To as it is incomprehensible that such a religion should have any attraction at alL It presents to m doubtless a tender morality, but it is baaed oo the denial of pleasure. It oners as a reward for virtue not the expansion, but the «tecna| shrivelment of our energy. It opens mp -« rest in Nirvina in whiob —*" ""joy that rest. It practically deoifaa;* God, and oners instead a human prophet wbo k is wrapped in an everlasting deep and bail conquered his desire to be anything oqtt-f cei vable. It takes no form as payer, and w j makes muoh of magical incantations. In all ^ those .things it is the diieot opposite ;<JC4 Christianity, whioh comes as n flliil nrtwiaftfi 1 , from a living God, through a living Ohriafi;' and offers us righteousness in our rin,pBaoeSpki cur troubles, and eternal joy in God as ) immortalitv of blessedness. I do not hedtal to say of Buddhism that it is the purart.;ot' non-Scriptural religions, bat the religion «&. Jesus is as sunlight contrasted with moQttligtdi when named in comparison therewith. '- ~ ' 