THE "TIMES NEWSPAPER INSIDE FEINTING HOUSE SQUARE. Tiikuu is a very interesting article by Air. Edmuncl Vincent in the Enqltsh Illustrated Maqazinc for September, from which we are very glad to bo ablo to take the following quotations. " . Mr. Vincent says Accompany me then, at six in the evening lo the door in Printing. Ifousc Square.. Remain without m the flesh, : bub let your disembodied spirit pass through. the folding- doors; tho men behind tlie railings on the l ight will not notice your ghost, but you may notice that they sit at the receipt of telegrams and of envelopes, and that no man bearing the printed envelope of the paper goes away unrewarded. \ ou will notice, too, that the night, printers arc dropping in 0110 after another, for t.he groat engine is awaking out of her half-sleep of the day. Til K CO.Mi'OSlMt ROOM- Glide unsubstantially lo tho right 'and you shall pass through a lofty room, a wilderness » iron tables and type, lo the foot of a spiral staircase of iron, ascending ... T — It 1 ..r »iiit;il yuu IJL'UIIIIU ilUillU.UI «l waLUi smell of oil and <>1 a rattling crashing sound from a composing room. Look down its length, and the impres-ion produced on the eye is rln.t of an endless series of frames, hybrids between a "Venolian blind and an AEoIian harp, each attended by its satellites who u oik under a strong light concentrated'' upon the work. Lleforo oaoh man lies his slip of " copy " ; legible or illogiblo, lie must make the best of il : some set by hand, others by machine, plavcd upon with kevs like a piano, capable of setting nearly 300 lines an hour, whereas fifty lines is the limit of the best hand labour. Be content with a glance here- Know that each man has Ins work allotted to him by the head-printer, that many, of the grow- to an honourable old ago, that all receive pay at intes higher than those earned by any men of Lheir class in London, and that there is not a Trades Unionist, among them. the editor's corridor. Pass through a green- baize door into a long corridor, remembering that even to the spirits tho room of the editor of tho Times remains closed, and that you are 111 another man's houso investigating the pcnc- wii'ui 1. 1 ius ijosiiiess. e/uuer ruuius ill 1.111s corridor arc those which used lo be occupied by Mr. Macdonald, and occupied now by Mr. Godfrey Waltor, and the drawing-room in winch visitors arc received, over the mantel-piece of which hung, until the other day, a portrait of somebody in antidiluvian lack- boots, whom 1 always assumed, -without any .-justification, to be Grabb Robinson. Thcrc.are three writing-rooms 011 this floor, each having a good desk and good chairs, a supply of pale blue slips of paper, and a strong electric reading-lamp. There is also number 7, the room 111 which an army of sub-editors spend laborious nights over oceans of manuscript, much of which, to the infinite annoyance of everybody concerned, is faintly pencilled 011 lo greased paper and called " flimsy.-' In spite of the monotony of their work, the sub-editors of the Times as a body nro tho cheeriest and the most helpful men 111 tho world, nor do they think it absolutely a matter of conscience to deprive an article ol all point and all epigram. the kei'oiiteks at home and ajiroad. Upstairs, on another corridor, nro tho reporters' room, the leader- writers' rooms, the foreign room. The leader-writers are wreathed in mystery. I cannot say who they are, how much they earn, how they do their work, how many of them there arc, for tho maxim of the Times office is that of the sage, with variations, " Gall no man a leader-writer until he is dead." Tho name of tho reporters is legiou. The foreign room is ono of the busiest in the house. The wires from the Continent click without ceasintr : tho messages which come renuiio the full attention of four trained men under a chief. It is a mistake, by tiie way, to cull this gentleman, accomplished and distin guished as ho is, an editor. Tho Times has but one editor, and in his department he is absolute and supremo. AVc arc now in a position to give a rough sketch of the means concerned in producing, choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appears in the Times. tue s1ex who. make tub "times." They are the editor, an assistant editor, foreign director, and tho so-called City editor, though here again the word " editor " is to my mind misapplied. There are a; leader-writers, there are six or seven sub editors, and midway between them and the printers are tho readers. There are also a: special correspondents, y reporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and s semi- attached reporters. I11 the United Kingdom there is a local correspondent of every town of importance; in every country in the world, almost, is an accomplished gentleman entitled to call himself " our own corres pondent." Of these M. de Blowitz is the typo and- the ideal. Even now I have omitted! tho. full staff! of reporters! in the House of Commons, who enable the Times lo give practically the only complete report of debates published daily in England, and the law reporters, barristers all, including men appointed to each circuit, at the head of whom is tho most indefatigable and the most humorous of men, the favourite of Bench and Bar, who has always a kindly word for a struggling junior and a- merry .IIIUIUUIU 1UI L.m,j.uroi nauii. Still there remain the multitudinous reviewers, tho dramatic critic, the musical critic, the art critic, the gentleman who makes the turf his study, the yachtsman, the rowing critic, the observer of cricket.- The names of gentlemen of this class are indeed legion, they are as numerous as the pursuits of men. Tho management of this great organisa tion is conducted by Mr. Arthur E. Walter, with tho invaluable assistance of Mr." Moborly Bell. The printing department is in the hands of Mr. Godfrey. Walter. All tho Walter presses have boon made in tho engineering room ut- the' basement of 1'rinting Ifouso Square.: Here, loo,is the type foundry, for at the Times Office a large proportion of.typo is molted up and re-cast. Finally the. composing, machines, Kastcu- bcin's, willi so many improvements IhatThe original idea is almost beyond recognition, have received much attention with excellent results. At 0110 time it was customary to connect tho operators at somo of these machines by telephone with persons dictat ing from the House of Commons, hut the practice has been practically discontinued; partly becauso the Houso of Commons has becomo an "early to bed" institution, partly becauso- the strain 011 t.he operator was found to ho almost intolerable. . - It is well known that carbon segregates from meteoric iron' in tho form of fine grained graphite, and crystals of graphite resembling diamonds have been found in meteorites such as those of Yoimgdegiii and the Nowo Urci. Diamonds are also found to occur in old volcanic vents, such as the lvimberlcy mines of South Africa, which are filled with decomposed intrusive material thrown up from great depths. Professor Carvill Lewis supposed these diamonds to havo been formed by the action of the intrusivo material ou the carboniferous shales found there, and predicted that diamonds would be found in meteorites ; but no diamonds have yet been found in the Greenland iron-beds, where a similar action has taken place. Professor O. W. Hunting ton recently expressed the opinion — which, indeed, had already been formed by M. Daubreo— that, since the earth is apparently a mass of meteorites covered with a crust, there ought to be abundance of diamonds at great depths. The classic simplicity of M. Kenan's French prose, together with the love he ever dis played for the discussion of spiritual problems and the analysis of the religious sentiment, naturally suggests a comparison with both tho matter and the manner of the late Matthew Arnold. 1 he affinity between the two is, indeed, very remarkable. 