THE RESIGNATION OF THE GOVERNOR. AN INTERVIEW WITH HIS EXCELLENCY. We learn that it is contemplated by the Governor and Lady Jersey to sail for England about 4th March, and to proceed home via the Northern route, which will take in Japan, Vancouver Island, and America. Lord Jersey's children will be passengers to England by the R.M.S. Ophir, which will sail on Monday, 27th February. In a conversation which a representative of the A M. Herald had with Lord Jersey yesterday, his Excellency said that both he and Lady Jersey were very sorry to have to leave the colony. They were both most grateful to the people of this colony for the many kindnesses and hospitalities extended to them. The treatment which both he and his wife, as well as his family, had received had been most generous in every quarter. The people had always tried to take the best view of them. Of course he know that the demonstrative welcomes extended to him on his arrival in Sydney and in the various country centres were not solely in his honour, but were in recognition of the position he occupied as the representative of her Majesty the Queen. Those demonstra- tions were exceedingly gratifying as an evidence of loyalty to the sentiment which kept the British Empire together. As to the cause of his resignation, that he had already explained to the Moss Vale correspondent for the Sydney Morning Herald. He had nothing to add in that regard. It was quite erroneous to suppose that there had been any hitch between himself and his advisors. On the contrary, their relations had been such that no gentlemen could ha. J worked more smoothly than they had done. Ministers had done everything in their power to make his position easy and satisfactory. There had not been any question at all between him and his advisers. H he might use the term there was not even the ghost of a foundation for such a supposition. He did not think it was possible for any body of men to have worked more harmoniously than he and the Ministry had done. There was not the slightest reason for supposing that he was leaving because of anything that had occurred in New South Wales. It was absolutely necessary for him to appoint a man to act as his agent in relation to his Welsh property. He could not appoint such an agent as he required by deputy. He could not choose a man by letter. He must see the man who was to fulfil such an important position as that of his agent. To the suggestion that the present might be a favourable opportunity for Lord Jersey to give expression to the opinions he had formed relative to the colony, his Excellency said that he had already had so many opportunities for doing that which he had embraced and consequently there was very little that was not already known by the people to be said on that point. It was well known that he did not agree with the strong criticisms passed by several writers relative to the Australian colonies. Speaking generally he did not think they were deserved. It was easy enough to cavil with this or that-to pick out the les here and there, but to be fair the critic must look at the colonies from a broader point of view. He had every reason to speak well of the public men of this colony. Asked whether the experience he had had of the colony was in harmony With any opinion he had formed . prior to coming here, Lord Jersey said that he come with no preconceived opinions. There was no doubt whatever that he should speak with satisfaction generally of what he had seen since he had been out here. It was not to be supposed that he could agree with everything that had transpired and with every view that was presented to him. But, speaking generally, he was satisfied with what he had seen since he had been out here. The colony must have before it a great future. He did not think that in any sense the colony could be called developed. The process of development must go on in other channels. Apparently the development of the colony at one moment went a little bit too fast, and now had come the inevitable reaction. But it was not retrogression. It was a mere steadying of the pace. And perhaps " steady and sure " would be the best motto for the future. It is understood that the letter addressed by his Excellency the Earl of Jersey to the Premier, and to which reference was made by Sir George Dibbs when questioned respecting the cause of his Excellency's resignation, refers in the kindest terms to the friendship existing between Lord Jersey and Sir George Dibbs, and expresses a hope that the friendship may not be severed by the writer's departure for England. It is now generally believed in well- informed circles that his Excellency contemplated an early return to England when the arrangements were made for Lord Villiers's visit to Australia, and that the return has been hastened by Lady Jersey's indifferent health. We understand that his Excellency had an interview with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly (Sir Joseph Abbott yesterday, during which he expressed sincere sorrow that he was leaving New South Wales. His Excellency occupied the president's chair at yesterday's sitting of the Executive Council, and in the course of an address spoke of his reasons for retiring, and expressed himself as more than pleased with the excellent understanding and unity which had all along characterised his relations with Ministers. Lord Jersey has shown confidence in the colony and its institutions by effecting an insurance of £10,000 on the life of his eldest son and an insurance of £2000 upon the life of each of his daughters with the Australian Mutual Provident Society. 