OUR i MELBOURNE LADIES' ,,'",;' ' , LETTER. " i ... , -r-- The holidays are rapidly ,pns«lno[ away, all too fast indeed for Um i who . only net a fortnight or three or, Ks' leave of welcome from business ont c a year. The majority of persons try to make the most of the time at their di pent, but from want of knowing just 'how to spend their precious hard earned holiday to the best advantage a very large number fall to obtain anything like the threat pleasure they had been looking forward to. Holidays like everything; else are frequently a failure and, like all other failures, have to be finds the best of-nutl happy are they who can cheerfully put away all feelings of those pointed out and look brightly foiw.trtl]to some other good time coining. The shifting of the war at a time in some respects totally different to any other festive season. Carpet music is essentially a time of rejoicing, and itltlitiuith the season may possess for wine iv iniuf>]in«î of sad reminiscences, it is with the departure of the old year and the arrival of the new year that our minds insist upon going back over the old grounds, raising the ghosts of don tried days, and living the pastels again. The years they come, they pass away With may a changing scene ; joyous and sad, and grave and say, , I ' The flitting yours have been. I Had we but known, had we only known, In the days that frightened so I But we know not, and the time has gone, And the seasons come and go. j We'll gird us well for the coming time, ' And with hearts still strong and true, i Wo'H slug brave words to the action by mc, For the old year and the now. ' New Year's Eve is, with the exception of Christmas Eve, the best time to see the city of Melbourne. On Saturday night (the streets were brilliantly lighted, and the roads, many of the Bourke-street shops, and the Eastern Market, were specially illuminated for the demands of the season, The tram routes were thronged with cabs and carriages conveying freights o' beaut- fully dressed ladies and gentlemen to the work i us theatres, and at intervals the care with their blue, r to. and (green lights, came sailing along with their cargoes of sight seers, who were deposited here and there a fe '. Between 9 and 10 o'clock the city i became overcrowded, yet there was, no | bustle, no hurrying, no confusion ; one could hour at a considerable distance the music in one or other of the theatres, and if one person ! had I called out from the other side infective street, those on this side could have heard plainly, but no one called out. It is this calmness and peacefulness, when the streets are thronged with thousands of persons, that is the peculiar feature of Melbourne. The chief attractions on Saturday, so far as the shops were concerned, lay in the tempting display of choice flowers and fruits, and what was more tempting still to the juveniles, the magnificent dolls, exquisite sets of china, handsome guns, etc. One of the prizes to be given by the A.W.A. on the 26th was on view at Fenton's ; it is a lovely BOtofCrown Derby china, and was being admired by numbers of spectators. Paton's florists window exhibited the loveliest dis- play of flowers, roses, and ferns, I have ever seen in a shop. I have often remarked that, our florists are careless about the floral arrangements of their windows and counters, but on Saturday there was no room for fault- finding. It was past 12 o'clock when we returned to our domicile in the suburbs, but the night was so charming, with a bright moon shedding a radiance over all, we sauntered up another street, and entered one of the churches, where a fair congregation of worshippers were bidding goodbye to the old year, and wel- coming the new year. They just did in the church what thousands did elsewhere, namely, gave some regretful thoughts to the year which is piet, and made a fresh covenant with the new year; made promises that many will fulfil, and others, alas, will forget all too soon. The school break-ups are at an end for another year, and everybody is glad. One is safe in > saying everybody, for who is there that has not children of their own, or neices and nephews, or wards, or some one attending school, and so necessitates their acceptance of an invitation to attend on speech-day. The rest of the community consists of teachers ; it is unnecessary to say that they are all blind, very glad, of their month or six weeks' holiday, and after to-day there will he and her stampede to the Gippsland Lakes, Tasmania, and other delightful places of resort. The social events of the past week have been unusually numerous, so much so, it would be difficult to select anything for special notice. A charming Christmas Eve party was given by Mrs. Fillingham, of St. Kilda. The chief attraction, where all was pleasant and attractive was the floral decorations, which were unusually beautiful. I In the supper-room the words "A Merry Christmas " and " Welcome " were composed of white blossoms and placed over the doors. The table, which was tastefully laid, was embellished with natural English holly, which had been sent from England as a Christmas present to the hostess, who arrived here recently from the Old Land. The social of the Carlton Literary and Musical Society was a most enjoyable event, and some very pretty dresses were worn. Black lace was much patronised, and with yellow flowers and ribbons, on the same in heliotrope looked well. A pretty gown was of blue silk trimmed with pearls, A stylish trained dress was of white and amber silk, with trimmings of white laces. A robe of heliotrope silk with panel of brocade and ruffles of chiffon same colour was very tastefully made, and became the weather exceedingly. A stylish drosawasof cream silk and black brocade, with cream lace and yellow roses. The marriage of Mr. Philip Gavan Duffy with Miss Archer was a fashionable event. The ceremonial took place in the Church of the Immaculate Conception, at Hawthorn, the Rev. Father O'Flynn, assisted by the Rev. Father O'Malley and other clergymen, officiating. The beautiful bride, who was given away by her father, wore a trained gown of ivory faille francaise ; the bodice was high, with picture sleeves, and was trimmed with a fruiterer of embroidered chiffon. She also wore a spray of myrtle in the hair and a long tulle veil, and carried a beautiful bouquet. The bridesmaids wore dresses of soft cream crepe, with tucked yokes of yellow silk, short sleeves, and sashes of the same a large straw hats, trimmed with lace and buttercups ; pretty posies of yellow roses. Two little pages were in white sailor suit. The bridesmaids who attended an English bride recently wore dresses of white satin with puffed sleeves and fichus, and frills W mouseline de sole round the skirts at foot ; Empire sashes of white satin; largo Gaine bore' hats of white ship, with ostrich tips and bows of white satin ; shower bouquets of pink roses, white lilac, and hyacinth. The bride-the Hon. Marie North-west robed in ivory white satin,' made with a round train ; the skirt was ornamented with rows of pearl passementerie, and the Empire bodice was folded across, with a trail of orange blossom falling from the shoulder to the waist on the other side ; a diamond tiara and necklace ; wreath of orange blossom under a beautiful veil of Brussels lace ! bouquet of choice blooms. Lady North, the bride's mother, wore a charming toilette of pale grey, satin with passementerie, and a bonnet to match, January 2. . ffLoiuuan. roa was sixth and Bailiwick few drops of the liquid " Floriana " sprinkled on wet tooth brush printers a pleasant dream, which thoroughly cleanse the tenth Indi all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful manner to the north. It tenons all nnplcMurt odour arising from decayed teeth tobsooosmok». "Tho>7ri«T»atnorUlne,"b»iniooa posed In parts of honey and sweet herbs is develops U tU taste, and was treated toilet dUKxnery of the an. Mrs S. M., fall ensemble and pastoral. Wholesale depot, 83, Carrinidra-Bsad, Late" 