SENSATION, FATALITY, & CRIME The Chinese have destroyed the Roman Catholic mission station at Meingan, near Hankow, China. Tho Countess of Howe's jewels were stolen from her at Portsmouth while returning from the Goodwood races. The Countess of Wilton's jowels, valued at several thousands of pounds, have been stoleii from her residence at Maidenhead, A young man named Richmond, working at Nelson Brothers' station, near Napier (N.Z.) blew out his brains with a rifle while suffering from melancholia. A gruesome discovery was made on Wednesday at The Leap, 20 miles from Mackay, Queensland, when the wife of a man named Maclean was found murdered, her head having been smashed by an axe. A case of supposed leprosy is re- ported, tho sufferer being the child of a selector between Dubbo and Tom- ingley. Dr. Ashburton Thompson, Government medical officer, is in vestigating the matter. J. H. Townsend, public school teacher at Narromine, committed suicide late on Wednesday at his house. It is supposed that he was despondent because of his removal from Narromine to Brocklehurst. At the Sydney Quarter Sessions on Wednesday James Sheehan was sen- tenced to three year's imprisonment with hard labor for having caused grievous bodily harm by biting a woman's nose off. The wife of Alderman Mahoney, of Cooma, was found dead on Tuesday morning. Sho had been suffering lately from hysteria and mental aber ration. Sho sent her attondant out on en errand, and on the attendant returning she was found hanging in the back room of her residence. A youth named Bourne has been brought before the Tamworlh bench on a charge of shooting with intent to murder his stepfather, he was re- manded till Monday, next. The victim still remains unconscious, and the doctor holds little hopo of his recovery. - The belief in haunted houses is apparently not yet extinct. In a Supreme Court case in Sydney on Wednesday some depositions taken in ono of the lower courts were read. One of these statements was that a particular house in Bondi had not been tenanted for six years. " It is haunted, it has a ghost in it," was the explana- tion the depositions. The inquest touching the death of a resident of Broadstairs, in Kent (Eng.) named Richards, who was killed by the explosion of a parcel supposed to have contained dynamite, has closed. The mystery remains unsolved, and an open verdict was returned, The parcel was delivered by post at Mr Richards' House, and on its being opened it exploded, killing Richards in the presence of his wife and child. -At Ballarat, Victoria, Glomley Mahomet, a Hindoo, who was dis- charged at the police court on Wed- nesday morning as harmless, ran amuck that night in a frenzy, flourish ing a pair of tailor's scissors. He threatened several persons, causing much consternation. The police with difficulty secured him. With the scissors ho hacked the hands of one constable and threatened to stab another. He is of temperate habits, but subject to paroxysms of insanity. A terrible accident happened to the guard of tho up express from Terowie (S.A.) on Tuesday morning shortly after leaviug Gawler. The guard, an elderly man named Peter Power, fell by "Some accident from tho train and some carriages passed over him cutting off both logs. The train was brought to a standstill, and the spectacle on the rails was so terrible that several ladies fainted. Power was carried into tho station, and subsequently brought on to Adelaide, but no hopes were entertained of his recovery. He had been in tho railway service since 1876, and has a wife and daughter. A buggy accident of a serious nature took place near Hay on Sunday after- noon. A horse attached to a buggy containing Mr John Lindsay, manager of Till Till Station ; Mr John Beattie. manager -of Tartakovor's selection; and a laborer named Butler, bolted at West Hay. All three were thrown out, and admitted to tho Hay Hospital in an unconscious condition. Beattie's injuries wore so serious that he died on, Tuesday morning. Lindsay and Butlor are improving. Beattie was about' 60 years of age, an old resident of the district, and leaves a widow. 