doris and tv . . . fioitrnterS W ImtEti .InSTir4£BariSi rtipi "i ''if 'i.. cannot taajiy you; dear — it. is im possible. i likej'you— i am fond of you; as i told you in tne Orchard that evening ; but i canhot be your wife — i cannot, in deed;. Ohrx with t liftd tdld you catiier hew things Wore;' it wfts Cruol.of me to let yon go oil loving me without telling you tho truth. i was ttfraid to at last ; but now you ore away it seems less diffi cult to sav. Eorglvo me look olsuwhoro for a moire fitting mate— Bomooao who can fully shuro your now life, with you, and help you as ft wife should, with head, heftrt, and hand — someouo. that ffan, lnve.: coil better thnnr ' "honrs/. An hour, went byi reayhe two, while the hardening wont on, while the lovo died aymy, aud tho light and the joy of life dimmed and dickered, out, leaving, me iu durknesB with hato und povenge. Thou x roso and lookod round at the difforcnco of thingsy for all seemed altered and not tho same. x moved to my desk, and, unlocking a drawer, took out all her letters, and thoy, loo, had altered qnd were merely hb many pieces of paper, not sacred things to be touched with reverence, like hits of tho holy rood. But the breath of lavender froiff them got at some soft coiffor in mo, making iffy eyes hot and tight'tming,iny throat. For a-second or two I paused, looking at tho vision that grew out of thorn, till anger puffed and .blew it all away, leaving mo with only the handle of papers.' This i wrapped bp, along with a dead rose aud a look of yellow hair, and directed to Miss Hanlowj- b,an8ton-in-the-Y alo,'\Y orcestershiro, Eng- land. 'Hero;r Said t, as Nita; my utlclo'b . old housekeeper, hobbled In td lay the cloth for tea; 'Lot one of thd lads take this to the station before dark,. no matter; 't'il take It myself \Vhero'b Boss ?' f6oin' ffWay t Said Host ivflbon,- ag i pulled up, half art hour later, at the gate he was mending, 'just as the corn's yolr lowin' for tho machines ? Suipmat Wrong? "You . look kinder mt-'-hopo 'taijft .Berlons1.3 hb wiped mb face, looking haifl at mine, which % turned awayr feeling it was a'tetl-tale. ' You won't be alone longyM wont on. ' my father is on his way and will take possession of'the farm and see to things in my absence. x havo asked him to koop you on, Boss, and x tliiffk you'll find him & good sort Goodbya. Soe you againi Borne day, Whoh .i've— when, i've found What i want. i ghrbeed down at his furrowed fnoe affd saw lrindneaS iff it. . tiost Bnmmat, gaffer ?' said he, and i Could fool tho search of hiB'lookv ho was a 'shrowd man, t«'icoi jny. age, and may have noticed many things siaftft -i#&had; been togothoi-.- . ; 'Ay, i've lost Something i answered-, "hut "it's not thajb i'm aftor, Boss. no use hunting Sot broken, bffhblos, i take Iti' - . v. ' " No, 'triin(tirdrawled bosj, ' hhf what ever you'ro after, it'll tok somd flndln' t guess, aff3 you may aooUr the' world up an3 doWn .to' find it in ypursolf when all's done. hove a good knock round, gafteym'whon it's all burnt tot como luck again tod mgk frioffds wi' things.' ' i could see jfis outstretohed "hand, tod mine went to it involuntarily. 's'lxmg, gaffer,' waa all i heard us the horse leaped a way with mo towft the rough track. t- ' 'So long,' i. said to the hot" silence nftd"; the western fiolitudo, whote i had dreamed my dreams awhile, tolerant of the summer loneliness as long as i could people it with fanoy (and see Boris and good company beyond it. jmt to romain liere with my dead hopcel about iilo, .(grinning lileo marionettes, wnoh love had made caper, deluded by its own niogio; to live off through the long monotonous ' heat with no opposite shore for tho bridge of thought to touoli, with no future bat a fogbopk, whore had been 4t fiff? <)tontjy. no; i couldffot. » , jf' ' Yffeod not dwell on that period"; It. .'Hes in my Memory morfi like a hidequb of aotual life, and like a dream, there are only portions of it which stand out from tho ' shadows — adventures, incidents, scraps 6l ficonety, seen in clearer moments. It u enough to say that i came round gradually, and began to see things 09 they should bo seen, But tho hato was all gone and iove' nlone was left, . Yes, lovo was left, though badly nourished, having no hopes "to diet is; and i got 'accustomed to think of Doris as one who was dead and yot living and very lovable withal, oven n« Boatrlde was to Dante. So a year passed on and left mo minus some thousands oi dollars. X had found my way Into dolorado, und -was a miner at one of tho. groat ioint-stomt akitn.1 which havo taken tho piano of tho aldf ashionod digging#; Tho iff ugh Work suited my humour, and there was life and go in tho. town aild' much distraction in the gamo of faro, of which more in its place. Eof nine nVonths i had not heard from Ouundu, and had peassd to think of tlio plnifr. lly father had takeii kindiy to his new life, vffiioh Was all i needed to "kffottv i wished to he, and Was, ft solitary iff the woidd, though I mixed muohwfth tdon, finding more isolation in a crowd than in lonely places. But I was Hoginniag to ho restless again and to wish for anothef chnngo, when something happened which i una not looked for, but which makes mo alwoyB thankful thutl played faro that night at Mtdas'a. ' it was nothing more than a quarrel and ft whipping out oi revolvers, dnd then a sudden lane of rough figures looking on while, the -two firefl from either end.' x heard the low thud of the bullet as it .struck blhck lake, and i naught him iu my firms as he foil bqpkwurd with sudden limpness tod 'whiten ing fuse, i had only Been him onoo before, find he had roiisc/i a vngilo recol- lqetion whioh had made me look again at him, Wondering what it wfls about . him 'that was so familiar; He had been -at ono of the far table#, or "perhaps his speech would have given toft tho cue- Now, as ho oponod hie oycfl and stared into mlhe ho tnwwd hifl .lips from the flask find said i ' God forgivd lifl — it's Master Sedley t' ' , ' 'That's so. Taken pull at this and .tell me who you ard,' smd lyBurptistsd at to f own name. The liqueur was of little use, "for .his hoatt Was Blowing Avery Moment; but it broffght a fllokcrto his lUoe tod a word of twO fnore to his lips, 'Grio mo yer-eaf— closer,' he whifiperedw 'Dob Hilton— Banstor. postman — ay. yo' know me now. Thoy want m6— -want mo for robbing the hngB,: Toll 'em doatb has got luo, and ; tell young dootor cbap ns i hopes to — He larned pie' the begiunin'— he— - Yore letters— Miss Boris' — I stopped 'cm— . His money,' Hope no harm, done, sir— I VClirist " savo— ' His eyes .glazed,' .a tremble wont through him, ond he slipped off without another word, leaving mo staring at the dyed whiskers and dissi- pated features, with ringing ears end a - thousand thoughts and feelings alb set-, loose togothor, to the overwhelming o£. my wits, which seemed quit® undouq» Dong after they had carried' him aWiiv and the noise anu confusion wqS spent, i ' stood leaning on the bar counter, staring vacantly through the smoke oh theealoon, Beeing and hearing nothing, hut ConsoitoB of a growing fiend within me and ft tight ening of my teeth as i reckoned thing# up and saw in fill its clearness the perfidy that had come between ub, the letter— wob not that a part of it ? c.o.uld Doris from her heart's heart have writton such a letter at all.? It was a forgeiy, a trick, tod i had been a fool, to ho duped, by ite— nay, a villain Iff vety truth,; for x had doubted Doris and.givto hor ptoi and. misery perhaps ft thousand timet worso than my own. Yet the letter-WUB" oloaf'.i enough, said the ghost of Doubt"; it in hot own oharaotoriBtlc handwriting, said Memory ; and there was HO forging that, put/ m Doubt agftim Then a resolution came "to mo, and i walked out into the open air and breathed it m with a long inhalation, as mop do at sudden relief or whom atirrod with now jpurposoi. s thote Wore oyil things iff" my hofirt, hut tliere was cnciif tie cprfforwhore hope- stirred, as if after tt long "sloop. x oould feel it as i looked up to the heavens, where the stars. Were twinkling down at me as if thoy knew a thing or -tw<>, having seen Doris only ftiew hours atone. Next morning X. started -for New York, and Iff four more days waft on the Atlan tic; ft&zlng; at tho last point, of Sandy Hook as it sank lower ana lower, till the horizon- was on Unbroken lino and Amorioa; nftwhere. but as wo sped eastward through the long dftys and nights as i drew neftref to. Dorif and him aud the truth, the fiends grew busier within me and gaye ray littlo babe of hope such a hustling that i well- nigh lost" sight of it-in the tumult, . 1 had been away 18 months, fijtd what; might a matt not ao in that- time with to impressionable young girl' who had -the best evidence thftt hot loyor was uhfaith- - fulr Thoy were cousins, and had heqn together- in earlier yoars;' he was highly educated, and, contrasted with me,a bril- Iiimt,' pelhapB. a fascinating man. ho had secured his diploma; hut the arduous study Had broke him down, and to recruit himBolf bo had left his London home to pass Borne weeks among the breezy bilk ftf Worcestershire, the gUcst of his father's taster, the- daily comptnuon, po doubt, of Doris. He had seen her "beauty, her young susceptibility to tho influences about hen and he had wormod his Way into hoF heftrt and cankored ite as grubs do roses. Sri faatepd totted it all pp, and made mo fool ob murderers do, God for give me i It is all passed new, and it love's doing with nil throe of usi fto to conoamne to-monn'ow.j 