" THE UNSEEN WORLD." A SOCIETY FOR PSYCHICAL RESEARCH. INAUGURAL MEETING. The inaugural meeting of the Victorian Society for Psychical Research was held last evening at the College of Pharmacy, Swan ston-street, and was attended by a considerable audience, which included many ladies. Professor Laurie, who presided, lead the constitution which had been drawn up, and which provided shortly that spiritualism' mesmerism, hypnotism, telepathy, clair voyage, the appearance of disembodied spirits, and all kindred phenomena would be investigated by the society, and that the fee for membership would be 10s. 6d. annually. The professor intimated that the desire to participate in occult manifestations was increasing daily among the masses of the people, and that it was highly desirable that the im- posters and charlatans who had hitherto made a good thing out of the popular thirst for supernatural excitement should be superseded. The new society, it was vaguely hinted, would countenance no " spooks " which could not stand the application of strictly scientific tests, and would be happy to receive for membership the determined sceptre as well as the whole-hearted believer, and the anomalous person who describes himself as open to conviction. Perhaps the most striking' example of determined scepticism present was Dr. Jamieson, the city health officer, who bluntly declared his conviction that irregular phenomena were mainly due to hallucination. With his spectacles on his nose, and an amused smile on his lips during the progress of the discussion, he looked the personification of the scientific spirit, and the most importunate phantom might well despair of ever obtain- ing a testimonial of credibility in that quarter. Dr. G. A. Syme announced himself as an inquirer with an unbiassed mind, and declared that he was ready to examine any of the alleged phenomena that could be produced. As for the people whose belief in table-turning and spirit-rapping could not be shaken by any arguments whatsoever, they were present apparently by dozens, and as the elastic constitution of the society provides for the investigation of thought transference, esoteric Buddhism, the doctrines of Madame Blavatsky, mysticism, the use of the divining-rod, and magic necromancy and the black art generally down to Pepper's ghost and spring-heeled. Jack, it is probable that representatives of each of these cells were in attendance to silently commiserate with Dr. Jamieson and pray for the speedy conversion of Dr. Syme. When Mr. Ellery remarked that the council of the society ought, if it is ever to do any good, to consist to a large extent of sceptics, or at any rate of persons with unbiassed minds, the stipcrnaturaliats.aroae and objected. Unless the members of the council would be content to learn from those who had become familiar with apparitions and their way is no practical result could possibly be achieved. One in- quirer wished to know whether the society intended to go into the question of the existence of the soul, and after admitting that he had practised table-turning in his youth, and drawing attention to the historical fact that Dr. Johnson believed in the Cock Lane ghost, sadly confessed that he was still an agnostic. Another contributor to the discussion thought it absurd that inquirers should approach the examination of obscure phenomena without first collating at least a portion of the vast body of literature which already exists on the subject. None of the committee appeared over o) ed at the prospect of reading up a course of study ranging from the writings of Paracelsus to the marvellous history of Jack and the Beanstalk, and the suggestion was received with marked coolness. Perhaps the real practical scope of the society was best indicated by a gentleman, who said, " When a spiritualist comes along and Bit) a, 'lean call spirits from the vasty deep' we will say 'Come.' And when the forms appear we shall investigate them, and also the conditions under which they are produced. The following gentlemen were elected as members of the first council of the society, viz-Mr. Jamieson, Dr. G. A. Syme, Dr. Mollison, Dr. Webster, Dr. Strong, Professor Laurie, Messrs. D. McAlpine, James Smith, J. W. Hunt, R. W. Hunt, Oldfield, and A. L. Windsor. After receiving a large number of names for membership the meeting closed. ___^_______. 