inside newgate, BY JAMES GREENWOOD, THE : AMATEUR CASUAL. Author of " The Amateur Casual," " Under a Cloud," " A Little Ragamuifin." " Dick . Tem pie," "Almost Lost," " Reubeu Davidger," "Humphrey Dyob," " Wilds of London," " In Strange Company," \- ''Unsentimental Journeys," "Low Life . Deeps," "Silas the Conjuror," "Jerry Jacksmith, of Lower London," "Tag, Rag, and Co.," " Fair Phyllis of Lavender. Wharf," &c.;, &c.; gaol at Newgate, regarded merely as w a place of safe kee'ping for evil doers on whom the law has laid a repressive hand, is one of the most interesting of prisons. It was the lion of its kind in the.old times ; but of late years it is shorn of its claws, and has attained a degree of tameness that in Captain Macheath's time, would have been deemed impossible. The spiked wicket is no longer kept by a fierce gaolor, surly as a mastiff at the mouth of his kennel, bub by an affable official, respectful and civil as a well- bred footman. My cicerone was an elderly and experi enced warder, and by way possibly of mak ing known to me the fact that if I had gained admittance under false pretences and with sinister intentions I should find that I had made n serious mistake, he led the way to an apartment and opened a cupboard, where the fetters were kept—a bright shin ing row of the modern pattern, with a- few examples of the ancient " darbies," such as, I suppose, were used at a time when the art of breaking out as well as getting into New gate whs a branch of the "professional's" education — monstrous things, some of them — and he unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, and they weighed at least a quarter of a hundredweight, and the leg irons to match were even "more massive. In the same receptacle, and evidently preserved as precious mementoes of the past, were the anvil and hammer witii which at the last moment the cruel blacksmith struck off the galling encumbrance, together with several "btber interesting relics of the good old lime. The irons, I was informed, were seldom or never used how, except when prisoners were in course of removal from one prison to another. . I came on many other things that used to be the pride and glory of Newgate, bub which had. been abandoned since the renowned criminal stronghold had mended its manners. I saw, too, the black hole- half-a-dozen black holes indeed — bub no one Is ever placed in them. Another Newgate institution, observed from time, immemorial, is now obsolete — the condemned sermon. I ascertained this from my conductor as we stood in the prison ehapel. As of old, to the left and to the right there are spaces in which the criminal congregation is accommodated, railed off from- the rest of the sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron stout enough to secure the most ferocious creatures" of prey ever exhibited ab a menagerie, and there too was the doomed one's chair (I always understood that he sat in a pew), a stiff and straightbacked black chair which, when occupied, was placed apart from any other seat and in fair view of the parson in the pulpit. Bub ho now participates in the sermon in common with the rest, aud is never specially preached at. Bub if there is no condemned sermon, Newgate is still faithful to its condemned cell. Except for its terrible associations aiid for the fact that hundreds of miserable wretches have sat at that table and lain on tbat bedstead, counting the rapid hours that seemed so hungrily anxious to eat up their dwindling remnant of existence, there is .nothing. dreadful about the condemned cell. It is about fehesizreofan ot-dinary .underground back-kitchen, and about as well-lighted. There is a little shelf, on which repose bho dying, man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, and l;is Bible, unnecessarily branded -" Newjgate " on the leaves. There is a very small deal table and a little form, and these last-mentioned articles of furniture, '-as well' as the floor boards, are scrubbed white, and the vaulted ceiling is white, and the : walls.. There is many a cell in. which a poor man with his family is condemned to live and pay several shillings a week for, -in the shape of rent, that is nob nearly so desirable a place of abode as t. regards cleanliness and good veutilation. - There is no firepjaee, and the gas jet burns in.a little wire cage, presum ably to prevent frantic persons from attempt ing suicide by burning. I asked whether the condemned, -as a rule, gave much trouble ; the warder- answered unhesitatingly, " No ! - There were excep tions, of course ; bub generally, after they got over the first fright, they settled down wonderfully calm, and remained so until the last," which is evidence that it is in human nature to dread death itself less than the torture of the "cab." It is in the experi ence of every prison official I ever talked with on the subject that a ruffian, being uncertain as to the morning when he is to have, as he himself would say, "claws for breakfast," is in the habit of lying night after night in a sweat' of terror lest to-morrow should be the doleful day. Bub there is one feature of Newgate's interior, a recollection of which will probably abide in the memory of the man who sets eyes on it, long after all else, connected with the grim prison is. forgotten-s-the murderers' burying-ground. When one reads that " the body of the malefactor was the same afternoon buried within the, precincts of the gaol," the natural inference is that there is a graveyard, that there is a spot, at the rear of the cliapel very likely, set apart for the interment of those who are sacrificed to the law's just vengeance, and that, though the unhallowed hillocks are devoid, of head or footstone, there is a registry "kept, by which the authorities can tell whose disgraced remains they cover. Thi3, however, is by no ..means the system : adopted. The guido, unlocking a door, discovers a narrow paved alley, between two very tall, roughrhewn walls, which are adorned , with whitewash. .They alley is, perhaps, five- and,-lW3tity yards long, and nob so wide bub that two men joining hands could easily "touch/the sides of it, and at the: end there is a grated gate. '/This,'- remarks the civil warder, '' is where we bury 'em," and you naturally. con clude that be alludes to a. space beyond the. gate, and that he ia aboub to traverse the alley, and open it.; Instead of this; barely .has he /stepped over. thethreshold jthan ho points tp - the letter " S/'-dinily visible on the wall's -surface. " Aiid," says he, " Slit- wizen, who was hanged-for murdering his wife' and burning Her: body," and before your breath, suspended by ' the startling announcement; ;is restored to you, he lays his /forefinger- on another -letter a few incljes/:pff; /y«,Kefcchcalfr who .pub::! the throat., of .hid fellow-servant ; Braipbleby, wfio> split. his datheris'- eIiuII with a gairjieii /spade ; Greenacre, who mur- ideri Hannah Brown ! and afterwards Senfejupiher body,?/and ao as be .keeps shitt- ingY barely, a foot - at-a time along the whitened wall, , he -goes on Padding to the horrible list, 'while the - ghastly - fact dawns ;ou-you.thab every letter idenptos.-o body. cut idown/from the gallows,' and that-the pave-' iinent ybii are walking, oh is bedded- in . the s-pcMany k mh! aemale murdferers ? .;:W®Sre coiqpara-;; ftivmyiifoderath'iffi of the hempen"; cord as : a remedy -against man-alaying, but -it - was only aigeneration -back, when business was exceedingly: hriak m that line ; a hanging was looked for in the Old Bailey on a Monday i almost as'- Much ; as?a?SiiatEr - of cpurse 1 as the. cattle-market in Sndthfield on a Fridav. Then, as now, the . dreadful- little iano between thq/M«wuUS'.JKas. ! pi? cf.eepulcMeMortlio'WhPasged' Out ' engbh of the" alley, and they are patched l | ad cobbled and mended with dabs r aortar in the most unhandsome way. "A very large number must have bee buried here at one time and another, I remarked. " Bless you, yes, sir," replie the Newgate warder of long service, " yo. can't half see the letters. They need to be all over the other wall as well, bub, being whitened every year, the letters at last got filled up." It was hob a pleasant idea, and I believe that the cracked and unstable condition of the paving stones suggested it, but it came into my mind as I scanned the walls and made out scores and scores of ancient letters, showing ghost-like through the obliterating whitewash, what a.hideoiis crowd it would make if those to whom the initial applied could all in a moment be recalled bo life. The narrow alley would not hold them all. There would ensue such a ferocious crushing and 'striving for escape that there would be murder done over again and such work for the hangman that " he would be striking for extra pay.'".. 