' black c; host srojjy. i Sir Hicharil Owen hail two remark 1 able ghost st( rit s. and ci'.e of these, ; perliaps the better of the two. is rc | lilted by a !-,/ih/ Srim correspondent, i In his early days, when surgeon to the | prison at !, ant- aster, a. negro died I therein. Alter lite iiujiicst the young . surgeon saw tho body put into the Collin I and the lid screwed down, to be ready j for the funeral next day. Owen hail j at the time been already attracted to i the study of comparative anatomy, j and negroes' heads were not plentiful, J so he made up his mind that that this one should not lie iosi to the cause of science. In ihe evening he returned to the prison with a black bag con taining a brick — for in his olilicial posi tion he had no difficulty in getting ad mittance to the mortuary, where the coftin lid was unscrewed and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the prin cipal entrance to the gaol has a con siderable descent : and the time being w inter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length — the bag went Irom his hand, and the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag, and following the head clutched it just as it finished its career in a small shop j where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the hag again, he vanished out of the shop wilh the speed he was ! ca.iiable of. Next morning when, Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in hy the w oman at the shop where the accident had occured on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before that ca used him to look wild and dazed - like. The man, it turned out, -was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures among the West India islands, when deeds 'were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these de tails the old captain told of the horrible event that took place the night before, lie was sitting iu his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been thinkiug of the negro, when sud denly he saw his very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, and it was followed hy the devil, all in black, with a black bag in his hand, who snatched up the head, and both disap peared through the earth like a ilash of lightning. The description was per haps not quite complimentary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfac tory so far that his indentity had not been recognised. The American Senate has ratified an extradition treaty with Russia pro viding that persons guilty of attempts to assassinate any member of the Hussian Imperial family shall be estradicted regardless of the motives prompting sucli crime. J 