ffiofce* Column. Wagner as a Boy.—Wllhclm Richard i Wagner was born at Leipzig, Mcrcti 22.1818. When he was nine, he went to school, where he was the despair of the teacher who in structed him in mnsic j he paid no attention to his practising, bnt seized every opportu- ] nlty of repealing the melodies that be bad 1 board, especially IboBe of " Dor Krclsclintz," wbioh hid already kindled bis powerful Its- I agination. Aneient history, mythology, Greek and Latin wero bis favorite studies, bat his heart was really in nono of theac, for be had a socret aim tuat absorbed all his thoughts and feelings—bo was a poet I In Meclcventh year be won a prise for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after no translated tlio first twelve books of the Odyssey. Ho taught himself linglish, and immediately became so absorbed in Shake speare that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years bo tolled, and during this period ho contrived to kill off forty-two people in bis drams. He was forced to re lent, however, and to recall them as ghosts in the ISst net In order to bare performers fenotwli to play the parts. Meantime he had left'Dresden where ho had been living, and entered a school at Lolpsig, but he had so neglected-his etndiea for musical composi tion, that bo was pot bock a class; this so discouraged him that ha gavo himself en tirely tools tragedy. When he bad nearly finished It he first heard Beethoven's music. Thie bad so strong an influence over him that be determined to set his tragedy to music, end purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task. So fascinated did be become with the Btndy, that he de termined to he a poet no longer, bat that mueio should have the devotion of biB life. When his family learned of the trsgody, they were math troubled, for they felt It was the sante of his backwardness at school; but when they found him to be writing music, tbey ware In despair, fortbey believed it to be nothing mors than a fancy, and that it might do tee hoy great harm. He was not to be diccouraged/bowevcr, and composed in Secret. But at lost ho was placed under the instruction of Theodore Wciniig, a man steeped In the Spirit of " Father Bach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart, The Boat-Dwcllera of Japan-—Young people who live in Australia may fancy that our cities are crowded, and that many families mast live without very much air to breathe or space for the boj-B to play in. What would thcysay to the boat- dwel lers of Japan 7 . _ In that crowded country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occsaional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend to some un usual business. In every bay along the coast are found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These are small, flat-hot. tomed boats, and nre owned and inhabited by a man and bis family, just as houses big in other parts of the world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says: " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven yearn of nge. T am told that, notwith standing their aplness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boatevergoes to anothcrh aid, nor will any boatman save any other from drowning, because as he says, It is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children oftbreo years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and teased and tormented nntil be is obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ah! it is in reading and learning about the people of other lands that we And bow much we have toloveandbe thankful forinthc broad free life of our own. But even here there are children who would be better for sufcb frequent baths, and perhaps you would < have great difficulty in persuading the little • Japs that life in tiro hot and crowded streets 1 of our great cilies was to be preferred to that of the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country. An Adventure With a Hugo Buffalo —1 bad singled oat as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and the most magnificentinane that bas ever come under my notice. I determined to have that bead, and to carry it- Bast with me as a trophy. To tingle the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver In his shoulder was an easy task, when -aided by aucb a horse as mine. The remainder of the herd thun dered off to the west with my companions in tall chase, and away toward the east wentmy i wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill into bis- aide whenever be j swerved-enaugb to give mo a chance at bis - heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to cuter hit cranium that be was flying in a direct line from his friends, and be wheeled abont and charged me, bis magnificent head cocked sldewise, ready to toes my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from bis mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of bis course and landed me with bis off fore leg in a marmot's bole, bringing bim to bis knees,snipping tbc bone of bis 1% off like a stalk of straw and ■ending me headlong to tbc ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some what shaken up, bnt my eyes were, wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on. aU my faculties, benumbing me so that I conld not move so much as an eyelid.' lire bull came on, bb boob rattling on the bard prairie like tho bones of the end man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came fall in my month and nostrib; one of bis horns caught in the collar of my bunting , shirt, tearing it amy, and then hb hind boot grated my temple. Hp was aa glad to escape as 1 was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my dobmed mustang, One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. An Old War-Horae.—The Bev. J. o, Wood, the -well-known English writer on natural history, relates tbc following true atory in fab recent book on the horse : - " Borne years ago an elderly -gentleman died, leaving to bis widow all bis property, Including- an-old end staid - horse. It so happened that there was a review In the neighborhood, and -the old - lady. - who was stone-deaf, drove over to see ft. During the manoeuvres a regiment of cnralry passed her and as they did so the trumpeter blew on bb Instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not bear.- The horse, however, heard and understood tho trumpet call. Old as be was, btsprang off atfull speed,gallopod into the rnnlu, and put himself In line with perfect accuracy. - The signal to charge waa then given, and off went the home with bb comrades.- The old lady shrieked, and dragged at tbe reins to no purpose. Where the regl. mont wont the home wont; wlien it wheeled be wheeled, and when it charged be charged, dragging bb expostulating mistress after bim throughout thcwboleof the manoeuvres, "After the review was over tbc officers ciewfisd tonnd tho old home, who evidently had bolongedto tho cavalry, and offered a very high price for bimt in order-to make a regimental pet of falm. - The offers, however, were refused." . The world la no eold, Ion ■ (lreatlyoan't utay), Unleee one bae gold, ion (I must get i«n). My heirt ie all thine, dear (Oh I won't there be etrUe) I And youra<eha1i be-mine, dear * (On, Iiord; Bere'a my yrift I) " A font l» a bapttemalbaein inebnreh, ten'! tt, father t" uekefl young Bbarpibin*. 11 Tee," returned the old gentleman, ebortly.! " Then why la a eel of printere' type ealled a (ont t" enquired young B. '' Beeante eo many antbore sain a name through it,'! ' 