AUSTRALIAN WOMEN. Thus writes Julia F. Nicholson, ini the 'North American Review :' — Imagination pictures a new type in a new land. The pity of it ia that the reality falls short of ex pectation. Australian women, to be sure, work out their destiny in t!ie newest of new lands; but, in theso latter days, when oue end of the world, so to say, touches the other, originality is heavily handicapped. External influences are for ever beating on Australian shores, American and English examples, always present, are as inimical to the production of original and striking characteristics as civilization, according to Macaulay, is to the production of the most poetic poetry. Australian women aspire to the freedom and independence of American women, and stand in awe of the presence an I traditions of English women. The re sult is a character moulded by conflicting influences reflected through the colored medium of Australian conditions. Transi tion stages are rapid in Australia. The twi light flits across the lolls and plains, and, ghost-like, disappears. The naivete of child hood slips away before short frocks lengthen into long gowns. It is daylight or dark ness, infancy or womanhood hers. Before the English girl has outgrown childish de lights the Australian is a woman in minia ture, self-conscions, self-confident, not easi ly abashed, with eyes that long since have NO. 4 ceased to look out upon the world with wonder. In a short skirt, with a plait down its back, young Australia imitates its eld ers, flirts, falls in love, and, sometimes, reads and writes funny little love-letters in all seriousness. Very youthful, very innocent all this in its way, but the way itself strikes one as just a little precocious. Like her brother, th« Australian girl has a say as to what she learns, where she goes, what she wears. In fact, she brings her self up under easy supervision. Grown to womanhood, the glitter and glamor of life already tarnished in her sight, she is without reserve, possessed of few illusions and less sentiment. She has arrived at a very good opinion of herself. So far as circumstances permit she pleases herself in the choice of a husband or a course in life. But with all her liberty she does not enjoy the recognized freedom and independence of the American girl. The social code is slightly conf usiug. For an unengaged girl to go to the theatre or for a walk alone with a man would be scandalous, but at a dance she may wander about dim gardens and verandahs with a new acquaintance and it is quite another thing. She marries at any age short of middle age, but it is not into greater freedom as the French-woman, but into bondage after the most approved British fashion. Family cares and household duties absorb her; servants worry her. The happy knack of dividing life into parts and sustaining many interests has yet to be acquired. Accomplishments are neglected dancing goes to the wall; for reading there ia no tune. But should domesticity fail to engross her and giddy whirl of society sweep her away from home the household becomes a scene of disorder. Perhaps this tralian becomes so uninteresting after marriage. Her life narrows down, she seldom shares her husband's interests, her conversation fluctuates between scandal and servants* delinquencies , fashions and the children. Her days are varied by tea and gossip, with visits and occasional en tertainments thrown in. Unless a fashionable woman she no longer troubles to be pretty or charming, and it is unusual NO. 5. for her to keep herself au courant of passing events and the questions of the day, or to give more than an occasional glance at a newspaper. Though pretty, tall, and well-formed, the Australian iB not graceful. Her feet are seldom small, her handH rarely beautiful. Meetover, she does not dress well. Her toilette has none of the chic of the Par isienne's, little of the sobriety of the Englishwoman's. Overdressed or dowdy, she produces the impression of i«ot only having little taste, but no artistic sense of the fitness of things. Stylish and elegant women are to be seen more frequently in Melbourne than elsewhere. Nevertheless, dress is dear to the soul of -an Australian,, and much is spent on it. Down in the low est social grates it plays an important part. Th -i Australian hugs the idea of quality,, and, believing in uniformity of dress as the visible sign of equality, often sacrifices actual comfort to obtain fashionable olothing. An Australian family makeB a ? bravejsnow on holidays. There may be^ bare feet and rags in tho house, but there are cheap feathers and gloves in the street. Here the vanity if the race peeps out and hatred of apparent s -cial distinctions, for vanity is stronger in tho Australian woman than ambition, just as indolence is more inherent th;ia enorgj. She is elever but not intellectual, accomplished oftener than highly educated. To b- able to play the piano is rogariel a9 a sort of cavktt of distinction, not to play it as a lamentable «ign of neglected education. Tact is natural to her, also a quick sense of per ception. With tho ready ease wherewith a troutlet changes its color into harmony with that of ita surroundings, she adapts herself to circumstances, catches the cue of her entourage, and continues to produce a favourable impression. With a cheerful disposition and mercurial temperauieut the serious side of life scarcely appeals to her. Foreseeing not that to sow the wind is to reap the whirlwind, she exacts neither obedience nor due reverence from her child ren, and without being specially religious leaves the responsibility of their future very much t - Providence. Thus, some of UUP ULUCTOU ICUllU^O Ull'tV MILIU 1-UC» UUIUOlU race together become destroyed, and a suspicious sort of independence loosens family tics in Australian households. Though hardly capable of strong feeling and deep, passionate attachment, the Aus tralian is affectionate, and in manner hospitable, friendly and, sometimes, sympathetic. Strangers to-day, to-morrow you are intimately acquainted. In friend ship there is no tentative stage, but a plunge in mtdias res. By her speech the Australian betrays her origin. Bay is prononnced bai; say, «ai. Sometimes there is a nasal sound in the voice. Often there is slang on her lips not the slang of society merely, but of the stock-yard, the camp-fire and the stable. It may be heard in the drawing rooms cf society, for polished manners we not found as a matter of course in prominent placet. Here man and women are shaken like di e in a box; chance decides the throw. Culture and refinement may dwell in the humblest homes and the veriest plebeianism amidst luxury. Australia is the land of many grotesque contrasts and some unique social surprises 