THE FLITTING: FANTICINI. CURRENT COMMENT ON THINGS IN GENERAL. (By the Max xx the Street.) It is interesting to notice the amount of tender aolioitudo manifested with regard to Sir Henry Norman's unexpeoted appoint ment. Now, if anyone is Ukdy to be com pletely educated with regard to affaire Indian, it cortainly should bo a man who has spont tbo grontoBt part of his life iu India iu tbo dual capacity of soldier and diplomatist. Yet oortaln nristocratio oirrics in England and India profess to be agitated laat tho now Viceroy should not bo capable of dealing firmly with such important questions as may ariio. Had tho Glaistouo Govern ment appointed to tho undoubtedly difficult office, Bay, tho head of one of the noble families in England, with an experience limltod to Downing street and St. Jamoa', wonld thero havo been such anxiety? I trow not. Tho only parallol whioh ooonrs to mo at tho moment is tho picture of a number of elderly epinatorn cautioning a successful bookmaker against risking his monoy on the tarf, wkilothccallow yonth passes by to ptungo on a dead bird. Thoro ia a powerful flavor of hypocrisy und jealousy in tho pitying, doubting congratu lations toodorod to the gallant old aoidinr who, if his rooord bo any criterion of hta quality, shonld bo woll qualified to deal with tho posslblo daugora whioh mouueo our Indian Empiro. By tbo way, a Russian paper has oxprcssod an opinion on this nub- joot whioh ought not to bo wholly over- lookod. Tbo Metropolitan Board of Works onght to have painted a oolored window, designed after tho idoa of the familiar Pears' Soap advertise ment. One pano ought to represent tho poet, philosopher, 'finanoior, Fitz Gibbon stretohlng forth his hand to roaoh an inao- ©eeriblo loan, and be marked with tho legend ' Ho won't bo happy till ho gets it;" and tho eeoond pano ought to represent tho same door old Fitz holding up tho covotcd prize, Now ho'a got it J" Of course, 51 r Fitz Gibbon wonld never oonsont to bo painted naked, liko the little boy in tho pio- ture, but that coold be overcome, I dare say. Everyono is glad ho has got it. Ho desorvod it. His interest In tho seworago quostion is o deep and roal. And, by tho way, it is not true, I am authorised to Bay, that tho bard has written an opio poom, " To a Main Sewer," dodloatod to Councillor M'Mahon. Thoro are somo points about bring a ghost. Ghosts go whore they liko, haunt whom they please, don't pay any incorao-tax, are not worried about politios, do not havo their roonoy lockod up in reoonstruoting banks, and don't oven havo rows abont tholr washing bill, beoanso tho flattering robos thoy wear never want wash log. Better still, if yon aro a ghost, yon have solomn, learned pcoplo ox- citing themselves In tbe investigation of yon. Tbo study of ghosts is, in foot, one of tho most absorbing pursuits on the cards. Mr W. T. Stead, with his wonderfully shrewd eyo for tho burinosa side of things, has oven estab lished a spooky magazine called "Bordor- land/' about which everything is to bo ghostly, except tho profits. Last of all, a number of gentlemen in Melbourne, compris ing Mr Astronomer EUory, Profcssr Laurie, Dr Symo,Dr Strong aud Professor M'Alpino, of tho Government Botanist's dopartmunt, havo forraod tho nuolous of a Melbonrno Psychical RsionrchSooloty, whioh is shortty to bopublloly flouted, I understand that i t is to sit for tho oollcotion of oridcuoo, liko tho Sweat ing Board (thero is a shocking lot of "sweat- tag' whoro tho ghosts como from !) and ghosts aroto bo enllod as witnesses. I am Buroond hopo thoy will bo successful. At prcsont I regard Bo-callod "familiar spirits" as being considerably "undor proof,' but 1 havo an open mind on tho subjeot. I trust tho Sooiety will give pariioular attention to Australian nativo spooks, bnnylps, "an' filch." Thoy have never boon properly investigated by psychical etudonte, and there is no reason why as Australian bunylp shouldn't ba as good as, say, an Irish banshee, or an old English family spootro. In faot, if tho nativo artiolo decs not got juetioo dono, I shall, with the oditor'e permission, use this column for oon- ducting an agitation in favor of taxing im ported spirits and protecting the local artiolo, and for having tlio formor stumped, an is pro posed to bo dono with Chinoso furniture. So just lot Mr Ellory and Professor Laurie look oat 1 It's a terrible thing sometimes to bo a re presentative of royalty. Tho Viceroy of Ireland has many consolations. Ho can kiss tho youthful debutantes at bis oourt, and If some bo a triilo off color in the way of youth, thoy are proportionately grateful, Evoa tbe Viooroy of India can get away to tho Hills, und the diversions of Simla are of an exciting, not to any sploy, order. But out iu Australia a Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. Uo has generally a largo stook of orders on hand for openiog buildings, bazaars, oto. Ho Is expooted to say something new about anything at tho shortest notico, end to be widely interested in evorytbing from ensilage to calisthenics or osoterlo Buddhism, he has frequently to travel long distances with members of PorlUmeut ! Ho has a larger visiting book than any other citizen, and, Qonsoqaently, is more frcquontly borod. But tho uukindoet oat of all must bo whou be has to road whut it costs to entertain him. ! " Please ask tbo Governor to como '.to.. our show," wroto a North-Westorn Show Secretary the othor day to tlio looal mombor. With his usual courtesy, tho Governor waa willing to go. " le it cood enough wired back iho cantiotis member, and then it waa found thot it would cost eomo thirty ponndi to givo the visitor a suitablo reception, Oo this followed diucusaion, aud it waa finally docidod tlint, in tho present rtAto of affaire, it "wasn't good enough." Of reurse, tho show author!- lies are quito rigid in bring careful of tho members' funds, but thoy might havo loft tho Governor out of it until they had tnado up tholr minds. Itisn'tcustomary to ask a man to dino with you, and then let him know what it coats you. Ho bad been looking at tbo whfcky wluu itwas white. Not to iho extent of "ohfusra- tlon." Rather to tho extent of thoroughly appreciating any good thing that might pre. ecntitsolf. Soiu-t- atcarolesaly baok in Ids siat in a railway crtrriago, and informed tbo man next to him as follows:— "Have you soon The Herald? Good paper. Fullo' nowfr— quilo a loador of publioaplulou. Power in tbo state. A bitmixed sometimes, I read it just now, and can't quito make out whether a mounted rillfa.womsn's broa burying babies or a baby farmer taking 'up a eelco- tiou. Novor mind, make it out in noxt edition. " And thon ho lighted a pipe and smoked calmly on, whilo a worn-out journal ist opposite had a wild dream of reef-knots, coronore, rlflewomen, bubioR, vftomon, oon- stables, spadoa, blotting-pads and suburban oorrespondonts whirling round iu a phantas magoria that would havo knooked a danoing dervish into a cocked hat. It is not often ono moots a thoroughly appreciative insa' When ono does ho rii'-uhl bo cherished. Hore is a paragraph from a loading Lon don nowspapor, tho "Daily Nows":— "On tho occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hon. \V. A. Zoal, President of tho Now South Wales Legislative Assembly, tho wholo of tho stalls and dress oirele of tho Princess's Theatre, hfclbourno, was roscrvod for tho gncsts, who ioolnded somo prominent members of society as woll as politicians." Snroly a paragraph this full of points I Rather sets tho example in stylo for colonial writers. If Mr Zeal bad been mado tbo President of tho Now Sontli Walos Legislative Couucilit wonld not bavo boon so bad. But a Speaker usually presides in ' tho Houso in whiuh tho term Assembly is applied in any Purliaincntary ayatom. Again, It is interesting to hear that " many prominent members of sooiety wero prcscsti as well as politicians/' Tha impliod distinction be tween tho former and tho latter class ia this remarkablo paragraph suggosts reflec tion of a f&r; moro serious character than thoso provokod by its appallingly mixed googrgnphy. Tho ovils of the opium babit, bavo they not been told by thousand of orators and writer who— never knew what it was. A Do Qoincoy is not found at evety street cornor, and it is not easy to imitoto bis " con fessions." Of oourse, being simply a snau in tho stroot, it is my plain duty to boflovo that both tobaooo and opium shorten pooplo' lives. Ocea9loualy ono does indeed eomo across a hard easo — a man, for loataneo, halo and hearty at eighty or ninety, who bossmokod and ehowed tobacco from boyhood, Oueo, too, I rocolioot, when in virtuul quarantine, awoman of ovor eighty, who had volunteered aid to tho siok when younger nurses wero sot to bo obtained, sat down with mo boforo Uio lire each oveuing, and we mingled onr re spootive olouda of tobuooo emoko. So fur as I know, fiho is nlivo yet, and always enjoys her pipe. But what of a case just reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has boon writing to tho Eng. Ush papers about tho minos in Dnrmnii. 5Cr Parker aays : — " At tho soooud mino thorn is an old Ohlnceo patrlureh ; ho Ib 75 years of age, and has boon 40 ycur in tho country, smoking opium steadily all tho timo. He keeps a drag shop, and seems to bn very much respected in tbn neighborhood," No woudor. That mnn has earned a titlo to respect. Ouo who can emoko opium steadily for 40 years might fairly bo rcg&rdod; as establishing a record in his own parttouiar lino. Hard eases are said to mako bad laws. Unquestionably tho case of that ancient Celestial play tho dotioo with eomo cherished notion. Tho following was forwarded to mo Iho othor day. It speaks for iteolf, and "in these times of depression," oto., do.: — "Fino weather and a good attendance favored Tim Herald social tho other night. Tho ground was in excellent condition, aua the wlokot everything that could bo desired. The fol lowing are among tho result Tho quintette faced tho starter in a man ner that rellootod tlio highofit credit on their trainer. Botting ony all round. Passed tho judge's box without tbo difference of a demUomiqunvor botwoon tho fivo. In a few earnest words Mr Hunna introdacod tbo Kelynukaphone. Xbu rov. gontlomaa treated tho subjeot with ouurgyand pathos, and through his moans tho congregation wore edified by truthful delineations of Fishor, Marshall Lylo, Robert Walsh, E. G. Fitz gibbon and others of tho Early Fathers. Mr " Nick " Foullludo then stepped into tho arena, and, after a lively rally, succeeded In getting his violin into chancery, and, kooplng it there, brought a tusslo tlmt delighted his audionoo to a successful fiuisb. As Alpine tonrists, Messrs Day and Pullen displayed rare enthusiasm, and " in spito of all temptation" from old man or maiden, carried the Excelsior colors to tho front. MoBSrH.M'Ivlornin and Blackburn wore woll forward about this timo, and by a combined effort secured a woll-morltod mark. Moro will bo hoard of theso players. A brief lootaro by 5(r Pullman on tho moral character of tho Wohr-Wolf was rccoivod with scientific Approbation, aud soma comic gyrations wero rendered by as good artists as ovor sab in a boat." A fow moro gcucrul remarks followed, bat as they seamed of a eoinowbat too meta physical character, I havo kopt thorn for future reflection. Such subjoot nro too weighty for harried roadiugs. 