WAS IT A a HOST TUEY SA IT 1 Mrs. H. H. J KNNING9 lives at No. 211, Main Stroet, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with tier. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a POUI in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-pasteleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the par lour the merry humour died out of them In a second, Kightin themiddleofthcroomstooda dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part nf his face was concealed by a mask, nis eyes gleaming through tlio eyeholes in It. His shirt-sleeves weic rolled up, and in ono band he carried a long old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from ibe room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows sccurely locked. What was it. the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," wiites an Americau friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by mhal teemed like the falling of my name; and at the foot of the bpd stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey alio was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in pnrfect health now. I be lieve that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it eiuoe, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the uerves. Why, thcro'e 110 end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Poster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hunts, wrote us as follows:- I WAS SO DREADFULLY NERYODS I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them faraway in case I should call out for help. This was in Jane, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gouc to beil. There was often a severe paiu in my head and over my eyes, aud I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, tly-nnd-by I bad to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. Hy this time I was nothing but .kin and bone. Mv MBMORY oompTctely failed. My head achei so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself onoe just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medi cine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the weok 1 treat downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I cau eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left mo." The inslady Mis. foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia aud nervous prostra tion, The original cause was grief aud shock at the violent death of her husband, by aoci rtent, and the system rallied only when the .Syrup had giveu new vigour to the digestion and thus fea and toned the nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most ontianny visions and snuuds mean uothing more or leu than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion anil dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who see; them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup doet its work the eyea and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 