THE STORYTELLER. TWO. [BY ETTA W. PIERCE.] PART III. He set his heel upon the little shining band, and ground it into the dust. " You weak, puny girl !" he cried, seiz- ing my hands roughly. "How dare you torment me so P For every pang you give me, I shall punish you twice over. If I can't break that will of yours I can make you suffer yes, and I will." " Good-bye, Robin," I answered, sadly. With a dark look, he whirled sullenly round and left me. In the house, Gabrielle, slip-shod and cross, sat caressing her calls, and staring off with a frowning face on the Danbury road. r"¿Father's gone, Marcia," she sulked. " I don't care. He accused me of such spiteful things - trying to lure Robin away from you, and all that. I told you his mind was broken. We quarrelled, and he's off again to the tavern, I suppose." " Oh, Gabrielle !" was all I could say, " I don't care, I tell you," she repeated, angrily. "I'm sure it would be better 1 for us to let him drink himself to death at once, and have done with it." I went out to the gate and looked up .? and down the road, but saw nothing of father. Tea time passed-it grew dark still he did not come. Gabrielle was dancing about the porch, her slip-shod feet twinkling white as snow, a love song fluttering on her lips. "Ah, with him, with him to wander Through the wide world-only his Heart and hope and heaven to squander On the wild wealth of his kiss !" I put on my hat and shawl. '. Going for father ?" she drawled. " Yes." " Well, good bye, Marcia-you deserve i a better lot, I'm sure. I ought to go down on my knees to you. Good bye, you poor patient darling." Till my dying day I shall remember her as she stood there under the hop vines, with tears in her great witching eyes, and those half mocking words on after lips. I started for the tavern. It was already dark, and I walked rapidly, thinking only of father. On either side of the way, in the houses where the fever ' had entered, the lamps of anxious watchers twinkled like stars through the night. From the woods across the river I heard the owls hooting, and the stealthy, hot wind crept after me through the roadside thickets, like treacherous footsteps. And "neared the tavern, my heart beat like a trip hammer. I had never ventured on such an errand before. The townspeople called it a bad and disorderly house, and my courage began to fail me as I crossed the bridge and saw the lights shining along its dingy facade. But I thought of peer father and pressed on. An abrupt turn in the road brought me to the very door, and into the full glare of the lamps that burned along the front of the house. The noise that broke upon me here was appalling. On the wooden benches, all about the door, men were telling, smoking, swearing, singing songs -such men as I had never seen or heard before. Terrified, I turned to fly ; but it was too late they had seen me. With an oath, a burly figure started up from among them, strode after me, and caught me roughly by the shoulder. " Not so fast, my dear," he said, in a thick voice; "let's have a look at you." By main force he drew me back into the light. " 'Pon my soul !" he cried " It's the pretty school ma'am down at the cross roads." Wild with shame and anger, I struggled to free myself. " Let me go !" I cried. " How dare you touch me P I am here to find my father." He peered down at me askance, and held me fast. " Her father !" he called to his comrades on the benches. " Is old summer Kerr here tonight?" " Inside, behind the bar," a voice answered ; " bring her up here, Joe. Them Kerr girls be beauties give us a look at her." I thought I should have died. With a wicked laugh, the man sought to draw me toward the door. I screamed aloud. As I did so a quick step echoed behind us, a fierce, biting blow from a whiplash sent the drunken wretch who held me staggering back against the benches, a hand tore me from him, and the flaming face of Doctor Lawrence came between us, and looked into mine. *. Miss Kerr," he cried, " in the name of God, what are you doing here ?" I answered him in one word "Father!" He had a cloak on his arm. He flung it suddenly over me, head and ears, and put me straight away behind him, out of the reach of those eyes at the door. " Go in, some of you," he commanded, sternly, "and bring out that man." Many of them were his mill hands. They sunk before his look like whipped curs. The fellow, Joe, went into the bar- room, and led my father out. I ran to him, seized his poor hand in mine, and dragged him, somehow, from the door, and down the road, never stopping to take breath till I had reached the bridge. Here I found that Doctor Lawrence was following close after us, leading his horse by the rein. I ou brave girl !" he said, looking at me steadfastly ; " you noble, heroic girl, , you must never do this again-never !" Father stopped short on the bridge, wrenched himself free, and stared at me in a wild crazed way, which I knew of old, and dreaded. "Go home, girl," he said, savagely; " who asked you to come for me ? I'm not going to be led by you to night. I'm going back to the tavern." Doctor Lawrence laid a firm hand on his arm. "No," he said, quietly, you cannot go back ; you must come with her. If I take you by force, you must come." Something in that magnetic hand laid the demon rising in poor father's brain. Doctor Lawrence turned him gently about and they walked away together-the wretched, shameful figure shambling on beside the stately, upright one, as docile as a child. Everything was dark silent, cheerless, when we reached the farm. No light burned in the window. I opened the door, and called to Ga relic, but' there was no answer. I cure, ed he ki> dien, groped my way to the hearth, and lighted a reluctant candle. I looked around the room it was empty. Gabrielle was not there. Not there-nor in any room above or below. I remember that I said good-night to Doctor Lawrence, waiting in the doorway; that I coaxed father into the bedroom, and locked the door safely on him, before I fled up stairs to the little chamber where Gabrielle and I had slept together for years. Some of her clothes were lying about trinkets she had worn, her slipshod shoes, and a ribbon from her hair. To my pillow she had pinned a slip of paper fluttered like a great moth in the gusts of air from the open window. I held the candle over it, and read these lines : " Robin has asked me to fly with him. For months, Marcia, I have loved him hopelessly with all my heart. He knows it now, and tonight I shall be his wife. It is mean-it is contemptible for me to leave you like this, but I cannot, like you, make love yield to duty. Forgive me and good bye." That was all. They had fled-gone together. I neither shrieked, nor west, I felt stunned, numbed, utterly weary and worn out. I sat down by the window to think, but sleep, deep and imperative, overtook me then and there, and I knew no more. A week or two passed. The heat deepened. The brazen sun grew more brazen daily in the hot, hard heaven. But one night, after weary waiting, the fatal drought broke-broke in a frightful storm of wind and rain-a shrieking, blinding, terrible storm, never to be forgotten. I had struggled home from school, drenched, torn, flung about like a feather on its steadily increasing violence, to find the house empty, father gone, the doors wide open, the kitchen flooded, and the chickens roosting on the dresser. I drove out the live stock, mopped the puddles of rain from the floor, and was coaxing a fire into life on the ashy, sodden hearth, when the door opened violently, and somebody strode into the room. I looked up, and saw standing at my shoulder, white, haggard, awful Robin Kane " " She is dead, Marcia !" he said, in a dreadful voice ; " dead of the fever, at Bradford, across the river Gabrielle !" The old kitchen whirled around me I shrieked out wildly : " Oh, Robin, you never mean it !" " Yes," he answered, with a dreadful laugh ; " it is our just punishment. Why did I take her there P Why did I marry her at all P I do not know, unless it was to wring your heart. I never cared for her in the least, and now this is the end ! It should be I lying over there dead to- night-not she. As God hears me, I feel like her murderer !" He gave me one look then opened the door, and, before I could utter a word, disappeared into the night again. Stunned and voiceless, I sat by the desolate hearths. Darkness fell, and the wind saved like a wolf in the chimney. The rain poured in torrents, and the thought of father not yet returned aroused me at last. I brought the lantern, lighted it, and wrapped myself in my hood and cloak, then fastened the door behind me, and started out into the storm. A terrible night, truly; full of the blackness of darkness, and shrieking gales that seemed to blow from all points of the compass-full of the tumult of rain pouring and thunder breaking, and river roaring. With Gabrielle's dead face close before my eyes, I took the old Danbury road, and started in search of father. I splashed through pools of rain, ankle deep. I was drenched to the skin at the very outset. With every gust my flaring lantern threatened to go out and leave me to plod my way in utter darkness. I heard, borne toward me on the wind, the clocks striking ten in the town. I pressed on. I came to the foot of a hill half-way betwixt the farm and the dreadful tavern. Here I had often met father staggering home, wretched and shameful. I stopped, and held up my lantern, and peered into the darkness for some sign of his coming. " Father !" I called, loudly. No answer. The river roared. The wind beat and buffeted me. Soaked and blinded, I struggled up the hill. Deep gullies channeled it-little torrents tore past me, down the rocks. It was a difficult way-a terrible way. Half up the ascent, I stopped again. " Father !" I called. " Where are you, father ? Are you coming, father ?" No answer-no answer. I went on to the top of the hill. Some- thing had fallen across the deep ruts there, and I stumbled over it, and the lantern slipped from my hand. I was so giddy I could hardly rise and pick up the weak, flaring light. Instinctively I turned to see what it was stretched, black and low, there in the way. I even stooped down and laid my hand upon it. A rusty, dubious figure, prone upon his face, the wind frolicking with his poor, shabby clothes and ragged white hair. I dropped my lantern again, and knelt down beside him, and lifted his head to my knee. "Father!" I tried to repeat, but my voice would not come again. How long I sat there I never knew. Very strange looked the night, and the gruesome sky overhead-very odd the flare of the lantern light on father, and on the deep ruts, and the wayside thickets of Barberry and hazel bushes was very heavy - was father - I thought, and very cold. There was no flush of drink on his face only a pinched, drawn look, pitiful to see. I wanted to awaken him to tell him the dreadful news about Gabrielle; but he lay so quiet, so rigid, that it seemed quite impossible. " It is a horrible dream," I said to myself ; " bye-and-bye I shall awake." I did in this wise. A mettled horse came tearing along the wild night road from Danbury. The lantern was still flickering feebly, and his rider must have seen me, even before he reached the summit of the hill. The beast stopped abruptly, and a man leaped from the saddle and strode up to me. I looked up listlessly and saw a tall, broad figure in a flapping cloak. " Great God ! is it possible ?" cried the voice of Doctor Lawrence. I motioned toward my father. "I am glad it is you," I said, wearily, " for you will tell me what ails him." He took up the lantern, and looked at him, as he lay on my knee. He lifted his hand one moment, then dropped it moved the poor gray head gently from my lap and raised me up. " Is he dead?" I asked, starting at last from my long stupor. " He is dead !" answered Doctor Lawrence. His arms received me as I fell, closed around me, and all was darkness. He carried me home in the saddle, before him-holding me as he held that dying child down in the Burke hovel by the river. The familiar faces of women from the neighbouring farms came and went through the house but his features remained steadfastly beside me through all that long, dark, doleful night. I could find no complaint to make to him, except that I was cold-body, heart and soul, bitterly cold ! He came up to me, as I sat shivering over the fire in the gray, gruesome dawn and a stormy flush darkened his face. With a look that I shall never forget, he bent over me, and gazed steadfastly into my eyes. Marcia," he began, in a hurried, stifled voice, " you are not alone I am here. Look at me ! I have a right to speak now. Oh, my darling, my darling, don't you know that I love you that I have loved you this long, weary while ?" Then, with a cry, he gathered me passionately into his breast. "I have loved you this long, weary while, so well, so well, Marcia, that I would have died and made no sign, rather than disturb your happiness for a single hour. But now-now that you are deserted -now that I see you suffer, how can I keep silent ? Oh, my darling ! come to me ! Cold ? Cannot the warmth of my heart reach yours is too late? Speak!" His bearded face bent over me, his brave arms folded me in his eyes looked into mine, full of strong love and yearn- ing. "Surely I am dreaming!" I cried, clinging to the broad breast that had interposed betwixt me and the world. "I am dreaming; but, oh, hold me fast don't let me wake 1" # # # # # Down the old Danbury road I walked one night, passed the ruined farm, and the school house at the cross roads. A year was over and gone, but the quiet landscape remained unchanged. Yellow barley waved in the fields ; drab coloured whip-poor-will sang on the burdock bushes ; the same owls hooted dolefully from the swamp lands. I sat on the old stone wall by the school house, and looked off at the low, purple west. The fruity blackberry vines clung to my dress like human fingers, the wild roses dropped their petals into my lap, and suddenly feet came crashing through the thicket beside me, and a man, pale of face, uncertain of step, leaned over the wall, and put out his arms to me with a cry. " Marcia ! Marcia !" said Robin Kane. I started up from the wall. It was like hearing a voice from the dead. I had not seen him since the day of Gab- Tickle's burial. " Robin !" I answered. " Is it really you, Robin ?" He advanced closer. He had aged greatly in one year - he seemed quite unlike the Robin of old. " Yes, it is I, Marcia," he answered, with panting breath, " come back come back to you, penitent, humble enough ready to go down on my knees to be for- given. Ah, girl, girl! You have not suffered-you are fresher, fairer, younger than ever. Well! That is right. It was I who sinned, not you." I began to comprehend him a little. "Let us forget the past, Robin," I " Forget it The folly, the sin of it, if you will, but nothing more, Marcia. Can you believe-will you believe that it was you-you only, that I loved in spite of all that I love still-that I must love so long as my heart shall beat ? Oh, Marcia, pity me-pity, they say is akin to love ; take me back into your heart again-love me as you loved me a year ago !" "Stop Robin !" I cried ; "you don't know what you say--" "I will not stop I will be heard-I will never leave you till you receive me again " Robin ! Robin ! Is it possible that you do not know that you have not heard-" " What ? " he cried, in a terrible voice. " That I am married-that I am the wife of Doctor Lawrence-his happy, happy wife-loved as I was never loved before-loving him, Robin, as I never loved, never could love you !" He stood and looked at me. His face, distorted with rage and passion, haunts me still. " You are happy !" he hissed ; " happy with another man ! Doctor Lawrence ! You made a fine exchange, certainly. You have got riches now, and position, as well as love, and you are happy Great Heaven ! why can't I strike you dead just as you stand !" " You are not wicked enough for that, Robin," I answered, calmly. " Besides hear my husband coming now. Go, and good-bye." As the doctor's buggy turned the corner by the schoolhouse, Robin leaped the wall and disappeared among the chestnut-trees beyond. I went slowly forward to meet the doctor. He lifted me to the seat beside him. "My darling," he said, gravely, " what is the matter ?" " I have seen a ghost, I answered, smiling through my tears. " Possible ? What did you do with it?" " Laid it for ever !" ("THE END.] 