[?] I vfl y\? U/bmY ST jR \$?>J [?] oRPon;sto.s- Rjf i cWDPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. c pC. T AVD II. —Winnie Blyth, a little lady, CHApTEa-7 1 on bv Jack Roberts, a sailor, and : Jj wooed a - they were married and left for ! rn'Sndth! Cape for Ceylon. The purser B wafe , A£r Frederick wallard, & sett-Minr-ient I j i -iTpt pars such attention to Mrs Roberts that i !dlSn« 'furiously jealous, and at last just as ! wfL ftsin bis telescope to allow her to take a Jnrae dolphins gambolling in the water, he PfP Js arm round ker waist presumably to steady I places iJ si 1 tbat moment Jack takes in the whole | per. J1£ encbes Wallaxd's arm from her waist, ,oe?!;her to the ground. With the expression I»q strike on h,g lipg -Vaiiara struck at I The next moment both were struggling on I &£ Roberts beneath. Then there was an ugly I f-S steel and the purser sprang to his feet with I fcfbanfto'fie side, and the red blood spurting I 5- IV.- After the ugly struggle I he4een Roberts and Wallard, the former is put m I ? yLt both ultimately recover, and at Winnie's I p-h n irho nurses them both to health again, I TCSnt reconciliation took place. A child, TbZ\ and the love of the mother is all for I iTiiW one. Jack Roberts deve.ops a selfish, I iint cruel nature, and habitually llltreats his I Sa Tiine Hie on. and after various vicissitudes | JS b »me I toe, beautiful girl. The mother I fete brio England, but there the child is stolen I from her, and Mis Roberts, poor and neglected, falls I AXD rART OF VI.— Wallard endeavors I to take advantage of Winnie's helplessness and shows I hera cheauefor £250 which shall be hers if she con- I cents to dine with him. He threw the cheque-book I carelesslv into the drawer. She, for the sake of her I child whom she learns is with Roberts in Ceylon, I consents to visit him. During the evening she drugs I his win', removes the cheque, and escapes. Next day I she leaves for India, but previously writes a penitent I letter to Wallard. I CHAPTER vi. (Continued.) I At Aden, however, she received a terrible ft fright. A gentleman in plain clothes, who I it was speeifily rumored about was a detective, 1 came on board. Winnie's heart almost stopped beating as he advanced in her direc- B tion , but be went down into the saloon, and presently be and the captain appeared to ff getbe rand took their way forward, and not ft long after they returned, for the detective ft bad found bis man— a pale-faced, unhappy - looking being, whom he had handcuffed, ft The officer's appearance was in strange con- I trastto that of the wretched man's beBide I him He was happy, jubilant, gay. Winnie felt sick and ill now, with thought. But she I dared not move lest she might attract atten- I tion. so she sat in her chair and pretended to K read. I _ Colombo at last, and now a more sicken- I dread awaited her. Her husband's I duties led bim very much among shipping. I Might be not come on board and find her. I And might not a detective come also. Tele- I grams fly everywhere now. Wallard might ft have — . She dared not conclude the awful thought. I . x nbe co®fiuft®d Brown indirectly. She ft felt very ill now, she said. Might she remain ea.1t daF Bad passed. Certainly she might, and he would see that ff turbed her. A little rest was just ff What she needed. ft oJj tke wen ky> and no one save the I &Ssllr;?eo,! came near her. I fi J eii.ades of evening fell, her fears I SlSV 6116 ar«se and dressed. The doctor, I tn Vior er ?iQ ore and even recommended ft to her a small, quiet hotel. I as ruT wha|- 1 ever thank you ?" she said, I « How c&n; I I mJ gratitude I Burton me at all," said the I I havfi ri'nn ?' " fip-heve me, dear lady, I "rxtugbut my.daty- Fa: I troubles." t00n Set over your ft morning full of hope I Slv nV10 TlSs poor mothS I S hfJrBth//ltare- to take her life in her ft little dan oR t Oilot herself as well as her I toftn like p ' un<er tke control of a I ftoraliv murad' knGW WeU Would 1)6 I bowever11"! 1 j re6train her impatience, 1 £bip in 1 er> ad fand out the name of the I «Ha» wZ sfed' and 8he that I now she felt JP!S |a een safely landed, and I _!6tle:felt that she wanted to rush straight away out to her husband's bungalow and clasp the child once more in her arms. But this could not be. There was much to be done, and she must do it carefully, scientifically. Winnie bad often taken part in theatricals, both at home and abroad, and could dress well, and look her part to perfec tion. She had provided for this, and now opened her boxes, and in less than an hour she was gotten up as an Indian lady of some standing and cas'.e. Boldly now she could issue forth. No one looked twice at her. Roberts himself might have passed her by and known her not. TTr first visit was to the bouse of an old servant, whom she had often befriended, but who had fled from Roberts's bungalow as soon as her kind mistress had gone. Weeba's sharp eyes detected Winnie at once, and she went almost wild with joy. But there was little time for the display of. feelings, the-poor mother being all impatience for the rescue of her daughter. In this Weeba gladly offered her services, and even agreed to return to England as Rose's ayah. And now Winnie commenced immediately- to put her plans into execution. Of one thing she was certain. It would be impossible to remain safely in the island for eight and forty hours after she had stolen her " baby." Roberts would at once raise the hue and cry, and a score of detectives would be on her track. So while Weeba was sent to prepare Rose to meet her mother, Winnie herself took her way harbor-wards. Tor tune favored her for once. TTrft was a dhow laden with paddy, arid all ready to sail for Zanzibar. Yes, the Arab owner — a tall and gentlemanly man— was willing to take passengers, and for English gold he would keep all as secret aud silent as the grave. He even proposed lying round in a little lonely bay, green fringed to the water's edge with coooa palms. Here he said be would await them, and there would be less chance of their being seen embarking. So paying the Arab a portion in advance, and telling him what extra stores to lay in, Winnie .went- back to Weeba's house, with high hope in her heart. Here, to her surprise and delight, she found her ohild. "Oh, mamma, mamma," cried Rose, " I'm too — too happy to speak," and cuddled up there in her mother's arms, she laughed and cried by tarns, and Anally went off to sleep. Oh, the joy of this hour J Winnie thought nothing of Wallard now ; neither grief nor trouble reached her heart. All she knew now was that her child was safe in her arms, close in her beazt. Rose awoke at last with a happy smile, and then she was told all she must do. That very night, her mother and the old nurse would come for her, and she must steal quietly out from her father's room, where she slept. Before daylight they would all be comparatively safe. And so it happened. , For at a very early hour next morning, an Indian lady, with an ayah and little Rose, presented herself at the booking-office of the railway station, and took tickets for Randy. The clerk knew Rose. He nodded and smiled to her. << You are early astir, Miss Roberts," he said. Rose blushed a little. " We want to get nn before the day gets too warm," she re plied. At eleven o'clock that morning, Roberts Viinrmflif came to question the clerk. - Roberts was red and excited. The clerk told him everything, and he at once telegraphed in every direction apparently, then took a ticket himself for Randy. But Winnie and her companions quietly left the train at a village not far from Colombo. And here till shades of evening fell, they lay perdu. Then commenced a long hot march shore war da. It was very dark, though a few Btars were ont, and fireflies danced and flitted by every bosh. But Weeba was an excellent guide, and at hist they reached the bay and were safely em barked. » „ « Winnie was a criminal in one sense, but she was neither a skilled nor a clever one. She had -made one terrible mistake — namely, in writing that letter to Wallard. He had awakened with a racking headache early in the morning, and finding himself lying on the sofa, began to press his brow with his hand, and try to think. " Too mnch wine !" he said to himself. " Oh, I remember now, I put a little brandy in the -wine for Winnie's sake, and I drank, that sherry as if ih had not been fortified. Fool ! that I have been. Then I must have fallen asleep, and so — she left me. I wonder if I gave her the cheque." He staggered to his feet, and examined his drawer and cheque book. "Yes," be Eaid, " I must h'ave given it to ranbanihnhmffffffbbbnaanffbmkm AWL is a <S£.??tgememteBr nothSng-no'"g, At one o'clock that day be received Winnie's He perused it sleepily for a time. Ahen sprang to his feet. "Cursed ass that I have been !" he cried she has fooled me and foiled me." ' . Hb was about to tear the letter up to cast it in the grate. But suddenly he stayed his hand, and put it safely away in his pocket- book. " Thar will do another day, Mrs Roberts," he said, nodding and smiling to himself in the glass. "Another day, Mrs Roberts. Everything comes to those who can wait." For months afterwards this man met every packet that returned from India, but he never saw Winnie. But never once did he lose heart. " My day will come," he said. This was the remark from which he found the greatest comfort. Alas ! for him, his day did come, and. in a way he had never dreamt of. CHAPTER VII. —Captain Gtbegoby or the Abctic Queen. How sweet a thing is rest ! How delightf ol to a tired and weary mariner is the com parative calm that succeeds a wild-wind Btorm at sea, when squall or gale has fled far away, carrying before it the dark deep curtain of cloads that, but a few short hours before, hong pall-like over ship and ocean ; the curtain through which lightnings flashed and glared and shimmered blue and crimson, till the very waves seemed waves of blood or flame ; the curtain that seemed to hide great guns fired incessantly by unseen hands, with a sound so awful that the hurricane wind was unheard, and the bewildered sailors, as they clntched at arid clang to the black, wet rigging or stays, could but believe that the vessel was being torn into timbers beneath their very feet J How sweet then the rest that morning brings, as the star light fades and pales in a sky now clear and deep ; as the orange- gleam of dawn spreads upwards in the East, as crimson featiier-clonds, streak the sky, and the red sun leaps smiling above the distant horizon, while Nature bends down from the heavens, smoothing and soothing all things as a fond mother soothes her cradled babe. How sweet is rest I How sweet is rest — the rest that say, some summer's morning brings to the weary in valid who for weeks has lain racked with pain in the sick chamber, from which hope itself for a time has fled. Rest after days and nights of sleepless agony. Rest that BOSE DISCOVERS HEE MOTHS B IN '-EA&8. the ailing one never expected to find except in the grave ; rest that he can hardly yet believe has really come at last, albeit ont there on the trees he ean see beneath his window the sweet sunbeams glance and glitter, as the breeze goes whispering through the foliage, as the glad swallows with joyful twitter go flitting hither and thitfier, feeding their young ones on the wing. - The sunlight sparkles on the waves as if showers of precious stones were falling un seen from skywards : the sunshine dances on the leaves as if each leaf nursed a dia mond. The sunshine speaks to the sailor's heart, and he laughs aloud for the joy that is in him, while sail after sail is loosened to woo the breeze, and the ship itself appears instinct with a new-found life and hope. And Nature in the sunshine speaks to the invalid thus : " Cheer up, poor, weary one, be calm and hopeful now. See how gaily the flowers are springing, how joyfully the tassel led tree nods in the perfumed air, how trustfully the crimson flowers of the rhodo dendrons looked sun ward, how sweetly the red bells of the tall, -bee -haunted jox -glove qstand out against the bracken's green, how the roses and the syringa vie with each other in wafting their odors on the summer breeze, and how contentedly the blackbird sings bidden in thickets of spruce ! I am Nature, but I am not always nnkind. I obey , laws over which I have no control. I obey the behests of the Great Unseen, whose laws are evenly balanced, afflictions are nought save blessings in disguise, and the good follows the seeming evil as daylight follows darkness, or sunshine follows storm. Be hold, I bring you peace, I bring you rest." Thus spoke or seemed to speak to Winnie Roberts, a still, small voice, when two years after the events I have tried to de scribe in the last chapter, she found her self settled down in a small village in the far north Gf Scotland with ber little daughter Rose. On her arrival in England she determined to go into hiding and place as many miles as possible between herself and the man W allard ; between herself, too, and the agent of her husband who might once more try to xob her of her child. Winnie possessed two talents that she thought might be better appreciated beyond the . Tweed than in England itself — music and painting. Both she could and if fortune would but begin to favor ber it would be easy, by her earnest efforts, to sufficient money for herself an d Rose, audio keep the gaunt wolf, hunger, from 1 their cottage door < Yes, cottage door, for that describes their humble home exactly. In a small village it was, on the eastern shores of Abei deenshire , and not far from a town that has sent more brave hearts to the Arctic regions, than all the other places in Scotland or England com bined. Indeed, from the front windows of fhia little cot in the suburbs of the village, they ; could catch glimpses of the far off sea, some times blue and beautiful and calm, at other times wild and storm- tossed, the giant waves tossing their white manes against the dark ling sky, but whether peaceful or the reverse, somehow, the sea had always a charm for Rose and her mother. They had thought themselves lue-ky indeed to find so pretty a little cottage. It seemed really as if it had been waiting for some such tenants. Five rooms, no more, nor were the zooms large, but the house was solid, dry and comfortable. There was a garden in front, and a lawn behind sur rounded and- shaded by trees, while in the sweet summer- time, roses clung on the walls and nodded bonnily in through the windows, and a mass of golden honeysuckle olnstered round the porch. People wondered at first who the lonely lady was who called herself Mrs Roberts, and was said to be a widow. She was English, they knew from the first. English, and therefore no doubt possessed some money or means, and would therefore be Btnck-np, aB they phrased it, and- far too good to associate with such humble folks as they were. But when Winnie advertised in her window that she would receive pupils for music and drawing,- then it got rumored abroad that the lady — she was always called the lady — had come through some great grief, and had been reduced to poverty. So the good old clergyman or minister called first, and was so charmed with Winnie, with her sad voice and gentle mein, and with her artless and beautiful daughter, that he did all in his power to assist her. There were many wealthy farmers in the neighborhood, and a few resident gentry as well, so that a month had hardly passed away before the lady had pupils enough, and then there was no more fear of starvation. Weeba, the strangely-dressed ayah, was an object of great attraction to the simple villagers. Would she, they wondered, wear those thin cotton rags when winter's winds began to howl over bill and brae, or would she dress less like a Pagan and more like a Christian ? Bat they did not forget, never- theless, to way'ay poor Weeba when ever a reasonable chance presents 1 itself, and try to worm ont of her the history of Winnie and Rose. As well might they have tried to elicit the story of bygone rimes from an ancient oak. Weeba knew nothing. She told them nothing, and she told it in suoh broken English, that her anxious enquirers were just as wise as before, no more and none less. . . There was a' mystery about Winnie and ber daughter, therefore, and the mystery remained, but really it was this mystery — or rather the desire to unravel it — that led to the lady's success, though all else -apart, she played charmingly, and she bad two gifts which stood her in good need as a teacher, patience and innate good-nature. Rose, too, played very sweetly, not only on the piano, but on the zither. Was it any wonder, then, that calmness stole down and took possession of Winnie. It would have been a holy calm save for the one dark spot in her former history, the ap propriation of Wallard' s money. She never could think of that awful night at his villa, without feeling as if a cold dead hand were clutching at her heart, - But her one aim and object in life must now be to save money to repay the man. Then and then only could she be really happy, truly at peace. And of Winnie's crime, it is almost need less to say her innocent child knew nothing. Yet that crime was a ghost that many times and oft at themidnight hour, when Rose's white eyelids were closed in slumber, stalked through the cottage rooms and kept poor Winnie wide awake. But she had not cat herself off entirely from the outside world. There were two papers that came by post to her regularly week after week. One was the " Ceylon Ob server," the other " The Western Mercury." Some day, she thought, either of these might tell a tele. So the time flew by, one year, two years and nearly three, and returning from a wild flower expedition one day, Rose, now a fair and fragile but tall girl, found her mother lying on the little couch, a newspaper on the floor, and her weeping face buried in the cushions. She flew to her ride and tried, to raise her np. " O, mother dear, little mother," she cried, "what is it? What-is it ? Tell me, mother, tellyour. Rose. Mother, mother, speak?" The mother sat up. She was calmer now, though very pale. " Rose, my darling," sho said, "you are rather .more- than a child now. It Is well y<m skoffid know. Trior father is dead." If RoBe bent her head and shed tears, it was more in sympathy with her mother, than for any love she bore the man who had never behaved as a father to her. Mrs Roberts sent Weeba with excuses to ber pupiTs that evening, She could not go out, nor could she see anyone. But when Weeba was gODe, she gathered Rose to her arms, and told her in sad, but resigned tones, all the story of her childish love in Ghoolah woods, and Rose herself knew how that dream of joy had ended. If it were possible, mother and daughter loved each other better than ever now. There was nothing between theZn — save the crime- each loved and trusted the other with a love that nothing on earth could alter. -i £an and. by or over thirty years, bold, bluff Captain Gregory, of the Arctic Queen, had sailed back and fro to " the country," as Greenland is ever called by sealing or whaling sailors. He had come to own the Arctic Queen in pavt, and a bonnie ship she was. No sea that ever swept across the wild Northern Ocean, could stave or sink her, no wind that ever blew bad laid her on her beam ends, when Gregozy himself was on deck. _ But storms before now bad blown the sticks out of her, seas had carried her bowsprit off, and great green waves had smashed ber boats and wrecked her winch, and battered and tore at ber bulwarks, till tbey looked more like sheep bardies than anything else that could be named. But. the skipper was dauntless, and bis r strength and sailing capabilities of his bonnie barque was like a man-child's faith in a loving father. It had been proposed by the other owners to make the Arctic Queen a steamer. " What for ?" thundered Gregory at the meeting, and he brought his fat, red fist to the table with a bang as he spoke. 1 ' What for, I wonder ?" he cried. " I can do all and moie with my sailing barque than ever I could with a puffing old tin kettle. Gentle men, there isn't a ship sails to the country that can go so close to the wind, or come round in lees sea-room, or ran before the wind, or lay to so handsomely as the ArotiG Queen. Steam indeed! Don't name it to me agam, or I'll sell ont and Jack her np. I'm a sailor ; yon fellows have never been a mile from a cow's nose in all your born days Pardon my plainness , bnt no steamer for me. thanks." So no more had been said about turning the Arctic Queen into a puffing old tin kettle, and to do him justice it must be admitted that in any five years of her cruising the barque bad brought home as many skins as any steamship afloat. So Captain Gregozy had some reason to be prond of bis barque. Now this good skipper's ship was his wife, as every true sailor's ship should be — well, till he get's married, at all events. But Gregory was a bachelor. It somehow never occurred to him to marry. He had probably never met any one that acted load stone- fashion on bis sailor heart. Besides, every December be began to prepare for Ids voyage Pole-wards, and every February saw bis barque's prow pointed towards the Arctic Regions. Then it used to be well on in June or J nly before he returned, and what with unloading and one thing and another mcnths soon slipped away, giving him little time to indulge in the pleasures or gaieties of life on shore. But one summer, in the very last week of May— and what I am about to relate happened just a year after Winnie had seen the announcement in the Ceylon news papers, that caused her tears to flow — the Arctic Queen returned home most unex pectedly. Mr Anderson, the chief owner, was just sitting down to breakfast, wbeu it was reported that she could be seen stand ing in towards the shore and signalling for a pilot. Mr Anderson jumped up, and went to the top of his house to see for himself. Yes, there was the barque right enough, all taut and trim and very deep in the water. She must be a hamper ship, he thought, as he hurried away harborwards, forgetting all about his breakfast in the excitement of the moment. As soon as she was near enough he conld see the heap of glittering fresh-water ice twixt fore and main, which porters from every hotel in town had already assembled with tubs to'feecure. He conld see, also, the beaming face of Captain Gregory on the quarter" deck, waving his red silk hankerohief . . shore ward s. A bumper ship ! I should think she was. Never before had such a splendid cargo of sealskins been brought into the harbor. "Hi! old man," cried the skipper, jubilantly, to Anderson as be shook bands with all a sailor's heartiness. " Where are your puffing tin kettles now P Away astern, aren't they?" " I'll never say a word against a sailing craft again as long as I live," said Ander son. But Captain Gregory's triumph was com plete when, just a fortnight after this, two steamers came in "clean." That Is without a cargo. So the bold skipper of the Arctic Queen would have all the sweet summer before him to enjoy in his own country, and this bad not happened before for years. His share of the profits, too, was by no means inconsiderable, and so, sailor-like he determined to give himself a little enjoy- ment. He could not be seen, every evening, at some out-door tea party, or on some tennis lawn or otiier, and everybody said he looked the jolliest of the jolly. To be sure, he affected to dress like a landsman, and even wore a silk hat, but there was that about him which told everyone he was a true son of Neptune dress as he might-. One evening In particular— but Btay, I'll begin another chapter. CHAPTER VIII. — " Skipper Gregory was - a Sly Dog." One evening in particular, in his way from the town, Gregory had dropped in to spend a pleasant hour or two at . the house . of the chief owner, Mr Anderson, who, as the skipper had told his mate that day in language more plain than elegant, had " a a tea fight on." In other words, the Ander- v sons were giving a garden party. Captain Xra„nrxr arraved In all the glory of a neaS eieessirely shinyrilk fcat, bat I am not certain tbat a aonVeater wonldnot have become this weather-beaten sailor bettor. 1 never can think that a round and rubicund face looks best Bnrmounted by the tall hat of commerce; and Gregory's face was particu larly round and rubicund, and as brown in point of fact as the back of my fiddle. Pleasant withal, however ; albeit the whiskers had to some slight extent borrowed the hue of the Polar snow fields, for the good skipper always had a smile for everybody, and no one could look at him without feeling that that smile had its origin deep down in the bottom of an honest and truthful heart, which some how always felt more for other people than for its owner. Gregory lived very much out of himself as it were, he possessed no large stock of inner consciousness ; he was apt to forget ail about himself and invariably took more interest in the welfare and happiness of other people than in those of " plain Tom Gregory" as he called himself, when talking to his friends. Now on this evening, or afternoon, af ter Tom had chatted pleasantly fbr a time with his hostess and others of his acquaintance, and swallowed about half-a- dozen cups of tea, the cups being so small and not hoid- a tenth as much as the mugs used on board ship, this sailor wandered about somewhat listlessly. It was very hot even for the ' people of this island, and it felt doubly, trebly hot to him, not long arrived from Northern ice-fields, and he was wishing he conld divest himself of his broadcloth coat, and wander about in his shirt-sleeves as he did in his own garden at home. Presently his attention was attracted by the sound of music that was very dulcet indeed, and by the sweet voice of a young girl singing an old sea song. „ THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE. The morn \yas fair, the sky was clear, No breath came o'er the sea, When Mary left her Highland cot, And wandered forth with me. Though flowers bedecked the mountain side, And fragrance .filled the vale ; By far the sweetest flower there, Was the Rose of Allandale. Gregory listened, entranoed and enrap tured. It was the zither that was being played, but though he could not see the singer owing to some intervening bushes, he felt sure she was as pretty as the song she sang. Where'er I wandered east or west, When fate began to lower, A solace still was she to me, In sorrow's lonely hour. When tempests lashed our gallant hark, And rent each shivering sail, One maiden form withstood the storm — 'Twas the Rose of Mlandale. And when my f eveiM lips were parched On Afric's burning sands, She whispered hopes of happiness, And tales of distant lands. My life had been a wilderness Unblest by fortune's gale, Had fate not linked my lot to hers — The Rose of Allandale. (to be continued.) 