MINING ON PRIVATE LANDS BILL. to the editor ok the daily telegraph. Sir, — 111 your leader on the above subject in to;day's Daily 'Telegraph yon say, " the landowner has no right to any gold that may lie under the surface except when the lnml is held tinder mineral conditional pur" chase." Now, in mineral conditional pur chases "all gold and mines of gold" are specifically reserved to the Crown. Then you say that tho title to gold is " held by the Crown in all cases except where it has been surrendered by special transference." Here, again, you aro in error, for under 110 form of alienation is gold specially transferred or ill fact transferred in any way. It is simply u question not of "transference" hut of " reservation." And here, I may in form you, that oven in mineral con ditional purchases selected for tho special purpose of mining thereon for minerals other than gold, those minerals aro not transferred to the purchaser, but tho land is alienated " without reservation of minerals oilier than gold." Then as to your law. You say: "This l ight (to tho gold) has been so carefully safe guarded by the State as the public trustee that ill occasional instances it has boon coil, sidercd expedient to specially reserve it, a course which, inasmuch as tho titlo con tinued iu all cases where it had not been specially transferred, was superfluous, and at best only made a certainty doubly sure." Now I have already pointed out that in no caso is cither gold or other minerals specially trans ferred. If, then, we find that in some cases the common minerals aro not reserved, hut that gold is reserved in ono and the same grant, I contend that tiie common minerals were intended to pass with the land to the landowner, whilo tho gold being by express stipulation reserved it remains the property of the vendor — the Crown. Now lotus go hack to the genesis of tlicso matters. In the prcamblo to tho Act authorising the Constitution Act wo find that tho Imperial Parliament conferred ample powers on our local Legislature to dispose of the Crown lands in such manner »a sun a +L All rrb f. o A UIO'l Elf. 'imlji.f. A of. TlVrt. vides that " the entire management and control of the waste land belonging to tho Crown iu the said colony, and also the appropriation of the gross proceeds of tiio sales of any such land and of all other pro- coeds and revenues of the same from what ever source arising within tho said colony, including all royalties, mines, anu minerals, shall bo vested in the Legisla ture of the said colony." This being tho ease, what did our Legislature enact '! Section 3 of the Laud Act of 1861 provides that "Any Crown lands may ho lawfully granted in fee simple . . . under and subject to the porvisions of this Act, but not other wise. And the Governor, with the ad vice of the Exccutivo Council, is hereby authorised, iu the uanie aud on be half of her Alajesty, so to grant or dedicate any Crown lands. Now "this Act " provides many methods of alienating Crown lands, and it also provides that " tho Governor, with tho advice aforesaid, may make regulations for carrying this Act into full effect, so as to provide for all proceed ings — forms of grants and other instruments, etc." Hence we find iu section 18, which applies to all classes of ordinary condi tional purchases that on completion of the conditions "a grant in fee simple, but with reservation of any minerals which the land may contain shall he made to tho then rightful owner whilo sec. 14 provides that if such lands were within a goldficld when selected and were afterwards found to contain gold, they might be resumed; and this provision has on several occasions been acted on, hilt only (until more recent legislation was passed) when the selection was made on a goldficld, and not otherwise. Land selected by volunteer land orders aro subject to tho same conditions, except when such lands have been previously offered at auction but not sold. Now let us look on the other side and take auction sales. Hero we find no reservation of any kind — no matter whether they wero town lands, suburban or country lands, tliey were sold free from mining reservations of any kind to the highest bidder, and the Crown grant iu sucli eases sot3 out tlic land as Being tho land sold as lot — , under the advertise ment dated xxx., with the rights and appurtenances whatsoever thereto belonging, to hold unto the said , his heirs and assigns for ever. Then the grant provides for tho reservation of the right to take land for public ways, canals, and railways, and also sand, claystone, gravel, and indigenous timber. Now, these reservations arc acted upon, hut it is customary for the State to pay for what it takes. Afy contention is that when reservations aro provided in some cases, and not ill others, it was llio clear intention in the latter cases that such reservations were not to he made. The same reservations aro made with respect to im- prOVUniCIU JJulcuu&ua; umi mtui aus-wiuu ouiuy- tions as iu tho caso of auction sales ; and, therefore, I submit that in these cases the minerals have passed with tho fee-simple of ho land, and the Crown is hound as firmly ou the ono sido as the landowner is on the other. The State liad full power to provide for the reservation of minerals in all eases, and as it did so in some instances and failed to do so in others, the legal construc tion must he that it made these provisions, or failed to make them, with full know ledge and intent. Take tho case of the 100ft. reservations ou the fore shores of the harbor, etc. Where the reservation i3 made we insist oil being respected, and if tho owner of tho land wishes to purchase tho reservation ho has to pay tho full value of the laiul. On tho other hand, if the reservation is not in lliu grant, wo never dream of enforcing it, and, no doubt, it would ho an unprofitable dream if we attempted it. Here, then, is the position with respect to the enactments of our own Legislature, aud by which we aro undoubtedly bound. But in the caso of gold we some what illogically fall hack behind our own legislative oversight, and trust to the un written cominon law of England, and I should like to hear the opinions of some of the hawlers against the proposed tribute to the landowner, when the gold has not been resorved, if tho same common law of England was resurrected and made to over ride our own Staluto law if such resurrec tion was against their interest instead of in favor of it. I find I havo occupied so much spaco with this part of my argument that I must deal very slightly with the other portions of your leader. Briefly, then, let mo point out that my desire is to deal justly and equitably with all parties. I wish to make it as easily and cheaply as possible for the miller to get oil these private lands, and, therefore, the com pensation payable will ho very slight, whilo the rent of 5s per aero, as against £1 per aero rent for Crown lands, will not ill many cases he more than the land is worth for grazing or agricultural purposes, many of these lauds having cost the owner £3 to £5 per acre. I think, however, it is better to distribute the payment as far as possible, so that if tho mine is not a success, the miner will only have a small compensation and a low rent to pay. If he finds a valuable mine, he can afford to pay 6d in tho £, which, it ho wero earning £3 per week, would amount to tho enormous burden of 18d per week, and even then thero is a provision for tho rent merging into tho tribute. I know a great deal of the views of miners, having been con tinuously in tho business for nearly 40 years, and I say that no legitimate miner would think of raising the slightest objection to tlicso terms, and moreover, I venture to say that thero is no instance at tho present tiino whero such liberal terms aro oonceded for milling on private lands. The minerals belong to the whole people, and not to the miners, any more than agri cultural land belongs to tho farmers free of charge, or the fish to the fisherman free of license. And so far as the minor is con cerned, it makes 110 difference to him whether lie pays tho 2.'. per cent, lo the landowner or to tho State. It is, therefore, reduced to the simple question : .Should the State forego tiio royalty ou the gold whero it 1ms not been reserved, and hand it over to the landowner ;u; some solatium for having started the ghost ' of English common law on his track when lie j ought to lie defended by the statute law of i his own country'.'— Yours, etc., i HENRY COPELAND. I 