LAYING A FOUNDATION STONE1 AT WOLLONGONG. Tho foundation stone of St. Michaol'a Church of England parsonage, Wollon gong, was laid yesterday afternoon by t he Very Rev. tho .Dean of Sydney. At 2,15, tho timo appointed lor conimcncing tho ceremony, there was a numerous gathering of members of the congrega tion and of tho public. A spaco for tho stono had been left by the contractor underneath the principal bedroom win dow at. the eastern end of tho parsonage, and at this end of tho building — facing thu church — a platform had been pre pared. Punctually at tho time an nounced Dean Oowpor, the Rev. F, Elder (tho incumbent), the Rev. J. Stack (Church of England, Dapto), and the church wardens came forth from the church and took up positions 011 the platform. Amongst those assembled were tho Rov. J. W. Dowson (Wesleyan minister) aud Mr. A. Campbell, M.P. The Rev. F. Elder said they pur posed presenting an address to the Dean. Mr. IIosicing then read tho following address: — \ r' To the Very Rev. Wm. Bl. CowrEit, M.A., Vicnr-General, Donn of Sydney. Very Rov. and Dear Sir, — On behalf of tho parishioners and members of St. Michaol's congregation, wo desire to give you n hearty wolcomo on tho occasion of your visit to this parish for the putpo'so of laying tho foundation Btone of St. Michiiol's parsonage. We aro pleased ' and feel honored with you pvcsonco horo to-day to perform the important ceremony ymr have so willingly and kindly undertaken, and t'ust that heavonly blessings will rest upon your lsbors. On behalf of tho parish, wo aro tnanklul that it nns pleased Almighty God to spare yon for so many years in ministering so ably and ofi'oct ually to the wauls of His pooplo, and pray that tho long and faithful sorvico you have rendered to the church in this colony may continuo for many years. In conclusion, wo hope it will 1105 be long beforo you pay another visit to this pariah to help on thu great Mastor'n work. Signed, 011 bohalf of St. Michaol'a parishioners, by the members of the build ing committoe, namely : — Frank Elder, Incumbent. ; J. W. Hosking, ) phll.-,, I H. O. MacCabe, } wS., 1 Alex. Biogar, ) hardens.. ; Alfred A. Turner;,' Wm. K. Bate', . ; . J. H. Morell. Wollongong, May lOf.h, 1893. Tho Dean, in response, said he was taken entirely by suiprise in haying an address of this nature presented to him. lie thanked them most heartily : for tho address and for the very kind words in which it was expressed. Many years had elapsed siuce he was permitted to visit Wollongong to perform tur eccle siastical duty. He remembered preach ing in the church here some 25 years ago, both morning and evening, and though ho had since passed through Wollongong on one or two occasions, he had not stayed in the town to perform any religious duty. He felt a very great interest in his dear friend Mr. Elder, whose father he so well knew for many years. Mr. Hosking's father, or grandfather, or both, were also , known to him some years ago. He trusted the work they were now about to engage in would add very greatly to the comfort of the incumbent, and bo to the advantage of the parishioners. Might God's bless ing rest upon him, and upon the parish, and upon all around, for the honor and glory of God and for the salvation: of souls. The hymn — ' O God, our help in ages past' — was then sung. The church choir took part in tho singing, and Mrs.. Elder accompanied on the harmonium. Tiie Dean said it was customary, when erecting a public building, to lay a foundation or corner stone. '.In ac cordance with this custom, they were now assembled to lay the- . foundation stone of a building dedicated to the service of God. It was written — '[Unless the Lord build the house, their lalbor is lost that build it; unless the' Lord keep the city, their labor is in vain that keep it.' Let them pray for tho Lord's bless ing on this undertaking. ' Tiie Dean then offered up a' prayer to be said at the laying of a foundation stone. The Incumbent read tho lOlst' psalm, after which the Dean recited a creed. The Rev. F. Elder, after apologising for tho absence of Messrs MacCabe, Gunning, and Taylor, who were unavoid ably absent, said there had been special circumstances which had somewhat cause! the delay in laying the founda tion stone. It was known to most of them that some time ago the Primate passed through the distriot ou his way down tho South Coast. They would have asked him then to lay the stone; but found he could not stop. They then decided to ask the Dean to lay it, , and lie had now come amongst them for i that purpose. This was a matter of very great interest to hitn, for coming to reside on that spot would save him between BOO and 600 miles a year-in coaling to the town. That travelling, coming upon the rest of the work of the parish, was a somewhat serious item. He was sorry to say that as yet there had not been much money raised in the district for the parsonage. They had a loan of £400 from the Church Buildings Loan Fund, a grant of £50 fromSt. Philip's glebe, Sydney, and a loan of £300 from tho Centennial Fund. He did not know what was the exact amount, that hud been raised in the district, but he hoped that a considerable sum would be raised that day. The Incumbent having asked tho Dean to lay the stone, Mr. Wm. G. Coward, F.R.J.BA., of Sydney, the architect, presented the Dean with a beautiful silver trowel, on which was finely engraved tho inscrip tion — 'Presented by the architect to the Very Rev. Wui. Cowper, M.A., Dean of Sydney, on tho occasion of his laying tho foundation stono of St. Michael's Parsonage, Wollongong, May 10th, 1893.' The Dean, after thanking tho archi tect for the gift, laid the stone, observ ing — 'In the faith of Christ, and with the blessing of God, I lay this stone, the foundation stone of this parsonage, to be called St. Michael's Parsonage, in the name of the Father, and the. Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.'' The Dean, having offered up prayer, ?aid it was usual for the Bishop or liis representative to say a few words on an occasion of this kind, and I10 wished to act in accordance with that custom. He remembered being struck many years ago, in visiting Wollongong, by finding that thero was 110 parsonage, and he then thought tlmt it was to be regretted that 110 stops wero being taken towards the erection of a parsonago, for they were in tiio habit of looking upon a parsonage as a necessary building in a parish. After the erection of a building for worship of Almighty God, the erec tion of a ht.uso for tho minister had always been regarded as claiming first attention. There were very many advantages in having a parsonage. It was a source of greater comfort and of greater advantage to the clergyman to have a fixed residence. They had just heard from Mr. Elder what an amount of travelling he had to do. Travelling was perhaps a rather strange word to use 011 an occasion of this kind, but thero was 110 doubt that, in the dis charge of his duties, the incumbent, living at such a distance from the church as he now did, had a good deal of riding, driving, or walking to do. A permanent dwelling for the incumbent was, therefore, a very important matter. Ttgavea groater reality to the church in a place when the people knew where they could find their clergyman in case of sickness, difficulty, and trial, or any thing about which they might want to consult their pastor. They must remember that a clergy tin. 11 of the Church of England was a pastor over his people, and not a mere preacher. He was u shepherd of his llock — to watch over and tend them, visit them in their homes, advise and counsel them 111 times of difficulty, comfort them in times of sickness, and speak the word in season throughout the whole circlo of people committed to his cure. This was the idea in tho Church of England, though sometimes, ill thick populations, it became impossible to do this as fully as ono ought. Therefore, a clergyman should havo as little unnecessary travelling as possible so that he might be as easy of access as possible to his people. Another viow was that a par sonage was an endowment to a parish. It gave an air of settlement and sta bility to a clergyman. He would like to see some other form of endowment, so that the income of the churches might be partially providocl for otherwise than by voluntary contributions. He strongly urged them to give their best sympathy and help to his friend Mr. Elder, who he was sure had come amongst them determined to devote his best energies to their snirituftl welfare. Donations wero now invited and placed upon the stone, tho total amount being £13 3s 2d. The incumbent said one of the reasons why they were hurrying on with the parsonage was that thoy would save the £70 a year they were now paying for rent, and that sum would more than pay the interest and necessary instalments to tho Church Buildings Fund and the Centennial Fund. The Rev. F. Eldeii announced the contents o£ the bottle placed in the stone. The contents were as stated in Tuesday's issue, the coins being all the current silver and copper ones. The singing of the hymn, ' Lord of the Worlds Above,' and tho Benedic tion, protsounced by the Dean, concluded the ceremony.' Dean Cowper left for Sydney by the 3.35 p.m. train. 