A MOSLEM StINE.ls. ,C UST oT the hig:h road, on a breezy cliff J which overlooks the Medliterranean, two little domes peer above a rough, lime washied wall. They indicate that a saint and his saintly issua (for the title is heredit iry in Islam) lie buried there, and, in their way, define the gulf which the French are so anxious to bridge over here in Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosure strewn with narrow white tombs in all stages of oblitera tion and decay, choked with waving grasses and slimy weeds; at its Eastern base a low, white pent-house where dwells the care taker-a good man who has either obtained his office o as sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains toestablish it as such for the benefit of himseclf and posterity. Springing as ani excrescence fronl thie northern wall, and built into it, is the oklest of the koubhas, or shrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy tiles, and bristling with a rude battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through the grating in the doour reveals darkness and ditm tombs, a ragged banner or two, anid a bit of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and spiders. Peering through the ragged branches of a bushy oldl ig-tree, faciing her sister, is tie younger of these two little shrines. More adventurous, flightier, sadly tawdy; making, however, with her gay dado of tiles, queer scrawling mottoes and cabalistie signs, ai bright Eastern picture. She bears an airy little fjaale of three or four horsesloe arches poised on elselttrr pl.i...,l u.t,.ll,,-discovere t through their crust of crumbling whitewash to be marhlle; relies, plossibly, of the old Roman city buried here. Two tin lanterns, stuck over with pink paper roses and guttered candle.endls, dangle to and fro under the al cade. At our first meeting tile koubbas were simiiertilg in a mellow glow, as if the cecui - ries of wa il h and light were being returnlred to the sun which gave tlheml. Nothing was wanlting to complete the Eastern glamoullrllr of tie whole : vividl sunshine ; white dolnes clealr cut against a blue sky; a tall palm with its swaiyiing crown of feathers; it sthrouded wuomaitn hltled against the wall, and her dirty child tumbling half-naked .rrnillig the tombs ; a tobblet cl donkey pain fully croplping here andu there; and, as if to till and clown the picture, a young Kaalyle caillrie presently out of the lean-to at tile eld of the court carrying a crrdle in her hand. A grey petticoat, striped red and white, down to her knees,a Ilose mi-lin shirt which surggested, instead of hiding, her full bust, anid a bright handkerchief in hier glossy hair were all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage rind ilunembarrassed step, her ruddy-brown clear skin land large shiinig eyes. She cane, wigirig theeriwIhe.?. to the lilipidated old well in tile middle ,f the court, land stoodl leaning oni one armn neailist the I:parapet while the bucket descrended. Then she hauled it up hand over hand, with easy, srveeping strokes, her body bending to tile wveight like some slender piplar before a gale, her bare feet planted apart, grasping the soil as tfirmnily as its roots. A colour flushed her brown cheeks, and the light gleamued in her eyes; her soft lips parted to ease her breuthing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with the hard work. The March wind caught her hair and blew it across hIer face ; she tossed it back with a smile, and as she tossed threw a glance at its over her shoulder, iand smiled again. A tine, free young tiling, innocent and frisky as a lilly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal life oefore her in the quiet court, until shIe larry somte grive, brownl man of her ownl race, andl rlaise iup strong sons to .cprawl as children in a sunny corner sucIh astlhis, thenl to go forth to work lendinrg goats, or lholeing inueyarlls on the ruggetl uountain sides or in the peaiceful vallcys of this beauilful land of Ilers. 'llis caretaker, and lived in the lean-to Iut withi I don't knllow hotw in Illry gellerations of relatives ; for, as well as womlen aind girls, these was a swamrir of children for ever erawlinlg and scluitblingabout in the court. I watched often arnd carefully the simple life of the Kabyle famlily, a.d fuurd it full of chriis and suggestiion. Tihere was aI gentle iluncompnll igillaining ditcliy a bout theiri alll ; a teadly wetr king for ai few thing ,ard at deep elnjoymnelit of tile wr;ages threreof, a ditrectness and innocence, aIntl vigour tIwhllich, a lesson ldone, were ortlh going out to see. Fronl Algiers, brighltest, coo-t motley, nmost self-seeking of sunny southern towns, where the French lhave signally bridged their gulf \--aying~ sure founiof tious of aIbsiitle and hotel reuiirelientils to be fulfilled for suas and conuvered their wild Arabs into flireires, rlhjiiuniens, tounts, qullack gulides, and whait not tall which partliis, be it said, the Arlliabs were very willing to play) ; froml Algiers, I say, to thIe trianqullil imomenelts of tlhis even lifeis a farrcly, ruld hoplefully ug ge.tive of a possible asylumi fromt the lnoisy, blataint stornm anltd stress aiid which nielost of its swealt rund groan our days awuy. (rinti teries and tomlubs are favourite hauntsii of tile womleln inall Eastern counitries, uand leecordligly 1 Ilid numiters oftheml here every day. In the presence of the dead, it seelms, they venture to disregard tihe living, for directly they hlave entered the court and kissed the walls and a stray stone or so, they throw oilf their habarahs, run, an, uatting in a corner, pirelpare to enljoy themselves in their shrill, acrid fashlion. Shirouded in the habarah, her legs swathed in thick folds of calico, each resembles hersister ghost, and shuilles on her salne dull way encumnbered wilth mystery--Inone of her seeking drr.peries, lind babies. Unveiled, the monolo tolly is still there, forit goes deeper thanl the veil; and horrible it is to conclude, as irresistibly we must, that tIle clothes have become veritable Nessue shirts; that the shrouds once on carn never comle off again ; for.if put away they are still there, shlrouding soul instead of body. And the shrouding here begins at" fourteen; thinlk of tlhait ! A motrlter if two cehildren--a mere stlip of a girl--comes nearly every dry. Comes shufling in, a drab brndle of a creature, draggitig hier babies with hier; pciitituallykisens thesamestonies, and then chatters in a thin voice for hailf-an hour. A more athletie sight I think I never caw. Wan and lised and vacant; gossips a little; slandiers i whisllers arnd withll eyes askailce at thIe object of it, or at tIi; llaughs shrilly without merriment, endilll dravswhlere to cry would be inore to the purpose ; then rises witll aI wenry gesture arid Ittis oel tIhe shroudt tIhait inever wrs off if shie btll knew it; and rsiutlles out ag!aiill into hier cage. These iKabyle dtwellers in thIe lern-to are better oilff. No tlhrouds, idlthle or inhllllble, for them. Htrd wvork iin jidety, irnd ai bed is Iarrid to rest ?r, scanrty faire, ai slhedl to cover thlem ; hero aire ino luxulies, God wtert. lhit free limbs antd a bare hicad, bare feet uand a free sul, are gifts fromt tIhe teasule- lhouso of Nralture, though now pier allps spplewesll:ltt coreCd arnd miride lighlt of by thIe iqullms arnd whiirsies of a high sililliiig worlt. °"Ineoume of one hInirlred i1uiidt a year," cries Cr'lulyle, " and nio dry rat iii thIe sOl Of yost anywhere; incomle of one ruundred thoulsand ionlllds a year, aiid lnothing but dir)-nlirsd-wet rot in tlhe soul of you (ugly appetites, unverariies, blusterous conceits, and i.robably--as symbol of all thinigs--:r iot-hlly to your poor body itsetfi ; elm, irry fricriss !"--Teirjso/de/r. 