SOME PRESENT DAY DANGERS ( A Paper read by the Rev. W. Clarke before the Sydney Ministers' Meeting .) The influence of Materialism upon our age is very wide and deep. It is more prevalent than we are generally ready to admit. One writer says ' The idea of God is the key- stone of the arch of a tottering civilization. The true road to liberty, to equality, and to happiness is atheism. No safety on earth so long as man holds on to a thread of heaven. Let us teach man that there is no other god than himself, that he is the alpha and omega of all things, the superior being, the real reality.' There are numbers of persons in- fluenced by such writings, who were once regular worshippers at our services, but they have ceased to attend any place of worship, and while they do not publicly endorse the doc- trine of such writers, you may see by their silent sneer at our devotions that they regard the worship of God as weakness and folly. To exalt human nature, and to boast of the glory of the human intellect, is very sweet and flattering to the human heart ; and that we should find such doctrines outside the Church is not to be wondered at, for 'the carnal mind is enmity against God.' Hence, we have philo- sophy without God, politics without God, com- merce without God, and the religion of humanity is — worship without God. It is not often we find a Church without God ; there is one instance of a Church without God, Christ is outside knocking, and asking to enter, and He describes ' the Church of the Laodi- ceans ' as if wretched and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked.' It would be wrong in me to say that any Church is without God ; but I do say that in many pulpits the natural is placed before the supernatural, and the material is honoured more than the spiritual. The miracles of Christ are relegated to the limbo of unreality, the personality of demons is explained away, and the personality of God . is not clearly and definitely proclaimed. SAVING SOULS. There are those, again, who proclaim from their pulpits that mininsters spend too much time and energy in seeking to save souls, and that we should aim rather to save men. This, translated into plain English, means that we preach too much about Jesus and His salvation, and that we should busy ourselves more about the earthly condition of the masses. And these ministers who thus speak commend the religion of humanity ; they substitute secular subjects for Biblical, and the great doctrines of Christianity are ignored in God's house on God's day ; their doctrine seems to be, ' Seek ye first the comfort of the body, and all other things will be added unto you.' They say that the panacea for the ills of society is, 'A change in the social system, the abolition of private property in land, let the State take possession of all instruments of production, make the conditions of life easy by levelling down, then you will renovate the community, and usher in the Millenium.' That the Church has not done all it ought to have done for the amelioration of poverty and distress, I readily admit. Yet I say, without fear of contradic- tion, that most of the efforts that we put forth to mitigate the wretchedness in our slums, are done by Christian men and women, and for that service the Church from our political economists gets no credit. Dr. Dale says ' that we are all influenced more or less by the age in which we live.' I suppose we all know and feel this to be true ; but we have our old directions by which we ought to work. We are, according to the Old Book, to ' wrestle against flesh and blood.' But many have yielded to the spirit of the age, and have been carried away, unwittingly, it may be, by the tide of materialism, and preach that a change in the social system, by the introduction of the Single Taxer will save society, by casting out the demons that haunt it, so that this world shall speedily become a paradise; 'and some such preaching is preached by some ministers of a Church that boasts of its doctrinal standards. Be that as it may, we have our commission given unto us by the ablest' and wisest of all political economists, namely, Jesus Christ, who said — 'Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you,' and in harmony with the above I quote the Methodist Gazette for August : — ' The wise preacher will be a man of one work, will not preach party politics, will not seek fame as a lecturer, will not covet newspaper notoriety.' THE SOURCE OF DISORDER. The cause of the social and moral disorder of society is found in human nature, and not in circumstances. Human nature cannot be changed to-day any more than in the past by a change in human institutions. That it is our duty to aim to improve the condition of society goes without saying, yet we should never reverse the - order laid down by our Master, and that which He acted upon Him self. The spiritual first— the physical fol lows. ' Son. thy sins are forgiven thee,' then follows, ' take up thy bed and walk.' The Rev. William Hessel said to me and another as we were bidding him farewell on his return to England, 'Young men, much rests on you. Be vigilant. Watch the trend of thought ; the institutions of an age are not created by the people, but by a few able, learned, and cul tured individuals, who instil their views into the community and stamp the impress of their character on our institutions.' Mr. Hessel, during his brief stay in N. S. Wales, had oc casion to expose and oppose the deliverances of the most prominent scholar in Sydney in those days — who advanced that men were to be elevated by art, the sweet influence of women, and the dulcet sounds of music. I am afraid that we have not watched the influence of teaching in high places, or if we have, that we have not raised our voice against it, nor have we dealt with brethren that we know introduce questionable topics into our pulpits. QUESTIONABLE METHODS. ' Then there are what are termed ' Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Services.' These at pre sent are very popular, and for a time they will become more popular, as they harmonise with the spirit of the times, and as they become more secular, and more amusing. 'They will become more pleasing, when all the religious element is cast out of them. ' At a meeting of the London Nonconformist Council, the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes is reported to have said, ' he was shocked and horrified at some forms of the Pleasant Sunday Afternoon movement, especially in the North of England. The religious element had been removed, they had become secular, they amused the people.' ' Where is the difference between discussing political or secular subjects on a Sunday after noon in a Church and discussing the same sub jects in the Domain or in a Theatre on the Lord's Day ? A writer in the Methodist Magazine says: 'I have seen ministers of religion announced to deliver addresses on the Lord's Day at religious services on ' Food,' ' Air.' ' Water,' 'Home Rule,' ' Love, Courtship, and Marriage,' ' Mr. Chamberlain's Views on the Labour Question,' etc.' . He says, ' Quite recently a Sunday service was held in London, when about five hundred poor men were pre sent, and after they had been fed,' one' or two hymns were sung, some verses of Scripture were read, the Lord's Prayer was said, and then a resolution was passed affecting London lodging houses ; and this done, several songs were rendered,' including Tom Bowling and the Jolly Miller ; a number of recitations were given, and the service closed with the Benediction.' The time spirit — the age tendency — is that the Church of Christ exists mainly and primarily to promote the material and social well- being of the kingdoms of the world. But as I understand our commission, we are to sound the unbelieving heart, we are to awaken the dormant conscience. Men are to be warned to flee from the wrath to come, and they are to be persuaded to come to the Saviour. The great hindrance to the renova tion of society, and the reformation of the age is selfishness and sin. No external reformation can uproot these, nothing but the power of God in the conversion of sinners, turning men from darkness into light; from wickedness to righteousness. Dr. Dale says ' that Whit field and Wesley did more for the social redemption of England, than did all the politicians of their time whose names are associated with ameliorative legislation.' But the social redemption of England was effected not by preaching on secular subjects, but by preaching " repentance toward God and Faith in our Lord Jesus Christ" ritualism. Another danger is the spread of Ritualism. I am convinced that we have under-rated ifcs power, and under- estimated its effects upon the religious world. We have satirised it, and laughed at it, and called it ' Man Millinery,' and we have tried to put it down by mocking it, as Tobiah and Sanballat tried to put down Nehemiah, but it is too deeply rooted in so ciety, and too pleasing to the sensual powers of man, to be destroyed by any such foxes. The fact is, all the Churches have yielded too much to its influences, and we have followed too much its devices. What is Ritualism? As I understand it, it is depending too much on the outward and sensible, it is an appeal to the senses rather than to the spirit ; in other words, substituting form for the power of Godliness, the sensual for the spiritual. There is no Church free from Ritualism, and it is very rapidly increasing. Spiritual instruc tion is thought less of than brass bands and noise and show. Preaching which was insti tuted by Jesus Christ for the spread of the Gospel and the salvation of sinners is rele gated to the back ground, while concerts, singing, and various other entertainments, are placed in the fore-front. 'There are the masses,' you say, ' how are we to reach them ? They never come to Church, and the vast proportion of the population never enter the house of God !" They never did, I am sorry to say, not even in the days of Wesley ; the mass of the masses has never yielded to the at tractions of the Gospel. There is, I believe, as large a percentage of the population attending the Churches to-day as ever, perhaps a larger percentage. I admit that brass bands, the banners, the marching of the Salvation Army, and now the dancing of the soldiers around the ring, are intended to reach and attract the populace. The Army has the credit of having moved the masses, I join issue with that state- ment, they have only glanced over the surface ; and I am, moreover, fully convinced that unless they change their methods, they never will reach the bulk of the people. Is it too much to say that we have tried to imitate ' the Army,' and we have done it very badly. There is the cry for brief, bright services ; and we have at- tempted to meet the demands. We have much ringing; many solos in which no one knows what is sung ; we have short sermons and shorter prayers, which, apparently, neither move God nor man, and these are regarded as brief, bright services ! ! The teaching of Christ and His Apostles is, that sin is at the very founda tion of our being. ' That which is born of the flesh, is flesh.' Out of the heart proceed the moral ills that afflict humanity and haunt society. The Scriptures teach that these demons are to be cast out by -the Word of God and the operation of the Holy Spirit. The Spirit always uses the truth in awakening and rectifying and pacifying the conscience. ' Of His own will begat He us with the Word of Truth.' ' Sanctify them through Thy truth, Thy word is truth.' It is by the Word intelli gent beings are to be moved, not by sound. There are persons who say that they can worship God by the sound of the organ or piano, without words. I must confess I cannot, for I doubt that any worship is acceptable to the great, living, thinking, loving, personal God from intelli gent beings without the 'intellect. We are commanded to worship with the Spirit, and with the understanding also. I am, moreover, sure that men cannot be saved by sound. Jesus has commanded us to go to all the world and preach the Gospel, not sing the Gospel. I be ieve that Jesus knew what He was saying, and that He meant what He said. I do not under value singing in the worship of the sanctuary. I estimate good congregational singing very highly, but I do protest against placing singing before or instead of preaching. To my way of thinking, we have yielded to the popular cry, and we have tried to meet the popular taste, so that now we cannot succeed in drawing a large congregation on a week evening in con nection with anything, without singing or ex hibitions. Everything must give way to these. Truth and facts are secondary things. I have only to instance our last Sunday-school Union Meeting. There was no time given to reach the hearts of the children and impress the truth upon their consciences, nor to instruct the teachers how to succeed in their all-important work, nor to advocate the claims of the institu tion. The same may be said of our Missionary meetings, there is no time given to arouse missionary enthusiasm, the people come to an entertainment and not to hear what is their duty to God, to the Colony, to the masses, and to the heathens. I cast no reflection upon the organisers of these meetings. The people have been so educated that now they will come in large numbers only to such meetings. The old faishioned meetings, with mighty speeches, do not draw. The fact is that the tendency of the age is to ignore sin, therefore, to ignore the re demrtion by Christ Jesus. The people do not care for truth, and we have also to a great extent pandered to the popular taste, and have be came weak. ' 0, God, thou hast been dis pleased with us, and goest not out with our Armies. 0 turn Thyself to us again. Give us help in time of trouble, for vain is the help of man — through God we shall do valiantly' OUR ORGANIZATIONS. Another danger to our work is the tendency to organize. No one that thinks can help being struck with the great activity of experimenting for the last five and twenty years. He cannot but have seen that the activity of many religious people is falling away from the church, and is appearing in other organizations, indirectly weakening the influence and retarding the pro gress of the church. Apparently, they place too much dependence on these human organi zations and too little on the church created by the Divine Master. There are so many organizations which our best people work, that they have no time to attend to ' Church work proper.' Our young men are drafted away to the Y. M. C. A. of a Sunday evening, and this weakens our Sunday evening congregations and the prayer meeting that is held after the service. Our members attend the meetings of certain organizations in the week, so that our classes and our prayer meet ings are very badly attended. No one ever thinks of giving up the Christian Women's Temperance Organizations or Lodge meeting — or Mutual Improvement Association, so as to attend the weekly prayer meeting — hence our prayer meetinge are all but dead. Too many have given up the more direct spiritual work for the more secular departments of the Church. While the latter ought to be attended to, the former should not go undone. I believe if the spiritual work were better attended to, the secular would be better and more success fully carried on. THE NEW THEOLOGY. Then there is the trend of thought, and the desire to be abreast of the times, and we have been carried away from our old moorings by ' The New Theology,' ' Old Truths in a New Light,' ' The changed aspects of un changed Truths,' ?' The Wider Hope,' and others. We have imbibed too high an estimate of human nature under human culture. There are persons in every community of whom it may be said they are good men — negatively goad; they do no wrong; they are amiable, quiet, true, upright in their transactions, but they accomplish nothing for society ; the world in one sense is nothing better for their living in it. To this moral life there must be added faith if they are to be saved from sin and won so as to be true to God as well as to their fellow men. We do not pronounce so emphati cally as of old, ' He that hath the Son hath life, he that hath not the Son, hath not life, but the wrath of God abideth on him.' We proclaim it, but with bated breath.' A minister in our ministry said to me : '? Do you mean to say that that sweet-tempered, ami able, cultured, refined young lady is lost though not converted as we understand con version ?' CURRENT LITERATURE. We are influenced, unwittingly it may be, by current literature, so that subjects which were prominent in our preaching years ago are not so prominent to-day. We have been influenced also by the statement that the silent lightning kills and not the thunder that roars; we are softer in our preaching than of yore. Jesus, we are told, was such a tender loving teacher. Very true, yet no one when the occasion required it, was more scathing in His preaching than He. No one was so awful in His denunciations. If you compare the sounds from Sinai with those of the sermon on the Mount and of Calvary, the one is to the other as the sound of a Jew's harp to an organ. I believe in love, in the love of God in the gift of His only begotten Son, but I believe in the law, and I believe that the law in the Gospel convicts, and that the love in the Gospel con verts. It is our duty to proclaim the whole counsel of God. I do not find that the Apostles and old Methodist preachers discussed the current political topics of the day in the pulpit. Does not the introduction of so many things into our services indicate a weakened faith in the Gospel, and in the influence of the Spirit, and that something more is needed to attract the people? If it be so, is it not dis honouring to God ? And while he hath not, in mercy, left us, He is not pleased with our lack of faith in His spirit, and the glorious Gospel of his Son, ' He goeth not forth with our hosts.' Of Charles Garrett we read : ' He with a full heart believes in Jesus Christ and His Gospel. Both, he still preaches with Apostolic zeal and holy fervour. He believes he has at his command the appropriate lever age for raising the unsaved masses of the people and he persistently applies it.' THE PREACHING OF OUR FATHERS. We cannot look back upon the history of Methodism without being impressed with the character of the preaching of our fathers, Thomas Collins, David Stoner, John Smith, William Bramwell, and others. Spurgeon filled his tabernacle without in the least pandering to the tastes of the times. Dr. Parker, says that he preaches nothing but the three R's, Ruin, Redemption, and Regeneration, with their cognate subjects. I know that people say, ' Preach the simple Gospel,' but a man may preach, ' Come to Jesus, believe in Jesus, Jesus only,' and yet not preach the Gospel. The Gospel is manifold, we have not yet fathomed its depths. What I want is for us to depend upon the Gospel in its fulness and completeness to attract and to save, as the -Apostles did. Henry Ward Beecher says that when a young man he was not successful as a preacher, he determined to search how the Apostles preached, he accordingly studied the New Testament, and modelled his sermons on those of the Apostles, and his preaching became eminently successful. It was said in our meet ing a month ago, that we are not responsible for success, that Paul can only plant and Apollos can only water, God must give the increase, this is true, awtully true, gloriously true, yet God forbid that we should ever be satisfied without success. A person, when a minister amongst us, said to me one day, — ' I put the truth as clearly before the congrega tions as I can ; after that it is their look out whether they accept it or not,' — and the im pression made on my mind at the time, was, that it mattered not much to him. Many per sons will ask : ' What is success ?' I agree with the Rev. J. G. Middleton — ' That the Sydney Lighthouse never rescued a man from shipwreck, yet it has been the means of saving many a ship from being a wreck. Success does not alone consist in large congregations, and good circuit financial positions. It consists in changed hearts and pure lives. While we are not responsible for success in this sense, for we cannot ignore the human will whatever may be the influences of the Spirit, yet I think we are responsible for power. It is here we are weak, there is so little power attending our preaching, there is so little manifestation of feeling. Our services are so often like Gilboa, without either rain or dew. We are responsible for power as the Holy Spirit is promised in answer to prayer. Our people do not expect very much of the manifestations of the Spirit under the preached word, and we have been influenced by them — yet we are, with the members of our Church and congre gation, responsible for the unction from the Holy One. The Rev. John Smith ' believed that revivals were the results of the Holy Spirit's operations, and that prayer and faith would certainly secure that operation at all times and to an unlimited extent.' But there must be adequate praying breath in connection with the preaching breath. May God help us to seek for and to aim at conversions under the word, and the sanctification of believers while we preach. Turn us again, 0 God of Hosts, and cause Thy face to shine ; and we shall be saved. Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt, and Thou hast cast out the heathen and planted it. Thou preparest room before it, and didst cause it to take deep root and it filled the land. The hills were covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof were like the goodly cedars ; she sent her boughs into the sea and her branches into the river. Why hast Thou then broken down her hedges so that all they that pass by the way do pluck her. Return, we beseech Thee, O God of Hosts, look down from Heaven and behold and visit this vine, and the vineyard which Thy right hand hath planted and the branch Thou hast made strong for Thyself. Let Thy hand be upon the man of Thy right hand, upon the Son of Man whom Thou madest strong for Thy self, so will not we go back from Thee, quicken us and we will call upon Thy name.' 0, Thou who hast the residue of the Spirit, clothe us with divine power. Oh, Jehovah Jesus, come into our midst this morning, breathe upon us and say, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' Oh, Thou great Power of Pentecost, annoint us afresh for the great work to which Thou hast separated us, breathe Thyself the breath of life into our hearts. Transfigure Thy Church be- fore the world, and make Thy chosen people | joyful — and lead us on, oh, lead us on to battle and to victory. Oh, Lord God of Hosts hear us, be not angry against the prayer of Thy people. Turn us again, 0 God, and cause Thy face to shine, and we shall be saved, and we shall be the means of saving hosts of others. Amen, and. Amen. 