Witcficraft in meiflourne. Fourth Article. It requires a strong-minded person, " with a heart for any fate," as Longfellow puts it, to go the round of the fortune-tellers, and he told bj each succeeding one an almost identical story. At present I do ^ not try to offer any explanation of this fact. It may ;i be that I carry my history about with me, and that a susceptible person can read it. Very certain is it howover-'that no extended view is taken, for members of my family in other parts of Australia, with whom I am in constant correspondence, are not included in the narrative, which simply refers to myself and immediate surroundings. A chequered future that includes grief and desolation, and the opening up of a Career that has been the dream of a lifetime, is repeated by all of them. Everyone gets the wish of his life gratified sooner or later, said one of the best authors of the day, when I, a young literary aspirant, was lamenting the lack of time and opportunity. If the gift is there, it must force its way to utterance, and the second palmist I visited, a lady this time, told me much the same in this respect as the " Professor" of the second chapter. This was a more expensive visit than any of the others, as for the cards and correct chart of my hand the lowest fee was three and sixpence, and the highest eight shillings ; to suit the times, I chose fcho medium price of four and sixpence. This seeress presented a marked contrast to all the rest. Instead of the baro floor and humble surroundings, there was a touch of. costheticism in the arrangement of the sitting-room I; was shown into. The house was situated in a thoroughfare, not a by-street, and I kept my back parsistently turned to the passers-by until the door . was opened, as the name of the lady appeared in large letters on a brass plato, and I am not yet sufficiently inured to my new occupation to care to bo recognised at the door of a fortune- teller. When the lady appeared I found that she -corresponded somewhat to the room I was , shown into and the general appearance of the place. She was young and fair, good-looking . and well-dressed. I was then conduoted to an inner sanctum, the cards were produced,and slio proceeded to read my destiny. Very differently, howevori to any I have seen before or Bince, and with such rapid utterance that to attempt to recall a sentence and ask for further elucidation was as hopeless as to recall a bid that had been passed at a sale by an auctioneer. In fact, it strangely resembled an auctioneer's gabble, and I wondered as I listened, as si do at an auction sale, whether this extraordinary flow of words is acquired or the result of natural 'eloquence. As she rushed along I,gathered that the ^general tenor was exnetly the same as in all the rest. I am to go to another oity about the eighth month of the year. In the immediate future I shall have annoyance and confusion about money matters, but the next three months well over, a new ard brighter career was to begin. Other details were of a purely personal nature, but this seeress must be credited with telling in the substance of a letter I should reaeive "almost at once," which she described as " below contempt." These words given with a sharp intonation riveted themselves on my earB, and I repeated them that night to friends, among other literals I could recall, and exactly described, a missive of an unusual nature that reached me two days later. At the end of each sentence or para- • graph she gave a peculiar intonation that added just a aoupqon of affectation to. the whole. Without the aid of a shorthand writer it was impossible to fix the fleeting story, and I deoided to have my hand examined and a written chart of the same as the only means of obtaining a clear record of what Bhe had to tell. When my hand was offered for inspection she did not proceed at all like the Professor. Ho carofully scanned the lines,, and, with a magnifying glasB, looked closely at marks in various parts of the palm, inspected the finger nails, and nppeared to judge of the health from them, for ho said the nails Hhowed I had a tendency to consumption and he warned me against taking cold and neglecting it. The lady palmiBt did nothing of the kind, She made a general survey of my hand, then, with a tape measure, went over every part separately, the length of the fingers and distance between the joint* ■ ' I"' ' ' "" ' I "/ as wellas other details. As each length was taken she wrote it down in shorthand in a memorandum hook, said it would take some time to study and work out, and I did not obtain the following chart for some ten days afterwards. It is such a mixture of astrology, fortune-telling, character-reading and bad spoiling, that, as no personal matters are detailed, I cannot do better than transcribe it verbatim, orthographical errors excepted. ' " ' Your luck's in your hand.' Your planet indicates you have a refined, sensitive orgagisation, are susceptible of exquisite enjoyment and intense Buffering', and a longing for congenial companion" ship. In early life you have been subjected to much suffering by the rude contact involved among the everyday realities of life. But for the care and troubles you have had in the past you will have competence and content in the future. Domestic comfort and happiness shall be yours. You will bo led and governed by a species of prophetic guiding; feel by intuition what is right and best; will be forewarned of danger; feel internally what is true and false, right and wrong, best and not best j perceive and know things independent of the senses or intellect; and, in certain states of the physical . Bystern, may be naturally clairvoyant. You are inclined to expect and to attempt too little rather than too much; get too easily discouraged by the obstacles you encounter. Let nothing discourage you. Fortune favours the brave, and the J/^tes. decree many years of unalloyed bliss and happjnesp. Your benevolent planet is fast leaving evil bearings, which it seems have lately been against you.; Many surprising events of a benignant nature, will befall you during the next two years, and some important circumstance will shortly occur in your family. Thursday is your' chief day both for happiness and prosperity, but Friday the most noted. Morday the most evil. You are quick in discernment; you have clear reasoning faculty, and aro well endowed mentally, and should make yourself widely felt and known. You should cultivate magnetic healing. You have the gift also :of automatic and independent slate writing, and tlio planets decree that you will have success in iyour undertakings. There aro signs of travelling, also of a little sickness, but no fear of an earlyi termination to your existence. You will live to ,see most of your wishes realised, some beyond your presont expectations." Anyone who is lacking in self-confidence should visit a pal mister. It is curious what a number, of things you might have done; if you had tried, and what unsuspected and undevelopedfaoulties you possess. According to the first professor I visited there is no branch of art or ;soienco that I might not have shone in, and among the minor possibilities haVe such a power of command that I might have led a regiment to battle had fate made a soldier of mo. "When' my Bitting; with hira was concluded, and I had put my gloves on ready to go, I remarked "Well! the one thing I take a pride in you have failed to indicate." Much distressed, he begged mo to remove my gloves for him to again inspect, my liand3. "■Well,, you might have been a musician, a, , sculptor, an artist, or an actor, if you had turned your attention that way." f My ambition," I said, "is to write a book, and my sole delight is in literature, and I even attempt a little in that way already." " Oh, but I said you were literary and artistic, at least had powors of imagination," the palmist rejoined, Vand wiiting is a sort of expression for the .... other faculties." Aftor the list of all my possible accomplishments, even leading an army into the battle field, Melbourne and the paltry affairs of everyday life seemed too small a stage on which to i display my wonderful talents, and, for five minutes, I felt I was an unappreciated genius. To provont my task growing too wearisome, for one visit a lifetime would be sufficient to satisfy ordinary curiosity, I started next to a person who •J tells the cards" privately, without advertising, and who requires her visitors to be introduced or recommended. MoBt of thoso who use the cards for divination liavo the samo formula; certain cards represent oortain ovonts, and they all count specific numbers, and arrange thorn as if the lesson had been learnt at the samo school, Before the series is finished I shall soo what success I have with a set of gipsy cards my self and comparo results. Fivo shillings wus the.sum I oxpootod to pay, and I was advised, to get there in mid-day, as the whole after noon people were calling on the same errand, and I might have hours to "wait. As it happened I was very unfortunate. When I arrived at the door a lady was entering, and she had therefore the first sitting. "You are both"strangers," the seoress said when she entered the room, but wo had credentials that satisfied all scruples, and the first comer was taken into an inner apartment. For an hour and a half she was closeted in this temple of Fate, and I began to think that time and money were too valuable to be wasted in this reckless manner, and decided that five shillings and three hours, if my consultation was as long, were more than I could well spare. So I tapped at the door and said I feared I must leave, as even if the sitting was over I could not stay an hour and a half longer, as my time was exhausted, and patience, too, I might have added. " This case is rather a peculiar one," the fortune-teller remarked. "I shall be ready directly, and will' not ' detain you so long. Another half - hour passed wearily along, I could not imagine anything so important in my destiny as to occxxpy two hours in describing, or to be worth five shillings, and I was just on the point of leaving when the door opened and I was ushered into the mysterious presence. A nice motherly-looking woman, with a beignant expression, and I felt much mollified when," haying asked her fee, she replied unexpectedly, " Oh, just a shilling." It was a comfortably furnished room, with a polished round table and a double pack 'of carda.for.thei fortune-telling. The repetition of the story they * all^ell me becomes almost monotonous. The husband is away, changes are to take place in the household, both husband and wife are to remove to another city, and the lady is to have to consider whether she shall undertake certain work or business. The only expansion of the story is that this is only a small portion of the futxire career of the lady. "She will have to go to England, I can see, and she is on the eve of a career which I cannot exactly describe." It takes a more callous individual than myself to be told of inevitable partings, by a fortune-teller, although she looks altogether too ordinary to be invested with gifts of divination, and I wonder what unhappy fate is pursuing me at each of these miserable little dwellings, when sceptical common sense comes to the rescxxe and suggests the absurdity of the position. T go through my task, however, to the end, and am sent away in happier mood, the evil tidings being counterbalanced by the good "cards that surround my wish and myself at the end of the next three months. " If you had picked the cards oxxt of the pack yourself, you could not have brighter surroundings. Look at them all roxxnd you. Every thing that prophecies good to your family and yourself is there. I never saw such a hand!" This was the last shuffle and cut, finishing with the final drawing for the wish—which prodxxced such splendid results. "Whatever investigation of this kind is undertaken, those who wish to keep an xxntrnmmeled mind cannot fail to remnx-k the narrow circle and limits xvithin which all such inquiries are hedged. To visit fortxme-tellers comtantly would be absolutely demoialising. Thero is nothing like putting the shoulders square back and facing your destiny. Still all sides must be reviexved, and it is one of the signs of the times that lenders of thoxxght in every profession are serioxxsly inqxxiring if there is any truth in the alleged influence of invisible agenoies in more departments than that of forecasting the future. The Rev. H. 11. Haweis is eqxxally stahvart xvith Mr. Stend in affirming that there is material already at hand for scientific investigation. Photography is the latest exponent of invisible agencies, and Mr. Haweis oontribxxtod a paper a foxv months ago to the Fortnightly Review in xvhioh ho expressed a belief that tho next step in occxxlt investigation xvoxxld bo mndo in that quarter. This has been so far confirmed by a notioo in the May number of tho T.eoiew of Reviews of a paper oontribxxted by Mr. J. Traill Taylor to the Jownal of Photography for March 17, on "The Photographing of Ghosts," The gist of the review is that the experiments condxxcted by Mr. Taylor and Mr. Glendenning, wlxoao " reputation is above reproaoh," sxxffloe to show that " the plateH woi-e sensitive to tho presence of entities invisible to tho human eye." There are many in Melbourno who profoss to, seo those ontitios in tho clairvoyant state, and in a fxxtxxre article I will describe as impartially as I can what I witnessed in that direction. 