.FROM THE CRAVE. 0 Do wo iodced desire the dead Sboaid sdii he near us At our side ? — ten'p.tson'. ««Why," Dayraond _ wrote, " do you tmagioo that 1 abatl despieo you (or thla oou- (eseionl. None bat a whole- souled, high hearted woman could bavo made it. Too bavo said you loro mo, frankly ; and I aay In return that bad the foooUuni of my heart not been hopelessly no at their eourc-M, they mast have sprang forth gladly at euoh words from you. Bat tho passion of love, dear friood, it U for me no more to know, and I hold you In too warm regard to olfer you, in oschango for kekols of pnro Ophlr gold, a defaced and srorthlerscoinagQ." f As Daymond penned tho eloeing words 0 the sentence, the last rays of the smoky- red London ennsot were withdrawn. Only a little while ago bo had rcnltnishvd the fire with fresh logs, bat they were damp, ntid charred slowly, giving forth no pieuaat dame, lie struck a match and lighted a taper that etood upon I1L1 writing-table. It created a feeblo oaais of yollow radiance npon tha darknou of tho great atodio, and tho shadow of Dajxnond'a bead and ahonldtrs bending above it, was cast upwards in gig&ntenque; oaricuturo upn the skylight, ro- dacod to frosty-whito opacity by a burduo of March snow. Daymond poised the drying pea in whito, well-kept lingers, and roAd over what ho had written. Undorlying all tho eleganco of woli-inodullod pbraees was tbo sheer brutality of rcj'ootion, dofinituly expressed. His finely strung mooinl organisation revolted naln- folly at the Imperative necessity of toing cruel. "Sbo B'ks for bread," he criod aloud, D and I am giving Lor a etouo The lofty walla and domed roof of hie workshop garb fcaek tbo words to him, nod his sonaitive car noted the theatrical twaug of tho echo. Vet tbo pang of re-morso that had moved htm to speech wan ijuitu genuine. " Von Loto heard my story." A great many peoplo had heard it, and had own botod by it ; bnt, seositivo as Daymond's perceptions were, he was not alive to tills lac u " Seventeen yearn ago, whilo I was still & student, drcamiuir of fame in a draughty 1'aris studio, I tact the weman who wan destined— I folt it then as 1 know it now — to bo tho ono lovo of my Ulo. Eho woe an American, a little older than mrrolf. Sho wan divinely beautiful to mo— I hardly know whether aho won rotily so or not. Wo gavo up ull, oueh for each. She left husband, homo, friends, to devoto her life to m«. I — — " Ho paused, trying to snm op tho Het of his own enerifico?, and nltimately loft tho break, as potent to oxprers much, and wont on : " Guilty as I suppose wo wcro, wo woro happy together— how happy I daro not oven recall. Twenty- fonr months our lifo together lasted, and then came tho end. Itwaa tho cholera year in 1'aris ; tho yar which brought me my first forotAstoof huccow in art, robbed mo of ull joy iu lifo. . . . Kho died. Horribly I luddonly ! And tho beat of mo lies burled in her grave.'' Tho muscles of his throat tightened with llo rigor thut accompanies emotion ; hi oyo. lids smarted, llo threw bank his still hand- )omo heud and a (oar fell shining on tho dellofttely. tinted paper undornruith his bead. Ho looked at tho drop as it spread and soaked into u dump littlo uirclo, and madoDoosoof tho bloitiiig-pajxir to remove tho stain. If any crudely iHLtliJ obsorvc? hid told Dsymnnd thut ho dandled this dtiolaUcn of his — took an (rsthetio delight iu his dorotion to tho coflincd handful of dust that had 0 qoo lived and palpitaDjdat his touch, ha would havo boon buuovtly outraged aud ourprisod. Yot tho thing whs Une. llo in ado his sorrow into a bobbr-horso daring tho last fifteen years of honest rrgrot, of uheoluto faithful- Unas to tbo memory of his dead mistress. It trntifiod him to sco tiio wvll-liulned creature unco and perform tho trick of tho hAUto ecole. He was aware that tho roninocuof that post, which he regretted with auuh real sinoerlty, addcl somotiiiog to tbo glamor of his achieved repiitntion, his mtablished fame, in tbo eyes of tbo world. Tho halo whlohit caat about him had iu- oreasctl his desirability in tho rye of tbu great lady who. after affording him number- reaa nnutillscd opportuuitD for tho do-dara- Lion of a sentiment which hor largo, hand yorno person aud her large, handrotoo property had inspirsd in many other incn, had writton him a frauk, womanly letter, placing thoeo cominodilioi unresorvcdly at his disposal. And Davmoud in his con- 1 scfoua Gdelity und nncouscioiu vanity, must i perforce reply wintrily, nipplug with tbo east wind of non- reciprocity tho mature pasriou tendrils which Bought totvino them selves about him. it was a painful task, though tho obligation of it tickled him agreeably— Another proof of the inconsistency of (hu man, who may bn regarded as a typo of bumauit j; for wo aro all veritable Day monds in that tho me Hum which gives as back to onr own gloitiug oyes day by oay is novor the crystal mirror of Truth, batsceh a lying glass oa tho charlatans of eonturies agono weru wont to mako for ncciont kings and withered (jnoons to mop and mow in. Daymond pnthod back his cbalr. and got up, and bogan to paoo from cud to ond of tho studio. The costly Moorish carpcta raufUed tho falling of his foatatops, which inter mittently sounded on ths poliihod interspaces -of tbo parqueted floor, and tboa vurc lost again in vulret rilonoo. In (ho samo way, his tall figuro with its thoughtfully bonding bond and hands olaapod behind It, would bu swallowed up amongst tbo looming ahadows of tall easels or faintly glimmoring suggcbtions of sculptor od figures which hero aud thoro thrust portions of limbs or angles ol faocs ont of tho dtuk— to appear again with tho twillt north window tor its background, or emorco onco more uj»ou tho borders of the little island of tapor-sbioo. Bo ho movod amidst tha works of bis g«nlus restlessly and wearily in and fro, and tbo in coherent muttoringa which broke from him showed that hla thoughts woro ruuuiug iu the beaten of years. " If I could soo her ugala— if our oyes and lips and hands aud hearts might meet for ovon tho fraction of a minute, as they used to do, it would bo enough. I oonld wait then patiently through thoslow decay of tbocyrioH fir tho turning of the key In tho rusty wards, and tho clauking of my broken fetters ou tho ochoing stone, and U10 burst of light that shall herald ray dolivomnco from prison." Ho lifted his arms abovo his hoad.\ 11 Oh, my dead lovo, my dear lovo I if you aro near, as I havo Bometiinos funded you woro, npcuk to me, touch mo— onco, only onuo." Ho waited a momont with closod eyelids ntid outstretched hands, and then with a dry sob of bafilod longing, stumbled back to his writlngtablo, whore tbo little taper waa flickorlug it hut, md droppod into his arm chair. 'Anaothor womon talk of lovo to tuo. What wonder I am as oold as loo to thorn, ro- tnemboriog bar!" It was a scene ho had gono through scores npon eooros of times— word and gestures vurying according to tho pathotio inspiration of tho momout. Ho knew that he was palo, and thit his eyes wcro bloarod with weeping, and ho had a kind of triumph in tho knowledge that the pain of rotrospeotivo longing aod of urencnt IonelinoM waa so poignantly real anu koon. Out of the blaoknoss behind his chair at that moment cauo a slight stir und rustle — not the sough of a vagrant draught stirring among folds of tapes try, but an undeniably human soaad. Bnt, half displeased with the suspicion that there had been a witness to his agony, he turned— tamed and saw Hor, tbo well- beloved of tho old, old timo, ttaodJog very near him. Beyond a vivid sensation of astonlshmnnt bo felt littlo. Ho did not tremblo with fear—what waa thcro iu that porfootly familiar faoo to fear t Ho aid not fall, atammoring with looohorent rapturo, at her foot. And yot, a few moments ago, be had (sit that for ono aneh eight of her, re turned from tho Unknowable to oomfort lilm —dragged taok from the mysterious Beyond by his strong yearnings— ho would havo bartered fame, honor, aud wealth — sub mit tod his body to nn-heard-of tor- tores — thod his blood to tho last heart's drop. Ho v had prayed that a miracle might be performed, and tho prayer hod boon granted Ho had longed desper ately longed— to look oa hor onco more, and theloDfring waa satisfied. And he oonld only etaro wide-eyed, and guzo with dropped jaw, imdtay stupidly: "Yottl" " For answer eho tamed hor faoo— In hue, and line and feature, no ono whit altered— so that the light might Uloaine it fully, and stood so regarding him in slloeoe. Kvary pore of hor seemed to drink in the sight of him; her lips were parted In breathless ex pectancy, livery hair of tho dark bead— vowed in the fashion of fifteen years ago ; rsry fold of tho looe drew sho woro— a garment ha knew attain ; every lift and fall her bosom seamed to cry out dumbly to fttau There was a half-queaohod spark glimmering in each of her deep eyes tha might have wanted only ono breath from his mouth to break ont into flame. Her hands hung olasped before hor. It seemed as if they were only waiting for the signal to unclasp — for tho outspread arms to summon hitn to her heart again. But tbo signal did not come. Ho caught n breath, and ro- l>catd, dully : «' Vju It is you?" She returned : "It is I." Ihe well-known tones! Recollection up- sprang in his heart like a gnh of icy waters. For a momont he was thrilled to the contra of his being. But tho smitten nervo-chorda ovasod to vibrato in another moment, and ho rose to offer her a chair. Shoinoved acro-s and took it, as ho placed it by tho aotrlo of tho wide hearth ; and lifted her skirt asido w.th a movement that came back to him a loni? way off, like her tono in speaking — and, ehadiug hor deep grey eye from the dull red heat with her white left band, looked at him intently. Ho, having pu»hod his own seat back into tbo borders of the sbadowland beyond the toper's Rloxm and' the heartb-glow, looked back at her. That hand of hers bore no ring. When he had broken tho plain gold link that had fettered it in tireopa.it, Lo hod set in its place a ruby that had belonged to his mother. Tho ruby was en his finger now. Ho hid it oat of eight in tho pockot of hi vitlvot peinting-oont, not knowing why ho did so. And at that moment sho broko tho silonco with: "You soo 1 have come tn you at Isst." He replied, with conscious heaviness: " Has the time scorned long ? " Wo have no timo, you know, whore. ... Is it raauy days since— ?" "Many days." 0 My poor Robert i Weeks 1 Months? Not years? " "Fiftcon years.' " Piftci n years ! And you have suffered all that tlmo. Oh, oruel t cruel ! If thoro was more light hero, I might see your face more plainly. Dear face 1 I shall not lovu it leas if there aro lines and marks of grief upon it— it will not eem less handsome to me at forty th»n it did at twenty-Hvo. Ah, I wish ' tbore was mora light I" The old pettishly coaxing tones 1 " But yet I do not wish lor It, lost it should show you aoy chango in "You ore not changed in. the least." ITo drew breath hard. " It might bat yesterday 1 ho said, and loft tho sentence un finished. " 1 am glad," said tho rolco that bo hod been wont to recall its wooingly swoot. "Thoy haro br'ti kindor Hum I knew. . . " Ob 1 it has always been so painful to recall," she went on, with tbo oil littlo half shrug, half shudder, " that I died an ugly death— that 1 was not pretty to look at oa I layinmycoiDn 1" Daymond recoiled inwardly. That vaoity in a woman should not bo eradicated by tbo foot of bur having siiuuly ouasod to exist, was an hypothesis never buldro administered for bis mental iligoriion. " How curiously it all happened, " bo said, hnr fall tooo trembling a little. " It wis automn— do you remember P— and tho treed in tho Bois and tho garden of tho Luxem bourg wore getting brown. There woro brightly dressed crowd walking ou tho TJoulovardc, and riltiDg round tho Httlo tables outsido too ' reflUiurauts, Ono could smell chloride of lime and carbolio acid crossing tho gutters and soo tho braziers burning at tho comers of infected street-, and long string of hearses going by; but nothing scorned so unlikely as that either of us should ho taken ill an t die. Wo were too wi&kud;, you said, and too happy. . . . only the good, mitu ruble people were carried off, boouuio any other would bn tnoro Huitablo to them than this. ... It wn nonsense, of coursa, bnt it served iu to laugh at. Then, bcoiuso you could not soil your groat .Salon picture, and wo could not afford tho expanse, you gavo a suppor At tbo Cafo ties TroinObreaux— ond Vu!«ry and tho others joined us. 1 was ro happy that night , . my now drew became me. . I wore yellow roses yourfavorito M urachal NioU' YThen t was putting them in my bosom and my hair you came behind and kirnod mo on tho shoulder. O, m on l)ieu I non Dieu ! I can feel It now. Wn went to tho Varieties, and then to suppor. I had never folt so guy. 1'oopln aro like that, I remember having h"ird, just when they are going to die. Vofer7 gaped— I bolicvo ho was half la love with me, and 1 teaeod him because I ktiotv you would bo jealous. In the-o days you would havo been jealous of tho audio simrrlis. Tfa 1 ha ! ha !" D<tytnoud shuddered. Tho recurrent, French phrases jarri-d on him : something in her voice and manner soariile I inexpressibly his reusitiro perceptions. Ho wondered, dumbly, whether tliu had always boon like this. She " And then, suddenly, in tho mlditoftho laughter, tho ehnmnttgn'), the good dlshc — the pains of hell I "tiho ehudiiurcd. "And then u blank, and waking up in bed at tho hospital, etlli in thesn tortures— and gottiug worse, and seeing in yoar while fsco that 1 was going to tllo ! Drip-drip! I could fool your tears falling upon my face, upon my hand; hut I was uron impatient of you In my pain. Onco I fnnciod that 1 heard my:<elf saying that I bated you. Did I really?" " I think— I bollovo you did. But of coursiH— 11 Daymond stoppod, andtthud- dcred as sho leaned across to him caressingly, so near that her rimporiert brushed his knoo and her breath fenztod upon hu face. "Imagine it," aho cried, "that I hated you. You to whom 1 had given myself — you for whom 1 left inv ito Interrupted, speaking in an odd, trained voice, "Never mind that now." " 1 htul always wished to dio first, " she re sumed, " bat not in that way; not without leaving you alcgaoy of kind words and kisses. Ab !" (her voico stolu to his ears most pload- inglyj, "do you know that I havo been bore, I ciunot tell how long, and you have not Listed mo onco, darling ?" She roso up iu her place— sho would havo conio to him, but ho sprang to hu feet, and thrust out bwth hands to koop her off, cry- log, " No ! no J" Sho sauk book Into hnr scat, looking at him wido tyod and wonderingly. "Is ho afruidofmo?" sho whi, pored tn borsclf. " I am not afraid of you," Dttymoud ro- turned, almost roughly. "But you must muko iiUowincc3 for rau at first. Your sudden coming— tho surpriso " " Ah, ye« ! tbo Hurjiriso —and (ho joy———:' Ho olesred bis throat und looked anothor way. Ho was shainodiy conscious that tho emotion that stiffened bis toncuo and ham pered his gestures was something widely dif ferent from joy. Hu spoke again, confurodly. " This scores Jiku old umcs " "Before I died," sho said, "without bid ding good-byo to you. Dear? if you guessed bow i huvo lunged to kuow what you eaid anil did when it was all over, you wuuU not mlod tolling me. . . . 4 Ami hey grieving — thoso whom I havo left behind?" is a question that is often naked in tho plnce I coma from. You were sorry. You cried. Alt ! I kuow you tnust havo cried." "Iboliovo," Daytuond returned, moving restlessly inhJs chair, 44 that 1 did. And I — I kissed yuu, though tho doctors told mo lot to. I wantod to catch tho cholera und dio too, I boliovo." 44 Yes." " And when tho pcoplo camo with tho coffin, 1—" ho bit hia lip— 44 1 would not lot them touchyou.' " My poor boy !" Ho winced from tho tenderness, llo felt with indesuribahle sensations tiro light pres sure of that woll-known, onco woll-loved touch upon hla arm. 44 Aua thuo— after tho fancrtl, I bollero I had a brain feror." lio passod his hand tiirongh his waving, lightly grixzlod hair, aa If to asaiat hit lagging memory — roaliy as an exouae for shaking off that Intolerable burden of her hand. ' And when I recovered I found there was no way to forgetfulneea "—he heard her sigh faintly — 44 except through work. Iworkod then— I am working etill." 44 Always alono f" 44 Generally alono. I havo novor married." 44 Of oourao not " A faint dissent bogon to stir !n htm at this matter-of-fattacqnleecencein his widowed- turtie-liko eetibaoy. 44 It may interest yon to know," he observed, with a touch of tho pompous manner which had grown oponhhn with the growth of his reputation, 44 that my career has boon euocesniul In tho strongest iosm of the word. I havo become, 1 may aay, ono of tho leaders of the world of Art. Upon ho doc esse or resignation of the President of the , It U mora than probable that I shall be Invited to occupy his vacant plsoe. And an iutiuiHtioa Los rtaobed tuo, from certain eminent quarters—" ho paused weightily, 44 that a lMtonstoy will be oonferrod upon me, a that event!" " Yes?" The tone betrayed an absolute lack of atten tion. Bhe had once bees uaod to take a keen interest In his occupations ; to be oast dpvn by his failures and elated by hla oaoceoeM. Had that (mthnolatm oonatituted the greater part of her charm P In Its absenoe, Day-' taond beuan to find her— most Itbe confessed.' —hot indifferent company. In the embarrassment that momentarily stiffened him, an old habit camo to his rescue. Before he knew it, bs had taken a cigar from a silver bux upon tbo writing- table, and was saying, with the politely apologetic accent of the wool i-bo re oxer ; 44 May I. You used not to mind." _ She made a gesture of assent. As tho first rings of blninb vapor mounted into tbo air, Daymond found hor watching him through them, with tho-o intent, expectant eves. Feeling himself bound to ma'ko some observation, ho said: 44 It Is very wondorful to me to so you here. It was verv good of you to come." bhe returned ; 44 They had to let rao romc, I think. I begged so— I prayed so— that at lost— — " She paused. Daymond was not listening. Ho was looking at hir stead fastly, and thinbinc. It had bocn his whim, in tho first poignancy of his bereavement, to destroy all portraits of her, 0 that with tho lapse of yean no faulty touch should bewray the memory of bcr vanished bcautv. It struck hitu now for tbo tint timo that bis brush had played tho courtier, and flattered her, for the most part, unblunhiniflj. He found himself oriticf- ing nnfarorubly tho turn of her throat and tho swell of her bosom, and the dark voluptuous Uoguisbmont of her look. The faint porfamo of heliotropo that was shaken forth now, as of eld tiruo, from ber hair and her garments no longer intoxicated, bnt Aickenod him. This, then, wa the woman he had mourned fur fifteen years. lie bcg&n; to feel that he had murmured un wisely at the dispensation of 1'rovidence. He bogau to revolt at this recrudescence of an outworn posiiou— to realisu that at twenty- fivo he had taken a coramcnplico woman for n diviuity— a womau whom, if she had not died when sbe did, ho would havo wearied of— ended perhaps in hating. He found himeoif in dangor of bating her now I 44 At last they let mo como. They said I should repent it — as If I could I" Hor eyes rested ou him linger- ingly ; her hand stillod the eager trembling on her lip. 44 Never ! Of ooursc you scorned n little strange at first. You ore not quito— not quito yourself now : It is natural— aftor fifteen years. Aod presently, when I tell you O I what will yon say when I tell yon all? " Sho left her chair and came towards him, 3 swiftly that ho bad not time to avoid hor. Sho laid her hand on hD shoulder and bent her mouth to hi ear. One of her peculiarities had been that her lips were always cold, evon whoa her paaaion burned must fiercely. Tho uearncss of tbore Hp., onco bo maddongly desirable and sweet, inndo Daymond's llwh crct p horribly. Ho brcatbod with difficulty, and tho groat drops of agony stood thickly'on his forehead— uot with weak, superstitious terror of tho ghost ; with unutterable loathing ol the womsn. 41 Listen !" sho said. "They aro wise in tho pluco 1 camo from ; thoy know things that are not known bore. You havo beard it said that onco in tho lifo of every human being living npon earth come a tlmo when tho uttoranco of a wish will ho fol lowed by its fulfilment. Tho poor might bo made rich, tho sick vroll, tho fid merry, tbo loveless beloved— in ono moment — if they could - only know when that moment come. But not oncu in a million million lifetime. do they hit upon it ; and so thoy )i?o pcuntlcB and in pain, and sorrowful and lonely, all thoir lives. I let ray chance go by, like rnuny others, long before I died ; but yours iA yet to como." Her voice thrillud with a note uf wild triumph : tho ulaRp of her arm lightouod ou his melt. 41 Oh, lovo!" sbo cried, 44 the wonderful momeut irt eioso at hand! It is mi'hiight now" — slro pointed to tho groat north window, through which tho frosty diver fatioof the moon waa staring in reliof against a framcd-ln square uf velvet black- ncre studded with twiukliug Ator-puints — 44 but with tho first signs of the dawn that yon and I bavo greeted together, heart of rny houri !— bow re soy times in tho days that may como again 1— with tho greying of the Kaxl and the paling of tho stars comes the Op;>ortauUy for you. Ho understood, and quailed before her. Bat sho was blindly confidout in his truth, etupidly reliant on hi constancy. " When it comes, hoioved, you shall tako mo in your arms— breathe your wish upon tbeo lips of mino, in a ki«. Say, whilo God's ear ia onon, 4 Father, give her back to me, living aud loving, no of old !' and 1 shall be given — 1 shall bo given !" Sho throw both arms about him and loaned to him, and sobbed and laughed with tbo rapturo of hor revelation and tho anticipation of the joy that was to oomo. 44 Homombcr, you >nust not hesitate, or tho golden chnnro will p-n beyond recall, and I fchall go back whence 1 uatno, never mors to return— never more to clasp yon, dcoreit one, until you din too, and como to mo (sre yon cold, that you fhutldnr so IJ— ar.d bo with mo for always. Listen, listen !" An eho lifted hrr hand tho greatest of all tho great bull-voice of i.oudan spoke ont tbo midnight hour. As other voire answered from far and near Daymond shuddered and pnt bin dead Wo from him, and roeo up irembliug aud ghostly polo. Thoy raovt-d together to tho window, and etood lookiug out. Tbo weather was about to ohange ; tho snow was melting, the thaw- drip plashed heavily from roof guttor and tuloonic, cornices and window ledge. An she laid bor band onco more upon his nhauldenf tho ntars Iwgan to fade out one by ono, end in a littlo while frc-u tLtra tiio eastward horizon quiverod with tho first feint throes of dawn. "Wish!" bLo criod. 44 Now I now! before it is too lato." Shu niavud as if to throw herself again upon his breast ; bnt ho thrust hor from him with resoluto hands that trembled no more. 44 1 wish," ho etiid very distinctly, 44 to bo Sir Robert Daymond, Iferonot, and Presldont of tiio 1 before tho year is oat." Shu fell away from him, and wanned, nod became unnabstantlal and shadowy like the ghost sho was, aud uuliko the thing of thish and blood sho had seemed before. Nothing remained to her of lifolikcnc. but the scorn and anger, tho anguish and reproach of her greet eyes. 44 Ouy tho Dcerd aro faithful to lovo— be cause thoy are doad," sho said. " Tho living livo oa— and forget. Thoy may remember sometimes to regret us — beat thoir breast and call upon our names— but tboy shudder if wo unnwer bank across tbo distance; and if we should olfer to oomo back, 4 Return,' thoy say ; 4 go and lie down iu the oumfortabla gravos wo havo made you ; thoro 1. no room for you in your old place any more !' I was told I should bo lurry for ootning ; hut I would not listen, I trusted so in you. Iam Winer now — wiser now 1— Good-byo." A long sigh fluttered by him In tho soml- obsuurity, like a bird with a broken wing. There was a rattling of nnrtniu-rings, tha dull sough of falling tapestry, aud tbo opoa- ing aud dosing of h door. bho wr gono; su<l Daymond, waking from strsngoly droamfal slumbers to tho choorlesHOcs j of dying embers aud burnod- out cuudlo, rang tho boll fnr hU servant, aud ordered lights. A few iniuutos later saw him, perfectly drcseod, stopniog into bis cab. 41 ObcHtortield Gurdun, Mayfair," bo said, giving the direction to his valet for tmua- ferennoto tbo groom. 44 Beg pardon, sir. bnt Lady Mary Fraser's servant ii still waiting.'' Tbo mau pointed book to tho bousn. 44 Ah!" said Daymond, who had a pass ing glimpse of shea cord and gaiters re posing before his hull firo. 44 Tell him I havo takon tho answer to his mistress myself." Aud a ho apoko he Acattored a handful of torn-up squares of paper— tho fragments of a letter probably— in largesse to the nisrht and gusty wuathor.— 44 World." 