MATR.IMONiA1 MIShlAPS. NEIG IBOUR ltiOWN'S COSTLY BiLUNDER. [b ENINR\', what do you think!? Mr. I I aveIchsdlol is studying for the aingo. IlI alls writ. ln i playI , ncul says lie will road it to u to Iiglht," lsaid lMrsL. WVilon, somtiowhl, excitedly-, as her Ihusband was roluvil his overcoat.lllL Ila tolppAl procedilngs, with oneuo arm still i the luevol of hiu s l ?, uto staro at his wife. "(lhlual hleavoeou, Aollma, hIave we got to like this t oI lop of the Ilauto 1 Either anounllsilsa y, but ho two togothellr lmeanll deatlh-- colhlligurecd deatll! I wiush you and tlhat hlron-lprportinodbipod to under shuta tllat lI'l u Ino houogralph, to have every fool il the country yell at und oxpect ilug ino to rupolnt Lto-llorruov the utterances 1 aIt forced to heaur. If th idiot begins any of his riutings arouUd imc, hl iu llablo to gob his head punchccd. I havo no love for his logship, to begin with. A striking appear nwcu ho would ilako oi thello ugo I 1 will sit out in the barn until theo urtain drops," Wilsoi savagely said. "I iknow I shall cijoy it, andl you would too, only you are envious of his loulnts," oho "UnldoUbltlly, nilatidam," he eioulctdl, elonvaing his chin and castinlg a disdainful glihieo l Iai wite. "ll laid tho plot in Iroeland, iI the clay of iacieit chival'ryi silo oxplllilcd. "If hIo had dlid ib on bho lire with tlat clternall flute, his posetriLy would hav1111 risen upIII called hin blessed," ho grIowled. The houro slowly pIlasedl adll sIlpplr-iineo came. Mr. aid irs. \Wiloou woro at the tablo witllh their hourilder. " eo exllect to hear thalt ilny this oven inlg, andl would preferol it in chlrnactor," said .Mrs. W\ilson, i ithey iroCse from the tLblo IL the closo of tlh mleal. "'Vory well I will do my best," answorcd Shaveusdlt.u 1I0 soon mUle lhis al pp)oLlIrance, with a long carilot cloak thrown over his sehouldors, cwhitie likno pints. black slockingse, and it greuen vet. )augling ill his slPurriied hl was a swoird iof prodligious longth. Aftor readling a feow moments, ho llil noble hie malnluript, lld recited tile plly fromu iiomry. \Vhecliog round to \Vilson, aild ulrawing his sword, ho elhouted : "1 II II thue Ghost of Ancioent Chivalry, come to do blttlo for thoe downilrodden Ieolle of our unhappliy laid. Do you clar iceult tho gulgoel" "'cul bob lyour bones I do I And if you will lay down thllat prllliil knlifo, uiil comel nt IUl waith l rlluo liuacles, I will fix you so your own folks would not know you from a barrel of niicumola: I No specilmen of it cnlltre-poleo ll whoop-la a iroulld ily houeHO wiLthoutL hlnring foaIim yours truly, 'ubt lou,' your piirod-ptlolu and faco the inusi," Ihowld \Vilnl. "tHenry W\ilso, are yOtl crazy"- " Iay lown your lish lspear, alld lUmeeoi Lo hllf-w ly " yelled W\ilsonU dleully. W'ilh oln loang auri uxtcinded towards the coillng, anud th other with sword in hand iallting at \Vilson, thu Ghost of Auciont Chivalry hissedu : (h'lseloippur I spilor I Ilea I I could crush you wilth the weight of Illy liltle Sfihger I 'You lor not worthy of any sleel I" Sandtl with ia kighlly bhrug of his sholullcrs Shu strodeo frlii the romu. lnllenusdlo's dog cai friom undellr Lho lpiano, lazily stretlcteld hliimiulf ind Irotted towanrds the door. \\\'il i t llound \V'ilsou iuail kick at the aioluuil. lfill it stlrucki Ilhe objecb lit which it 'waos nlluid, It wouldl have drliven the dlog throngh the silde of the house or broken W\Vilson's leg. But the dog slilpped out of hlurl'sa way, anlld Wilson launded buckwardl oil li hlad i it chailr. "I 1imn ghlt of it I Servos you right I Whl t do you supillo MrIl. Itaueusdalo thlilk of you iow '" hlas wifo criedl. " Wilson slowly dlrew hilmself ipoll the chuiu. Ila rightl lo, sotoo straight out i frollut of him, aui he holl hiu back with both hIIlds. fl gauzed at his wife with a1 lUilurlinfil oxiressiour , and groUlaned folobly. " What in th mattllor 1" shou asked. " MAy baclikbou ia brloki," u repollied. "Nonuseeu I If it wcr you could Iot mlove 1" " Yer, it is. I cu feel theo frncturo, and1 I itul certuin tiuhat the two ucnd of the bonet have slipplled by each othor," hio whliopurod. " Vhy tlo you hloli your leg out't lltt way 1" " 'iarulyzedl l"lho moanedl. "ililgo I 'You are ill i|ght." "'Of culro l it. I IutL all hilditruibbor milti. No such thing 1s hurlini g Iio. Never. tholucal. thi night's work has boon the whill upi of mny cl'lhly niltlirs. 'The only thing I rogret i tlihat I did not kill the idiutleotork 1 alll ging ti) IllltiiO ni iow will, Iidl sotiapu. lato lthat ifyou lmarry hinl, overy ceoIt will go to fouud i hiouo for uilo'vcd Ihusbnucdo," ho exclaimed. " 'Thiro' a lauld thIlt ia fhirer than this," the boarder roftly pIlayell o histlluto, W\iluon was on llas feet lilke It jumping jack, and kicked hIls chalir across the room with his paralyzed foot. "That flutoecolno to have a groel healing powar for you, my dead," observed his wile. "Thab fiod must go I 1 will pitch him and hias outfit from the chamber window" "'Thiro's It good tilo coulig,"l pealoed forthl the fluute. "It hascomo' righlt ow I" yellod Wilson, oticting for the stalirs. A ring to the dloor-boll caused hilm to turn back, and, opening tho door, ho was con fronted byhtieoelghbour, Mlr. Brown, who alked lihn to top outllsidelo for It momonut, " llotary," hie sd, " I liavoe avays triod to bea noilghbour, land lover hal ainy fault to intl with you until you mnndo lhome for that buan-polo, who cnnllollOt OOlp without Iplyhig i fluto to msors by. A\y wife and I ve ilhl awake nighlta for thire mortal wuooks, and aloplt inL the diy-tlhiu until wo iinigluo we call o e flutets ia long at the troc tlhoy are shiuppuig from CUliforuii to tho \Vorltl' Fulil, indl twlco Lbs largo arouid, withi holus ill tholi liki collnrs. I hlll aveo rofteiloug of thie bralu, or whloolpig coughl, if Ia lint sltoplld," addlild BruwL, as hle ulopouldlelly luolok hlls head. " Dear frieutlof l ny childlhood' duyse, 1 a11111 Ia laraocuctd m11111n, ad f'rouii thO OIlIIa outlIrceo. (live looyoir' holloureld hliidiI, Ifrowni auld thioi gaLhir all the bricks, elonoa, on1s ldunarl cai tl are dlstlribtdl through thlo alloy, iul llrow thlomn throllughll tho willow ito lls roomll. I will stan l all damagus," clhucklld \Vilsoa; " lionosb " l"lautLlocld Brown, ",Shliro tillng 1 Laud iI low alonKsgil of his eloigatld had, i?ad I will staund the clKgur. ' PumIL thloln Il thllol I 100o1r illnd thoI?e es t its mlly hou 01," elld \Wileol, tiltlRr Brow oanouuragllhgly onl tlheo aluhouhllor. "I wil tlo loLby jocks I aIodd BIrown. Wileon wolt back ilto the housoi, nd wlthl a uiorry twalillo in his oyea tlirow hin. elf non the loulngo. i" \?h'o was tliit'" ilntltirod Mlrs. Wilhol.o "'A lilaii to o mo oii bultloes," WRas \Witous ehlorb reply . M"'loot no by ioonllglhtl," oamo in dlulcob tole frolll to flOuto. 1f wcas qully followed by - ardah of giiss, natl I heavy isubutlanoo oll oi the ohambor floor. - " Lhoat waso thatl" oriled Mrs. Wilso, s p r ihi g hi g ;t o h er l 'Oe , " ")?'s only your chuln, the Irish Ghost, relleareilg," giggled Wilson. Th mousic beganl againl, andll tihe Cgl-::" bleitn to rattle. ''hunip I hnmg! in qmirm ? entce sion, min ftler another, r.everal miritiles dropped ,rI the floor anl pounIded tol walol. "Somnlmone is hrculting your willrlndo yelled thi boundur from tlhulcn d Iof the " lireaking your wilndows, tro thloy iqmuired \\\'il.son, run.ning ii10 the itair. j N io, it is in tlhe otiur rounl,"' Ircplietu Itho bo?rder. " \llhat," yclled Wilson, rushing to Iho dour, to lietl tie floor coovred with olono aund gl-h. lttlh windowa wure dumnolilhed iltlo lltastering wasn brohkon in severalIL plhet.i.. " The oul fool hsn booen bombrding tho wongm wiruldows I trown will Lo down in his Iuicket ltn a p ly or thin! Idiot! conunrd !" \\\ilson ejaculated, rushing down the stairs. " :li clnes of youlr .muIl..lenI hourder !" growled Wilon, addrussinghis wifo. "'Iu will pay learl? for this job I" "\Whuo d itt Wh o will pay for it, ?" cried MIro. WVilton. " T'Lhat long-neulmed boarder I" ho yelled. "\VWhy do you nlo go oubnumd sue who it wasl" alshosked. "I sruplose you think the rioters air waiting toobo recognized. I am going to bedl, Thu coenuarnedl fool I" \Vilson muttered to himself. "All Brown* knows is to raiso m gioat." "i juso believe Ifenry Wilson engaged someon to do it, and his agonh Ihas broken the wrong wingdows," sho murd, eying her husbanmd curiously. 