International Wesson. SUNDAT, JULT 2nd. ^ Acts xvi., 6-15. V: Paul, Called to Europe. .. Golden Text (Matt, xxviii. 19).- — v ' Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the naine of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Paul's Travels. - - The lesson forms part of the record of Paul's second missionary journey. ' The account begins at xv. 36. , We be gin to-day with verses 6, 7. Mention is made of the ' region of Galatia.' A most interesting event which happened here is not recorded in this history, but we learn it from Gal. iv., 13, 14, 15. St. Paul was detained by illness, but, instead of taking complete rest, he em ployed the opportunity to preach the Gospel to the Galatian people. They were a quick, excitable people, very easily' impressed, and they welcomed gladly the new teacher and his mes sage. Soon after his departure, oppon ents appeared, and under their in fluence the Galatians turned round com pletely, and abandoned the great Apos tle. All this finds no place in the his tory before us. We learn it incidentally from references to the subject in the Epistle to the Galatians. The names of districts mentioned in these verses must be understood in a wide and popular . sense, without any precise reference to the provincial boundries. 'Asia' is the western por tion of Asia Minor. It was to Asia Minor what Portugal is to Spain. The manner in which Paul and Silas were led. by the Spirit of God must be noticed. ' They were forbidden of the Holy Ghost ' (ver. 6) ; ' the Spirit suffered them not' (7). They follow.ed not their own inclinations. They listen ed for the Divine Yoice. The Vision in Tboas. Troas was the name of a district and of a town. The town was upon the sea coast. It was one of the most celebrated places of ancient history, the famous Troy. Here St. Paul beheld the vision described in verse 9. The call which he now received was to go over to the European mainland, and preach the Gospel in Macedonia. A change in the person of the pro nouns should be observed in verse 10. Up to this point of the journey the writer speaks of the travellers as 'they,' — 'they, passing by Mysia, came down to Troas.' But now the writer of the book associates himself with the mission aries ; ' we endeavoured to go into Macedonia' (ver. 10) ; 'we went to prayer' (ver. 16). From this change of person, it seems probable that St. Luke, who wrote the Acts of the Apos tles, joined Paul and Sila&, as a helper, at thiB place. The Purple-Seller op Phillipi. Phillipi was distant from Neapqlis abont ten miles. In verse 12 w,e are told that it was a colony, by which ,y?e must not understand simply that people . from Rome had come to live there and do pretty much as they liked. A colony was an exact reproduction of Rome in another country. All who were Romans in the place were 'citizens;' those who were not Romans were 'strangers.' Those who had received the gift of citizenship were counted as Romans. They held something of the position to born Romans, which proselytes held to the Jews. The Jews evidently were few in Phillipi, for there was no synagogue. There was, however, a 'place of prayer' (R.V.), outside of the city gate, by a river-side. Possibly there may have been a slight and temporary structure, open to the eky. Here women resorted for worship. ' The fact that there were only women shows the almost entire absence of a Jewish population.— Plumptre. These preachers declared the truth to these few women by the river-side. A most important and interesting event it was, for it was the first time of which we have any account that the Gospel was preached in Europe. The first convert was Lydia. She was already a proselyte to Judaism, as in dicated by the expression, ''which worshipped God,' used to describe such converts. The Lord still further taught her. She had been faithful to the light already given, and now advances to a clearer light, and becomes a Christian. Note her baptism, and that of her household. It seems that she was a widow with children. This little family enrolled itself by this outward sign in Christ's army. Note her charity, her hospitality, a result of her faith. Note in conclusion, the quietness of the be ginning of the Church in the great con tinent of Europe, which affords an illus tration of what seems to be the usual divine way of working. 