POLITICAL POINTS. TCESDAT TO rather au eventful day ia the Assembly. There wu not a very large at tendance, though there were more members on the premise! than the numbers recorded in the one division taken would lead one to suppose. The question was an unpleasantone,and, at not infrequently happens on such occasions, several of those who ought to have responded to the tintinabuiations of the sergeant's summons suddenly discovered that they had orgent business elsewhere. Most of those who were not to be found at the critical moment were members who eit, and usually vote, with the Government. And so fit came about that, when the tellen had told the tale of the dlvl siont Ministers found themselves In a minority. True, the minority was only one; but it was a minority all the same. And, remembered In connection with a previous defeat, and two doad heat divisions, all in the present aenlon -and having regard to the fact that it was brought about by the want of organisation and want of loyalty on the strougor,tather than whipping np on the weaker, dde-4emember. iug moreover that tight undoubtedly ;«epted. with Minister*-it was enough to sotely try the temper of Sir Thomas and UlidlMw, They were angry. Some of their supporters had once more Ailed them; they had " subjected to the ignominy of antral defeat; and they bad bad toait liy narrow majority established a precedent 1. is utterly wrong, and one whioh must be set aside sooner or later II the Standing Oeder* are to have any greater valne than that iff the paper on which they are printed, » . . . » . » Tux trouble arose In this way. Mr. McDonald, one of the members of toe Lkbor party, immediately after the formal btssteees had been disposed of rose to move the ad journment of the House, saying tit kM, in accordance witfa Um tulo ID tuoh made and provided, riven notice In writing to,Mr. WE*'. 5"H»do*en wwabw* Wbodjiplo signify their intention of suppottiu nlr. McDonald, who was about to proceed with his remarks, whenthi PritolS-SBBrahe Speaker whether, in his opinion, the matter which it was proposed to discuss wasooeof upgent publio importance. The flpashsr rather Hartled the front bouchen andotter old hands by declaring that It wunoterUkU the province .of the chair to nnliiii'illiMTmi point. He had received the ntinnsssij.aiilhiii and five memben having risen toa upport tha motion, it vm foe the the discussion should proceed « held that it was not for the Speaker tAMes Ml opinion on the question. Sir Thomas UdH* wraith at once pointed out that theHooss* not even know what subject It was ]' ; to bring forward; the Speaker iM., anythingabout the natter-be Mm notice in writing, and it was whether the question was one of |* publio importanoe" within the n' Standing Order No. 180. How. wi House express an opinion one snbjeotx it was In utter ignoranoe T The i it may be stated, requires a ttnpiuc wishes to move the adjournment to i any uigent publio question, to gtvefcbuoau writing to Mr. 8peaker ; thereafter, Wbbnjto Speaker annonnoes the receipt tfibaaottM aud calls the question op, if not thaaflr* members rise to support themover, hewiajr proceed. JiT*; . . . «. . * ! ^ Tue Speaker's contention was that thlW of deciding whether the question She" treated as nigent, and the motion fotai* ment permitted, rested with the Hob* he ruled to that effect, quoting SMmI mons precedents in support of hU dixgsum. The Premier, on the other hand, argheS^liat this duty In the first instance restefMnxbO Speaker; if he hetd that the quesawFwn urgent-that * prima facie case fordisMsAon had been made oat-he would aooept tin motion to adjourn, but it oonld not even be put. aud certainly no debate eonld crisna. until It bad been further stamped with the approval of at least five other memben. He therefore took the extreme and somewhat unusual course of moving that the Speaker's ruling be disagreed with. The Leader of the Opposition, Mr. ex-Speeker Oroom, andaevetwl members pf the letbor psrty supported!!)* Speaker's rnlingj while the Attora^-0«n»t£ the Colonial Treasurer, the Minister u* Lands, Mr. Drake, and others argued frotn the other point of view. lit. By roe. effect oally disposed of the Speaker's Kn'zlUh precedents mmonstule R - SSW.w, ii<i»»l|W*yH by showiug that nt Honte' of Omimiiiw is essentially differentto tbe ruJe ln force in the Queensland Aseembly. Bat nobodjr seemed to know of preoedents in ourownplsjr lUment, u lite at Vast session, whenVMr. Speaker Norton ruled-in the Downes ana Hoolan case-that the doty of de(Jdlqg<he question of ixgenoy rested with th»8peak?r;t and.be aoted accordingly. After twtoinr debate the House divided on the Premiers motion, with the result that It was (lefestea, and the Speaker's ruling oonfirmed, by S* votes to SI. . . ...«.? Mr. MCDONALD accordingly moved "that the House do now adjourn," and proceeded to speak at some length on the subject Of the agreement between the Government ttnfl the Q.N. Bank with regard to.the (tnwt of interest on the public deposits. I'M agree ment, the Honse was informed a f?w day? previously, had not been signed, and lit the payment of the 4} per cent, interest U, ac cording to the Aot of the aearion, to begin from the date of signing the agteemont, the member for 'Flinders explained in a general way bis fear that the Bank was getting at the country, through the Government, to the tone of nino hundred or a thousand a week. The Colonial Secretary now rose to order. He wanted to know what the member for Flin ders was driving at. What was the object of his motion? The Honse was still in Ignor ance. Why had the letter whioh the non. member addressed to Mr. Speaker not been oommuuioated to the House f He asked that it be read. After a smart passage be tween the Chair and the Treasury bench, the Speaker road the letter, and Mr. MoDonald concluded his speech. The Treasurer, in reply, said the agreement had not been algned even yet, and for very good reason!, which would be oommunioated to the Houts at the proper time-not before. As to the question whether the country would lose anything by the delay, his answer was " No." # . ? « * . » * TUB Uounoil's amendment In the Meat and Dairy Produce Bill, providing that at the expiration of twenty-one years from the Hate of the commencement of the Aot all moneys stauding to credit of the funds shall be divided pro rata among the contributors, was next called on for consideration. The Premier, in a long speech, made short work ot the Lords. They had no . right, he contended, to go beyond their Constitutional powers; yet that was what they were doing in the present case. Tliey were attempting to usurp powers whioh oould only be exercised by the representative brauoh of the iitnUlalure. Sir Thomas quoted the Constitution Act by the yardln support of his contention, aud concluded by moving that the Bill be sent book to the COUB oil with a polite message informing their Lord- ~ ships that they wore trenching upon forbidden ground. They had no right to do what they had done, nnd ninst undo it. The Leader of tlio Opposition, all the lawyers, and all the Labor members supported Sir Thomas. Mr. Alluu and Mr. Archer, believing the Council's amendment to affirm a principle that Is just hi Itself, hold that the Assembly should agreo to it j but they avoided the Constitutional jucstion. Mr. Dalryinplc and Mr. Murray took ft tomewhftt almMav view% but the Home WM with Ministers, ami the Premier's motion to disagree with the Gounoil'a amendment wn* carried on the voices. The Lord'* muet either fturrendMVor take the reaponaibilUy of throw* log (he Bill out. . . Ik Committee of Supply fairly gnod pro gnu «M made will, tl.e e»tunBl^ (ur Colonial Secretary e department. » tl,c vote far Police m being considered, Mr. Reid complained that he had not addressed a single meeting during the past two years without a detective from the Colonial Secre tary's department being present. ine Colonial Seerelary was making a Paul Pry ot himself lusending detectivos to overy petty muting held in and around Brisbane. He protested against the spy system. The Colonial Secretary said the detectives went amongst crowds at meetiugs on the chance of catohtng stray criminals; they had no special instructions to go to particular places, and for aught he knew to the contrary, they might he in the House now. " Yes," chimed in Mi\ Held, »there is one of your spies over there, and tie luilloated the private gallery. The loader of the Opposition said lie, too, hud seen deteotives at several meetings in which be had takeu part. He did not see why people should not be free to bold public meet togs without spies being sent to watch them. Sir Thomas bluntly declared that such talk was sorry drivel. It was their vanity which led members to Imagine they were being shadowed. The good young in»nfrom tiymple-who really seems to regard l.lnueU aslatent rain and nnflred gunpowder-said lie had been "treated as an outlaw and an agitator." He was very angry s but members only laughed In that Irreverent way which is more fatal than measles to budding polltl otas. * Cohtsaby to expectation very little trouble ?was experienced in getting the Co operative Communities' Land Bill through committee in Couhoil. In the days when W illiam Henry Walsli was a conspicuous figure in the superior brauoh of the Legislature sucli a dis tinctly JoolaHstie measure would have becnat dsges with its eyes picked out, to its fond paren I; orit^m towh'di the BUI waa subjected was mild as mother s milk, and was directed almost entirely against 'vror minor provisions; little or nothing was Mid on the subject of direct State aid. Per .haw their Lordships feared to interfere with Sefinaucialclauses. They had already veu tured to tamper with the beef and butter bill inits tenderest clan*s, and were lying ow awaiting the ineviuble oonsequenoes et their temerity. One little difference of this kind -waaeaoagh to' bavo on hand at a time. Irac tlcally the only amendment offered was to pre :vent men employed in labour ooloniea exeroU (Off the franchise. This was moved by Mr. Gregory, and the House-at the Instance of .ee the doven foot of Conservatism. Fbok the general listener's point of view the ordinary debate on the Estimates is rarely "tiVerestlbtt. It often seems to him like a vest desert Inwhloh an oasis, oc verdant apt, nem«ppean. When a point does arise ft is SSS^Kan worried to pieces thateventhe Done of oontentlon is worn away. Wat matten not to eome members. When they have lost their bone they are still happy in thedlsooselonof the shadow. It fa only on audi occasions as last night that one roaUs«s thS'vast Importance of Clerks of Petty Ses rffH.. *nd Police Magistrates. Each modest oocupant of either office has bis champions, and If by any chance his emolnmente are tiofaeavrMftotfe* tojpb.vtl»vB irith faoUrto show that kvTto&tirf.;*»# beenidou^ Now, the vworowtoBve tried to wodoiow in this Department, aud on a cursory glance the method they have adopted does not eeem flhWtfnnaMiL Clerks of Petty Sessions are swrtwerpaW, but they are not the worst paid people in the publlo service...^L^oS e * case io «rhidiotfB v.P.S. «od Mdary «800 a year, whilehUchief,the P.M.,onlygot*600. From an <«riW botnt of -vlpw toe dlepatity seems ere* hot no doubt the C.P.8. had to work E5aIw Ms money. The Government have -resolved to work on a new plan. The Inxure nf innnltl frn is to be abolished, and the EpTsTofthepreeentdsy has to do his work Mra-AMd salary. In many placet he has alaoto act as ^U. anA in a variety of other ? He (? in fact a veritable Lord Executioner. He has a great many s tolled Into one* but alas only one salary. » '? * .' . . * * ' Tlttt oomfortably ^wd in'tl'ntton, the Oovttnmebt Printing Office, Is likely to have io Mto'trntngb the fire. There is * pretty MitiSrojainlon that a lesson in' economy might Sa2?K»i^«?s5 hu «pnarenUy resolved not to wait tor the em SyT He is going to retire ou the pension whlofTyears oi a6Ve servioe have entitled.him £>. It nay be that when a committee of the Jftmee sits with pondorous weight on the Government Printing Office the result will be salutary. .Atthe same lime it h« to oue will have to ne «a«en tnai oyuu««. eoonomy it is not allowed to go to raolc and ruin. To any one of socialistic leanings it would eeem absurd that, equipped as it is, the Oovernment Printing Office cannot do Its work as cheaply aa any common or garden printing office. The tacts seem to ehow that Us .printing is not done so oheaplv, bat very tnacbdearer than, private printing offices. By what process» private opn.pany ls golng to torn out Haiuard at less cost to the Government than the present system Is. a mvsterv. And then what is to be done with the expensive flowand plant if the printing |s*obelarmad ontto private people 1 HAS the ghost of Northern separation been effectively laid at last! For session after keribn ihUpolltlcal spectre hMhsantedthe Parliamentary Chamber, calling almost nltfondy for exorcism io some way or . Mother' Sometimes its appeals have risen to . frantic pitch, and the unwilUng eara of Southern members haysi been forced to ^sten. A :long debate has followed, in which the greatTnjnatioes of the North, ctylog asi It. is said to Heaven for redress, have been duaten upon, like the friends of the injured Roman lady, they have, as It were, carried the l>ody of separation through the_ streets, calling loudly for vengeance. The last anneal that has been made was in "vain, as were its predecessors. How could it be other wise t The old Northern separation party has been soattered to the winds and only a band fat of the Ulthfal remain. Mr. Burns was a clever leader ot the forlorn hope, but his voice was as of one orying in the wilderness. He tuned the separation lyre melodiously, but the House declined to listen to his enoliant ment. If Mr. Burns did not do anything he demonstrated that the House In him has a sneaker and a debater who will yet do honor to the chamber. Mr. Burns is a harf-headed Scotchman, but be knows how to gild a faot ao as to readet it attractive. Had It not been for the fact that most people believe that in the orescnt times union Bnd not separation is essential In Queensland, he might have secured a better division. Decided against by 31 votes to 16. It may be taken for granted that no more will be heard of Northern eenwatlon in the colonial Parliament for a long time. " As A Sam PhrManhnt AND WarbakT CUBE", for Pimples, Sorofuln, Boiirvy, B»d 1ms, Sltln anil Blood Diseases, and Sores of all kinds, we OAn with eonfldenee recoommend Olarko t World-famed Blood Mixture. "It the finest blood purifier tliat solmioo ftnd modiiinj ikUl have htousbt to Ught, and thousands of wonderful oures elfeoteJby it laT "^1^ '' otae of the roost ertraordinaw disoove tes of modem times. Bold by ohemists everywhere at Sis 0d per bottle. 