:: CERTIFIED DEAD. A Certain pious monk was wont to, thank Providence for placing deathl 'at the end of life instead of at the 'begin ning, because, under existing circum-. stances, men are enabled to- prepare themselves for that solemn event -in a manner which would otherwise be quite impossible. Had that monk lived during the nineteenth century, under some modern red tape _ regime, he might have been less profuse in his gratitude and less confident in his as sumption that death always comes at the end of life. It was only a few months ago that a man was accused in one of the Paris courts of being drank in the streets. He proved incon testably, by reference to official ' documents, that had been killed twenty years previously in the Franco Prussian war. It was very hard, he urged, that a corpse like himself should not be allowed to indulge in a little merriment by way of mitigating its lugubrious condition. Unfortunately for the poor corpse, death was not considered incompatible with punish ment, and the merry body was incar cerated in prison pending measures being taken for its official resurrection. They manage these things rather Sfunnily in France. Not only are men officially killed, but often they are not allowed even to be born ; or if horn, they are not at all unlikely to be officially changed at birth. It was in the latter part of 1887, or early in 1888, that a young woman named "Henriette " was drawn for the military conscription. It is not usual to obtain vivandiires in this manner, nor had the lady any desire to follow the drum in any case. She therefore made inquires at the registration office, and there, to her surprise and disgust, ascertained that the clerk had entered her name as " Henri," and that consequently she was, in the eye of the law, not a woman but a man. A similar accident befell a young lady who had been christened " Louise Felictici." Her fancy had been lightly turning to thonghts of love, and on Valentine's, 1888, all unconscious of her sex, she presented herself in com pany with her mother at a mayor's office in the suburbs of Paris, in order or get a copy of her baptismal certifi ctate, and to publish the legal banns for her approaching marriage with - the man of her chroice. The registrar's clerk looked over the books, but found no "Lou:s Felicitd" marked on the day mentioned. However. the birth of a boy ttas registered, his name being given "L;nis Felicien." It was then broken to the unfortunate and love-lorn maiden that she too, like ilenriette, was really a man, liable to be called upon to defend his country ; and it was literally not till three or four months later that her reai sex was restored to her by special injunction of the Cival Tribunal. Then, a·nd not till then, was she allowed to assume the con genial role of bride. A Swiss captain, at the end of a sanguinaryand prolonged battle, caused the dead and dying to be thrown into the pits and buried together. Someone p pointed out to him that many of tihe bodies still showed signs of animation. i "My good sir," repiiedl the Swiss, "if a man were once to pay attention to the signs they show, th re would not be a dea l body amongst themn." A similar power of prerenuting the mind being turned aside by trifling considerations appears to have charater ised a certain Kazi in tihe city of Cairo, Mansur Bin Musia by name. To him is attributed, among others, the cele-1 brated pound of flesh judgment given in favour of the Jew creditor. His de cisions were usually rather extraordin ary, but every now and then they were so remarkab!e as to attract attention from disinterested out-siders. On one occasion, the inhabitants of Cairo were shocked to see a living man borne through the streets, tice fast to a bier, and hurried towards the cemnetery to leburied alive. Hislamentableshricks wereentireily disregarded by the bearers, vwhlo remorselessly carried out their duty to its bitter end. It was soon a-certained that the Kazi Mlansur was rerponsible for this atrocity ; and, al though Orientalsare not easily shocked Where the administration.of justice (so called) is conceried, yet, in this case, it was felt that some inquiries should be made. Accordinly, the Kazi was inter viewed, and he was asked why it was that he had causedl a living man to be buriedalive. Like ?r. Gilbert's young lady in the Jlikado, it was doubtless pointed out to him that burial alive is too "stuffy" a death to be agreeable. They found the Kazi quite ready to satisfy their doubts. " You wishl," he said, "to know whiy this man has been buried alive. Well, his burial has been ordered by me, in due form, because six years ago hIris wife was mnarried to another man according to the decree of the law, two witnesses of a very respect able rharacter having certified his death at Bagdad. Thie man, how-ever, came before the Court this morning, pleading tlihat he was not dead, and advancing a claim to recover hIis wife. I ordered the two witnesses to reappear, and they proved beyond dloubt my fresh evidence that tley had attended hIis funeral at Bagdad, where hIre was buried in their presence. From this circumstance it is easy to conclude that the man cannot be a real one, but the ghost of the former, and must therefore bie laid, in order to put an end to all future disputes re specting thle womana." Thie bys!anders thereupon, as we are told, "dissembled their misgivings, lraised thie Kazi? justice, and retired." So muchl for the poor Enoch Arlden of Cairo His fate was sad in thIe extreme and tile details of it are harrowing to read-hut we may derive sonme little consolation from reflecting that pIrobably they are not altogether accurate. Old Lady-"I want awatchl 'thlat won'ttick so lend." Shopman-" They all tick like :thie. mram :a there's no other kind." Old SiLady-" Sho ! I kniow better. .I've heard of them silent watches of the night ever sined I kin remember." "You are a fool," exclaimed Irs Cawker, :in?'the cbursde of a controversy with her hbus. . pand. "If thatisaso, youe are thie bigger one than I," replied Cawker. Why ." she de manded, with asperity. "Because you are the better half of a fool," 