THE MIDIIfiET MAEEIABE. [Adapted From tiie German i»v Helen Maointyue,] ^ Zealand ib attaohod on ita north*western side by a narrow, barren, Bandy neck of land to a fortile peninsula, upon which stand several small and scattered villages. These, unitedly, form a singlo parish. Beyond the furthermost'the country extends over a wild, doaolato region of over*Bhiftlng sandhills, to the stormy Cattogat. t In this dreary region there was formerly a village called Riirwig, which Btood back about a mile from tho sea ; but tho quick eanda undermined the village, and the fipber mcn reconstructed their cottagos further from the ahoro. The church, which was erected upon a rocky erainenco, now stands, mournful and solitary, surrounded by the ceaselessly moving desert. One night in the early half of tho last century tho aged pastor of Rtfrwtg sat in his dull, lonely obatnber, wrapped in profound meditation. It was nearly midnight. Tho house was situated at the end of the village, and tho door, in common with evory other in tho place—for the honest fishormeu know nothing of either bolts or bars—was only : Becured by a simple latch. Tho lamp burned feebly, and tho solomu ailenco wqb only ' broken by the hollow roar of tho waves upon . tho shore. ! Suddenly the old man heard tho door open, l and tho sound of footsteps upon tho stairs. This caused him no concern, for ho supposed ( that it would provo to bo a summons to the 1 doath-bod of aomo neighbor who needed f spiritual consolation. But tho good pnBtor was mistakon. j As ho looked up, two strangers, wrapped . in light-colored cloaks, entered the room. . Tho old man stared silently and 1 affrightedly at tho strango figures, which 1 Boomed, to Ilia exoitod imagination, to havo something ghost-like in their appoarance. * Ono of tho two, advancing, said : c “ Sir, wo requiro you to accompany us in- { stantly to colobrato a marriago in youder ; ohuroh, where tho bridal pair aro impatiently : awaiting you. This”—laying a wolMillod 1 purso upon tho table—11 will recompense you f for your trouble at bo awkward an hour." When thoold Lutheran piwtor had collected 1 hiB thoughts sufficiently to roply, he bogan to E romonstrato, and pointod out to tho atrangors that his Bucred office did not permit him to 1 perform tho Holomn rito of matrimony with- f out previous knowlorlgo of tho iuteutionH of ( tho partieB concerned and those preliminary 1 formalities which tho law required. " ( 11 That may possibly bo," tho second stranger imperatively interposed, 44 but you 1 havo your choice. Do aa wo command, and 1 rocoivo your reward, or rofuso aud”-• Ho 1 tapped tho butt-end of a piatol with hia { “ Vbu givo me no choice,’’ replied tho clergyman, palo with terror; and, rising, ho * throw on hia clouk and hat, and exclaimed : * “I am ready to follow you, but X protest - against this indeeonoy and outrage.” 1 Tho twoBtraugors had spokon in Danish, < but in a manner which indicatod that they wero foreigners. i Starting, they walked on quickly through 1 tho midnight stillness of tho village, followod by the minister. It was a dark, moonless autumn night. . "When they arrived within sight of tho church tho olorgynian saw that it was lighted up. Ho would have spokon, but his guides, folded m their white cloaks, walked awiftly and silontly forward, and ho wearily and thoughtfully followed them. When the trio roaohod tho church a bandage was fastenod over tho old man’s eyes. As ho listened he heard the aide door open gratingly upon its hinges ; thon ho felt himsolf thrust in by forco among a great concourse of people. Then ho heard a murmur run through the building, and, olose to him, a language spoken which ho did not understand, but whioh ho supposed to be Russian. Aa ho stood helpless, with hia oycB bandaged, pressed on all Bides by people, a hand grasped his wri.it, and drew him for ward through tho crowd. Presently tho peoplo appoared to with draw, and when tho cloth waa removed from his eyes, ho found himsolf standing boforo thoaliar, with ono of tho two Btrangora cIobq beside him. A row of hugo tapers, burning in magnificent silver candlcBlioks, adorned tho altar, while tho whole building waa bo brightly illuminated that tho minutest and most dfetant objects were plainly discernible. A fow minutoB earlier tho murmurs of an un soen crowd dismayed him; now tho silence filled his mind with a nameless dread. ' The aide aisles were occupied with men, but the centre aisle waa empty, and in it he saw a newlv-opened vault, the Btone whioh had covered it being propped up'against a ohair. Although only men were near, yet in the distance he fanoiea he could perceive the figure of a female seated in a chair. ' ^ 1 At length a man, whose dress, whioh be spoke lofty rank, distinguished him from all others, arose. As he advanced up the empty alalo his footsteps rang through the edifice. The man was of the middle height, broad shouldered, and firmly built. He walked with he air of one who waa accustomed to com mand. His visage waa dark, hia hair coally black, the features strongly marked; h» nose, of a bold aquiline cut, added to tho im poriousnoga of his expression ; his lips were closely ooraprcBsed, aa if with anger, white blaok, bushy brows overshadowed the small beady oyes, whioh literally blazed with rage. He wore a dark green uniform, with gold button0, and a single star glittered upon hia breast. Then a lady advanced and knelt beside him. In stature she was tall; her atop waa firm and dignified', yet graceful, while her hand and arm defied tho skill of the sculp tor's mallet and ohisel to imitate; hor head was small and shapely, woll set upon a neck of surpassing loveliness ; her eyes, 00 far sb could bo seen, were- darkly, deeply, beauti fully bluo, and the long, dark silken lashes that Bhadowed them gave a softness to her cheek an artist’s poncil might vainly strive to reproduce ; her nose was rather of tho Grecian style, and hor mouth and teeth de fied the poet’s imagination to portray; whilo her broad, intellectual-looking brow gave a dignity to her features that conveyed to the recluse pastor an idea of the raajestio. She was splendidly attired with great care. A sky-blue rotws, richly embroidered with Bilver, onveloped hor, falling in heavy folds about hor perfectly-formed limbs. Yet, with all this youthful loveliness and magnificence, aho resembled a visitant from a the Bhados. i Hor corpse-like cheeks seemed petrified, not a foaturo moved, and tho powerlesH arms hung helplessly down on either side of the limp, drooping body. Thus she knelt, an imago of death, and an overpowering horror seemed to have bouud both lifo and consciousness in a profound cataleptic stupor. As the pastor of Rurwiggnzo&upon; this sad sight, he perceived for tho first, time an ugly, vicious-looking, old has, grotesquely attirid in whimsical, gorgeously-hued droag, whose groy, olf-lilco looks were partially concealed by a poriontous red turban, und who, with bleared eyes, stared grimly, yot mock*ugly, over tho head of tho kneeling bride. Immediately behind the bridegroom stood a man of gigantic stature, who lookod into vacancy with a grave and fixed look ”pon his dark, saturnine face. Tho aged minister stood speechless, as if fascinated, until a fierce and wild look from the bridegroom admonished him to comraeuce the ceremony. His perplexity was increased by a doubt which he entertained whothor tho bridal couplo would undorHtandhis language. He, however, forced himself to inquire their namea The bridegroom stornly answered, Neander and Feodora.*' Tho old in-m, without further delay, which ho felt would bo useless, then began to road tho marriage service; but his voice faltorod, and ho lost his place inora than once, so that ho was obliged to repeat tho words. As neither of tho two contracting parties ap peared to notice his confusion, his conjecture that they wero, at best, only iraporrectly acquainted with tho Dauiah tongue bscamo the more confirmed. So when he proceodod to ask, 14 Wilt thou, Neander, take to thoe aa thy lawful-weddoil wife Foodoru, who now kneels beside thee?” ho wondered whothor tho bridegroom would understand tho question sulfioiently to reply; but, to his surprise, he replied, “ I will,” in a harsh, discordant voice, which rang and echoed through the church. At the satr.0 moment deep sighs proceeded from the assembled crowd, whilo a Hhudder of aversion and terror agitated the ashen features of tho brido. The clergyman then asked, loudly and clearly, as if ho designed thereby to arouse tho lady from hor stupor: 41 Dost thou, Feodora, acknowledge as thy lawful-wedded husband Neander, who now knocls beside thee F** adding, “ if so, reply by an audiblo 4 Yes^ ” The almost dying woman, being thus urged, sn0mod to arouse herself, a look of unutterable woe gathered in liornow relaxed features. Tho pale lips moved as if she were about to speak, a momentary firo kindled iu her eye: but the word of assent sounded like a wail of anguish from tho expiring, as it found a deep eoho in the iuvoluntary groan of sympathy whioh burst simultaneously from tho throng of beholders. Tho brido had scarcely spoken tho irre vocable words, when she fell back fainting into the outstrotohed arms of tho old woman. In a few miuutoH she revived, and tho cere mony was concluded, after which tho brido eroom led her back to her former placo, tho old hag and tho giant following. Immediately aftorwards tho two men who had forced the pastor to become a participant in this unhallowed rite again appeared, bound his oyes, conciliated him, not without difficulty, through tha throng, anil having put him outside tho door, loft him to him BOlf, lie Btood alone, wondering whether it wore not all a dream; then ho hoard the door boltod on the inner side, and, tearing off tho bandago, bo saw the lighted church, and, listening, heard the movements of tho crowd within. In order to ascertain as much as was pos sible of the after occurrences, the old man concealed himself behind oco of tho buttresses of tho buildiiiL' on the side opposite to whioh he had entered, and us ho listened was horri fied to hear the tumult within momentarily increase in violouue. Tho olash of arms announced that a conflict was taking placo. Then the stern voice of the wild and na vft^e bridegroom imperiously commanded silonce. A pause followed. Suddenly a shot was fired. Ho heatd a female’s piercing cry of agony. Again there was a period of absolute quiet, thon a souud as of workmen laboring with masons’ tools, whioh continued for a full quarter of an hour. At tho close of this the tumult wsr re sumed, tho lights wero extinguished, and tho whole irruptive mass of strangers emerged hurriedly from tho ohuroh, and hastened dowu to the sea, where they were lost to The clergyman, loft to himself, shook off the benumbing torpor which had tuken pos setsion of him, and made hia way back to JLlorwijr. Immediately upon his arrival he aroused his neighbors, and informed them of the startling events that had transpired. But everything around was so quiet ana undisturbed that they feared that their esteemed minister had become deranged ; and it was only with difficulty, and then largely to indulge his uu accountable whim, that thoy could bo induced to tako spades and orowbars and accompany him back to tho chnroh. Day dawned as tho simple fishermen as cended tho hill upon whioh the church stood, nud to their astonishment they per coivcd a largo ship of war proceeding under easy sail at a considerable distance lrom the shore, hearing away towards tho north. Thia aiebt, so surprising in those unfre quented seas, disposed them to give more at tention to their pastor’s startling report, a disposition which waB increased when, upon reaohing tho sacred edifice, the side door was found to have bean forcibly ontered. Full couviotion awaited them within. Thoy wero shown tha vault, which had been seen uncovered only a few honra before. It was easy to boo that the stono had been raised, and newly placed in position Tho Btartled villagers immediately raised tho stone by means of their crowbars, and gazed downward into tho gloomy recesses of the vault. Tuoy started backward with a cry of Tha clergyman’s report waa amply con firmed by what they saw. Directly undorneath their eyes was a now and handsomely-decoratod coffin. The old man, eager to aeo the denouement of his awful experienco, descended into the chamber of death with almost youthful im patience. Others followed him without delay. Tho ljd of the ooffin was raised. Their suspicions were verified. The solemn ceremony of matrimony had i- | been immediately , succeeded by the heinotnr 11J crimo of murder, y { Murder f ). I It ia an awful word, and has a gruesome d aound. b It is tho product of the worst passions of \- tho human heart. f It is always terrible, but never so muoh 8 bo as when it follows closely upon the heela • of the pledge of affection, a Sacrilege and profanation of the most a etartling oharacter had evidently boon com 1 mitted. In that coffin, resplendent with gold and l tho choicest epecimens of the upholsterer’s i art, lay the body of the murdered Feodora. The body was atill attired in cOBtly rai > montr the silken robes clung around the i fltiffened limbs, only tho magnificent tiara was 1 gone from tho shapoly head. Whether by accident or danism, the itt** fated bride' had boon ahet through the Aa is bo common in death, a great change had taken place in her appearanoe. The ex pression of poignant grief had vanished, a heavenly peaoe bad hallowed and glorified the beautiful face, and she lay liko an angel among tho coffined dead. Tho clergyman, as was hta duty, !mme« diately acquainted his superior, the bishop of Zealand, with all- the circumstance, and, pending an answer to his re:ort, adminis tered an oath of secrecy to bis flock. The vault had' been closed again, and things proceeded among the people a&rif; the mysterious morriago and equally incompre hensible murder had never occurred. Shortly afterwards- an investigator arrived from the capital, and made strict and close inquiry into the whole1 matter. He saw the crave, commended tho discretion that had been shown, and threatened that any dis closure of tho singular event would merit and receive condign punishment. Years passed, and tho affair was forgotten ; but upon the aged pastor’s death it was dis covered that he had entered a succinct narra tive of his midnight adventure in the register belonging to the church. Tho mystery connected with this singular invasion and violation of the sanctuary at Hb wig has never been explained; but thero were those who inclined to the opinion that it had in somo way a mysterious connection with tho sudden and violent changes of dynasty which took placo after the deaths of Fetor I- and Catherine of "Russia, when, fora, time, tho holy Muscovitish empire was mioly I shaken to its centre.—“ Weekly Budget.” 