YARNS OF THE: OH! The Haunted Ship Josie Gunby and Her Swedish Mate. A CRY OF "STAND FROM UNDER!" Tho Tlirco Sailors "Who Mndo an Unholy Compact with Satan, ami Qow tho Brightest of tho Lot Outwitted His Satauio Majesty. Tho first of tho yarns hero Bet out was told on shipboard by a tar of the name of King, who said that onco on a time ho shipped on the good ship Josie Gunby from New York to Valparaiso. She was laden with Yankee notions and had fair weather nil the way, but the "goings on" 011 that vessel were something awful, according to King. The first thing of a mysterious na ture that happened was known to King only and consisted of the bell ringing itself just as King was about to sound "eight bells." King was frightened, of course, but ho couldn't get any ouo to believe his story. In fact, the boys guyed him unmercifully. A fortnight later, however, thoy all saw something terrible, and tho first mate lost his life. Tho story in detail in tlio tar's own words and presented by the Atlanta Constitution rims as follows: "It was near the line. The sea wits ns smooth as a duck pond. Every rag o' canvas was set, but there was hardly enough wind to keep them from flapping. All ou a sudden, just as I was passing uuder the mnlnyurd, somebody up aloft sung out, 'On deck there, stand from under!' Tho second mate hud tho watch and asked mo who that was aloft. I told him I did not know, and ho scut mo up to see about it. I went, think ing some o' the boys was putting up a job on me and had gone aloft to get up another ghost story. Up I went to the maintop, but I could find nobody. I como down the ratlines four at a time. How I ever got down without falling is moro'n 1 can tell, 'cause 1 was thut skcercd I couldn't stop to think how I dun it. Wo woko tho watch. The second mate and everybody (mo except ed, for one trip was enough) went aloft to see about it, and they didn't find nothing either. That kinder put them a-tliinking, 'cause tho mate swore he heard tlio same thing I did. Well, all ucxtdny both watches were cussing uud discussing that sing out aloft, and tlie next night tho port watch were laying; for something too. Just ex actly at the samo timeo'uight that same thing sung out, 'On deck tbero, stand from under!' Thoy searched aloft, but found no rnorc'n what wo did. That thing happened every night at the same time for nigh two weeks. By and by the first mate, a big, double jointed Swede, said ho would find out about what it wus or join the goonics trying. So the next night, just at the right time, nil the watch were huddled together under the break o' the poop o-Iis- tening, and the same lonesome, skeery voice sung out, 'On deck there, stanu from under!' Tho men wero too skeered to breathe hard, and that first mate was mighty nigh ns bud, but ho kinder squared hisself aud roared out ' ns loud as lie could bawl: 'Let go, you son of a son cook, let go. Come, down on deck, you lubber, and exer cise your Iungsl' "Mutes, I'm not given to lying, ns you all know, aud I ain't going to lio now, but so help my rheumatic bones if that thing didn't let go, and I' thought that every spar on tho mainmast bad carried away at one time. Rattlety— bung— whiz— —whoop — and there struck on deck right side of. that first mute a coffin just his size. We rau up to him just in time to see the cofliu scoop him in t uud jump right over the side, first mute and all, uor did we ever catch sight of them ugain. There weren't no more ghosts ou that trip though." THE EVIL ONE AT SEA. When King had finished this story there was general incredulity, and another sailor named Bednarsky was asked for a yarn. He told of three sailors (brothers) who wero left without money in London. "OUe morning," said Bednarsky, "nil of them were strolling down tho street arm in arm wishing for a fow cents to get nn eye opener, having swollen heads from previous rapid existence. They camo upon a nicely dressed man of middle ago who accosted them, and after lie had Icdrned of their condition told them he was tho devil, nnd that he could uud would supply them all tho money'they wanted under one cOhdi- tion, which he explained as follows: " 'You inny have all tho money you can possibly dispose of. ' Put your hand In your pocket its often as you like for any amount, and it will always bo there. At the end of three years, however, I demand your sotil; but eveu then If any ono of you can Wish me to do anything which I cannot perform you shall bo spared.' "It Was agreed to by each one, and imme diately they wero abounding in wealth. Shall I describe how that three years was spent? No, but suffice it to say that every possible -luxury that money could obtain was indulged im The three years flew by like a single day. Tlie donor kept a strict account, 'however, nnd upon the proper day he called on the three brothel's for nn no- counting. The first disked for tho creation of u full rigged ship nud wns gratified. Tho second asked that his massive mansion bo annihilated in thirty seconds, and this was done. "Both of them lost their souls, of course. "The third and youugesfc brother still held to his roaming life upon tho sea, and at tho expiration of tlie third year was 011 n pleasure trip in a magnificent yacht far out it sea. Ho was not out of roach of tho evil one, however, und was allied upon to wish and die. He called tho crow on deck and iuul a pump rigged amidships, with thosuo- tion pipe over one side of the vessel nnd the discharge pipe over ine owier, mm uu.«.«».m- wl tho devil to pump all tho water from one side of the ship over to the other side. The devil looked puzzled, scratched his head aud- v-udshul— outwitted. "T? nt man is still railing in his yacht, enjoj1ng/1he immense wealth he got through the evil spirit." About that time the officer of tho deck appeared nnd passed the word, "Stand by your hummock," and «J1 lmnds adjourned due die. 