Was it a Gliost tliey Saw? Vi hb. H» H. Jcunings liv«s at No. 211 Main Street bridgeport and Miss Minnie Par rot hoards with ber. The house.;is an old one butin good order. Une niuht, early in Dc ce m ber (1891) the twn wotrnn locke! all the inora and went to the U.eitri«,; leaving not a soul in the house. They 1-ft the gas burn ing, however, in the front parlour. About half-past eleven they returned, and ciüeréd the bouse laughing and talking. Hut as they went into tbe parlour the merry humour di d out of ibera in a s"Cond. Eight in the middle of the room stood a man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his'fice was concealed by a nrnk, his eyes gloaming through the eyehole? in it. His shirt-sleeve* were rolled up, and in one hin I he carried ;a long, old-foshiumd pistol. The womcu fie i screaming from the room, and whoa Mr. Jennings came in-fivemioute* later he found no ooe in tbe parlour and oil the doors and windows securely Iotkcd. What was it the women saw ? •»During a recent period of ill health/' writes an American friendi,*I had slept badly for sen ral 9uccegiive'Ai'ghts. On tbe fourth of these about two o'clock I was sud* dcoly aroused from a duze by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at tbe foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years lofore, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I tcrearaed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tel/ It, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and' f would never get well. Yet 1 did, and am in perfect health now. 1 believe that vision came of my weak net ves, for Tve never s' en it since, and it's more than three year» ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the (ricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is oatof condition. Ia March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of ¿arracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote na as follows.—"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the ronm with me, yet 1 did not wiBh them far away in case X should call out for help. This was I in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe p<un in my bead and over my eves and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the Btomach and bowels felt cold and dead, By- aod-by I had to lie helpless in bed, The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing bnt liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach« By this lime 1 was nothing but skin and boac. My memory completely failed. My head achcd so dreadfully : I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. M I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Motbor Scigel's Cuiative Syrup, Ab she seemed to have such faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days 1 was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went down Btairs. Now I am na well as ever. I can eat and digest my food^and all my nervousness has left me," The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pros« tratioo. Tbe original cause wan grief and shock at tbe violent death of her husbtnd, by accident, and the Bystera rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to thi digestion, and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that meet uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset ty indigestion and dyspepsia. Gh03ts orac from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 