OUR H0BA3T tETTER. fFBOM OUE OWN C0BBK8P0NDBH f ) JUKS 10. | ' There is notMog like chock' ia a saying familiar to most persons, but it lias ro utined ior the mimbsrs of the New Town Board to take the cake. As moat people throughout the colony are aware, there is attached to the New Town Ch&ri;'able Iestitu tlon a boautiful piece of ground which ie vied onoe a year as a show ground in con* Motion with the Southarn Tasmanian Agri cultural and Pastoral Society. Tbis society has done a vast amonnt of Road to tuc wuoie colony by the cxcellencc of its exhibitions, which bring together annually from all parts of the colony men and women consti tuting aU classes of the community interested in stock, machinery, etc., who obtain information by means of the opportunity thus afforded them for en interchange of ideas, which, on their return to their respec tive homes, proves most valuable. The soolety, too, has from tiuie to time. under ite abld management, and with tbe assistance nf its indefatigable bon, secretary, Mr 0. 12 Davies, expended larpa sums of money iu erecting necessary -arJa, pens, sheds, and eo forth, without which stock of all kiodB wonld be exposed to all weathers, anl this, too, without having once called upon the Government ot the day for a single shilling as a subsidy. Caring the remainder of th^ year this beautiful plot of ground, with all its improvements thereon, Is at the disposal of the New Town public for recreation pur poses i but tbis is not sufficient for them, at least one would judge eo from the position taken np by the members of the New Town Board. Tbese gentlemen have conccivcd the idea that they should not only have acceue to the gronnd all tbe year round with the exception ol sbow days, bnt that they should have control of it even on these occasions. -( Why, say thev, should the inhabitants ot New Town be deprived of the advantages of | the recreation ground for two or three days a year. They were crying out agAinst it.' i How very dreadful it must b2 for the resi dents of such an important suburb to be de prived of the pleasure of their pleasure ground for so many days 1 Alas 1 that there should be such selfishness in tbis world. Did it never occur to these people that tbe ?how in itself supplies a change in their everyday lifo which more than compensates for their being deprived of the use of tbe ground on three days in tbe yoar 1 The modest demand if the boar-i will eo mi before the Cabinet iu due coursc; but it *'s gratifying to those interested iu the Agri cultural Bociety to know that then is not the ghost of a chance of it being approved of. A few woekB ago it was reported on good authority that the Hon. B. S. Bird, member for Franklin in the llouse of Aes'mbl', would not sg∈ woo tbe sweet voices rf his old constituents, but, on the contrary, would oourt the charms of a city constituency. Be that as it may, it is very evident thai the hon. gentleman intunrin to have m^re man one string to niB cow ; at any rate he has not yet thrown hie old constituency to the winds, for he ad--.r.!6scd | a large meeting of thn Franklin doctors j on Saturday evening l&6t, in tbe course ^f | which he would appear (o Lave put himself ( on fairly good terms with the majority of | his audience. Like cvrry oth'.-r public man, j Mr Bird bas bis enemies ; but as a Sot-oJl to , tbat he has many friends even naioDgst bi? { constituents, and when the time comrs round for him to meet tb-?ra on tbe plat* form it will, 1 think, be found that be will ' have a strong following. At tbe prison*. } time he, like a wise general, hoHe two j ?triage to his bow, and time alone will till1 which ot them he will avail himself 'f. ! There is etill a great cry going forth about settling tbe people on the luud. The idea is doubtless a good on?, provj led tuch : a scheme can be carried out with p.syiiiing . approaching to srccesi r but that ie iust the; great 41 lion in the pa h,'' and the ooc atove all others that the Ministry -uiU havo to I meet sooner or liter. If the lao'* of the j colony were settled ujon, and jmilioy horn?- ; steads made to take the pla^e cf rabr-it* mid ' other pests, tbe producing pov.vr of the ? community would assert iteolt ; and instead j of there being a majority ol consum re, wc should have a much larger bob of pro ducers, each and all of them contribvitl g to the wealth of the ountrv, and at i\\\i earnc time raising up a home for themselves and their children. The theoretical pari of th? proposal is all very well, but when the prac tical pa*t of it is applied, it is then that the difficnilieb ] irosent thcms:lvea. To talk about sending a man without money or experience of bush life on to some of our Gr wn land to grub and clear it preparatory to Hs cultiva tion is ntter nonsense. The result of such an attempt would be certain disaster. The claas of men out of emDloyment pre as a rule accustomed to city life only and know j nothing whatever about farm work, aud not j likely to ever acquire a knowledge of it sim ply because they have no inclination in that direction: indeed m*.nv of thpm wonlJ i rather — andgio— walk about the streets in a state of idleness than put a spade in the small plot of ground attached to their city abodes. If anyone will take the trouble to walk through the suburbs he will find thit there are more neglected gardens than there: are cultivated ones ; indeed, a garden is not looked upon as an acquisition hy laboiicg men, the majority of whom never produce a vegetable for tbeir own. table. To aik such men as those to go into the country and take up land, no matter bow good the ?oil may he, would be simply riiiculous.and if the authorities desire to help the unem ployed they will have to look around lor some other way out of the difficulty. The congress in connection with the Anglican Church, which it is proposed to bold at Hobart in January next, bida fair to racier. By tbe montb natuol the n-:w cban eel of 1 he cathedral will have cotupJ' and its opening will be arranged for during the presence here of the numerous digni taries from every diocese in Australia and New Zealand. It is a's? considered probable tbat Bishop and Dean Bromby will be amongst those assembled. Arrangements have already been commenced by securing the attendance of the Mayor and alderman at theopeninc eircmony. Thanks to the inJcfatigablc energy cf Mrs Henry Dobson and several other la 'Hoe, Hobart has its soup kitchen, where appli cants for aid can, on production of the necessary ticket, accompanied by tbe small eum ot cne penny, obtain a good basin cf soap and half a pound of bnad, or, should they prefer it, a substantial helping of beef steak pie. The arrangements have been well carried out by ihe committee of ladies, who have been m.-st generously assisted by several leading tradesmen, the latter pro viding meat, vrgt.ts.blc-6, and such like articles, all of which co-re in useful un'.er the careful management of the ladies. Th? Government, too, have placed the old Nurse's Home, Liverpool-street, , at iheir disposal, with the use of cooking utecs'ls, etc. Already the institution bas been well patronised, and no doubt there wiLl be a steady and increasing demand for help throughout tha coming winter. The oninWrpA tpam cf f.vitbKllnrfl Ir.im Vic toria have oome and returned, but tbey have not vanquished our local pla.-ors. neither have they been defeated, for, strain: to giy, the two m\tehcB played en'i'M in n I'-a'v on ««Ach occasion. This if. r. ur' -.rl o £ thing in the anm'e ol ihe srirn-j. ;? u I - ? k to show how evenly l'i-. u-.ir.s uip.: and it is n\?o a very .^o ind-x .f th :n ficiencv our men rave acquire i in (juskic^ of winter pastime. Thev.eiterfi t.ur'.ue ih^iv short stay made tbe beet use of Ui^r tinf by seeing all the principal places t-i *for many j»nrs past tbeLicho. Uupsrl ment of the public B-.-rviee has becu lit tached to the Survey branch, bur fo.- ea^e time it b« b:en considered advisable to attach it to the Printing Department, and thus place it under tee conml of the Government priatcr. The Mioistur of Lands, with a view to ccoD03sy and the better carrying out of the duties of tbe Litho Department, bas brought about tbe trantf-.r, and it is concduntly assorted tbat the result will hi in every way satisfactory. The Minister has other importiut changes in contemplation in connection with hia department. The Central Board of Health has long ?omplained of the neglect of medical officero in the matter of reporting infections diasaEes as they are brought under their notice. The HftfiHh Act provides that all infection! disrasrs shall be reported to the Oentral Board of HeaHh not later than -4 hours after the same have oome under tbe notice of a medical man. This they have not always done : indeed tbero ia good reason lo snp- pose tbat in many eases of tbe kind no report is made, which noi. only endangers the health of oibere, but renders statistics almost worthless. For a breach ol this Act Dr. BL. Q. H. Nay lor bas bean fined 20a, which will probably act as a warning to Qthfcts. The mccb-debifced questional ta the ap pointment of musical director to the T*s {naciao Iatsrnational Bxhibilion has been definitely SiWlel by tho cn*vfi« m?nt for 12 months of Mr Arthur Mills, F.--. L , M.0.0. etc. There were Beven a iplicants for tho position and the remuneration asked ranged from £500 a yeir to a modost nil. Whether each applicant oorrectly estimated the value of his services has not tr*nspirod, but the most rigid economist cannot accuse the com mittee of extravagance in the matter of tho conductor's salary. He is to receive «50 per annum and 7 per cent, ol the net pro ceeds of entertainments, the commissioners guaranteeieg his salary up to fciuu pei ? annum. Now that the conductor has be^n appointed, it is hoped that tbe choir will bs Eot togother at once. Toere is ccrtainly no timo to be lost if the concer' hall is to be opened when complete 1 iu September n?xt. About 100 nMma have been sent in so far, but this number Bhould bo at lc*st trebled during the next fortnight, and work com menced in good earnest without further delay. 