NOTES BY 'FLAGSTONE.' Jtjit 15. In connection with the suggestions which I made in closing my notes last week the article published in the Tasinanian under tne worn cZe pluma of ' Mark Well ' has thrown new light on the subject of the em ployment on the mining fields. It was anticipated in many quarters that if small areas of ground were allowed to be taken up for mining purposes it would give a chance to the surplus mining labour to find profitable work. This illusion has been practically wiped away by the remarks of the writer above quoted, who is one of the most experienced miners in a large mineral country. His experience has taught ? him that much must not be expected of this allowance on the part of the department as regards additional employment. I am glad, however, he favours the principle, which may be found useful on other grounds. Another article which deserves serious consideration was also published during the week from the writer 'W.K.,' whose influence is not unknown or unfelt in the mining community. In his letter is given a very interesting account of the introduction of mining legislation into these colonies,' and an explanation as to how the many rather serious,faulty clauses have crept into our own legislation. The many suggestions contained in the epistle are just what a'e required at present, and that about the taxation of mining property might specially very well be taken into consideration at a time when every penny is required by the Colonial Treasurer so as to enable the Ministry to place the colony ' on the way to progression.' The letters from this writer will be welcomed during the discussion which is sure to follow the issue of the new Consolidated Minino- Acts Bill. Referring to the new bill, it would be unwise on my part to open up tha discus sion until the parties who have been supplied with copies have perused them. From the excellent summary of the bill published in yesterday's Examine it is quite clear that very great trouble has been taken by the framer, who evidently has had the sssistance of many persons who have also studied the matter extensively. Many of the provisions are, of courae, open ! to criti8i?m, and it is evident the depart ment will receive much cheap advice on the matter. The Attorney-General has done well to seek the advice .of all the most competent authorities, and in this respect he has set an example which may be legitimately followed in regard to other Legislative measures. It is bound to give the committee of the Assembly all the practical information desired on the sub ject, and I am sure that the bodies which have been invited to supply that informa tion will do so promptly and well. By doing this they will show that they fully appreciate the courtesy extended to them. I hope that none will refuse to deal with the matter, as 'in the multitude of coun cillors there is wisdom.' The old Middlesex field— or rather dis trict—is likely to come into prominence very, shortly again, as a number of promis ing discoveries have been made in that direction. The miners who have been attracted there are a steady lot of men, and from all accounts they have met with satisfactory results. They have gone far to prove that, although all cannot do well, the persevering always find that it is better to peg away on the mining fields than to loiter in the towns and cities. If there is one.; thing more than another which should be a cause for satisfaction during the depressed times it is the action of the mining population generally in the time of depression. There are many cases, of course, in which some members of that community have given up the ghost and decided to live in the thickly populated places, but generally speaking the miners have done their best to earn their bread and butter. Those who have come into the city now see that those who remained on the fields have had the best o? it, and in the greater proportion of eases they are returning to continue to try their luck. Prom Zeehan continues to come re assuring news. Mr Inspector Harrison, whose duties compel him to visit all the working claims on the silver-field, appears to be favourably impressed with the im proved prospects of the field, and in a letter to the Geological Surveyor has given his opinion that the work on the mines is being carried out in a legitimate and systematic manner. The resumption of operations on many mines has placed the number now in full work almost equal to theinumber which were in full swing when the unfortunate collapse came about. Fol lowing on this comes the statement made at the half-vearlv meeting of the shareholders of the Commercial Bank of Tasmania, held at Hobart during the week, by the chair man, who intimated that the local manager of the bank, who, from the fact that gold is being lodged at the banking premises, is in an excellent position to judge, states that the outlook is mosb hopeful for the prosperity of the field. The gold and tin discoveries and the developments gener ally on tihe coast warrant an increase of confidence on the part of the people of the colony. Messrs Bateman and Wills, who have returned to the city, fully endorsed the opinions expressed as to the improved state of things on the silver-fields. .Notwithstanding the little fiutter.caused in the city by the heavy fall in the price of silver, the position of affairs at the silver fields is very little changed. This is due principally to the commonsense action of the managers in seeking a conference with the miners, and settling any difference which might arise owing to the re duction of wages, which was rendered absolutely necessary by the fall re ferred to. The arrangements were most amicably completed between the parties, and all who have read the details are of one mind— that both masters and men were true to themselves and to the colony. Such a spirit deserves the highest com mendation, and the Zeehan miners have proved themselves to be — what I havo always termed them -a good and generous body of men ; as peaceful and law- abiding as could be found in the mining world. What a difference there is between their action and that of the employers at tbe time of the abortive strike on the field ? The mine managers, who are sensible men, and who by the way are now clearly showing that the mines can be worked better by them than under the inexperienced manage ment of the city directorates, did not tell the men at once that they would have to accept reduced wages or clear out. On the contrary, they generously consented to meet the men, consulted with them, and concluded the matter. The result is a powerful confirmation of the justice of their action. Edison prefers women machinists for the delicate details of his electrical inventions. He says they have more fine sense about machinery in one minute than the most of men have in their whole lifetime. 