BIBLE READING IN STATE SCHOOLS TO THE EDITOB. Sir — So long as Mr. Tupper.and myeelf hold euch radically different conceptions of morality, of the way in which the Bible has come to us, of Scripture interpretation, and of the oharacter of God. there can be no useful disoussion between us of the incidents to which he refors. We cannot) enmn -within even cannon range of one another. Suffice it to say that I regard his letter as a melancholy illustration of that crassly literal me' hod- of reading the Bible which has done it so mnch dishonor, whether in State schools or. else- where. — I am, &c;, J. D. THOMPSON. Sir— Should the Bible be read in the State -echools ? Some say without hesitation it cer tainly ought to be read, while others are equally positive that it must not be read. There is a third class who think the subject of little importance, and ask what possible dif ference could it make whether the Bible is or is not read in the State schools. The latter position is surely the result of undue consider ation. The issue is one of great importance, as it involves the question of justice or injustice to the citizens composing the State, and is therefore worthy of the moBt careful consideration. Both' sides of the question should be examined with candor, and all should desire that the principles of right and justice should prevail. The State sohool is organised and maintained by the State for the good of the State, -and is therefore distinctly ana solely a scate institution, in tnis land ot boasted freedom the people compose the State; therefore, strictly speaking, the State school is the people's sohool. lb belongs to all the people ; hence there should be taught in the State sohool only those branches upon which all could unite conscientiously. All would agree upon having the various studies taught that are now in cluded in our excellent school system, namely, art, scienoe, and literature. But could the Bible be placed there without injustice to any and profit to all ? To read the Bible in the State school is to teach religion in the State sohool, since the simple reading of the Word, accompanied by the spirit of God, is one of the most potent means of teaohing religion. And this is to give State aid to religion. But the State has never been commissioned to teach religion, neither has it the power to do so. Je^us Christ said, -' Go ye into all the world and teach the Gospel to every creature, and, lo, I am with you alway.' He did not give that commission to the State, but to His church, and they should do it by the power of the Holy Ghost instead of attempting its accomplishment through the aid of the State. If the church should find it necessary to appeal to the State for aid in teaching religion, we fear it would be virtually acknow ledging her own inability to perform what God commissioned her to do. As long as the spirit and power of God remains in the ohuroh her work will prosper. The prophet gives the key to success when he says, 'Not by might, or by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord,' shall the work be done. It is a well-known fact that during the 'great apoBtacy' of the dark ages, when the church had lost the spirit of Christianity, she sought an alliance with the State so as to be able to defend and propagate her religion. The result was that both the Church and State in turn became corrupted. It is re markable that the first steps in that apostacy were exactly tne same as are proposed in tneir movement. It was decided to have Chris tianity taught in the schools, and as a result all teachers were excluded save those who pro fessed to be Christians. Christianity con tinued to be taught till a pagan emperor came to the throne, when it was rejeoted, and the pagan religion was promul gated. The religion was changed as often as the ruling power changed. But in our country majorities rule all political questions, and if religion be delegated to the State the majority will have to decide what religion shall receive the sanction and aid of the State. But as often as the majority changes, so often will it be necessary to alter the religion. Will a man's obligation -to God change as often as the majority changes ? It is certainly evident that majorities cannot settle the question of religion, hence the State is not prepared to propagate the truths of the Gospel. Philip Schaff, one of the greatest of modern historians, says — 'It would be a great calamity if religion were to become subject to our ever- changing politics. Freedom of religion is one of the greatest gifts of God to man, without distinction of race and color. He is the author and lord of conscience, and no power on earth has a right to stand between God and the conscience.' Render, therefore, nnto Csesar the things which are CseBar'e, and nnto God the things that are God's— Matt, xxii., 21. There are many difficulties that Would stand in the way of teaching the Bible in the State sohool, one of whioh would be, whioh Bible shall be read, and this virtually means what religion shall be taught. The only fair answer that) could be given would bea the majority will have to decide the question. Suppose the majority should render a decision in favor of the Douay or Catholio Bible ; then the Catholio religion would be taught, and we should expect to hear the teacher read, 'Ex-, cent ye do penanceye shall all likewise perish.' Many other similar passages would no doubt be read, and as a result we should hare some loud 'complaints from Protestants and all lovers of religious liberty. And this would be right- and just. But would it not be equally just for Catholics to complain should State aid be given to Protestants? Suppose the majority ehould decide that scepticism must be taught and as a result Christian people would be taxed to aupporb the teaching, of scepticism. What a cry of in justice would go up from every ohapel in the land. But is it any less injustice in the mind of the atheist to be compelled to support the Christian religion than it is to the Christian to support the religious views of tne atheist ? I believe that it is manifest injustice to tax those who do not believe ' in religion for the maintenance of schools in whioh are taught religious principles which they do not wish their children to learn ; and, further, that the inauguration of such a system of religious teaching in our State schools forms a valid argument for the division of the school funds with those who might not relish such teaching, thus resulting eventually in State support of schools in which the creeds of Agnosticism, Buddhism, Confucianism, Judaism, or Romanism might be taught. I believe that the State ought not to teach religion, bbcause this would mean, in our age, religious instruction by unregeaerate persons, who do not know what true religion is, and whose instruction would in a large degree be marked by hypocrisy, formalism, irreverence, and error. What are the average qualifica tions of teachers for this work ? Are they all pious. God-fearing Christians? I ask these Jueations with all due respect to our teachers, presume their relation to religion is much the same as that of other citizens of the State. Some are religious, others have merely a form of godliness. Some do not believe in the Bible, while others openly oppose it. There are no doubt a few who have due reverence for the Bible and the sacred truths of Christianity, but even among these there would be as great a difference of opinion respecting its troths as exists among other citizens of the State. Is there a religious organisation in all the -world that would be willing to employ such a variety of instructors to teach religion in their churches ? What the church wants to-day is not only men who reflect their own sentiments but religious teachers who fear God and reverence His Word, and above all, whose hearts have been renewed by Divine grace, and whose souls have been cleansed from the pollutions of sin. It is indeed straoge to bee so many departing from thie uaiurmmw wuea is comes to aaviog religion taught in the State schools. Some see this is not consistent, and boldly say they want none but religious teachers. They are not slow to say that ' the sconer Ithuriel's spear touches those who are not what they should be the better.' They declare 'that those who are not fit to teach the Bible are unfit to be in the schools at alL' The more cautious advocates try to evade and cover up these facts, but they are Bimply the lqgical end of the first proposition to place the Bible in the schools. IE religion must be taught pious people only are prepared to teach it ; therefore, only this class of people must be employed in the schools. This would be to have a religious test for officers in the Govern ment, and will have the effect of placing a premium on pious frauds and hypocrites. The Bible contains the sacred and heavenly truths that every child should have indelibly printed on the tablets of the heart. lb is un fortunate that any should be deprived of its sacred truths, and they will not if the church, whom God has commissioned to carry the Gospel to every creature, ehould set about the work in the proper way, depending upon the source of all power to perform the work. But I am compelled to protest against the pro posed UBe of the Bible or teaching religion in any form by the aid of the State. If the State may teach religion in schools the State may teach religion in churches of her own establishment). If both were done it would neither be a benefit to the State nor the Church. Schaff says, 'Secular power has proved a satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the bands of tba State.' I would suggest that ministers of the Gospel, Sunday-school teachers, and Christians in every organisa tion, ask God for that promised power, and then go forth in the strength of the Master to eeek the lost and save the perishing. If they do this there will be such a power attend their work as will remove the necessity of asking aid from the State. — I am, &c;, L. J. ROUSSEAU. 