POLYNESIAN REMINISCENCES. ' "KIEL VAN DAMME, P.R.G.S.] No. IV. Colonel Smyth's report, after long investi gation, was clear and to the point; possession of Fiji would be' of doubtful advantage to the English, and British; rule would not/suit the natives. Consequently her Majesty declined King Cakob'au's goffer. Twelve' years later circumstances caused a reversal of this policy, but the Commissioner's judgment has not been : disproved. Some ; valuable appointments have been found, and a few traders and planters have made a living, but a great deal of money has also been lost. The dream of £30 per acre has not come true, and cotton planting has proved a failure. As for the natives, they have no doubt acquired much additional knowledge, both good and bad, a«d many of them would now feel as awkward without clothes as we should do, but their splendid health and noble bearing are gone. The consular esti mate of a total population of 300,000 was probably excessive, though not formed with out considerable inquiry. I know that Cakobau gave a feast at Ivandavu, at which 12,000 guests assembled; yet they came neither from the windward nor the leeward islands, but only from a small portion of the central part of the group. But admitting a large over-estimate, it is well known that the population has decreased enormously during the twenty years of British rule, the last census being, I think, below 70,000; and as their numbers have deteriorated so have their means of subsistence and enjoyments of life. When I first saw these people it seemed to me as if their race could have had no connection with the fall of our first parents, because the original curse on man, ''in the sweat of thy face slialt thou eat bread," and on woman, " in sorrow shalt thou bring forth children," was not in force amongst them, for the men had no need to toil, and the women no pain in labor; but the serpent must have come into their garden with the first white trader, and they are now learning, the lesson of struggling with the world for their daily bread. Consul Pritchard, from the day of his landing, encountered bitter opposition from several quarters, and no trading or mis sionary craft left the islands without letters both to Downing-street and Exeter Ilall, complaining of his conduct. I could jnot help hearing some extraordinary stories, but as I myself never saw anything wrong I came to regard them as idle talk. I cannot forget tha* to him I was indebted for my promotion to an office of good rank, which many a young gentleman, of higher connections than I can boast of would have beon proud to accept. Indeed, I met at Government House, in Sydney, a son, of the Earl of Kimberley, the hon. Major Wodhouse, going to the Marguesas Islands in.exactly a similar capa city. If it was with light heart and small sense of responsibility that Mr. Pritchard had suggested the annexation of a whole rice.of aliensand fcwohandred islaudsto hoot, are there not politicians in Australia who would annex a thousand islands to-morrow with no more idea of responsibility than a child? The only thing which seemed to me somewhat out of the way was the heavy drafts he made on the Foreign Office for ex penditure, which was certainly incurred, but of;en unnecessary and unauthorised. This was only of a piece: with his general cha racter, and could have been stopped by the Government easily enough, as it seemud to me, but it led to his ruin, and to some incon venience in my own case. It happened that my last account for salary and disbursement was lumped together in one draft on the plying officer of the foreign department, and this draft was nut presented until the Fijian complaints had brought on a crisis, and the whole batch of (he Consular bills hud been refused payment. A commission hid been sent co Fiji via Sydney to scrutinise every bill as well as the whole management of the Consulate. A letter directed me, therefore, to forward my account to the Commissioners through the Governor of New South Wales^ and it would be dealt with at once. I did so, and Sir John Young replied that the Commission had already finished its work and dissolved, wherefore he had remitted my papers, and others which also came too late, to the Home Government. In writing to Sir John, I had unnecessarily sent in not only the draft and account, but every document I had bear ing on my claim. I waited long and no money came. I, therefore, wrote a polite reminder to the paying officer, who replied that the papers had not reached him, and recommended me to address Sir John Young again. 1 did, and picture my astonishment when told that his Excellency regretted being unable to afford satisfactory informa tion, as a great mass of Fijian documents which had arrived too late, had been posted to England by the steamer Columbian, which was wrecked in the Red Sea, and no specifi cation had been taken of the papers so sent; so that whether mine were included or not there was no record in his office to show. Here was a singular complication. The Consular books were burnt and all my vouchers were in the sea. I did not even know exactly the figure of my claim-it was not very large-nor did anybody else, and, unable to get any satisfaction, I concluded I had better wait until some day I might call at the Foreign Office in London, when I was bound to get the salary at any rate, if I should have to lose the rest of the claim. I got it sooner, though. One day a gentleman came up to me in Collins-street and asked if my account,'of which he had heard from Sir John Young, was still unpaid^' I told him it was, but I was holding it over until I should have occa sion to go to England. Nonsense, he said, I should write unt'l I got it; but especially now that a Tory Government hud come in I ought not to postpone it another day. The Whigs, he assured me, were always humbugs in money matters; whereas the Tories were just the reverse. The idea of it making any difference to . me whether Whigs or Tories ruled in England was ra! her amusing, but I took the advice, aiid wrote a long letter to Lord Derby. Mails were slow in those days, but in a few months I had his reply. His Lordship regretted I had been kept waiting, enclosed form of account which he asked me to fill up with dates and figures as near as I could recollect, at the same time to indicate a bank in London where it could be'paid and receipt given. Truly, all is well that ends well. When I got the money I had waited six years for it. About this time it entered my head to write an account of my Fijian adventures, and this was published hy the "Australasian" in twelve chapters, under the heading "In the South Seas." I believe the editor was as much surprised as I at the great interest evoked by my trifling articles, which went far beyond their merit, and could only be accounted for by the attractiveness of the subject. Visits and letters came thick upon me, and as I was then in our Civil Service the former were most embarrassing. Two gentlemen came hundreds of miles to see me about making fortunes in Fiji, and one of them was so impressed with the descrip tion of the beauty and fertility of the islands that he went there expressly to verify my statements. He came back even mure enraptured than I, and floated the Polynesia Company. In the first prospectus my name appeared as principal promoter, but as this was incompatible with my posi tion in the Public Service, which I was not prepared to resign, I hud this altered and stood aside. The directors, however, paid me the compliment of voting me a number (jf shares gratis, and when the same became liable for heavy calls, they further obliged me by taking them back. How important the movement was may be judged from the fact, that the Melbourne Chamber of Com merce invited mo to address a meeting of merchants in their board room, which the president would convene it I consented. I did not, because the Government was op posed to the whole affair, and had a notice in the "Gazette" signed, J. G. Francis, Trea surer, warning all and sundry against going to Fiji. They did go, however, some with money and some .vit hout; and this movement, which culminated after a few years in Fiji becoming a colony, had grown out of iny letters as a mighty oak may spring from an acorn. I do not know if by that time the Quest's conscience had got reconciled ; and I am not quite sure of my own, but it had become evident that, for good or for evil, the Fiji islands erould not escape an invasion of whites. This is all I wanted to say in these letters. I never do sound my own trumpet, so long as there is anybody else prepared to render me that service, but so far, the before mentioned present of shares is all the reward I have had for my trouble. I am not certain it was worth any more. Still, who knows what may happen ? It was only tjie other day we had q committee etirring up the country to find out who was the first to discover gold in Bondigo. Perhaps, in the distant future, the British Parliament, or the Fijian one, will move heaven and earth to -irrae.rt' the man who added Fiji to the.Empire;., .i'heu will, tlie time for my ghost to revisit-the glimpses of,the moon, and testify on my be half : ;'' I did it." And When scoffers! laugh at; a . claim, whose. proofs" are amongst Pharaoh's horsemen, at the bottom of the Red >'ea, lie'shall from His phantom shroud stretch forth'a withered hand,-and point for solemn confirmation' ta thia page in the: BENDIQO AUVKRTISER of , the twenty- second day of April, in. the year of grace one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, which date will then be of bygone times, a long way back in an olderi pait. ' .Once more bidding good-bye to Fiji, its rapturous scene.'! and strange adventures, which have enriched the gallery of my soul with more treasures than any other expe rience I have h-id, J venture to conclude these sketches with a dutiful address to the lady-reader in Moore's charming words- ? "Believe me, lady, when the zephyrs bland" ! Floatedmy hark to this enchanted land, . ; These:leafy isles, upon; the ocean throxyn,- ., . Like studs of emerald o'er a silver zone : Never did weary bark more sweetly glide,' '» Or rest its anchor' in a lovelier tide !" [CONCLUSION.] * 