ALL ALONG THE RIVER. Bi MISS M. E. BEADDON. CHAPTER XXVI.— 1 "Though Love and LTPK AND DKATU SHOULD COM I. AND CO. Lsolu was alone in the spacious Roman drawingroom, witli its wide windows and shady loggia, Tho sun was off that side of the house now, and Llio Venetian uiiutieis had been pushed hack, and between tho heavy stone pillars of the loggia she saw the orange and magnolia trees in the garden, ami the pale gold ol the mimosns beyond. The sun was shining full upon the Mill ol Gar dens, that hill at whose foot Nero was buried— in seercl, at dead of night, by his faithful freedman and the devoted woman who loved him to the shameful end of the shameful life; that hill whoso antique groves the wicked Gs sar's gho.jt had omo made a place of terror. The wicked ghost was laid now. Modern civilisation had sent Nero the way of all phantoms, ami lashion- able Rome made holiday cm the Hill <>f Gardens. A military hand was playing there this afternoon in the golden lighl, and the familiar melodies of Don Giovanni were wafted ever and anon in little gusts of sweet- ucqS Lo the loggia, where the vivid crimson of waxen camellias and the softer lose ol oleander blossoms gave brightness and color to the dark foliage and the cold white stone. isola heard those fur oil' melodies, faint in the distance, without heeding. The notes were beyond measure familiar, interwoven with the very fabric of her life ; for those were the airs Martin Disney loved, and she had played them to him nearly every evening in their quiet monotonous life. She heard unheeding, for Iter thoughts had wandered back to tiic night of the ball at Lostwithiel, and all that went after it — (he fatal night that struck the death-knell of peace ami innocence. How vividly she remembered every detail ; liar Muttering apprehensions during the long drive in the dark lanes, up hill ami down hill ; her eagerness for the delight of the dance, as an unaccustomed pleasure, a scene to which youthful beauty Hies as the moth to the llanie ; her remorseful consciousness that she had done wrong in yielding to tho temptation which drew her there; the long ing to see Lord Lostwithiel puce more — Lostwithiel, whom she had vowed to her self never to meet again ot her own free will. She had gone home that afternoon resolved to forego the hall, to make any social sacrifice rather than look upon that man whose burning words of love, breathed in her ear before she had enough of nerve or calmness to silence him, had left her scathed and seared as if the lightning had blasted her. She had heard his avowal ; no room now to doubt the meaning of all that had gone before ; no ground now for believing in a lender Platonic admiration, lapping her round with its soft radiance, a light hut not a lire. That) which had burnt into her soul to-day was the fierce Maine of dishonoring love— the open avowal of a love that wanted to steal her from her husband, and make her a sinner before her God. She knew this much— had brooded upon it all the evening — and yet she was going to a place where she must inevitably meet the Tempter. She was going because it was expedient to go ; because her persistent refusal Lo lie there might give rise to guesses and suspicions that would lead to a discovery of the real reason of her absence. She had seen often enough the subtle process, (lie society search-light, by which Trelaseo ami Fowcy could arrive at the innermost working of a neighbor's heart, the deepest mysteries of motive. She was going lu the ball alter all, fevered, anxious, full of dim forebodings; ami yet with an eager expectancy ; and yet with a strange overmastering joy. How should she meet him ? How could she avoid him, with out ostentatious avoidance, knowing how many eyes would bo quick to mark any de viation from conventional propriety ? .Some how or other she Mas resolved lo avoid all association with him ; to get her card tilled before lie could ask her to dance ; or in any case lo refuse if lie asked her. He would scarcely venture to approach her after what, hud been said iu the lane, when her indigna tion hud been plainly expressed, with angry tears. No, lie would hardly dare. Ami so — in a vague bewilderment at linding she was at her journey's end— she saw the lights of the little town close upon her, and in the next few minutes her carriage was moving slowly iu the rank of carriages setting down their freight at the door of the inn. Vaguely, as in a dream, she saw the lights and tho Mowers, the line dresses and the diamonds, the scarlet ami white upon tiic walls, brush and vizard, vizard ami brush. He was not there. She looked among ihe crowd, and that tall ligure and that dark head were absent. She ought to have been glad at this respite; and yet her heart grew heavy as lead. Later he was there, and she was "waltzing witli him. At the last moment when lie was standing before her, cool, self-possessed, : as it were unconscious of that burning past , she hud no more power to refuse to be his partner than the bird has to escape from the Kii:ik«> She had L'ivnn liiin ln>r iinmL snnl liiey were moving slowly, softly lo the tnusio of the soft, slow waltz. Myosoiis, myosotis — mystic Mower which mean:-, ever lasting remembrance — would siie ever forget this night V 'Their last meeting — saicst possible mceting-plaee here in the shine of the lamps — in the sight of the multitude. Hero she could hold him at arm's length; here she might speak to him lightly, as if she too were unconscious of the past. Here she was safe against li is madness and her own weak, unstable heart, which Muttered at his smallest word. And so the night worn oil, and she danced with him more limes than she could count, forgetting, or pretending to forget, other en gagements; going through an occasional waltz with another partner just for decency's sake, and hardly knowing who t hat partner was; knowing so well that there was some one else standing against the wall watching her every movement, with the love-light iu his eyes. Then came the period after supper when they sat in the anteroom and let the dances go by, hearing the music of waltzes which they were to have danced together, hearing and heeding not. And then came a sudden scare at tiic thought) of the hour — was it late ? Late, very late ! The discovery Muttered and unnerved her, and she was scarcely able to collect her thoughts, as he handed her into the carriage, and shut the door. " Surely it was a white horse that brought me," she exclaimed, and in the next minute site recognised LostwithioTs brougham, llio same carriage in which she had been driven home through the rain upon that unforgollen night when his house sheltered her, when she saw his face for the Mrst time. Yes, it was his carriage. She knew the colour of the lining, the little brass clock, the reading lamp, tho black panther rug. She pulled at the check string, but without cM'eet. The carriage drove on slowlv, but steadily, to the end of the town. She let down the window and called to the coach man. Thcie was only one man on the box, and he look no notice of iter call. Yes, he had heard her, perhaps, for ho drew up his horse suddenly by tho roadside, a little way beyond the town. A man opened tho door and sprang in, breathless after running. , ft was Lostwithiel. " You put me into your carriage," she cried, distractedly. "How could you make such a mistake V Pray, tell him Lo go back to the Inn directly." They were driving along tho country road at a rapid pace; ami he had seated himself by her side, clasping her hand. lie pulled up the window nearest her, and prevented her calling to the coachman. " Why should you go hack 1 You will be home sooner with my horse than with tho screw that brought you." " But the lly will be waiting for me— tho man will wonder." " Let him wonder. Hn won't wait very long, you may he assured. He will guess what has happened. In the confusion of carriages you took the wrong one. Isola, I am going to leave Cornwall to- night— to leave England — perhaps never to return. Give mo the last few moments of my life here. Be merciful Lo me. I am going away — perhaps forever." Take me home," she said. " Are you really taking mu home ? Is this the right way ?" " Of 'course it is tho right way. Do you suppose I am going to drive you to London ?" He lot down tho glass suddenly, and X)ointed out to the night. " Isola, do you see whom wo are ? There's tho sign post at tho cross roads. There's the tower of Tywardrealh Church, though you can hardly ace it in this dim light. Are you satisfied now Y5 llo had drawn up the glass again. The windows wore growing dim with the mist of their mingled breath ; the atmosphere was 1 faint with the odour of the faded chrysan themums on her gown and the gardenia in tho lapel of his eoat. All that she could see of the outer world was the blurred light of the carriage lumns. 'The high-spirited horse was going up and down the hills at a perilous pace. At this rale the journey could not take long. Aiul then— ami then— he came hack lo the nruyor he had breathed inher earuiore than 12 hours ago in the wintry lane, lie loved her, lie loved her, he loved her— could she refine to go away with hiin-- havi»g woven herself into his life, having made him nmdly, help- lessly in love with her? Could she refuse? Ifnd any woman tho right to refuse ? He appealed to her sense of honor. iSho lmd grjiio too far— she hud granted loo much already, granting hiiu her love. .She was in liis arms "in' tho dim light, iu tho faint, dream like atmosphere. lie was taking posses- aion of her weak heart by all that science of love iu which he Mas past master. Honor, conscience, fidelity to the absent, piety, in nocence, were being swept, away in (hat lave, flood of passion. Helpless, irresolute, she labeled again and again. "Take me home, Lost wi thiol ! Have mercy ! Take me home." He stopped those tremulous lips with a kiss the kiss that betrays. The carriage dashed down a sleep hill, rallied along a street so narrow that wheels seemed to grind against the house fronts on each side, down hill again, and (hen it drew up suddenly iu a stony square, and the door opened, and (ho soft , sweet sea-breeze, hlewamoiig her loosened hair, and upon her uncovered neck, and aim heard (lie gentle pli.-di-plash of a boat moored against I he quay at her feet . "This is not. home," she cried pilcnusly. " Yen, it; is homo, !ove,ourhonio for a little uhile— the home that ran carry its to the Other end of the world, if you u ill." Tho quay, and the wafer, and Hie few faint lights here and there grew dark, and she k ii"w no more, till rim heard the sailors crying w<», heave, yeo, ami the heavy sails .swinging, and the creak of tho boom as it swayed in the wind, and f 'ell the dancing motion of the boat as .she cut her way through the waves, felt the strong arm that clasped her, and heard the low, foiul voico that murmured in her ear, " Isola, Isola, forgive me, 1 could no' live without you." Tlinl which eaine afterwards had seemed one long and lurid dream— a dream of fair weather and foul : of peril and despair ; of passionate, all-conquering love. (To bo continued.) 