jrt'as it a (à host tlicy .Saw I > Mus. H. fl, Jennings live« at No. 211 Main otrco-, Bridgeport, and Miss Miuute Parrot buajds with her. Tbc bouau ¡3 an old one but in good order. Une niuht early in De c roher (1S91) the two wocum locked all the doors and w<nt to the tlioitre, leaving not a soul in the house. They kft the gas burn ins, however, in the front parlour. About half-past cluveo they returned, and entered the house laughing nad taîfctug. Bat as they went into the parlour the merry humour di d out of them iu a second. Kight in the middle of the room stood a man of gigantic suture. The upper part of his face was concealed by a m&bk;, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His 6hirt-3leevc* were rolled up, aud in one bond be carried a long, old-fnshioutd pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jenr.io£3 citne in tive minuter later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the worn en saw? "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these about two o'clock 1 was sud* denly aroused from a doze by what seemed lile the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother 1 just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, ou which journey she was killed in a railway ^ disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and 1 would never get well. Yet 1 did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak neives, for I've never s en it since, aud it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play olí on you when your system is out of condition. In March, IS90, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of fXirracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows.—"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in tbe rocm with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case 1 should call out for help. This was in June, 1SS0. 1 slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed, There was often a severe pain in my bead and over my eves and I was sick most of the time. • My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By«and»by I had to lie helpless io bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, aud could not retain even that ou my stomach. By this time I wa3 nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My bead acbcd so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreei that I would never get better. "I hid given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and aeked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. A3 she seemed to have such faith in this medicine, ¡I tried it, Riil in three days 1 was able to ¿walk across the room, and by the end of the ¡'week I went down stairs. Now I am a3 weîl as ever. I can eat-and digest my food, and : all my nervousness has left me," The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was ; indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pros tration.The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of htr hu^btnd, by accident, and the system rallied only when the.: Syrup had given new vigor to the dîne-lion, and thus fed and toued tbe nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Brilgéport ghest, it remains true that mrst unctcny visions and,sounds mean nothing more or lcs3 than a set of'ner'ves all upset ; y indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts e me from Vhe;in?ido of the pusnn who sees thvm, and ,wheu ^Içther SeijiePá Syrup doe* it> work-the eye* and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 