Itgtmrs £ ^ DIOOESAN REPORT OF POET AUGUSTA.—'The: fourth report of the liabilities of tbe Roman: Catholic Diocsse of Port Augusta has been' published, aud to judge by tbe information to be found therein (says the Dispatch.) it is as satisfactory, considering the depressed times,' aB those which have preceded it. Tbe expenditure shown for the twelve months ending November 20, 1892, was £2,299 10s. 3d., while the total receipts were £4,297 4s. 9d. Thus it will be seen that a reduction of liabilities, amounting to £1,997 14s. Gd., has resulted. The following extract from the report willgivea good idea of tbe state of thiugB:—" Taking the two classes of our liabilities—the old and the new—separately we have the following figures:—l/ndertheheadiug'old liabilities' the charges against the various aooounts amounted for the year to £9S4 4s. 5d. Of this sum the great bulk represented interest accruing for the term. The income, on the other hand, was £2,8(58 i5g. 5d. The balance iu our favour—indicating a decrease of indebtedness—amounted to £1,SS4 lis. The latest item, therefore, to be added to the ta^le showing our position from year to year so far as the 'old liabilities' : . of the Diocese are concerned is of the same ' encouraging nature as were the items previously entered. For the successive years of our history our indebtedness in connection with the old accounts of the DiooeBe stands thus:—August 13, 1889, £18,095 November 30, 1S90, £13,539 8c. 7d.; November 30, 1891, £9,110 2a. 5d.; November 30, 1892, £7,225 lis. 5d. As regards 'new liabilities'—those incurred in connection with accounts opened sinoe the formation of the See—the expenditure for the year amounted to £1,315 5s. lOd. Of this outlay but a small fraction was lost in interest; for by far the greater portion we have full value m the assets secured. The reoeiptafor the term oame to £1,428 9s. 4d. Here again, as will bB seen, we have the balanoe iu our favour. While adding materially to the diooesan properties, we still were enabled to finish the year with an indebtedness less by £113 3s. 6d. than our indebtedness at the close of the previous twelvemonth." HOME MISSION SERVICES.—In continuation; of the special services in connection with the Home Mission a public meeting was held in 1 the Wellington-square Ohurcb, North Adelaide, on Monday evening. Mr. W. Gilbert, H.P., presided. After devotional exercises Mr. W. Diment (the Treasurer) read the financial statement for the year, which lhowed that the income had been £300 4s. and the ' expenditure £329 17s. lid., so that they were £29 13s. lid. to the bad. Addresses on mis- .* eiouary work, during whioh it was urged thatf : '••" the Divine love comprehended the whole world Bnd that God's message was to all His creatures, were delivered by the Revs. C. Bright, J. G. Wright, and J. D. Thompson. THE SALVATION ARMY.—The subscriptions ""8 in aid of the Training Homes in South Ann- :i tralia of the Salvation Army are complete, , aud on summing everything up we find that - we have raised the sum of £283, being an advance oF £3i cn lsst jetr'u amount. This, - we are inclined to think, is a decided victory, and speaks more loudly than words can of the determined effort made by our comrades in - ^ this direction. The Southern Division was of .< course first, having .raised £126, the Central 1 . making a good second with £96, and tbe Northern, where veiy much financial depresson exists, coining in with £60.—War Cry. WELLINGTON - BQUAEE CHUUGH.—Special Home Mission services were held on Sunday J last at Wellington-square Church. The oooasion being also Whit Sunday the Rev. 3. Day Thompson asked the attention of his morning audience to the story of tbe water turned into wine, which he interpreted as a "sign" (John's word for the miracles) or parable of the spiritual mission of Christ,' which was to enrich and ennoble the religion*' thought and life of His time and of all time.. When He came the wine of the old prophets 1 ' had ceased to flow, and there was ebb tide and : emptiness, depletion, and dilution. Religion was a thing of traditions, ceremonies, and taskwork; there was no insight, little qr no spirituality, no gladness or spontaneity inreligious life and service. Mr. Thompson] Bhowed how it was the inevitable law for the;' first hand glowing convictions of one age to become mere conventions and .formulas in the next; and how this spiritual miracle of turning the water into wine again was having continually to be performed. It was still Christ's work to do that by the energy of the spirit, whose oomingat Pentecost they commemorated that day. Peter rejected the suggestion that it was vinous intoxication which amounted for ? what the people saw aud heard on the Day of Pentecost, but he proceeded to show that a true vital and spiritual exhilaration had' come to him aud bis fellow-apostles. It was " new wine," but not of the spirituous sort. Whitsuntide, said the preacher, was not a mere historic commemoration; it suggested 4 the perpetual recreating energy Of the spirifc' of Christ, which might be perpetually experienced. Many illustrations were used to show how the oourse of religions history both ^ before and since Christ proved this. Religious * life was impoverished in these days because i people seemed to think only of something done T" is Jerusalem 1,900 years ago whioh oould never be repeated. Mr. Thompson held that it might be repeated in all its essential features continually, aud was indeed being so repeated. What we wanted was more faitn in - the ever-present energy of the Holy Ghost— more patience, more reverence, mora receptivenesB; a greater readiness to see Christ both in old forms and new ones. Mr. Thompson also/ showed at length how the same prooess of enrichment might be taking _jp!aoe continuously in the individual life. The wine of the past might fail, tha creed of the old days no longer satisfy, but Christ was ever present - to provide fresh wine for the sustenance of tbe 1 soul. The spiritual could never fail out of i men or out of the world. In the evening ; Mr. Thompson based his remarks on the story ' of the demoniac who after being cured prayed Christ that he might remain with TTwn, but of whom Christ made a missionary to his own home and city and district. The point of the sermon was to Bhow that religious emotion was not simply to be indulged but used in practical service for humanity. Feeling was force for duty. There was a good deal of religious sentimentalism and selfishness whioh thought only of having a good time, but took very little thought for the woes and needs of others. Everyone was bound to be a home missionary up to the measure of his enlightenment and experience. A number of illustratious drawn from different sources vera used to enforce this theme, and the preacher laid special stress on bearing witness for Christ and _ religion at home in one's own actual conditions and surroundings. Many a man aspired to be a light of the world who had not yet learnt to be tbe illuminator of his own little home-oirole. Good collections were ' taken for the Primitive Methodist Borne Missions. 