LETTERS TO PUBLIC MEN. Second Series.—No. XXIII. JAMES PENN BOUCA.UT, JUDGE Dear Sir—This is the second time that I have taken upon myself to address you, and although I cannot say that I do so with a feeling of enthu siastic pleasure, I at least am not animated by any malicious incentive. It appears to me that at the present moment I can ventilate certain questions more conveniently by inditing one of my gentle epistles to your sacred self, and while doing* so I may have to introduce a few remarks on the quasi-public side of your character. Of course you know that I am sufficiently .escaped from the trammels of tradition to bring even the per sonification of the law in the human persons of Judges to the bar of criticism. Now, I have entirely forgotten what I said to you on a former occasion, and I am rather glad of the fact, for I can regard you anew from a fresh point of vantage, free from the fear of offending the niceties of consistency. Not that I intend to contradict myself radically. I am always in the mood of Democratic frankness. But you and I are both a couple of years older, and if you have not closely studied me, I have watched your career, as I watch the careers and conduct of the hurrying, skurrying, lying, cheating, selfish human ants around me: Don't be alarmed at this rapid classification, however. I am not going to moralize. Life is too short. Besides, I hold that it is more effective to expose misdoing than to preach a sermon upon it. But to business. Since you were previously honored with a notice in these columns, you have had a twelve-months' holiday jaunt through Europe and portions of the old country. Have not your observations been chronicled in classic prose and embalmed in the imperishable unction of printers' ink ? Those " Letters to Boys," so chaste in style and so ethically pure, will rival the magnificent breakwater at Victor Harbor to make you famous as an "eminent South Aus tralian " when your legal decisions are buried in the oblivion of reversion. A judgment or ruling only stands until it is knocked down; but literary and, granite monuments remain until an earth quake or universal cataclysm destroy them. If Europe were to be again overwhelmed by a barbarian deluge, followed by another period of dark ages, would not the tricks of the Venetian guide or the excellence of German beer be preserved for the information of the archaeological Maorilander? No matter if there was a lot of small beer literature in those marvellous letters, they will live as an indestructible literary obelisk to the eminence of your genius. Perhaps the aforesaid Maorilander may construct a cryptogram out of them, and prove that they contain an astronomical significance, like the Pyramids; or the authorship may be disputed and attributed to —the Earl of Carclew. The latter danger is, however, remote, for those loyal to your claims will point with conclusive demonstration to your second name—Penn. To your contemporaries the narrative of your wanderings was very interesting, apart altogether from the question of style. Your admiration for the ivy- covered ruinsvof abbeys and cathedrals may have been rather bourgeoises and your re flections upon political and religious aliens may have been rendered somewhat worthless by an undisguised bias; still, you led us about in imagination from place to place with refreshing distinctness. I daresay if you were a professional guide you would become as wily as the Venetian chap. But with regard to your literary achieve ments a question has suggested itself to me and others which we have not been quite able to answer. It is this : Would a man who had scored as the writer of letters to boys rest content, or would he not be inclined to aspire to the leading columns of a great daily paper—with a certified circulation of 21,000? You see it is an abstract proposition which involves an analysis of human nature. It has been discussed at our little midday impromptu debating club to the accompaniment of malt bread and tea, but we have been unable to arrive at any satisfactory conclusion, and I now make a present of it to the various argumentative Literary Societies of South Australia. Of course the leading columns of a newspaper are the cemetery of fame, and even any eminent person would have to sink his reputa tion in a grave of anonymity to the dirge of the .editorial " We." The metaphor is an old one I admit, but should the eminent person's pen be seen sticking through the poor coffin his ghost dare not claim it, because it would be known that it did not get there without a purpose. But putting aside all this literary result of your trip, there is another aspect of your holiday which has suggested itself to the public. Your extended leave followed that enjoyed by Chief Justice Way, and for two years this little community of 320,000 persons managed to get along very well' indeed with two Judges, proving that three Judges are one too many. I am an inveterate advocate of the eight-hours principle. Indeed, I am convinced that if everyone did his honest share no one would have to work more than four hours a day—not even the fat man who does not work at all, but wbo says that at some period of accruing obesity he worked fourteen hours a day. Therefore if two Judges cannot get through the judicial business of the State in an average of eight hours a day then we must have three. Still, as I say, for two years South Australia did very well with two Judges, and consequently there is no reason in the world why we should have more. When you were in practice you would not employ three clerks to do the work of two. The same inex orable principle ought to apply to the management of the business of the country. There was no dismaying accumulation of legal work while you were away collecting the material for those inimitable " Letters to Boys," and your employers do not see the fun of paying three Judges when only two are required. It does not appear that in this matter the commercial axiom that the supply creates the demand is confirmed, for since the return of yourself and the presence of three admirable Judges crime and litigation have not increased. The readiness of the Judges for more work has not brought more work. Nor does the future indicate any boom in criminality. The Banks have ceased bursting, and embezzlers are frustrated by the fact that no one has any money to embezzle, or if a stray individual has some it is so small in quantity that he takes precious good care to guard it from would-be rogues. No, we have got along very well with two Judges, and in these days of retrenchment we are averse to luxuries, however dignified. I do not say what steps should be taken to reduce the number of J udges. That is a matter for the Government and—you. If I were autocrat of South Australia for one day I would make the Chief Justice Governor, and I would easily settle the question. I would make you Chief Justice. I am persuaded that this arrangement would meet with all-round approval, except amongst the little Imperialistic coterie who look upon Government House as their special preserve. Lieutenant-Governor Way would be a model Governor, and you would be a model Chief Justice, and as for the ex-grocers, and tanners, and bakers, who oppose the proposition—pooh! let them wail and short unnoticed. Who are they that they should be considered ? They have had a very good time at the expense of the country, and now they can surely afford to pay for their own pleasure. Of course I believe that Chief Justice Way would be a more entertaining Gover nor than the impecunious young men lately foisted on the Australias, and I think that he would hold on to that "silken bond" quite as tightly as any of them. The political fears expressed by the Imperialists are imaginary. Those grandiloquent jingoes are simply suffering from nerves. But presuming that they may be strong enough in the Colonial Office to prevent the accomplishment of the people's will, there is still no reason why we should go on with three judges. I am glad to believe that you are superior to the ordinary monetary cares of life, and I fancy that the position of a Cornish country gentleman would not be disagreeable to you. Therefore you could cut the gordian knot with a sharp pen in a few seconds. Now, I admit that I have been digressing. Still, you will see that it was necessary in order to lead up to the last sentence, where you have the kernel of the nut. But I am done with that subject for a while, and must come to something of a more personal nature. Ha! I can just fancy I see you pull yourself up in your comfortable office chair and prepare yourself with awakened mental alertness. Restez tranquille ! I am not going to endanger our friendly relations, unless it be that you should begin to dislike me because I happen to approve of Homburg's outspokenness on the subject of Circuit expenses. If Judges are not to be subject to criticism they will become a tyranny. It is criticism that checks the arrogance of un justifiable power. As a matter of fact the sen tences and conduct of Judges are always canvassed by the public privately, and I see no reason why their actions should not be scrutinised in Parliament and in the press. They are not infallible—at least no resolution to that effect has been passed by a convention of Asses. When you are on Circuit and call for a large bottle of gold top—if you do favor that, sort of thirst quencher—you should recollect as you swallow the first fine sip that the price of the liquid is extracted from laboring men as well as from wealthy individuals. I know that Ward and I differ very much upon this question of State entertainment. He would like to bathe in champagne provided by the country. I consider that no man, Judge or trooper, should be allowed more than a reasonable subsist. I want you to quite understand that I do not accuse the Judges of extravagance. Yet you will admit that £1 10s. to £1 15s. per day is not a frugal scale for one man, and that is the average cost of the circuit parties. It simply means that from 17s. 6d. to 22s. 6d. is spent in wines, cigars, &c.;, and that strikes me as being a very liberal allowance indeed. You must remember that each of the six members of the Circuit party indulges in these excess luxuries, so that the daily bill is thus multiplied by six. I admit that it looks, trivial to discuss this sort of thing, but when the dignity of the law is at stake such trivialities ought to be thrashed out. It is a simple point: if a Judge indulges in cigars and champagne at the Government expense why should the humble bobby or the slaving Government Surveyor be ground down to the merest pittance in the shape of travelling allowance 1 Mr Homburg has been assailed by a certain class for daring to impeach the Judges, but I can tell you that the real community highly approve of his courageousness. But I am getting to the end of my tether. In this letter I have enlarged on one or two subjects, that I know will interest you, even if you do not take my advice. There are other matters that I would liked to have touched upon, but time and space (journalistic) are limited. I have heard it suggested that you would not be averse to re entering politics, and that you have even contem plated the possibility of becoming Agent-General for the province in London. As to the first idea,, take my advice—don't; as to the second, too late. Think over what I have said, and allow mo to subscribe myself yours sincerely, QUIZ. 