THE STORYTELLER MONTEZITMA'S DAUGHTER. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of 'She,' 'Allan Quatcrraain,' 'KiDg Solomon's Mines,' 'Mr. Meeson's Will,' &c;, &c.; COPTEIGHTED, 1893, BY H. RlDER HaGOABD. Chapter XXXI.— OTOMIE PLEADS WITH HER PEOPLE. When I awoke it was to find myse'f in a cave, where the light ehone very dimly. Otomie leant over me, and not far away a man was cooking1 a pot over a fire made of dry aloe-leaveB. 'Where am I, and what has happened r' I asked. 'You are safe, beloved,' she answered, 'at least for a while. When you have eaten I will tell you more.' She brought me broth and food, and I ate eagerly ; and when I was satisfied she tpoke. ' You remember how the Tlascaian followed up, and how — I was rid of him ?' 'I do remember, O;omie; though how you | found (strength to Kill him I do not understand.' ' Love ami despair gave it to me, and I pray that I may nev-r Lave £uch another need. Do not speak of r, husband, for tlii-s is more horrible Here was ho whom I had come to seek aud save, my friend, my brother, Guatemoc, the last Emperor of Anabuac. Here he hung in the dim and desolate forest, dead by the death of a thief, while the vulture shrieked upon his head. — Chapteb XXXII. to me than all that has been before. One tLing comforts me, however : I did not kill him ; the sword twitted in my h«nd, and I believe that he was but stunned. Then we fled a little way, and, looking back, I saw that two other Tlascalans— companions of the senseless man — were following us -and him. Presently they came up to -where he lay, and stared at him. Then . they started on our tracks, running hard, and very soon they must have caught us, for now you could scarcely stir, your mind was gone, and I had no more strength to carry you. Still, we stumbled on till presently, when the pursuers were within fifty paces of up, I saw armed men — eight of them— rushing .it us from the bushes. They were of my ova people, the Otomies — ffoldiens that had served uuder you — who watched the Spanish camp, and, seeing a Spaniard alone, they came to slay him. They very nearly did eo, indeed, for at first I was so breathless that I could scarcely speak ; but at last, in a few words, I made shift to declare my name and tank and your sad plight. By now the two 'Tlascalans were upon us, and I called to the men of Otomie to pro tect us, and, falling on the Tlascalans before they knew that enemies were there, they killed one of them and took the other prisoner. Then they made a litter, and, placing you on it, bore you without rest 20 leagues into the mountains, till they reached this secret hiding-place ; and here you have lain three days and nights. The Teules Lave searched for you far and wide, but they have searched in vain. Only yesterday two of them, with 10 Tlascalans, passed within 100 paces of this cave, and I had much, ado to prevent our people from attacking them- Now they are gone whence they came, and I think we are safe for a time. Soon you will be better, and we can go hence.' ' Where can we go to, Otomie ? We are birds without a nest.' ' We must seek shelter in the City of Pines, or fly across the water. There is no other choice, husband.' ' We cannot try the sea, Otomie, for all the ship3 that come here are Spanish, and I do not know how they will greet us in the City of Pines now that our cause is lost, and with it so many thousands of their warriors.' 'Wemust take the risk, husband. There are still true hearts in Anahuac who will stand by us in our sorrow and their own . At the least we have escaped from greater dangers. Now let me dress your wounds and rest a while.' Sj for three more days I lay in the cave of the mountains, and Otomie tended me ; and at the end of that time my state was such that I could travel in a litter, though for some weeks I was unable to Pet foot to the ground . On the fourth day we started by night, and I was carried on men's shoulders till at length we passed up the gorge that leads to the City of Pines. Here we weie stopped by sentries, to whom Otomie told our tale, bidding some of them go forward and repeat it to the captains of the city. Wo followed the messengers slowly, for my bearers were weary, and came to the gat s of the beautiful town just as the red rays of sunset struck upon the snowy pinnacle of Xaca that towers behind it, turning her cap of smoke to a sullen red, like that of molten iron . ' The news of our coming had spread about, and here and there knots of people were gathered to watch us pass. For the most part they stood silent ; but now and again come woman whose husband or 6on had perished in the siege would hiss a curse at us. Alas ! how different was our state this day from w \at it had been when, not a year before, we entered the City of Pines for the first time ! Then we were ereorted Ly an army ten thousand strong ; then musicians had sung before us, and our path was 6trewn with flower.*. And now !— now we came, two fugitives from the vengeance of the ' Teules, I borne in a litter by four tired soldiers, -while Otomie, the princess of this people, still clad in her wanton's robe, at which the women mocked — for she had been able to come by no other — tramped at my side, since there were none to carry her ; and the inhabitants of the place cursed us as the authors of their woes. Nor did we know if they would stop at words. At length we crossed the square beneath the shadow of the teocalli, and reached the ancient sculptured palace as the light failed, and the smoke on Xaca, the holy hill, began to glow with the fire in his heart. Here small preparation had been made to receive us, and that night we supped ' by the fire of a tcrch upon tortillos or meal-cakes and water, like the humblest in the land . Then we crept to our rest, and, as I lay awake because of ib.3 pain of my hurts, I heard Otomie, who thought that I slept, break into low sobbing at cay side. Her proud spirit was humbled at last, and she, whom I had never known to weep except once, when our firstborn died in the siege, wept bitterly. 'Why do you sorrow thus, Otomie?' I asked at length. ? ' I did not know that you were awake, husband, ' ' ehe sobbed in answer, ' or I would have checked my grief. Husband, I sorrow over all that has befallen us and my people — also, though these are but little things, because you are brought low and treated as a man of no estate, and of the cold comfoit that we find here.' ' You have cause, wife,' I answered. 'Say, what will these Otomies do with us— kill us, or give us up to the Teules ? ' ' I do not know ; to-morrow we shall learn ; but for my part I will not be surrendered living.' 'Nor I, wife. Death is better than the tender mercies of Cortes and his minister, De Garcia . Is there any hope ? ' ' Yes, there is hope, beloved. Now the Otomies are cast down, and. they remember that we led the flower of their land to death. But they are brave and generous at heart, and, if I can touch them there, all may yet be well. Weariness, pain, and memory make us weak, who should be full of c u rage, having escaped so many ills. Sleep, my husband, and leave me to think. All shall yet go well, for even misfortune has an end.' So I slept, and woke in the morning somewhat refreshed and with a happier mind, for who is there that is not bolder when the light shines on him and he is renewed by rest ? When I opened my eyeB the sun was already high, but Otomie had risen with the dawn, and she had not been idle during those three hours. For one thing, she had contrived to obtain food and fresh raiment more befitting our rank than the rags in which we were clothed. AIeo she had brought together certain men of condition who were friendly and loyal to her in misfortune, and these she sent about the city, letting it be known that she would address the people at midday from the steps of the palace, for, as Otomie knew well, the heartstrings of a crowd are touched more easily than those of cold and ancient councillors. ' Will they come to listen P ' I asked. ' Have no fear,' she answered. ' The desire to look upon us who have survived the siege, and to kro jv the truth of what has happened, wul bring them. Moreover, some will be there seeking ven gance on us.' Otomie was right, for as the morning drew on towards midday, I saw the dwellers in the City of Pines gathering in thousands, till the space between the steps of the palace and the face of the pyramid was black with them. Now Otomie ?:'Mi combed her curling hair and placed flowers in it, HT and set a gleaming feather cloak about her shoul- H| ders, so that it hung down over her white robes, HF and on her breast that spendid necklace of emeralds K which Guatemoc had given to me in the treasure- H chamber, and which she had preserved racely jS through all our evil fortune, and a gulden girdle B about her waist. In her hand, also, she took a K little sceptre of ebony tipped with gold, that was I; in the palace, with other ornaments and emblems m of rank, and thus attired, though she was worn B with travel and suffering, and grief had dimmed ?;' her beauty for a while, she seemed the queenliest woman that my eyes have seen. Next she caused me to ba laid upon my rude litter, and when the hour of noon was come she commanded those soldiers who had borne me across the moun tains to carry me by her side. Thus we issued from the wide doorway of the palace, and took our stand upon the platform at the head of the steps. As we came, a great cry rose from the thousands of the people, a fierce cry like that of wild beasts howling for their prey. Higher and higher it rose, a sound to strike terror into the bravest heart, and by degrees I caught its pur port. ' Kill them !' said the cry. ' Give the liars to the Teules.' Otomie stepped forward to the edge of the platform, and, lifting the ebony sceptre, she stood silent, the sunlight beating on her lovely face and form. But the multitude screamed a thousand t Hints and threats at us; and still the tumult grew. Once they rushed towards her as though to tear her to pieces, but fell back at the last stair, as a wave falls from a rock ; and once a spear was thrown that passed between her neck and shoulder. Now the soldiers who had carried me, making certain that our death was at hand, and having no wish to share it, set my litter down upon the stones and slipped back into the palace ; but all this while Otomie never so much as moved, no not even when the spear hissed past her. She stood before them 6tately and Bcornful, a very queen among women, and little by little the majesty of her presence and the greatness of her courage hushed them to silence. When there was quiet at length, she spoke in a clear voice that carried far. ' Am I among my own people of the Otomie ? ' she asked bitterly, ' or have we lost our path and wandered perchance among some savage Tlascalan tribe? L;sten, people of the Otomie. I have bat one voice, and none can reason with a multi tude. Choose you a tongue to speak for you, and let him set out the desire of your hearts.' Now the tumult began again, for some shouted one name and some another ; but, in the end, a priest and noble named Maxtla stepped forward, a man of great power among the Otomie, who, above all, had favoured an alliance with the Spaniards and opposed the pending of an army to H;' aid Guatemoc in the defence of Tenoctitlan. Nor H| (Continued on page 812.) H| did he come alone, for with him were four chiefs, whom by their dress X knew to bs Tlaeoalans and envoys from Oortes. Then my heart rank, for it was not difficult to guess the object of their com* ing. 'Speakon, Maxtla,' saidOtomie, 'forwemust hear what there is for us to answer, and you, people of the Otomie, I pray you keep silence, that you may judge between us when there is an end of talking.' Now a great silence fell upon the multitude, who pressed together like sheep in a pen, and strained their ears to catch the words of Maxtla. ' My speech with you, Princess, and the Teule, your outlawed husband, shall be short and sharp,' he began roughly. -'A while hence you ..came hither to seek an army to aid Cuitlahua, Emperor of the Aztecs, in his struggle with the Teules, the sons of Quetzal. That army was given yon, against the wishes of many of us, for you won over the council by the honey of ycut words, and * we who urged caution, or even an alliance with the white men, the children of God, were overruled. You went hence, and twenty thousand men, the flower of our people, followed you to Tenoctitlan. Where are they now ? I will tell you. Some two hundred of them have crept back home, the rest fly to and fro through the air in the gizzards of the zaphilotes, or crouch on the earth in the bellies . of jackals. Death has them all, and you led them to their deaths. Is it then much that we should seek the lives of you two in payment for those of twenty thousand of our sons, our husbands, and our fathers ? But we do not even ask this.' Here beside me stand ambassadors from Malinche, the captain of the Teules, who reached our city but an hour ago. This is the demand that they bring from Malinche, and in his own words : ' ' Deliver back to me Otomie, the daughter of Montezuma, and the renegade, h^r paramour, who is known as Teule, and who has fled from the justice due to his crimes, and it shall be well with you, people of the Otomie. Hide them, or refuse to deliver them, and the fate of the City of Pines shall be as the fate of Tenoctitlan, Queen of the Valley. Choose, then, between my love and my wrath, people of the Otomie. If you obey, the past shall be forgiven and my yoke will be light upon you ; if _you refuse, your city shall be stomped flat, and your very name wiped out of the records of the world.' ' Say, messengers of Malinche, are not these the words of Malinche ? ' 'They are his very words, Maxtla,' said the spokesman of the embassy. Now again there was a tumult among the people, and voices cried, 'Give them up, give them to Malinche as a peace- offering.' Otomie stood for ward to speak, and it died away, for all desired to hear her words. Then she spoke : ' It seems, people of the Otomie, that I am on my trial before my own vassals, and my husband with me. Well, I will plead our cause as well as woman may, and, having the power, you shall judge, between us and Maxtla and his allies, Malinche and the Tlasc ilans. What is our offence ? It is that we came hither by.the command of Cuitlahua to seek your aid in bis war with the Teules. What did I tell you then P I told you that, if the people of .'. Anahuac would hot stand together againbt the white men, they must be broken one by one like the sticks of an unbound faggot, and cast into the flames. Did I speak lies? Nay, I spoke truth; for, through the treason of her tribes, and chiefly through the treason of the TJascalans, Anahuac is fallen, and Tenoctitlan is a ruin sown with dead like a field with corn.' 'It is true,' cried a voice. 'Yes, people of the Otomie, it is true; but I say that, had all the warriors of the nations of Anahuac played the part- that your sons played, the tale had run otherwise. They are dead, and because of their death you would deliver us to our foes and yours : but I for one do not mourn them, though among then* number are many of my km. Nay, be not wroth, but listen. It is better that they should lie dead in honour, haying earned for themselyes a wreath of fame and an immortal dwelling in the Houses of. the Sun, than that they should live to be slaves, which, -it seems, is your desire, people of the Otomie. There is no false word in what I said to you. Now the sticks that Malinche has used to beat out the brains of Goatemoc shall be broken and burnt' to cook the pots of the Teules. Already these false children are his slaves. Have you not heard his com mand that the tribes, hi* allies, shall labour in the quarries and the streets till the glorious city which he has burned rites afresh upon the face of the waters ? Will you not hasten to take your share in the work, people of the Otomie : - the work lhat knows no rest and no reward except the lash of the overseer and the curse of the Teule P Surely you will hasten, people of the mountains ! Your hands are shaped to the tpadeand the trowel, not to the bow and the spear, and it will be sweeter to toil to do.the will and- swell the wealth of Malinche in the sun of the valley or the shadow of the mine than to bide here free upon your hills, where as yet no foe has set hia foot ! ' Again she paused, and a murmur of doubt and Unrest went through the thousands who listened. Maxtla stepped forward and would have .spoken, But the people shouted him down, crying' ' Otomie J Otomie I Let us hear the words of OfconuV' 'I thank you, my people,' she said, 'for I have still much to tell you. Oar crime is, then, that we drew an army after us to fight against these Teules. And how did we draw this army P Did I command you to muster your array? : Nay, I set out. my~ case, and I said; 'Now choose.' . You chose, and of your own free will you des patehed those glorious companies that now are dead.' My crime is, therefore, that you* chose wrongly, as you say, but, as I still hold, .most , rightly; and, because of this crime, I and my husband are to be given as a, peace-offering to the ? Teules. Listen: let me tell you something of those wars in which we have fought before you give us to the Teules and our mouths are silent . for ever. Where shall I begin P I know not.: Stay, I bore a child— had he lived, he would have been, your prince to-day. That child I saw starve to death before my eyes, inch by inch, and day by day I saw him starve. But it is nothing. Who am I that I should complain because I have lost toy son,- when ed many of your sons are dead and their blood is required at my hands ? Listen again.' . And she went on to tell, in burning words, of the horrors of the siege, of the cruelties of the ? Spaniards, and the bravery of the men of the Otomie I had commanded. For a full hour she spoke thus,' while all the vast audience hung upon her word j. Also she told of the part that I played in the struggle, and of the deeds which I ha i dona; -and now and again some solder in the crowd who served under me, and who had escaped the famine and tbe massacre, cried out : ' It is true ; we saw it with our-eyes.' !' ' And so,' she said, ' at last it was finished ; 'at last Tenoctitlan was a ruin, and my cousin, and my King, the glorious Guatemcc, lay a pri- , soner in the hands of Malinche, and with him my husband Teule, my sister, I myself, and many another. Malinche swore that he would treat Guatemoc and his following with all honour. Do you know how he treated him ? Witbina few days Guatemoc, our King, was seated in the chair of torment, while slaves burned him with hot irons to cause him to declare the hiding-place of the treasures of Montezuma ! Aye, you may well cry ' Shame upon him ! ' you shall cry it yet more loudly before I have done ; for you know that Guatemoc did not suffer alone ; one lies there who suffered with him, and spoke no word ; and I also, your Princess, was doomed to torment. We escaped when death was at our door ; for I told my husband that the people of the Otomie had true hearts and would shelter . us in our sorrow, and for his sake I, Otomie, disguised myself in the robe of a wanton and fled with him hither. Could I have known what I should live to see and hear, could I have dreamed that you would receive us thus, I had died a hundred deaths before I came to stand and plead for pity at your hands. ' O my people, my people ' I beseech you, make no terms with the false Teule, but remain bold and free. Your necks are' not fitted to the yoke of the slave ; your sons and daughters are of too high a blood to serve the foreigner in his needs and pleasures. Defy Malinche. Some of our race are dead, but many thousands remain. Here in your mountain nest you can beat back every Teule in Anahuac as in bygone years the false Tlascalans beat back the Aztecs. Then the Tlascalans were free ; now they are a race of serfs. Say. will you share their serfdom ? My people, think not that I plead for myf elf, or even for the husband who is more dear tome than aught save honour. Do you indeed dream that we will suffer you to hand us living to these dogs of Tlascalans, whom Malinche insults you by sending as his messengers P Look,' and she walked to where the spear that had been hurled at her lay upon th« pavement and lifted it. ' here is a- means of death that some friend has sent us ; and if you will not listen to my plead ing you shall see it used before your eyes. Then, if you will, you may send our bodies to Malinche ? as a peace-offering. But, for your own sakep, I plead with you. Defy Malinche ; and, if you must die at last, die as free men and not as slaves of the Teule. Behold now his tender mercies, and see tbe lot that shall be yours if you take another counsel, the connsel of Maxtla.' , And, coming to the litter on which I lay, swiftly Otomie rent my robes from me, leaving me almost naked to the waitt, and unwound the bandages from my wounded limb ; then lifted me up so that I rested, upon my sound foot. ' Look ! ' she cried in a- piercing voice, and pointing to the scars and unhealed wounds upon my face and leg ; ' lookon the work of the Teule and the Tlaecalan ; see how the foe is dealt with who surrenders to them. Yield if you will, desert us if you will, but I say that then your own bodies shall be marked in like fashion, till not an ounce of gold is left that can minister to the greed of the Teule, or a man or a maiden who can labour to satisfy his indolence.' Then she ceased, and letting me sink gently to the ground, for I could not stand alone, she stood over me, the spear in her hand, as though waiting to plunge it to my heart should the people still demand our surrender to the messengers of Cortes. For one instant there was silence ; then of a sudden the clamour and the tumult broke out again ten times more furiously than at first. But it was no longer aimed at us. Otomie had con quered. Her noble worde, her beauty, the tale of our sorrows and the sight of my torments, had done their work, and the heart of the people was filled with fury against the Teules who had destroyed their army and the Tlascalans that bad aided them. Never did the wit and eloquence of a woman cause a swifter change. They screamed and tore their robes and shook their weapons in the air. Maxtla etrove to speak, but they pulled him down, and presently he was flying for his life. Then they turned upon the Tlascalan envoys and beat them with sticks, crying : ' This is our answer to Malinche. Run, you dogs, and take it !' till they were driven from the town. Now, atlenglh, the turmoil ceased, and Fome o? the great chiefs came forward and, kissing the hand of Otomie, said : ; ' Princesp, we your children will guard you to the death, for you have put another heart into us. You are right ; it is better to die free than to live as slaves.' ' See, my husband,' said Otomie, ' I was not mistaken when I told you that my people were loyal an-? true. But now we must make ready for war, for they have gone tod.fsr to turn back, and when these tidings come tt the ears of Malinche he will be like a puma t ibbefl of her young. Now let us rest, lam very weary .V :. r ' Otomie,'' I answered, 'there;. has lived no greater woman than. you upon this earth .' ?' I cannot tell, husband,' f-be* f aid, smiling1. ' If I have won your praise and safety, it is enough for me/1 Chaptes XXXII.— THE END OF GUA TEMOC. Now for a while we dwelt in quiet at the City of' Pines ; and by slow degrees, and with much suffering, I recovered from the wounds that the cruel hand of De Garcia had inflicted upon me. But we knew that this peace could not last, and . the people of the Otomie knew it also, for had they not scourged the envoys of Malinche out of die gates of their city P Many of them were now sorry that this had ..been done; but it was done, and they must reap as they had sown. So they made ready for war, and Otomie was the president of their councils, in which I shared. At length came news that a force of fifty Spaniards with five thousand Tlaecalan allies were advancing on the city to destroy up. Then I took command of the tribesmen of the Otomie— there were ten thousand or more of them, all well armed after, their own fashiotf — and advanced out of the city till I was two-thirds of the way down the porge which leads to it. . But I did not bring all my army down this gorge, since there was no room for them to fight there, and I had another plan. I sent some seven thousand men round the moun tains, of which the secret paths were well known to them, bidding them chmb to the. crest of the precipices that bordered either side of the gorge ; and there, at certain places where the cliff is sheer and more than 1000 feet in height, to make a great provision of stones. , ? The rest of iny army, excepting1 five hundred whom I kept with me, I armed with bows and throwing- spears, and stationed them in ambush in 'convenient places, where the sides of the cliff were broken, and in such fashion that rocks from above could not be rolled on. them. Then I sent trusty men as spies, to warn me of the approach of the Spaniards, and others whose mission it was to offer themselves to them as guides. Now I thought my plan good, and everything looked well, and yet it missed failure but by a very little. For Maxtla, our enemy, and the friend of the Spaniards, was in my camp — indeed, I had. brought him with me that I might watch him — and he had not been idle. For when the Spaniards were half a day's march from the mouth of the defile, one of those men whom I had told off to watch their advance came to. me and made it known that Maxtla had bribed him to go to the leader of the Spaniards and disclose to him the ambuscade. The man had taken the bribe, and started on his errand' of .treachery,. but his heart failed him ; and, return ing, he told me all. Then I caused Maxtla to be seized, and before nightfall he had paid the price of his wickedness. ; On the morning after his death the Sj-anish array entered the pass. Halfway down it I met them with my five hundred men, 'and engaged them, but suffered them to drive us back with some loss. As they followed they grew bolder, and we fled faster, till at length we flew down the defile, followed by the Sparushhorse. Now, some three furlongs from its mouth that leads to the City of Pines this pae6 turns and narrows, and here the cliffs are so sheer and high that a twilight reigns at the foot of them. Down the narrow way we ran in seeming rout, and after us came the Spaniards shouting on their «aints and flushed with victory. - But scarcely had we .turned the corner when they sang another song:, for those who were watching a thous and feet above us gave the signal, and down from on high came a rain of stones and boulders that darkened the air and crashed among them, crushing many of them. On they struggled, seeing a wider way in front where the cliffs eloped, and perhaps half of them won through. But here the archers were waiting ; and now, in the place o.f stones, arrows were hailed upon them, till at length, utterly be wildered and unable to strike a blow in their own defence, they turned to fly towards the open country. This finished the fight, for now we assailed their flank, and once more the rocks thundered on them from above, and the end of it was that those who remained of the Sf aniards and their Indian allies were driven in utter rout back to the plain beyond the Pass of Pinee. After this battle the Spaniards troubled us no more for many years except by threats, and my name grew great among the people of the Otomie. One Spaniard I rescued from death, and after wards I gave hiri his liberty. From him I inquired of the doings of De Garcia or Sarceda, and learned that he was still in the service of Cortes, but that Marina had been true to her word, and had brought disgrace upon him because he had . threatened to put Otomie to the torture. More over, Cortes was angry with him beoause of our escape, the burden of which Marina had laid upon his shoulders, hinting that he had taken a bribe to suffer us to pass the gate. Of the fourteen years of my life which followed the defeat of the Spaniards I can speak briefly, for, compared to the time that had gone before, they were years of quiet. In them children were born to me and Otomie*— three sons ; and these children were my great joy, for I loved them dearly, and they loved me. Indeed, except for the strain of their mother's blood, they were English boys, and not Indian, for I christened them all, and taught them our English tongue and faith ; and their mien and eyes were more English than Indian, though their skins were dark. But I had no luck with these dear children of mine, anymore than I have had with that which Lily bore me. Two of them died — one from a fever that all my skill would not avail to cure, and another by a fall from a lofty cedar tree, which he climbed searching for a kite's nest. Thus, of the three of them — since I do not speak now of that infant, my first-born, who perished in tbe eiege— there remained to me only ihe eldest and best beloved,- of whom I must tell here after. For the rest, jointly with Otomie, I was named cacique of the City of Pines at a great council that was held after I had destroyed the Spaniards and their allies, and as such we had wide though not absolute power. By the exercise of this power, in the end I succeeded in abolishing the horrible rites of human sacrifice ; though, because of this, a large number of the outlying tribes fell away from our rule, and the enmity of the priests was ex cited against me. The last sacrifice, except one, only the most terrible of them all, of which I will tell afterwards, that was ever celebrated on the teocalli in front of the palace took place after the defeat of the Spaniards in the pass. . When 1 had dwelt three years in the City of Pines, and two sons had -been born to me there, fecret messengers arrived that were sent by the friends of Guatemoc, who had survived the torture, and was still a prisoner in the hands of Cortes. From these messengers we learned that Cortes was about to start upon an expedition to the Golf of Honduras, across the country that is now known as Yucatan, taking Guatemoc and the Aztec nobles with him, for he feared to leave them be hind. We also heard that there was much murmuring among the conquered tribes of Ana huac because of the cruelties and extortions of the Spaniards, and many thought that the hour had come when a rising against them might be carried to a successful- issue. . . This was 'the prayer of those who sent the envoys : That I should raise a force of Otomies and travel with it across the country to Yucatan, and there, with .others who would be gathered, wait a favourable opportunity to throw myself upon the Spaniards when they .were entangled in the forests and swamp, putting them to the sword and releasing Guatemoc. Such was the first pur pose of the plot, though it had many others cf which it is useless'to speak, seeing that they came to nothing. When the message had been delivered I shook my head sadly, for I could see no hope in such a scheme ; but the chief of the messengers rose and led me aside, saying that he had a word for my ear. - 'Guatemoc sends these words,' he said: ''I ear that you, my brother, are free and safe, with my cousin Otomie, in the mountains of the Otomie. I, alas! linger in the prisons of the Tenles like a crippled eagle in a, cage. My brother, if it is in your power to help me do so, I conjure you bythe memory of. our ancient friendship and of all that we have suffered together. Then a time may still come when I sha'l rule again in Anahuac, and you shall Bit at my side.' ' I heard, and my heart was stirred ; for then, as to this hour, I loved Guatemoc as a brother. ' Go back,' I said, ' and find means to t 11 Guatemoc that if I can save him I will, though I have small hopes that way. Still, let him look for me in the forests of Yucatan.' Now, when Ohomie heard of this promise of mine, she was vexed ; for she said it was foolish, and would only -Stel in my losing my life. Still, having given it, she held with me that it must be carried out, and the end of it was that I raised five hundred men, and with them set out upon my long and toilsome march, which. I timed so as to meet Cortes in the passes of Yucatan; - At the last moment Otomie wished to accompany me, but I forbade it, pointing out that she could leave neither her children nor her people, and we parted with bitter grief for the first time. Of all the hardships that I underwent I will not write. For two and a half months we struggled on across mountains, and rivers, and through swamps and forests, till at last we reached a mighty deserted city, that is called Palenque by the Indians of those parts, which has been unin habited for many generations. This city is tho most marvellous place that I have seen in all my travels, though much of it is hidden in bush ; for, wherever the traveller wanders, there he finds vast palaces of marble, carven within and without, and sculptured teocallis and the huge images of grinning gods. Often have I wondered, what nation was strong enough to build such a capital, and who were the kings that dwelt in it. But these are secrets belonging to the past, and they cannot be answered till some learned man has found the key to the stone symbols and writings with which the walls of the buildings are covered j over. ^ | In this city I hid with my men, though it was i no easy task to persuade them to take up their habitation among so many ghosts of the departed, not to speak of the noisome fevers and the wild | beasts and snakes that haunted it ; for I had in- j formation that the Spaniards would pass through the swamp that lies between the ruins and tbe river, and there I hoped to ambush them. But on the eighth day of my hiding I learned from spies I that Cortes had crossed the great river higher up, I and was cutting his way through the forest, for of swamps he had passed more than enough . So I hurried also to the river, intending to cross it. But all that day and all that night it rained as it can rain nowhere else in the world lhat I have seen, till at last we waded on our road kneedeep in water ; and when we came to the ford of the river it .was to find a wide roaring flood, that no j man could pass in anything less frail than a ] Yarmouth herring-boat. So there on the bank we j must Btay in misery, suffering many ills from I fever, lack of food, and plenitude of water, till at I length the stream ran down. I Three days and nights we waited there, and on I the fourth morning I made shift to cross, losing I four men by drowning in the pa°sage. Once over 1 hid my force in the bush and reeds, and crept forward with six men only, to see if I could dis cover anything of. the whereabout of the Spaniards. Within an hour I struck the trail that they had cut through the forest, and followed it cautiously. Presently we came to a spot where the forest was thin, and. here Cortes had camped, for there was heat left in the ashes of his fires, and among them lay the body of an Indian who had died from sick ness. Not fifty yards from this camp stood a huge ceiba, a tree that has a habit of growth not unlike that of our English oak, though it is soft J wooded and white barked, and will increase more I in bulk in twenty years than any oak may in a I hundred. Indeed, I never yet saw an oak tree so I large as this ceiba of which I write, either in girth I or in its spread of top, unless it be the Kirby oak I or the tree that is called the ' King of Scoto '' I which grows at Broome, that is the next parish to I this of Ditching-ham in Norfolk. On this ceiba I tree many zaphilotes, or vultures, wire perched, I and as we crept towards it I saw what it was they I came to seek, for from the lowest branches of the I ceiba three corpses swung in the breeze. 1 'Here are the Spaniards' footprints,' I said. I ' Let us look at them,' and we passed beneath the I shadowof the tree. I As I came, a zaphilote alighted on the head of 1 the body that hung nearest to me, and its weight, I or the wafting of the fowl's wing, earned the dead I man to turn round so that he came face to face 1 with me. I looked, started back, and then looked 1 again and sank to the earth groaning. For h(-re 1 was he whom I had come to seek and save, my I friend, my brother, Guatemoo, the last Emppror -f I Anahuac. Here he hung in the dim and desolate 1 forest, dead by the death of a thief, while the 1 vulture shrieked upon his head. I sat bewildered I and horror-stricken, and as I sat I remembered I the ]proud sign of Aztec royalty — a bird of x-rey I clasping* an adder in its claw. There before me I was the last of the stock, and behold ! a bird of I prey gripped his hair in its talons, a fitting emblem ? indeed of the fall of Anahuac and the King of I Anahuac. I I sprang to my feet with an oath, and, lifting I the bow I held, I sent an arrow through the vul- I ture, and it fell to. the earth fluttering and scream - I ing. Then I bade those with me cut down the I corpses of Guatemoc, and of the Prince of Tacuba, ? and another noble who hung with him, and ? hollow a deep grave beneath the tree. There 1 9 laid them, and there Heft them to sleep for ever in ? its melancholy shadow, and thus, for the last time, fl I saw Guatemoc, my brother, whom I came from ? far to save, and found made ready for burial by ? the Spaniards. ? Then I turned my face homewards, for now ? Anahuac had no king to rescue ; but it chanced 9 that before I went I caught a Tlascalan who 9 could speak Spanish, and who had deserted from ? the army of Cortes because of/ the hardships that '? he suffered in their toilsome march. This man 9 was present at the murder of Guatemoc and his fl companionp, and heard the Emperor's last word*. ? It seems that some knave had betrayed to Corks I that an attempt would be mede to rescue the ? prince, and that thereupon Cortes commanded ? ih-dt he be hunp. It seems also that Guatemoc ? met his death as he had met the misfortunes of ? his life, proudly and without fear^ These were ? his hist words : ? ?'? I did ill, Malinche, when I held my hand from ? taking my own life before I surrendered myself to ? you. Then my heart told me that all your pro- ? mises were false, and it-lias not lied to-me. I ? welcome my death, for I have lived toknowifchame and defeat and torture, and to see my -people the slaves of the Teules ; but still I say that God will reward you for this deed.' Then they murdered him in the midst of a great silence. And so farewell to Grnatemoc, the most brave, the best and the noblest Indian that ever breathed, and may the shadow of his tormentings and shame ful end He deep upon the fame of Cortes for so long as the names of both of them are rendered among men! For two more months I journeyed homewards, and at length I reached the City of Pines, well though wearied, and having lost only 40 men by misadventures of travel, to find Otomie in good health, and overjoyed to know me safe whom she thought never to see again. But when I told her what was the end of her cousin Guatemoc she grieved bitterly, both for bis sake and because the last hope of the Aztecs was gone, and ehe would not be comforted for many day?. ( To be continued.') 