Poetry. The Army of Despair. [It is estimated that in London there aro now 100,000 without a homo or food.] 'Tis Btrange in the heart of England, in tho city of wealth untold, Where tho markets are crammed with produce and the banks are filled with gold; In tho land of the brave and the noble whose ships are on every sea, That a hundred thousand homeless and starring there should be. Toung and old men, women, and children, a hundred thousand BOUIS, With thoir rags and haggard faces, like an army of ghosts or ghouls: ' Tlicy tramp through tho vaBt rich city, in a hopelcsB aimless way, Night comos without restor comfort, no work and no food with day. There are men who would fain be honest, T and labor for bread to eat, ' But wretched, despairing, hungry, they pace T through tho dreary street; They gaze at marbled palace, they halt at the O rich man's gate, And groan with an envious anguish, or with an envious hate. There are wives and mothers and sisters, once modest, and oftiines fair, Their womanhood bluntod, tlieir lives blighted, Faith, hope, and geutle affection crushed out by their misery, Their chance—the way of the harlot, or tho sullen river maybe. There children who know no childhood, who, e'en in their infant time, Are shadowed by those grim spectres—chill poverty, vice, und crime; No home, no childish pleasure, wliat wonder if each sad life— Should spring from the seed thus planted, a harvest of sin and strife. And yet in the same great city, there aro many who daily dine, On delicate costly' viands, and drink of the richest wine; WhoBe very dogs in thoir kennels, are pam-. percd, and housed, ind fed, While the streets hold starving thousands with never a cruBt of bread. The court midst gorgeous palace, the nobles in brave array, Exult on tho growth of empire and talk of a wider sway; They study cach foreign rumor, debating in lightest mood, All deaf to the cry that rises from citizens wanting food. Oh, England, is this an answer to poet and statesman's dreams ? For this havo tho common people in thy battles shed blood in streams ? When—when did thy "laboring classes," 'neath thine or a foreign sky— Do aught to disgrace thy glory, that now in thy streets they die ? Strange, strange in the heart of England, in the city of wealth untold, That homeless and hopeless thousands should starve in the winter cold; In tho land of the brave and tlio noble, whoso sliips are on every sea, They starve—men, women anil chiUrca—O, God ! should these things be ? T h t f f F C —ABTHUB DATIB, in Commouaeal. 