PAID IN FULL. CHAPTER IX. It was an anxious little group that were gathered together in Lady Monteith's library at half-past four on the twenty third of ApriL Lady Monteith and Marion were there, and also Mr. Hum phrey Marchmont; but it was arranged that Marion should leave them after she had fulfilled what might be considered her duty and greeted her father. As the time for Herbert Ferrol's dreaded arrival approached, a heavy silence descended upon the three, which was broken at length by the lawyer's drawing his watch from his pocket. ' He is late,' he said ; . it is a quarter to five.' The colour flushed into Marion's pale cheeks and the light of hope appeared in her eyes. ' Perhaps he will not come!! she cried. 'Auntie, I. told you he was only trying to punish us.' As she Spoke, a toud double-knock at the door caused the blush to fade from her face, leaving it even paler than it had been before. Running to her aunt, who had risen at the ominous sound, she caught her hand in both of hers, .Yoti will let me know at once,' she sai&,in a whisper-'you will not keep me waiting, dear ? I must write a line to Naples before half-past five!' Lady Monteith nodded, but Hum phrey Marchmond noticed that her very lite,grew white with the effort to control herself. The few moments that elapsed be tween the knock and the announcement of the visitor seemed an eternity to Lady Monteith and her niece; but, when Herbert Ferrol, ushered by the servant, entered the room at last, an in voluntary exclamation ot astonishment broke from both of them. \- At the first moment Marion could not believeher eyes; surely it could not be her lather, this elegant noble-looking man with the closely-cropped fine-shaped head, die aristocratic features, and the pointed Vandyke beard and long silky rabtiBtache I The very colour of his face seemed to have altered, for, instead of a swarthy, weather-worn, dirty-looking complexion, this man's skin was clear aftd only becomingly bronzed. For a minute ahe stared in blank bewilderment, doubting the evidence of her own senses; but, when the cold gray eyes met hers anj) £he saw the cynical smile under thfi Jipavy moustache, she shrank Bway again. ToLady Monteith this metamorphosis was far more bewildering than it was even to Herbert Ferrol's daughter, and her heart «ank as she contrasted the man ?he had described to Humphrey March mont with the dignified person who stood before her, dressed in perfect tote 4rom the sole of his fine-shaped boots to die crown Of his glossy hat, which he carried in well-gloved hands. Glancing jit Humphrey Marchmont, a cold shiver ran through her, for mingled with theinirptise that was plainly to be seen in the lawyer's face was another expression that caused her a thrill of positive dismay. Humphrey Marchmont's wide-open shrewd hazel eyes expressed admiration as well as surprise, and the admiration was the &jqr;£ strongly marked of the two. For a minute Herbert Ferrol stood re garding them all with an amused sin le on t^U face, and then, with a corteous bowto Lady Mcnteith, he took his daughter's hand and, bending his head, pteaied his lips against her forehead. To a stranger the action would have ap pearfelfull of quiet dignity and propriety, and Marion's maqner of receiving her handsome father's caress might well have seemed ungracious; but in reality the iron grip of the gloved fingers and the icy-cold lips would have excused even a greater appearance of shrinking dread. Rdeasihg Marion, Herbert Ferrol ad vanced to his sister-in-law and held out his hand, saying cordially ' I am afraid I have taken you all at a disadvantage. Alice, you look as if a ghost had suddenly appeared; surely you were expecting me? I did not answer your note, Marchmont,' he con tinued, giving his hand to the lawyer, 'because I felt sure you would count upon my presence; but I would have sent a telegram if I had had any idea that my coming would have had such an effect.' 'We are naturally surprised,' Lady Monteith stammered, very ill at .ease. 'At the first moment we did not know you.' 'Ah,' Ferrol replied, with a light laugh, which jarred upon his daughter's excited brain like a false note in music, 'that shows how far the tailor makes the nan I I am afraid, Alice, neither you nor my Marion here is a follower of staunch old Robert Burns-' A man's a manfora'that'-eh? To tell you the truth, Marchmont, Iwas soanxiousto see mylittle daughter yesterday that I did not wait to unpack my trunk before calling upon her. One gets a little careless of one's Appearance in the West, you know, and, upon my soul, I was so excited at the idea of seeing the child and so full of wonder as to what she would look like that I never thought of myself! Aha, 1 can see you smile,Humphrey Marchmont! You knew me when I thought a Rood coat and a good hat were very essential to a man's happiness; but, thank Heaven, I am wiser in that respect and in others, I hope, since I left England seventeen years ago !' His voice sank almost to a whisper, the brilliant long-lashed eyes were lowered, and the whole aspect of the man betokened a sincere but unavail ing regret. Lady Monteith's blood began to run cold in her veins. Humphrey Marchmont had saidthat Herbert Ferrol's disreputable forbiding appearance and manner would be the strongest argument in their favour supposing the case shoulJ come for trial, and, looking at him now as he stood with hent head and sorrowful face, she could easily imagine that no one except those familiar with his subtle crafty nature would question tho genuine ness of his regret for the past. With a sinking heart she laid her hand on Marion's arm. ' You will excuse your daughtor from being present at our interview, Mr. Ferrol ?' she said. He raised his strongly-marked eye brows as if in momentary irritation, but his voice was very gentle, if a little grieved, as he replied ' Certainly, if you and she desire it I am sorry however that my daughter should wish to avoid me. I have nothing to say that she should not hear ; nor have you, I imagine.' Humphrey Marchmont looked up quickly, and Lady Monteith, when she saw the puzzled anxious expression on his face, fell as one standing on the brink of a precipice with the ground giving way beneath her feet. Marion needed no second bidding; with a whispered "Don't forget my letter, dear; come to me as soon as you possibly can,' and without another glance at het father,, she hurriedly left the room. Even Humphrey Marchmont, pre judiced as he was against the man, could not withhold his sympathy when Herbert Ferrol said, with so genuine an air of distress and anger that Lady Monteith started in astonishment ' You are to blame, Alice. In the old days I acted recklessly and badly, I admit; but, after all, at twanty-eight years of age a mau need not be con sidered hopelessly unregenerate. I was but twenty-eight when you practically banished me from the country. Well, I was willing to do as you wished, as you took my little child only on that con dition, and I felt that the girl would be better with you than she could be with me; but it never entered into my wildest imaginings that'you would bring her up to distrust and hate me.1 ' I did not do that,' Lady Monteith faltered. < No- you did worse; you let her think me dead. Well, it was not gener ous ; but the past is passed, and I at any rate do not wish to be hard. The present is another, thing. Why are you poisoning my daughter's mind against me now?' Lady Monteith gazed at him in utter bewilderment. Could it be possible that he was speaking in serious earnest ? 'I don't understand you,' she stam mered; 'you must know that your manner and appearance yesterday were calculated to repulse your daughter.' Herbert Ferrol interrupted her with an impatieqt wave of the hand. * My appearance yesterday I have accounted for; and it seems strange to me that a daughter should shrink from her father simply because he has not been to the barber for a month. You have treated me unfairly altogether, and I consider that I deserved a little grati tude at your hands.' ' Gratitude V Lidy Monteith exclaimed 'Yes, gratitude. For three or four years past I should have been glad to have Marion with me, but, until { abso lutely required her in my home, I waived my right in consideration for your feel ings.' * One minute, Mr. Ferrol,' Humphrey Marchtoont interposed. ' Was it not an arrangement between you and Lady Monteith that you relinquished your rights in your daughter to her?' Very courteously Herbert Ferrol re plied 'Certainly. While she was a child and during the period of her education I undertook to leave her absolutely to her aunt, because I felt that I could do my duty by my daughter better in that way. But, my dear sir, I need hardly point out to you that a verbal promise given at a time when I was overwhelmed with grief at the death of my ' wife could not be considered binding in a matter like the present one.' Considerably nonplused, for it was im possible. to deny the justice of Ferrol's remark, Humphrey Marchmont con sidered a moment, and then said, with some hesitation ' Mr. Ferrol, I am aware that Lady Monteith made some very ill-judged remarks to you yesterday on the subject of money, and I am sure she is as sorry now for what she said then as I am.' .You need not make any excuse for my sister-in-law,' Herbert Ferrol replied, with perfect good humour ; ' a gentleman should never remember a lady's angry words.' 'Well, then,' continued Marchmont, * I am not prepared at this moment to give any opinion as to whether in a court of justice you could establish your right of authority over your daughter for the ] next two years-that is to say until she is twenty-one ' ' There is no doubt about it, my dear i sir,' the other interrupted gently. ' There is considerable doubt,' the lawyer responded more warmly ; ' but let us leave that question for a moment and come to another.' ' By all means,' Herbert Ferrol replied calmly. Thoroughly ill at ease-for Ferrol's dignified composure appeared to put him completely in the wrong-the lawyer proceeded with a somewhat heightened colour. 1 If I understand you rightly, Mr. ! Fcrrol, the comfort of your home suffers for want of a proper supervisor ?' ' Put it that way if you wish,' Fcrrol replied quietly; though, if you said thai my home was very lonely and sad and that I needed a companion badly, you would describe the situation better.' With the flush deepening on hischccks -for, although his instincts taught him to distrust his handsome adversary, it seemed a very graceless coarse thing that he was about to propose-Hum phrey Marchmont went on ' Mr. Ferrol, your daughter is not fitted either by education or physiqe to manage such a household as yours.' ' I am willing to run the risk of that,' was the quiet reply. Even the lawyer's heart began to thump against his ribs; tlw man's im perturbable coolness rendered it a terribly difficult business. ' But you must remember,' March mont continued, ' that there is another risk- the risk of taking a delicately nurtured fragile girl to a severe climate and a comparatively rough manner of living.' Ferrol turned to Lady Monlcith. 1 Is Marion in bad health ?' he asked abruptly. For a minute Lady Monteith hesi tated ; she would have given the world at that moment to be ahle to answer truthfully that she was, but, in spite of her fragile appearance, the girl had never known a day's illness until her recent troubles had for the time upset her. ' She has not been strong lately,' she faltered. Ferrol resumed his easy attitude with a sigh of relief. For a moment he had actually taken into consideration the idea of giving up his revenge and taking Lady Monteith's money, for, if his daughter were, in truth, ailing, it might be a judge would consider that a suffi cient reason for giving the case against him. He read Lady Monteith's hesi tation rightly however. ' I have no fear,' he said quickly; ' the climate is healthy and my farm house is very comfortable. I imagine that a country life will be rather an advantage to Marion so far as health goes.' Clenching his fists in desperation, Humphrey Marchmont came to the point. 1 Mr. Ferrol,' he said curtly,' if I seem wanting in courtesy, I must beg you to excuse me. Whether you can enforce your rights or not I am not sum; but of one thing I am certain, and that is that you will make, your daughter very un happy if you insist upon her leaving the one whom she regards in the light of a mother.' Herbert Fcrrol did not speak, and Marchmont hesitated painfully; it cer tainly was an awkward matter to propose a bribe to a man who, whatever his real character might be, looked and seemed a gentleman from head to foot. ' We know,' he continued, after a pause ' that what we are about to ask of you is a concession.' ' And that is ?' said Ferrol gently. ?That you will give up all idea of taking your daughter out with you to act in the capacity of housekeeper, and that you will allow Lady Monteith to-supply the means of providing some one to occupy the same position.' Herbert Ferrol remained silent for a minute, and Lady Monteith's heart began to beat high with hope; but, when he raised his eyes and looked her in the face, she could not repress a start, so deadly was the malice that glittered in them. ' I might have taken your offer into consideration a week ago,' he said slowly -' for, although my circumstances have improved considerably, I am not over burdened with money-but within the last two days a rumour has come to my ears which makes all the difference to me. The rumour may however be false ; that I must ascertain from you, Alice. Tell me, please, is there any idea of Marion's becoming an opcratic singer ?' ' In case I should not live to see her married, it might become a necessity,' was the faltering reply. ' You will not be able to provide for Marion's future then ?' ' I fear not-my income is not what it was; but it is a comfort to nu to know that, with her voice and talent, she could always earn a good living were I no longer with her ?' 'As an operatic singer?'-'As a singer-yes.' With a start, Herbert Ferrol rose from his seat, and his voice shook with sup pressed passion. (Tobe Continued.) 