PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. Harvest thanksgiving services were .held throughout yesterday in the Primitive Methodist Church, Frederick-street. The church wastastefollydecorated with sheave? of grain, fruit, vegetables, and lowers, and the congregations were large. At the morning service the sermon was preached by the Rev. J, G. Wright, pastor of who based a very practioal discourse upon Ecclesiastics ix., 7 to 10 inclusive. The preacher remarked that while men had a perfect right to bring into the house of God samples of the produce which had been reaped by them through His providence, and by doing so were making a laudable exhibi tion of thankfulness, a far more commendable offering to the Lord was what Matthew Henry had quaintly termed -c thanks-living.' The Book of Ecclesiaetos was, he said, a puzzling book for many who had not dis covered the motives and aims of the writer, but it was a mistake to go to tbe writings of that wise ana withal foolish man to pick out a verse here and there with a view to cavil at the whole. In looking around, people were apt to be puczled at the ap parently unequal distribution of this worltrs goods, but he would point out that man had not seen fit to so distribute bis gifts as that men could say, ' This is a good man' or ' That is an evil man.' At the same time he might point out in, reference to tbe cultiva tion of the soil, that a man might pray as much as- he would, but unless ho complied with nature's laws his petitions would remain unanswered. In the chapter preceding that from which the text was taken the advice Of Solomon was shortly, ' Do not quarrel with Provi dence because of the many puezks of life,'' and the two principal thoughts 'Contained in the test itself were, 'enjoy life,' and 'employ life.' The good things of this life had been provided by the bounty of God for man's enjoyment, and it was no fitting return for the providence of God that man should practise asceticism, and live the life of a recluse. If men would enjoy life they must also employ life. The greatest punish ment that could be inflicted opon a man would be to keep him in solitary confine pation ; and, on the contrary, the greatest ! amount of enjovment could be extracted by the proper employment of one's activities to the desire of God, the purpose of Christ, and tbe aim of the Holy Ghost. Christians should be thorough in all they undertook, and they would then bccome well developed. The sad Christian should ask himself the question, 11 What am I doing to make Lann ceston happier, holier, and better?' In the afternoon the choir rendered a ser , vice of song entitled ' Left alone,' the con 1 nective redding* being read by the Rev. C. . Anthony. There waB a large attendance, 1 , and the music was much enjoyed. 1 The Bev. C. Anthony preached in the i evening from GalatiauB vi., 7 end 8—' Be | I not deceived ; God is not mocked : for what j soever a man sowetb, that shall he also reap,' i ctc» I I A tea in continuation of tbe harvest I thanksgiving services will take place at 6 SO thta evening in the chnrch. At naif-past 7 a I public meeting will be held, when addresses will be delivered by the Revs. W. Shaw, J. G. Wright, D. S. Brunton, J. T. PithouBe, j und 0. Anthony. TUe decorations which were displayed yesterday will remain for tbe : ocrasion ; the choir will contribute music, and the well known ability of tbe speakers should induce a large attendance. The pro ceeds will be devoted to the circuit fund. j 