MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. A numerous audience assembled last evening at the Mechanics' Institute, and the elocutionary and musicia entertain ment given was enjoo-ed throughout. The performance was in aid of the funds of the institute, and will be followed by others of a varied character during the winter season. The musical sel!ctions were much appreciated. Miss Frost played two piano forte solos with her customary technical finish and expression, and the second piece pleased the audience so much that an encore was asked for and another selection given in response thereto. Mesdames Jae. Barclay and J. G. Sherwin sang the duet "The happy hunters," with effect, and Mrs Barclay gave Gay's sweet song "I am dreaming." Mr Fred. Ferguson was in good voice, and his rendition of Schubert's " Wanderer" was a characteristic effort. Being encored he sang a semi-humorous song, which was heartily applauded, the audience being well pleased with both the piece and the manner in which it was given. He also filled a vacancy in the programme caused by the indisposition of one of the ladies, and sang Schubert's " Serenade," this effort also being a pleasing one. Considerable pains had been taken to place before the public a creditable elocutionary performance, and the selections chosen may he said to have given satisfaction.The quarrel scene between Brutus and Cassius was given by Messrs A. J. Hawkins and C. Galvin, who therein gave evidence of an earnest desire to do well. Mr Oscar Balfe gave Jacques's soliloquy from "As you like it," "'The seven ages of man," for which he was cor dially applauded. ý'everal scenes from " Hamlet" and " Macbeth were given. The absence of stage effects and appropriate costume was, of course, a handicap. These adjuncts help considerably towards the success of Shakespearian recitals, but it may be said that the scenes were creditably produced. Mr A. Barrett appeared as "Hamlet" and "Macbeth," and was heard with marked interest. He is a recognised Shakespearian scholar, and in several of the scenes his rendering was accorded well-deserved applause. Mrs Styant-Browne did well as the Queen in " Hamlet" and Lady Macbeth, particularly in the sleep-walking scene in the latter. Mr Oscar Balfe appeared to advantage as the ghost in "Hamlet," and the other characters were creditably pourtrayed as follow: Hamlet-Horatio, Mr A. J. Hawkins; Marcellus, Mr ;. L. Gunn; Bernardo, Mr J. Illingworth. Macbeth- Gentlewoman, Mrs Oscar Balfe; physician, Mr Oscar Balfe; Seyton, Mr F. L. Gunn. Before the last scene Mr A. B. Biggs complimented the ladies and gentlemen who had taken part in the performance, and moved a vote of thanks, which was accorded with cclamation. He gave a list of gentlemen I who will shortly commence a series of lectures at the Mechanics' Institute under t ;he auspices of the Launceston Association )f Trades and Manufactures, and expressed ;he hope that they would be wellattended. 