. THE KILBURN SISTERS. Wo continue to receive numerous letters dealing with the question of the Kilbnrn Sisterhood. Most of them, however, are written at too great length to be given in extenso, a number of our correspondents lulling to recognise, in view of the rapiaiy- growing pressure upon our space, the neces sity of brevity in the expression of their views. We are therefore aide only to give a summary of a number of t he communica tions wo have received 011 this subject, and with this we hope the correspondence will close. The Rev. A. R. Bartlctt denies tlio state ment by Canon Moreton that the Kilburn Sisters have repudiated both the Bishop and his oilice. He states that the Sisters alwuys proceed on the lines adopted on their visit to Sydney. They take up work in a diocese, just as a lady might open a school anywhere. If the Bishop and clergy care to sympathise and -co-operate, well and good; the Sisters are delighted to have their kind words and active sympathy. But, let it bo clearly understood, these Sisters, lie says, do not ask for the Episcopal patronage as the first : step to commencing their work. Mr. Bart- j lett presumes that had no clergyman in ! Sydney taken the slightest notico ot them they would have still worked on, and I10 fails utterly to soe.why they should not do so. Ifo and' others may regret their plan of work, ! but it is their plan, and it is accepted as ; such. In this dioccso there i9 work for I Bethany Deaconesses and Kilburn Sisters, | and it is more than a pity that just because ! some men cannot see eye to eye with the modus operandi of one or the other, they j should try to hinder their work. All this opposition to the Sisters has had to be met in. England 30 years ago. Hero in Church matters, our correspondent says, we tiro a quarter of a century behind the times, As for Btopping the work, that would be at once I unwise and futile. In saying this, ho is not pleading the cause of the "hysterical" writer who commenced this discussion in The Daily Telegraph. He regards her letter as exceedingly rude and very unwise. For his own part, the Primate's words at the synod did not pain nor annoy. He is quite i'ustified in stating his opinions. All Mr. lartlett regrets is that the Primate appears to think that the Sisters came to Sydney at the invitation of some of iiis clergy. He felt this all the more because he formed one of a deputation to hiin from the Factory Girls' Club, asking his sanction to their inviting Sisters from Clewer to take up the work of attempting to raise tlie tone of tho girls in Sydney. While they were conferring, tho Kilburn Sisters made their appearance, and tho synchronism of events was, to say the least, remarkable. But the deputation, he says, bad nothing to do with their advent. They are here, and at work, and he is courageous enough to do all in his power to help thcin, and at the same time he claims to be anything but wanting in loyalty to his bishop. Walter F. Hirst," replying to the letter of " Harry Foran " on this question, says that if the writer had been better informed of the doctrines of the Anglican Church he would not have fallen into the grievous errors which find a place in his communica tion. The Anglican Church, he' points out, teaches.'as laid down in the communion ser vice, that by partaking of the outward visible sign3 at the Sacrament we obtain an inward spiritual grace, but denies that the bread and wine are converted into the body and blood of Christ, which is 011c of tho car dinal doctrines of the Romish Church. " Ignoramus " asks on what grounds the Primate and a large number of Church of England clergymen object to receiving the Kilburn Sisters. Do they object to an asso ciation banded together for the purpose of nursing the sick and helping the poor, or because they hold tho Roman Catholic doc trines of transubstantiation and confession, and bind themselves for life by unbreakable vows,- called by them " marriage vows ? " These questions are asked because a clergy man a short time ago, from the pulpit, placed in the same category the Wcsloyan Sisters in London and the Kilburn Sisters, and in a letter to The Daily Telegraph the same clergyman stated that the brother hood of St. Andrew's and the Kil burn Sisters stand 011 the same foot ing. Our correspondent knows that the Wesleyan sisters, like the deaconesses of the Church of England and tho Brotherhood of St. Andrews, take no vows for life, but are simply Christian workers banded together to nurse tho sick, to help the poor, and to lead erring men and women — not to church, but to the Lord Jesus Christ. If, then, tho first objection be the one urged against the Kil burn Sisters, this clergyman is quite right in classifying all three together ; but if, on the other, band, the objection made is that tho sisters hold and teach Romish doctrines, the placing the three associations side by side is a more sophism, and looks very like an attempt to throw dust in the eyes of the ignorant and unwary. " Pax " deplores the bitterness with which this controversy is being conducted, and re gards the strife as damaging to the best interests of the Church of England. If the Bishop does not want tho Kilburn Sisters in his diocese, surely he lias the right to say so, and to say so openly. On the other hand, if the clergy need holy women to assist them in their aamitteu weakness, surely tlie same privilege may be conceded to them. Tho sisterB are to be commended, and not de cried. There is plenty for them to do in and around Sydney. Who amongst us, our cor respondent asks, would not like to see a Kilburn Brothers' Society formed out of our so-called larrikin overflows! or a Kil bnrn Parliament Society in Maequarie- Btreet! - Mr. Edward J. H. Knapp writes : — In " Worship for the Childron of the Church," published by the Church Extension Associa tion, one of tho many aliases of the above cult, 5 and 6 Paternoster-row, page 26, we have these words : " Form of confession to a priest. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. I confess to God Almighty, tho Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and before the wholu company of Heaven, and to you, my spiritual father (italics are mine) that I have sinned greatly in thought, word, and deed ; by my fault, my own fault, my own grievous fault, especially After you have confessed every sin you can remem ber, my (italics ill tlie book) for these, and all my other sins, I am very sorry, and I humbly ask pardon of God, and of yon. Father (italics are mine), penance, counsel, and absolution." Of transubstantiation and invocation for the dead, on page 30, is tho following proof " The Holy Communion. Before the service begins, kneel doivn in church, and say, O, Sacred Feast ! wherein Christ is received ; the memory of His Passion renewed ; the mind filled with grace ; and a pledge of future glory given unto us. Now Jesus Christ's true Flesh mill Blood Will bo our sacrillcu divine, The same once olfered 011 tlie Cross, Though uudur forms of bread and wine. "We offer, then, tills sacrifice, Tlieo, our Creator, to ' adore ', To ' thank ' Thee for Thy gracious gilts, And 1 praise ' Thy Nemo for evermore. We pray for 'pardon' and for 1 grace,' To change the lives that wo have led, And beg Thee for Thy dear Son's sake, To 'bless' the living and the dead. Amen." (Quotes in tlie book.) On page 32, prayer for the priest, "The Lord accept this holy eacrihce at thy hands, to the relief of our needs, the benefit of tho Holy Church, and to Thy glory. Amen." Page 54, during the prayer of consecration at the words " This is My Body," say Hail, true Body of Jesus ! oflered for mo on the cross ; and at the words " This is My Blood " say, Hail, precious Blood of my Jesus, wash mo and make mo clean. Page 60, As the jtriest comes towards you with the bread of life, Lord, I am not worthy that TKou shouldst come under my roof (of hi3 mouth, I suppose I10 refers to), but speak tho word only and Thy servant shall bo healed. Page 70, On rising from your knees to leaue church bow reverently towards the altar and my, Thanks be to God for His unspeakable ift. (Italics in tho book.) Ere wo leave Thine altar, Lord, Where Thy Son we have adored, \- Let our thanks ngain arise For this lioly sacrifleo. Following this aro other verses of similar im port, not necessary to quote at the cost of your valuable space. But not content with tho spurious teaching in this book, the Church Extension Association publish " A Plain Guide to the Holy Communion," written by the Rev. Christopher Smyth, M.A., Vicar of St. Michael's and All Angels', Bussago, Gloucestershire. This is interpola ted with the Communion service. It is pre ceded with a long imaginary conversation between Jesus and a disciple (too lengthy for your paper), and instruction " How to make a good confession," and hymns of similar import with those I havo given above. But these aro amply sufficient to demonstrate tho pernicious teaching of traitors in tho Church of Eng land, who are aiding and abotting tho intro duction of such false doctrines within her palo, after having solemnly vowed and sub scribed to her articles, tho 28th of which is diametrically opposed to transubstantiation, and tlie 31st clearly states : — " Wherefore tho sacrifices of masses in which it was commonly said that tho priest did offer Christ for the quick and tho dead, to havo remission of pain or guilt were blasphemous fables and dangerous deceits." Worse still, giving- the lie direet to Jesus Christ's own words, " It is finished," making, or endeavor- iug to make them, of none effect by their ' traditions. Harry W. Little writes " In your issue of August 19 a letter appears from Mr. Knapn, which, amongst other matters, con tains Iiis private views on tho doctrine of the Real Presence, and he attoinpts to make your readers believe the Kilburn Sisterhood teach doctrines other than those of the Eng- lish Church. At tlie conclusion of his letter he promises to expose 'greater dangers' in his next. On Wednesday last tho second letter from Mr. Kmtpp appears, and instead of bringing forward the ' greater dangers' us promised he simply repeats Iiis former argument touching the Real Presence. I may mention on August 21 you inserted a letter from myself, in reply to Mr. ICnapp's production, in which I briefly pointed out the touching of the English Church on tho doctrines men tioned. Mr. Knapp has a perfect right to his own views, but it is good on his part to pub licly accuse these holy women of teaching doctrine contrary to the Book of Common Prayer. As Sir. Knapp has promised to give his views on confession and absolution in iiis next letter I shall esteem it a favor if you will kindly permit me to make a few remarks 011 tho same. Happily the Book of Common Prayer is very clear on confession and absolution. At the ordination of priests the Bishop gives to the candidate power to forgive or retain sins. Tlie Church, in her wisdom, provided three forms of absolution, and alio has a special exhortation in which her children who are troubled with sin are invited to open their grief to a discreet minister, and thus obtain the benefit of absolution. Such is the mind of the English Church on confession, and this is the teach ing the good sisters impart to tlie young placed in their charge, Y our correspondent, Mr. Foran, in Wednesday's issue gives the exact wording from the Book of Common Prayer 011 this subject, thus it is not necessary for me to repeat them. Mr. Knapp appears to be very fond of the 39 articles, as he thinks they are in accordance with his views ; but they are silent on confession. Possibly your readers have not had the pleasure of seeing the 'First catechism,' published by the Kilburn Sisterhood. It may be well to make the fol lowing remarks : — ibe catechism in question is substantially tlie same as that ill ' The Book of Common Prayer,' but ill an enlarged form, and it fully explains certain doctrines that might otherwise appear as ambiguous. In my youthful days it was my privilege to have been instructed from the same, and I now have good reason to be thankful in having had the simple doctrines of the Gospel firmly planted in my mind. Certain of your correspondents express a desire for the Kilburn Sisters to deny in the columns of tlie press the charges brought against them in this controvery. It is not usual for members of a sisterhood to employ their valuable time in writing letters to the press, and, if I mistake not, they never read any newspaper, not even the Church Times. 11 Mr. Knapp and those of a like mind will call upon tlio sisters, they may depend upon having a good welcome, and they will only bo too pleased to explain to their visitors their work and what they teacli." Alfred E. Waugb, Church-street, Parra- matta, writes:— "The controversy in your paper regarding the advent of the Kilburn Sisterhood to Sydney is one which still continues to interest and stir tlio various church- going members of tlie community. A cheerful feature of the controversy has been the fair ness with which you have thrown the columns of your paper open to tho free ex pression of opinion, regardless of party or sect. The two letters appearing in your paper of August 30, the one signed by ' John Martin,' tlie other by ' Harry l'oran, are on illustration of this. As a plea for Romanism I have read Mi'. Foran's letter with interest, but, with your kind permission, I will ask space for brief and earnest comment upon some of Mr. Martin's remarks. Mr. Martin eulogises the " outspoken " and " dignified " pronouncement of the Primate upon tlio question. Well, sir, I am one of those who look to the Primate for light and guidance in swell matters as these. I am one of those who havo hitherto believed that tlie office of bishop — the true " episcopus " — was that of tho watchman on the tower. With this in view, I would remind your correspondent, Mr. Martin, that it is not a question as to the generous and noble work done by tho sisters. The question is whether it is right that any person or body of persons whose teachings and methods are diametri cally opposed to tho fundamental teachings of the Reformed Church of England should be recognised as belonging to it. To put the thing in other words, I might ask Mr. Martin, Does lie believe in the Real Presence, as do the Kilburn Sisters, or does lie believe tn Real Abseoce, as does the Primate? Does lie practice auricular confession, as do the sisters ; or does he anathematise it with the Primate ? Does he condemn tlie cultus of tlie Virgin and saints with the Primate, or practice it with the sisters? If these enthusiastic sisters believe tlie entire teachings of Romanism, especially such dogmas as tlie Church of England has ever protested against, then, sir, I maintain that it is the bounden duty of the Primate and men like Mr. Martin to tell them that they will find, not within tlie Anglican, but within the Roman Church, the tit and congenial field for their zeal. Mr. Martin, in his advocacy of the sisters, in vokes the names of Wesley, Newman, Pusoy, and Keble. But, sir, it will suffice to remind him that Wesley was the founder of tlie largest religious body that separated from tlie Church of England. Of Newman, it is enough to say that lie did not die Archbishop of Canterbury, but a cardinal of the Romish Church. Of Keble and Pusey, I will remind Mr. Martin of what a distinguished con- temporary said 01 tnem, tliey sent thou sands over to Rome, but did not go them selves." I am as mnch opposed to " narrow- minded" clergymen as Mr. Martin ; but, at the same time, I say, from the self-appointed censor, who sits serenely 011 tho fence boasting of his calm cool-headedness while the battle for truth and principle is being fought, from such, I say, may the Lord deliver us, and of such, I think, the Kilburn sisters and our worthy Primate might say, "save us from our friends." James Johnson states that it is now known, from the Rev. Dr. Corlette's letter to The Daily Telegraph, to whom the Church of England is so much indebted for tlie advent of the Kilburn Sisters here. In bis opinion it ill becomes one so constantly pratin" of obedience to tlie powers that be to thus defy the majority of tlie synod, where his motion to have them in this dioeese was so largely beaten, both to disobey this ordained power of God and to defy his ordinary. " Christianas Catholicus " does not think it necessary to any man's salvation that I10 should hold certain notions or conform to certain religious formalities, or commit him self to priests, for whoever has tho spirit of Christ has all that is vital. It is a carnal spirit of the stubbornest and haughtiest species which, in tho Roman or any other Church, leads it to contend for its own exclusive communion as the medium and Balvation, and it is also a carnal spirit in any church which causes it to assume a superiority over other com munions (Matt, xxiii., 8). It is especially unchristian for any one communion, Greek, Roman, or Anglican, to afl'cct that it is the body of Christ. It is arrogant and treason against Christ for any communion to assume that there is no salvation beyond its pale. " Him that Cometh to Me I will in nowise cast out." No communion ever was or ever can be the Catholic Church of Christ. Christ has opened and keeps open " the new and living way " to His Kingdom, and no church is the way. Tho way to heaven is open to the whole race in Jesus — "I am the way," " By Me if any man enter in lie shall be saved." In tlio love of God there is room enough for all our distinctions to breathe and pray, but no communion may call itself dis tinctively the Church of the Heart of Christ. In "Virgil's" opinion the majority of our correspondents on this subject have lost sight of the main question at issue, viz., the right of tlie Anglican Bishop to give or with hold his sanction to what ho may think as an innovation in his church. He does not think tho Bishop's words call for such severe and carping criticism as they havo received from tlie members of Iiis own body. His lordship, I10 thinks, was well within his right. Either ho has such episcopal juris diction or iio has not. If he has, ana con siders that tho introduction of the sisters is not required by any particular exigency, or that the work can be performed by otiicrs, or that their alleged "Romanising" doc trines nre detrimental to tho spirit of the teachings of his Church, it is his right and Iiis duty to discountenance thein, and to refuse hi3 patronage and sanction, and it should also be tho duty of his minis ters and those of his flock to accept his judgment with respect. If, on tho other hand, I10 does not possess any true authority, then why is he a bishop? Is he appointed a director that I10 may do just as he is bid by tlio synod and others ? It is apparent that he has no real jurisdiction, for in this matter ho lias been entirely ignored. Tlio contro versy shows that tlio Bishop has not any authority, and seems, in fact, to be only a figurehead, otherwise his wishes would not liuvo been treated with contempt. Mr. ICnapp's lettor, lie thinks, shows a vast amount of study — to distort, undoubtedly it is " by faith" and not by right, sense, etc., that we receive the body and blood of Christ. Whence tho necessity of tho Communion Offico emphasising this unless to get out of a dilemma? Can Mr. Knapp explain how tho body of tho Saviour can be verily and indeed present nnd yet absent in Heaven ? 01- a material body be present in spirit? Tlie two words "with faith" make no dill'ercncc, for if a person had not faith lie would not participate in the supper. The squabbling handful of " Kilkenny eats " as Mr. Foran justly terms tlie 347 or 350 Pro testant sects, are a " kingdom divided' against itself," and "shall be made desolate' as it is. They can hardly say with St. Paul " we being many are ono body in Christ." Tliey are not at one oil any point except it be in their antagonism to Catholicism. There is but one fold and ono shepherd— the ! one holy Catholic and Apostolic Church— tlie Rock of Ages on which is graven the marks of God's predilection and love, and with which He is "even unto the end of the world." As to tho others, " they are spotted like a leopard." /acliary Pearce Pocock, despite the attacks upon the self-sacrificing sisterhood, hns'no fears as to their success. Ho denies that the doctrine of transubstantiation' is an Anglican doetriue, and asserts that the sisters do not teach it. The sisters and their work are approved by the Archbishop of Canterbury and many of the Anglican bishops, and this ought to satisfy all thn t they do 110b teach anything contrary to tlie doctrines of the Church' of England. Thn Church catechism teaches the reality of the Divine presence in the Eucharist, but not the doctrine of transub- stantiation. 