BY MUTUAL CONSENT, FROM THE PEN OF J. MARSDEN SUTCL/FFE, AUTHOR OF .The Bells of St, Barnabas," " The Eomanco of an Insurance Office," " Revealed by Fire," &c;, &c.; " You had bettor listen to my plan before vou decide. If you will delay to join us this evening after dinner I will endeavour to [ induce Winifred to abandon her intention of returning to St. Jude's, on which she was f fully bent only a day or two ago. If she i consents you can stay on until the end of of September instead of return to Kensing ton at the beginning of the month. Leave ber with me until Christmas and then you shall ask her, if you are still in the same i You think you will have found out every thing by Christmas," exclaimed Claude. j '»I think she will have told mo everything or else that there is something to hide which it will be right for you to know before asking her to be your wife. Her continued silence | .would be a bad omen, and I should then j ' judge it my duty to put the question plainly which will resolve all doubts." 1 "If I consent to wait until Christmas, mother, will you'.make me a promise in re turn? Promise me if there is anything! hidden, as you call it, which may be, painful j for you to know it shall not cause her to forfeit your good will." "Most willingly," replied Lady Falcon ridge with cordial warmth. " We owe her I too much for her to lose my good will; nor do I tbink that there is anything concealed [ which could diminish my affection. Let us | wait and hope for the best." " Then I agree to your plan," cried Claude kissing his mother affectionately as Winifred i appeared in the door-way of the Castle, j clad in a walking dress of heather-coloured | tweed, and wearing a Tam *o Shanter, which made her seem more bewitching than ever in the eyes of her lover. The same evening, when the ladies i retired from the dining-room, Lady Faloonridge began to disclose iier plans to Winifred, who that moment sat looking' thoughtfully into the fire, reckoning up the j ; few days that were left to her of her visit. " I hope you have enjoyed your stay at Glen-Orloch," said Lady Falconridge, by | . way of opening up the conversation. " Oh, very much indeed," said Winifred, brightly, looking up with a beaming face. I "I can never thank you enough, dear Lady Falconridge. Sucli a month's happi ness I have never known before: not Bince i poor papa died." , Lady Falconridge nodded her head and! lopked grave. Winifre'd's observation told her volumes. "Evidently," she thought, " there was not a happy month in those I three years about which she had remained I so misteriously silent." But she did not ^ allow the dread of something unpleasant! lying concealed to deter her.' \- " I have been wondering if you would do a kindness to an old woman. Next month { Olaudo. returns to Kensington. He only plays at art here, at Kensington he works. When both of you are gone I shall feel more lonely than usual. Is it asking too much of j you to ask you to remain and be the : companion of a lonely old women through j ' tho winter. . "Oh I wish I could, cried Winifred, to whom, this proposal opened out a vista of all, manner of pleasant possibiRties.' " There is no help for it," she continued, after reflec tion, " They will expect me at St. Judes j next week, and might suffer inconvenience : if I failed to to appear at the end of my holidays." " If that is all, I think we can arrange it," returned Lady Falconridge. " If they can not release you immediately you can return 1 until they can find someone to replace you : and then come back to me for the winter., I want some one to cheer me whilst Claude , is away, and I do not take very readily to strangers; and if you will forgive me saying j so, the proposal is not altogether selfish. : It will bo advantageous to your career as an artist for you to remain here. Your time will be your own, the studio will be at your service, and the whole country-side will ' serve you as a landscape. Winifred was not slow to"peroieve the advantages of the arrangement, and yet she , ? wH that if Claude's absence from Glen-Orloch had not been made part of the scheme she conld not have remained. For the | L of her approaching departure from pron-Orloch had begun to weigh heavily up f-jin her spirits and had set her thinking over ' the happy time she had enjoyed. She had1 f discovered that more than the praise which «or budding genius had received, more than Lady Falconridge's abounding kindness, Wore than the strange wild beauty of the soonery in which she had moved for tho first time, the man who had been her constant companion had made her happiness. She *as'i that hor heart had passed oat of her own keeping and that she loved Ulaude Maclean with the whole strength of 8T«paBBi°n. She lelt, therefore, that if Lady Falconridge's arrangement had inclu ded a stay with Claude for her daily com panion she must have fled from the danger, nut when she learnt that Claude's plan's jor the winter, which were fixed, would take im away from Glon-Orloch, she consented remain and prosecute her art as Ladv taleonridge had planned, and ftod in her wont the balm she needed for a heart that was sad from the very hopelessness of the sh° had became conscious ior the first time. nn^jButhoritieg at St. Judo's consented, w1111^6'8 application, to release 1 More instructions from Claude, t8 £?r figure, and September to liiJ t j- October Mr.-Maclean returned SiS?'S, » *} K^siugton, and Winifred smnntu alono. Hor life passed \- ,r^rventf'% after Claude's depar IOrlAn-!myme ^'iveu to Oban from Glen Lord a\5 hther face to face with iitWh herborfc and tho buried ghost vr-- - 