POINT AND PARRY. fllY ' AJiAM16.'j Nothing ia the shape of order has yet been evolved out of the poli'ical chaos, and matters still remain delightfully mixed. Putting things plainly, the Treasurer forced tbe Prei Bier's hand on Friday, last week, and, while he sat dumbfoundercd at the audacity of hie over-masterful lieutenant, committed him to a course which cannot xau lo nnng anout a crisis. Then, by threatening to throw down his arms and desert witb bag and baggage, ha fairly bounced his commanding officer into making «ome show of fight on Tuesday. But, O ye gods and little fishes 1 such a show. It was a case of Boh Acrcs, Antfeut Pistol, Parroles, 1 and Bobadil all rolled into one, The Pre mier's courage oozed oat of hiB finger tips even while he spoke ; and the general poei tion between the Cabinet and tbe Council, as established by his now historic Statement., is precisely that affected by the valorous swashbuckler who demanded of his adver sary, 41 Did you address yonr remarks to me, air P ' 1 did, sir.' '* Did I understand you to say 2 was a trickster, a Bhufiler, and a poltroon, and tbat you would pull my nose, sirf' ' If yon did, yoa understood rightly, sir.' 11 And do you refus- to give me an do.*' ' Then, gadzooks 1 you are a man of honor, sir, 1 like you, and shall be proud to claim tou as my friend. You speak plainly and directly ; but I hate those miserable shufflers who are always dealing in insinuations and inuendoes,* or wlio, hiving said a thing, have not tbe couraee to Stand to it. Your band, sir, your hand.' Referring more particularly to tbe phrasj o! egy and style of composition which dis tinguished that sweet specimen ot an explanation explanatory of nothing, it may be said that it was less a thing of shreds and patches than one of ducks and dodges. Touchstone says there is ' much virtue in 4 if {' ' and therefore the title over that State ment should have been borrowed from this truism, as thuB ire AND BUT6. Debson Chsntout, If we hadn't made a blunder When tbe struggle we began, We shouldn't now be looking So disconsolate and wan ; Mvt I can't deny that fortune On our game has placed a stopper. And somehow it has brought us down A truly awful cropper. If we hadn't struck that duty On the sugar asd tbe tea, We might have gone on smiling Like a shearer on the spree ; But, ai people made a r.^t Why, we yielded ';,p the ghost, And ever since Vney've had us, ?3ust like quail, served up on toast, If we hadn't been so cocky lb our tone, I shrewdly guess, We might have still been champiencd By a sympathetic Press ; But, as its aid has failed ne, All Tasmania mast be told That these mercenary journals Have been simply bought and sold. If we hadn't put exemptions In our little Land Tax Bill, We. m ight have bad our pretty Echcme Entire and perfect Mill ; But the Oouncil knocked it endways, And our income tax kickcd oat, * So Cabinet or Council no^f Muet do the rightabout, ?If we could but get the people To espouee our noble causc, We could make that Oouncil frantic When we wag our nether jaws ; JJ«(, as we can't induce them To be governed by our rules, We must just denounce its members As a set of utter fools. If we could bnt boss the country, As we hoped to do before, We should then, I'm sure, be satisfied, And ask for nothing more ; But as soon as we attempt it, By the most unkindest cuts We find the proBpect ruined By no end of Ifs and Bute. 'Alas! poorYorick,' I knew him, Horatio.' freshmen aTe very busy people, yet there Is no class wore liable to hare their work ing time broken in upon by thoughtless callers. There are folk whoseem to con ?ider that an editor only attends at his office lor the tun of the thing } that be sits in his roam to receive visitors, entertain hie friends, tell and hear good stories, and that he writes his leaden during the interval between ehavine and iumninp into hia morning tub. To stave off some of this, and secure a little absolutely necessary working time, a popular Patterson-street Cloud compeller had a Banfield and Brighton's patent fastening attached to hi6 door, which, npon the bolt being shot inside, automati cally displayed to all and sundry outside, the significant legend ' Engaged.' What has gone wrong with that catch I au not pre pared to aay ; but the fact remains that now, when the bolt is shot, the word that suddenly appears is ' Married,' felicitations — 1 Kings, xiii., 30, latter portion. Some little time ago 1 referred to certain pecaliar advertisements that have appeared in the local papers ; and as a parallel 1 may give the following from a country content' parary, which hss recently come under my notice : — ' Five Pounds Reward. — LoBt, stolen, or strayed— A skewbald pony be ]®aging to a lady with a bang tail.' But thAt the advertisements have by no means a monopoly of suggestive fun, witness the fol lowing, from the Mercury of 4th inst.:— u Nsw Rldorado Directors Extended North eastern drive 12ft for week} total, 173ft from main drive.' Thank Heaven tbat the Eldorado has at last determined to make the Guinea Pigs earn their own liviog. and that they have even brought tbem np to tbe point of driving 12ft in a week. But what a prospect is thus opened up to view. On my bsok- shelves I have a neat volume entitled ' The Jenolan Caves,' New Bouth Wales, presented me by the author, J. J. Foster, who explored the caves and wrote the book, under arrangement with the Government of New Bouth Wales, One n&rrow;, tortuous descent from an upper to a lower chamber, which caused a well-fed companion no little uneasiness, he appropriately named *' Fat Man's Misery but what — oh .' what title ehall then be bestowed on the winze in which the chicken-pampered and cham pagne-saturated director undertakes to earn his modest allowance ? Or, Etav ! Can this be taken as indicating a sew nautical depar ture in mining matters! under which the director's report is to read like n skipper's log : — ' March 1 9 — Encountered hcav v weather. 1 reefed topsails and stowed all light sail. Gale increased. ] wore ship, and stood in to get the shelter of the land, Blowing a hurricane. I double-reefed top sail, set storm trysail, asd went about ; but Bhe missed stays, and w were unable to prevent her drifting on to the leeward shoal, where she Boon became a total wreck.' First person singular when credit is to be taken for anything lending towards eucccfif, and a politic plnral when the bottom drops out of the csncern, leaving nothing bnt a responsibility to be discreetly dodged. A correspondent writes me tbat during the present depression there are many men in Melbourne of liberal education, culture, and refinement, who arc glad to accept any employment, however unsuitable. One of these is working the lift in a big city busi ness place, and recently took in a passen ger who gave concise direction—' Second floor.' Up went the machine, and at the second floor tbe engineer stopped it with the remark — ' Yonr desti nation, air,' bnt as the man did not attempt to get ont, the lift was started on with the other prssengers. 'Hallo!' said the mas, as they reached tbe top Hat, *? What's this ? Didn't I tell yoa to let me ont at tbe second floor u Well, sir, I stopped the lift there and told yoa it was your destination.' ' Destination be — ? 1 I told you to let me out at the second floor. Why didn't you do it ?' A story is told of the Earl of Glasgow, the present Governor of New Zealand, which goe* to prove that rude ticket clerks and discourteous railway porters are to be met with outside Tasmania, where of coarse they are never even heard of. His Lordship, wishing to travel by rail to tbe city whence he derives bis title, tendered a ten-pound note in payment for his tickct. Tbe clerk first suspiciously eyed tbe note and then the tenderer, and at last, as if satisfied of thv honesty of the one if not ot the other, nonchalantly observed : 'You'll have I to endorse it.' Tbe Peer did by simply writing on the back the one word ' Glasgow.' j Then the clerk again tossed it contempts ously back, and with a magnificent bnt | withering scorn, remarked : ' I want yon to write your own. name on it, not the name of | the place you're going to, yon old fool.' | Then the nobleman took that note and wrote on it : — 'Earl of Glasgow, Viscount Relburne, Lord Boyle of Kelburne, and Baron Boss, of Hawkhead,' Tableau I and collapse of that unhappy clerk. ' Sec bow these Christians love,' ia the text that immediately recurred to mimd on reading the recent cable message from London about tbe extraordinary scene at the sitting of tbe Anglican Ohurck Congress at Birmingham, at which Father Ignatius was present, and proposed to speak. This waa vetoed by tne chairman —the Bight Bev. Dr. Pereowne, Bishop of Worcester— who ruled tbat Father Ignatius , should not be beard, because his views were not in accord with those of the Broad Ohnrch party. Somehow it seems that the thing might be pnt thus, sort of A PA6TOBi.L. Dear Christian friends, in worda that breathe The meekness of tbe dove, 1 always preach the blessed creed Of ecntle Gospel love ; And from the bitter bonds of sin 1 set each spirit free, Provided all obediently Submit themselves to me. Of coursc, dear brethren, 1 assume That all of you have read The rule that tells us that the Church Can only have one head ; And, as 1 mean to be that head, You may with safety bet Yoor blooming bottom dollar That Ignatius has to get. PerbBpe his ministrations some Will hold as dear and sweet j If so, the sacrifice of self Will be the more complete ; And all will fnlly realise, In yielding to my nod, The bleasedmieB oi bending to Your Bishop 'u chast'ning rod. My fiat 1 am sore that you Will magnify and laud, Bccause, as you will nlai*-' _ ... £ vflat preachers who presume oth,:V Ughts to steer . get tbe bread? sort of hint To very promptly clear. I'm tolerant In word and deed, In fact, 1 freely state, That whatsoever 1 approve 1 gladly tolerate j Bnt should a teacher hesitate Before my will to bow Well, then, dear Christian friends, 1 fear There's going to be a row. In cbcerful resignation you Will sind a chastened joy Which nothing in tbis wicked world Can cancei or destroy ; Put whosoever looks askance At any view of mine May take his bat and cut his stick With Christian brother Leync. | Thus pleasantly abiding is - The bonds of love and peace, We all shall pull together just As smooth and slick aa grease ; 1 But if you cavil at the tune I 1 choose that you shall sing— | WpU, then, dear Christian brethren, You can do the other thing. 1 may be mildly censured ; Bnt I'll let tbe worldlings see How sweetly we believers dwell In Christian unity, Provided that without demur 1 get my little way, Or else be sure I'll take it. So, Debt brethren — Let ub pray. As I am on the episcopal subject, I may as well tell of a rebuke administered in all kindness, but which, nevertheless, fell with j no little severity, as a certain itinerant 1 gospeller once dificovercd. He was londly inveighing before a ministerial assembly 1 against all schools of theology, and finished up by thanking God that he had 'never had anything to do with one.' ' Do I understand the brother to say that he thanks God lor his ignorance ?' asked the bishop. ' Well, yes, if you want to pnt it that way.' ' Then all 1 wis h to add,' said the bishop unctuously, 'is that oar dear Ccristian brother has a great deal to be thankful for.' On the same episcopal subject a good : story emanates from a well-known London club which has attached to it, chambers for the use of members wanting temporary accommodation. Recently the Bishop of Nottingham telegraphed from the conntry for a bud-room ; and, arriving in town, he ? drove at once to the chambers. ?? What name, sir?' asked the porter, in answer to ! the suffragan's enquiry whether his apart* ' ment had been prepared. 'The Bishop of Nottingham,' replied Dr. Trollope. ' There j is no such name.' Eaid the official, altera search throngb his book. ' Look again,' i urged the astonished prelate, ' No, air, 1 nothing booked Co yon,' was tbe answer; : ' but there is a room pat down for Edward j Nottingham, Esq.' This recalls two well-known cases af con* I fusion arising from episcopal signatures. j The late Archbishop of York once excited the suspicions of the head waiter there by writing his name in the visitors' book, j 'Why,' exclaimed Bobert, 'he's a regular impostor. He isn't tbe Archbishop. Look I here! He signs himself 'W. EborP' Again, there was the worthy tradesman who j wrote, in reply to a letter—' I am in receipt of your esteemed order, but I regret I cannot serve you without payment or a ! reference, as 1 am unacquainted with the name of yonr firm. — I am, etc,, — — — . Ta , Messrs. Sador and Man.' 