Chips and Chaff. Oh, Those Gnus.—Clara (after her song): "Did my voice fill the room?" Prunella: "No, It emptied it." The philosopher who wroto that a good name Is better than riches never had a* case in an American court of law. The Blonde: " I wonder if I shall ever live to be 100t" The Brunette: "Not if yon remain 22 much longer." "When I was young we prepared students for life; now we prepare them for examina tions," is a bit of truth. from Jules Simon. "While I am not certain as to the sinful ness of drinking," said Mr. Luslifortb the next morning, "lam sure as to the bad taste." TJxFCBTtr.VATELYExpees3ed.—Maude: "Yes, C am obliged to get my shoes made to order. Mv left foot is larger than my right." Kthel: " la it possible ?" ||"Isnpposcit just means that he hired 'em »nt," was the reply of a small Sanday-6chool jhild when asked wliat was meant by the expression, "And the King rent hU clothes." "Morr," said John, "do you loro me? 7 "Yes, Jolui," said Mary. "And will you always love me? " " Yes." " And if I should die, what would you do r" "Bury you, dear," said Mary. Mr. Bridie: "Don't you think it would bo a good idea to charge your girl for all the chinashe breaks?" Mrs. Bridie: "Howcan I charge her for it when I don't dare to charge her with it?" * Sergeant (to dull recruit): " I've told you 40 times that you must stand up as straight as if you had swallowed a ramrod. Instead of that you appear to have swallowed half a dozen Turkish scimitars." Shopman: " These coeds are all marked down, madam." Fair Purchaser: "Very well; I will take them. But as tboy arc for presents, you will kindly see that they are all marked up on the tag3." "Did you ever sec a ghost?" "Once." "Were you scared?" " Was I scared? Whs I? My false teeth were in a glass on a tabic three feet away from the bed, and thev actually lattled so loud they woke the neighbours.''' Figg: "What did yon speak to that fellow for?" Fcgg: "Oh, he's nil right; belongs to one'of the best families in town." Figg: "So ? " Fogg: " Yes; a family that attends to its own business and lets other folks' busi ness alone." "Kow, isn't he an angel?" said tlio fond mother as she seated the little fellow in his high chair at the table for the first tiiue. ' 6ort of destroying angel," remarked the cynical father, as he saw a costly decanter go spinning to .the floor with a crash.' " Life is fall of up3 and downs," said the man who is airy and affable under all circum stances. "So I have heard." "Well, I am at present in the full enjoyment of one of the hps." " I congratulate you." "Don't. It's . * case of 'hard-up.' " v "I think Benny will make a farmer," said Mrs. Bloobnmper to her husband. "What make? you think that?" "I found him picking the.seeds ont of some seed-cuke I had given him, and he said he was going to plant them and raise all the cake he could eat." _ The Difference.—Two soldiers lay under their blankets looking np at the stars. Says Jack: "What made you go into the army, Tom?" "Well," replied Tom, "I had.no wife, and I loved war, Jack; so I went. What made you go?" "Well," retnraed Jack, "I had a wife,, and I loved peace, Tom; >o I went:" One of Peter Lombard's stories in the Clmirh Times, vouched for as genuine, tells us how a school examiner was nonplussed by one of the scholars. " Were the ancient kings mentioned tn the Bible," asked the learned man, "rich like modern kings?" "No, sir," was the reply; ''weread that they slept with their fathers, ani if they had been rich and well off, they would have liad a bed to themselves." An old sea captain, well-known for his powers of exaggeration, was describing a voyage at supper one night. " While croising in the Pacific," said he, "wc passed an island which was positively red with lobsters." ^But," objected one of the guests, with an incredulous smile, lobsters arc not red until boiled." "Of course not," replied the un daunted captain, "but this was a volcanic island with boiling springs." 