THE SORCERESS. BY MRS. OLIBHANT. CHAPTER NIX. The week passed 111 the sombre hurry yet tedium of a house lying under the shadow of death: that period during m'hieh when it is night M'c long for morning, and M'hcn it is morning avo long for night, hoping always tor the hope that never comes, trembling to mark the progress which does o on silent ly towards the end. Colonel Kingaward was rough and angry m'ith lfee that first morning, to her consternation and dismay. »Sho had never been the object of her fathers anger before, and this lkisty and imperious questioning seemed to iako all power of reply out of her. What had she been doing, Loher mother? She! to bur mother! Bee j M'as too much frightened by his threatening j look, the cloud 011 his face, tlio fire in his j eyes, to say anything. I lor mind ran hurriedly ovnr all that had happened, and that last terrible visit, which hud changed the m'liolo aspect of the earth lo herself. But it M'as to herself that this stroke of mis fortune had come and not Lo her mother. A gleam of answering anger came into Bee's eyes, sombro Avith tho uuhappincss m'hieh had been pushed aside hy more immediate suffering, yet was still there like a black background, to frame m'hatcver other miseries might come after. As for Colonel KingsAA'ard, it was to him, as to so many men, a relief to blame somebody for tho trouble which Avns unbearable. The blow m'as approaching m'hieh he had never allowed himself to believe in. He had blamed his m'ife instinctively, involuntarily, at tho first hearing of every inconvenience in life; and it had helped lo accustom him to the annovunee to think that it M'as her fault. He had done so in what ho called this un fortunate business of Bee's, concluding that but for Mrs. Kingsward's M'eaknoss Mr. Aubrey Leigh and his affairs M'ould never have become of any importance to the family. He bad blamed her Loo, and greatly, for that m'cakoning of health m'hieh lie had so persistently endeavored to convince him self did not mean half so much as the doctors said. Women are so idiotic in these respects. They will insist 011 wearing muslin and lace m'hcn they ought to wear flannel. They will put 011 evening dresses m'hcn they ought to beelolhcdAvarmly to the throat, and shoes made of paper av hen they ought to he solidly and stoutly shod, quite indifferent to the trouble and anxiety they may cause to their family. And now that .Mrs, Kingsu'urd's state had gob beyond the possibility of reproach, lie turned upon his daughter. It must he her fault; her mother had been better or he should not have left her. The quiet of tho country avus doing her good — if she bad not been agitated all Avould have been m'ell. But Bee, with all her declarations of devotion to her mother; Bee, tho eldest, who ought to have had soino sense, Bee had brought on this trumpery love-business to overset the delicate equili brium Avhiuh he himself, a man wit h affairs so much more important in hand, had refrained from disturbing. It did liini a little good, unhannv and anxious as he m'as, to pour out Ins Avralh upon Bee. And she did not reply. .She did not shed tears as her mother had weakly done iu similar circum stances or attempt excuses. Even, if lie had been sufficiently at leisure to note it, an ansAvering fire awoke in Bee's eyes, lie had not leisure co note, but he perceived it all the same. Presently, howcA'cr, every faculty, every thought, became absorbed in that siclc chamber; ihnurs had still 10 he thought of outside of it : hui» they seemed strange, artificial tilings, having 110 connection m'ith life. Then Charlie avus summoned from Oxford, and tho younger boys from school, which increased the strange commotion of the. house, adding that restless clement of young life which liad 110 placo there, nothing to do m'ith itself, and which roused an almost frenzied irritation in Colonel Kings- Avard m'hcn ho suav any attempt on tho part of the poor boys to amuse themselves, or resume their usual occupation. "Clods!" he said, " young brutes ! They m'ould plav tennis if the Avorhl avus falling to pieces.' And again that glance of lire came into Bee's eyes, marked unconsciously, though lie did not know he had seen it, by her father. The hoys hung about her when she stole out for a little air one at each arm. 14 How is mother, Bee ? She's no worse V Don't you think we might go over to Hillside for that tournament? Don't you think Fred might play in the parish match Avilh Siddemore? They're so badly oil' fur bowlers. Don't you Lhink — — " " Oh, I think it would he much better for you to he doing something, boys ; but, then, papa might hear, and ho m'ould bo angry. .If Ave could but keep it from papa." 44 We're doing mother 110 good," said Fred. "How could Ave do mother good? Why did the governor send for us, Bee, only lo kick our heels here, and get into mischief? A ielloAV can't help getting into mischief m'hcn he has nothing lo do." 44 Yes," repeated Fred, 44 m'hat did ho send for us for? I wish mother was better. I suppose as soon as site's better we'll be packed off again." They Avere big boys, but they did not understand the possibility of their mother not getting better, and, indeed, neither did Bee. When piorning followed morning, and nothing happened, it seemed to her that getting better Avas the only conclusion to be looked for. 3i it had been death that Avas coming surely it must have conio by this time. Her hopes rose with every lieu' day. But Mrs. Kingsward had been greatly agitated by the sight of Charlie whan he M'as allowed Lo see her. 44 Why lias Charlie come home ?" she said. 14 Was he scut for? Was it your father that brought him? Charlie, my dear, m'liat aro you doing here? Why have you come hack? You should haA'e been going on Avilh Did your father send for you? Why, M'hy did your father send for you, my boy?" 44 1 thought," said Charlie, quite unmanned hy tiie sight of her, and by this unexpected question, and by all he had been tohl about her state. 44 1 thought — you ua'nled to see me, mother." 44 1 alu'uys like to see you — but not to take you uAvay from And Avhy avus he sent for, Moulsoy? Does the doctor think? — does my husband thiuk ? " Her feverish color grew brighter and brighter. Her eyes shone Avilh a burning eagerness. She put her hot hand upon that of her son. 44 Was it to say good-by to me?" she said, -M'ith a strange lluLler of a smile. At the same time 1111 argument on the same subject avus going 011 between tlio doctor and the colonel. 44 What eau the children do in a sick- room ? Keep them away. 1 should never have seut for them if you had consulted me. It is bad enough to have let her see Charlie, sum moned express— do you avuuI to frighten your Avife to death 7" 44 There can ho no question," said tho Colonel, "if what you toll me is true, of frightening her to death. 1 think, Benson, that a patient iu such circumstances ought to know. She ought to be told " 44 What?" tho doctor said, sharply, with a harsh tone in his a'oioe. 44 What? Do you need to ask — of her stale — of M'hat is imminent — that she is going to " Colonel Kingsward loved iiis Avife truly, anil lie could not say those last Avords. 44 Yes?" said the doctor, 44 going to 7 M'ell, avu hope it's to Ouo that has called her, that knoAvs all about it, Kingsward. Doctors are not supposed to take that vieAV much, but 1 do. I'd tell her nothing of the sort. I would not agitato her either M'ith the sight of the children ; or those heathenish thoughts about dying. Well ! 1 suppose you'll take your own way. If you think she's in danger of damnation — but you see i don't. I think Avhcro she's going she'll find more considera tion and more understanding than over she got here." 44 You are all infidel», cvorv one of you," said Colonel Kingsuurd. 44 You would let a soul rush unprepared into tlio presence of " " Her Father," said Dr. Benson.' 44 So I Avould— if He's her Father he'll take care of that. And even if He's only a Judge, you know, a Judge is iui extraordinarily con siderate person. He leaves 110 means un tried of coining to a right decision. 1 would rather trust my caso in the hands of tho Bench than make up my own little plea any day. And, anyhow that you can put it, the Supreme Judge must be better than the best Bench that > ever M'as. Leave her itlonc. She's safer Avilh Him than either with you or me." 44 It is an Argument I never m'ouhl pardon — in my own case, i shudder at the thought of being plunged into Eternity m'ithout the time to— lo thiuk — to — to prepare " "But 'if your preparations are all seen through from the beginning? If it's just as M'ell known then, or better, M'hat you are thinking or trying to think, to make your self ready for that event? You knew your self more or less, didn't you, avIkju you wore in active service, the excuses a u'retehed private Avould make Avbeli lie avus hauled up, and how lie M'ould try to make tlio worse appear the better cause. Were A'ou moved by that, Colonel KingsM'unl ? Didn't you know the man, and judge liiin by Avliat you knew 7" 44 It seems to me a very undignified argu ment ; there's no analogy between a wretched private and — and my — and one of lis— at the Judgment Seat." "No; it's more like one of your hoys making up his defence, when brought before a'ou — and the poor boy avouM need it, loo," Dr. Benson added within himself. But naturally he made no impression Avith his argument, whether it m'as good or had, upon his hearer. Colonel Kingsward avus in reality a very unhappy man. He had no body to bluine for the dreadful misfortune which was threatening him except God, for M'hom ho entertained only a great terror as of an overwhelming tvrannioal Rower ready to catch him at miy moment when he neglected the nh.aww.nem or riles necessary to appease it. Re was very particular in these nhacrvancco - going to church, keeping up dtmily prayers, contributing his prnpt-r und cnrefnHy calculated pro portion lo the eh.u'itie.;, ere. Nobody could say of him that he was careless or negligent. And now how badly won his devotion repaid ! — by the tearing uu'iry from him of tho com panion of his life. But he felt that there v.w; still much more that theuAvful Master of Dm Universe might indict perhaps upon her if she was nor. prepared to meet her God. Re was MTClchcd till he had tohl her, warned her, till she had fulfilled everything that was necessary, Minn t he clergyman, and got her self into tiie stale of mind becoming a dying person. He had eolfeeicd all the chil dren that she might take leave of them in a becoming M'ay. He had, ho far as he lcncM', thought of everything to make her exit from the world n right one in all the forms — und now to be told that he was not to agitate her, that the God Avhom he wished to prepare her to meet knew more of her and understood her better than he did ! Agitate her ! when the alternative might- he un speakable miseries of punishment, instead of the acquittal which would have to be given to a soul properly prepared. Those argu ments did not in the least change his pur pose ; hut they fretted and irritated him beyond measure. At tho bottom of all, the idea that anybody should knoAV better than he M'liat avus tho right tiling for iiis own wife Avas an intolerable thought. He Aveut out and in of her room with that irritated, though self-controlled look, wh:»li she knew so well. He had never shown it lo the world, and when he had demanded of her in his angry Avay M'hy this avus and that, and how on earth such and such things had happened, Mrs. Kingsward had until lately taken it so su'eetly that he had not himself suspected how heavy it Avas upon her. Ami Avium she had begun to show signs of being unable to bear the responsi bility of everything iu earth and heaven, the Colonel had felt himself an injured men. There urcrc signs that he might eventually throw that responsibility 011 Bee. But in the meantime lie had nobody to blame, at- has been said, and the burden of irritation and disturbance Avas heavy upon him. The next morning after his talk with Dr. Benson he came in M'ith that clouded brow to find Charlie by her bedside. The Colonel came up and stood looking at the face oil ( he pillow, now Avail in tlio reaction of the lever, and utterly weak, but still smiling at his approach. 44 1 have been tolling Charlie," she said in her faint voice, 44 that no must go back to his college. Why should lie Avuste his time hero 7" _ 44 He will not go back vet," said Colonel KingsAvard ; 44 are you feeling a little better this morning, my dear?" 44 Oh, not to call ill at all," said tlio suf ferer. 44 Weak — a sort of sinking, floating aAvay. I take hold of somebody's hand to keep 111c from falling through. Isn't it ridi culous?" she said, after a little pause. 44 Your M'caknesa is very great," said the husband, almost sternly. 44 Oh, 110, Edward. It's more sillv than anything — when I am not really ill, you know. I've got Charlie's hand hero under tlio counterpane," she said again, with her faint little laugh. 44 You Avon't always have Charlie's hand, or anyone's hand, Lucy." She looked at him Avith a little anxioty. 44 No, no. I'll get stronger, perhaps, F.dward." 44 )o you feel as if you M'ere at all stronger, my dear?" She loosed her son's hand, giving him a little troubled smile. 44 Go au'ay nou, Charlie, dear. I don't believe you have bud your breakfast. I M'ant to speak to — papa." Then sho v.aitcd, looking wistfully in her husband's face till the door had closed. 44 You have something to say to mc, Edu'ard. Oh, M'hat is it? Nothing lias happened to anyone !" 44 No, nothing lias happened," lie said. He turned away and Avalked to the u'incloAv, then came back again, turning his head half way from her as lie spoke. "It is only that you are — my poor darling — M'eaker every day." 44 Does tho doctor think so?" she said M'ith a little eagerness, M'ith a faint suffusiou of color in her face. He did not say anything, could not per haps, hut slightly moved his head. 44 Weaker every day ! And that means, Edward 7 " tfhe put. out her thin hot hands. 44 That means 7 " The man could not say anything. He could do his duty grimly, but M'hcn the moment came he could not put it into words. He sank dou'n 011 the chair Charlie had fell, and put doAvn his face 011 the pilloAV, his large frame shaken by sobs M'hieh lie could not restrain. These sobs made Mrs. Kingsward forget Hie meaning of this communication alto- gel her. .She put her hands upon him trying lo raise his head. 44 Edward ! oh, don't cry, don't cry ! I have never seen you cry in xtSl my life. EdAvanl, for goodness sake ! you will kill me if you go on sobbing like thai. Oh, Edward, Edward, I never saw you cry before." Moulsoy bad darted forward from some shadowy corner M'hcrc she was and gripped him hy the arm. 44 Stop, sir, slop it," she cried in an aulhori- tative Avhisper, "or you'll kill tier." Ho Hung Motilsey oil', and raised his head a little from the piilow. 44 You have never seen me M'ith any .stub occasion before," ho said, taking her bauds into iiis and kissing thorn repeatedly. He avus not a man of many caresses, and her heart was touched with a feeble sense of pleasure. "J)ear," she said softly, "dear," feebly drawing a little nearer to him to put 'her check against his. Colonel KingsM'ard looked up as soon as ho M'as able and saw her lying smiling at him, her hands in his, hor eyes full of that won derful liquid light M'hieh belongs to great. M'cakness. The small Avorn face avus all illuminated M'ith smiles, it Avas liko the face of a child — or perhaps an angel. He looked at first witli aAve, then M'ith doubt and alarm. Had lie failed after all in the com mission M'hieh lie had executed at so much cost to himself, and against the doctor's orders? He had been afraid for tlio moment ot the sight of her despair — and iioav lie avhm frightened by her look of ease, the absence of all perturbations. Had she not understood him ? Would it have to be told again, more severely, more distinctly, thfe dreadful xieM's 7 CHARTER XX. Mrs. Kingsward said nothing of tho com munication her husband had made to her. Did she understand it? He went about heavily all day pondering the mallet going and coming to her room, trying iu vain to make out Avhal Avas in her mind. But. he could not divine M'hat avus in that inimL hidden from him in those veils of individual existence M'hieh never seemed Lo him to h:iva been so hallling before, in the afternoon .'die hud heard somehow the voices of tiie ehh.-r hoys, and had asked if they M'cre there, and had sent for them. The two big fellows, M'ith tho mud 011 their hoofs and the strut. of the fresh air about them, slood huddled together speechless Avith au'e and grief by the bedside M'hcn their father came in. Tfe.'V did not know what to say to their mother in such circumstances. They had ne\er talked to her about herself, but ahvays about- li' in- seh'cs ; and now they Avcro entirely at a lo- ' after they had said, " Iluw are you, imnmna? are you very hail, mamma? Oh, Rin so sorry;" and 44 Oh, ! Avish you M'ere better." What could hoys of 12 and 14 say? For the moment tliey felt as »i their hearts Avero broken ; but they did no;. Avant to stay there; they had nothing ('> say to her. Their pang of sudden trouble M'as confused M'ith shyness and awkward ness, and their consciousness that shc/.vns altogether iu another atmosphere Mid another world. Mrs. Kingsward M'as not a clever Avonian, but she understood miracu lously what was in those inarticulate yoneg souls. She kissed them both, drawing ouch close to her "for a moment, and then b.uh them run aAvay. 44 Were you having a good game 7" she said, with that ineffable feeble smile. 44 Go and finish it, my darlings." Ami they stumbled out very awkuau'diy, startled t o meet t heir father s look as they tinned round, and greatly disturbed and mystified altogether, though consoled some- how by their mother's look. They said to each other after a M'hile Ih'it she looked 44 jolly bad," but that she M'as in such good spirits it must he all right. Their father avus us much mystified as they: but ho avus troubled in conscience as if he bad not spoken plainly enough, had not made it clear enough what 44 her stale " was. She had not asked for the cleryyinan- she had not asked for anything. Was it neces sary that lie should speak again? There was one. tiling she had near her, but that so fantastic a thing !— a photograph, one of the quantities of such rubbish the girls and sho had brought home— a Avcnnan Avrapped in a mantle floating in the air. 44 Take that tiling away," lie said to Monkey, it irritated him to see a frivolous tiling like that— a twopenny- halfpenny photo graph—so near his u'ife's bed. 44 .Don't take it away," she said in a Avhispcr, to Avhich hor voice had sunk, 44 it gives mo such pleasure." 44 RIeusuro !" he cried ; even to speak oi pleasure M'as Avrong at such a moment. And then he added, 44 Would you like me to read to you 7 Would you like to see— anyone 7" "To see anyone? M'hom should I wisk lo see hut vou, Edward, and the children ?" 44 Wo haven't been— ko religious, my dear, as perhaps avo ought," stammered the anxious num. 44 If I sent for — Mr. BuldAviu» pfttliapa : to read the prayers for the siclc i and — and talk to you a little':" She looked at him with some wonder for :i moment, and then alio naid with a nnilc, M Ves, 3es ; by all meaim, Edward, it' you will like it. " 11 X shall certainly like it, my den-rest; and ifc is right — it is what we should all wish to do at tho " He could not nay at the last —lie could not say when we are dying — it was too much tor him ; but certainly she must understand now. And he went away hurriedly to call the clergyman, tiuit no more time might be lost. "Moulscy," said Aim Kingsward, 11 have Wc come then quite — to the end now?" t% Oh, ma'am ! Oh, my dear lady !" Moulscy said . My husband— scorns to think so. It is a i little hard — to leave them all. Where is Beo ?" "I am hero, mamma." said a broken voico- And the mother's haiut was caught u,nd hold tight, as she liked it to be. 44 May Betty come too?" 41 Yes, let Betty come. It is you I want, not Mr. Baldwin!" "Mr. Baldwin is a good man, ma'am. Ile'll bo a comfort- to them and to the Colonel." u Yes, I suppose so ; 1m will he a comfort to— your father. Bub I don't want auyonc. , I hayen't done very much harm— — " "No ! oh no, ma'am, none !" said Moulsny, while Betty, thrown on Iter knees by the bedside, tried to smother her sobs, and Bee, worn out, and feeling as if she felt nothing, sat and held her mother's hand. "Bub then," she said, " I've never, never, done any good." 44 Oh ! my dear lady, my dear lady! and all tho poor people, and all tho children." 44 Hush ! Moulscy. 1 never gave anything —not a bit of bread, not a shilling — but because I liked to do it. Never ! oh, never ! from any good motive. I always liked to do it. It was my pleasure. It never cost me anything. I have done no good in my life. I just liked the poor children, that was all, nml thought if they were my own— oh ! Bee, and Betty, try to he bettor women— dili'erunt from me. Betty, who was so young, crept nearer and nearer on her knees, till she came to the head of the bud. She lifted up Iter tear- stained face, "Mother ! oh, mother ! are you frightened?" she cried. Mrs. Kingsward put forth her other arm and put it feebly round the weeping girl. "Perhaps I ought lo be — perhaps I ought to be!" she said, with a little thrill and quaver. 44 Mother," said Betty, pushing closer and closer, almost pushing Bee away, "ill had bceu wicked, ever so wicked, I shouldn't be frightened for you." A heavenly smile came over the mother's face. 44 1 should think not, indeed." And then Betty, in the silence of the room, pub her hands together, and said, very softly, 44 Our .Father, which art in Heaven " 44 Oh, children, children," cried Moulscy, "doiiJt break our hearts ! She's too weak to bear it. Leave her alone." 44 Yes, go away, children dear, go awav. 3 have to rest — to see Mr. Baldwin." Then she smiled, and said in gasps, 44 To tell the truth — I'm — I'm not n Irani: look—'' She pointed to the picture i y Iter bed-tide. 4' So easy — so easy ! just resting — and the Saviour will put out his hand and lake me in." Air. Baldwin came soon after, the good Teclor, who was a good man, but who be hoved he had the keys, and (hut what he bound on earth was bound in Heaven — or, at least, ho thought he believed so— with Colonel Kingsward, who felt that he was thus fulfilling all righteousness, and that this was the proper way in which to approach the everlasting doors. He put awav the little picture iu which Catherine of Sienna lay in the hold of the angels, in the perfect peace of life accomplished— tho rest that was so easy and so sweet— hastily, with displeasure and contempt. He did not Wish the Hector to s< o thn childish thing in which his wife hud taken pleasure, nor oven that she had been taking pleasure at all at such a solemn moment : even that she should smile the same smile of welcome willi which she would have greeted her kind neighbor bad she been in Iter usual place in the drawingroom disturbed her husband. .So near death and yet able to think of that! He watched her face as the Hector read the tisual prayers. Did she ent er into them, did situ understand them? lie could scarcely 30m in them himself in his anxiety to make sure that she felt and knew what was her 44 stale," and was preparing --preparing to meet her (lod. Thai- Dud was awaiting severely the appearance ot that soul before lum, tho Colonel could not but feel, lie would not have said so in words, but the ins! mo tive conviction iu his hcai t was s i. When she looked round for the little pirtmv it. hurt him like a sting. Oh, if slur would but think of the things that, concerned her peace—not of follies, cliildi.sli distractions, amusements lor the fancy. On her side the poor lady was conscious more or less of all that was going Oil, understood hero and there the prayers that were going over her head, prayers of others for her, rather than anything to be said by herself. In the midst of them she felt herself already, like St. Catherine, lloat- ingaway into inoUablo peace, then coming hack again to hear the sacred words, to see the little circle round her on their knees, and to smile upon them in an utter calm of weak ness without pain, feeling only that they were good to her, thinking of her, which was sweet, but knowing little nuw. It was the most, serene and cloudless night after this terrible day. A littdeafter Colonel Kingsward had left the room linally and shut himself up in his study, Moulscy took the two girls out into tho garden, through a window which opened upon it. 44 Children, go and breathe the sweet air. J 11 not have you in a room to break your hearts. Cook up vendor — yonder where she's gone," said the kind nurse who hud done everything for their mother. And they stole out - two little ghosts, overborne with the dreadful burden of humanity, the bunion which none of us can shake oil', and crept- across lhu grass In the seat where she hud been used to sit among tho children. The night was peace itself — not a breath stirring, a young moon with something wistful iu her light looking down, making the garden bright as with a softened ethereal day. A lino of white cloud dimly detached from the softness of t he blue lay far oil' towards the west amid the radi ance, a long faint line aa of something in the far distance. Bee ami Betty stood and gazed at it with eyes and hearts overcharged, each leaning upon tho other. Their young souls wore touched with awe and an awful quiet. They were too near the departure to have fallen down as yet into the vacancy and emptiness of re- awakening life. " Oh," they aaicl, 44 if that should be her?" And why should it not be? Unless perhaps there was a quicker way. They watched it with that sob in the throat which is of all sounds and sensation the most over whelming. It seemed to them as if they wore watching her a little further ou Iter way, to the very horizon, till the soft dis- 1 tauco closed over, and that speck like a sail upon the sea could lie seen no more. And when it was gone they sank down logellter upon her seat, under tho tiers she loved, Wlicrc the children had played and tumbled on the grass about Iier, and talked oi lier - in broken words, a little phrase now and thou, sometimes only 44 Mother," or 44 Oh, mamma, mamma," now from one, now from another — in that first extraordinary exalta tion and anguish which is not yet grief. (To be continued.) 