GEMS FllOM THE SCHOOL ROOM. Miss A. C. Giuiiam, of Ancrley, has | received a prizo from tlie University Cor resdondent for tho host collection of school boy " misUkos" j and they aro printed in tho ourrcnt number of that periodical. In an accompanying letter Mies Graham says" When I learned one day the remarkable fact that 'Ilnied and Odossao translated Euripides,' t felt that the time had como for aotion; I was filled with a burning desire to share with others iny joy in these facts; and as a iccanB of spread ing the 'New Learning,' I began to collect from examination papers and answers in clues whatever would throw rje light on old subjects. I have been ( pe years at it now, and have pleasure iBending you the subjoined twelve extracts from my •rr.ma' Vl.n.r nr„ .11 hnrnA.M, tho Bpelliup and punctuation being unchanged ; in most cases I have etili the original documents bom which they are taken." Among " selected specimens " from Miss Grahum and others, given by our contemporary, are the following :— Divimtv.—Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a pub lisher for a bottle of potash.—Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the synagogue aud hod their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak; therefore tho Jewsluui no dealings with the Samaritans. —TituB was a Roman Emperor—supposed to have written the Ems tie to the Hebrews —his other name was Dates. English Historv. —Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ireuuid. When he.was in prison he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress "; and married a lady called Mrs. (PSbea.— Wolsey was a famous general who fonght in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated , several times, said to.Crom well, "Ah ! if 1 had only served yon as you have served me, I would not'have been deserted in my okfage." Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Welling ton ; a monument was ereobed to him in Hyde Pork, bat it.has been taken down lately.—Who was Henry HI.! A zealous supporter of the Church, audited a Diasen try.—What is Divine Right? The liberty to do what you like in Church.—What is a Papal Bull ? A sortof cow„oulylarger and does not give milk.—Perkfd Worbeck raised a rebellion in the , reign of Henry Vlll. He said. lie was the eon of a prince, but he was really the eon of respectable people. Definitions. —Phamicions. —The. invent ors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal,—A native of Bechuana, in South Africa. Chimaera.—A thing used to tako like nesses with. Watershed.—A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gender. —Is tbe way whereby wo toll what sex a man is. Cynical.—A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immacu late.—State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London Univer sity. Hydrostatics.—Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Language and Literature.— Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endy mion, which brought on consumption.— The sonnet.is a thing that has its first four lines two moteors^quartau) and in last six two meteors (turzettel.—Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention'of Christianity 697 A.IX,when tho nobility and gentry spoke Latin-French and the Danes,settled the throne for nearly thirty years.■ Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost bad told him. Ho was very good to his mother. He pro fains madness, he really only pot it on but some people say be was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if he would have something to drink & be had put poiain in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs (lis father & drinks tbe poisin and dies.— What do yon understand by the Aaguetan age in English Literature! We mean the time of Ctedmon, who flourished and wrote *' Comus " about tbetime that St. Augus tine converted tho.people of Kent. Miscellaneous.—Briefly describe the heart, and its function or work.—The heart is a conical shaped bag. The heart is divided into severe! parts by a fleshy peti tion. These parts are called right artillery, left artillery, and eo forth. The function of the heart is between the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute.—What is a volcano! A volcano is a very powerful rock.—What is the meaning of nter de glacef Mother of glass.—Wnat are fossils? Fossils ate those remains of plants and animals which keep best when left to themselves.—What fossil remains do we find of fishes? In some rocks we find the fossil footprints of fishes.—What are the metamorpbie rocks? Bocks that contain metaphors.—"What is the matter?" queried a teacher. " Yon seem to be rather uncomfortable there." "I've got the interjection, sir," was the unexpected reply.—Explain the words fort and for tress. A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women in.—What is a Republican ? A Republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bihffe,—The", volcanoes in Europe. Sodbmianfin 