RETRIBUTION. CHIIAPTER VII. JamEn liUssEL.L MOkLEvY Esq. of London, as he , .esribed himsolf in the visitor's book, .. Ia notable device il his head, of iae successful carrying out of which he was conlident. It was to marry, with her love if he might, to marrt anyhow, a young and beautiful and v', althy and well-born woman; and thus at ono, to gratify pocket and pasoi]n. He lid the i;tlusencs the possession of ai guilty scret gives over the mother of the lady hn rait so bent on winning, if not wooing, and intenruded to use it to the utmost, if theroeby ho could advance his end. He doubted somowhat of his own powers of fas cination; but even here he was not hopeless, and intended to pose as the solid man of mature years and diao oration rather than the youthful and passionato lover. Somehow or other he had got hold of younog Royston, the son, and had boon connected with him in various financial schemes, Rloyston lilo in herited his fathor's questionable taste for questionable ventures; and Morley bad in one way and another, by hook and by crook, involved him in various matters he had far better have left alone, Thus Morley felt confidont in him self, and in the strength of that coo fidence he proposed to push his ad vanhes, I do not know that one would speci ally select the dinner-table noas the spot chosen of beauty to be doescribed at; butfaet is stronger than choice, nod it was at a dinner-table that the beauty he sought was seated. Marie Royston was, in the fullest moaning of the word, a beautiful girl, or rather woman, for there was no suggoestion of the immature about her. The southorn blood in her veins had not affected her English colouring, but had added warmth and perhaps a deeper tinge to eyes and hair than she had otherwise possessed. But the pure whiteness of skin was unaltered; though a warmer glow swept under its soft smoothness than was common with her chill northern sisters, Her French blood showed, perhaps, in fuller gesture and a more pointed way of speaking than is common with English women; who, having the grandost languago in the world in which to express their thoughts, or the want of them, make a point of speaking it as though they were ashamed of it. The lady who was sitting with her at table bore a distant, yet distinct, likeness to her. But the daughter was of a much higher type than the mother. There was a want of power and ex cese of passion in Madame, or as she preferred to be called, Mrs. Royston's face, which made it compare un favourably, without regarding ma tronly development as against youth ful grace, with her daughter. But she, too, was an exceedingly charming woman, and many were the envious glances east at the young gentleman who had the priviloge-a privilege he seemed fully cognisnut of -of playing attendant cavalier, and of eating at the same table with them. It was onl this gentleman tlhat Mor ley's eyes fell as he came up the room. Arthur Bertram was not the form or fashion of man that would favourably appeal to one who regarded all men, in a certain quarter at least, as rivals. And Mr. Morley's feelings we re not those of charity as he came up to the unconscious object of a very evil scowl. "D-- him I " said McIrley to him self. " Is be the someone else ? " But he en00 tip suavely enoeugh, and made his salutations, and took his seat at a table near theirs ; for the dinner at the "Queen's" was served at. nlumer ous small or separate tables to allow of lamily or other parties dining by them solves. When dinner was over he again joined Mrs. lRoyston and the others, as they sat outside on the balcony. He was sure of his welcome from the elder lady, though the motives which Sgoverned her were hardly those a man who cared for others' good opinion would care his friends to be swayed by. "And you have heard nothing of your brother ? " le heard Miss RIoys ton's companion ask, us he approached. "No, Mr.Bertram," was thoanswer; but that hardly makes us wonder. My brother is so erratic, and so given to sudden changes, that we are never surprised at anything he don) or does not do." Morley's face twitched as he. heard the question and its light-hearted answer. Had they only known I Bertram I Surely this was a freak of fati ; and if this man was the maan he might very well be, then he hold a weapon he might use with deadly effect, be he evwr so mu1h the " some one else." The shock of surprise, if indeed this Bertram was the Berram, and the girl's mention of her brother, stag gered him; and turning, he went out and betook himself to his ever-sought support-a strong dose of brandy. "And you think he may take it into his head to go flying off to-any where without saying a word ?" ques tioned Bertram, going on with bi. talk. " Oh, yes; it would be nothing un emmom,; aud we may not hear any thing of him for an ago." "Your mother must net care for that." " No. But he has pretty well * broken us in,' as he says, ts his ways ;.nd she is used to them." Mrs. Royston had gone to get some thing or other from her room. "I don't think I should leave my people so much," said Arthur. "Ahb but sisters and mothers-" "Such sisters and mothers I" broke in Arthur. " Ah I we are somebody else's," laughed Miss IRoyston. "That makes some differende, doesn't it ?" She turned her chair to look at him, and Arthur thought he had never seen such a lovely neck, or such softly arched eyes. The low murmur of the sea was not I more musicel than her voice. hIt. Morley, making his way back 111 1he1 across) the crowdrd b,2oony, sw the leok Arthur gavo her, anl noted the evident good terms they seomed to be on with one another. " You sooem very interested in my brother's movemoents," went on Miso IRoyston, laughingly. "I did not know you knew him so very well." "Nor do I," answered Arthur though I liked him very much, what I saw of him. But, well, he's your brother," finished he, naively. Miss Iloyston laughed. The voice of a paper- boy, calling tbho evenig papers, out across the low babel of sound on the balcony with a harsh distintuceess. "Did you ask to have the evenin' paper, sir 7" said a deferenutial waiter, coming up to Arthur. "No I did," said Morley, suddenly intercepting him, and taking the paper. He opened it, and his eye fell at once on a column in large type, tolling all that was known, and much that was not, of the " Mystery of the City," as the headline not it forth. His face was very white, and he bit his lips hard as he road, but other sign of agitation gave he none. And coolly, while the dead man's eliter sat in front of him, with her light amilo of girlish happiness upon her lovely face, unklnowing and heedless, ihe read the account of the finding of that broken body. cIIAPTER VIII, A fortnight passed away. Arthur Bertram had remained at Eastbourno, and had certainly beeoon distinctly at. tentive to the Rloystons. And Mr. Morley was so often with them that he seoomed one of the party, He had cortainly played his game well. He hardly knew how to noset about forestalling Bertram directly, while the knowledge that, if it ever wont so far, ho could at any time forbid the banns, so to speak, at once gave him confidence in his own position, and made him loth to interfere rashly and possibly less effectually than he could if he bided his time. A stray hint or two to Mrs. Royston was all ho had ventured on. But on the whole he was satisfied with himself and his position. The " City Mystery " was a mystory still; and, as Morley had foreseen, the publio excitement was dying away. The Roystons, used to their relation's erratic movements, thought nothing of his silence and absence. Everything pointed to the safe development of his plans. Ho had avoided having Belle Milton down, that lady having accepted a sporting nobleman's offer of a house at Maiden head for the hot weather, whence she wrote occasionally to Morley. Even she seemed less full of that dark night's work than he had feared; a coming on of forgetfulness with which, it is to be feared, however, a good deal of champagne and curagoa had muchl to do. And neither he nor any of the others know or thought, could have known or thought, and would haveys smiled had they known, that a mad woman, turning over old letters on Brixton Hill, had her hands already on the cleos of a long-passed but un forgotten, unrequited wrong, which would lead her, a very spirit of ven. geauce, to something which would change all their lives. What ven geance can prompt a woman to do, even to her own deep degradation, can be seen in the Crawford v. Dilke case. Mr. Morley, also, leisurely drinking a brandy-and-soda and smoking hIis after-breakfast cigar, did not know of sundry interviews which had taken place between Mr. Jack Bates of the Dials and one Bob, a hansom cab driver. Had he known this, and that Mr. Bates' demands for what was really hush-money increased and lessened not, and that Bob was in despair and seeking wildly for his patron, and, finding him not, becoming rapidly desperate, ho might have found there that crumpled rose-loaf which dis turbo the Sybarito's repose. But he didn't. So it chanced one afternooni that the Roystons and Arthur Bertram woent for a drive to Beachy Head. When they had reached the top, and, leaving their carriage, went along the cliff edge, Mrs. Royston sat down, while the others strolled on. And it ehauooed that Arthur, staying to looks at a distant vessel tacking against the wind, let his conmpanion got a little way in front of him. When he turned from regarding the ship, he saw something which maude his face white as the sun-kissed sails. Marie had ventured too near the cliff.edge, and looking euriously over to the beach below over the aseer descent of cliff, had bean seized with one of those fits of vertigo which are amongst the ugliest perils of mou tainooring. She stood there helpless; and was shaking with the horror and the violence of the attack which had as sailed her. Even is she tottered on the very brink of the odge-how he never keow-Arthur reashed her side ; and, seiziug her by the waist, throw him oelf back. - She wis saved I " Marie," he said in a moment; "I did not hurt you, did I2" For the girl was half-sitting, half-lying, on thc grass, with a dazed look on her faee. As he spoke she looked up at him, and putting out her haud to him, said softly : "Arthur, you have saved my life." Neither noticed nor thought of the cireumstance, but they never had called each other by their Christian names before. Arthur took the pioffered hand. " Mario," he said, kneeling at her side; "if I have saved your life, and were it not for your danger I should rejoice for this chance ; do you know had, had-" He broke off. That soar horror was more than ice could bear. Marie pressed thi hand that held hols,. " Ohs! my darling," Arthur went on hurriedly; "do you know had you fallen, I chould have jumped after you ? I could not hays stood here, acnd coue cloce so." " iet that would hIvo been very wicked," said Marie; but there was no very great reproach in hebar voice. She looked a little shaken, and small wonder; but otherwise the risk that might have been so fatal had not apparently troubled her much. And aus Arthur suddenly bent over her, a lovely warm colour rose to hebar cheeks. " Mario," said he, and his voice vibrated with a force of passion which swept him on a very current of love " Mario, you said I had savod your life; will you give me the right to always save it ? Will you be my wife 2" On Marie's face came a glow of soft colour; in her eyes the shining of a great light. "'You saved my life," she said, very softly, but very clearly. "I will give yon, I have given you, my soul in re turn." And still kneeling (and never knelt more fervent pilgrim at a fairorebrinel), Arthur Bertram leant across and sealed that sweet confession, with the first lover's hise on those pure, proud lips, whoso purity was now his in the sweet abandonment of a life'h passion -whose pride was willingly giving itself up in the loved-one's dear humility. Three more days passed ; but they were not dave of calm. To Arthur and Marie, indeed, there was much of happiness, yet to both there came something of doubt and disappointment. Mrs, Royston had sald little; but her lack of approval ecemed strange to Marie, for she know her mother liked Arthur, and to his qualifications, from the marriageo-market point of view, there was nothing against him there. Yet Mrs. Royston seemed to have something she did not say; but which weighed much with her against the proposed match; and Arthur had found on his return from that momen tous drive, a letter from his father asking how long he proposed staying in Erastbourne, and evidently covering a desire for further information as to the general doings of his son. On that same evening Mr. Morley had a letter which disgusted and die. comfited him not a little. It was a disreputable and not too legible epistle, sent on from a London address, setting forth Bob's difficulties and troubles with Mr. Bates, and darkly but distinctly hinting at secret knowledge which might be used to his (Morley's) great disadvantage. The demands were not heavy, and, though annoyed, Morley felt it would pass without much harm to him, and he promised himself a rich and full taking-it.-out of Bob, and Bob's con federate-if there was one-when the time came, and come Morley would take care it should. But lie learnt Something that night which did trouble him greatly. Mrs. Royston's evasive replies, when he endeavoured to discovdr something of the fact from her, made him sure that the " someone olse " he had feared had compassed his purpose. Angry at having let things go so far, he had so far forgotten his part as almost undisguisedly to threaten Mrs. Royston; and finding her not so pli able to his hints as he desired, hlie de termined at once to use the power he possessed. But he must first obtain the papers he had left in town. He could not bring himself to leave Eastbourne, and indeed he was exceedingly averse to going to the city at all himself. So he blessed the foresight which had made him think of utilising Belle Milton. And he despatched at once a letter giving her instructions what to do, and bidding bher bring them herself, and at once. Thouen hlie had nothing to do but to wait, which he did in a fever of hurry and impatience, which grew at last an absolute torture. Belle received his letter in iher up river retreat, and, much though she bshrank from the task, at once Set about it. Morley told her to go to the city the day after eho had his letter, to give an enclosed note to the mainaging clerk at the office of Cunningham and Co., and then to catch a certain train to Eastbourne, which he would meet. With much inward lirinring, which needed considerable stimulating power ia the form of brandies-and-sodae to hearten her for the visit, shel made her way to the city on the day hlie named. She chanced to be alone, with the exception of the servants, at the time, and had consequently no difficulty in doing as she wanted, or rather was compelled to do, in the matter. In the crowded daytime the build ing she remembered as ai place of Silence and mystery, had little of its horror, and rho presented her creden tials to the strirking clerk, who at once, and with much obsequious at tention, showed her into the inner. office of his chief. He would have stayed ; but Belle, though she dearly longed for company, waved him out, and in desperate haste unlocked the safe Morley had pointed out to her, and took the papers, few and common-plaee to all appearance, it contained. She fastened them securely in the bosom of her dress, and cams hastily out of the office. Refusing the clerk's proffered es cort, she hurried away, and had her self driven at once to the station. She had no great timerto spare, and was too hurried to much notice a dark, gaunt form, hidden as it were in a long black cloak, that seemingly re garded her curiously and listened with strange intentness to her voice as she took her tidket and afterwards arranged about her luggage. For Belle, true to the istineto of her order, had no small array of bag gags, though she was going at so short notice on so unusual an errand. But as she looked out from her car riags window, she caught a glimpse of the strange, intout face looking eruarnestly at her, as that dark form passed. Just for au instant their eyes met, and a carious sane of recognition came upon both. Then the stranger was hurried forward to her place ; and Belle sank back on her cushions with a sigh of relief. When, some hours later, the train ran into Eastboarne selation, the day, which had beeoon but dark and gloomy, had changed into one of wind and rain- storm. Though early in the evening the station was dark; and Bollo at first did not sea Morley, until he came forward and called her by name. Suddenly turning, she saw the dark form of the strange woman she had noticed at Lonedon standing besida her. " Ahl, Jim I" she cried; " thank goodness you are here I What an awful evening I" "Yes," answered Morley, glumly; "and we had it all day, and nice it is I" and he cursed the climate with unction. The strange woman listened in tently, and a look that had been delight, only there seemed so little joy in it, crossed her face. " Come, let's get off," said Morley; and they moved down the platform. The dark form kept near them, and in the gloom neither noticed her; though she etood close by when the luggage was put on the cab, and heard the direction he shouted to the driver, When their cab had left the station yard a few minutes she called one and had herself driven to the same street. At the corner she got down, dismissed the cab, and,'.regardloos of the storm and rain, walked slowly down the strooeet till she found the number oshe had heard Morley give. It was a new street, and many houses were unlet. The next one to the one she wanted was so; and after a glance at the place, she mounted the portico and stood lintoning. From her place of refuge she could see, when sheo leant over the low para pet dividing the entrance she was on from that of the next house, into part of the front room of that house. The gas was alight, and the curtain un drawn. The fury of the storm had passed, and the rain coneased, Presently a man's form appeared at the window and opened it. "This place is suffocating," he said. What did the woman want to light a fire for ? Come here; there's no one to hear us, and they wouldn't make much of it if they did." Then a woman's form' camo into the watsher's view. The man began talking. He spoke quietly, but with em phasis ; and the watcher at the door heard and understood all. Had she ever doubted the carrying out of her purpose, Annette would have felt sure of it now. She listened very patiently and carefully, till she felt she had the facts of the matter, as far as she was in terested, at least, with the mono maniac's idiosynorasy. Though keen and ready on the points she felt her self concerned with, the others passed her unmarked. Morley finished at last. He had been talking principally, Belle only now and again joining in. Breaking a momentary silence, she said "I thought I saw a ghost to-day; and an ugly ghost too I" " Oh I hang you and your ghosts I What do you want to talk about such things for ?" " Well, I did think it was the ghost of Annie-grown ugly and old." " A queer look crossed the watcher's face. "Where is she ?" went on Belle. " Your sister, do you mean ?" said Morley, "I neither know nor care. Gone to the devil no doubt. She was neither as clover nor as wicked as you, you see." " She hadn't the advantage of your training when so young, as I had," laughed Belle ; "I don't care either -only I thought I'd ask." The watcher's face changed at the heartlessness of the tones. "Well, I must be going," said Morley ; "with these "-he touched some papers on the table-"I can win how I will-and win I will I" As he spoke it came very clear to Aunette's mind what she had to do, and how she had to do it. Now she know why she had been " sent," as she felt it, on this wild journey of hers. Fooling in her pocket, as though for something she might need, she stepped over the dividing parapet, and tried the door of the next house. It was unlocked. She opened it, and entering turned to the door at her side, and passed swiftly and silently into the room where Morley and Belle were seated. She entered so softly that they did not hear her. For a moment she stood while her eyes grew accustomed to the light. Then just as Morley, rising, was about to take up some papers lying on the table, she passed swiftly up the room'and seized them. Their hands touched. With a cry, Mbrley started back. Quick as thought Annette caught up the papers, and springing acroso the room threw them on the fire. The bright flame devoured them in a mo ment. Morley gave a yell of rage and dashed forward. But Auuotte stood in front of the fire and faced him. " No, James Morley," she said; " that bit of villainy is spoilt." " Who the devil are you ?" cried he, furiously, yet looking at her in half bewilderment-the whole thing was so unexpected, so strauge. " What are you ?" faintly gasped Bell,. "What am I? Who am I?" aeked Annette, with the bitterness of heavy wrong in her voice. She throw back her cloak and hood and stood bareheaded before them. " I am your sister," she said, in a tone of intolerable contempt to Belle. " Ask him what I am-what he made me ?" " Annie 1" gasped Belle. " Aye-Annie," answered Annette, and the scorn of the fallen angels was in her voice. "Had you forgotten me ? It is a long while-a long while since you left me to starve, and took my sister, a child. How could you-how could you 2" Morley's face grow ghastly in its white passion; and Boll stared as though hot iron had touched her. " And now I come back to you I" Her voice hissed out the words at him. "And just in time to 1way another debt. You would wrong Arthur Bertram. You never shall. His father saved me from a living hell. For his son's oake I will send you to an eternal one I" Morley's lips moved. "For you," she said, turning to Bello, "do not think it mercy that I do not serve you as I will him. That would be mercy, or God might re member hie if I billed yon now. Live to curse your life I" Bello shuddered, and made an ap pealing gesture with her hands. "No; sister of mine though you be, I sinned, but I sinned for love, and for need; you sinned for the sin's sake. You stole my lover when you were a child. You have boon a shame to your sex sines." The words were as blows with some cruel whip. "Wait till that cursed beauty goes -till drink has swollen your body and drowned your soul, and your fools and lovers have gone-wait till you have tasted all the bitterness of want and nameless degrodation; and when at last you go, and this ehball come to you, from the last foulness of your life to the fearsome death in the river remember, I told you of it." As she spoke, looking at her sister, who crouched like some frightened child in the chair, she had not noticed Morley's movements. He had stealthily possessed himself of a table.knife from the sideboard upon which he was leaning, and plunged it furiouely into her stomach. She saw but could not avoid the blow; but oven asno she felt it she levelled her pietol and fired. The ball went home. With a gasp, Morley threw up his arms, the knife falling with a loud clat ter, and he fell against the table, and then with a horrible thud to the ground. Where had Belle Milton heard the heavy ill-sound before? With a shriek of terror she looked up, SHer sister was standing with one hand supporting her on the table; the blood streaming froin the wound, and she fell to the ground. The unutterable horror of it all cames over Belle as an overwhelming torrent, and she sprang to her feet, wildly shrieking : "Murder I Murder l" "Murder !" gasped a strange choked voice, as Annette staggered against the table, and her face worked as though in uncontrolable agony " murder I No ; it is retribution I" A gush of blood poured from her mouth; she gave an inarticulate cry and fell dead across the dead body of her victim. And when the startled people of the house came in fear and wonderment to learn the cause of the uproar, that was what they found. OrCAPTER ix. The excitement such a tragedy caused was seriously discounted, as far as Arthur and the Royotons were concerned, by important personal news which came to them on the morning that Eastbourne woke up to the fact that it had achieved distinction with a first.class seusation. Arthur, indeed, was threatened with a coroner's sub poesna, but as he could but have proved identity of the dead man with Mr. Morley of the " Queen's," he escaped. And very little evidence was forth coming. Belle was too ill to give evidence it was doubtful if she would recover; but her well-known antecedents and the other circumstances pointed to an explanation of the affair, which satie fled the public : a discarded mistress, and a woman's vengeance, was the explanation the world accepted. Arthur's letter from his father pro. vided something which occupied him and hie friends to the exclusion of all else. The doctor wrote kindly, if rather coldly; but the matter of his letter surpassed its manner. He declared he could urge no ob jection to the match, as lie was as sured that to prevent itevould result in life-long disappointment, an opinion in which Arthur and Marie declared warmly they fully agreed. He had had a most flattering offer from the government to preside over a commission going, under official patronage, on a roving medical tour through Europe and America, and he had decided to accept it. He had to start almost immediately; but ha did not wish that to prevent the early union of his son and his choice ; they could be married without him. He sent his love to Marie, and a case of the most magnificent diamonds she had over sson ; but he wished his determination to be uncontested. All pecuniary arrangements he left to his solicitor, and Arthur ws ad vised to consult Mr. Simpson speedily. "You will be risk," said the doctor's letter; " don't forget that wealth is a trast." If Arthur want:d to know anything further he was to ask Mrs. Royston ; but he was advised to lot the dead past lie undisturbed. "Some day you may know," said the doctor, " and then, I doubt not, you will understand." And this was the doctor's expiation. THE Ecu. 