St. Paul's Annual Entebtainkent.— We would again direct the attention of our readers to the annual entertainment in aid of St. Panl's Church of England, to be held in the Mechanics' to-morrow evening. A capital programme, in which a number of the leading amateurs of the district will take part, wul be presented, and in addition to this there will be a tableau and a sparkling comedietta to finish up the entertainment. The charges are moderate, and when the deserving nature of the entertainment, and the excellence of the programme is considered, there should be no doubt of the performance being greeted by a bumper house. The Weather.—Snnday was certainly the hottest day of the season, as was felt by those who took part in the procession of friendly societies to the gardens. At Melbourne Observatory at 2 p.m. 100 deg in the shade was recorded. The weather yesterday was somewhat close and sultry. A Catholic Carnival.—As will be seen by our advertising columns,, the twelfth anniversary Catholic Carnival will be held at Daylesford on Tuesday, January 2. A capital programme of athletic sports and horse races has been prepared, and in addition there will be a hurling match Eyneton, Lanriston, and district v Bungaree and district. A sHver-motmted hurley will be presented to the captain of the winning team. Special trains are to be laid on, an< ^ every facility will be offered to the people of the Kyneton district for attending and enjoying a good day's onting. • . "The Anarchist Odtkage. —On our fourth page in the cablegram news will be found an account of a diabolial outage A bomb being thrown from the stranger's, gallery the Chamber of Deputies France. The following late cablegram has been received on the snbject.—A man of the name of Marechal, a weU-tnown French anarchist, has been arrested, as the author of the dynamite outrage in the Chamber of Deputies, on Saturday afternoon. Evidence has been obtained which points conclusively to Marechal as the mac'who hurled the bomb from one of the galleries, several eye-witnesses being prepared to give testimony against him. Marechal himself was injured by the explosion of the bomb, and has been convoyed to the hospital, where he lies closdy guarded. The Berlin Press, commenting upon the ont. rage, advises that international agreement should be arrived at between the European powers for dealing with anarchists, and that no protection should be afforded to them by any country. Tee Stbuan-Bobebtson Settlement.— In another column will befonnd a letter from Mr Bobertson,of the above settlement, North Blackwood, in answer to letter signed " Fair Play" in our last issue. Mr Robertson writes ns to state that he has not received any assistance monetary or otherwise fromthe Government He states that lie looks more to the immediate district, as the settlement is for the benefit of all. Mr Bobertson also states that he has arranged for the purchase of the millsite, null, engine, horses, plant ic., from Mr Laver for the settlement. Sunday Trains.—The excursion trains to Femtree Golly. andHealeeville attracted a larger patronage yesterday (writes the Argus) than on the first Snnday, although the weather was so very hot The number of tickets issued for Ferntree Gully was 1055—934 at Prince's-bridge and 131 at roadside stations—and three special trains were required to convey the passengers. For Healesville the number of tickets issued was 466—407 at Prince's bridge and 69 at roadside stations—and two trains were ran. The revenue from the Ferntree Gully traffic amounted to £96 8s Id, and from ihe Healesville traffic to £58 8s 6d, or a total of £162 16s 7d. Another Gouge.—It has been arranged that at the Total Abstinence Qbciety's meeting on ThnrsdAy evening the Bev J. H. Price should deliver an address, bat that gentleman's indispositon will- prevent him carrying out bis engagement. 7%e; £ev. B. Poynder. of SK John's, Malmsbrpy, has oome to the rescue, and will deliver from memory J. B. Cough's celebrated <otaiion " For the sake of others." ... Railway Officials TWnbfebred. — Mr Watson, who has for -several months filled the position of booldng-clerk at the local railway etation, leaves for Melbourne, having" been transferred. Mr Ellis, .from Anburn station, arrived yesterday, and succeeds Mr Watson. A Buboes' Picnic.—Yesterday afternoon a special train passed through the Kyneton etation bonnd forBedesdale. Hie passengers yrece the' jury in the celebrated n line and the stations and reserves oonnected with it i The Octoboon.—We understand that the committee of the Catholic Carnival,* to be hdd at lHyWo^ ^ Taasday, 2nd i January^ have^ Teipiested the^ Xynetoh i l ' Amateor Dramatic Clnbto jfire aperform- «nce «f T The .ftctoroon" in aid of fond/ ASHOCBiHoCEIM^ABhocki was JMaoted jwfc ^TVBau^Jpn ttelicenseeof the CriaBtSs' AimB Hotel, aaitwratBly School Examination.—The Lanriston State school, No. 1083, wab examined on Wednesday. 6th inst., by Mr H. E. Bix, BX, the district inspector, and obtained a result percentage of 89—an increase of 7 per cent on the previous examination. The scholars had at their instance very tastefully decorated their school roomB for the eventful occasion, and their efforts in this direction gave evidence of their keen interest in this test of the result of their year's labours. Accounts are awaiting payment at the Eyneton Sub- Treasury for the following :— Jnp. Corby, Geo. Took, Geo. Murphy, M. Byan, and Jas. O'Brien. WOODEND AND GlSBOBHB AOBIFEBOUS Pbosfects. — Mr Reginald Murray, the Government geologist has prepared a report on the probability of gold being found in payable quantities in the Black Forest on the Dividing Range to the west of Woodend. The country consists of silnrian ranges, intersected by numerous gullies and creeks, and plentifully traversed by veins and reefs of quartz. Though all the usual geological indications of the existence of gold are present, very little of the metal has been found beyond occasional " colours," except in two places. The fine gold traced in a narrow "run" along a gully near the headof. the Campaspe for a short distance from it" head has evidently been derived from some local source which should be discoverable, though from the small quantity of the alluvial gold it is hardly to be expected that such source will prove very rich. The other locality is on the south of the main divide among the head waters of Gisborne Creek. At Golden Golly a deep narrow watercourse, which has been worked for about a quarter of a mile, is said to have yielded very well, all the gold being more or less intermixed with -quartz, and in pieces of fair size. A very larpe quartz reef occurs near, the head of this gully, and some-fine gold has been washed from it Although a .great length of trenching has been executed, no reef has yet been found containing gold like the sample found in the gully. Mr Murray advises close and careful prospecting on lines radiating from the highest point where rich specimens have been found in the gully, as it is evident there must be a good reef in the vicinity. Fowl Stealing is reported to be prevalent just now, the approach of Christmas probably inducing this form of thieving. One night last week three fowlhonses in Ebden street were visited. A turkey was taken from one, but her chicks being useless for the time, were left From another fowlhonse two fine fat fowls were taken, i and a similar levy was made upon another feathered community at a very short distance. As the turkey has been industriously hatching and training her chicks, any person who buys her for the table will make a bad investment Tobacco fob Hospital Patients.—About this time last year Mr H. E. Best, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, instituted a fond for the purpose of providing hospital patients in the habit of smoking with pipes and tobacco as a Christmas-box. Though contributions were limited to shilling, Mr Best's effort resulted in a comparatively large sum being made available for the purpose, and in much pleasure and satisfaction to many of the hospital patients. Mr Best is about to make another collection for the same purpose, and will gladly receive donations for the purpose. Episcopal Conkecbation.—The conse crationof the Bev. Dr Delaney as Bishop of Laranda and coadjutor Bishop of Hobart took place at. St. Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat on Sunday last The ceremony is reported to have been of a very imposing character. The prelates officiating were— Archbishop Cur, Arbishop Murphy, of Hobart, Dr F. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Corbett, Bishop of Sale, Dr Seville, coadjutor Bishop of Bendigo. Within the sanctuary were also seated Dr Leo Kenny, Messrs D. Brophy, Jas. Coghlan, and N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., three knights of the Papal Order of St. Gregory. The occasional sermon was preached by the Bev. J, T. Sogers, of Ballarat, who took for his text, Acts of the Apostles, 20th chapter, 28th verse:—" Take heed to yourself and to the whole flockwherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you brothers to men the Church of God which He has purchased with His own blood." Cabbiage of Fbtjit.—The revised rates for the carriage of fruit on the railways came into operation yesterday. They are 3d. per ton per mile for strawberries, raspberries, and currants; 2d. for peaches, nectarines, and apricots; and ljd for all other kinds. The Doba Doba Blacks.—It would appear that the Dora Dora blacks, who for so long evaded capture, are in captivity at last The Brisbane correspondent of the Argus wires under Sunday's date:—Willie, one of the Dora Dora blacks, who was captured near Bundaberg show ground, was brought before the police court yesterday and remanded to Maryborough. He left by the afternoon train, securely shackled. Since his incarceration Willie has been nonchalant and does not attempt to hide his identity. He states that his mate Jackey speared the murdered man in thts back, the two blacks bring both in the employ of the Victorian police at the time. Jackey and' Willie absconded, fearing arrest and since then they have escaped detection in three colonies. Since the flood early this year they have been in the vicinity of Bondaberg. Willie says that he lost Jackey in the scrub near Bingara six months ago, and has not seen him since. He acknowledges to have had arms, bnt refuses to disclose their whereabouts. Fobestby.—The quarterly summoned meeting of Court Little John, A.OF., was held in the Oddfellow's Hall last evening, Chief Banger, Bro. W. J. Smith, presiding. The woodwards reported the payment of sick pay since last meeting amounting to £1, there being only one member of the Court on the funds. The secretary reported the receipt of £65 4s 7d for the evening. The following nominations were received for the various offices:—C.B., W J. Smith; S-CJt., J. Tuck; S.W., J.Ash. man; J.W., R, Coulson and J. Bobbins S.B., W. B. Fowler; J.B., J. Skidmore and G. Cook; eurgeons, Drs Faulkner, J. H. Pestell and H F- Main; Bro. J. J. Barry was elected representative, and Bro. W. J. M'Kay auditor. The secretary reported having received the sum of £10 from the district on behalf of a deceased wife of one of the members, which had been paid to the brother. The trustees reported having received the sum of £50 15s 4d, intereston £800, which had been out on mortgage, and has now been paid in ; the £850 had been deposited in the bank at 5 per cent interest, and is now available. The amended laws sent up from the district for the considera* tion of the Court were dealt -with, as was the report of the committee appointed to deal with them. One new member was iosedj iand after some routine business been transacted the Gourt closed. Hospital News.—Christina Trowbridge, a married-woman, living in Kyneton; aged 28,a native of Godong, was-admitted on last Friday suffering from blindness. It seems when she was a child eome playmates ihrew lime into her eyes, which caused the present blindness.. Not being then treated by a medical man, she had been an inmate of the Blind Asylum for over'ten years, and out of which she had-married Trowbridge. It was recently .-suggested, since she came to live in Kyneton. that something might be done towards giving her a ittleligW, an4acting oii tins she came into the Hospital, under the oare of Dr D uncan, who perf onned the operation of ridectomy, that is. cut&ng; out a bit of the ris. In a short time It will be seen -what utiier action Is aedesiMy.-JOeorge^"frow. bridge, aged. eeven,a aonof the above,was sn&erihg; from squint which waa rectified at the same time, both -operfttions being perfonneiby Dr Duncan, assisted by the etaS. 3Sre . b6y sras nperiBted upon under chloroform.—A boy from -Taradale, William Hnnter, aged; twelve Jgus. was admitted to^e H^tfl ctolSnnday, leringfromaljuIlS^onnd inlheright it He hadbeen playing with a pea whehit went off. and the bullet lodgf 45s fcot »r2Eain tra»d the wound, and Coming Backs.—Programmes of the following races appear in our advertising columns—Trentham T.C. Races and Sports, Thursday, 28th December, and Woodend Annual Races on Wednesday, January 3. Sale op Bootes, etc.—The booths for •ponging Rocfc Bace Meeting on 'New Tear's Day were sold by Mr Glover on Saturday at Coating's Newham Hotel. The prices were not quite up to lastmenc are considered was purchased laurel Hotel, Gisborne, booth by Mr Beare, of Lanriston, for .£29. The luncheon booth only realised JB1. Though a much better offer had since been received by the secretary, it could not, of coarse, be utilised. The booth for Woodend Bace Meeting was sold after, the Bock booths had been disposed of. The buyer was Mrs Fagan, of the Junction Hotel, Boggy Creek, for £11 10s. Horseowners are reminded that entries for the handicap races .at the Rock 'dose on Tuesday evening, 12th December. 