FAIR GAME. J3Y CHACKBHOT. HON' is it that the matt who has made a reputation as a comediau leels himself called upon at all risks to be laboriously funny when moved to address a few words to the public? Terry is a fumiv man in character, but after hearing him attempt a humorous speech, 1 am surprised that he has lived so long. " Here we are again," he said to the l'rincess' iudience on Thursday night, when making a few farewell remarks, ''and I am gladjto tell.vouthat it is really 'hereweave ngain,' and not • here, we are a loss.'" This is simply abject, and enough to destroy the good impression it took a whole season to create. Mr. Terry announced his determination locouie to Australia again. If lie does come he will find that outrageous joke remembered against him. * * * « APOLOGIES and excuses for the Australian Eleven at Home have been lettered through every Antipodean paper of late, and the anxiety of editors to set upseven hundred reasons why " our boys" didn't wipe out the English representative elevens'every time and 6coop the ashes of British cricket with dignified ease, has led to & surplus of comic literature, and unconscious li-umour is a drug in the market. I gather from a dozen or so of interviews that eveiy member of tlie team was responsible for any poor display that may have been madebarringonly the individual interviewed —he '-was always O.K. Seeing that up to date no satisfactory reason has been given why the Australians did not beat the All England teams, 1 may be excused tor tripping in with a little solution of my own :— "We've discovered with grief that's emphatic 'That our fellows were " done up and lame, They were " off," they were " stale," aud rheumatic, And they didn't agree in the game. We've been told that the captain was yielding, That the wickets were horribly bad. That the English had luck in the fielding, And were helped by the umpires they bad. That the runs would have piled up much quicker Had the pitches not been very " dead And we bear that the Ijritish-brewed liquor Isn't good for the Australian head. Eeasons flow in by dozens and batches, But not one has yet come to my ken To suggest that our lioys lost those matches 'Cause opposed to superior men. ^ STEAD'S " Borderland" is having one effect in Melbourne. A rsychical Research Society is being formed here, in wiiic.h Professor Laurie, Dr. Syme, Professor Ellery and Professor M'Alpine, the Government botanical expert, are moving spirits. At present the initiatory steps are being aken quietly, but sooi the "spooks," family ghosts, bunyips and other old established lavourites will be made to sit up. There are several things a Psychi c al Research Society ought to enquire into in Melbourne. There is for instance the strange psychical condition of Mr. Downns Carter's mind when lie came to the conclusion that lie would get £iOO,(.itlll fiom an Income Tax. An enquiry into that might produce some startling results. Then again, tlm society might investigate Professor Mar.-hall Hall's psychic condition, and sliow in what resj he is inferior to Wagner, if at all. A di-cp mystery which the psychical researches might liable 10 clear up is, what has become of the nuaicv invested in bung banks and financial companies during the boom time ? Yet, again, it would a boon to legislators if, after enquiry, the so -iety could inform our legislators how long itwoiiM be safe to obey Speaker Bent's injunction i" " look at me " without being injured in eyesight aud reason. There are subjects of psyrhii-a] research which might yield more good than a hit of ghosts and dreams, properly ascribable to whiskey or suppers off pork sausages. THINGS are bad! In Warracknabearthcy cunt the presence of the Governor ot the colony dent at .£30. 'They wanted His Excellency io attend an Agricultural Show in the Wiminer,-1 District, Lord Hopetoun expressed his willingness to go; but when the matter came before the society mvi it was explained that the visit would cost .£30 it was decided that it " would be bettci not to invite tlie Governor." One would have thought- that- the shedding of the liglil of the gubernatorial countenance upon the Wiinmera would have brought over i'ln to the Shoiv; but one lives and learns. It is n.ngli on Lord Hopetoun to be told, virtually, that hs hasn't ,£30 worth of drawing power about him. One would have thought tlie Wiinmera p™p)i; would have stumped up more than that, ju-t to look at a civilised human being to see what it was like! 