MARION LEE. From The Bulletin. To " The Wandcrei s Rest," at tbe foot of the Rise. Where the ranges grow purple when evening dies. Came troopers, hard-riding, all dusty and brown. On tlie trail of bushranger, hunting him down. And they carelessly talked as they went in to sup. About riding again when the moon should be up And they spoke of their errand whilst sipping their tea. To tlie inn-keeper's daughter, to Marion Lee. With li ps that grew white she pretended to smile. Yet she stilled the wild beat of her heart nil the while, Then she stole from the room and she stole from the house, 11 ith the speed of a bird an 1 the tread of a mouse, For the man whom they sought with a price on on his head. In days that were gone she had promised to wed, And criminal though now, alas ! he might be, Still t'uc ta her lover was Marion Lee. otic Knew where he lay. not a mile from them then, In a cave in the hills, like a fox in his den, And to warn him of danger while yet there was lime, J The spur of the ranges she started to climb. Through the black bush she hurried, a phan tom in white. Till the cave mouth was reached where it yawned to the night, There iu fever s delirium tossing was lie, And he babbled a name it was Marion Lee ! " Tliey will take him ? ' she ci 1 d. as she tremb led with fear, If they find him unharmed and insensible here," And she thought of their words, as tliey went in to sup, About t illing ajain when ( lie mr. „i.„„i.i i.„ ,,,, But will danger Love's ready resources awoke, She wrapped herself rjund in the bushranger's cloak I I ut his hat on her head, lorsed his horse from a tree, And away to the ranges rode Marion Lee 1 V hen the bush in the moonlight grew ghostly and gray, The troopers rode out on the trail of their ptey In silence their road at a gallop they look, And never drew rein tili their leader cried " Look !" On tlie crest of the rise where the sheoaks arc bare, 15 as the bushranger lading hiicoaly-hlack mare; By the stai on her forehead they knew it was she, But tliey guessed not the rider was Marion Lee ! Ere a shot could he fired (.he figure was gone. And the echo of hoofs on the nihh-wirnt h-„h borne. IVitli a shout of dismay and a volley to boot, Up the slope went the troopers in angry pnrsuit, And there was the bushranger, riding full speed, In his cloak and slouch hat, on nis coaly-black steed ; But the marc had a start and once galloping free, Let hiru catch us who can !'l whispered Marion Lee. Not a shot did tliey fire, that resolute five, For 'twas double reward if they took him alive ; So tliev rode with set teeth, and they spurred with a will, And tlie mare and her rider ahead of them still ! Through the tanglefoot scrub by the misty .lagoon, " r ii rvb fb n p«l i o j 1 . f i.1 1" 7 x F o_7_ — UU511 IU Llie OI LLJU moon. On, on, to the hills that look out to the sea, Her work all but ended, sped Marion Lee. For at length, when the dawn broke across the Divide, And the horses ran lame with a terrible ride, When decoyed by a woman, true-hearted and brave, The troopers were miles from the bushranger's cave, One, cursing, drew trigger — alas ! he aimed well, For she reeled in her saddle an instant, then fell. When they sprangfrom their horses their pris'ner to see — They looked on the dead face of Marion Lee So the story is told of that terrible ride ; How a bushranger's sweetheart, in saving liini, died. And they say that he vanished, like mist from the ground, And that never again was a trace of him found. But the bush men who live in the ranges declare That a figure is seen on a coaly-black mare Of a night, when the moon is un. ealloninp- free. And they say 'tis the ghost of poor Marion Lee. Bernard L'Espinasse. 