BRITISH AND IRISH POLITICS. IT is evident that Mr. Grvsrona's views with regard to the further progress of Home Rule do not meet with the approval of the Irish Nationalists. Ministers have resolved that the autumn session shall be devoted to domestic legislation, chiefly of the "con dition-of-England" type, for they will not be allowed to forget the Newcastle pro gramme, even if they would. Village councils, parish halls, eight hours as a legal day's work, employers' liability, payment of members, andtholikehavo all been blocked to a certain extent by the grave question which has so greatly agitated the public mind since the present Ministry came into power. Many English and Sdcottish politicians, after acting up to their pledges with regard to a matter in which their hearts are not although their intellects may be, will turn with a sigh of relief to subjects with which they have at least a passing acquaintance, and which have almost a personal interest to their constitu ents. Meantime the pronouncements of the leading men in the most forward of the Irish parties are not at all flattering to the English Liberals with whom they have been associated in the present Parliament. It is clearly evident that the alliance has all along been based on the principle of support for concessions, and that with the temporary evanishment of the concessions the support will go. By the Parnellites the real or sus pectedrl lukewarmness of the Ministry is speci ally resented. The leader of the small but active remnant of believers in the Parnellite idea, Mr. J. E. REDnOcD, has recently been uttering certain statements, which if friendly, are also exceedingly candid. He has told the Ministerial whips that support from the Parnellites cannot be expected un less the Government pledges itself to deal with the subject of the evicted tenants of Ireland during the autumn session and rein troduces the Home Rule Bill, or dissolves during next year. It cannot be disputed that the present Government must deal with Home Rule, or give up the ghost. Any attemnpt to play fast and loose with the sub ject will be its death warrant. If it resolves to simply postpone tihe matter, it will exist on sufferance only, in a Mdicawber-like fashion, waiting for something 'to turn up. A great European war, or trouble in India might, of course, overshadow for a'considerable time even the subject of Irish autonomy. From the present aspect of affairs it would really appear as if the main body of the Liberals were quite content to let things slide, leaving Mr. GLAnDSTONE and the party leaders to fix up matters with the Irish party, and prepare fresh bunches of political carrots to be dangled before the noses of the electors of Great Britain and Ireland. 