Tarf Tattle. , Bt "FgEBiayoB." Exit The Admiral, Oamoola, Fans, Marvel, ort$$& \- ®Dd . Co. We have die covered a comparatively unknown Realm, and I suppose we most take off our hats to the Qaeensland craok, who, so far, has proved himBelf'to be one of the best horses in Australia. 1Tis rather refreshing, this discovery of a .weight-fpr- age horse. There have been no 'Carbines, Commotions, nor Halaas outline season, and, disguise it as'vre may, we cannot get away from the fact that our best horses just now are a eeoond-rate lot, barring, perhaps, the twoyearolds. Realm, of course, has yet to meet and defeat Camoola and Autonomy at weight for. age before he can claim ohampion- ship honors, and the weight-for-age running recently has been so terribly in and ont that I should be surprised if we are not treated to some more remarkable reversals of form at Bandwick this week. Handiaappen, ,in fact, ' have become so ftooostoniedto the patience exhibited by the owners horses engaged intuait-for- exaosc-tnattbey rarely nowadays pay crocks \in such events as the 'Melbourne Stakes Autumn Stakes, etc., etc., and for that reason, nrobably, less importance was attached id Realm's weight-for-age victory than it deserved. We are, alas! all too prone to find excuses for beaten horses, and when our idols are shattered we speedily discover a self.satisfactory explanation of their downfall. Hence, possibly, the persistent apologies for the inability of The Admiral to quite get home. Lewis, his rider, has been blamed on more than one occasion, and the old ghost, " falsely run raco," has also been trotted out, somewhat illogi- cally this rime, as explanatory of the de feat of Mr. Cook's horse; but, dearly as all of as would like to see Sam Cook win a big handicap, we must, I think, accept the corn, and admit that the Berby winner of '91 is not a record smasher, and. that he « oat fairly and squarely beaten by Realm in the Autumn Stakes. As I have already remarked, weight- for-age form is rarely reliable ; bat Realm endorsed his Autumn Stakes victory so emphatically by winning the Sydney Cup in a canter, that despite the big difference— eighteen pounds — in the weights I am inclined to think that he has conclusively proved his superiority to The Admiral. Always a favorite of mine, 'this Qaeensland crack has now more than borne out the UuIa gush I have recently indulged »- his good looks and QueenslSSU records. When Captain - Sanderw> "Vned him 1 predicted that toe son of Archie would beat our cracks at weight for age. The touting- trackers, however, voted him toe. . big this autumn; hence, possibly, tb» long odds at which he went out in the Autumn Stakes. While I congratulate Mr. S. Hordern on the possession of such a horse, X regret that Victoria lost him, for Mr. Martin Loughlin was within on aoe of purchasing him just before the Sydney millionaire stepped in. Weight— within reason, ot course — will never stop Realm. HiB best raceB in Queensland were won with con summate ease under heavy handicaps — 9st 'filb, a mile and a quarter ; 9et81b, two miles, etc. But his recent per formances prior to the A.J.C. Autumn WMtin£<i>aA'ftiarfl!y4>eeh ecbodregiitg to" his admirer?. . s Carnage ran his Derby, as far as the Sydney youngsters are coDoemed, at Randwidk on Monday, and (I am not overlooking the fact that both Projectile and Panoply carried penalties) olearly demonstrated his supremacy over the two-year-olds of the season. Bessie M'Oarthy— a filly who for a long while has been spoken of with bated breath by the Caulfield touts — appears to have shown a groat dash of speed, bat Carbine No. 2 outstayed her, and haB now firmly established himself as a strong winter favorite for the next season's Blue Riband. I was rather surprised to read that Mr. . Oxenham, who is generally very generous to his horses, bad started his colt Solanum twice during Easter Monday afternoon. Well backed in the Champagne Stakes, the chestnut failed to run into a plaoe in that event; and still more freely sup ported to win the First Nursery Handi cap later on in the afternoon, he was again badly beaten, this time by Brook let, a daughter of the Adelaide horse,- First Water, whose Melbourne Oop vic tory wpuld have badly bent the ring. Martini-Henry, the winner that year, was heavily- backed, but Firet Water, stroDgly supported by a Sonth Australian confederacy, would have taken quite a hundred thousand pounds out of the ring if he had managed to catch the Derby winner. By the way, a daughter of Martini- Henry ran away with the Flying HandUoap, and as she defeated some of the smartest sprinters in New South Wales, I think we may confidently look forward to Bnslrinite distinguishing herself in the best company at Flemingtos next spring. According to the time test, she is about as good as Carnage, as she won very easily, covering the Bix farlongs in Xmin 19860\. Aooording to my gauge—handi cap form amongst all ages — she has proved herself wonderfully brilliant, as it is no mean performance for a two- year-old, no matter how lightly weighted she may be, to defeat such cattle as Hero, Cremorae, -and Bnooleugh over their favorite distance — three-quarters of : a mile. The old Musket blood was strongly in evidence at Randwick on Monday, as Buskinkte, Sprig o Myrtle, and Carnage all claim the defunct sire as their grand father. Cremorne's Doncaster Handicap vio- tory was a terrible upset to the calcula tions of Melbourne punters, who went strongly for Sprig o' Myrtle. All the Glorious stock oan gallop over .six fur longs of ground, and if I remember aright, St. Lawrence, another eon of the Tabletop sire, won this handicap six or seven years back, when Sanders, thanks to Aoolyte, The Broker, and Co., was in the zenith of his sncoess. Camoola proved oonelnsively that he oan, when in tbe humor, gallop in heavy going, by running third under 8st 91b in toe Sydney Cup. This, in my opinion, was a most meritorious performance, as the colt carried eeven pounds over weight for age ; but it renders his V.R.C. St. Leper disgraoe still more inexplicable. Doorow receded to a hundred to four freely offered ' ' Sydney Cop, but wi. managed to ro fifth in the Dig race , — nor reason or other, regard -SE public esa ' mysterious home," w 1 Ringmaster Is hi ways likely k, „..»nd hjbig .following of punters, who may probably bora their fingers as they did time when touching Megio Circle, anl together overrated animal. 