CHAPTER XX.-« I CAN'T-I CAN'T, THEBE IS BLOOD UPON IT-BLOOD-BLOOD !" Once clear of the house and grounds Sanglier would fain have selected men of his own choosing to help carry out the enterprise they had taken in hand, the fact being that he had heard of Webb's fond- ness for Lucy Sebright, and feared the liking might be reciprocal, wherefore, as he loved her madly himself, he had not the least desire that they should be thrown iuto each other's company again. Bessy G reena tock, however, declared that both Grant and Webb came from the same town in England as she had done, that she had known them in happier days, and that she wasn't going to desert them now that an opportunity had arisen of doing them a good turn. Thereupon Sanglier turned somewhat sullen, and Bessy thought it prudent to remind him, in a way not to be mistaken, that he was in her power, and that abe intended to bend him to her will, not to yield to his. Sanglier, being at neart an arrant ooward* sung small after this, comforting himself however, with the thought that he might he able to get matters more his own way after he had tempted a convict-constable or two to join them, which, with so plan aible a scheme of deliverance to the fore, ^he had not the least doubt of being able .todo. , Bessy, however, read his thoughts, and let Lim know she did so by declaring that the only convict-constable she would treal with was the one who, unless won over, oould perhaps defeat their design of libe- rating Grant and Webb, and she thought flt to add that " in case of. treachery she shouldn't hesitate to use the revolver she had in her pocket, and the handling of which she perfectly understood." As that was a great deal more than the ex-banker could say concerning the brace of pistols which, with much trepidation, he was carrying in his own pockets, and which he feared might go off at any mo- ment of their own accord, and mortally injure him, he vowed that he would be faithful and do all that Bessy desired, &c; And so after that he was and did, and when the long, low row of stone huts con- stituting the prisoners' barracks was reached, backed and overhung by gigantic sheaoak and blue gum trees, and facing the little blue lake in whose centre lay Mort Island, the convict cemetery, seemingly a more fitting burial- place for poeta than for prisoners, he called np to him the con- stable who was pacing to and fro in front of the long row of locked and bolted doors, and who at first very naturally took him to be Captain Ashton, and he was not long in persuading him to join heart and soul in their enterprise, for a convict- constable is only a very little better off than a convict who is not a constable, aa for any real or fancied dereliction of duty he may be sent back to herd with his former associates, whereupon the last state of that man is indubitably worse than the first, for he is paid out in a thousand ways by those whom during his term of authority he has tyran- nised over, as tyrannise he invariably does and even must The constable won over, the door of the cell that held captive George Grant and Jack Webb was opened by him, and Bessy rushed in and saw and heard that which we attempted to describe at the close of our last chapter. Perceiving what had occurred, and how deeply she was engrossed with the sight. Sanglier whispered to the constable, who was called Bradshaw, that their best plan would be to lock all three in, and seek for allies in their meditated enterprise elsewhere. But Lucy Sebright heard the suggestion, and immediately called out, " Treachery, Bessy, treachery !" whereat Bessy sprang out of the cell with a single bound, and the next instant she had whipped her revolver out of her pocket and was me- nacing the two men therewith as she hissed at them from between her tightly clenched teeth " Bradshaw, go in and knock their irons off. Sanglier, go you along and help. Why, for such work as we have on hand this night those two men in there are worth any other six that you could pick out" '« And less likely than most to cut my throat when they've done with me," thought Bradshaw to himself, who knew the inner character of every man in his chain-gang, and from that moment ho bocame Bessy's ally rather than Sanglier's. He went into the cell, followed by the ex-banker, and unlocked the wrist and leg fetters of the two unconscious pri- soners ; after which he managed to get a little brandy down each of their throats from a flask tendered him by Sanglier, who, as butler at the Ashtons, had always found it an easy matter to carry suoh a comforter about with him. The potent spirit soon had its accus- tomed effect upon those who had perforce imbibed it, and as soon as ever conscious- ness returned, Bradshaw said to them " Whichever of you shouted out just now,' Recalled to Life,' very likely spoke the truth, for a few of us are going to strike a bold blow for liberty this night, and we want you two to help us to do it" "It's very good of you, Bradshaw, to think of us ; and more than I should have expected from you, all things considered, but I can't attempt to escape from this colony without another goet* along, and I can't think of any way to get at her. jDon't stay to ask me why-my mind's ;naade up on this point-because I'd hav# to tell a long story to explain ii, und fëvëry minute Tóí time muet* be precious^ My mate will doubtless gladly accom- pany you," reaponded George Grant with a sigh. . I'm blest if he will, though, and for .much the samo reason. What 1 esoape and leave Lucy Sebright behind ? Not I," was i Jack Webb's retort Sanglier bit his lips afc these words, and then exclaimed sullenly j " Leave the fools , alone and come alon sr. Bradshaw. There ase scores of just as likely chaps who will jump at our offer, and regard us as their benefactors to their lives' ends for giving them back their liberties." Bradshaw, however, paid no heed to his words, but instead pushed the cell-doór wider open, and pointed out to the two oonviots the very women whom they had been thinking of standing outside in the white moonlight, at the same time ob- serving drily 44 If those are the petticoats you're sort of stitched on to, they're going along'ov us. Now what do you say ?" 44 That we're with you hand and glove," answered George Grant. ^ Aye, and heart " and soul as well,*' echoed Jack Webb. " Then, come along, lads," responded Bradshaw, quickly, '* for this is a time tor deeds instead of barney." Grant and Webb at once followed him and Sanglier out of the cell into the moon- light, and the constable then set to work to secure the door behind them. Whilst he was doing so George Grant walked awkwardly up tb Bessy Greenstooli and said to her, almost coldly, " I owe yoi my life, and I am grateful. It was gener- ous-it was noblo of you. Perhaps som« day, before long, I may be able to pay of the debt ; at all events, I trust and hope so." It was an odd speech, and stranger wac the way in which, after very evident heed« tation, he held out his hand to her. Bessy accepted it as though reluctantly but no tender pressure, or even hearty grip ensued. They even shuddered as theil fingers met, and then hand dropped hand and they gazed into each other's faces a though each of them read and was horrifies by the other's thoughts. Was it, we wonder, because their hand* had never met since that night whereoi .George had asked Bessy to be his wife a Sobraon Villa, then changed his mind ii favor of her much younger stepsister, am [two days later that half sister had beei foully murdered in Lady Ann's Grove ? Jack Webb greeted Lucy Sebright in much more effusive manner, declaring tha he owed his life to her, and much more t the same effect; but naught, could Lue say iu return but, " No, no ; you are en tirely mistaken. Oh, dont't talk so-don1 -don't !" and when he wanted to shak hands with her she clasped both her ow behind her back, at the same time exclaim ing in a voice that sounded like a. wail 441 can't-I can't-there is blood upo it-blood-blood 1" words which cause Jack to turn as white as any ghost, and t exclaim, with ashen grey lips : 44 What d you mean ? Who could have told ¡Why, you little fool, I was sent out hei for merely shooting a hare, and on my ow land in addition. You have been toi bounoing lies about me by someone < other," and, as he concluded, Jack darts ¡a suspicious and anything but friendl Iglanoo at Bessy Greenstock. Lucy stared at him in mute surprisi [She could clearly see that he had n< '.understood her in the least, but not or whit better could she understand him, au for a moment she shuddered at the expre sion of his usually good- tempered face. lt was certainly a relief to both couple whom the ex-banker had been closely ac attentively watching ali the while, wh< Constable Bradshaw exclaimed suddenly 44 Now then, let us push on. I think v are enough for the job in hand-what < you say, Sanglier?" 441 say that without at least two mo we may as well give up the undertakii aa ' hopeless, for, remember, there are, least, seven men on board the Kangaroo Was the. answer. , 44 And what do you say, ma'am?" ask .Bradshaw of Bessy. . " I think that we should be more sure1 succeed were we stronger in numbers," á rejoined, as though reluctantly. 44 Bul !ehe added, 44 We want arms even mo 'than we do men." 44 We constables always carry a brace loaded pistols an well as a staff," answer Bradshaw, ^ ** and therefore a couple mc us will be worth half a dozen ordinary men, and, believe me, that we'll be as glad to clear out of this as any of the others could possibly be. Now, you five had bet- ter at uuoe push on for the wharf, because women can't be expected to walk as fast as ineu. I and a couple of mates will catch you up before you get to the end of tbs journey." . ** The rest may go on. I'll remain with you," said George Grant, looking hard at Bradshaw the while. Bessy Greenstock read both his look and his thoughts, and, stepping up to him, said in a low tone ** Well and bravely decided, and here is a revolver, loaded in all its six chambers, should you chance to require it." As she concluded she slipped the weapon unobserved into his hand, and he thanked her with a look. Bradshaw didn't seem to altogether like the anangement, but nevertheless acqui- esced* in it, so that a minute later Bessy, Lucy, Sanglier, and Jack Webb were push- ing on towards the Government, landing stage, four miles away, and George Grant and Bradshaw were lost to sight around the corner of the convict barracks in the rear. " Sanglier, if you're at all nervous about' carrying those loaded pistols in your pockets, I daresay Webb would do it for1 you," Bessy Greenstock suddenly observed, as they walked rapidly on. The ex-banker at once parted with the weapons, and felt as delighted, when he was well quit of them, as Jack Webb did at their acquisition. " Laying fa face% as though he did hot dare to ¡ooh upou it whilst killing him, he clutched the knife firmly with his right." ' It put Bessy also completely at her ease, for before the exchange of firearms (she having given her revolver to Grant), they, had all been at Sanglier's mercy, whereas he was now at theirs. The country that they passed through might, at any other time and under differ- ent conditions, have won their attention and admiration, so- beautiful was it, but they very naturally, under existing cir- cumstances, thought of nothing but the chances of their getting away from it, and even the most sanguine of their number could not help but perceive that those chances were a great deal more against them than they were in their favor. Atlast the almost continuous forest of white trunked bluegum, feathery acacia, and gold and silver tufted wattle trees grew thinner, and a glimpse of the dark blue waters of Storm Bay was' caught between them. A few minutes later they could see the rough timber landing stage, and the little Kangaroo Iv in g about a couple of cables7 lengths therefrom, " as idly as a painted Bhip upon a painted ocean." She looked a fragile enough craft to brave the angry waters of the great Southern Ocean aboard of, but a much greater peril would have to be met and overcome before that one could be braved. ' The little party had not got on much further ere they were overtaken by George Grant, Bradshaw, and two other convict constables, all looking resolved to dare and do. George at once whispered to Bessy th a there had not been the least sign of. treachery or double dealing on their ps rta. This was highly satisfactory, and Bessy began to entertain strong hopes of their succeeding in their enterprise, though in all probability not without bloodshed, a> thought which distressed her greatly. But she did not flinch from the prospect of beholding, or, if dire necessity required it, . from even taking part in a bloody struggle, knowing well as she did that if they failed in their enterprise Lucy Se- bright would be hanged for the murder of Captain Ashton, which murder she re- garded as haying been almost a righteous act under the circumstances, though much she feared that its remembrance mould torture LUCY'S heart and conscience up to the day of ber death, no matter how far distant that might be. Whilst she was thus bitterly reflecting, the little party of truly desperate men and women were rapidly approaching the shore, so that presently they had to move with extreme caution lest they should be seen by the watch on board the Kangaroo ; for, though her decks seemed to be entirely deserted, there was no telling this with any certainty. At last, availing themselves of every , possible cover to conceal them as they advanced, they actually reached tbe wharf, and Sanglier at once mounted thereon, close attended by the constable, Bradshaw, whilst the other« hid well out of pierht behind it, yet ready to act with courage decision, and. energy the instant that it was required of them. Then, after a brief : pause, Constable Bradshaw tired off a pistol, Sanglier stand- ing the while upon the wharf so that tho moon should shine full upon the bright scarlet, gold-laced uniform that he had on, and also upon the steel scabbard of the sword which he wore at his side. 