Sir Richard Owen's Ghost Story. In his early days, when he held the post of surgeon to the prieon at Lancaster, a negro died in the gaol, and a post-mortem as well as an in quest were necessary. After the inquest the voung surgeon saw the bodv duI in the noffin nod the lid ecrfewed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to the btudy of comparative anatomy, and negroes' Tieads were not plentiful ; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of seience. In the evening he re turned to the prison with a black bag containing a brick— from his official position he had no dif ficulty in getting admittance to the mortuarv. where the coffin lid was unscrewed, and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol has a considerable descent ; and the time being winter with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length— the bag wsnt from his hand, and the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caughMhe bag, and following the head, clutched it just as it finished its career in a small 'shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning wlt'en Owen was going to liis usual duties at the prison, he waB called in by the woman at the shop wbere the accident had occurred on the pre- vious evening. She wished him to see her bus band, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before' tbat had caused him to look wild and. dazed like. The mat), it turned out, wbb a retired sea captain, who had been iu many adventures among the West India Islands, when many deeds were dene that did not at that time require to be accounled ior. ' Among these had been the killing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the' transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these ' details the old captain told of the horrible event that took place the night before. He was silting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he bad been thinking of the negro, when sud denly be snw his very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, and it wbb followed by the Devi), a)l in black, with a black bag in his band. The Devil snatched up the. head, and both dis appeared through the earth like a flash of light- ning. The: description waB perhaps not quite complimentary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory bo far that it showed tbat his identity had hot been recognised. The Daily News states that colonial stooks are selling on the London Exchange at prices below the official quotations. . Sir Edward Gray, : political secretary to the Foreign Office, replying to a question in the House of Commons on Monday, said that the United States Government Jidd not. officially no tified the British Cabinet of its intention to annex Hawaii. . ' A WAGGON nnd.oxen, belonging to Mr. Sander son, were recently struck' by lightning in the Transvaal, and two native women and ten exen killed. f . .. Up to the end of: last year there were over 700 solicitors on the roll- of the Supreme Court, and alrendy 17 additional aspirants have given the usual notice of their intention to come up at the end of the present term. The barristers now on the roll number aibout 12.0. 