BOCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27. 1893. THE SEPARATION DEPUTATION. ! When tbe proposal that A deputatio should wait on the Marquis of Ripoi was first mooted, we had the wisfortun to shock some worthy people by the re innrk that it was hopeless to expect th Secretary of State for the Colonies fe commit himself to any course, much les to giant Separation, on thc verge of i general election in thè Colony. Th policy of the Colonial Office all througl -and a change of Ministers o Cabinets will not alter it-has been ti avoid dealing with this question if tba is at all possible. Lord Knutefon almost beseeched the Queensland-Parlia ment to deal with the subject, and Lon Ripon was certain to take ad vantage of the happy chance tba a general election was imminent, tv give that Parliament another chance and so, mayhap, relieve his Office fron interfering in what he no doubt regard as a domestic matter. Of course thi declinature to interfere will not bi maintained always, nor yet for long there is very goad reason to believe tha if the new Parliament is ns foolish ai to walk in the footsteps of the presen one, the Secretary of State for tin Colonies will invite the Imperial Parlia ment to exercise its supreme powers and grant the relief prayed for in thi petition to the Queen. But in thc meantime, ns we have said, Lord Bipoi was certain to tell the deputation, what they no doubt were quite prepared tx hear, that he could take no step wit! a general election impending in thc Colony, and this is just what he hat done. Lord Ripon was good enough tc admit that the deputation presented « strong case. But the remark commits him to nothing, for six years ago Lord Knutsford told Mr. Black and Mr. Lissner that the Imperial Government would require to be presented with an "overwhelming case" before it would interfere in the internal concerns of a self-governing colony. Now a " strong " is separated by a very great space from an "overwhelming" case. But in this connection there is ground for very solid satisfaction in the know- ledge that the Colonial Office will esti- mate the strength of our case quite as much by the resolution with which it is i presented, ns by the- might of the facts on which it is based, or the logical force I with which they are stated. If it were not so the reply of Lord Ripon might [give rise to misgivings, for it is very difficult to see how any case could be stronger than the one at the command of the spokesmen of the division, or [ where we could hope to find more in- fluential, representative, powerful, and eloquent advocates than Sir Charles Nicholson, Mr. Archer, and Mr. Reid. But we can certainly present the case with more convincing evi- dence that it is supported whole- heartedly by the people of Central Queensland. On this point there is really only one class of evidence that the Colonial Office will accept, that is tho votes of our representatives in Parliament. And hore, it must be acknowledged, there is room for im- provement. The Central members os a whole have given strong support to the demand for Separation, but it has not been an unanimous support. And until the people of Central Queens- land return members who are en: thusiosticiilly in favour of Separa- tion for Central Queensland, the Colonial Office ' is not likely to consider our case an overwhelming one. This really is the sum of the matter, the unanimity of the people as shown in the actions of their Parliamentary repre- sentatives, is the standard that will be applied by the Colonial Office in measur ing the strength of our case. It is no good repining at this, or urging ' that the case should be judged solely ' by its weight in argument. We must recognise facts as they are, and work to prove our case according to the con- ditions imposed on us, when with great confidence we may expect a full reward for our exertions. Tho task does not present any for- midable difficulties ; and no dispiriting delay Viii be interposed in attempting it. What the people of Central Queens- land have now to do is to return eleven members pledged to striv'o by all con- stitutional mentis in their power to secure Separation for Central Queens- land, and the opportunity to do this will be presented to them within the next two months. If they do it there is scarcely any doubt that their political freedom will be quickly accomplished, and they will stand with the full control of their own affairs in their own hands ; they will possess the liberty to tax themselves, and to expend the rooneys they give to the state by their own resolution as they seo fit, instead of as at present being taxed as others choose, and having their moneys spent as others -will. But if they are satis- fied with the present condition of things, under which they are robbed on every hand, taxed to pay off a deficit they never inpurred, their lands sold, settle- ment on them blocked, their every interest and comfort sacrificed to build up Brisbane and gratify its greed, then they have simply - to return members opposed or indifferent to Separation, and they need not have the slightest dread but what Brisbane will milk them to the last drop. The duty of the League at this crisis is perfectly clear, it is to see that every elector in Central Queensland has an opportunity to vote for a Separation candidate, and to assist all Separation candidates by arousing and intensifying the Separation sentiment. The first is not likely to gire the League much trouble, for by'all appearance there will be no electorate without at least one Separation candidate, and in several of the electorates all the candidates will be staunch supporters of Separation. It is nothing to the League -whether they aro also staunch supporters of labour or of capital. The League ought to, and no doubt will, know Separation only, and support equally all candi- dates who unhesitatingly support Separation, whatever other views they also hold. There is a slight danger that some candidates may be stronger supporters of Northern than of Central Separation, ' or that they may couple with their support of Central Separation some condi- tion os to altering the boundaries bf the Central Division so as tu aggrandise the North. Laodicean sup- porters of that kind ought not to be permitted to hope for the support of the League. The other duty of arousing the Separation feeling through Central Queensland will be the prime duty of the League, and it will have to be pro- secuted by all the legitimate methods, known to political warfare. À mani- festo is to be issued by the League. This is one excellent means, but there are many others of great value. Short, pithy leaflets are very effective.! But personal appeals are the most j powerful of all, and it is to be hoped the principal members of the League j are prepared to enter on this work even at considerable inconvenience to them- selves. The crisis has now come; it will be short and sharp ; and success depends on ourselves. If the battle is won from end to end of the division at the election, Separation may be looked upon as assured ; but if it is not won triumphantly, if the victory is only by a narrow majority, then there will be no Separation in the lifetime of this next Parliament. It was because she failed to return an overwhelming majority of Separation members five years ago that the North is without Separation to-day. The Legislative Assembly of New South Wales has, by its longwindenneas, landed itself in a rather amusing difficulty. Its rules are framed on those of the House of Common«, which angust body never refuses to read a Dill a second time, but if it is opposed to a measure, passes a motion that it bo read a second time that day six months. Generally long before that date has arrived Parliament has been prorogued, and the Bill then falls on the huge pile of Parliamentary wreckage. It is essential to this method of procedure that the House get through its work with business-like promptitude, other- wise it will have all its slaughtered Bills coming to life again. This is what has hap- pened in the New South Wnles Assembly. Close on six months ago tho Hnn«e was asked to read a second time a Bill to which it was decidedly opposed, aud it passed the customary motion that the Bill he read a second time that day six months. But the House failed to get through its work, consequently it is still sitting, and the Bill has reappeared on the notice paper to be read a second time in a day or two, according to the order of the House. The member who had mored the happy despatch was as amazed as if he had seen a ghost when he found the enemy he had slain once more in full lifo and vigour on the notice paper, and he promptly questioned tho Speaker as to this appalling resurrection. Slr J. P. Abbott as- sured him it was all. right, the House had ordered that the Bill wan to he read a second timo on n certain date, that day was close at hand and the Bill properly took its place on tho notice paper stain. Thc incident is something of a satire on thc New South Wales House-the time that is more than sufficient for the House of Commons to get through the domestic affairs of fortv millions of people, and the business of an Empire in addition, is quite Inadequate for the New South Wales Assembly,, which has to do with the concerns of a solitary million of people only. 