WHO INVENTED KISSING? Sib, — It may interest some of tbe readers of the Daii/t Sews to be told that the word ' It ies ' is A»glo-Saxon,and may, indeed, be taken as an instance of how pleasant Anglo Saxon can he. The philologist ast-urt* cs that it is allied to tbe Gothi? 'kmtus,' a proof or test ; and to the Latin ' gustos.' a Uste, which suggests the old saying, ttaar. ' the proof ©f tbe pudding is in tke preein' o't.' The sime Gothic 'kustua' comes from the verb 'kiosan,' to choo3e' from which one would imagine that among tbe Goths kissing w-nt l«y favor. Ac cording to rTofessor Sfeeat, writing with alt the austerity and scholarship of an expert, a k:ss is ' a gust, a taste, a some thing chr-ice.' Rowena. the beiutiful daughter of th-J Saxon Henpist, is credited with having introduced kissi g into tbe British is:ends; but it seems as if that had the natives been so utterly unenlight ened, the Romacjs ronld scarcely have failed to anticipate her The Romans had really a delightful word for a K»ss — 'oscnlum,' which csmps fiom 'as,' tbe mouth, and m-flnt a little mouth, a eweet month. ' Give me a sw. e''- little mouth ' would be tSe phra'-e u'Jed when a good little Roman boy asked his mother f - r a kiss. Our Engli-h word occurs pretty nearly in its present form in Angl -Saxon, Hatch, Tcelindic, Danish, Swedish aad Ger man. T.-is is worthy of note because, oatnral es kissing may seem to be, it is a practice nnknown to the Australians, to th^ Ma ris of New Zealand, the Papuans of New Guinea, the p. opie of Tahiti, fae negroes of Central and f outhern Africa, the Boto cudos of Brazl, the L»plf nders, and the Eskimo Most of these » enigl.t d morta-fi have not got beyond the low stage of rub bin? notes tether. Kimm* poiute b- an ancient discredited beli f in a veritable nali*nof spirii8 — a. Velitf common to the Aryan peoples that the breath of a man wa bi? eon', his spirit. ?* Spiiit' is ' breatb,' and ' ghost' is a ' gust '' — ^which possibly accounts for the cold air that is said -to ac ompany apparitions. If, tb-n, the breath was a divine thing — the soul and spirit of man — is it not e*sy to understand how nstnra ly kissing came to be a veritable communion, a comingling of soul with s»ul ?— Yours, &c; , BACHfc LOK. 