EYRE'S ACQUITTAL. By HELEN MATHERS. TART III. CHAPTER L-cottikued. But it wa« early yet, not y«?t ona o'clock, the Eyres having Lroiipht thoir country habits with thcin to town; so that usually they rode before breakfast aud drove before luncheon, and, as far as possible, lived id the midst of onnsnnl surronndings. Bat if Lsdy Ann, «6 a fashionable woman, sometimes felt ridirulons at ap pearing so onseason&My;, site was satisfied to see Madcap so mdiuVrent to society and admiration, and happy only with her family and Gordon. To be 6nre, there had soarcely been time for a new lover to appear on the horizon, bnt with the en gagement between the yonog pair tacitly understood everywhere, there was little chance of any sailor showing himself bold enough to entur the lists against the established lover. ' This is moch pleasaoter than the ball last night,* said Madcap, drawing in a deep breath of the almost pure air, while her eyes roved hither and thither among the p&ssers-by;, looking for a face she could not find. 'All bails are nuisances,' said Gordon. * I'm awfally glad yon like the coach/ he added, as Madcap to rued from exchang ing a few words with Lady Ann. 1 Who was that gentleman who raised his hat to yon, my dear ?* 6aid the faithful sheep-dog, while Gordon was leaning over to apeak to a friend Wow. ' What gentleman ?* said Madcap, looking innocent. 'I hare win more than one man that I danced with last night.1 But Lady Ann wandered what had brought such new life and colour into the girl's face, aud resolved to keep her eyes open. But as gradnally the park filled with its smart morning ranks ol (oik on foot, Mad cap grew suddenly tired of it all, and begged, Gordon to take her down past Holtand Park, &6 they had intended to do on starling. 4 And to-morrow morning we will walk in the Park/ she said, restlessly, as they went bowling down ilie. almost deserted drive. * One cannot speak to anyone up here— and wo are sure to meet someone or other that wc know, are we not ?' 4 Are you in such a hurry to inect yonr partners again V said Gordon, a shade on his brow ; 1 and you made fun enough of them, loo, coming home.' 4 Yes/ said Madcap, 4 so I did; and I think it very ridiculous that one may not pick and choose one's, own partners'— — 4 A pretty state of things it would he if introductions were done awoy with,' said Gordon, in high disdniu. 4 Do you think so Y said Madcap, with spirit. 4 Now, if 1 were a great lady I would print 4 no introductions' on all my hall-cards, aud leave the guests to please their taste in the choice of partners— to choose the prettiest, the witiieet, or tbe one that he liked best 1 Think what con versations one might have getting up 6tairs —what groans one might exchange over the heat—what home-truths one might hear of oneself— what odd lights on pro minent subjects one might gather— even learn the name of some of the celebrities with whom one rubbed elbows— perhaps persons whom one has longed lo see all one's life, but who look just like everybody else aficrall !' 4 It would never answer, Madcap/ said Gordon, 4 No dccont lellow was 1 vr picked hy a girl without a pn per in re daction.' 4 Was there not ?' said Madcap, h»r eje« , resting on the brown .eyes ju t nffl ?-! wi lt green in Kensiug'o V Gardei 8. 4 But to continue, 1 Lave »u idea about the celebri ties. Why should not a woman carry her game emblazoned on her fan,, and a man hit on the inside of his op'ra-hat.' 4 Why uot come as sandwich men and women at once said Gordon, drily. 4 Or belter slill, for the hosleaa.tr* have panel in the wall that is illuminated by his presence, nad goes out when lie departs Y 4 Like Willing' b new aiUmi*emettla on the underground/ tmi-L Gordon, mietit ou his horsos- now they bad reached (be Higb-tftreet. 4 No, do Madcup. There ore rnh'fi about the.se thhiits, und if you brokp tlinni, you would only be uiisaiider stood'.V/ , 4 Would a lunn inrsuudcrstand a child if she were friendly wiibUiiu, oven though site hud twrcr hiui the *UiM---ioih of b'lnr ducMou ninmhled over her?' said Madcup, with her head turned away. \- Hut you are uot u child/ said Gordon. 4 Yott'nre gnuvn up now— l^^jdcaTen 1 Ami so sni I, And wliniido you want With Ktrnugors, dear ? YoahaVU got us/ 4 Yes/ she *nid ; i,*bot fuiter iseway so ranch. 8a it» Domic; while yoaaic -]uitu happjf-vith jour i*m 4 1 only had it to please yon/ said Gor don, colouring with disappointment, 4 be cause yon said yon could not live in town wittynl fresh air ; and I thought I would drive you out somewhere every day ' 4 That is true/ she 6atd gently. * But I am tired nod cross, Qcordie; and I would like to fall asleep this minute, and wake up in the woods, with no balls or fine London ways to worry me !' 4 It will be over/ said the young man. 4 And your father would have it so. Bnt cheer up. You will uover be asked to come up here a second time !' 4 1 shall come every year that father wishes it/ she said coldly ; 4 but it will not be for long. Ton know he only went into Parliament to nurse the seat for Donne, wlra will be old enough to take it within a very few years.' 4 He went into tbe Hon6e to please him self/ said Gordon, as the four roans seared Kensington. 4 Re nevet could settle down aud he never will, since he went away on that journey two years ago.' 4 He loves me jnst the same,* said Mad cap, proudly, though tears were in her eyes; 1 and it is not likely that he would he satisfied with the quiet life that soils boys —aud a girl/ &be; looked at one of the 4 boys ' as she said it, and saw a young man of the best type of mnscolar English manhood, am dressed so that one vraa as ignorant of his clothes as an aborigine is of his— yet Iclt the pleasure of seeing him exactly right in every particular, from the body that his clothes fitted upwards to the glance that every Lovel claimed as his birthright. Bui her eyes were cold as she looked at him— how like he was to those other men that she met at every step in New Bond street (while a beautiful woman or girl came as far between as a pearl in a ship load of oysters); but never had she seen the fellow to the seamed, sunburnt face that, two years hidden from her, she bad seen in the park that day. Lady Ann supposed the man who took off his hat to the girl had danced with her over-night, and, like a good watch-dog, questioned her later at the first opportunity. 4 Be is an old friend/ said Madcap, gravely. 4 His name ? 1 have christened him, Lancelot of the Lake— he knew mother very well — and father/ she added after a pause. Lady Ann thought do more of the sad faced, middle-aged man— her eyes were open enough to youog wooers who might cut out Gordon, bnt not to friends of the last generation. A few people had recognised Madcap when Gordra drew up as the Jovely yonng debutante introduced to London society by the Dachess of Manniton over-night ; bat s great many people who knew her mother's story were on the look out for ber as sha came back, her wist ful eyes wandering to and fro among the faces below as if she were seeking what she coalJ uot find. Was she happy 1 the curious asked as they looked at her, yonnsr, with the downy cheeks of a child and the be;-uiy of a woman in her eyes and lips, the mistress of ten thousand a year, and engaged to one of the hand somest yonng fellows in town, her neigh bor, Lord Lovcl. Tbe women picked her to pieces because they could not forgive her for being 06 p-rl'ectly turned out as ber equipage, for, oi course, they said fihe famished it, since Lord Lovt-1 was so poor; and thus, Gor don's sole extravagance that season, and for which he denied himself things that other men took 86 a matter of course, was turned into &u; occasion of reproach to him, as he accidenlly found out later. His heart was heavy enough when ho drew up at Cu;zin-stroel, for to-day it seemed that Ie66 than ever he had been able to please Modcap; hot Mr, Eyre, who happened to be in the dining-rnom aud looking out, thought he bad seldom seen a prettier sight than the drag as it came down the street, the sun shining nn the harness and the horses' satin co;its, with the two handsome young faces behind to complete the picture. She saw him standing there, and when the coach stop) ed ran. down the ladder at the ri-k of her neck, and flew to the dining-room, but he had retreated to the library, and was silting at his tulle when she reached him* 4 0 1 father 1' she cried, 4 why didn't you come with iih? You could hare driven^ aud Gordon hat behind with Lady Ann!'' He hoghed in spite of himself, bnt looked at her keenly, and wondered if the mere first whiff of n London season had intoxicated and made Iter frivolous. 4 Haven't you got room for me on your knee?' she said reproachfully, as he pushed some books from the chair nearest to kitn. 4 1 atu not so very much heavier than I used to be, if 1 aiu obliged to he grown up V 4 Don't you like it?' he said, lookiBg her carefully over as she perched herself on the desired vantage ground, 4yel you seem very happy—1 1 4 So I am now* she said, with a sign of satisfaction. 4 Do you know this is my fifth day in town, and this is the first real chance 1 have hod of a talk with joa ?' He' shook his head, and thought of the lover; for here was the mischief of it, and one of those dark shades to Mr. Eyre's character, that front the moment he had contemplated his daughter a« Gordon's wifr, po-sibly loving Gordon beet in the end, the close link between himsolf utid her was virtually severed, and insensibly she r-*ceded in Lis ihoiights-lo niuke room for the other Mario p ? since, though some one wan hound to steal Ins duughler, no living uuiu could nave stolen lrom hi in his wife. 4 No — no/ he snid ; 4 your place is out in the sunshine, aud you look iery well there, and you must uot tire of Gordon's coiujfauy ilius early, child, tor you have .fftr^nmich to ride ujth him yd/ 4 1 would rather walk in the mud beside yet/,' she said, with an arm round bin ntvk, ami her cuol cheek to his; Giud why must Juu turn lue out, luthu, why ;uc )ou«»u set on my marrying Gordon-^or anybody ? 4 It is a woman's lot to marry/ said Mr. Eyre, haggling over tbe worda that his wife would have known so well how to say to her yonng daughter, and I am growing old—' 1 1 tcish Gordon would gel a touch of the same fcomplaint !' said Madcap, tears ond rueful laughter struggling in her eyos. 4 He tags he gets older with every season ; but 1 cannot see the least 6(gnB of im provement 1'— 1 which was true enough; bot neither could Gordon find any in her. If iu summer he asked her to be his wire, she said she hated being worried in warm weather, and ho could ask her again in aotnmn; and when autumn came she said Christmas was the time for asking questions of that sort ; though when Christmas arrived she recommended his waiting till Valentine's Day, yet found no sHtisiaclory reply to give him then. Tot, half a loaf being better than no bread, he waited on her caprices patiently. Perhaps Air. Eyre, seeing the end in evitable, had resolved to bring matters to a climax by throwing the young people together onder novel conditions in town; but, at any rate, he had moved his house hold tirither early this spring, lo Donne's amazement and Madcap's profound disgns*. Bnt to- day — to-day — what had come to the girl ? Mr. Eyre seemed to see his : wife, as she had looked under the influence of love for Arm, in this daughter whose eyes had deepened and darkened during ihc mnrning's drive ; aud if not for Gor don, thcu, of course, for some partner at tbe ball overnight. He had not thought her made of such inflammable 6tuff, aud looked at her coldly as he asked her how she enjoyed her first ball. 4 It was overcrowded/ 6he said, 4 and the flowers you gave me withered directly; but the Duchess was very kind— aud the men were all alike— though [ fancied I recognised one or two of them in the Park to-day.' 4 So yon prefer no one to Gordon?' said Mr. Eyre, a little impatiently ; 1 and that ifl natural enough— you have every thing in common, yonr country pursuits, open-air life, laste6, age, good looks. 4 And bow about oar heart* V said Madcap, retreating so far to tbe verge of her father's knee as to be in danger of falling off*. It takes two to make a bar gain, does it not, even in love ?* 4 Your mother and I made non / he said, thinking of how, without a doubt or a fear, his true-lote had fled to bis arms &b; ber haven. ' But she loved yon/ said Madcap, softly ; 4 not her other lovers/ 4 And wh ;t do yon know of yonr mother's lovers V &a; d Mr. Eyre, sternly ; and for the first time iu her life she realised how terrible he could look in his wrath. 4 Lord Lovel loved my mother/ she said ; * and she loved yon— that was all/ 4 And perhaps, after all, she had done better to love him,' said Mr. Eyre, settiug his d&nehter; down and walking restlessly to and fro ; ' but I'll have yon exposed to D'* such chances, child — for yon might not come off so well — aud that wretched for tnne of yours would make* you the qnarrv of every titled beggar in town, hut for your supposed engagement to Lovel. And 1 think you are not* treating bim well— in short, ungratefully' ? ? 4 Why shonld 1 he grateful to him for loving me more than I wish ?' said Mad 'eap, sadly, 4 Does any girl ever willingly leave bur father, her home, everything lo go away with a young niun just because he asks her ? I can't understand it.' Aud this was true ... no inward teaching had yet come to the girl to make such de. partore the most nulural beautiful tbing iu the world. Mr. Eyre slopped to look at her, and his (ace softened— lie held out his arms and she ran into them. 4 Yoo shall not go till yon are willing he said, 4 God knows I don't want lo lose yoo — though 1 have been staring that fact in the face these two years — but blame yourself if Gordon falls in love with some one else of those days' — 4 If only be would !' said Madcap, brilliant satisfaction lighting up her face at the idea, 4 and leave you and me to be happi together 1' Mr. Kyre pinched her cheek, and asked if he and sire would not dine out together that night. 4 To be sure,' said Madcap, jumping for joy, 4 and without the sheep-dog;' she added, in a cautious whisper, a^she looked round, 4 Q 1 Dad, why need I have had one ?' 4 Does she- worry yon ?' said Mr. Eyre. 4 1 chose Iter for her silence, and remem ber, child, that though the Duchess and 6he may dress, shoe, metamorphose your body as they please (within certain limits), I expect them to- leave yonr manners as tbey found them. And how do you like the Duchess V 4 1 don't know; I hare- only seen her twice/ 4 That's right ; always reserve yonr judgment. But she is a good, faithful sort of woman, and means well ; and since you must see life a little, you uiay as well do so under good auspices.' . 4 Bnt why must I, father V said Madcap. 4 Ah, why Y lie said. 4 Perhaps I want to make- you in love with the country. Perhaps I can't live in town without you. 1 shall boa little anxious about yon to night, as the party is a small ouc,nnd yonr conversation will Im remarked. But you can't do wrong if yon forget all ubmit yourself, .your face, aud yonr gown. Re member, those twelve hours in which you can think abont yourself ; in the other twelve hours do not talk of it* Ami you are too young lo be expected to start topics, so you roust cultivate listening, mul you will koou have the best talkers at yonr Norvico. Tlken you must not lay yourself out h-r attraction ; yon me not a shop, ui put all your best thoughts ond graces for nale in the window ; keep them lor home, where they will hi uwrnt valued* There's the luuclu-ou Ml, utul I thi.uk I heard Douuc come in just now* 4 Here is Gordon'6 only rival/ thonght Lady Ann, bb Madcap camo laughing into Iho room on her father's arm, and smiled, not ill-pleased that there slionld'bo only sucb a rival in the field. CHAPTER II. The library clock had struck n quarter to eight, aud Mr. Eyre looked op & little impatiently, wondering what detained Madcap. For his heart was full of her that day, for the first time since he sailed sway iu Arizona the link between him ond his daughter knit close as in her childish days, and satisfaction at holding the first place in her heart extinguished regrets for the young fellow's disappointment. For the first time since that Snnday when he hod seemed to woke from a dream, lie felt something of tho old peaco that had preceded his awakeuing, and was already thinking of the country ond those peaceful pursuits that had lost their claim for him since his return from that fruitless journey upon which ho had s&t; out on tho ill-starred sailing-ship Arizona. He bad never meant to return hy her, and, intent on following np cine after clue of Hester Clarke, did not for days hcur of the catastrophe ih&t; had pierced Madcap's heart, and even then he was thinking less of his daughter than the woman whom ho believed to have tracked to her hiding, place at Ust. But the thread broke in Ins hands, when be found the object of his unremit ting pursuit indeed, hut dead, ani not long buried ; so that once more he turned homewards with despair in his heart, yet still thai stubborn resolve to wrest truth from dead or living yet. Meiiuwhile, be threw himself into the exercise of/ his brain ; and when six montViB after his retnrn, be was asked once more to stand as Conservative mem ber of the county, he consented ; and, being duly returned might have become a shining light iu the Assembly had he so willed. But very quickly he wearied of such legalised school-boy antics as he witnessed each day ; and, not caring to accept office under the present Government, never troobled to exert the powerful influ ence he possessed, and in his third Session called up Madcap, who was dearest to him still— next to the dead. He looked up to see her standing near him, satin shod, gazing at bim with those eyes of love that have no copy ; end, as he glanced her over carefully, he saw that Mrs. Mason's taste bad not betrayed the giri ? for she was a morning face clad in a primrose gown, edged with pearls and choicer ones about ber neck and arms, and with a curious fan, made of white flowers, in her hands, that he bad himself ordered her that morning. 4 Have I kept joo wailing, father ?' she said. 4 But 1 have been standing here some minutes, though you did not see me.' Something of his lost happiness, his lost future, seemed to ome back to him as he went forward and kissed her, then led her to the brougham that had been one of hiB extravagances for her, for, desiring that 4 beauty should go beautifully/ he had ordered the inside fillings of the carriage to he of white, the finest setting of all for a young girl's face. Many people looked at the two as they passed dowu Piccadilly, thought Madcap uinst be wife to the brilliant-eyed middle aged man by whom she sat, so joyous she looked and so entirely was 6be engrossed by hie conversation. They had almost reached their destin ation, Whitehall, when a check came in their progress, and ajar of opposing wheels inHtlu Madcap look np startled to see that their carriage had become locked with a handsome going-in the contrary direction, and with a bound of the heart, a sinking of her pulse, saw that the occupaut of the handsomwas Major Methuen. He was looking full &t; her— at the atti tude of father and daughter as they sat side by side in that white ne6t, Mr. Eyre's I ungloved hand in her two primrose ones — liis eyes in one flash taking in every de tail of her loneliness, thou his eyes left her to meet those of Mr. Eyre in a lightniog glance of recognition that made Mr. Eyre spring forward with a fierce cry of 4 Frank !' 4 But on the instant the wheels unlocked the horses sprang forward; before Mr. Eyre could recover from the kind of horror in which he was plunyed, the carriage and the hansom were three huudred yards apart. He pulled tbe check-string like a mad man. For tbe first time in her life Mad cap saw him thrown completely off his bAlancp, and trembled as be bade the ctachmaQ turn and drive back for his Vfe ; himself leaning ont of the window as they thundered up St. James's-street ; bit in every hansom they overtook searched iu vain for the lace that had Btartled him. Madcap sat pale and cold. What did it all mean ? Why had not Majpr Met huen acknowledged her, and what meant that extraordiuary look which she had intercepted ou its way to her father? And now came (he first fruits of the de ceit she had practiced towards her people in never speaking of her acquaintance with Lord Level's friend ; and she dreaded the moment when Mr. Eyre should ton to face her. Common sense made him abandon a mad pursuit in a very few minutes ; and when they were cuiee more opproachtug their destination, Mr. Eyre s&t; down and turned to Mndcnp. * Have i Irighiened yon child ?' he said. 4 Bot I've seen n ghost — Frank's ghost — fourteen years older thun when i saw him j lust, in his coffin ; but iho*e were litH eyes, I and hi* recognised me. Surely I'm not 1 going mad — und il can't Ikj a cIiuhcu re semblance— don't I kuow liis liice by heurt ?' 4 But if lie had known you ? 0 I what um 1 buying ?' said Almleup. ' How could n ghost bow looiie? It must U* some curious resciubliiuci*/ Bile blushed und looked uivtiy. 4 Gordon says there uiu Lumbers of Lieu iu tuvvu vvliu have their doubles, .and arc conslantlyuistaken for one another, oven hear all eacu -other's secrets, and are made love to by proxy i' The carriage', stopped at that moment, ond Mr. Eyre was bis usual self as he took' ber into the bouse ; but very early during dinner asked bis hostess if 6he had over met a man in town exactly like, Lord Lovel. She had not ; bot as the party, ttiongh small, incladed the inevitable dfrf-out whose memory constituted his HvQ} Mr. Eyre was soon in formed |0* that Frank's doppetgdnger was a certain Major Methuen who, curiously enough, had been his friend and|fought beside him|in the Crimea. 4Metbuen !' exclaimed Mr. Eyre, think ing of a letter he had received years ago. 4 What is/us dub ?' he added. 