The Ghosts of Duccaruinhi. By Arthur Tkemayne. That hoary old monopolist Europe has long cor nered with success the ghost market of the world, and though from time to time feeble attempts have been made by others, such as the United States and Australia, to break the "ring," the results attend- ing such well-intentioned efforts were unfavorable. A variety of " our ghosts," such as the celebrated " Fisher's Ghost," of Penrith, and others, proved to be frauds, and had a decidedly weakening ten dency on "our market," and enabled Europe to continue to re-assert with still more swagger than before that she was the only bona fide purveyor of ghosts on the planet, and adopt generally au inso lent and supercilious bearing towards the rest of the world, -when any section of it ventured to advo cate what is believed to be the claims ot some freshly discovered ghost of its own. Pride usually gets a fall in time, anil of late years Australia has given Europe a good few in boxing, operatic sing ing, rowing, torpedo , inventiort, and a variety of other lines too numerous to specify. Probably the possibly heavy foundation expenses and the uncer tainty of profits resulting may be an explanation of the evident disinclination of our American cousins, enterprising, to make any determined effort on their part, to.atmex a part at least, of the " ghost trade." And Australians, equally appreciative of the intrinsic merits of the almighty dollar, may have been, and probably were influenced by similar mercantile considerations. But some consider, no doubt, that "gold can 'be bought too dear," and that there is something better worth living for than this mad rush for wealth. To those feeling thus or in kindred our lugging behind the Old World civilisation or barbarism of Europe, has been a source cf trouble and pain, and while they are in different to mere pecuniary considerations they are always ready to give a patriotic cheer or a helping hand whenever Australia succeeds in going, or makes an honest endeavor to go, one better than " Old Europe." To this patriotic section of Aus tralian national life we feel assured we shall be the bringers of "tidings of great joy" when we rise as we. do now to assure them of information just re ceived that Australia can boast in all honesty and good faith that at last the continent in general, aud this colony in particular have got A real live ghost, and to express our hope that European monopoly may read therefrom the " signs on the wall" of their approaching demise in the ghost as well as other lines. We have spoken of a ghost. We are uncertain as yet whether we ought not to have said real live ghosts, for the disclosures " we are about to make favor strongly the presumption that there are two instead of one, but our inherent modesty, so characteristic of our race, prevents us. We must premise that naught is hero set down of malice a forethought, but is a faithful account, if not iu express words, at least in substance, of the statements made to us by an elderly traveller, etat 68, and Irish birth, and a juvenile of 15, describing themselves as father and son,v by name George Swanston, sen., and George Swanston, jnn.,-the elder formerly employed for 12 years by Mr. John Hawke, now an hotelkeeper at Bear Hill, near Glen Innes, but then a station owner, -tin? name of whose place was. Whitmore, in the same district Says George Swanston, sen. " It was some little l wcxwo, Huui uiavttiiiiig ew: we are tioing now in | search of work, that we pulled up one night on the I Grafton and Glen Iuues road about 30 miles distant | from Glen Innes we pitched our camp about sun down close to the. river or creek where stands an empty four-roomed house in good repair. We had been camped some time after having had a drink of i tea and a bite of a " johnnie," when we both noticed s plainly and distinctly a light, such as might he given by a wax match, steadily passing to and fro between the house and the river, and all of a sudden, we heard the ' divil's own hullabaloo' over on the verandah of the house, angry voices speaking, and a noise as of persons walking quickly np and down it, and then a loud screech or Gry, and some one rushed from the verandah and passed us towards the river, and the next moment we heard a great splashing -noise as of some one having fallen into the water. After that all was quiet. I didn't believe in ghosts then, and I'm sure I don't know whether I do so now or not, but being so well known in the district I made inquiries, and was told that at one tune the place was occupied by a blacksmith and his wife, who frequently disagreed amongst them selves, and in the end the wife rushed out,- after a violent quarrel between them, from the house and drowned herself in the river, and about a year after wards he shot himself, never having beeu himself again, as the saying : is, since his wife's death. Shortly after, or before, I forget which, three travellers ' camped in the house for the night, when they heard uoises about the place, and it appeared to be lit up quite bright all over. One of them went out to the rear to find out the cause, when he saw distinctly a w hite fornr lying on its back on the ground. Frightened out of such little wits as he possessed, he hurried back to his two mates, and they being also in a state of fear, they all three took up their things just as they were and cleared l ight out into the bush,, and never stopped- running as long as they luul breath, anil though the times be. real hard you couldn't get either one of them to live within 20 miles of that house if you paid them : a pound a day. Then again, sure, there was Dun can's men ; he's a well-known man and carrier in the district for years. They were coming back from Grafton, and they camped one night near the house. Their names were Bill Spatch, a German, and Bill Walker, an Englishman. While Walker was looking for firewood Spatch bears the same sort of row going on on the verandah as I told you .about' lief-ore, and a white form comes towards him.. He makes no more to do, but clears for all he's pverth up an ironliark :tree, aud never stopped until rhe got nearly to the top, about 100 feet from the : ground, and when his mate comes baek with the wood, and can't- see or get any answer to his eooey's he doesn't know what to make of it, for he, i Dcing away, iiau not Heard or 'seen anything. After ka long look he at last spies Spateh np the tree, but is a good while before he can get him to come, sdown. They yoked up again anil pushed on, and pitched a; fresh camp for that night, and now whenever Spatch has to go past there, as soon as ever he gets near that house he will always get right up on top of the loading, no matter how high it may lie, and down lie won't come until lie has left the haunted house a long way behind him. You may not believe me, but.; shure. it's the truth I'm telling you," parenthetically remarked the nar rator. Says Swanton, jum— "You "can take itfrom me, every word the old nil's said is gospel truth." And he proceeded forthwith to emphasise his asser tions with a variety of bad language of every pre? viously known shade or size, aud a large assortment entirely new, amply Illustrating, were it required, j the fertility of inind (?) of the youthful native, of . I the soil,, and tlie superiority of the rising genera- I tion over the dying one of its capacity to " paint the air -blue with profanity." We have nothing 1 further to add .with respect, to the ghosts at pre- j sent, anil decline making public our own convic- tious, hut leave our readers to form, their own un biassed aiid individual -views on the subject. Lord Jersey says that there is nothing connected with the principles ot Masonry of which any man need be ashamed, as their principles are founded upon the highest Chnstiau morality anil the highest- ideas of citizenship. " - - Rich specimens are still reported as "being dis covered at Mnrchison and Gnarlbine, West Austra lia. Nuggets weighing from 21b to 121b have been unearthed. Water has been struck by the Govern ment party iu search, not far from the new rush. ..Miss Shaw,, of the London Yiwics, hns been on a j visit- to Betidigff." She descended the 180 mine (the , deepest gold mine in the world), though the shaft was very wot. At the Duchess Tribute mine Miss Shaw had the pleasure of inspecting some very rich specimens. The general election of 1891 cost tho colony £15,490. ' 