Bathurst Scientific Society. ——♦—— ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of the Scientific Society was held on Saturday night, but the attendance was exceedingly poor. The chair was occupied by Rev. W. F. Beecher, B.A., in the absence of Dr. Spencer, President. ANNUAL REPORT. The following annual report was read by Mr. W. J. Clunes Ross, Secretary. Second Annual Report of the Committee of the Bathurst Scientific Society. The second year of its existence is nearly al- ways a trying time for a society of this descrip tion. The enthusiasm which generally marks the commencement of any new enterprise will probably have died out, while the society has not been long enough established to become a recognised institution with a body of steady members and workers. The committee there feel that they can fairly congratulate the mem bers on the present position and future pros pects of the society. During the past year monthly meetings have been held regularly, and some valuable papers read, including the following : — 'The Scientific Aspect of Common Things,' Rev. E. F. Becher, B.A. 'An Outline Scheme for the Drainage of Bathurst,' the President. 'Science in Solution to Health.,' Rev. E. Price. 'The Structure and Scenery of the Western Plains,' Rev. E. F. Becher, B.A. 'Ghosts,' S. W. Webb, Esqr., V.P. 'Telepathy,' Miss Bluett. 'The Geology of a Country in Reference to it's Scenery.' 'Remarks on the Theory of Coral Reefs.' It will thus be seen that the Society is not merely alive, but has displayed an active vitality. In addition to the papers many interesting specimens have been exhibited at the meetings. The attendance at the meetings has been small on several occasions, but the papers have gene rally been listened to by a fair number of members and good discussions have ensued. It was decided in October to have a botanical and geological excursion to Brucedale and this was so successful that another excursion was planned, and this took place on 19th November, the place visited being the Rockley Road, near Perth, when a large number of interesting plants were collected and a very pleasant after- noon spent by about 30 members and friends. The thanks of the members are especially due to Mrs. Sydney Webb and Miss Keyes for largely contributing to the success of these ex- cursions by providing refreshments, etc. About the middle of the year the subject of forming a branch of the Australian Home Reading Union was mooted at one of the meet- ings of the Society and as a result a reading circle was formed, which has since met regu larly. The total number of members who have paid their subscriptions for this year is 24, and, the expenses having been small, there is a balance in hand of £2 13s 10d. We therefore commence the present year in a very satisfactory financial condition. With the exception of the Rev. E. Price, who has left Bathurst, it is hoped that we shall retain all our old members and also enrol many new ones. The success and permanent existence of the society depends on the members. If each feels a personal interest in it and endeavours to pro- mote its prosperity, by regular attendance at the meetings, by introducing new members and visitors, by contributing papers, or notes on subjects of scientific interest, and by exhibiting specimens of various kinds the continued success of the society will be assured. If, on the other hand, only a languid action is shown and the work of carrying on the society left in two or hands there is danger that it will gradually decline and probably cease to exist at no distant date. In order to avoid this the com mittee appeal to the members, each to do his or her part during the present year so that at its close the new committee may able to present a still more satisfactory report. The balance sheet showed that while the income had only been £5 1s 4d, the expenses had not exceeded £2 7s 6d, leaving a credit balance of £2 13s 10d. On the motion of Mr. Page, seconded by Mr. Dryden, the report and balance sheet were adopted. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The Secretary said that it was usual to elect officers at the annual meeting, but as the attendance was so small he would suggest the postponement of this business until the meeting in February. The sugges tion was agreed to, and the business post poned accordingly. NEXT YEAR'S BUSINESS. The Secretary said that the February meeting would be held on the 11th of the month. Mr. Sadleir had promised a paper on architecture, but he was not sure whether he would have it ready. He (the Secretary) had secured some slides which he had in- tended exhibiting at a public meeting. He found that they would not answer for that purpose being only illustrative of fishes and he thought of giving a lecture on the Deep Sea at one of the monthly meetings. As the slides could not be kept very long a special meeting of the Society could be called. The chairman suggested that as many promises as possible for papers throughout the year should be secured, as by this means a greater interest would be taken in the business of the meetings. He referred to some interesting papers on electricity which he had recently read. This was a subject which could be written upon and much in- formation afforded. The Secretary said that it was a question whether they should not subscribe to some scientific journals. In Goulbourn this was done by the society, but the School of Arts there were not so generous as the Institution in Bathurst, in supplying literature of this kind. He also expressed a hope that the members would make a habit of taking short notes of anything fresh, they said when visiting different places. This would afford pleasure to the members at the meetings, and would give subjects for discussion. He also hoped that there would be a good at- tendance on the 11th February. It was resolved that in addition to the election of officers at the February meeting the secretary be requested to exhibit the slides. The meeting then closed. 