BIJOU THEATRE. There was a good attendance in the Bijou {Theatre on Saturday evening when an Aus \ tralian drama entitled " Ransom" was pro duced for the first time in Adelaide by the Dan Barry Dramatic Company. The play is of the adventurous and bushranging type, and although it can perhaps scarcely claim to " hold the mirror up to nature" as regards Australian life, either past or present, it is full of action and fine language. Almost all the men are picturesquely attired with gaudy sashes and high boots, and the costumes of the ladies are a credit to the bush. The story is that of a handsome young selector, Harold Graham, who is naturally in antagonism to the wealthy squatter, Philip Marlett, on whose run he has taken up land. There are other causes of dislike on the part of Marlett, as G raham has married the girl with whom tho squatter was in love. Graham, while riding with medicine to the hut of an old shepherd, is cap tured by the bushrangers, who inform his wilo that he will be hanged the next morning at sunrise unless she brings £1,000 ransom. This sum can only be obtained from Marlett, and after a great struggle with herself Mabel Graham agrees to fly to Europe with him if he gives her the sum necessary to save her hus band's life, her mental reservation being that she will kill herself if he insists on his bargain. She rides in on horseback with the ransom just in time to prevent the bushrangers from beginning revolver practice at an ace of hearts pinned on the snowy shirt of tho unfortunate selector. Marlett's plan is baulked by a clever young station hand in Graham's employ, and the squatter shortly, afterwards meets his doom at the hands of one of the bushrangers who has plotted revenge for 12 years owing to Marlett having " evicted" him and his young wife and child into the bush, where the two latter perished. Graham is accused of the murder, and sentenced to im prisonment for life. Fortunately the murderou3 outlaw is also in Berrima Gaol, New South Wales, and when very ill he is brought into Graham's cell by the authorities on the rather ghastly supposition that the dying man will be "nice company for him." The murderer I dies with due promptitude, and before he gives I up the ghost exonerates Graham of the crime. | There is an underplot which provides the comic relief, and in which a new chum, who is going to be an earl, I a henpecked husband and his wife and daughter ! figure. Miss Mildred Bolton, who courageously acted although suffering severely from a ' sprained foot, made a very good im j pression as Mabel Graham. Mr. Patten i looked well as the conventional selector ! in a crimson sash, and was as imposing and grandiloquent as Geo. Darrell himself could have been. Mr. Boothman had a thank less part as the villain Marlett, but he went through it in a busines3-like manner without too much scowling. Mr. Edwin Campbell as the new chum Gussia Howard looked as if Australia agreed with him, and Mr. Dan Barry provided amusement as Eiczgerald, the henpecked husband. Miss Dora Mostyn was really bright and perky as the young station hand, Galoping Tom, and made the play move whenever she was on the stage. Miss E. Sydney and Miss Gladys Duness did very well as Mrs. Fitzgerald and her daughter Angelina. Mr. Dalziell looked dark and dangerous as the head of the bushrangers, but Mick Ryder, the vindictive outlaw, seemed rather shaky on his pins, probably the result of brood irig over his wrongs for twelve long years, rfotne of the other bushrangers looked too much like travelling tinsmiths, and should be provided with red sashes and made to look mere blood thirsty. Mr. St. Clair was officially stolid as Sergeant Tom Coward, who is stated to be a historic character, not unidentifiable in Ade laide society, and who was connected with the real incidents which form the basis of ' Ransom." 