The Merchantmen. [BT EUDTAED KIPLING IN THB " PALL MALL."! King Solomon drew merchantmen, BecauBo of his desire For peacocks, apes, and ivory, From Tarshish unto Tyre : And Drake he sacked La Guayra, So stout of heart was he; But we b» only sailor men That use upon the sea. Coastwise-cross-seas-round the world and back again, Where the flaw shall head ua or the fall Trade) suits! Plain-sail-storm-sail-lay your board and tack again And that's the way we pay Paddy Doyle for his boots! Now we have come to youward To walk beneath the trees, And see the folk that live on land And ride in carriages. Oh, sure they must Se silly gulla That do with pains desire To build a house that cannot move Of sticks and bricks and mire. We bring no store of ingots, Of gold or precious stones, But that we have we gathered With sweat and aching bones ; In flame beneath the tropics, In frost upon the floe, And jeopardy of every1 wind That does between them go. And some we got by purchase, And some we had by trade, And some we took by courtesy Of pike and carronade At midnight, midsea meetings, For charity to keep. And light the rolling homeward-bound That rode a foot too deep. By sport of bitter weather We'ie walty, strained, and scarred From the kentledge by the kelson To the slings upon the yard. Six oceans had their will of us To carry all away Our galley's in the Baltic And our boom's in Mossel Bay. We've floundered off the Texel, Awash with sodden deals, We've slipped from Valparaiso With the Norther at cur heels : We've ratched beyond the Crossets That tusk the Southern Pole, And dipped our gunnels under To the dread Agulhas' roll. Beyond all outer ohartings We sailed where none have sailed. And saw the land-lights burning On islands none have hailed. Our hair stood up for wonder, But when the night was done, There rolled the deep to windward Blue-empty 'neath the sun. Strange consorts sailed beside ns (And brought us evil luck) ; The witch-fire climbed our channels And danced on vane and truck : Till, through the red tornado, That lashed us nigh to blind, We saw The Dutchman plunging, Full canvas, head to wind. We heard the Midnight Leadsman That calls the black deep down. Ay, thrice we heard the Swimmer The corpse that may not drown. On frozen bunt and gasket The sleet-cloud drave her lioata, When, manned by more than signed with ns. ' We passed the Isle o' Ghosts ! And North among the hummocks, A biscuit-toss below, We met the Bilent shallop That frighted whalers know ; For down a bitter ice-lane, That opened as he sped, We saw dead Henry Hudson Steer, North by West, his dead. So dealt God o' waterB with us Beneath the roaring skies, I So walked His signs and marvels ' j All naked to our eyes: « But we were heading homeward With trade to lose or make, Good Lord, they slipped behind us In the tailing of our wake ! Let go-let go the anchors ; Now shamed at heart are we To bring so poor a cargo home That had for gift the sea ! Let go-let go the anchors; O fools were we and blind The worst we saved with bitter toil, The best we left behind! Coastwise-cross-seas-ronnd the world and back again ! Where the flaw shall fail us or the Trades drive down: Plain-sail-storm-sail-lay your board and tack again And all to bring a cargo up to London Town ! 