A FRIENDLY INTERFERENCE. A traveller onus witnessed a scene not in the bills while visiting a country theatre somewhere iu Wisconsin. 'The ply was ftomr.o and Jttiitl, and the character of Borneo was fairly enacted and loudly applauded. The very model of the lOrer was before the tomb of tho Capulets, gazing upon the motionless form of her who had so attracted hi soul, and meditating an act which would send his spirit to that undis covered country where he supposed Juliet had gone. Juab as he exclaimed, "Here's to my love ! " und at the same timo raised the phial which contained the poison to Ida lips, a stalwart young countryman jumped upon tlie stage, ouizod him, dashed the plii'al from his hand, crushing it to atoms, and yelled oufc-- " Yer great fool, she ain't dead ! only been taking a, little sleepin' medicine. Didn't yer get the parson's letter?" "Sin-alt I" growled out the enraged tragedian, while the bouse fairly shook with laughter. " Why, yer gal ain't dead, I tall yer ! The way it was, they Wftnted to make Julie marry tlie chap thar," pointing to I'arie, "whose business you have just settled, but I tell yer Julie was true; she got her buck right up, und vowed slio wouldn't do it, even if while she War lying in the vault the ghost of the other fellow you kilt should dash her brains out with the bones of some of her dead cousins. Wal, her dander war up, and she took the stuff' the parson fixed, so she could play tho possum till you got hum. That's the way ib war," replied the country man, giving tho lover a tremendous poke in the ribs with his elbow, and at tho same time loosing his bold. " Curses on thu fellow !" muttered the raring tragedian, as he stalked behind the scones. " Wal, now," said tlie countryman, front ing tho audience, "if that ain't a leotle the meanest cuss I ever did soe ! That's all the thanks I got for stoppin' him from pizenin' hlsxelf. Hope to be swashed if over I go to Intel fore ag'in when a feller wants to murder hisself I" he continued, as he clumbered hack to his scat, jtiab in time to pre von I. his upper ntorey fioin coining iu contact with the cur tain as it doscended. 