CHAPTER VI. THE BOTTOM BT7HG. " Both Goethe and Schiller were pro foundly convinced that Art was no luxury of pleasure, no mere amusement to charm the idle, or relax the careworn j but a mighty influence^ serious in 'its aims, al though pleasurable; in its means; a sister of JJeligion, by whoseaid the great world scheme was wrought into reality."—Lb was*. Life of Goetke. Andrew had thought Mr Finns' editorial sanctum terribly dingy and inconvenient, but it. was a palace compared to the one into which he was ushered. It was little more than .a dirty box with a hole in it, while, owing to the fact that an oil stove, the only means of-warming the box, was in a bad condition, the smell of paraffin was simply abominable. Certainly the glories of literature did not seem glorious at present. . The man in the box turned round on Mr' ; 'inns' entrance, and greeted him familiarly. L" Holloa, Pinns, what have yon got in my way ?"• " Perhaps mot much,-perhaps a great deal,", replied .Mr Pinns gravely. Let uie introduce to you this young gentleman, Mr Andrew' Fairfax." Then, turning to Andrew," he said, "This is Mr Adolphus Veilnm, the editor of a -large number of serials for young people." ^Mr-.^dolphus Vellum looked far. more, like a barman than an editor. He had a faces that was large, red, and: florid. He woresa great deal of yewellery'that didmot look of a veiy firsfc-iate order. His shirt front was dirjty,.and his nails were in a 'very bad condition.. Stall Mr Adolphus appeared"ehfe«d,and«radmtly understood hisbusiness. . . He stared atAndrewasthoughke-were not sure aboutJus position. He had. the appearance of a-gentleman bf means, while his beihg therein hhe.compamy of Mr Finns suggested hte connection with the lowei walks of literature.. JSpi before committing liiMself A>y=ei£bfir speaking in a iriendly or in an -editorial .way,- he..asked Mr Pinns what heeodld'do for Mr Fairfax, ^Tfals-youngman has beennnfor£hnate,' said Mr Pinns. -- ' Mr£ i^db^ihiis Veilnm knew how to treat Andrfew-then^S,\ " Ah, l .s'poselBO," he said. . "''Don't mistake me,",-said Mr Pinns while , Ahdrew-' writhed. " He has- been brought up as aricbvmaa's'son. The man whomjie belieifedl tojbe bis near relation dieflihnd he-has-fee^thrown on thewbrld. •' Well,-what for that ?" asked Mr Adol phus'Vellum, looking at Andrew from head to foot. v. . " I have taken 'him on my staff," said Mr,Pinns with dignity, "and 1 have brought him't6 you, as 1 know he could Le of service to you." "That be bio wed!" 3aid Mr Vellum with polite emphasis. "If "he's what you say heis, jrhat use. is he to meP 1 want no greenhorns "Here." Had Andrew been alone, he would have walked out,and left Mr Adolphus Veilnm in possession'of his box with all its dignity, but Mr Finns gave him a look which de cided him to remain. - Mr Fairfax ,faag: greatliterary taste, great Mteri^^abilitiy. He is a scholar—a University" man, . ih fact, and perfectly acqoainted with. .French and Herman " ab Mr Pinns gave this little speech, he looked- /-vastly important, and waved his handasthough heweredoing Mr Adolphus Vellum a great honour. . "Indeed, he made an- impression- on that gentleman, who began to unbends little. ■;.;" And what can 1 do for Mr -Fairfax ?" he said, with editorial dignity. . - " He wishes to enter the, field of litera ture as a profession," said Mr Pinns. " He wishes to -rival Thackeray, Dickens, and Dumas j so I've brought him to you.'"' " -All this time Andrew had not spoken. At first he was indignant and disappointed, but be became interested and amused. ' Mr Vbllum turned to Andrew. ";Of ' bourse yon will understand," he said, "that the author is borh, and not made.. If you wish to take a position in literature, it must be by steady persever ance. 1 myself," and he swelled with dignity, " have had to win my spurs. J begin as a—a printer's devil, in fact, ana now I'm—well, Pinns knows -what 1 am," and he looked proudly around his box. "I have brought Mr Fairfax to yon Veilnm,"—and Mr Pinns became some what brusque, that is, he lost for a moment his editorial dignity—" because I knew that you—yon would on my recommenda tion give what he might send to you—a —a—fair reading.-' " Yes, oh yes," said Mr Vellum, with importance. " You most know," turning to Andrew again, " that editors in such a large way as 1 am," and he looked com placently around his box, "can't waste time in reading the staff of men unknown to literature. As a rule we must have men of note. Why, think of the men who write for us ? There's Wilkins and Lewkins, and many more equally renowned. Of course 1 made their fortunes, but we are always honorable, and stick to old contributors. Onr readers- are on the look-out for well known writers, so 1 can assure you that yon are very fortunate in getting Pmns to recommend you, Otherwise, 1 couldn t think of granting you such an interview as this." Even to Andrew the dirty box with a hole in it began to grow in importance. " I am sure it is very kind of you," s&id; Andrew. " Might 1 ask what Mr Wilkins and Mr Lewkins wrote ?" " What! did you never hear of "Wilkins, author of The Battle with the Ghost, of of j Lewkins, author of Three Spring- heeled I Jacks ? Why, man, where have you lived ?" | " Well, I've lived among text-books a I good deal," said Andrew, " and so I am not j conversant with current literature." f I should think that you muBt have lived out .of the world,* said Mr Vellum. " Why, we've sold thousands of copies of The Battle with the Ghost." "It's a striking title," said Andrew. " Might I ask what it's published at P" «l^e publish everything at a uniform 1 price/' sai/d Mr Vellum. "We charge a penny for everything." Andrew said nothing, but he could not help smiling. j "Might I ask. your rate of payment?"; he said. " Some pays a uniform price for every thing," said Mr Adolphus Vellum, with dignity; " we doesn't." His grammar was defective at times, and although 1 have not inserted them, his conversation was often garnished with peculiar epithets, " There are some," he went on, " as always pays sixpence a page, but we," tapping his j breast, "always recognise ability and ex-1 perience, and are willing to pay for it. We Begin at fouipence a page, and we've gone as high as eighfpence-ha'p'ny." Of course, that's very seldom ; out we've done it." " How many words in a page ?" " Three hundred as near as a toucher." "So if you accepted anything from me, you would begin by giving me fourpence." " That's it. Of course, to get on is the great thing. Many authors is glad to write for nothing at first; but as I say, we pay fourpence. Then we can always com mand a sale, so we place a before the public immediately. When we put our name on the title-page of a book, the public knows it's good." Andrew did not dare to ask what name, as such ignorance would be unpardonable. "Then," went on Air Adolphus Vellum, " we translates from the French. For that we also pay well." : " Might I ask how much ?" " Well, there, it's a case of reckoning against genius. Of course, genius is rare, so for that matter is scholarship. So we put one against the other, in this manner. We reckon scholarship as about equal to high-class ability; but not up to genius. As I said, for right down genius we've paid as much as eightpence-ha'p'ny a page, but for high-class ability we pays sixpence a page; so we also pays sixpence a page for translations." "And if I write something for yon, of what nature should-itbe?" ! " Plenty of .action. Pightin' and Tobbin' and midnight meetia's, and like that. Bead the police news a goodish bit; and look here^you can -take back some things as a sample of .what we publish," where upon MrAdolphus Vellum opened a cup board that wan placed on the side of the box, from which he took half-a-dozen penny books, the covers of which were embellished with pictures of a very startling nature. "This is the kind of thing we do^".con tinued Mr Vellum,:"and it is the only thing as goes.right well. Of course I can't pro mise to take what you write offhand, and, as T said, 1 shouldn't have looked at any thing but for such a recommendation as Finns.' But if you can bring me some thing slashing—well, we're good for four pence a page, a page meaning three hundred words as near as a toucher. Stay, though; on Pinn's recommendation I'll give you a French thing to translate. It's a juicy thing, and we'll pay sixpence for that if it's well done." _ " But suppose 1 were to give my whole | time to writing and translating for you, how much could I make?" asked Andrew. " Well, that just depends upon the quickness of your working. Some men can and do write as many as twenty pages a day. That at fourpence a page comes to six and eightpenoe, which me^ns a matter of two pound a week. Of course, when you can command the top price, the income is is—is—princely.'' "And Mr Vellum looked like a merchant prince who contemplated endowing a hospital; nay, rather, he looked like a member of a Hoard of Guardians,. promising some poor outdoor-relief woman a matter of sixpence a week more on ac count of continued sickness. | Andrew left soon after, and went hack to his den with a weary heart. Mr Finns ac companied him a part of the way, and assured him that Mr Vellum would, doubt less,-accept his stories if he would put Sufficient blood- curdling excitement into them. J "Goodness knows ! have work enough at last," thought the young man. " What with collecting news for Mr Pinns's paper, reviewing his hooks, and writing for Mr Adolphus Vellum,-! have my hands full." And he laughed almost bitterly. He sat down before his smoky fire, and began to think. It was a dreary prospect that lay before him. He, educated as a ;gentleman, obliged to work for a man like Mr Adolphus Vallum inorder to get bread! Surely, surely he could, do something else! He thought of his experiences in trying to :get work, and he could- see not. aparticle of hope in that quarter. " Then his mind went back to theoid life, and he thought of his old friends. he ' Mid bitterly, .setting hie teeth^ '"'T will rattier starve than have any- j ihing to "do witii .theni. -'Besides, I should j goniadiinAW. to.ibe- dependent on any one ; tor my bread. I'll face the matter fairly. I I'm a working farmer's -son. I have no J aristocratic blood in my. veins. All my an- . cestors worked among the fields for a hare I living/ tttfas'byjjHire Accident I got lifted - intoahpther sphere, of jife. 1 had no right to it; I never did'<anythiug for it: T am a plebeian. "-Btill, 1 have enough/of iny fore^! fathers' honesty and pride, in me not to he dependent bit, or .-sponge on, Any -one." L have hands and brains, and 1 can work. It is no-use for me to go hungering after the old life. It.can never he mine until I have J earned it." Again he set before his mind the em ployment he hadobtained. Gathering one | column of news a week, for Which he was to receive five shillings ! An occasional re view of some cheap hook by an unknown J publisher, which might bring him half a crown extra. In addition to this there was , "penny dreadful" work for Mr Adolphns j Vellum. He had heard of the " penny dieadful" literature before, but he never knew what it meant until now, and the thought that he was to engage in it was almost sickening. " 1*11 see what this French thing is like," I he said; and accordingly he proceeded to ] read it. It belonged to one of the worst phases of French literature. It was written to catch the eye of the French youth. It made' heroes of burglars, thieves, pickpockets and blacklegs, it hid tneir vileness by a coat of bravado and physical courage, while for heroines, music-hall favourites, and the like, lost to purity, hut still made attrac tive to evil minds, were chosen. It was the ditchwater of literature, calculated to poison, to ruin the lads and girls who might read it. And yet it was the work of an educated man. It bore the stamp of culture. It revealed the writer's intimacy with the classics ; it pointed out on every page that he was a man of power. Andrew flung it from him. " No, no," he said, " I will never trans late such poison as this. I'llnever disgrace j my pen by tracing such things on paper. I'll starve first." And this was literature—this was the ] work he had adopted! " No," he cried, "I won't do it. I'll try to get work again. I'll emigrate first. I've got enough money to take me to one of the colonies, and tnere I'll get work as a farmer. I shall quickly pick it up, and be able to earn an honest living that way." He sat down at the little table, and began to write— . " Deab Mn Pinks,— " I have decided, after all, not to accept ] the post you kindly offer me as a member of j your staff " He wrote so far, and stopped". The words refused to come freely, and he hit his pen holder fiercely. He forced himself to write again, however. <-.1 have come to the conclusion that I am not suited for a literary life, and so "have abandoned the idea of becoming " Again he stopped, and looked around the room. He thought some one was there speaking to him ; but it was quite empty, and he tried to write again. In vain, how- , ever. It seemed as though words were ringing in his ears, telling him his duty. j " I can't do it," he said, aB if in answer, while the response to him was, " You must be an author. It is your vocation in life, and it is at yonr peril that you fail in your work." He threw down his pen, and again the picture of an ideal literary career appeared to him Then, again, it was an inspired life, expressing the highest and best hopes of the people. For a time his eyeB were opened and he saw that an ideal writer should fight for truth and righteousness, even as Gideon fought for the Lord long ages ago. He saw him revealing to the world the gaping sores of the time, and ottering balms by which ; they could be cured- He saw him as a prophet, telling how, through purity and love, j a brighter age should dawn, and a higher j life he realized, : For a time lie was lost to his surroundings. He was no longer conscious o£ the shabby room in which he wrote. He forgot his in terview with the editor of the " penny dreadful" literature. He seemed to hear far voices crying for help. He fancied he saw eager faces with great longings expressed on them, but they did not seem to know what these longings were. He saw life downtrodden and weary; he saw men into whose eyes the gleam of trne hope had never come. But above all came the feeling that i he must explain their hopes, that he must tell the g'ad news whereby they might know the meaning of life. I have but dimly and poorly portrayed this part of .my friend's life. He never cared to talk very much about it. It seemed too sacred, he said. To him it came as a vision from God, and he dared not disobey. " I'll stay in London," he said at length ; " at any rate I'll stay until I feel I ought to leave. I feel that 1 have another life than interest. I must do my duty." He threw asile the filthy French novel. " I cannot translate it," he said ; " but I'll write stories for boys that shall be worthy their reading. I'll make them inter esting and exciting ; but I'll make them true, and manly, too. I'll not preach, but I'll try and lead them to love purity, truth, and nobleness." After that his mind became settle!. He put away the letter he had began writing to Mr Pinn8. and started to work out a plot of a story for which Mr Adolphus Vellum, editor of the "penny dreadful" series, had agreed to pay him the magnificent sum of tourpeace a page. 