CHAPTER XI. " LO-AN." Proceed my shifty story! I a lonely wanderer in theso paths, where but recently the lamented Julia lent me sweet association. Once more ye mountains, and once more ye lonely streams, amidst the gloomy glories of primeval wastes, behold we strange and weird-like dwellers of the wilderness. Albeit by the terror-smitten shores, the coveteous whites have jostled nature with a ruthless onslaught scattering her votaries in heedless flight, with shrieks and cries of fear and lamentation ; Albeit, the sea-birds that were wont to rest one legged upon the wave-washed Bands now ride well out to sea or flitter high above the haunts of men; and bounding beasts and unwingod birds, that whilom camo to lick or basic beside the. Baity rocks, have made inland to seek a quiet beat; Albeit, more over, that dusky warriors have fought and fled and died by hundreds whore the sun rises and the cross hangs over; yet here amidst the babbles and the murmurs of the mountains, where the birds twitter to the unroused boasts, no gleam of culture's flash ing glory streaking the horizon of benighted savagedom, behold we, strange and woird like dwellers of the wilderness. Here still exist in pristine grandeur the lofty ash trees and the lean-stemmed pine, the burly gums and blossom- gilded wattles; likewise the gurgling broo'klets leaping down the stony Bolitudes, and a million varied hues of flower and feather make fair feast for beauty loving eyes. ^ y To the east a flock of ibis rise with-a sudden whh'l; from off tho -yellow; grass lands, and dimly on a distant mound; tli'e eye discerns a moving speok- the rude' disturber of their peace. . Slowly at first it|s.eems to move-tha,t dark spook on the sear i downs-but aB1 it ranges more into vision, the oye outlines a warrior hastening with all speed across the plain towards Lake Boiil. Onward he speeds, the fleetfooted runner panting like a hard pressed racer, straining every nerve and muscle; and right along his track the startled beasts bound hither and tHither in sudden flight .the screaming fowl rise up in flocks. Their sudden.fear abated the beasts and lbii'ds resunied ,'the lazy meal; but from'; his dizzy, kingdom; the oircling eagle may behold that solitary runner speeding onwards fevered and breathless, with rapid and prodigious strides. Ye shining swans with gloaming wings cast from mid-air your clanging notes in wailitfgs and beseechings^ for yonder swift footed warrior careering like a frightend steed is but the herald of the hot and eager host, who, pushing forward in the race for riches, are coming to invade the time hallowed silence of your wooded home. Yuroka took Monindie to hid gunyah, as we have seen, and then proceeded to perform , his office, in the ceromony, , of making y6ung menV j The youths about" to be initiated to the' state of fuHmanliood were seated in a row, and all through the camp in irregular order, the women were beating with waddies<their rolled up rugs of skins. The cerernony had reached tho introducing stages when there aroso from the rear of "the-camp a loud shout. Uttered at first by one voice, it soon spread hom mouth to mouth " Lewin 1 Lewin I" (a messenger 1 a messenger.!) ... . . ThrbwB! into confusjpn^by,., tbo"j.unusual event, tins'1 wliole' tribk' efowded' to 'tlfe rear of the camp^and there beheld a breathless, dustsmearod warrior leaning on his spear; some 40 yards from the throng. Yuroka; stepped forward, aud placing his spearj horizontally across his breast (a sign of friendship); asked: /?' . !.". Gurndie wando ?'*' (who aire you) [. i f. :.«! W.t^Widt^rabrolu^j^. Kdrndl ngin~ lewin Kurmai(I " am" Wulc:Wuk, Brabrolung, and Kurmai-a messenger from Kurmai) " What do you want r : T " Give mo water and I will speak." They brought him water in a coolamon of. bark, and after drinking greedily he said " Hear me Womra : I have words from' the lewin (messenger) of Briakoluiiy, who1 heard from the lewin coming northward from' Tatungolung, and they say ' yauagie Lo-an 1'amboginni; Petri werri Kntchi,' (como along here,> white ghost, walk' about devil). This was my message to you, but an evil spirit seized me as I came, and two moons I camped; and whilst I camped the lo-an (whitemen) Jhave approaohed the Womra warragery and I saw them on the hills as I passed. Fly with all haste for they ard Mlang-inri (lightening-eyed) and can slay with a glance." Then the women ront the air with a wild wailing ory, and the men stood anxious and irresolute, a few crying out " let us fly ! let us fly!" " Fools!" cried Yuroka standing before them sternly indignantly. " Are you frightened by suoh a shallow story ? This i^ not' lewin ' but' Benning ' (a spy) ; where are the 1 lewin Bhini ?" (saored cicatrices insignia of office). Turning his loft shoulder towards the' Womra people the messenger showed to' hinft the sacred scars of his office, and a murmur of approval greeted the action. Yuroka, however, was not.satisfied, and! he asked : \ MVhjr did yota take so long in coming ? What spirit kept you by the way ?" " Yuroka, I believe Brewing* did hook me' with the eye of his throwing stiok." To doubt for a moment any statement in the wording of which the name of Brewin was introduced would have been to the1 Womra blacks as serious a step as that of an1 *< One of the clans of the Kurmai tribe in' Gippsland was Brabrolung, and one of the divisions of that olan was Wuk-Wuk. Englishman's disbelieving his neighbour who swears by his God," and turning to his people Yuroka addressed them : '« Warriors of the Worara, I believe the whiloman is upon us,. but lot us not fly before them. We 'are many, they are few, and by our spears they shall die. When the grey heads say these Lo-an are Yamboginni (ghosts), believe them not, for do they not light fires by night, and toil on the path by light of day? Yamboginni come forth by night only. Go then make ready your weapons and when the sun goes down we will taire the road to the..path to the mountains." " i Loud cries of Yiwha-tun (well-said) responded to this speech, and although a .few old men whose superstitions were firmly grounded, muttered murmurs of discontent, the remainder of the day waB employed in fixipg quartz points upon their spears, and a general' overhauling of weapons. Early in the evening the last labours of preparations were completed and the wairiors gathering in groups around the Warragery, began to talk and speculate about the coming struggle. At first they thought of the whilo usurpers with awe and fear, but^under the influence of Yuroka's words and the lewin's statement respecting1, tho great inferiority in numbers of their hew enemies, they gradually gained courage and as tho sun neared tho western horizon, they displayed their wonted eagerness for the fight. The last lingering rays of sunlight faded on the hillsides as Yuroka, leaving his newly wedded Meriindie in tears, came forth from his gunyah equipped for the struggle. :,r ..... It was a tipie honoured custom of otlie Womra'' blaoks to perform two : dances previous to.a fightfandfat aigiyGft siknolall fighting men assembled, and went through the round of defiant and threatening gestures which composed the first of these dances, whilst the women gathered around and sang their war-song., r -iv When the dance: was/completed, the* warriors went .forth fin' silerice,Xand whim they had got boyond ear-shot of tho camp, tho women, who, lest the warlike spirit engendered by the war-dance should be diminished by auy show of weakness had allowed their cba'mpions. to^dejifaffc withoutl anyv.sliow^of ' stfrr'ow'i'began? to wail most'! piteously crying, "ziel zieT* After many hours of incessant marching -at first oyer qp'eri plains, and.through the Inarrow atfd aiffibnifTv passages' of 1 the mountains, Yuroka brought his band together on a small opening in the heart of the ranges, aud signify his intention of going forward witti the Uioin who was acting as guide to reoonnoitre the position of the enemy, adjured them to remain until his return. - ® After an absence, of, about twoAhourB' duration, he reappeared and placing him self in a position of prominenco once more addressed them: yv ''M&Warripra; |of« the .Womra, I have seen ttfe Lo-cmk TheyijhavpWlighted 'their fires, and'built'white gunyahs in thd valley where the Womra slew the Maneroii, and the great spirit is good to us, for: wo are twenty, to one, and can smite them from the.rocks on either side, so that by one casliiiig of our spears all of them shall bo slain, \3Vc will travel on in the darkness and, creeping through the shadows, surround them, aud when morning comes I will, givo the signalt the cuHew's cry, and evWy man' will cast' his spear.: / .B.ut.»if<7our; spejira. be turned, aside and Lo-an sends fort his lightning to destroy us, grasp tight your nulla-nullas, and, whon I leap forward,,let, us, dash together upon them; then the pale-faced' warriors must die, for nono can stand against the nulla, charge of the .Womra. Spare none! Slay them to a rhan for'the land is ours and we will not give it up." As the oration terminated the moon shone out above the mountains and cast a wan light down into the valleyi:.and:the warriors danced their second war- dance; It was a strange, weitd spectacle-that silent dance in those wild rogions at the dead of night... The .ghost-like mountains, the dim night- shades, the flashing spear points, and the painted figures flitting noiselessly as phantoms through the pale moonlight, all combined to make the scene suggestive of some dark spirit-land. After that dance they filed away through the ranges up a rocky path which wound and twined to the summit of a black and: jagged mountain, whioh mountain over looked from an elevation of some hundreds of feet the camp-fires of their foes. Thferi they separated, and distributed themselves amongst tho rocks and sorub. Creeping, gliding noiselessly , under cover of tho darkness, the rooka'&'nd trees, they contrived without betrayiug their presence, to completely surround their foes at a distance of from 70 to 100 yaris. Yuroka, having satisfied himself that this manoeuvre was executed with success and that nothing more could be done before daylight, stole down to the cover of a rock, whidh projected not more than forty feet above the Lo-t\n camp. Passing through the dense foliage, he beheld two large white tents within an enclosure built with sapling-an enclosure evidently erected for tho purpose of guarding against spears in case of an attack- On tho far side of, and joining this rude struoture another enclosure was formed by the waggons, drays, and paraphernalia of the oaravan, and within this were secured the horses and live stook. {To be Continued.) \ * " Brewin" was the,chief of evil spirits aooording to the belief of the Kamilaroi tribes and wtfs supposed by. them to be at .the seat of allsiokness. For quality in cakes and pastry 0. Smith is noted. Give him your catering and it will bo promptly executed.* Wo mnBt heartily recommend Wolfe's Schnapps as ft pure invigorant, Rood alike for men, women, and even infants. It tones and braces up the system and aids digestion. Ono pound orders aro placed under tho labels of many of the large bottles. To soouro tho genuine article buy a whole bottlo nnd don't be lmpoxcd nn by imitations, Wolfo's Schnapps is a well known and woll tried stimulant and was sold fifty years ago by Chemists as a Tonic. 