Sajiitaby. — During the westerly winds which prevailed through the week, the towns people, more particularly those residents of Bridge-street, have had their olfaotory nerves considerably agitated by vile smells emanat ing from the dead bodies of several animals on the adjaoent plain. On Sunday night the stench was aomethinir abominable, and almost ?nbearable. This sort of thing should not exist in any town, especially where municipal bodies exist. In the past the plain alluded to has been largely used aa a resting place for dead beasts ; if these were buHed it would not be ao bad, but when left on the surface to undergo gradual decay, it is calculated to do considerable harm by the introduction of typhoid and'other vile diseases. Coraki-Broadwater Road.— It will be seen by an official letter in this issue that Mr. J. Perry, M.F., has brought the disgraceful condition of this road under notice of the Minister, and has applied to have the road raisctl to first-olass, and put in a fit state to admit of vehicular traffio. Considering that it is one of the oldest roads in the ilistnct, is as frequently used as any other route in the district, and has never been dry for the past seven years, Mr. Perry's reasonable request should be complied with. The Weather. — On Monday afternoon last we were visited by ^ a heavy thunderstorm, accompanied by a fair downpour of rain, and a few hailstones. It is very evident, however, that what we received was a mere nothing in comparison to other parts. On the mountains round about Lismore the storm was pretty severe, considerable damage having been dono to gardens and orchards by hail, which is re ported to have been very large. The fall of rain was just the thing for cane planters, and also for cane that had been planted, and which required moisture to give it a start. During the week it. has been fine anil very warm, several days being excessively so. O11 the whole the weather has so far been favorable, and should it continue, anil we are saved from tho ravages of floods, tho district will soon recover itBelf. Farmers' Representative.—' Weareplcased to note that our remarks with referenco to the formation of Farmers' . Unions has been thought over by 'some of the farmers. It will bo noticed 111 this issue that a meeting has been called for the 4th November, under the auspices of the Farmers' Union of Coraki, to discuss the advisability of securing the services of a representative who will watch over the interests of the agriculturalists. As this meet ing will be the . first for the purpose fanners should attend in full force. Almost every other class is well represented in the House, anil the farmers should also combine and send in men who nre directly interested in the pursuit. It is to be hoped that the meeting will be well attended, and satisfactory ar rangeinents'made. Patent Granted. — After a lengthy and vexatious delay Mr. David Townley, the well known agricultural implement maker of Lis more; has succeedcd in obtaining a patent for the improved disc harrow. We havo seen numbers of these implements, as well as Mr. Townley 'a sulky ploughs, at work, and the eu logistic terms in which the purchasers refer to them show that they arc indispensable imple ments upon any well regulated farm. Mr. Townley s advertisement appears in this issue. Cricket Match. — To-morrow (Saturday), 28th instant, a match will be played on the Woodburn ground between an eleven repre senting the Waratah Club (Coraki), and the Woodburn players. The following have been selected to do battle for Coraki;— Messra. W. Nolan, T. Pidcock, J. Stevens, A. Percy, D. Cameron, W. Miller, C. Yabsley, T. Yabsley, O. Clark, J. M'Rae'G. Rankin. W. Dixon Emergency. Death at New Italy.— On Saturday last one of the pioneers of this settlement named Johanna Battazsto passed over to the great majority at the ripe old age of 80. Deceased hail been ailing for some time and his last ill ness was very, severe. His remains were in terred at South Woodburn on Sunday after noon. Daniel Ddfo.nt Cans. — Mr. Thomas Robin son, of Chatsworth Island, forwarded to us this week a couple of splendid stalks of this famous cane. A large quantity of this cane is being brought to this river from Mr. Robin son's farm, and we understand be has still a few more cuttings for sale. Evans River Flood Escape. — In the As sembly on the 19th instant Mr. Perry asked the Secretary for Public Works :—(!.) Has he any intention of passing a Betterment Bill this session? (2.) If not, docs he intend to make provision on the Estimates for the flood escape scheme ou the Richmond River, pend iug the passing of the measure? Mr. Lyne answered ; It is my intention to introduce a Betterment Bill this session. Coraki Progress Association. — A meeting of this boil}' took place an Friday evening last at M'Lean's Coraki Hotel. The business con sisted of adopting rules. The election of officers was postponed until the next meeting on November 3rd at which there will 110 doubt be a good attendance. Mr. J. M'Lcan very generously offered tho free use of a room for holding meetings in. Prior to the meeting it was stated by a member that one of the ahlennen hail expressed himself entirely against a Progress Association, and did not see there was any necessity for such. We would endorse that opinion if it could be shown that even one matter outside the town had received attention since tho death of the Progress Association. But as nothing has been done outside the town, anil very little inside of it, there appears to be all absolute neces sity for a live Progress Association, and 110 doubt an influential body will be got together without the aid or influonco of the aldermen in question. Coraki has much to thank its first Progress Association for auil the one now formed will doubtless do good. A Difference Skttx.ed. — The application of J. J. Malone for a special license for some 40 acres of land at what is known as Figtrec Bend, 011 the North Arm, was at the last sitting of the Laud Board in Lismore, granted. It appears the land in question bus been held under annual lease by John Walsh, who, it is said, has made improvements to the value of about £150. The Board held that Walsh oould have applied for a special lease while holding an annual one, and knowing this he had made the improvements at his own risk. An annual rent of £30 was offered, but it was fixed by the Board at £6 5, the lease to be subject to the right of the Crown to resume for the purpose of cutting a canal. A more satisfactory way to ileal with these leases would be to advertise them by tender, uud allow the Crown Lands Agents to deal with them. As matters are now, these useless and expensive institutions termed Land Boards are simply a serious block to the settlement of the people ou the land, und the time luisquite arrived for their abolition. These Boards — in most cases the nominees of members of Parlia ment, with political influence as the ,ouly re commendation for the olHce — occupy much the same position as the Truant Inspectors did, only are more useless and costly, ami if entirely alwlished we feel certain the duties they so unsatisfactorily perform could be done better and very much cheaper by the Police Magistrates of the country. Life Assurance.— It is always a pleasure to chronicle un act of liberality, whether in an individual or an institution, und we therefore draw attention to the notification of tho City Life Assurance Society iu our special adver tising columns of to-day's issue. It is a com plaint often lodged against, life nssuranuc offi ces that they will take a man's money as long as he is able to pay, and then make a profit out of the transaction by forfeiting the policy in the eveut of his inability to continue the payments. Tho City Mutual Life, one of the youngest of our life offices, recognising that each individual policy is entitled to special recognition, auil conscious of its own strength, ImlilTy comcs forward at a time when liberality in most needed, and plainly tells ils old policy holders who are unablo to 'pay l lmt. they shall not- loso a single penny of tho money they havo paid in. Fortified, as we understand it is, in it* action by the best English aud colonial ac tuarial advice, it has set 11 worthy example to the life office* ef Australasia. Auction .Sales. —On Saturday, November 4th, at 2 o'clock, Messrs. Page and M'Dotigall will offor for sale by auction at their rooms, Casino, that valuable property known as George Olive's, -at Myall Creek, containing 286J acres of land, well mid substantially im proved. Those in search pf a first- class grazing v?and agricultural ntonertv should inspect this before day of sale. Also at the samo time auil place they will offer an allot ii)uiit of land in tlie rising town of Lawrence, on .which is erected a cottage. Ou the lltli Mr. John Lang will offer for sale several valuable farms containing both grazing anil agricultural land of the best description. Full particulars of these valuable properties oan ' be scon by referencu to our advertising columns. Closing of Tenders.— Contractors are re minded that tenders for improvements to Richmond Terrace, Coraki, close on Monday next, 30th inBtaut. Those who contemplato tendering for this work should therefore loso no time in placing their tenders in the hands of the Mayor. Accepted Tenders ? The following tenders for conveyance of mails have beon accepted : — Tenterfielil to Cusino and Lismore (coach), J. Jcrvis, £079 ; Drake, Lunatic Reefs and Pretty Gully (via Jump up Mines), R. Hooton, £37 ; Lawrence to Casino, F. Vesper (coach), £55 ; Coraki-Casiuo, E. Andrews, £73 ; Wharf to office, Lismore, J. M'Lcnnan, £20 ; Lis more-Balliua, £65; Lismore- Jiggi, N. Gordon, £18; Lismore-Dorroughby Grass, J. E. James, £50 ; Wardell- Alstonville, J. Harris, £47 ; Wharf to office, Ballina, 0. Coleman, £20 ; Ballina to Brunswick, 1). Wells, £158 ; Ballina to North Creek, J. Ro3s, £20 ; Coora bell Creek to Mullambimby, H. Livingstone, £49 ; Murwillumbuh to Tumbulgum,' T. Logan, £52. Rough on the Cavalry. — A Sydney cor respondent writing to a contemporary last week says : — ' Sydnoy is abominable just now with flashy amateur militarism and every thing thereto appertaining. The infantry, in its brown rig-out and bush hat, swarins on the trams and swaggers about t he streets in hordes. The great military tournament is a sort of peaceofifering by tho Government, apparently, to the volunteer element, whose annual bap tism of dust and beer has been retrenched away.' Dyraaba Milt, — This sugar mill, which was erected by Messrs. M'Auley and M'Leod at Woodford Leigh somo years ago at a cost of over £12,000, has been disposed of to Mr. F. Buss, of Bundabrcg, Queensland, for the suin of £1500. All the muchiucry auil ap pliances connected with the plant are in good order, and at this figure it must prove a bar gain to tue purchaser. Venus and a Comet.— The Rev. George Martin writes : — 111 observing the planet Venus this (Thursday) evening jnst after sun set, with a 4in. Grubb equatorial, I was sur prised to find a comet in the same telescopic field with, the planet. I thought at first that it must be a ghost, or some flaw in the glass ; but on turning the telescope on to the iTouble star Antnres, I found things all right and the little companion to the star quite distinct. On re-observing the planet with various powers the comet was a fine object. In rela tion to the planet the nucleus was south, fol lowing, and the tail spread out in a fan-like curve, in part enveloping tho planet but in nowise detracting from its brilliancy. For a few moments to the naked eye the planet was iuvolved in a distinct nebulosity, though no clouds were in the sky near the planet.' S.J/. Herald. 13th. [This is the comet re ported by Mr. Henderson, of Wardell, in our columns fully a mouth ago. — Ed.] A Free Fight. — On Thursday morning at the close of the sitting of the Legislative As sembly a 'scene' took place. The distur bance originated from some interchange of words between Mr. Haynes and Mr. Hassall 011 the subject of the division 011 the Naval Defence question, and before those present knew what was about to happen, Mr. Haynes had struck Mr. Hassall, Mr. Jones had taken Mr. H. Hassall by the throat, Mr. Lyne had come to Mr. Hassall's assistance, anil Mr. Inglis had partially divested himself of his coat with the express intention of seeing ' fair-play.' The members present, who took no part in the affray except to crowd round the combatants and hamper their movements, were loud in their cries of ' shame,' and the public in the galleries made free use of similar expressions, but eventually the belligerents were separated. Mr. Lyne seeing Mr. Jones take Mr. Hassall by the throat, rushed to the rescue, and attempted to relax the grasp of the member for Mudgee. Seeing Mr. Lyne's difficulty, Mr. Frank Farnell gave him some assistance, and then Mr. Jones turned his attention to Mr. Lyne. Mr. Hassall, smarting under the punishment inflicted by the grip of Mr. Jones, hit tlint gentleman with some force, and ut that juncture others interfered to stop further hostilities. Division of the Electorate. — We have to acknowledge, with thanks, receipt from Mr. J. Perry, M.P., of lithos of this electorate as now divided. These are on view at our office, and may be seen by anybody interested. Lismore Police Court. — At this Court ou the 18th instant, a youngster named John Henderson, a jockey, was charged with steal ing a sum of money, the property of William Grant, who was recently drowned at Byron Bay. It appears from the evidence that accused was on the beach when Grant had undressed, and it was known that some £12 were in the pockets of the unfortunate man when lie took off his clothes. Henderson left the Bay for Lismore, where he judiciously laid out portion of the spoil, which he ad mitted to Sergeant Tippett he had stolen from the pockets of Grant. The Bench sentenced accused to three months in Grafton gaol. William Tickle, whose ' testifications ' as a 'saved' Salvation soldier are familiar to everybody, was sentenced to one month's im prisonment in Casino gaol for stealing a mole board, the property of Mr. D. Townley, blacksmith, of Lismore. Presentation. — On Saturday evening, Mr. E. Tysoc, public school teacher at Riley, late of Maclean, was presented with an inkstand and the following uildress by the parents of the children attending tjie Cor mack's Creek School during the period that Mr. Tysoo was teacher there : — ' To E. Tysoe, Esq., Riley Public School, South Woodburn. Dear Sir, — We, the undersigned, residents of Cormaek's Creek, have very much pleasure in presenting you with this slight token of our appreciation of your services rendered in your capacity hero as teacher of the Cormaek's Creek Public School. By your conscientious attention to duty whilst sojourn ing amongst us you deservedly won our respect und. regard ; and while deeply regretting your departure from our midst we unitedly join in earnestly wishing you every succcss and happi ness in your now sphere of labor.' O11 behalf of the residents tho address contains the names of Messrs. R. .7. Forrester, J. Burdekin, N. J. Jones, M. Neary and T. B. Gallagher. The address was prepared by Mr. E. Wilkin son, of Maclean. Mr. Tysoo left for tho Richmond River 011 Sunday. — ylilcocti/e. Dunoon Dairy Factory. — For tho month ending September 24th the above Factory ro ceiveaanu treated 0113 gallons of milk, which yielded 2453 lbs. of butler. After allowing one farthing per lb to export charge and work ing expenses, suppliers were paid 3d per gal lon for milk, leaving a balauco of £2 7s lOd. Electoral' Registration Divisions. — Byron Bay, Ciidgcn, Miilhunbiniby, and Murwillnmbah havo been nppoiuteil registra tion divisions for the Tweed Electorate ; Casino, Coraki, Myrtle Creek, Roseberry, Tabulani, Tooloom and South Woodburn for the Richmond Electorate; Lismore anil Wyrallah for the Lismoro Electorate ; Alston ville, Ballina and Woodburn. for Ballina. Number One. — Fully a dozen large snakes were seen by a riding party ou the road be tween Corafci ami t.ltn Half-way llouso last Sunday. A large blnul; reptile was despatched which had swallowed a wiiipswiko three feet long, tho tail portion protruding from tho black snake's mouth, wo aro informed. If you want your horses carefully and neat ly shod, take tlicm to Furrier J. R. Smith, near M'Lean's Coraki Hotel.* 