AMUSEMENTS. The Christmas pantomime, "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves" still continues to attract crowded houses nightly at the Theatre Royal, and the efforts of Pollard's Liliputian Com- pany meet with great approval. The beautiful scenery from the brush of George Gordon is the. subject of universal admiration, while the handsome" and costly costumes worn by both principals and chorus cannot fail to please the eye: - The grouping of-the children is exceedingly pTcturesque, and the ecolntiona of the. " Korty-.Thievts" most cleverly exe cuted. The "ITprty Thieves" will again make .their appearance this evening, when there Should be another crowded house. There was a.fairly good attendance at the Bj'jqu Theatre on Friday evening, when Miss Bella Sutherland again introduced her •'Myriorania'' Kith vocal and other illustra tions. Zhe,ftudiecoe expressed their admira tion for the display of Continental scenery by frequent and hearty applause, and the dis tribution of gifts at the conclusion of the entertainment gave every satisfaction. On New Year's flight the Bijou Theatre will be oouapied by a fintrclass dramatic company, which will produoe the hnmorons Irish comedy "Colleen Bawn." A great many old favorites will appear in the cast. _ Mr. J. O'Kiell, who is Bjiecjally engaged, will repre btt?i aiy3f?Eiia-C^ppaiecu, and this actor is looked upon as one of the best Irish coinediane of Australasia. He will beably assisted by Mi&s; &.- Cochrari*. Miss Gladys Leigh, Mies Bella Sutherland, lleasr?. E. Douglas, EL tjtonehmm, G-ilfcs I'ordham, acd Albert Luces, and others well-known to Adelaide audiencee. A splen did performance is expected from these artists, and all lovers of trial old Irish wit and humor will nut miss a treat if they witness the " Colleen B&wa; " sext wc«k. Toe play bears too hieh a reputa'tiou to need comment. The box plan is now open at Howelis's music warehouse, and day tickets can be procured at Armbriister's. Another overflowing hocse testified to the growing popularity of Fitzgerald's circus and menagerie on Friday evening, seating ac commodation in the spaciotu marquee being at a premium. The audience was as enthusiastic as it was large, and the various acrobatic and equestrian performers were greeted with loud and continuous applause throughout the even ing. The programme is in every respect a most attractive" 'one; act following act with suoh rapidity that the eye never wearies, and there is not a dull moment in the whole entertainment. The horses and ponies all dis play the perfection of training, and so through their duties with such intelligence "and gusto that one feels sure they are enjoying them selves. The steeplechase with which the circus concludes is a most realistic and dashing affair while the sensational feat of the modern &aniel; is not without a certain creepy attrac tion. A matinee performance will be given to-day and another programme in the even ing.' ' The season will positively close on Tues day next. Montgomery & Moreny's Circus appeared at Port Adelaide-last night to a good house. Performances will be {riven there this after noon and evening, and on Monday there will be a matinee and an evening performance. Messrs. Montgomery & Moreny'sWild West Show, hearted by Bronco George, will appear at the Old Exhibition Grounds this afternoon. A local gentleman .be* cent two outlaws to be ridden by the. cowboys. . . . j the Cyclorama of Waterloo is still attract [ing large audiences. To-day Christmas eouvenii?. will be presented to*every adult visitor, and on Monday evening a further at traction'is contemplated by the management !in a cleverly contrived .illusion of the "Ghost of Napoleon Bonaparte." In this illusion the details ef drees and features are said to he re markably well carried out. The prices of admis sion will be the same and there should be a more than utaally' large attendance. 