IN spite of the tremendous losses which have impoverished a large pro- portion of the community the Fleming- ton Spring Meeting opened on Satur- day with all its old brilliancy and little less than its former magnitude. Vic- torian trade has for the moment disap- peared. One day last week there were but two ships in Hobson's Bay. But Victorian gambling is as busy as ever, and, if we may believe the Melbourne journals, “ The grandstand was as densely crowded as ever it was before, or even, probably, can be again.” It is true the Railway Department did not carry so many people by 2248, and did not take so much money by £640. But, probably, after all it was only the people of no account who stayed away. The list of smart people in fine dresses who were visible is even longer than usual, an interminable catalogue of elderly married women tricked out “in festoons of blue satin ribbon caught at intervals with true lover’s knots,” set off with “orange accordeon plaited chiffon,” or in “ twine colored silk” with decorations of “ black, white, and fawn color.” It is clear that if some once rich people have lost money, others have plenty, and are bent on spending it in the old ex- travagant fashion. To- day the scene will be repeated with twice or three times as many actors, and at three or four times as great a cost. During the week sixty or seventy horses will run for some £20,000 in stakes, in the pre- sence of, from first to last, at least a hundred and fifty thousand people, while a quarter of a million sterling will change hands in bets on the various events, more than half of which will be the spoil of the bookmaker. These are minimum figures carefully kept down far below the ordinary specula- tions of outsiders, and certainly well within the facts. They show that the prominence given to racing has set the infection of gambling deep into the vitals of the people. You may hear at every street corner the odds discussed and the qualities of the horses described by inexperienced people who would not know any one of them from any other, and the smallest urchin has his share in a sweep or his “ little bit” on the favorite. Nothing puts sense into the heads of the backers. They see the layers of odds waxing richer year by year. They know that these creatures began their career as fish hawkers, and grooms, and tapsters in cheap public- houses. They watch them bloom quickly into bejewelled dandies, and discuss with unction the way in which a horse was “ nobbled,” or a trainer “ got at” or the backers “ taken down.” Yet year after year new victims come to be shorn and the shearers flourish and brag of their being too proud to accept municipal honors. If the gambling of the community were confined to the racing world it would still be a national disgrace, but unhappily it is present everywhere, and is deeply engrafted in all the pursuits of daily life. The gambling of men in high places with the investments of depositors, with the money of share- holders, and with the savings of industry has just brought Victoria down in the eyes of the world, to the very lowest place among the Austra- lian colonies. The bogus banks gambled with the money drawn from British investors, who, consequently, now hold the national credit cheaply. The silver boom, the land boom, and the company boom, all sprung from the desire to make money easily, quickly, and at someone else’s expanse. That desire leads men to ruin in all communities, but nowhere in proportion with such frequency as in Victoria. How much money “ bor- rowed,” embezzled from the tills and cash-boxes of employers will be handed over to-day to bookmakers in the desperate hope that some fleet-footed steed will be lucky enough to be pre- served from the succession of evil influences brought to bear in turn upon owner, trainer, jockey, and stable boy, and come galloping in first to enable the wretched speculator to put his books straight. How many men will be suddenly missing next week, only to re-appear in the prisoner’s dock, or on the table of the morgue at a coroners inquest. Is it not time that the people took this to heart and gave up the maintenance of this pernicious army of “ penciilers” who are gradually eating into the heart of cricket and football, as they have already eaten into that of horse-racing and pedestrianism and rowing? No one wants to abolish the Cup. No one denies that a fairly contested horse race is an inspiriting and enjoyable sight. But the spectacle of an army of professional gamblers maintained in luxury by pandering to and stimulating a ruinous vice is one which disgraces the young nation, and threatens to bring ruin upon interests with which at first sight it seems to have nothing to do. Dishonesty is a canker which spreads rapidly wherever it is permitted to grow with impunity, and if it had not been allowed to grow to such a height in connection with racing, it might never have been whis- pered in the same breath with finance. IF the officers of the Lands Depart- ment do their duty firmly, carefully, and conscientiously, there need be no fear that any unmerited hardships will result from the movement the Ministry intend to make to compel selectors who are in arrear to pay up at least a portion of their indebtedness. There are 28,000 selectors in arrear to the extent in all of £650,000, or £23 each. Some of them only owe a pound or two, some owe £50 or £100. Some are poor people, straining every nerve to pay their way and call their land their own. Some are wealthy mort- gagees—financial associations, mercan- tile companies, and storekeepers, who, having foreclosed on the selectors’ lands, hold them knowingly without paying, feeling secure in the fact that their lands will not be forfeited with out notice to pay, and that mean while they will save money, as the State charges no interest on arrears. The Minister of Lands intends to call upon all selectors in arrear to pay up within three or four months, or else show cause why they should not be dispossessed of their holdings. Everything will depend upon the fair- ness of the officers who preside over the tribunal before which defaulters are “to show cause,” that is to give reasons why they should be allowed extra time. Thy will be expected to be very careful and considerate. A mortgagee who has foreclosed upon land, as a rule is probably well able to pay, and should be made to pay where he possibly can. A selector who still holds on to pay his mortgagee stands on a very different footing. Common honesty demands that every man who can pay his debts should pay them. Unless this is made a rule, civilisation falls to pieces, but the country does not want distress increased, and will demand great discretion in the use of depart- mental powers. Parliament was prorogued yesterday, when, owing to the presence of the Governors of several adjoining colonies, the ceremony was more than usually brilliant. The Governor’s speech, after congratulating members upon their early release from their labors, and upon their efforts to set the finances of the colony straight, complimented members upon the thoroughness with which they had entered upon the work of retrench- ment, and on the legislation they had passed in order to place the people on the land. Reference was made to the improved pros- pects of our coalfields, to the advance- ment of the dairying industry, and to the ircreased output of gold. A hope was expressed that the visit of the Comedian delegates may lead to the estab- lishment of extensive trade connections with the Dominion. Satisfaction was also ex- pressed at the success that had attended the floating of the redemption loan. The custom- ary courtesies were indulged in, and Parlia- ment entered upon a long recess—to re- assemble, unless something transpired to necessitate an earlier meeting—some time in June, 1894. At all post offices outside the metropolitan suburban radius postal business will be car- ried on to-day as usual, but no money order or Savings bank business will be transacted. Country mails will be despatched and re- ceived in the ordinary course. All tele- graph offices will be open to the public as usual. In connection with the race results, arrangements have been made that sub- scribers to the telephone exchange may have the results telephoned to them on lodging 6d for each message required on the morning of the day the race is run. Dr Delany will be consecrated Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart in St. Patrick’s Cathedral, Ballarat, on the second Sunday in Decem- ber (the 10th). The consecrating prelate will be His Grace the Archbishop of Mel- bourne (Dr Carr). It is expected that a number of the bishops from other parts of Australia will also be present. Amongst those in attendance will be the Archbishop of Hobart (Dr Murphy), whose coadjutor Dr Delany is to be. The consecration sermon will be preached by the Rev. Father Rogers. Dr Delany has been in Ballarat for several years, and during his residence in the city has , by his Christian like bearing and uni- formly courteous demeanor, gained for him- self many warm friends, not only amongst the members of his own church, but also amongst all classes and denominations. He is a ripe scholar, and during his presi- dency of the Holy Ghost College that institution gained a high position amongst scholastic establishments, which it would doubtless have improved had no other arrangements necessitated the disband- ment of the excellent teaching staff that had been gathered together. Dr Delany is an able churchman, and is certain to grace his new and higher sphere of labor by his many excellent qualities as a Christian and a gentleman. Citizens generally deeply regret his approaching departure, but feel assured that what is their loss will be others’ gain, and that amongst his new flock the charac- teristics that have gained for him so many friends and admirers here will secure for him equal love and veneration in Tas- mania. The intention to close the State school at Leigh Creek has given rise to much dissatis- faction to parents in and around that place. The attendance, it is stated, averages now 26 daily, and the daily average per month has never been below 18. In the neighbor- hood there are 15 children old enough to commence school duties, but their parents and guardians decline—in view of the closing—to send them, as they are too young to walk the distance, if transferred, to either the Bungaree Junction or Pootilla schools. The former is fully two miles from Leigh Creek, and the road thither is unsafe in summer and unfit in winter. The dis- tance to the latter is greater, and, if possible, the route is even worse. It is to be hoped that some arrangements may yet be come to to meet tbe requirements of this important district. Mr James Oddie, J.P., has just received the “reliefs and “scrolls” for the pedestal of the Peter Lalor statue. They are of beautiful design, and when placed in position on the pedestal of the statue will considerably add to the interest which attaches to it. The first represents Lalor in the act of calling out the miners to repel the soldiers, while in the distance is a representation of the hill, and in the front the Old Melbourne Road, The plan of the Stockade is taken from par- ticulars given in the “ History of Ballarat,” by Mr W. B. Withers; while the costumes of the men represented have been worked from a miners’ suite of clothes made in Australia in 1865. The whole is surrounded be oak, laurel and shamrock leaves artistically modelled. The second relief is a picture of Lalor’s entrance to the Legislation Council in 1855, taken from a large photograph of the old Legislative Council room, executed by Mr W. Strutt and the property of Sir Graham Berry. The member Lalor is shown at meeting is the one who in 1854 offered £400 for his body. The scroll sets forth particulars of the late Speaker's career. The work of placing the relief and scrolls in posi- tion will be commenced at once. In reference to the late conference between the Buninyong and Bungaree shire councils regarding the main north Melbourne road, the president of the Buninyong council yesterday reported to the council meeting that the following decision was arrived at during the conference:—“That their portion of the road be put in the same repair as that part under the control of the Bungareeshire council, and that contingent upon the above being carried our, the future maintenance of the road be either under the joint control of the two councils, or that each council change portion of road every year for two years, the road to be divided into equal por- tions as at present." The report was received. Cr J. Greene considered that the proper way to have the road kept in repair was to let it by tender. He moved— "That applications be invited from persons willing to keep the road in repair for 12 months, and to put thereon 2400 yards of metal during that period." Cr Walsh seconded the motion, which was carried. At the monthly meeting of the Riponshire Council yesterday, a number of replies to the council's circular with reference to the case of Barry v Creswickshire, seeking co- operation in having the law relating to the liabilities of municipalities in the matter of drainage amended, were received, most of them being favorable. Is was decided that £10 be donated to Creswickshire towards the appeal on the motion of Cr Cashing, seconded by Cr Flynn. At a later stage of the meeting a reply to the circular was re- ceived from Creswickshire who considered it of no use to adopt the suggestion of Ripon- shire, and hoped they would agree to con- tribute towards the appeal to the Privy Council. The secretary said that Mr Austin, M.L.A., had a long talk with the Premier and the Attorney-General on the subject, and that the Attorney-General could not see his way clear to make any amendment in the law, and that Mr Austin was under the impression that the Government were not likely to deal with the matter. The secre- tary was instructed to notify Creswickshire of the contribution passed, and that they would hear further after next meeting. The Mayor of the City (Cr Thompson), has just returned from a trip to Bendigo and Inglewood, where he went to make arrange- ments for the purchase of some machinery. He spsaks in glowing terms of the wonderful transformation effected by Cr J. P. Carolin by his plantation amongst the old diggings at White Hills, and remarks that from being a barren desert the place has now been made quite “ a Garden of Paradise." Cr Thompson also speaks highly of the splendid avenues of trees in the streets of the sister goldfield city. Owing to indisposition he was, how- ever, prevented from visiting many parts of the district. A fire occurred in Ballarat East last even- ing about a quarter past 8, when a four- roomed house, situate in George street, near Cowley’s boiler yard, was totally destroyed. The Ballarat brigade, who received the alarm from the signal in Eureka street, were quickly at the scene of the outbreak, and effected a splendid eave of an adjoining house, the property of Mr Larter. The building which was destroyed belonged to Messrs Nettle and Ford. How the fire ori- ginated is not known, but, as the building was unoccupied, it is probable that the damage was caused by some of the numerous fireworks which were being discharged last evening in celebration cf Guy Fawkes. A peculiar case was called on at the City Police Court yesterday when a man named Frederick Martin was charged with desert- ing his wife Susanna Martin. The alleged offence occurred as far back as 1883, since which time Mrs Martin stated that she had been on the lookout for her runaway hus- band. The accused denied the offence, and said that his wife deserted him. The case had been before the Town Court in 1883, and as there was some doubt as to what transpired on that occasion, Mr Morrow, who appeared for Mrs Martin, applied for a re- mand until Friday which was granted. Bail was allowed Martin in his own recognisance of £20. At the same court Patrick Bowan, who was last week committed for trial on a charge of cattle stealing, but was released on bail, was ordered to find fresh security or go to gaol as his bondsman desired to be re- leased from his obligation. Once again the railway revenue shows a serious shortage. Last week the receipts were:— Passengers, &c.;, £28, 226; merchan- dise, &c.;, £33,705; total, £61,931. This is as against a total of £71,209 for the corre- sponding week of last year. The aggregate receipts to date fur the current year were £879,913, giving a weekly average of £48,872 18s 10d, as compared with an aggregate of £1,006,043, and a weekly average of £55,891 5s 7d for the corresponding period of last year. Sergeant Leverton was yesterday congratu- lated by the magistrates at the Town Police Court on the fact that in that part of Bal- larat under his control not a single arrest, even for drunkenness, had been made on Saturday or Sunday, so that there was a blank charge sheet to place before the bench. There were three cases in the cause list. The executive committee of the Hopetoun- Mildura Railway League is making every preparation for the conference at Ballarat on the 14th inst. of public bodies interested in this route. Over 50 municipal and public bodies have been invited to attend, and numerous promises of support have been re- ceived. It is expected that delegates will be present from all the seaports from Mel- bourne to Portland, and from the shires and boroughs along the route. Mr R. A. Thompson, the well-known legal manager, wrote to the City Council yesterday, asking for permission to instal the electric light in the city, and stating that a strong company was prepared to supply lighting by electricity. Cr Cocke re- marked that he “ was glad it was coming at last,” while the mayor added that he had nothing to do with the proposal. The letter was referred to the finance committee for re- port. Cr Shoppee’s notice of motion providing for the leasing of the reserves in the city under sections 52 and 53 of the Local Govern- ment Act, and particularly to that extent of land near Alfredton, was yesterday unani- mously carried by the City Council. The municipality, the mover remarked, would obtain a good revenue from this source as it would well pay people to take up the land. The matter of preparing specifications, &c.;, was left to the finance committee and the engineer. An elderly and eccentric female named Elizabeth Cleary was brought before the City Police Court yesterday on a charge of drunkenness. The defendant, who was only discharged on a similar complaint on Friday last, addressed the bench at great length, and pleaded hard to be allowed to depart. As the woman did not appear to be right in her mind the magistrates decided to remand her for a week, in order that she might re- ceive medical treatment. On hearing the decision of the bench Mrs Cleary became very abusive, and had to be hurriedly re- moved to the cell. David Thomas charged with larency, and also with obtaining money by false pretences, was remanded to appear at the Ararat Police Court on Friday next. A few debt cases were also dealt with by the magistrates. The crops in and around Bungaree and Warrenheip are just now looking exceed- ingly healthy and promising, especially the peas, which are thriving splendidly, and the growers expeot unusually rich harvests. Potato planting is being pushed on with energy, and if the whole of the fields give yields in proportion to the quantity of seed sown, that commodity ought not to be next year dearer than flour, as it is now. During the hearing of a case at the Town Police Court yesterday, in which J. T. Hirt sued a woman for the recovery of £1 18s 6d, the plaintiff’s manner was so offensive that he was more than once threatened by the magistrates with commital for contempt of court. The case was adjourned. The anniversary of Guy Fawkes’ Day was celebrated last evening in Ballarat, when numerous fireworks were discharged to the delight of a number of small boys. In various directions big bonfires were blazing, and careful householders had to keep a strict look out to see that their properties were not injured by the foolish observance of an old time custom. At the City Police Court yesterday, a young man named Richard McKay was charged with drunkenness, and also with assaulting Constable Barry. The evidence showed that the prisoner had been guilty of disgraceful conduct. McKay, who had nothing to say in answer to the charge, was for the first offence fined 5s, with 2s 6d costs for cab hire, and for assaulting the police was sent to gaol for three months without the option of a fine. A list of 14 pricor con- victions was proved against the accused. Messrs. Permewan, Sergeant, Smith, Graham, and Little, J.sP., presided. Cr Bell, at yesterday's meeting of the City Council, expressed his intention of objecting to many matters being dealt with by the City Council in the privacy of the finance committee, where he remarked, councillors sat and "talked a lot of twaddle." Public business should be dealt with when the press were present. Other councillors did not ex- press an opinion on the matter. The anniversary of the Pleasant street Wesleyan Sunday School was continued last evening by a "musical festival," which was very largely attended. Mr J. Hambly, superintendent of the school, presided and delivered an appropriate address. Other gentlemen also delivered addresses, and the scholars of the school sang several choruses. Recitations and solos made up an interesting programme. At the W. C. T. U. concert on Friday night the chair was occupied during the earlier part of the evening by Mr. J. N. Dunn, M.L.A., who on leaving handed to the treasurer a cheque for £1 1s. At the enter- tainment Miss Furlong rendered two solos very acceptably. At the meeting of the Buninyongshire Council yesterday, it was decided to pro- claim a holiday throughout the shire as the occasion of the Hardle's Hill, Cargerie and Mount Mercer Agricultural Snow which is to ??? held on 1st December. A man named Alexander Brown was ar- rested last evening by Constable McPherson on a charge of using obscene language. The defendant on the way to the lock-up struggled violently to get away, and was consequently charged with resisting the police. James Wilson, aged 50 years, was arrested by Con- stable Tolmie on a charge of vagrancy. The accused was lodged in the Ballarat East lock-up. At yesterday’s meeting of the Bungaree- shire Council the matter of joining the Municipal Association was again referred to. After a discussion of a conversational char- acter, in which opinions were expressed to the effect that sending representatives to the meetings of that body was not likely to bring about much good, it was decided not to entertain the proposal. A girl named Sarah Young, 16 years of age, was at the Town Police Court yester- day charged with vagrancy. Accused, who was arrested at Minyip, ran away from her guardians, who reside in Main street, Bal- larat East. The bench committed her to the care of the Department for neglected children. Acting upon the suggestion of Cr Shoppee, the City Council yesterday instructed the town clerk to write to Colonel Greenfield, asking him to allow the Militia band to play at the Park on Sundays. Cr Bell said he was certainly opposed to such action, but the mayor told him that he could do like himself and stay at home. A meeting of creditors in the insolvent estate of Don, miner, of Ballarat East, was to have been held yesterday but lapsed. Mr Tainsh, aged 40, a resident of Stawell street, Ballarat East, yesterday sustained a rupture of the muscle of the forearm while unloading a stone at the New Cemetery. He was attended at the Hospital. Cr Bell complained at yesterday's coun- cil meeting that too many trees were marked for cutting down in the lake reserve near the convent. He considered it would be a shame to destroy them. The mayor replied that the council had decided that these trees should be removed, and be had given in- structions for the work. The councillors should go to Bendigo and see the avenues of trees. There they were kept properly. In Ballarat there was nothing like them as they were something beautiful. The matter then dropped. The friends of Constable Tolmie, of Bal- larat East, will regret to learn that he yesterday received a telegram announcing the death of his father at Dunolly. The annual meeting of the Buninyongshire Council will be held on the same day as the next usual monthly meeting, 4th Decem- ber. At the meeting of the W.C.T.U. yester- day the monthly reports were as follow:— Hospital, Mrs Richardson; visiting, Mrs Hughes; Monday meeting, Mrs Boswarrick; Friday evening, Miss Vining; press work, Mrs Michell; tracts, Miss Vining; Y’s, Mrs Trebilcock; purity, Mrs Francis; rescue, Mrs Hughes; Band of Hope, Miss Coad. Mrs Brown reported 20 pledges signed. The re- ports showed good work done, and some were of special interest. Pledges have been signed on Monday and Friday evenings. Mrs McGrath read some verses and notes on the death of a dear friend. Mrs Buley will have a meeting at her residence, No. 2 South- gate Terrace, Mair street, on Friday next. The Bible lesson was given by the president, and correspondency &c.;, read by the secre- tary. At the Riponshire Council yesterday, the estimates for the forthcoming year were adopted, and notice of motion was given by Cr Cushing for the striking of a 1s rate. The following charitable vote was adopted:— Ballarat Hospital, £30; Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, £30; Ballarat Orphan Asylum. £15; Ararat Hospital, £15; Deaf and Dumb Asylum, £5; Eye and Ear Hospital, £5; Dis- charged Prisoners’ Aid Society, £3; Beaufort Belief Fund, £7 (£10 having already been drawn); Carngham Widows’ and Orphans Fund, £15; Skipton Relief Fund, £6; Skipton Mechanic Institute, £5; Carnghamade, £15; Beaufort do, £15; Waterloo do, £5; Raglan do, £5. Some excitement was caused yester- day morning, in the Main road, through a horse attached to a buggy, getting beyond the control of its driver, and making a mad bolt towards Mr Phillips’ cooper shop. Sergeant Leverton, who was close at hand, at once rushed for- ward and seized the animal, and by his timely aid averted what might have been a serious accident. The was a good attendance at the Sal- vation Army Barracks, Little Bridge street, last evening. The meeting was led by Treasurer Monod, and an interesting address was given by Mr Mudd on the work at the Pakenham farm. Dr Scott will commence his series of lectures to the St, John Ambulance Class, at the School of Mines on the 15th inst., instead of on the 8th as previously adver- tised. The promenade concert to be given by the Melbourne Exhibition Concert Company at the Alfred Hall on Thursday evening is likely to prove a great success. The company is a powerful one, consisting of nine favorite and talented artists, who will appear in a splendid holiday programme. Miss Charlotte Hem- ming, the gifted reciter; Mr Fred. Smith, the popular tenor; and Mr Claud Harrison, the violoncello soloist—will each make their first appearance here that evening. The recitations of Miss Hemming have proved an attractive feature at the best concerts lately given in Melbourne, and her reputation as an able elocutionist is sufficient to ensure for her a good reception. She is said to have a wonderful voice, that can be heard distinctly in the largest hall in Melbourne. To avoid any crushing at the doors, intending patrons should purchase their tickets beforehand at Messrs Sutton’s music warehouse. 