OUR AUCtLO-COLOUIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, August 4. 1S!)3. , j Tile Agent-General, Lady Gray, and family have left town for Golwyn Bay, North Wales, where they will spend the greater part of August. Colwyn is a comparatively retired seaside resort on the Denbighshire coast much affected by the wealthier Liverpudlians and Mancestrians. Besides boasting capital sea bathing, sea fishing, and a bracing atmosphere, it is a convenient excursion centre, lying within easy distance either by road or rail of Conway Castle, Llandudno, and the Great Ormes Head, the Yale of Llangollen and Betbws-y Coed, Snowdon, the Vale of Clywd and Bangor, Beaumaris and Menai-bridge. It was distinctly a happy thought on Lady Bray's part to provide the South Australians in London with a private view of the royal wedding presents at the Imperial Institute, which are now the sight of the metropolis, and as I have before told you, most difficult to get at on ordinary occasions because of the crowd ing. Wednesday morning wa3 the time fixed for this little function, and needless to say nearly everyone asked put, in an appearance. Amongst others I noted Lord Chas. Scott and his wife, Mr. and Mrs. Rymill, the Misses Ilymill, and Mr. Robert Rymill, Mrs. Grant and daughters, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Bright, Mr. and Mrs. F. Dutnon, Mrs. T. Horn and ! Miss Herring, Mrs. and Miss _ Bruce, Mrs. DominiekDaly, Mr. and Mrs. Newland, Miss Lungley, Miss Stock, Mrs. and Miss Wearing, and Miss Erancis. Lady Kintore, who lunched with Lady Bray at Emperor's Gate on Monday, loft the following morning for Scotland, where she will remain several weeks. Sir Edwin and Lady Smith do nob propose to prolong their Continental tour beyond the month originally projected, and will be back in London about the 14th inst. When last heard of they were at that world-known hostelry, the Schweitzerhoff, at Lucerne. Mr. and Mrs. Ilymill and family are now at Bailey's Hotel, but not for long; Mr. Robert and Miss Mary Rymill leave shortly for Heidelberg, where they propose to spend some time, and Mr. and Mrs. Rymill talk of experimenting on one of the fashionable English hydropathics. Miss HerriDg has returned from Ssoblaud, and is now on a visit to Mrs. Tom Horn at Marlows-road, South Kensington. She goes into the country shortly with her niece. The many friends of Miss Lungley were dis tressed to notice she wore her left arm in a sling at Lady Bray's reception ab the Imperial Institute on Wednesday, and looked far from well. Id seems that last Christmas the lady met with an accident whilst getting out of the underground railway with a fragile piece of Venetian (Salviati) glass in her hand. The ornament was shattered, and some of the glass worked into Mies Lungley's flesh. At first the wound excited little apprehension, but it has unfortunately gone from bad to worse. Mr. and Mrs. Cavanagh-Mainwaring and j family have settled down for some time to j come at Beau Sejour, Lausanne, in Switzer land. _ Mrs. Cavanagh-Mainwaring i3 at pre sent in England staying with her married daughter, Mrs. Gedgo, ab Southsea. Stie [ came over mainly in order to eeeort the latter. ' Mrs. Gedge has been in very poor health, and went on a visit to her parents in Switzerland, in the hope of Lausanne benefiting her. Unfortunately the place had quite an opposite effect, and the doctors ordered their patient back to England. Prior to returning to Lausanne Mrs. Mainwarning goes for tan days to Whitmore, the family seat in Staffordshire, and will also spend a week or so shopping in London. Her son, Hugh, is at schooi at Versailles. He will remain there for some months longer, in fact until arrangements can bo fixed up to settle him with a leading firm of engineers in Glasgow. Mr. and Mrs. Newland are in town again after their trip to Cambridge and Lowestoft, but only for a few days. They go next week to Devonshire and Cornwall for a delightful 1 round, which will embrace Lynton, Exmoor, | and the "Lorna Doone" country, Bideford, j Clovelley, and Westward llo! From i Kinesley's pet watering-plae9 they journey on | to Tintagel, St. Ives, Penzance, Marazion, | and Scilly, returning by way of Plymouth and i Exeter. Mr. Newland has booked return | passages by the Oroya, sailing October 6. He | and his wife will join her at Naples, making p. j short tour on the Continent first. Mr. New | land tells me they were most hospitably I entertained at Cambridge last Thursday ! by young Mr. Alexander Hay and by Sir Chas. Todd's married daughter, Mrs. Chas. Squires. Mr. Newland has ever since his i arrival in England been undergoing treatment for the eye trouble which brought him home, but this is rather by way of preventing further : mischief than because the doctors have any hope of effecting a cure. Mrs. Fred. Grant and daughters arrived last week by sailing ship from. Sydney after what seems a voyage of prodigious length in these days of express liners. They leave to-morrow for Jersey, and I cannot say I envy them the crossing. For going to the Channel Islands the eve of the August bank holiday is quite the worst day of the whole <JGi5. Miss Blyth's wedding was to have been solemnised next week, bub owing to the unex pected detention of the Britannia it is post jioned a few days. The ceremony will be a very quiet affair, and only a few intimate friends asked. Mr. W. R. Wilson, erstwhile of Adelaide, but now of St. Albans, Victoria, has closed his English tour with some singularly un fortunate experiences. On three occasions he was just on the poinb of sailing for Australia, and had his party's passages booked when ill ness upset all their arrangements. First Mr. Wilson's niece had a bad attack of some kind. Then he himself fell a victim to paralysis of the throat, and for more than a fortnight had to be kept alivo chiefly on pate brandy. Finally, just as Mr. Wilson was growing a little better his daughter caught scarlet fever. This last catastrophe occurred at the Grand Hotsl, out of which the family were promptly bundled. For sometime it seemed as though in all London there was not a house which would receive Miss Wilson. Finally the medical man in attendance on Mr. Wilson eame to the rescue. His family were just going to Brighton for the summer, so he was able to take in the sufferer and her nurse. One of thesmartesb Anglo-Colonial weddings of the present eeason took place at St. Margaret's Church, Westminster, on Tuesday afternoon, when Mr. Frank Towers Cooper, eldest son of Mr. C. Cooper, the popular editor; of the Scotsman, took unto himself a wife in the person of Miss Mabel Wearing, youngest daughter of the lata Judge Wearing, of Ade laide. The ceremony was fixed for 2 o'clock, but it was fully 20 minutes past the hour before the bride arrived and the "Venerable Archdeacon Farrar took up hi3 position at the altar. The delay enabled one to look round the church and see who were present. The centre row of pews was well filled, the occupants being mainly of the gentle sex, though a few male creatures in the conven tional morning garb interspersed among them helped to throw up the bright colors of the ladies' dresses. The majority of these were friends and acquaintances of the bride and groom whose faces were unfamiliar to me, but in one of the front pews I noted Sir John and Lady Bray, and in the immediate neighbor hood we re to be seen Mrs. Dominiclc Daly, Mr. and Mrs. Simpson Newland, Miss McCul looh, Miss Ethel Boothby, Mrs. Wearing, Miss Fielder King, her mother and stepfather, and Miss Stock. The side pew3 contained the usual crowd of curious women and girls, all wearing that painfully expectant look which betrays the Cookney at free entertainments. The service was fully choral and commenced with the now inevitable " Oh, pevfeeb love," which since it was first used at the Duke of Portland's nuptials has entirely superseded " The Voice that breathed o'er Eden." As the clock showed twenty past 2 the bride came slowly up the centre aisle leaning on her future brother in-law's arm. She looked very bright and fiappy as she took her stand at the altar rails beside the bridegroom. Her dress was of ivory duchesse satin with square train, the seams of the sltirb outlined with two rows of pearls; the bodico plainly made with shoulder frills of lace, sleeves puffed to the elbow. On the front of the bodice was a trail ing spray of orange blossoms, and on the skirt just below the waist another. Her hair, dressed rather high, was surmounted by a small wreath of orange blossom, and the veil was of plain tulle worn off the face. The only ornament was a gold necklet with, double heart pendant of red enamel and pearls, whilst her bouquet was composed of lovely white flowers and asparagus fern. The brides maids numbered six—Miss Wearing, Miss Bruce, Miss Ada Bray, and three other children. The two former wore gowns of deep cream oudine silk, with plain, rather full skirts ; the: bodices had yokes of salmon pink silk covered with cream lace, cream lace frills falling over the puffed sleeves; gold colored picture hats, with large whitesatin bo wsand two upstanding feathers in front. Miss Bray and her tiDy companions wore soft white muslin frocks of the Kate Greenaway style, with in sertions and frills of fine whitelace, picture hats of drawn white lisse with rosettes of satin bebe ribbon, white silk stockings and satin shoes. All the bridesmaids carried shower bouquets of Malmaison carnation and aspavagus fern tied with pink ribbons. Whon the service had concluded with the singing of " Gracious Spirit, H0I7 Ghost,"and the subsequent; proceedings in the vestry were done with, the bridal party hastened from the church, and were driven to the Hotel Bel gravia, where the wedding breakfast was laid, aud the numerous presents on view. Through somebody's bad management there was chaos in the covered way leading from the porch of the ohurch tq the street, and the invited guests were mixed up with those who had come out of mere curiosity. It was some time before Sir John and Lady Bray managed to extricate themselves from the crowd, and when they did get to the pavement ib was only to find that someone had appropri ated their carriage by mistake. The guilty persons were Mr. Cooper, sen., and Mrs. Wearing. The newly married couple left London for Dover in the course of the after noon and will spend the honeymoon on the Continent. As some of your lady readers may like to know what Lady Bray wore on this happy oc c^ion I append a description supplied mo by a lady friend who was present. She says— "Lady Bray wore a pale petunia merveillenx satin gown, simply made, with shoulder frills of the satin, trimmed with narrow black lace insertion, the skirt had a deep flounce with black lace insertion and edging ; a very be coming small gold bonnet with green leaves, white lace, wing-bow, and strings of dark petunia velvet." Amongst the yacht races run at Cowes this week was the Australian Cup, value £50, pre 8ented by Mr. C. Gibson Millar, a relative, L take ib, of the public spirited Australian lady who gave the peal of bolls to the Imperial In stitute. This was open to all yachts nob ex ceeding 40 tons, and fell to Mr. Jno. Grettqn's cutter Lais, which just beat Admiral Montague's Vendetta, and Captain Towers Clark's Varuna after a elo3e finish, the first named being only 10 see. in front of the Vendetta, which beat the Varuna by 8 sec. Mr. Gretton is not an antipodean. Cricket does not come within my domain. I think ib right however to mention, in view of the many inexplicable defeats the Australians have suffered this time, that there is a good deal of gossip about, especially amongst colonial visitors, concerning the unsteadiness of certain members of the team. Whether the stories current are exaggerated or not I have no means of ascertaining. Naturally the men themselves would not foul their own nest, and one does not care to approach English cricketers on such a eubjecb. * My informant states that the steady and reliable members of the team are greatly exercised by their comrades' late hours and high living, and that there will nob improbably be criminations and recriminations when they get back to Aus tralia. Murdoch, who was at first so hurt at not being included in what seemed likely to be the heat team that had ever visited the old country, now openly rejoices he is out of it. 