I The Haunted Blanket. I I ONCE occupied a sleeping-car berth that was haunted, writes a commer- cial traveller in the St. Louis Globe Democrat. It was lower ll. I rode in it from Chicago to Detroit, and I'll tell you I spent a horrible night. The weather was pretty cold, and as I am subject to neuralgia, I tucked the blanket in close around my neck to avoid the draught, aud I was just dozing off when I heard a most unearthly laugh and the blanket was suddenly pulled away from my chin and half off my chest. It was only 10 o'clock, but nearly everybody was in bed, and when I peeped out to see if anybody was playing a joke on me not a soui was in sight. I tucked the blanket around my neck again, with- out really thinking much about the disturbance, and was soon in another doze, when off went the blanket once more and again I heard the shriek- ing laugh. I hastily readjusted the blanket and tried to attribute the matter to my own nervousness, but the blanket was yanked away at once to the hyena-like laugh accom- paniment. I looked out into the aisle again, but nobody was there. 1 looked toward the foot of the bed, and it seemed to mo that blue flames were dancing there. My flesh began to creep. I could hear my heart pumping like a Corliss engine. As my fear grew I saw a white figure stretched at full length through the section pnnel work, its feet towards or against mine. The blue flames seemed to play all over it and to leap from the eyes and mouth of the fig- ure when the demon laugh was uttered. The tugging at the blan- ket continued. I trembled and poured Perspiration. I could not rise. I rolled out of the berth into the aisle, and maybe I didn't hunt up the porter of that car. I told him the story. " Gracious ! Graci- ous !" he exclaimed, his eyes bulging. " Ixe got dat hoodoo blanket. Dat's a blanket, boss, what was in a berf Avhar a man died wid de jimjams. No, he didn't die in dat berf- but dat wuss his blanket, an* when it comes out Jo* de laundry someone's boun' to get it, an' Ize done gone an' got it dis trip. Nobody wa't gits it ever gits de bes' o' dat ghost, an' I guess I bettah give you anoder blan kit ur you won't sleep to-night." I got another blanket and slept all right. The porter told me there was always complaint from the passen- ger who got the haunted blanket. This occurred a y_ear ago, and I sup- pose the blanket is on tho road some- where yet._ 