i . A. Haunted j House at Kilburn, j Experiences of a 3Iinister's Family, j To look at No. 27 St. George's-rond, I Kilburn, one would not suspect it of I being haunted (remarks the Pall Mall Gazette). It is a solid, substantial, eomfortable-loookinghouse, standing in about the middle of a rather im- posing ten-ace, with a small garden containing a few bushes in the front, and a larger grass plot at tho back. It is not by any means a new house, but it has so few marks of age about it that a self respecting ghost would hardly have been expected to regard it as an eligible residence. Yet there are three jieople dwelling in the house who assert confidently that they have each on separate occasions been the eye-witnesses of a remark- able apparition in tho house. The Rev. G. S. Tyler, The minister at present attatched to the Quex- road Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, and his family who are the eye-witnesses of the ghost, have told a Pall Mall Gaz- ette reporter about it. The house has for many yen rs been the dwelling place of tho various ministers who have succeeded each other every three years at the Quex-road chapel. Mr. Tyler has lived there now foi- ls months. " I have never seen tho apparition myself," said Mr. Tyler " and have always been a firm un- believer in spirit manifestations and so on. But the fact remains, explain it how you will, that my wife, and my daughters Ada and Julie, aged respectively 20 and 19 years, have distinctly seen a mysterious some- thing, which, in the absence of any better way of describing it, wo have called an' apparition. They agree closely in their several descriptions of the figure. A GHOST IX CLERICAL CLOTHES. " It is that bf a person attired as a Wesleyan minister might be, in black clothes of a clerical cut. It is a figure of average stature with a long grey beard and. keen peculiar eyes. It was ray younger daughter who first met witîi the apparition. She will tell you in her own way." Miss Julie Tyler then took up the story. " I was standing at the corner of the stairs," she said, "andi saw what I took to be pa. I had gone to call him to tea, and when I called him he neither answered nor moved. I thought he was playing with me, and give rae the trouble to go up to him, and I ran up to push him. I pushed right through the figure and fell against the wall. I was dreadfully frightened and when I told the others they laughed at me. But then Ada, later on, saw the same figure, and then my motlier herself. It was before Christ- mas that 1 saw it. No, 1 had not been reading any ghost stories at all then. But I have since. So have we all." Miss Ada then related her first exper- ience of the uncanny visitor. She was alone in the house with a child one Sunday evening, and saw the fig- ure in the doorway. She thought that a man had broken into the house at first, until she observed the clerical cut of the figure's garb, and thou re- called her sister's experience. Mrs. Tyler's statement was that, while passing through the small room at tho encl of tho passage, indeed, where the appiration had been most fre- quently seen, and tho iadies of the household do not care to venture neal- it alone. It is a small room look- ing out into tho back garden, but with: wooden shutters, which are fastened over tho glass in the evening. " It was in that room," said Miss J ulie, that. I met the figuro face to face. I shall never forget his eyes-greyish blue in colour, and they seemed to look right through me quite hung- rily." 1ÎECOJIMENDED TO THE PHYSICAL SOCIETY. It is a strange experience for the Pall Mall reporter to sit listening to these ghost stories in broad daylight, for tho minister and his wife are respon- sible, unemotional, clear-headed folk and the two daughters are bright, intelligent English girls, with an absence of any indications of hyster- ical dispositions. _ The minister, while expressing utter inability to account for the declarations of his family, would not commit himself to any belief in tho supernatural, but be 1 ti-ayed an interest in tho whole sub- ject which did not dovetail into his ; strnined attempts to laugh the matter : over. In reply to further questions, he said that one of tho Wesleyan ! ministers who had preceded him ; had died in this house, and that, when 1 he told his friends of his family's experiences, he discovered for the first time that Mrs. Gibson, tho wife of his immediate predecessor in the 1 house, had also met with some un . canny experiences. Asked whether he had taken certain floors up in his hunt for some explanation of the mystery-for so ran the gossip of tho neighbourhood - the rev. gentleman 1 said in the top bedroom there had 1 long been a recurrent and intermit 1 tent smell of an utterly indescribable kind. The room was quite away from drains or anything which he could imagine as the cause for the efilu 1 vinni, and the floor had been taken up in search for the origin of the 1 nuisance. Perhaps in the same man- ner that Mr. Stead's "Julia" writes his "copy," this mysterious clerical 1 spirit comes to assist Mr. Tyler in the preparation of his sermons. 