WISE AND OTHERWISE. Spiritists are certainly not wanting in spirits, whatever other mental defect may be ascribed to them. Tho majority of them show a most Mark-Tapleyan eapacity for preserving their self-possession under the moat disoomflclng cir- oumstances. Nothing gravels" them. If the ghosts of their ancestors won't come when thoy are called, they answer tho spiritual world is governed by the same laws as tho physical, and ghosts are just as capricious and ill- tempered in the spirit nphero as they were whon they were in the llcsb. If tho trance-medium who takes your <eo of half a sovereign without a qualm gives you nothing in return for it, you aro told that tho conditions are not favorable, and that you must try again when thoy are. A conjuror comes into the town and per forms tricks of second sight and so on which nobody can understand except tboso who are in possession of the secret, and he is immediately clnimed as no trickster at nil, but a real Spiritist in disguise. Sometimes the conjuror turns tbo tablos and explnins how his feats aro performed, by the aid of electric wires, talking tubes, cunningly devised mirrors, and an attendant "sprito" or two under tbo floor or at the wings. Maskelyne haa just pub lished a littlo brochure, in which ho explaius how ho found out the Davenport Brothers' trick- cabinet, which so many honest householders moving at large In the wide awake oity of Mclbourno witnessed with gaping mouths in the Town Hall some dozon years ago. He also says that another Melbourne favorite of a subsequent period, Eva Fay, offered for a con sideration to como upon his platform In London and tell her dupes how sho duped them, but as he already knew tho secret lie declined. Tho writer of the letter v/liioh follows these pro batory remarks is n Spiritist of another kind. Tho conjuror's tricks don't deceive him. Ho knows tbat they aro tricks and uotjiing more, and yet hejremaius a Spiritist. Nor aftor all that may bo said or dono to shako his belief, ia it surprising that he still clings to it To believe is more natural than to disbelieve. From tho savage to the philosopher, oredulity is the characteristic of the race. How many of us do not harbor some littlo fetisb or other In some close corner of our minds. Montaigno puttipg on his left boot first, Dr. Johnson refusing to go under a ladder, Bismarok objecting to make the thirteenth at the dinner table, the first Napoleon consulting his star, and Louis Napoleon consulting the fortune tellors in Lady Blcssington's salon, Mr. Stead declaring that he wrote the Review of Reviews by tbo aid of the Psooks — all testify to tho truth of Don Juan's flippant reflection — It ministers to tho soul's delight In seeing matters that aro out of sight But more than this, and quito independently of it, tho Spiritist has undoubtedly excellcutreasona of another kind for investigating the alleged phenomena of spiritualism. Of all tho prob lems which can exercise tho human mind, none can possibly bo so attractive as that which promises a glimpso into the unseen world in return for the trouble of solving it. There area few strong minded people liko Harriet Mar- tineau who dio perfectly happy in tho thought that while thoy aro extinguished tberace will go on improving and progressing ; but even the agnostic, who says wo know nothing and can know nothing on this side of the grave of what awaits us on tho other side, does not sur render tho hope that there may be something, in spito of our incapacity to apprehend it. The investigation, to bo of any value, must of course bo carried on upon sound principles Evidence must bo colleoted and sifted, tho investigators must show special qualification for their work, and the proofs of their bona fides must be such as would satisfy a jury of experts in any other inquiry in life. And tho Spiritists contend that thte is being dono by the Psychical Research Society, as woll ns by individual oxperimcnters all over tho world. Tho society comprises men of trained intellects in every department of human science, men liko Professor Sidgewick, of Cambridge ; the French aatronomor, Flam- marion ; and the EquHhIi astronomer, Huggins ; "Wallace, the naturalist; Crookos, the greatest physicist of his day, and lawyers, clergymen and doctors of almost equal standing in thoir several profeysione. With such a galaxy of skilled witnesses to encourage them, can ordi nary mortals, who oithor don't know or don't caro that Bacon accepted the popular theory of witches, bo blamed for snapping thoir fingers at tbe scoffers and sticking to their belief tbat there's something in it? If a man like Crookes, with Ins marvellous insight into tho occult forces of nature, and who has opened up a new world to tho scientist with his balauoes and test tube?, is not ashamed to say that Hamlet might have really scon the ghost of his father, why should Mr. Jtinor Browne of Melbourne shrink from pub lishing his experiences with the apparitions that he encountered in the Spiritist circles of America? And if so infallible an instructor of the public as Mr. Stead proclaim that he is only an automaton in the bands of defunct journalists while ho is writing his entertaining character- sketches in tho Review of Reviews , is nob the fact a sufficient justification for tho trance- medium that sells her communications from the other world to anybody that can afford to pay her for them ? Perhaps, it will be interesting to know the latest theory of ghosts, according to tho Psychical Research Society, or, rather, according to its accomplished secretary, Mr. Myers. Mr. Myors dismisses as unscientific the popular conception of a ghost an a dead person permitted to communicate with the living. His definition of a ghost is that it is a manifestation of persistent personal energy, or that it is a residue of the force or euergy whioh tho man generated whilst he was still alive, which clings to the locality in which he spent his existence. He argues plausibly that the best key to tho laws governing the phenomena of apparitions is most likely to bo suggested by studying the laws which govern tbe manifesta tion of spiritswhile in the flesh. "Two such laws I believo to exit. In tbo first place, I believe that telopatby— tho transference of thought through other than sensory channels— exists both as between embodied spirits and as between embodied and disembodied spirits. I hold that apparitions after death result from the continued exercise of the samo energy by tho spirits of tho departed. And in tho second place I regard it a3 analogically probable that gho3ts' must thereforo as a rule roprescnt, not conscious or central ourreuts of intelligence, but mere nutomatio projections from consciousnesses which have their centres elsewhere." No- body need accept Mr. Myers's explanation, but on the other hand, tvhocau say for certain that it is not correct? Perhaps, if wo put our selves to tbe test, wo should discover that after all the attitude of most of us on the question is very muoh that of Dr. Johnson, when Boswell pressed him as to his belief in the phenomena of second sight whioh he had boon witnessing in bis journey to the Hebride?. "There is against their authenticity," he said, " tbe scorning analogy of things confusedly seon and littlo understood, and for it the indistinot cry of national persuasion, whioh perhaps may bo resolved at lost into prejudice and tradition. I could never advance my curiosity to convic tion, but oame away at last only willing to believe." To half believe, or to believe that wo believe, Is not incompatible with a comfortable sonso of repose, after all ; and it satisfies more people than havo any suspicion of it. "We may add, for the benefit of those who are curious about it, that they may get some very entertaining read ing from the December number of the Proceed ings of the P. R. Society, which contains a record of a series of observations conducted by Mr. Myers, Professor Lodge, Professor James and others. The trance-medium was a Mrs. Piper, who all the researchers declared to bo honest to the verge of stupidity, and whoso trance-know ledge of all the details of tbo family history of tho observers was very remarkable. Of course, it does not follow that Sirs. Piper was inspired by tho souls of their grandmothers. If of any valuo at all, it only indicates that tho pscycho- logists have a lot to learn yet about the func tions of the brain. ANOTHER GLIMPSE OF THE SPIRIT WORLD. to the editor of the age. Sib,— Tbe article whioh appeared in your last Saturday's issue under tho title " A Glimpse of tho Spirit World " hardly fulfilled tho promise held out to your readers. The statements thcroin made only weut to indicate that the writer's knowledso of that world was purely subjective. One completely nt cea in a dense, impenetrable nnd all pervading fog, with only a obronometrio knowledge of the sun overhead is hardly in a position to inveigh against the myopy and want of observation of such men as the discovorer of tho so-called canals in tho planet Mars. Alfred Kutweil Wallace, too, to whom Darwin is indebted for tlio cue that tovo- lutionised moro than one bronch of scienco nnd immortalised hi unme, is just such another balf-witted "crank "aeLombroso. Hut why mul tiply instances? It is repeatedly insisted upon in the article in question that spiritualist. claim that tho phonomenft known as table moving, table tilting, mind rending, clairvoyance and so on to the end of the "jargon" arc of a "super natural" origin. It must bo homo in mind that thoro arc Spiritualists and Spiritualista; but any? ono who line crossed the ;-o;is a inoritm of tho philosophy of tho supra-mundane must lmvc recognised that in this newly explored world law reigns supreme, from the highest henvon to tho "bottom of thn bottomless. ' Iu short, such terms os "supernatural" and "oieat|on," hrcd of ignorance and stupidity, aro entirely banished from our vocabulary. And yet wo aro represented as attributing all superseniiuous phenomena to tho oporatlon of "supernatural M agencies. Such is the persistent credulity of unbcliof ! Clairvoyance nnd mind reading may be merely an exaltation or evolution of ordiuary vision, " Spiritualist," whoso letter you embody in your article, to tho contrary notwithstand ing. Thie very day I have had evidence of the truth of clairvoyunciv My (laughter, agod 9, called to mc from her bedroom that sho had dreamed whero a broom was lying, which a playful dog hud been in tho habit of onrryiug about, and which had been tho object of sourch by the whole household for nearly a wcok. To satisfy the child that she had been only drcarping, she was requested to fetch tho article which had been given up as lost. In Icrs tbne than it takes to writo this nnrrativo the broom was in evidence, in spite of the blind man's rebuff, "coincidence, " that tbo vision of tho spirit transcends ordinary sight n muoh as tho light of tho noonday sun in » clear atmos phere surpasses tho glimpse of the horned moon. No doubt thousands of your renders havo had similar demonstrations of the exist ence of this faculty, audit is mentioned here j merely beunusu il mi "U udcd ::: the rr.hM!" of this lector. I am aware that swino can neither digest nor assimilate pearls, nnd that anything that does not ndmit of ndvautngeou pausngo through thoir nlimcutary oiiual iu ipse facto oachewud and claused as trash and humbug. Clairvoyanco is easily simulated. Somo years ago I witnessed a public exhibition of " clairvoyauce." Tho " clairvoyante," blind folded and seated on tho platform of tho hall, undertook to couub and state the uurnber of matches in tho boxes of the audience, her partner countiug them previously, of course, to sue that all was fair and square. Tho experi ments were completely successful, tho audienco being completely staggered and literally amazed by tbe unvarying correctness oi tho replies. Men who hnd been sceptics in roligiou all thoir lives thenceforward accepted tho "supernatural," and lived on hopo raised by tho success of thAt single stance. Ycb in truth tho only magic in the wholo proceedings was involved in tlio correct interpretation of tho emphasis, tones, pauses aud stool: sentences of the accomplioa. The test was moro a oluiraudient than a clair voyant one. 13y simple pre-arranged contriv ance, in tlie invoufeiou of which the tlmumatur- gist's imagination is peculiarly fertile, the public — "mostly fools"— can be worked up into hysterics. But such negative results prove nothing, and only impose on tho stupid. Mra. Steen's "clairvoyanco" might bo cloudod by proper atteution to hor auricular aper tures. As for table moving, nine-tenths of your reader can provo tho fact for themselves in an hour or two. In regard to Mr. Stead's writing under the influence of "spooks," I know that any poron who has the necessary orgAnbatiou can bo made tho instrument of invisible intelligences. 'This is eusily demon strated though not so readily as table moving. Comparatively few nro sulllotcntly susceptible to the influence of cx- corporcal minds to rufioot the light they shod. I have the honor and privilege to bo acquainted with one, re specting whose probity I would stake my very existence, who receives written communi cations liko Air. Stead, tho purport of which, till read, tho writer is as Ignorant of as tbe man in the moon. Call this " unconscious celebra tion " if you will ; say that tho appondod signa tures nnd corroborative facts are duo to tho aobion of the "subconscious mind," if you so pleoso; term those who bolievo the ovidouco of their senses in these matters supuntitiqus cranks, if such delight your readers ; but know that a denial of tlio truth of the central fact of spiritualism, viz., tlio possibility of intercourse with the dlsombodicd, is tantamount to a charge of imbecility; nay more, of wilful, lying and studied duooit, ugsinst millions of tho human race who know no guide but reason, who acknowledge no authority but truth, and whose couduct should ever conform to tlio dictate of an enlightened ultruism.— Yours, «kc., . OHAS. F. LAUGIE1L S.S., Enfield, 27th April, IB93. The five hour sermons which loft the capa cious souls of the countrymen of John Knox un stinted were light and frivolous entertainment by tip side of the 10 hours' speech whioh Mr. Theodore Fink made for his client at the police court, to the gain of bis own voputation and that of tho reformers who carried amalgamation on the ground that a solicitor was as good as a barrister any day ; but, big feat aa it was, it doesn't take tbo cake in matter of size. Tlio longest speech on record is bolieved to have boon that made by Mr. De Cosmos in the Legislature of British Columbia, when a measure was ponding the paes&go; of whioh would take from a great many settlers their lands. De Cosmos was in a hope less minority- Tho job had been bold back till tho cvq of tho claso of tho session; unless legis lation was taken before noon of a given day tbe act of confiscation would fail. Thu day before tbe expiration of the limitation De Cosmos got tho floor about 10 a.m. at)d began a speech against tho bill. Its friends cared little, for they supposed that by I or 2 o'clock he would be through, and. the bill could he put on its passage. Ono o'clock came, and De Cosmos was speaking still — hnd not more tbau entered upon his subject. Two o'clock — he was saying "in the secoud place." Three o'clock — he? produced a fearful bundlo oi evidences and inmsted on reading it. The majority began to have a suspicion of the truth— ho was going to speak till next noon and kill the bilk For a while they inado merry over it, but as it c&mo; on to d'usk they began to get alarmed. They tried interruption?, but soon abandoned thorn, because each ono afforded him a chance to digresn and gain time. They tried to shout him down, but that gave him a breath ing space, and, finally, thoy settled down to watch the combat between strength of will and weakness of body. They gave him no inercy— no adjournment for dinner, no chance to do more than wet his lips with water, no wandering from his subject, no sitting down. Twilight darkened ; the gns was lit; members slipped out to dinner in reluys, and returned to sleep in squads, but De Cosmos wont on. The Speakor, to whom bo was addre>sing himself, was alternately dozing, snoring and trying to look wide awake. Day dawned, and tho majority slipped out in squads to wash and breakfast, nud the speaker still held on. It cannot he said that it was a very logical, eloquent or sustained speech. There were digressions iu it, repothioni also. But still tho speaker kept on ; aud at last noon came to a baffled majority, livid with rage and impotence, and a single man who was tiium- phnnt, though his voico had sunk to a husky whisper, his eyes were almost shut and wcro bleared and bloodshot, his legs tottered uuder him his blacked lips were cracked and smeared with blood. Do Cosmos had spoken 26 hours, and saved the settlers their lands 1 Here are some remarkable statistics about Chicago. In his annual trado report Mr. Hayes Sadler, British oonsul at Chicago, gave some interesting statistics relative to tho size and growth of Chicago. In 1830 the population of Chicago consisted of 70 persons, in 1832 it had increased to 200, and in 1833 to 350. In 1837 it was incorporated as a city ; it comprised but a very small part of ils present site, and a census then taken showed 4170 inhabitants. In 1850 tho population was 29,963, 10 years later 112,172 ; in 1870, 298.977 ; in 1880, 505,185; and in 1890, 1,208,669, an increase of 705,484 in 10 years. Tho city is still increasing, aud now con tains about 1,300,000 inhabitants. Chicago now extends along the lino of HaLsted-Btrcet, a distance of 2l£ miles (Bays the Jlritish Architect, with professional pride), and from cast to wc9t at tho broadest point 10 £ miles ; it covers an area of 115,328 acres, or 180.2 square miles, aud is almost entirely surrounded by magnificent boulevards, stretching for about 35 miles, and expanding hero and there Into oxtensivc parks. In 1890 thero wcro 127,871 dwellings aud 220,320 families, or an average of L72 families to caeh dwelling. Last yoar 11,805 buildings were constructed, covering a frontage of 53 miles, at a cost of £11,134,600, to which may be added probably 20 per cent, for comple tion beyond the entimatue. The river frontage extends 41 miles and the lake fronttigo 21 miles. There arc 2332 miles of streets, nnd counting the boulovarde 3164 miles ; 775 miles of streets aro paved, of which 481 miles are paved with wood aud 231.3 miles with stone. The park and boulevard system covers 2597 acres. Nearly 100 miles of fresh sewers were laid last year, with pipes varying from 9 inches to 9 feet in diameter. Educatiou has kept pace with the genoral advance. Thero aro 218 schools, seating 125,000 pupils, and costing £1,130,000, 86 per cent, of which is raised by taxation, aud the balance derived from school property. Three years ago tho appropriation did not amount to half that sum The totql trade in 1891 is esti mated at £309,825,000, against £284,500,000 in the prooeding year, or a little Ies3 than one-third of tho total hank cloaring?1. In 1850 the total trado was, in round numbers, £4,000,000 ; in I860, £20.000,000; in 1870, £77,000,000; in 1880, £186,000,000; in 1885, £193,000,000; in 1890, £284,000,000 ; and in 1891, £300,000,000. Tho Chicago Exhibition has been oponed with tho tisufil floqriah of trumpots, hrason and other wise. Tho qsual quantity of breath will he spent, and probably a more thau usual amount of ink spilled over the industrial Congross of the' nations as a magnificent moral oonceptioq, though very few of the 500,000 spectators who joined in the prenns will recall tho opposition thatgreoted tbe idea as it emerged from tho invuntive brain of Prjnoe Aort. "A bold, rash, mad experiment," was what that clever cosmopolite lady, the Princess Leviep, called it, if wo aro to believo Mecauiay ; while we know from Hansard that one prominent member of tho House of Commons oalled down lightning from heavon to blast the mischievous projcot, Sinoo then the axporiir.ont has been repeated in almost evory oountry in tho world, nnd a nation which has not hod its Palace «f Industry would bo voted ns unfashionable as ope thAt bad never hnd a revolution or a war. Ono of the good, results we wore taught to cxpeob from Ex?- hibitionu was tho inauguration of tbo reign of poaco on oarth. But sinoo the yoar that Sir Jpsep'n Paxtpu raised hie huge gloss house iu Hyde Park the world has been a slaughter bouse IVar has succeeded war, each more frightful and ferocious than its predecessor— the Crimean war, the Indian mutiny, the war between Austria ami Franco, tho civil war in the United States, the war between Russia and Turkey, aud botwoen Prussia and Austria, and last of all the war that closed at Sedan and atill remains to bo fought out to the bitter qnd. A significant faot for the peace makers to ponder over is tho announcement that the leading statesmen of tho United States have Just declared that tbey will go to war with Eng land rather than renouueo their oleims to the Koat fishery, almost in the samo broath that thoy dedicato the great temple of industry which they have just roared in Chicago to the oause of peace on earth and good will towards men, nnd tho opening of which is celebrated by Mr. Swin burne in tho following ndo t— EAST TO WEST. I. Sunset smiles on sunrise : east and west are one, Face to facu iu heaven boforothe sovereign sun. From the springs of the dawn everlasting a glory renews and transfigures tho west. From tho dQpths of tho sunset a light as of morning enkindles the broad sea's brea9t, And tho lands and the skies and the waters aro glad of the (lay's and the night's work done. II. Child of dawn, and regent on tbe world wide sea, England ((miles on Europe, fair as dawn and free. Nob the waters that gird her are ptiror, nor mightier the winda that her wators know. But America, daughter and sister of England, is praised of thora, far as they flow : Atlantic responds to Pacific tho praise of her days that have boon and shall be. III. So from England westward let tho watchword fly, So for Englaml eastward let tho seas reply ; Praise, honor and lovo ovorlastiitg be sent on tho wind's wings, westward and east, That the pride of tho past and the pride of tho future inay mlnglo as friends at fenst, And the sons of the lords of tho world wide seas he one till the world's life dio. Ben Tillctt is one of the men whoso name must live when the history of tho labor problem is written. Here is the story of how he made his start iu life, from the pea of his friend, tho Rev. J. O. Oarllle: — "There was a crowd iu the dingy Bristol street— a tiny youngster had fallen down in a dead faint. Nobody knew him ; ho was shabby, and had a hungry look upon his pale, dreamy face. The people stared at the boy, and then went about their business. Ho was only a youugeter whom no one owned. A woman with a shawl over her head pushed forward and picked the littlo chap up in her strong arm?. He could not stand, and seemed dying. She kissed the palo lips, and carried the stranger home. For three weeks she cared for him as he lay between life and death. Rough and poor as she was, she kuew the Christ, and for His sake cared for this nameless waif of the Bristol-street. "Who ho was remained a mystery until the end of that terrible tlireo weeks ; then he told his story. He was Benny Tillett ; he had no mother ; he had tramped from Gloucester to Bristol ; starved two days, then faintod in the street ; did not know where be was going ; waB 8 years old, and wanted work. Tho rough woman wept over tho pleading face of tbe boy, and from that day cared for him as her own." As was natural for such a foundling, he was early put to work his own way in the world " Fond of roving and romance, before he was 12 ho had twice run away from his father's cottage, tramping the streets, and camping out at night in the hedges or bohind the brick kilns. Tho marvel is that these early years did not damn his character utterly. While upon these excur sions ho picked up a smattering of tho boot trade, which afterwards stood him in good stead. At 14, tired of life on land, he went to sea. On board tho training ship he gave evi dence of the powers which have since made j him famous. In the class he easily distanced tbe other lads in learning. On deck he was ready for fun or fighting. Afterwards in the navy and on trading ships ho saw much of the rough side of lifo ; actual and bittor experiences taught him the hardships of the toller's lot, which ho has done bo muoh to soften." It was Thomas Cooper, tho Chartist, who first made him think of his duty to his class. One night he beard Cooper deolaro " that ho would rather be a dead dog than an ignorant workman know ing nothing and doing nothing for his class," The taunt fixed itself in Ben's mind ; it made him think. He began to read economics. Ruskin, Carlylo and Newman are his favorites. After a heavy day's work on the tea floor he would go home to his borrowed book, at which lie would sit half the night. After studying for somo time he tried his hand at speaking, and an old platform fAvorito advised him as a friend to give it up and try writing,whcre it did not seem so obvious that he would bo a failure. Tillctt replied, " In five years they will listen to mo whoro they will laugh at you "—a prediction which deserves to rank beside Disraeli's intima tion to tho House of Commons when they laughed at his maiden speech, that a time wouljl coine wheu they would hear him. Scene a Parisian restaurant. Enter a fussy old gentleman, who, after choosing his table, beckons to the waiter and says confidentially, " I want a really good dinner. Here's your tip beforehand. Now, what do you recommend?" Walter, looking cautiously round and whispering in the client's car, " Go somewhere else." 