MEMBERS AND THEIR PER QUISITES. A good many persons will remember that there was a great to-do some few years ago when the then newly appoint ed Public Service Commissioners published 7\. ■ t a list of the names, oges and salaries of the whole of the Government officials. In circles within the influence of the civil service, the publication of that His toric document was looked upon as a ruthless piece of barbarity. To use a colloquialism it was “giving” the ser vice away on two of thq tenderest spots oh which a man can be touched—his age and what he gets. What, however, did the wives, cousins, aunts, fathers, brothers, sons, daughters, children at college and children in arms, govern nesses and servants of members of Parli mont, say or think when last Tuesday morning they opened the Age, or some kind and sympathising friend brought them a copy and they read there the record—the year, the day, and the places—of the many cheap and pleasant jaunts they bad had at the expanse of a much suffering and grievously bur dened public ? Little thought those wives, cousins, Mr. Butter's daughter's little excursion parly, or the five sons and a governess, of another member, or the five children without a governess of still another member—little any of them thought when those pleasant and decidedly cheap rides were being taken, that the scribe at Spencer street bad them on bis list and that some day they wo.uld rise like ghost* from unhallowed graves to jeer and jibber at them. There was, we can believe, many a painful flutter in many a gentle heart when the Age's list was scanned, and from many a member whose ordinary conversational language is Parliamentary, language sovirile and virulent issued as that could hardly be reproduced in Hansard. Of course it was no news that members of Parliament were in the habit of using their privileges in this way. Something of the kind came to light in conse quence of the gingerly conducted pro ceedings of the Free Pass Board, but certain members of that board insisted that it was not to be made a fishing enquiry, so only part of the' truth came out. Now the whole murder is put, and the country is metaphorically laughing from end to end at the “scalpers.” In the Upper House hon. members have already referred to the- publication of the list, and various of them have ex plained away, with more or less success, the appearance of their names upon it; In _tha_ Assembly,, appears to have been taken more philosophically, or perhaps the gentlemen of from 50 to 150 free passes for their relations and other friends, wisely consider that the task of putting themselves right with the public will be such a very difficult one and the result so uncertain that they had better let it rest, and trust to time to obliterate the details from the minds of the electors. It is very fortunate for some of those gentlemen whose names appear on the list that it did not come to light a few days before the last general election. Leaving it out of the question, for obvious reasons, whether it' was right or wrong for the department tp issue those passes, the fact that certain mem bers and their connections had b&en; such very gluttons for free jaunts would have gone hard with them at the ballot boxes. There ate some things which the 'ihpst stolid and easy-going of electors will not stand and this is one of them;: They would not object to a member taking bis wife or perhaps his wife'and daughter with him to help to, give eclat to opening and proroguing ceremonies, but they do draw the line at those family parties to Albury—on route for Sydney presumably —from 'Melbourne to Swan Hill, Mel bourne and Ballarat to Warroambool, from Melbourne in short to every town or township in the colony, or/ v ‘from station to station-—” that .is to go wherever they please. It is alleged that the. sixty or so of members who have been! pilloried are not the only offenders. Consequently it is stated that a list is to. be asked for in Parliament in which the whole of the members will find a.place. It would be interesting to. have the catalogue as, com plete as possible, so that the public may know the. full extent .of this traffic in riotism of,members accordingly. When members Were reimbursed their expenses, when payment of members was intro duced,- it was not thought that they would take to packing the railways in this fashion.' B.ut .looking down the list it verily appears as if the families and con-; neotions of certain of the members were continually away from-their homes with free railway passes in their pockets, and. that very much of the time of the/head of the-housL-bold was taken up in keeping them supplied with such passes. We repeat that;;-it is a-good thing for the-most persistent of these offenders that .the list puWisheflipm the eVe.of a.general the placesofnota few of them would- have known? the'ra no more, whilst we are not so sure but that when the next election comes the story of these free passesvwll) for more'than one member last, s’raw upon, the canel’s baok. It was the seifish reckless-:;; ness of these men 'in interests/ the aybrage elector -will argue, ttyat gaye us. our. debt;and bur mpuntain of- itaxation to payi;; J . w ; FqyBTH- reading matter Will -bp found - in the "fourth .and ineiit: AcdpUntSjiMembera/ Pass gonce. ; •, • 7 ■; v.;;-. V:, ‘ To-day's . Evm?T3,-4 ; HunUy .Council,lo' &m.; ; Mafong ■.;• /Council,' " 32' Women’s Prayer .Union meet, 2rBlT p.in;/;: sittings' of the. Sandhurst and 7Sandhurst; South and 7.30 p.m.<; montblymeeting, Good Intent Booi6ty,Tdm peraaoo Hall, 7,30 p.m.; Bible reading at 3 and evangelistic meeting at 7.30 p.ra;, Bap fcjst Church, Hargreaves street; fortnightly rWoofcing, A.N.A,; 8 p.m, {'Social evening, Hopofcoun Club, MeaonioHall, 8 p.m. >) Parliament.—ld tho Assembly last even ing several intmibors who foltsoro on tho .fi’oo-pass. buoihoss took the opportunity of challenging' theoorrectncss of tho depart mental list as furnished > in the Spolgbt v. Symo case, If what some of the mom bora said is true, thon people have boon in tho habit' . protending \ to bo sons and daughters, ota, of members of Parlia ment, and fraudulently getting froS passes from tho department, After • this the discussion on the budget was resumed, moat of'tlio spoalctug being in opposition to tho income tax, ' Tho Premier wanted to take a division' objected, and the to'bo adjourned, bo that private business.could bo called on. Mr. W, T. Carter’s bill for the soiling of baker’s broad by weight was passed through ell stages, and ordered to ho sOnt on to tho tipper House. The Municipal Sursidy in Danger.—A deputation from tho Shires of Yarrawonga, Rutherglen and North Ovens waited upon Mr. Webb, Minister of Public Works yesterday and asked for a special grant, for a bridge. Mr. Webb. In reply.-said there was no money available for special grants. Tbo time was coming when tho grants would bo abolished, and tho gradual reduction of tbd municipal subsidy was also advocated. Tbo suggestion i wastobogin by withdrawing aid from the wealthy bodies,and as an old munioipal ooun> oil lor no would not object.—Herald. Parliamentary Papers. —A return show ing a copy of the evidence, together With the recommendation of the warden, Regarding the application for forfeiture of loaso number 6370, Diamond . Hill, was laid on tho tablo of tbo Legislative Assembly on Tuesday ovoning. . Printing the Electoral Rolls.—ln re ply to Mr. Bailes. in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday ovoning, Mr. Patterson said that directions had boon given in accordance with a resolution of tho House that tho doctoral roils should'tnvfuturo bo printed in tho res- > poetivo electoral dUtriots whenever it was ‘found, that ibis could bo djino at IeBS cost than at tbo Qbvernmont Prlgling offlb#,- -This answer is .a correction of the one gWon-in ‘Our Parliamentary report in yesterday's issue. \- Insolvent,—F. Wainhold, of Heathcote, hotelkeeper. Compulsory sequestration. stgnao, J. -Hasker, Meeting—Monday, 7th ■yugust. at 11,30 n.m. ' Magisterial Inquiry,—An inquiry into the causo of death of Mr. George Wilkinson, -who expired' on Tuesday afternoon in tho Bendigo Hospital, was bold tboro yesterday, before Mr. R. F. Howard, J.P. J. J. Beaumont gave ovidonco to the effect that last. Saturday afternoon ho was returning from Bendigo with deceased in a spring part drawn- by ,a pair of horses., , When near tho Back Crook cemetery onn. of tho horses shied, probably -at a heap of stones near the side of' a culvert Tbo cart.was drawn to ono side into a hollow, aud tho seat canted back, .throwing Wilkinson out on his hood. over - tho wheel. Witness was driving. Elizabeth Cairns, a resident of Cemetery Road.- deposed to Booing tho horse shying, sbo believed at a perambulator which was passing at the time, and the-deceased, falling out Dr. Peebles deposed that death was duo to paralysis, tho result of tbo fall. A verdict of accidental death woe recorded. Fob Halva Pound or Tobacco.—OnSatur day.on assault which is likely to bo attended with fatal consequences occulted at Lima, a few miles from Benalta. John and Christopher Roddy (brothers).and John Tremayne, all of whom woro engaged in rabbit (rapping, wore having dinner at tboir camp, when an alter cation arose between tbo brothers Roddy "about tho unequal distribution of half a pound of tobacco which they bad received that day. They had a struggle in which’ no harm was done to cither, and as soon as tboy were separated by Tremayne, John Roddy, aged 19, seized a tomahawk and struck bis brother a aevoro blow on tho bead with it, Inflicting an ugly wound. Tbo injured man' now lies at tbo Wangaratta Hospital in a vory critical condition. His assailant was brought up at the local court on Monday and remanded for a week. Local Land Board.—Seven applications wore'dealt with by tbo .Land Officer, Mr. M. Macoby, yesterday. That of George Gregory, eight acres, parish of Loiahardt, under sec tion 123, was refused, as also wero.tho appli cations,' under tho 99tb section, of Thomas Fawcett,William Carroll, Patrick Carroll and Laurence Carroll; for throe aoro allotments at Janiombcr Eub , tho land to bo offered for sale, at pubiio auction. Tho application,under the 65th section, of Michael Griffin, 10 acres, parish of Sandhurst, was postponbdg and that of James Keck, 10 acres,. parish of. Sandhurst* recommended. - Larceny.—Two laroenists wore dealt with at yesterday-8 City Police Court, before Messrs Anderson, Henderson, ana Webb, J’s.P. The first case was against a woman named Annie McFarlane, wno. was about a fortnight ago convicted for a similar offence. Evidence was taken to show that tbo accused had, oh tbo 27th of last month stolen a dross, valued at £l, from Mrs. Adam’s fancy shop in MoCrae street. The accused was arrested at Haywood, with the'"dress- ip her possession. Accused pleaded , guilty, but.-stated, - with much emotion, that she. was slightly under Ibe'influence of drink when she stole tbo article. Sergeant Fahey informed tho bench that the prisoner bad on two previous, occas ions been convicted. Tho last conviction was about tho middle of last month, when the bench, desiring to deal leniently .with bur, bad ordered her detention until the rising of the court. The bonoh advised tho accused to -lea vo-tho diet riot, -and endeavor to.got' work elsewhere as soon as her term of imprison ment bad expired, and sentenced her to seven days. Joseph Landy was charged with tho larceny of a racing saddle, valued at £2, the property of Joseph Beaumont, saddler, Market Square. Tho evidence taken showed ■ that the accused bad obtained the loan of a saddle from Beaumont on 4th ult, with the condition that be returned it on tho 14ch of tho same month. This, however, he failed to do, having sold tbo saddle to a horse dealer named John Fuller, who afterwards dis- Soaed of tho same article to a furniture caler named Harry Nixon for 355. Sergeant Young, . of Kynoton, who arrested (he prisoner gave him a ■ good character, and he was let off with three days’ imprisonment. Wesleyan Evangelistic Services.—Yes terday afternoon the Rev.. J. Watsford con ducted an evangelistic service in the Forest Street Wesleyan Church. In the evening he conducted another service'on the same lines. He descanted'on the duty of those who, be said, bad just received salvation, informing them that the first impulse of their souls should be to save others, fib spoke eloquently of the importance of the saving' of souls, instanced bjr the.fact that there was “joy in heaven over one sinner that repented”—joy ip tho presence of the angels. Christ rejoiced. Thore was joy on earth, and a wondrous joy sprang up in the saved sinner’s ‘heart. In oonoluding.be gave some interesting accounts about the trophies of-the Cross he had seen, and rejoiced that the Savior was present with them, ready to save and rebel vo every repent ing sinner. Tho services will bo continued to-day. Golden Square Fire Brigade?— The monthly meeting was hold on Tuesday even ing in the depot, Captain Nolan in the obair, and 17 members present. The secretary of tho Wngga Wagga Brigade wrote' intimating : that they bad abandoned the proposed demon stration in November next. Apparatus Officer Brown resigned with regret, as he intended leaving the dristriot. Mr. A. G. Daymond, hon. secretary of .the Sandhurst branch A.N.A. Military Concert committee, wrote asking the brigade .to take part in a torchlight procession op tho night of the concert. Re quest complied with." Lieutenant Tcasodalo reported everything In good working order 1 Onomomber was struck off the list- for bad :Rttendaiyuiu..juid apothQr. .graated .n~ month’s - leave of absence. TC called for next Tuesday evening' to pick the' teams'to run off ontho2sth Inst, for the four gold medals presented by tho citizens. • Prosperity.'—Bendigo, Ballarat, Geelong, Castlemaino, Stawell, ana other great inland centres of population' aro. more prosperous now than atanyprevious peribd-of oiir his- i tory. Tbo depression in Melbourne is distinctly repudiated by the country. So says tbo Standard, and it is true to some considerable extent, Reported Illness of Mr. R. Burrowes. —At the half-yearly meeting of the Deniliquin and Moama Railway Cos, at Deniliquin 'on Tuesday, Mr. Burrowes, the chairman of directors, was absent, it was stated through illness. though perhaps not quit© well enough to enjoy a journey to Deniliquin not ,absolutely neoossayy. wo are glad to say tbat thero is nothing much wrong with him. Like so .'many others this- Winter be had a rather'had : bold, but otherwise is quite well. The Deniliquin and'Moama Railway Com pany have a,6, per cent, dividend for the half year. A.N.A.—The fortnightly meeting of tbo Sandhurst branch will ho hold, this evening at Bip’clpck.. .. Tho committee?? have decided, ib eon sequence of '.the - death? of Mrs. Curnow, to postpone .thb oonoort that was to have boon givenjt6-riigbt;Mll next Tuesday night. Retrenchment .has’ been vigorously com-- menoed in the ..survey, and. other pubiio?db-i porlments in Western Australia. Eighty oivil . servants received dismissal notices; bn Tuesday. .-Burned to Death.—Mrs. Bell, wife : of ’ Mr. Robort Bell, of Heathcote, who was bo severely burnt about three weeks ago by hot ’■ Clothing oatobing fire, while engaged in iron-' fogi laat Monday inorning. Mr. Bell hod ■sold bis property heroand had"taken passages' 1 for birftsolf and bis wife to, England. They were . about to leave when , the accident occurred. The quarterly .mooting, of tho ; Ebglohawk branch was held . lost, evening’in the'-Primitivo Methodist sobool-room. . Air. J. Manderson presided,* add there was a • fair attendance. The'programme opened with a' selection by tho oboir under Mr. W. James. Misses James, Mills, Box, Barnes and Eames.and. Mr, . Miller contributed songs ;• Mr, Pascoe recited “ Edinburgh after Floddon”: Mr, Gilbert, of Bendigo, a stircing address-; a dialogue was given by tho Bondfgo“ YV, "'written by one of. thorn, and it greatly pleased those, present. During tho evening the choir rendered several selections, and a hearty vote of thanks was 'passed to tho visitors and all those who assisted In tho entertainment Trades and Labor Cotooil.— At tp° meeting of tho council last evening, cor, respondonco was rood from the Ballarat Trades Council, regarding tho appointment of a representative of Bendigo on the Ballarat Council. The sooretary was instructed to ask that the nomination .bo made by tho Ballarat Council. , A report from a special committee appointed to draw,up a municipal platform was read. It wos decided to write to tho Bendigo and Eaglohawk retiring councillors, asking their opinions upon tho suggestions, and in tho event ot satisfactory replies being received tho matter to _bo laid before a special mooting of the council. Air. H. G. Mather, of tho Typographical Society, was elected treasurer. A report was sub mitted by the secretary (Mr, Egan) to the effect that after consultation with tho presi dent bo had waited upon tho mayor, since the refusal ot Mr, Lansell to treat with tho Trades.and Labor Counoil, in tho matter of Unemployed, and requested tho mayor to take tho subject in band so that tho offer ‘ of Mr. Lansell and tho supplementary offer of tho Government might bo made to load to some thing beneficial, Tho mayor courteously agreed to do bis best. The action of tbo sec retary, was endorsed and tbo meeting closed alter tho'passing of accounts. Intestate Estates.— rTbo curator of estates 'of deceased persons has obtained rules to administer the estates of/William Chambers, Specimen Hill, Kangaroo Elat, died 24th April, 1893, £43: William Philip Redan Hill, died 17th July, 1893, £406 3s 7d; Catherine Matthew Philips, Golden Square, died 12th July, 1893, £3O. Makin to be Hanged,— At a meeting of tbo Sydney Executive .Council, yesterday, the execution of Makin, the wholesale baby murderer, was -fixed, for tho 15tb Inst. i POEB.XiEO XIII has refused a request made to' .him by. tho French clerical party that jtto would use bis power jas hoad.ofAbo Church to Influence: .Catholics in the French general elections. • The Great Strike in Ek6^,nd,—With a view to bringing about an, strike the Belgian minors have offered, to do operate with the coal minors in England, who have-gone on slriko. Tbo English coke burners have also mined In the strike. A section of tho Yorkshire mine-owners offer to withdraw the notions reducing tbo wages 26 per cant., and pledge themselves to make no redaction this year. About 400,000 men aro estimated to be out oh strike. Death op an Octogenarian.— The death Is announced of Mrs. David Scott, of Bridge street, ot the. ago of 81. The old lady did not long survive her husband who, it will bo remembered,died not long ago at an extremely advanced ago. Tbo funoral takes place to-day, ot 3.30 o’clock, to tbo While Hills ceme tery. An Opthalmic Specialist.— Dr. Edgelow, a specialist who has had considerable ex- perience in opthalmic work under Mr. Brude- nell Carter, and who has held the position of house surgeon in several of the leading English hospitals, may now be consulted at Mr. T. R. Jones’s, chemist, Hargreaves street. Dr. Edgelow also brings with him credentials from several well known Mel- bourne practitioners. A Woman Hacked to Death.— Tbo wife of John McLean - has been found murdered with an axo at the Leap, twenty miles from Mackay. The unfortunate woman’s neok was terribly backed about, and it is supposed that she was murdered on Saturday night or on Sunday,. Dramatic. —The theatre will be occupied on Monday for a short season by Mr. J. S. Lyle’s dramatic company. A sensational drama entitled “Bail Up” .will bo produced,in which Mrs. Keightley will taka the role of heroine. The box plan is open at the musio warehouse of Messrs. Evans and Crook, High street. Tho Eaglohawk Women’s Prayer Union meet at the .Council Chamber tills.afternoon at 2,30. The monthly meeting of the Good Intent Society, will be held - to-night in the Temperance Hall at 7.30. Messrs. Grattan & Stamp wiil to-day, at the Victoria Hotel, at 2 o’clock, offer for sale or lease a freehold estate of 1500 aoresnear Maoorna. Messrs. F.X. Riedle and Cos. will sell to-day, at their- rooms. View Point, at 2 o’clock, a quantity of new and secondhand furniture, bedding, tsoi Tho Co-operative Distribution Society holds its .fifth half-yearly meeting to-night, Aa there is an excellent.balance-shoot to very important business to bo discussed, a largo attendance is requested. . Dr, Stanley,- F.8.6.L., will.give “ a night with the poets and humourists ” in tho Congregational Half, Forest street, ‘on Monday evening next, when the Bendigo Glee Club will give several selections. 