A Soldier's Secret. y CAPT. CHAS. KING "CHAPTER III -(Continued). Agents might and did cheat and steal, but so did the Indian; and many are' Soicing old sinner has been credited with a family of twelve when his sole avail able domestic assets consisted of two squaws and three children, the papooses having been borrowed or personated by bundled up doggies, the grandmother being publio property passed around for the occasion; the others, pickaninnies painted so as to look entirely unlike the grinning urchins counted In the fock of brother itabin-the-Dark, whose people had just been enumerated. There were agents who lent themselves to that sort 9f thing because the more Indians they. could show as their especial wards, the moretbarrels and boxeinaud bales were invoiced to that agency. and deftly ,"'aked off' en route. There was a time when the man who wouldn't make hay when such a ann. shone was looked upon as an unprofitable servant who eouldn't contribute to campaign funds "'What the cer d0o you suppose we bas you made agent 'ivay up at Gallatin for?' asked an irate political "boss" of a deposed and crestfallen 'late incumbebent who camne home sunerseded. * "Why, it was yoiu' and our congress man who exposed the stealings of my. predecessor 'and had him ired. I sup.. posed you wouldn't stand that sort of thing. I supposed you wanted me to be perfectly honest." ' "Of course we did; but, damn it, you don't seem to understand; he was paying to the other iarty." But railways and telegraphs have broughtall this, or much of it, within 'range, so to speak. Things have changed, exceptperhaps human nature, white or Indian. There has been failure ,to provide for carrying out the earnest recommendations of the best friend the Indian has known for years- the man whose word was his bond, whom they .feared n war and loved and trusted in peace.. There has been shrinkage both, in the cattle and the count., No matter - how fimuch beef might shrivel on the hoof in the old days, the Sioux, if .he were at all sharp, got more than was his share; and most of the Sioux were as sharp as their knives. Other, tribes might have starved andauffered, but not they. With the new order of things came full atom. ache for hosts of other aborigines, but. fault finding for these Dakotas. No more "tepee counts;" on the contrary heads of families paraded their entire force, and while enumerators with book and pencil went along the front of the line, Uncle Sam's bluecoats on the border keenly watched the rear and put sudden stop to all sham and swapping. :Now the shrinkage came to be privation, and, turning in appeal to'the general who headed the great commission and. won their faith, appealing to Crook for the remedies congress had utterly failed to provide, their heartswerebowed with ,e tidings that the Great: Spiritiad. summoned the "Gray Foz" to happier hmiuting grounds. Then was there no other appeal? One -one which had never failed to wring from the government the concession de sired. Old chiefs might plead in vain, but the blood of the young warriors is' hot and strong, the lust for reputation as vehement as of yore. Every brave stood ripe for action, and no Indian leader ever equaled in craft, in cunning:, in adroitness the scowling old sinner' Sitting Bull, and no man need doubt that it was he who gave the'cue.n Every medicine man in the Dakota Nation be. gan to preach the coming of the M?es slah, but the Mesisah crazm was only the means to an end. Un-kol-to, the In dian redeemer-he who ordained that his children should prepare themselves by the. savage rites of the ghost dance to meet him and all their dead ancestry and with them wipe the paleface from. the land-Un-koi-to was a fraud of the first water, a masquerading scamp of a white man at odds with his own kind,' and progressive Indians knew it.. But even to such a saviour, when urged by the charlatans in every village, the su perstitions nature of the red man turned in eger adulation, and the ghastly, mad-' dening dance went on. SNight after night all over the broad northwest the skies were aglow with the Indian fires. The vault of the heavens echoed to the sound of frenzied shriek and yell and the furious beat of the 'Indan drum. It il but a step from the ghost dance to the scalp dance-from. Indian worship to Indian war. A year ago in every valley of beautiful South Dakota cattle were browsing on the bunch grass, settlers plowing on the plains,women sewing and singing under the new raised rooftrees, and gleeful children playing in the golden heaps of corn. Now the plow stands idlein the abandoned furrow; the cattlehave gone, to make up, presumably, for the reser ration shrinkage; women's songs have changed to sobs, children's launghter hushed to terrified silence, asthe settlers seek the refuge of the towns. New red glare in the sky at night, and the new ranch house lights the way of many a· savage warrior, bound with arms and ponies to swell the hostile ranks in the mazes of the Bad Lands. '*uo1 only. nows now soon it may come," read Farquhar, but a week be fore, "but I think you would better be with your command." Farquhar re linquished his shooting trip and at once gothim home. He could not bear to tell his people, in the happiest garrison the regiment had ever known, that per haps it might be as well to drop the plans for the cavalry 'hall and the Christrmas thestricals, the cherished projects for the coming holidays. He hated to have any one ask him if he thought there were not jnust a chance just a chance-of their being ordered up there. But even before he left he _nd BerrienhPabeen talking the mat ter over. The idea was to always have she regiment ready for anything, and it did seem as though with all the sum mer and fall marching and scouting and manenvering in the field they were, as the Englishmen would say, "pretty fit. Fit, certainly, for any amount of scout ing or fighting on the southern plainsm. and yet utterly unprepared for the rigors of a Dakota winter. Anycolonel who, serving tuinArizona orin the indian Teritory, was to apply for, canvas overcoats, blanket lined, for fur caps, gloves; boots, leggings, etc.; intended only for service in the high latitudes, would have, been laughed at, if not snubbed.' Farquhar decided it best not to let any of the women worry over a possibility. No use borrowing trouble,. he said.: Long years had the regiment served in that wintry land. Fierce and incessant had been its campaigns against the Indians. Dire.had been itsunffer ings and losses . Only recetly--only within the year-had they reached this paradise, with its hazy landscape, its lovely, peaceful homes, its kindliness and'greeting yet warm in'remembrance, the edge of its cheer still new and un worn. And then Kenyon came back from leave, a burly major of foot who had' been visiting at his old home in Chicago end was reported to be wearing the wil low for a girl who had but just married a iere junior first lieutenant in the Eleventh, their predecessors along this linae It might be that Kenyon was cross and crabbed. The youngster, called him "grumbly" at first aoquatut -anca It might be that he was so hipped; and unhappy himself be could not bear: to seethe bliss andcontenteno every face about him. He.and Rolfe were .on genial spirits, said the boys, for "both of them ,got, leftt", But. Kenyon. close moonthd as he was at times, had watched things a day or two and then had given.. Parquhar a "pointer~t Re had heard I something, he said, at division head. quarters. Hence the order for "tura out: everybody, field kits and fifty rounds." The maddest man at mess at ono-thir ty wasMr. C'airoll' Brewster-"Curly B" his comrades called him in the years gone by, when he had much kink to the blond hair of his handsome head, and not a vestige thereof to the down on his lip. Now, as first lieutenant of the "Black .Troop," with a mustache all bristle and curl, and with a pate where on the curls were cropped to regulation lines, he was a very different sort of fel low. All the morning long he had sat on a garrison court, where as "swing member' he had not enough to do to keep him from brooding over his woes He had counted on spending the hours from two until stables basking in the light of those wonderful, deep, dark eyes of Miss Winifred Berrien. Some what petted and spoiled in his earlier yearsof service, Brewster had had much of the nonsense knocked out of him in the harsh experiences of seven years in the saddle with a regiment renowned for its touch-and-go sort of* work. He had steadied greatly in those years, part of the process being due to his own latent good sense, and not a little thereof to Incessant striving on. the range to win high honors as a sharpshooter, and to day there was not a finer looking soldier wearing the broad yellow stripes in the Twelfth than this same ex-dandy "Cur lyjw~ster." 