THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. MATCH AGAINST MARYLFBONE. AUSTRALIANS FOUR FOR 150. SPLENDID BATTING BY LYONS. Lundon, June 12, 2.35 p.m.. The Australian Eleven began a return match at Lords to-day against the Mary lebone Club and ground, the English team consisting of :— \V. G. Grace (Gloucester). J. T. Hearne (Middlesex). \V. Flowers (Notts). C. J. Kortright (Essex). William Scorer (Derbyshire). Alex. Hearne (Kent). F. Shackloek (Notts). A. E. Stoddarb (Middlesex). W. Gunn (Notts). George Bean (Sussex). T. C. O'Brien (Middlesex). The players for Marylebone in the match ivhich was begun on May 17 in cluded Attewell, Hepean, Marcliant, Sherwin, and Wilson, for whom O'Brien Bean, Alex. Hearne, and Storer have been substituted on the present occasion. On the side of the Australians Black ham, Coningliam, and Walter Giffen are still resting, the eleven taking the field being— A. C. Bannerman G- Giffen W. Bruea J. J. Lyons H. Graham S. E. Gregory B. MoLeod C. T. B. Turner C. H. S. Trotb A. H. Jarvis H. Trumble In the last match the men who stood out were Walter Giffen, Turner, and Jarvis. Bannerman won the toss and elected to hat upon a good wicket, the pioneers as usual being Lyons and Bannerman. The South Australians at once began to score rapidly, while the captain played the cautious game for which he is so famous. Just after 30 had been posted, however, Bannerman tipped a ball which was smartly taken behind the wickets, and he retired with 11 to his credit. Giffen came next but did not stay long, as in trying to steal an impossible run he was promptly dismissed before he had scored, the score standing at. 31 runs for two wickets. Trott and Lyons did their best to re trieve the disaster, and both batsmen put on runs very rapidly. Lyons in particular showed dashing cricket, while at the same time his hits were very safe. Kortright was very fast in the field, while O' Brien on two different occasions made brilliant attempts to get at some of the hard strokes by which Lyons sent the ball flying to the boundary. At last, however, when the giant had compiled 83 runs, O'Brien had his reward, and a great innings came to an end. Throughout his stay at the wickets Lyons manifested no change in the con fident manner in which he faced the bowling, and until the hit that proved fatal he made no mistakes, while he did not give the ghost of a chance. His total included 15 fourers. Trott also batted well, and at the lunch adjournment he was still not out with 44 to his credit, the record being 150 runs for four wickets. The details so far as known are :— Australia. First tunings. A. O. Bannerman. caught 11 George GiSen, run out 0 J. J. Lyons, c. O'Brien ;;; ... S3 G. H. S. Trotb, nob oub ... 44 Four wickets for 150 