\ The Doctor's Ghost Story. The story begins with a great wrong done by one man unto another man. What the wrong was I do not know. I am inclined to think, however, it was connected with a woman. I think that because he who had been wronged hated him who had wronged him with a hate such as does not often burn in a man's brain unless it be fanned by the memory of a woman's breath. Still that is only conjecture, and the point is immaterial. The man who had done the wrong fled, and the other man followed him. It became a point-to- point race, the first man having the advan- tage of a day's start. The course was the whole world, and the stakes were the first man's life. Travellers were few and far between in those days, and this made the trail easy to follow. The first man, never knowing how far or how near the other was behind him, and hoping now and again that he might have baffled him, would rest for a while. The second man, knowing just how far the first one was before him, never paused, and thus each day the man who was spurred by Hate drew nearer to the man who was spurred by Fear. One day the man who was ridden by Fear looked up and saw before him the open door of a cathe- dral, and passing in knelt down and prayed. He prayed long and fervently. Bub the second man's prayer, being a thanks- giving merely, waa short, so that when the first man raised his eyes he saw the face of his enemy gazing at him across the chair tops with a nocking smile upon it. He made no attempt to rise, but remained kneel- ing, fascinated by the look of joy that shone out of the other man's eyes. And the other man moved the high- backed chairs one by one and came toward him softly. Then, just as the man who had been wronged stood beside the man who had wronged him, full of gladness that his opportunity had come, ther,e burst from the cathedral tower a sudden clash of bells, and the man whose opportunity had come broke his heartland fell back dead, with that moofe ingremile of his still playing round his mouth. Then the man who had done the wrong rete up and passed out. Years passed away and the survivor in the tragedy became a worthy and useful citizen, and a noted man of science. In his laboratory were many objects necessary to him in his researches, and prominent among them stood in a certain corner a human skeleton. It was a very old and much-mended skeleton, and one day the long-expected end arrived, and it tumbled to pieces. Thus it became necessary to purchase another. The man of science visited a dealer he well knew-a, little parchment faced old man who kept a dingy shop, where nothing was ever sold, within the shadow of the towers of Notre Dame. The little parchment faced old man had just the very thing that monsieur wanted-a singularly fine and well proportioned " study." It should be sent round and set up in monsieur's laboratory that very afternoon. The dealer was aa good as his word. When monsieur entered his laboratory that evening the thing was in its place. Monsieur opened a large volume and commenced to read. He read of a man who had wronged another and fled from him, the other man following Finding himself reading this, he closed the book angrily, and went and stood by the window and looked out. Ho saw before him the sun-pierced nave of a great cathedral, and on the stones lay a dead man with a mocking smile upon his face. Cursing himself for a fool, he turned away with a laugh. But his laugh was short-lived, for it seemed to him that something else in the room was laugh- ing also. Struck suddenly still, with his feet glued to the ground, he stood listening for awhile ; then sought with starting eyes the corner from where the sound had seemed to come. But the white thing standing there was only grinning. For a couple of days he did not enter the room again. On the third, telling himself that his fears were those of a hysterical girl, he opened the door and went in. To shame himself he took his lamp in his hand, and, crossing over to the far corner where the skeleton stood, examined it. A set of bones bought for 100 francs. Waa he a child, to be scared by such a bogey ? He held his lamp in front of the thing's grin- ning head. The flame of the lamp fliekered as though a faint breath had passed over it. The man explained this to himself by saying that the walls of the house were old and cracked, and that the wind might creep in anywhere. He re- peated this explanation to himself aB he recrossed the room,, walking backward, with his eyes fixed on the thing. When he reached his desk he Bat down and gripped the arms of his chair till his fingers 1 turned white. He tried to work, but the empty sockets in that grinning head seemed to be drawing him toward them. For a while he forced himself to look at the book in front of bim, but at last, unable to control himself any longer, he suffered Mb eyeB to follow their own bent. It may have been a hallucination. He may have accidentally placed the ssreen so as to favor snell an illusion. But what he saw was a bony hand coming round the corner of the screen and with a cry he fell to the floor in a swoon. The people of the house came running in, and, lifting him up, carried him out and laid him upon hiB bed. As soon as he recovered he listened to their talk about overwork and the necessity for change and rest, and said they might do with him as they would. So for many months the laboratory door remained locked. Then there came a chill autumn evening, when the man of science opened it again and closed it behind him. He lighted his lamp and gathered his instru- ments and books around him and sat down before them in his high-backed chair. And the old terror returned to him. But this time he meant to conquer himself. His nerves were stronger now and his brain clearer ; he would fight his unreasoning fear. He crossed to the door and locked himself in and flung the key to the other end of the room, where it fell among jars and bottles with an echoing clatter. Later his old housekeeper, going her final round, tapped at his door and wished him good night, as waB her cuBtom. She received no response at first and, growing nervous, tapped louder and called again, and at length au answering " good night" came back to her. Next morning the door still remained locked. It was no unubual thing for him to work all night, and far into the next day, so no one thought to be surprised. When, however, evening came, and yet he did not appear, his servants gathered outside the room and whispered, remembering what had happened once before. ? Becoming alarmed, they decided to burst open the door, and, after many blows, it gave way and flew back, and they crowded in. He sat bolt upright in his high-backed chair. They thought at firat he had died in his sleep, but when they drew nearer and the light fell upon him they saw the livid marks of bony fingers round his throat.and in his eyes there was a terror such as is not often seen in human eyes. 