THE CRICKET MATCHES FOR THE COMING SEASON. Further alterations have been necessitated in the programme of electoral, local, and club matches to be played under the auspices of the New South Wales Cricket s Association during the coming season The sub-committee appointed to (Trust searchers met yesterday afternoon at the Oxford Hotel, and decided to recommend the following to a meeting of the association to be held on Monday. Electoral Matctipb October 7,14, 21 Paddington v. C tntcrhury, Asno station Ground, Glebe v. University, Wentworth Park, East Sydney v. Manly-, ""North Domain, CeutrslCumberlHud v. Redfern, Parramatta. October 28, November 4, 11 Canterbury v. Manly, Frankfort Park, Glebe v. Paddington. Wentworth Park, Redfern v University, I adhere , Central Cumberland i. List Sydney, Parramatta. November 18, 25, December I East Sydney v. University, Association Ground . Redfern v. Paddington, Oval, Manly v. Glebe, Manly, Central Cumberland v Canterbury, Parramatta. January 15, 90, February of East Sydney v, Canterbury, Domain Redfern v. Glebe, Wi absorb Park, Paddington v. Manly, Oval, Central Cumber- land 1. University, I parramatta. february 19,17, -1 Redfern v. Manly, Association Ground, University v. Canterbury, Oval ; Globe v E at Sydney, Wentworth Park, Central Cumberland v. Paddington, Parramatta. March 3, 16 17 Paddington v. University, Association Ground Glebe v Canterbury, Oval, lie If he v East Sydney, Redfern, Manly v. Central Cumberland, Manly, March 24, 31, April 7 Glebe v. Central Cumberland, Assoc action Ground Ea- tSvduevv Paddington, Domain Manly v University, Manly, Red- fern v. Canterbury, Redfern. Club and Local. Matches. October 7, 14, 21 I Z again v. Carlton, Rushcutter Bay Leichhardt v. Warwick, Leichhardt, Belvidere v. Surrey United, south Domain October 28 November 4 and 8 I Zingari v. Surrey United, Association Ground October 28, N vember 4 and 11 Carlton v. Warwick South Domain, Belvidere v. Leichhardt, Iioith Domain November 18, 25, December 2 I Zingari v. Belvidere south Domain Surrey United v. Warwick, North Domain, Leichhardt v. Carlton, at Li Schardt. January 13 2r February 3 Carlton v. Belvidere, Assoc anon Gi fund , I Zingari v Warwick, at Rushcutter Bay, Leichhardt v. Surrey United, at Leichhardt February 10, 17, 21 I Zingari v. Leichhardt, Rushcutter Bay. Warwick v Belvidere, south Do nan Carlton v. Surrey United, at Surrey United b ground A set of rules was a so agreed to for governing the ab five contests. Rule 4 states The electoral compete at shall be confined to the following clubs -Canterbury, Central! Cumberland, Glebe, Manly, Piddington, Redfern, East Sydney, and University Rule 1 slates The social and club competition a Bill will be contested by members of the following teams - Leichhardt, Belvidere, Carlton, Surrey United, Warwick, and I Zing in Rule 6 states In the electoral competition no pi ever shall be permitted to represent a club unless he 13 a bourgeois resident of the crew of rats or part of an elect irate where the club is formed with the of sHow mg exception If any player or players, resident of the electorates of South Sydney, West Sydney. Balmain, Newtown, or St Leonards, are desirous of playing in the electoral competition, no objection will be taken to their doing so, providing such player or players are chosen to represent the club stab' shed in closest proximity to the electorate or part of the electorate of v much they are bon i fr to residents. No person, however, will be permitted to play with more than, one club in this convention Rule 15 states in the event of a match not being concluded the club obtaining the h ghost score (should one innings each be completed) shall be credited with a win, but if an innings each is not finished the contest shall be drawn The premieres v> shall be decided by points, v _ , deducting losses from wins (draws gains being omitted i 1 he clubs in the respective competitions attaining the greatest in labor of points shall be the premises thereon for the season. 