YOUNG FOLKS. BLACK BEAUTY BY A. SEWEL.L. PART I. CHAPTER XIX.—ONLY IGNORANCE. I do not know how long I was ill. Mr. Bond, the horse doctor, came every day. One day he bled me; John held a pail for the blood; I felt very faint after it, and thought I should die, and I believe they all thought so too. Ginger and Merrylegs had been moved into the other stable, so that I might be quiet, for the fever made me very quick of hearing; any little noise seemed quite loud, and I could tell everyone's footsteps going to and from the house. I knew all that was going on. One night John had to give me a draught; Thomas Green came in to help him. After I had taken it and John had made me as comfortable as he could, he said he should stay half-an- hour to see how the medicine settled. Thomas said he would stay with him, so they went and sat down on a bench that had been brought into Merrylegs's stall, and put down the lantern at their feet that I might not be disturbed with the light. For awhile both men sat silent, and then Tom Green said in a low voice, " I wish, John, you'd say a bit of a kind word to Joe. The boy is quite broken hearted—he can't eat his meals and he can't smile.' He says he knows it was all his fault, though he is sure he did the best he knew, and he. says if Beauty dies no one will ever speak to him again; it goes to my heart to hear him; I think you might give him just a word—he is not a bad boy." After a short pause, John said slowly, " You must not be hard upon me, Tom. I know he meant no harm, I never said he did; I know he is not a bad boy, but you see I am sore myself; that horse is the pride of my heart, to say nothing of his being such a favourite with the master and mistress; and to think that his life may be flung away in this manner, is more than I can bear; but if you think I am hard on the boy, I will try to give him a good word to-morrow-that is, I mean if Beauty is better." " Well, John! thank you, I knew you did not wish to be too hard, and I am glad you see it was only ignorance." " John's voice almost startled me as he answered "Only ignorance ! only ignorance! how can you talk about only ignorance ? don't you know that it is the worst thing in the world, next to wickedness--and what does the most mischief heaven only knows. If people can say, Oh ! I did not know, I did not mean any harm, they think it is all right. I suppose Martha Mulwash did not mean to kill that baby, when she dosed it with Dalby and soothing syrups; but she did kill it, and was tried for man- slaughter." "And serve her right too," said Tom. " A woman should not undertake to nurse a tender little child without knowing what is good and what is bad for it." "Bill Starkey," continued John, "did not mean to frighten his brother into fits when he dressed up like a ghost and ran after him in the moonlight; but he did; and that bright handsome little fellow, that might have been the pride of any mother's heart, is just no better than an idiot, and never will be if he lives to be eighty years old. "You were a good deal cut up yourself, Tom, two weeks ago, when those young ladies left your hothouse door open, with a frosty east wind blowing right in; you said it killed a good many of your plants." "A good many!" said Tom. "There was not one of the tender cuttings that was not nipped off; I shall have to strike all over again, and the worst of it is that I don't know where to go to get fresh ones. I was nearly mad when I came in and saw what was done." " And yet," said John, "I am sure the young ladies did not mean it—it was only ignorance !" I heard no more of this conversation, for the medicine did well and sent me to sleep, and m the morning I felt much bet- ter: but I often thought of John's words when I came to know more of the world. CHAPTER XX.-JOE GaBEN. Joe Green went on very well, he learned quickly, and was so attentive and careful, that John began to trust him in many things; but as I have said, he was small of his age, and it was seldom that he was allowed to exercise either Ginger or me; but it so happened one morning that John was out with "Justice" in the luggage cart, and the master wanted a note to be taken immediately to a gentleman's house, about three miles distant, and sent his orders for Joe to saddle me and take it; adding the caution that he was to ride steadily. The note was delivered, and we were quietly returning till we came to the brick. field; here we saw a cart heavily laden with bricks; the wheels had stuck fast in the stiff mud of some deep ruts; and the carter was shouting and flogging the two horses unmercifully. Joe pulled up. It was a sad eight. There were the two horses straining and struggling with all their might to drag the cart out, but they could not move it;. the sweat streamed from their legs: and flanks, their sides heaved, and every muscle was strained, whilst the man, fiercely pulling at the head of, the forehorse, swore and lashed most brutally. " Hold hard," said Joe,. "don't go on flogging the horses like that ; the wheels are so stuck that they cannot move the cart." The man took no heed, but went on lashing. " Stop pray, stop,"'said Joe. "I'll help you to lighten the cart—they can't move it now." " Mind your own business, you impudent young rascal, and I'll mind mine." The man was in a towering passion and the worse for drink, and laid on the whip again. Joe turned my head, and the next moment we were going at a round gallop towards the house of the master brickmaker. I cannot say if John would have approved of our pace, but Joe and I were both of one mind, and so angry that we could not have gone slower. The house stood close by the roadside. Joe knocked at the door and shouted, " Hulloa ! is Mr Clay at home ?" The door was opened, and Mr Clay himself came out. ':Hulloa, young man!: you seem in a hurry; any orders from the Squire this morning ?" " No, Mr Clay,. but there's a fellow in your brickyard flogging two horses to death. I told him to stop and he wouldn't; I said I'd help him to lighten the cart,.and he wouldn't;. so I've come to tell you; pray, sir, go." Joe's voice shook with ex- citement. "Thank ye my lad,!' said the man,. run- ning in for his hat; then pausing for a moment-" Will you give evidence of what you saw if I should bring the fellow up before a magistrate ?" "That I will," said Joe, "and glad too." The man was gone; and we were on. our way. home at a smart trot. " Why, what's the 'matter with you, Joe you look angry all over," said John, as the boy flung himself from the saddle. ' I am angry all over, I can tell you," said the boy, and then in hurried excited words he told all that had happened. Joe was usually such a quiet gentle little fellow, that it was.wonderful to see him so roused. " Right, Joe! you did right, my boy, whether the fellow gets a summons or not. Many folks would have ridden by and said 'twas not their business to interfere.. Now I say, that with cruelty and oppression, it is everybody's business to interfere when they see it; you did right, my boy." Joe was quite calm by this time, and proud that John approved of him. and he cleaned out my feet, and rubbed me down with a firmer hand than usual. They were just goina home to dinner when the footman came down to the stable to say, that Joe was wanted directly in master's private room; there was a man brought up for ill-using horses, and Joe's evidence was wanted. The boy flushed up to his forehead, and his eyes sparkled! "They shall have it," said he. " Put yourself a bit straight," said John. Joe gave a pull at his necktie and a twitch at his jacket, and was off in a moment. Our master being, one of the country magistrates, cases were often brought to him to settle or say what should be done. In the stable we heard no more for some time, as it was the men's dinner hour, but when Joe came next into the stable I' saw he was in high spirits; he gave me a good-natured slap and said, " We won't see such things done, will we, old fellow ?" We heard afterwards, that he had given his evidence so clearly, and the horses were in such an exhausted state, bearing marks of such brutal usuage, that the carter was com- mitted to take his trial, and might possibly be sentenced to two or three months in prison. It was wonderful what a change had come over Joe. John laughed and said, he had grown an inch taller in that week, and I believe he had. He was just as kind and gentle as before, but there was more pur- pose and determination in all that he. did —as if he had jumped at once from a boy into a man. CHAPTER XXI.-THE PARTING. I had now lived in this happy .place three years, but sad changes were about to come over us. We heard from time to time that our mistress was ill. 'The doctor was often at the house, and 'the 'master looked grave and anxious. Then .we heard that she must leave her home at once and go to a warm country for two or three years. The news fell upon the household like the tolling of a death bell, everybody was sorry ; but the master began directly to make arrangements for .breaking up his establishment and leaving England. We used to hear it talked about in our stable indeed, nothing else was talked about. John went about his work silent and sad, and Joe scarcely whistled. There was a great deal of coming and going ; Ginger and I had full work. The first of the party who went were Miss Jessie and Florie,with their governess. They came to bid us good-bye. They hugged poor Merrylegs like an old friend, and' so indeed he was. Then we . heard whalt had been "arranged" for us. Master had sold Ginger and me to his old friend the Earl of W--, for he thought we should have a good place there. Merrylegs he' had given to the Vicar, who was wanting a pony for Mrs Bloomfield, but it was on the condition, that he should never be sold, and when he was past work' that he should be shot and buried. Joe was engaged to take care of him, and to help in the house, so I thought that Merrylegs was well off. John had the offer of several good places, but he said he would wait a little and look round. The evening before they left, the master came into the stable to give some directions and to give his horses the last pat. He seemed very low- spirited; I knew that by his voice. I believe we horses can tell more by the voice than many men can. "Have you decided what to do, John ?" he said. "I find you have not accepted either of those offers." "No, sir, I have made up my mind that if I could get a situation with some first rate colt-breaker and horse-trainer, that it would be the right thing for me. Many young animals are frightened and spoiled by wrong treatment, which need not be, if the right man took them in hand. I always get on well with horses, and if I could help some of them to a fair start, I should feel as if I was doing some good. What do you think of it, sir ? " "I don't know a man anywhere," said master,." that I should think so suitable for it as yourself. You understand horses, and somehow they understand you, and in time you might set up for yourself; I think you could not do better. If in any way I can help you, write to me; I shall speak to my agent in London, and leave your character with him." Master gave John the name and address, and then he thanked him for his long and faithful service ; but that was too much for John. ": :"Pray don't, sir, I' can't bear it; you and my dear mistress have done so much for me that I could never repay it; but we shall never forget you, sir, and please God we may, some day see mistress back again like herself; we must keep up hope, sir." Master gave John his hand, but he did not speak, and they both left the stable. The last sad day had come; the footman and the heavy luggage had gone off the day before, and there was only master and mistress and her maid. Ginger and I brought the carriage up to the Hall door for the last time. The servants brought' out cushions and rugs and many other things, and when all were arranged, master came down the steps carrying the mistress in his arms (I was on the side next the house and could see all that went on); he placed her carefully in the carriage, while the house servants stood round crying. "Good bye again," he said, " we shall not forget any of you," and he got in-" Drive on, John." Joe jumped up, we trotted slowly through the Park, and through the village, where the.people were standing at their doord to have a last look and to say, God bless them." When we reached the railway station, I think mistress walked from the carriage to the waiting room. I heard her say in her own sweet voice, "Good bye, John, God' bless you." I felt the rein twich, but John made no answer, perhaps he could not speak. As soon as Joe had, taken the things out of the carriage, John called him to stand by the horses, while he went on the platform. Poor Joe! he stood close to our heads to hide his tears. Very soon the train came puffing up into the station; then two or three minutes, and the doors were slammed to the guard whistled and the train glided away, leaving behind it only clouds of white smoke, and some very heavy hearts. When it was quite out of sight, John came back-" We shall never see her again," he said, never." He took the reins, mounted the box, and with Joe drove slowly home; but it was not our home now. (To be continued.) 