Local and Other News, "A Talk about our Fruit Supply," is the title of a lecture to be delivered by the Rev. It. Keith Mackay, under the auspices of the local Fruitgrowers' As sociation, in the Kyabram Mechanics' Hall, on.il Thursday evening next, when there should be a large audience, repre senting all sections of the community. Ladies are specially invited to attend, and no doubt a large number will avail themselves of the opportunity to hear the eloquent secretary of the Beudigo District Development Association dis course on his pet subject. The initial meeting of the Deakin Shire Council will be held at Tongala at 10 a.mn. on Wednesday. Councillor Sly should be the first president. Great clearing sale of Winter millin cry and general drapery at Henderson's establishment, Kyabram, now on. Call there and you will get astonishing bar gains. Look out for new advt. in next issue. The Rev R. Keith Mackay will con duet services at thi Weslcyan Church, Lancaster, on Sunlnay monting, at Merrigum in the afternoon, and at Kyabram in the evening. On Welnes day he will open a Juvenile Rechabite Tent at Kyabram. At the Tatura Agricultural Society's meeting last Saturday, Mr Bishop com mented on the fact that solme members declined to sign the guarantee to the bank. He thought such were unworthy to be nmembers of the society, and should be asked to resign. Mr Wilson thought the names of all who refused to share the responsibility should be read out to the meeting. Mr Bishop's re marks were applauded. The bachelors of Moorop'na have issued a large number of invitations for b their ball, to be hehld at the Mooroopna Public Hall on Tuesday next, 20th instant. Messrs J. P. Morrissey and T. M'lsaac are the secretaries, and the preparations now being made for a first-class night's pleasure are very ex tensive. A meetingof the ladies of the Chsrch of England, 'ratura, was held in the vestry room of the aleive Church, yesterday evening, to put in form thie proposed Bazanr, which is to lie heldl during the Spring Show week. An influential commnittee of ladies was elected, viz :--Meedames Anstey, J. Alexander, Bartlett, Colliver, Dowden, Dowell, Fluzza rd, Lockwood, Leighton, A. Maskell, G. Maskell, Matthews, Reilly, G. Robbins, and Misses It. Alexander, Battersby, A. Colliver, Hatty, House, Teese, S. Williams, and Mr O. F. Vaughan, as treasurer, and Mr Bate, as secretary. it was decided to proceed at once with canvassing the district for subscriptions. Mr Bate spoke of sothe very encouragiing pro mises of help. The Secretary was authorised to procure and send out collecting books at once. The first committee meeting to be held on Thur-s day next, 22nd inst. The maeeting closed with the Benediction. On a single day in February the Scilly Islands sent to England markets ten and a half tons of flowers. This striking fact shows the amazing progress of an industry which was unknown a dozen years ago in the little archipelago. The inhabited islands contain only between three and four thousand acres al together. It is evidently not the intention of some commissionors of the Rodney trust to allow the motion carried at the last meeting of lhe trust, fixing the price of irrigation water at ld per inch per acre, to go unchallenged. Another attempt will, we learn, he made to in crease the price. Seeinig that Coin. Gray (who left the room before the division was taken) favors the increase, it is safe to assume that the increased price will be carried. Sorneof the large farmers of the district, who now see that the revenue has to be made up by a rate which will come out of their pockets, have aroused themselves from their lethnrgyand indifference, anid have moved some of the Comnmiesioners to fight the battle over again at the next meeting of the trust. " A telegram from Kyabram in yes terday's Argus says .- The recent scare amongst the fruit-growing corn munity over the extra charge proposed to be made by the Rodney Irrigation Trust has all ended in nothing, and the usual charge of Gd. per inch is to be adhered to, so that any persons who may be looking forward for blocks of land in this district need not be alarmed about the price of water. The Beacon, a new democratic monthly journal, is indeed a cheap pennyworth. Interesting articles are to be found in its pages on-The Farmers and the Single Tax, Sidelights on Banking, A State Bank of Issue, 1 English Labor Notes, Uurrent Ac. counts, Fiscal Fanices, Religion-its Future, and Dyspeptics. Thi annual subscription is but Is Gd, the paper being published at 349 Collins-street, Melbourne. Mr A. M. Simpson, Yantorn, Mioo roopna, advertises that hie hais 30,000 one-year-old rooting vines for sale. -Some few weeks ago an article ap peared in these columns, referring to Mr r Adams, the teacher at tile Toolanmbn a West state scbooi. Mr Adams tells us that hlie feels hurt anti injured through t the article appearing. It was not in tended by the writer or ourselves to do ' Mr Adamid injury, and .we regret that the article has caused him the pain and i insult he says it has. It will be read with pleasure that the Raiway dlepartmenet have agreed to the Rodney shire council taking control of p .tlwo streets leading to the Taturn statlion p Retrenchment is the order of the dlay, and travellers by road greatly relish a retrenchment in the distance and time upon their long journeys, especially during the winter months, and heavy roads. But apparently the council think otherwise, becanuse, by a cIlpahle negligence of the road between Mr Wilson's paddoc;'rand the Church of England parsonage they compel pas sengers to take the longer way from Baldwineville and Taturn, necessitating the passing ofn two gates, which, at night, means a great loss of time, no matter what alacrity the tired, gate keepers may show in recovering' them selves from the cosy warmness of their bed, and the delicious haziness of dream land. Besides, the council render them selves liable for damages, as their attention has been called, both through individual councillors, and collectively, to the daigerous sltate of the road. To prevent any accident occurring, we are informed by the pilot of the swamp that the best and only course is to keep the north side of the culvert. That is, do not go tver the culvert, as it is very dangerous, the -approach on the west side Leing washed away. Searcely a day passes but - what someone gets bogged in about two feet of water, and sometimes they have to lighten their loads to enable the horses to pull the vehicle out. The traffic returns in connection with the Kyahram railway station for April ald Diay are as follows: April-Number of passengers, 423; tonnage, inwards, 396 tons: outwards, 192 tons; live stock, 53 pigs, 216 sheep; total revenue front all sources, £395 lIs Id. May Numllcer of passengers, 397; tonnage inwards, 143 tons; outwards, 109 tons; live stock forwtrded, 41 pigs, 229 sheep; total revenue from all soarces. £252 6s 5d. Mrs Whitbourne, the secretary of the Kyabram branch of the \V.C.T.Il., re ports as follows:--The usual business meeting of our branch of tilhe Union was hell in the Wesleyan Church on Tuies tiny, when a good number of Iadies were present. The usual business dispensed with, reports were received from the superintendents of the different branches of work, whlich reports were very en couraging. We decided to Ihol a Cot tage or Mothers' meeting alternately with our business meetings, no that we can devote more tinme to the work, the next meeting to lie hel at .11r Samuel Lancaster's on Tuesday, June 20th, at 3 o'clock. The meeting then closed by singing the temperance doxology " Praise God from whom all blesinga flows, Praise Itim who heals the drunkark's woe, Prsats llim who leads the 'L'emperance host. Praise Father, Son and 11oly Ghost." The teamnin to represent Kyabram in the football match against Tatura on Well nesday next will be chosen froml the following-Richards (captain), Carpen ter, McCarthy, Itoss, M[cLennan, C. Dunn, D.iidge, Sleeth, McGuire, Em inerson, Doolan, Jack Bradley, C. Uuwin, W. asid P. Meehan, McKenzio, Hayes, Tyndall, Neale,- Kennedy, Un win, Jer. Bradley and Aitken. It will be remembered that an order was nmade by the supreme court a few days ago in connection with a scheme of reconstruc tion of the Bank of Victoria, to the etfect that 21,000 additional preference shares be issued. Accordingly applications.were in -vited by the directors, and the whole of the shares were applied for within a few days. The shares ropresonted a total value of £.210,000, but applications for shares to the extent of .£300,000 were received.The National Bank is also expected to resume business in a few days. The Bank of Vic- toria will open early next week, but the the date is not yet settled. The treasurer of the Mooroopna hospital begs to acknowledge the following donations for May:- Waranga Shire. £15; Tally garoopna state school (per Miss May), £1 13s; Pine Lodge do. (per C. Mc Cormick), 2s 6d; Mooroopna-A. P. Mackenzie. £1 1s; G. Pagan. £1; A. Hind, £1 1s; J. Martin, £1; Dr Florence, £1 is; Hugh McKenzie. .£1 1s; North Mooroopna-W. Northill .£1; W. Murrel. 2s 6d Jas. Hallum; £1; M. Guthtie. £1; Patten, £1; Shepparton --R. A. Guyder (per A- C. Mason), £1; box Police Court (per E. N. Moore), 15s 9d; W. Gibbs, £1 1s; Roman Catholic Churches of Shepparton and Mooroopna (per Jns. O'Connell), £20 4s; Murchison Athletic Club, £20; Constable Hehir, Strathmerton (per senior Constable Cahill), £1; D. Ed- wards, Rushworth, £l ; Mr Brydon Carag Carag, £5; Sale of fruit, £2 5s 6d; sundries, £3 2s; total, £82 10s 3d. Thomas Uren, aged about 30 years, a guard on the goods train from Numurkah to Melbourne who was shunting at Arcadia Tuesday night; was running in front of the engine when he slipped, his knee being jammed between the shunting points. He was unfortunately unable to extradite him- self before the engine was upon him killing him on the spot and terrible mutilating him. The deceased was very much liked, and it is reported was about to be married Mr. W. BALL, F.R.M.L., Neuron DENTIST. Artificial Teeth Naturally and Soundly fitted; Painless Extraction Tooth Pealed and Stopped with Gold, Platinum or Enamel. Will visit Kyabramn on Friday, 30th June, and may be consulted at Miss Leader's, with whom appointments can be made ticr Ball having taken up his abode at Echuca, pur poses paying regular visits to Kyabram and otlher towns in the Valloy. Jedllen'ays' Ointmsent.-T'l'he great climatic variations which soldiers and sailors ex perience render them liiblo to a variety of diseases, the development of which is favoured by exposure andi hardships--often. it is to be feared, by their own carolessnos as well. Holloway's remedies afford a safe and easy means of cure for those consti- tutional and local maladies which are so frequently engendered by residence nm un healthy climates and by incautious living. The Ojintment is a wonderrully healing application, as it cleanses the surtacn of foul sores and nlcers, soothes the throbbing and pain in cases of inflammation, and cheeks the progressof skin diseases. The Pills purify the blood, cleanse the liver, 'and remove all noxious matter from the system, Certainly the best medicine known is Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerfl elffects in coughs, colds, influenza-the rellief is instantaneous. In serious caesn, andi accidents of all kidls, he they Wvoinls, burns, easlilings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy-no swelling no inflalmmation, Like surprising effcts produced in croep, diptheria, bronchitis imnflammation of tihe lucgs, swIVelhig, cic.; diarrlmae, dhyontry, diseases of tIe kidlneys stud urinary organs. In use at hospitals nsd naedlical clinics all over tihe glolbe patronised Isy his lMajesty thie King of haly crowned erilh nedal anti diplomua at Internactional Exhibitioas, Amsterdam TIrust in this ap. proved article and rejectc all others. 