THE CONTRIBUTOR, BUDDHISM IN CEYLON. Br W. Bobx Fletcher, M.A. JNo 4, THE SACRED BO-TREE. In my last paper I introduced my readers to the ruins of the great city of Anuradhapura, and gave some account of the Brazen Palace, which is now represented by nothing save a numner ot ugly tuacarvea granite puiars. As we came out of the foieat of ootumus we saw a small party of pilgrims coming along the sacred way. They were bringing offerings of flowers for Buddha. Putting their hands to gether, palm to palm, over their heads, and bowing low towards a cluster of trees near by, they uttered their saored greeting, "Sadhu, Sadhu, Sadhu." We, too, followed them. Before ub was a stone enclosure filled with some noble trees, which in some oases seemed to be tearing the wall to pieces with their con torted roots. A flight of steps lead up to the enclosed grove. At the foot of it is a sort of semicircular stone door mat, called a "moon stone." There are many of these scattered about the city, but this is an especially fine one. It is formed of carved streams of mystioal creatures going round from right to left. The outerlborder shows a procession of elephantB, lions, horses, and bulls; inmde them is a string of lotus flowers; and inside them again a solemn row of sacred geese; while in the innermost circle of all is again a lotus flower. Every thing on this stone mat haB its hidden mean ings to the initiated, but with these 1 will not trouble my readers. On each side of the stairs is a hideous figure, representing the guardians of the shrine; but we resist any inclination to be afraid of the carven monsters, and ascend the steps. Entering the grove we note a large stone image of the Sitting Buddha on our right hand, and a number of other images, but all with a tattered look about them and bearing many wounds. The trees of the grove are magnificent speci mens of the sacred fig ("Ficus religiosa") with a number of palms mingled with them. One of these fig-trees measures 10 ft, in diameter at G ft. from the ground, and this trunk has grown completely round a palmyra-tree with out injuring it, producing a most curious effect. The grove contains a second and higher plat form of masonry, up to which we ascended by another stairway, and on that is a third sur rounded by an iron railing. „ In the centre of thiB highest tier is the sacred tree itself, much smaller and less imposing than its gigantio daughters. Its branches extend far over the railing and seem tottering with age and worn out by incessant homage. Its leaves, as is their wont, were incessantly quivering, but no one ever dares to pluck one. This ceaseless movement, say the faithful, is due to its sympathy with the Great Buddha, who under the parent tree at Gaya, in India, fought out his bitter struggle and gained the viotory over the world, the flesh, and all the devils that assailed him. I wanted much to pluck a leaf, but the yellow-robed guardians would not' hear of such a sacrilege, and for a time I had to content royeelf with picking up, like other Eilgrims, one or two that had fallen. I confess, owever, that I was not restrained, in a short moment when the guardians were busy with the pilgrims, committing the awful crime of stealing two leaves and slipping them into my pocket. I noticed how one part of the railing was quite broken away, and found out the reason from a photograph that I hud in my guidebook. A long branch had for many years shown signs of weakness, and, like an old man, it had been tenderly supported by a prop, but a strong monsoon gale had torn it from the parent trunk, and in its fall it had broken the railing. As we stood there watch ing we saw three pilgrims with reverend care putting lotus flowers on each Bpearhead of the rail, and when that was done they took a " chatty" and poured out a libation of milk over one of the branohes. We noticed that various parts of the principal arm of the tree were gilded with tattered gold leaf, and a few faded garlands adorned its aged nakedness. It was a Btrange Bight to witness this modern remnant of the worship of a sacred grove or "Asherah,"to which there is such frequent reference in the Scriptures, and it was interesting indeed to picture the thousands of pilgrims who have kept on doing i homage to this tree for the past twenty one centuries. Around in the enolosure were cartloads of broken lamps, brought hither for midnight worship by the faithful, and nume rous fragments of broken begging-bowls left by the monks. The whole place looks venerable, battered, and weird, but the religious feeling : that deems it saored is by no means dead. As a strange contrast to the solemn impression of the scene and the calm earnestness of the monks, we saw a troop of monkeys making merry among the other trees of the enolosure, ana looking with greedy envious eyes upon two ohatties full of boiled rice which two women oame to offer to the sacred tree. DoubtlesB they were not so awed with the sanctity of j the place as to restrain themselves from gather- ] ing up the fragments, on the first ohance, that nothing might be left. My friend and I walked all round all the I enclosures. In a Buddhist sanctuary there is | no restriction, and no grudging of the intru sion of strangers. The monkeys and the pea cocks watched us oaretully and with more suspicion than the yellow-robed devotees, and could not understand our movements as we measured the various trees and took note of the many ruined oolumnB that lay about. All these trees are more or less saored, but no im pediment was plaoed in our way if we wanted to pluck any of the leaves, though the worshippers themselves would not do such a thing. My friend told me that all the trees of this species everywhere are deemed some what sacred. A Bo-tree was planted about twenty years ago in the Wesleyan Mission Compound at Galle. This occasioned muoh remark among the islanders, who could not understand it, and whose comment was— "Even the missionaries must have a Bo-tree in.their garden." It grew apaoe, and one intrusive bough overhung, a tennis oourt in such a way as to make the missionaries wishful to get rid of it. No Cingalese man would, however, undertake the work of outting it off,. Usually the mildest of ser vants, they. were obstinate in their refusal, A Tamil man from India had to be got to do the work. The wounded bough naturally oozed muoh sap. " See how Buddha bleedB,".Baid the onlookers. THE STORT or THE SAORED TREK. " What is the true story of tbis tree ?" This I was the question Iasked of my friend as wesat down under the shade of that curious grove. Thonn <a win Jnnliti " aaifl tia ft.Tin.1l fthta lililft There is no doubt," said he, " that this tree was brought as a sapling from the tree that □roe grew at Buddha Gaya, near Patna, in India. The reoords are most clear and con sistent. No tree in the world has such a long and such a genuine hiBtory. It was brought from India by the Princess Sanghamitta, the sister of the royal missionary Mahindo, in the year 246 B.C., and Beems to have taken kindly to the land of its banishment. The parent tree in Indie has disappeared of late years, and so this tree remains without a rival as the most famous and the most venerated in all the world. There is another very old Uo-treeatKar.dy which was a branch of this I one, and is beldin almOBt as muoh respect as this; but as it is only the granddaughter and this is the daughter of Buddha's Bo-tree, its reputation does but enhance that of this tree. X have eincethen eearohed into the history of this tree in theobscurepages of tbeMahawanso, and from that record I will set' down, partly in my own words, and partly in the words of the historian, this wonderful story. ' I do not either ask or expeot my readers to believe all that I tell them out of Chapter xviii. of that ancient chronicle, although it is entitled with due emphasis "The obtain ing of the great Bodhi branch, composed equally for the delight and the afflietion of righteous men." . HOW A DIFFICULT QUESTION WAS SOLVED. It was in the time of the famous King Tissa that all this came about. He reigned- during the time that the royal missionary Mahindo wsb at work preaching and teaching and con verting the land to the religion of Buddha. He had a eiBter, a very holy lady, who resided at Gava in India, and he persuaded the king to send an ambassador to the Raiah of that country, asking that the lady should oome to help on the good work, ana that Bhe should bring with her, as a blessed favour, a branch of the original Bo-tree. I omit the story of how thispuzzlmg and flattering message was received and debated, and how the lady expressed her willingness to become a missionary if the re quest was granted. The great difficulty was bow to get such a branch. Who would dare to cut it off? Who would venture to make Buddha bleed in his own land ? " It is not meet,"said the Rajah", "to lop it with any weapon; how then can I obtain a branch thereof?" A great assembly of priests said it ought to be done, and as "ought" .is the measure of " can be" preparations were made for the ceremony. All the highways to the temple were swept and decorated with banners. The king himBelf turned goldsmith, and out of a mass of the precious metal proceeded with his own hand to fashion a suitable golden flower-pot as big as a washtub, for it measured 4 ft. in diameter. This mighty and pon derous vessel was brought ready; a vast concourse of soldiers, citizens, and priests, and even kings, assembled; the tree "was decked with rows of streaming banners, was glitter ing with gems, and laden with offerings of flowers of every hue, and surrounded by the sound of every description of music." Every thing was ready except the axe and the saw, which seemed to have been thought quite unnecessary, as indeed was the case, for "as they stood gazing thereon with uplifted clasped hands, lo the small twigs that were on the right-hand bough suddenly disappeared, leaving the stem bare." Here was a miracle indeed. The King was so overjoyed that he cried out " I make an offering of my entire empire to the great Bo-tree." I suppose he, like many others, did not intend his words to be taken seriously, for I do not read that he resigned his throne. However, the golden flower-pot was brought right under the bough. He then took, not a knife, or a pruning-hook, or anything so sensible and practical, but a golden paintbrush, which he dipped in vermi lion and marked a crimson streak round the bough, and exolaimed, "If this supreme right Bo branoh from this Bo-tree is destined to depart hence to the land of Lanka let it, self severed, instantly transplant itself into the golden vaBe." What else could the branch do bub obey? It immediately performed for itself a fission and lay upon the rim of the flower-pot, which was filled with soented earth. It did not at once plant itself, but the King was quite equal to the emergency, for again taking his golden paintbrush and his pot of vermilion he traced nine Btreaks around the severed stem three inches apart. From one of these streaks sprouted three tap roots, and from each of the others ten smaller roots, all of which descended into the scented soil of the vase. Here was a wonder indeed! Who could be a soeptic after that ? Who would not second the missionary zeal of the Princess after that? No wonder we read that the King " Btood on his golden chair and set up a shout, which was echoed by the surrounding spectators;" no wonder that the priests rent the air with their cheers and that all the heavens heard the cry, "Sadhu! Sadhu!" and that the yakkahs of the infernal regions grievously yelled. THE VOYAGE AND ABBIVAL OF THE THEE. Many and fantastic were the adventures of the Bo-tree in its migration. It was carried up into the blue sky for a trip. It was then placed upon a grand chariot and brought to the oapitah It was embarked on a gorgeous barge, on whioh were also placed sixteen vases of gold and silver with which to water it, and thus was floated down the Ganges. In imme diate and happy attendance upon it were the missionary Princess and her eleven priestesses. ' When the ocean was reached another vessel was ready, and eighteen royal personages and eighteen nobles and sundry others, with the Rajah in their midst, bore it aloft, and waded in up to their necks, aud then most carefully i deposited it in the vessel, whereupon the King, "the delighter in good," stood in his dripping garments on the shore "with up lifted hands, and gazing on the depart inir Bo-branch, shed tears in the hitterness of his grief, and weeping and lamenting in loud eobs departed for bis own oapital. Then the voyage commenced. All storms were bushed, and no one suffered from the ocean swell, for "within the circle of a yogana all the waves were quieted,' while an invisible choir in the air chanted sweetest melodies and scattered perfumes." It was not to be expeoted that the devilish nagas would let all tnis I on without their interference, but .the holy Princess Sanghamitta not only kept them off, but converted them to the true faith. The voyage - was peasant, rapid, and prosperous, and as the ship drew near to the palm-girt island of Lanka, the pious King Tissa was on the shore waiting for its reception. Then we read that the great Prophet Mahindo and the enthusiastic King and many others began a chant, which ran, "ThiBistneBofrom the Bo tree at which Buddha attained Buddha hood," and as they rushed- into the waters took the tree in its golden flower-pot on their heads, oarrieditontothebeaoh, and " deposited it in the superb hall which, had been built on the shore." The King himself, surrendering his sovereign authority 'as the other King had done, to the tree, mounted guard as a sentinel, and waited thus at the gate for three entire days in the discharge of this eaored duty, HOW IT WAS PLANTED. Other adventures followed ere the tree rested in the grove where I saw it. Along a new highway, " sprinkled with white sand and lined with banners and garlands of flowers," the tree was brought in " a superb car" through the villages that lay in the route and entered the city of Anuradhapura by the northern gate. It was then brought to the prepared grove of palms and pipuls, and was lifted by royal and priestly hands out of the car. Then, says the chronicler (bnt this faot is, I admit, open to question), "springing 80 cubits up into the air, self-poised and re splendent, it cast forth a halo of rays of six oolonrs," and there it remained all the day till the sun was near its setting. Ae the shadows grew longer the tree and its golden vase came down, and "thereupon the earth did quake." The roots became excited, and climbing up ■ ever the rim of the great golden flower-pot, shot downwards to the eartn, and not only fixed themselves there, baf foroed down the vale itself deep-into the ground;'and there it re mains to thisday; end as that vase was as thick as an-elephant's trunk,* and as lug as -a wine vat, a valuable gold mine must lie hidden beneath that tree, awaiting some sac religious speculators to get up a Company to dig for it. When the tree was thus self-planted it needed watering. This time this prooess must be the work of the epiritB Of Heaven. Heavy rain came down, and " dense cool clonds enveloped the great Bo-tree in their snony womb." For seven days the tree was invisible, and when the clouds lifted the tree was seen in all its beauty with a halo of six. coloured -rays. We read in the Book-of Revelation how, in the idealized picture of the new earth, there was . a grove _ whose trees bare twelve manner of fruits, and whose leaves were for the hewing - of the nations. The same idea is to be found in the old chronicle, for we read how the Bo-tree let fall a ripened fruit which the King pioked up and planted and " while they were gazing at it eight i prouting shoots were produced and became vigorous plants, each one 4 cubits bigh.' These young tress were distributed to various centres in the island, and one of them was taken to Kandy. Erewhile they each bore four fruits, which planted themselves through cut the land "by virtue of the glory of Buddha inherent in the Bodhi-tree, and for the spiri tual happiness of the people of the oountry." . TREE AND SERPENT WORSHIP. Such is the history of this famous old tree in which wild legend is commingled with precise lact, and which, whatever else we may say of it, is radiant with a. simple but sincere faith in the truth of the religion of Buddha. In worship ping the unknown under the symbol of a tree Buddhism is not peculiar. Such worship is mentioned again and again in the Old Testa ment. It is presented frequently on the sculptures from Nineveh. It was observed by our Druidioal forefathers in Britain, and it is everywhere manifested in India, where sac rod trees can be counted by thousands. - It is generally associated with some sort of serpent worship, and reminds ub, though it is difficult to trace the connection, of the tree of life, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which grew near together in the thornless Garden of Eden, and which garden was a paradise of innooent joy until the subtle serpent invaded it and palmed itself off as a would-be sage. By the time my friend and I had mode the acquaintance of the sacred Bo-tree the eun had assumed such a mastery that we deemed it wise to retreat to the grateful shade of the resthouse. Our tramp amid the ruins made us well able to appreciate a bath, and after that our "burra hazri," or proper breakfast, to which we sat down about 11 o'clock. RUINS. We had seen just enough to whet our appe tite for more ruins. We found from our plan that the principal remains of this old city may be reached by two circular traoks—the inner one about two miles in length, and the outer one about three times as long. The rest of the jungle, which covers the site of the city for six miles in every direction, has not yet been explored. It la not likely that any very large ruins will be unearthed, for the houses of the people were built of temporary material, and have been washed down by the. rains and torn by the roots of trees, but still there is no doubt that a rich . harvest awaits the explorer, for this city origi nally boasted of hundreds of palaces, and even more numerous monasteries. During th° afternoon the Government Archaeologist (Mr Bell) drove up in his bullock-bandy, and he offered to take us out for our afternoon -excur sion, We gladly acoepted his invitation, and meanwhile waited in pleasant archseologioal discussion the comparative coolness of approaching evening. A SITTING BUDDHA. I will not attempt to give anything like a detailed description of what we saw on that interesting drive. Our guide knew every stone in the jungle, and every few yards made his bandy stop and showed us innumerable curiosi ties that we should never have suspected to be there—enormous baths, the foundations of royal homes, etones carved with eeven-headed snakes, altars for flowers, Btablesfor elephants, ruins of monasteries, sitting statues of Buddha, and innumerable dagobss. It did indeed Beem strange to find amid the densest jungle, again and again, an enormous granite Buddha, sitting alone in the wilderness, contemplating nothing, unmoved by the drenching monsoons, or the revolutions of empires. On one occasion we got our driver-to squat by the image in the same attitude as Buddha, so that we might compare the two, and Mr. Bell told him to look straight before him at nothing, so that his. face might have some trace , of the dreamy. serenity of the original. The effort at .obtain ing the proper expression was not, however,, very suocessful. We passed along the edge of the great tank or reservoir of Tiasa-wewa, constructed, 300 3.O., whioh in its turn is fed from other water works hicher un in the hills. Those anoient Kings of Anuradhapura were splendid' hydraulic engineers. ' The city was- the out come of their skill in this direction, and-now that a paternal Government is reconstructing those great dams and channels there is no reason why theoity should not rise,from, the dead and grow and become famous onoe more. We paced the edgepf that vast artificial, lake lost in admiration at the skill of . the architeot of it. It looked tempting for a. swim, but we saw here, there, everywhere amid.the shallows At the edge, and among the reeds, theeusniciops snouts of a school of crocodiles, and we lost all wiBh for a bath when we learned what, oom Sany we should meet in the . waters. . When ealing with snohlike creatures in.their native haunts, the better part of valour is.disoretion. A BACHED PAKE. . Finally we found ourselves in the midst of a beautiful grassy park, surrounded wjth the choioest. ruins. This seems to have been, a kind of holy forum in the ancient city.-. Here we dismissed, our bandy, as the eon was nearly setting, and walked-around. At each end of a green award some half-mile in length'was a dagoba. '.The one to the north ib small, but is a model of grace; the other to the south is very much larger and very rich in historio memorials. The names of these dagobas sound to us unoouth, but they havea musio of their own whioh' is very sweet to the devon.-. Buddhist. The one monument is called' Thuparama, the other Ruanwelli. The former is the oldest building in Geylon, and older than any In India, and is one of the beet preserved. It was built by King DewansnpiaTissa in the year 307 B.C., and its purpose was to enshrine and preserve the GoUar-bone of Buddha MM/, which, somehow or other, together until the tooth, escaped being burned when the holy prophet was cremated. This oolhur-bone was brought in great state to Ceylon, and the King, it ia said, put it on the baok of the huge State elephant. The elephant was overjoyed with the honour, and carried the relio to the site of that dagoba, and there he stood. The King wanted to take the relio down, bat the elephant would not think of such a thing. "What means this?" said the King. The answer was that the elephant, knowing how high his back was, and that the high seat was he seat of honour, would allow the sacred thing to be brought) low. The elephant) under stood all that was said, and looked bis approval. Be stood etook still while the King's men breught a great many baskets o£ mud from the tank and made therewith a conical mound which was a little higher than the back of<the wise animal. The reho was then quietly . removed to the topof that spire of mud, and the elephant, and the King, and all the people made . obeisance to the wonderful charm. Around that mound thedagobaof Thuparama was sub sequently built, completely burying and hiding the sacred treasure, and there J sup pose it remains to this day. THE ECAHWELLI DAGOBA. The other dagoba, called "Ruanwelli," or \- "Golden Dust," ia muoh more imposing. It is about as high as the Fost-Offioe tower, and has a- diameter of nearly 400 ft., so that the entire Post-Office might be buried inside it. It was surrounded by a long regiment of great \- stone elephants with real ivory tusks, but the elephants are sadly mutilated, and their tusks have been stolen away long ago. This great dagoba is now being restored by the pious con tributions of the pilgrims who oome to visit the shrines which are around it. It, too, has its romantic legends, which tell how once on a time a certain able and chivalrouB usurper named Elaia sat on the throne; bow the native and proper royal family tried in vain to unseat the usurper; how at last the matter was decided, not by a pitched battle, but by a Homerio duel between the chieftains; how the King, mounted on his elephant, charged the usurper mounted on another elephant; how each warrior hurled his spear at his foe, and how Elala fell and Dutugaimunu reigned in peace. So great was the King's admiration of his brave antagonist that he ereoted a magni ficent tomb on the spot where he fell, and commenced this great dagoba as a monument of the victory—B.o. 161. We etood between those two venerable dagohas as the sun went down behind the trees. Around us were ruins without number, each'with its legendary background of romance to give it a .living interest, and each a puzzle to the antiquarian. It seemed as though we were encompassed about with ghosts of far-gone ages which took form in the bats that were wheeling overhead. A sound of tomtoms from the village reminded us that the time of offer ing the evening sacrifices of flowers had oome, and that the faith in Buddha, which had in spired the builders of these structures, was not dead yet. The lights of a small band of pilgrims going the circuit of the dagoba twinkled against the shrubbery. We set off on our walk home to the resthouse, musing on the strange mysteries of this religion of despair, whioh, in spite of its awful negations, has so muoh charm for these people. To us it is in comprehensible that such a religion should have any attraction at all. It presents to ub doubtless a tender morality, but it is based on the denial of pleasure. It offers as a reward for virtue not the expansion, but the eternal sbrivelment of our energy. It opens up a rest in Nirvina in which nothing remains to enjoy that rest. It practically denies a God, and offers instead a human prophet who is wrapped in an everlasting sleep and has conquered his desire to be anything con ceivable. It takes no form as prayer, and yet makes much of magical incantationB. In all those things it is the direob opposite of Christianity, which comes as a glad message from a living God, through a living Christ, and offers us righteousness in our sin. peace in our troubles, and eternal joy in God as an immortality of blessedness. 'I do not hesitate to say of Buddhism that it is the purest of non-Scriptural religions, but the religion of Jesus is as sunlight contrasted with moonlight when named in comparison therewith. 