THE PEER AND THE . WOMAN. CHAPTER v. M .. , B - CABLTON'S COUSIN. BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIH. Werer, though my memory should yield up everything else which a stormy life has left imprinted upon it, Bhall I forget that little scene My father, although his manner when tie did oome in contact with new acquaintances •Iwaya quietly courteous, stood perfectly •till without moving even a feature, and with ws cigarette still between his teeth. He did not appear to have heard the words of introduction. There was not the slightest smile of welcome upon his lips. His hand, instead of being outstretched, hung nervelessly by bis side, and he did not advance a single step forward. The only change in his appearance was » curious glitter in his dark eyes, and a slight compression of his thin colourless lips. A few feet away from him Lord Alceston stood. I oould see him plainly now, but hod I not heard his voice and bis name I might with reason have doubted whether it were indeed he. The face was paler by far than when I had seen him last, and his form, though still erect and graceful, was shrunken and thin. His cheeks, too, were hollow, and his face seemed sharpened. He wasstanding now with bis lips a little parted, xnd one band raised to his head; and God forbid that I should ever again see such a look of horror on human faoe as was distorting his features as his eyes rested apon my father. It came and went like a Sash. But'l saw it, and it seemed to me that they must see it too. Between them Arthur Uarlyon stood glancing from one ' to the otherin blank bewilderment. "Have either of you seen a ghost—or both —or what?" he asked, breaking a silence which, had it lasted much longer. I myself must have broken with a shriek. "Bernard, 3ld ohap, don't you feel well ?" It was all over. Lord Alceston seemed galvanized out of his stupor, and was onoe more the well-bred dilettante man of the world. My father, too, had regained his naturally easy manner?, and the usual courtesies passed between the two men. But 1 noticed that when my father's band touched Lord Alceston's it seemed to send a shiver through his . frame, and he dropped it as Bpeedily as possible. There were a few words of invitation, a brief acceptance, and the three men stepped into the room from which my father had come. What oould have passed between them to cause the momentary agitation which both had betrayed? The more I wondered the more inexplicable the whole thing seemed. 1 sat in my rooking chair thinking, until my whole brain whirled and my reasoning powers were reduced to utter confusion. Then at last, moved by a sudden impulse, I started up, and wrapping a loDg dark cloak around me, £ stole Boftly from the room, downstairs, and out of the open door into the garden. 