THE PEER AND THE WOMAN. BI E. PHILLIPS OPPKKHEIM. CHAPTER X. IN THE CHAMBKlt OF DEATH ! A careless servant had turned the Venetian Winds the wrong way, and a struggling moon- JWffl had forced its way into the stately bedchamber. Across the dark crimson aarpet it <»8t long, trembling bars of light, and shone on the stiff, cold sheets of the canopied bed, and on the ghastly face of the man who lay there. But it was a great room, and the poor little moonbeam could do no more than feebly illuminate one very small corner of it. The w»t was wrapped in a veil of thiok darkness 5 Silent as the dead! Silent as death! Common phrases enough, but peculiarly expresaive. There was death iu this room, death and a deep breathless sil»nce. For it was the hoe of a corpse round which that moonbeam was playing. Skilful hauds had bandaged his throat, and laid ont his stiff, lifeless limbs, and Lord Aloeston, Karl of Harrowdean, lay in state, waiting for the morrow, when his body would go to its last restingplace ! Midnight had come and pasted. One o'clock struck, and the serene stillness of the chamber of detth was unbroken. The perfume of many and rare exotios, with which the •heets were smothered, floated about on the darkened air, and the silvery rays ot light, which foroed their way into the room, listened around the white wax-like blooms. STo one was there to watch the strange effect of the moonbeams, no one save he from whose eyes the light had gone for ever. The great bouse was hushed in sleep, and the streets below were empty. It was the deep, awesome silenoe of night and of death. Hark ! A sound at last, breaking in upon the solemn stillness. A strange sound, too. The low ruBtiling of a woman's skirts along the broad oorridor. Nearer and nearer it eeemed to oome, at times ceasing altogether, as though the who approached were listening, then sweeping on aB though reassured. At last it ceased just outBide the door, then was the stealthy turning of a handle, and a tall blask form softly entered. The door was closed again. Again there was silence. She moved towards the bedside, but slowly. Long before her dark form had emerged from the shadows the sound of her quiok, anxioua breathing betrayed her whereabouts. At last she glided out of the darkness, and stood between the window and the bedside, in the focus of the moonlight. The quivering beams played upon a face set and rigid as marble, ghastly and colourless, yet desperate. It was the face of the Countess of Harrowdean. She was close to the bedside now. close to the mass of odorous, sweet-soented flowers, whose delioate perfume hung heavily about the dose atmosphere. Close to that white, rigid form, colourless as the damask sheets, most awesome, most fear inspiring of all human eights, the corpse from which the last breath has parted, thfe last spark of life died ont. Once those lips, now cold as clay, had burned againBt hers. Once those eyes, now closed and dim. had looked fondly into hero, now filled with a soft, gentle love- light, now full of iseion and fire, and she had loved him ! God! Sow she had loved him ! Three times stooping down, until her breath fell hot upon his face, she stretched out her hand, and three times she withdrew it again. She turned away with a little moan of despair, like the last ory of a hunted animal. It seemed to her that her task was an impossible one. She oould not touch him. It was sacrilege—desecration. It stirred into revolt all her emotions ; she shrank from it as from some dee* of shame, and yet,—yet it must be done, and now. To-morrow the opportunity would have gone for ever. To morrow would be too late. Her hand descended again, and retted upon his arm. Ah, it was there. The hand which ahe had been holding dropped heavily from her nerveless fingers, and fell upon the sheets with a little thud. She staggered baok against the wall, and leaned there, crouching back against it with her hands clasping her throbbing head, and her eyes rivetted upon the sheets. Her white lips moved slowly in a half-uttered prayer. Oh for Btrength, a little strength, just to keep her from going mad. When she moved again her limbs were still and her movements mechanical. Without hesitation she took up again his arm, and turned the shirt-sleeve up above the elbow. The long white arm, with its blue veins, lay exposed to the moonlight, and high up something was glistening and shining in the flood of silvery light. Her fingers closed around it, hiding it from view. For a moment her whole frame shook with exuitement, and then a little sob of relief burst from the trembling lips. She withdrew her hand and slipped something into the pocket of her dressing gown. The long white arm lay there still upon the bed of flowers and perfumed linen. But something had gone—something which had been there when that arm had flourished a dripping sword and waved an eager regiment on to viotory—something which had been there when that arm had trembied with the fierce gesticulations of the orator who was compelling the wild tumultuous applause of an exoited Senate House—something which had been there when the arm which it had encircled bad been pressed by royal fingers. Dangers and sickness, triumphs and glory, it had seen, and when the last breath bad quitted the body, and his life had gone out like a suddenly quenched lamp, it had remained. But severance had come at last. Another sound breaking the hushed silenoe of the sleeping house! Slight though it was, she heard it, and the blood in her veins ran cold as ioe from head to foot, she trembled, and her shaking knees almost gave way beneath her. A footstep in the corridor! A light, firm footstep, drawing nearer and nearer. It stopped, and her heart gave a great throb. She clutched at the walls for support, shrinking baok againBt it with reeling senses, and with dilated eyes fixed upon the door. ThAandle was softly turned, a tall figure enteree. She with the quivering moonlight) shining upon her ghostly face convulsed with terror, he barely visible stepping out from the deep •hadows, mother and son stood fnoe to face. CHAPTER XI. GHOSTS. At first it seemed to her as though she must yield to the deadly faintnesB which was already olouding her senses. Surely this must be some hideous dream, the flower-strewn bed, cold and ghastly in the moonlight, the uncovered arm, and her son's pale questioning face, Btern and sad, looming out of the black Bhadows. Was it a dream, and he a ghoBt ? Alas, no, for his lips were slowly parted, and the death-like stillness was broken by his quick agitated words. "Mother! You here'.and . What has happened ? What have you been doing ?" " I could not rest. I came—to look at him —once more," she faltered. He pointed to the disarranged white gar ments, to the bare arm of the figure on the bed. He asked no questions; he simply pointed, and looked at her. What did it mean ? Nothing which she had imagined to herself had been so awful as this. That she should stand faoe to face with him, of all people in the world, and have to answer that look of fierce enquiry. What should she do! What should she do ? , , "I will tell you—presently, she gasped. " Ask me nothing now. I am faint. This has upset me." . With trembling fingers she re covered his arm, and smoothed down the draperies of the bed. Then she turned, half-fearfully round. He was standing quite still waiting for her, with a white set look on his face that made her heart sink. He was hor son, but he wduld be a hard inquisitor. What was ehe to tell him ? Anything—anything but the truth ! "Icannot stop—here," she said. iake me baok to mv room." , , He stretched out his arm, and she leaned heavily upon it. Slowly they moved aoross the darkened room, and gained the door. Outside, in the dimly-lit corridor, she seemed to Dreathe more freely. „ , " It was foolish of me—to oome, ehe said, in a whisper. He looked down at her. "You had a purpose!" Ay, a purpose? Had she not a purpose? And he was seeking to know it; he would try to wreat it from her. He—calm strong, and self- reliant, against her —weak, shaken, and fearful. How was ^ - resist him-how to evade bis quest.onsY The thought of it made her shudder. They had reached the door of her room, and she had paused, hoping that he might go. But he only waited until she had passed in, and then he followed her, closing the door after him. She sank wearily into her low chair, and buried her face in her hands. He drew himself up before her and spoke. "Mother," he Bald, "aui I asking you a hard, an unreasonable thing, when I ask you to tell me what motive you had in going—there to night, and what you had been doing? I think not. Why should there be secrets be tween us? Am I not your son, and was he not my father as well as your husbaud? I will never rest—never—until I have discovered the secret of his death. I have sworn it Don't you feel like that too? You must. Let us help one another in this. Our object is the same." He oeased, and waited for au answer. None came. She kept her face hidden from him buried in her hands, and he thought at first that she «M weeping. But when elie looked up he saw that the dry burning eyes were tearless. (To If continued•) 