:" HOW SHALL WE DEOCIDE THIS QUESTION I" Now, which -is tho- wors-to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite? There are lots of peop:e on the one sido or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits'oh' appetite aod health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. - Bult mot of us are not blessed in that way; weo either have too nmuchl- food without, an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer.this qpuestion . differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is bettoer to have an appetite without a dinner, I;e cause, short of tlid starvation like a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a moan who ought to eat and dosen't feel like eating, stands inneed of'" alterations and 'epairs." To illustrate. We recently 'received a communication in which the writer says. "I was afraid to cat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did hie nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter why ? Let him clear the mystery himsele , S- iHe says, "In the year iSS9 I ehanged'my work from railway porter to 'signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then: all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. Mly mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing wes like another, and none wasn good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. lly breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any thing.' Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a bhall in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which wao so severe that the sieat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says, "the though of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. "After a time I got into a slow, weak, nervous condition,'and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he meant by the fear of " something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he' intimates, to the impoverished state of the blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The' night of this, form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a' restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says; "I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what [ suffered for over two years is past mypowers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have dose.': In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own painoon one's own, and.. is always harde' to l?h?i? han is ones notion: of' his niihboir's pas.' There is a curst-. less multitude whoareall the while' koing through the same wretched experience, only we don't Ihappen to come in touch with them. ' 'Well 'the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book a ease exactly lika his own having been cored by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My rife," he says, "got hie a, bottle at Mr. Laugstalif, in \?oodlefonl, anil after using itscontents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like th.wlhole world to know what it did for me. 'I have been employed by the Midland Railway Conmpany fr eleven yeal . , . ' , ' . "Car Bottom Road, S Apperley Bridge, near, Leeds.' ? I e publish this by? Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that port of the world at least may knowi':how thankful he is and for what reason.ý 