A SCIENTIST'S DETECTION, By Nathan D. Ukneb. After a professional sojourn ill Washington q£ several weeks, 1 was returning to my home iu New York, under a strange state of depression or forboding. It had awakened me at midnight in my hotel, and still hung to me distress ingly, though now rather as of an evil that had actually befallen and was past mending. I had long been an earnest investi gator of animal magnetism or mesmer ism- hypnotism thev call it nowadays -and had become powerfully skilled in its practice. Therefore, this species of clairvoy ance, or forefeeling of ill, either as affecting myself or some one near and dear to me, and as a psychological accompaniment of my supersensitive ness of organisation, as thus cultivated had come to possess a peculiar signi ficance for ine. But upon taking my seat in the train, and opening a New York paper of that morning, purchased a moment "before, there was an explanation qf it 9,11 before my eyes. It was in a brief account of a mur der which had taken place at or near the preceding midnight. The victim was Doctor David Emanuel! my next-door neighbor a fellow-scientist, a gentleman of great wealth, and my most intimate friend. He had been found assassinated in lis library, at the open-door of his money- safe* by his wife and the^r younger eon, a lad of nineteen. Their outcries had brought the servants^ and the police had been summoned. The unfortunate gentleman had been barbarously beaten dawn with a heavy piece of iron and then choked to death. All the cash was missing, probably several thousand dollars, and everything indicated robbery as the motive of the crime ; but, thus far there was no cine to the perpetrator. There was a,n elder son-Jefferson Emanuel - who was said to have departed far Chicago early an the previous evening. Such were the facts th,s$ were pro curable up to the time of going to press. They were meagre enough, and yet strongly enough suggested the subsequent mystery which has indeed shrouded the affair* so. fa,r as the general public is concerned* up to the present hour. My train had not yet started. I remember perfectly my primary emo tions after the initial shock. The first of these was a profound commiseration for- the cruelly widowed wife and mother - a fine, devoted woman of much more than average intelligence-and for- the younger boy Calhoun, self - contained, strong - minded, and steady- going beyond his years; uncorrupted by money,, and who had always agreeably impressed me as havirg a possibly brilliant f utnre before him. My nest was a sensation of gratitude, almost of relief, tbat the elder son, Jefferson, had quitted the city previous to. the tragedy-had made out a chance case of alibi before-: hand,so to speak. Scarcely yet in his twenty-sixth year, he was already a veteran man about-town in the worst sense of the term ; headstrong, incorrigible, and whose frequent quarrels with his father with regard ta supplies had long been notorious. At this stage or my sensations the train began to move out of the station. I looked out upon a crowd of fresh arrivals, who were, pouring along the between-tracks platform from a New York train that had just got in. The result was a fresh shock to me. Among them nasi a tall^ shapely young fellow, wearing a plaid ulster, close-buttoned and pulled high np at the ears. Brief as was the glimpse I had of him, I felt all but certain that it was none other than Jefferson iimanuel. I thought X recognised not only the face and the carriage, but the dress. And yet how could it he ? A strange and long, roundabout way to be heading for Chicago, surely! Could he know of the tragedy at home ? I leaned out of the car- window and looked back, but the figure had almost instantly lost itself in the crowd, and my train was already well on its way. " Most likely a chance resemblance, nothing more," I said to myself, but with a sense of haunting disquiet which never afterwards left me-until J knew all. The inquest developed nothing. The police seemed to do their best to save their reputation. There were all sorts of theories. An innocent tramp, an old housekeeper's half -imbecile son, and a homeless pedlar, were severally sought to be connected with the fatal piece of iron, but only to be reluc tantly dropped by turns as unavailable. And the affair gradually settled down into one of the impenetrable mysteries. True, there was left a vague general impression that both the family and the chief of police knew more than was permitted to appear. And it may have been regarded as significant that the latter-theretofore regarded a8 a vigorous, efficient, and cheerfulmiiided official - retired, suddenly and sus piciously rich, into private life, soon after the final relinquishment of the case, and died a few years later, after becoming an unaccountably morose find unhappy man. But that was all. Jefferson Emanuel went to continue hie worthless, dissipate^ life abroad. wit!} a comparatively meagre income provided by his father's will, which was, perhaps, increased by his mother's generosity. I, for one, however, managed to keep some track of him in his wander ings. Perhaps the widow and remaining soil suspected me of sharing the general suspicion, or it may be that they feared my mesmeric insight and j power, whose beneficient aid had not j infrequently been sought to the entire ! family in times past, when, suffering j from temporary nervous disorders. At all events, from having been intimate neighbors and warm friends, they grew distant and cold, finally ^voiding me altogether. The years sped on. At last Mrs. Emanuel was brought back from a long sojourn in IJugl^nd and by the faithful young son, in a lamentable state of physical and men tal decl.'Qs. The physicians could do nothing for her. Then Calhoun came to me. J interrupted his stammered excuses for past neglect by cordially grasp ^g his hand, and further relieved hfe embar-4 rassment by the kindest most sympathetic words. Then he said brokenly. " I fea,r my mother isi dying. She seems to he slowly but surely succumb ing to some mental and nervous dis tress, which the doctors do. not under stand and cannot relieve. She suffers dreadfully from insomnia^ and is frequently delirious, though in a mum* bling and' wholly unintelligible way. My brother is hurrying home from Paris. He should be here in a few days. Perha,ps hi& presence will work a change for the better, but I doubt it, Old friend., won't you essay your power of mesmeric suggestion I cannot forget how you used to ebarm away aur headaches and my poor father's rheumatic twinges in the old days. Of course this more-terribly more^tserious. But oh, sir, do come and try!" It was lat$ at nighty and I aeco®-. pauied him at once. I was unprepared for the pitiable change in Mrs. Emanuel's appearance. Propped upon her- pillows, she was but the ghost of her former self. She was wakeful, in one of her brief lucid intervals, and recognised me at once. " My head 1 my head!" she moaned. And* seizing my extended palm, she pressed it to her- burning forehead. But before J, could make any passes, she sank off into a delirium. At first her words were niere unintelligible mumblings, as Calhoun had said. Then suddenly there came an astounding change, not upon the sufferer, but upon me. I stood entranced., hypnotised by the mental horror- I had hoped to. relieve, charmed into perfect and congenial: clairvoyance with that fierce delirium tha,t was under my sympatic tie touch. I not only clearly understood the woman's ravings, hut looked into another room, the library, in which a terrible scene was being enacted and re-euaeted by that hauuted miud For an instant I controlled mjself enough to turn to Calhoun and the professional nurse, who. were at the bedside with me. | " Are the raving words still unin- i telligible to you two ?" I asked, curiously. The young man bent forward, with ; an alarmed, suspicious look. j .' Yes, of course they are !" he ex- i claimed. " Can they be otherwise to j you?" I prevaricated by shaking nay head, j and then surrounded myself wholly to I the vision of horror- and revelation that was before me. It was over at last. I sank, half fainting, in an easy chair at the bed side. It was. some little time before I could rally. Then, the sufferer waa in a profound, composed sleep. The nurse looked greatlj encouraged, while Calhoun grasped my hand effusively. " You must have done her good!" he exclaimed. But I shook' my h^ad doubtfully. " 1 am afraid not,'* I said, perhaps a little more harshly than I intended. " Isn't it in Macbeth that something is said about there being no remedy for-? Ho.«ever, one can always hope for the best." And I abruptly quitted the room and house. The next morning Mrs. Emanuel's death was announced. She never woke out of that last pro found and sorely-needed sleep. It was as if she had earned the boon of of earthly rest at last by transmitting to me the guilty secret that was con suming and torturing her noble heart. Jefferson Emanuel did not reach home until after the funeral. I met him, with his brother, » short time prior to his setting out again abroad. He was now rich, his mother's death having left hiin a half-sharer with Calhoun of the large patrimony. He was, therefore, not only looking exul tant, but insolent. I can scarcely describe the loathing and indignation with which the sight of this handsome, dissipated fellow filled me. His own brother seemed either ashamed or afraid of him, perhaps both, and to look forward to his fresh departure with a sense of relipf. The scapegrace was reported to have married an actress or two while abroad, and to have associated almost exclu sively with cheap gamblers and other vicious characters. Xt was also, said of him, though with how much truth I could not sav, that never since his father's murder had be I Eougfht his night's rest without being i so tipsy with champagne as to ensure tbe slumber tbat might otherwise have been denied him. j However, beneath all his superficial I effrontery, there was a shifty, hunted look in his bold black eveSj whose meaning was now no longer a secret to me. Our meeting was in the drawing room, almost directly adjoining the library in which the tragedy had been enaeted,^and whither I had come at Calhoun s request, to give my advice as to some expensive articles of bric-a brac that were presently to be sold. Even then I m&ht; have let him off ancj held back the terrible revelation I had discovered had not the rascal angered me by some scoffing and altogether uncalled-for allusion to my mesmeric belief and powers. They are just as honest and just as genuine, now, parricide," I ex claimed, as they were five years ago, when I saw you quitting the New York train iu Washington (a round, about way of reaching Chicago, surely) on the morning following your venerable father's midnight murder m yonder room I1' He turned ghastly pale, and then advanced on threatjngly, but I waved him back. "Do not fear," I continued con, temptuously. " Mine is not the sort of testimony that could hang you, as you deserve, though none could' be truer and more convincing^ It was shot inta my understanding by your* mother's long- suffering, long-haunted spirit, and all for your protection, in that last struggle which she made with her morality. It was a revelation made to me not only through the mystic channels of the science which you affect to despise, but from the very threshold of death itself. Listen and tremble!" He had sunk into a seat in a species of collapse. Calhoun remained stand ing* but with a look of' consternation that was a sufficient corroboration of my accusation. I then rapidly and impressi vely des cribcd the tragedy scene which had been so strangely vouchsafed me "You came home late that night, Jefferson Emanuel,'^ I sajd «^ ^ furious temper. You had passed the day m sleeping off the previous night's debauch and m a solitarv obscurity that was peculiarly favoraWe fop th& false alibi that was afterward so cleyeriy set up^ far you at your pother s and brother's instance '' You found your father alone in the library m the lower nart of the house, where he Con.i,Ierillg s01ae accounts before his open safe. " ^d -vou Premeditated what fol lowed ? At all events, you had picked up in the street and slipp^ fntoK TOOr pocket the piece of iron with which the deadly work was begun, if not consummated. " ?allrad Wfth drink furious over freshIy-contracted gambl in £ debts, you abruptly and insolently demanded a cheque for- a )BV ,e amount tosetvou °n your feet agam, as you called it. ,, r-°*v fofker1* temper was never of the best, and you had Jon? since tried it beyond endurance. He refused your demand indignantly, even threatening ta disinherit you on the morrow. J " Beside yourself with rage, vou precipUated yourself upon him. There waji a wild struggle, during which you ! .St, nonnded him down ' tt bruising iron. j * Your victim emitted hut one feeble I f r,e. ? ^ was ^fortunately for 'you) j heard by none but your mother " and1 ro er, who had gone to their resnec- 1 trve apartments and partly disrobed, DUt bad not yet retired. j They burst into the room, but too late to save. P*Uid and unmanned, but unstained with blood, you were just relaxing: your strangling clutch which completed your father's murder. ? a our mother was known for her toye of character and strength of mi11 .'IP ^ess *han for her womanly sensibilities. This was vo'ir salvation. A he mother proved paramount to the wife-her pit,y for vou, the murderer son, controlled her horror of the deed which had so brut illy widowed her. A glance explained everything to her tortured heart. "' ^7 ?' 8be grasped. * There is money m the safe. Take what there is and begone ! Go to Chicago, where those friends of our have been expec ting a visit from you. Calhoun and I will give it out that you left early in tne exiling. Quick-leave it to us ' t ly l fly !* You obeyed without a word, skulk ing guiltily away like the crime-stained monster you had become. " Why you took a train for Wash, ington instead of Chicago. I neither know nor care. JVo more do I whether the retiring chieFof police was enriched by hushmoney provided by your family, or not. Their solicitude T/our eafet-V was perhaps pardon. But of this, Jefferson Emanuel, be ®ure- There is one other besides vour tremblmg, shame-stricken brother there who knows of your guilfc as indubitably as if he had witnessed it with his own eyes. You once more go forth into the world to seek the peace you shall never find, and this time-enriched bv a second murder-that of vour noble mother. You are no less "responsible for her death than for that of your father. Go!" J The ynun? man suddenly sprang to his fe?t in an access of frenzied fear. " This babbler must be silenced P he cried, producing a revolver. " There is danger in him!" But his brother disarmed him with out any difficulty and I coolly strode away. I have never seen either of those young men since. Calhoun also went abroad. He was a fine, capable fellow, and I have heard of his winning renown under an assumed name as an Afriean explorer. I read of Jefferson's deatli in Lon don less than a year ago. He died in the most wretched poverty, and pro bably without a friend. I have always deemed it a pity that I could not have utilised my strange discovery in a manner to bring the murderer of my old friend David Emanuel to justice, but I. still do not see how it could have been done. Testimony of that sort would hardly receive judicial consideration. But is it any the less true and convincing ? 