Was it it Gliost They Saw t Mrs. II. Ef. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main ftrcct. Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot I boards with her. The house is on old one, but in good order. One night early in Decern* bcr, 1601) the two women locked all the doors , and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left (he gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half past eleven they relumed, and entered tho house laughing and talking. But as they went into lUo parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the mid dle of the room Btood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was con ocalcd bj a mask, his eyes gleam:og through the cyeholos in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women (led acream I ing from the room, and when Mr. Jennings 1 came in five minutes later he found no ooo in tho parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw P "During a recent period of ill health," writes au American friend, 141 had slept badly for several successive sights. Oa the fourth of these nighta about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name;'and at the foot of the bed stood tho image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster, I screamed and fainted. I wub foolish enough to tell of it, aud the local old womeo gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than throe years ago now." No doubt it was the nerve?. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play olT on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott-road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows1l<1 teas bo dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone iu the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away from rac in ease I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. 1 slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was weak most of tho lime. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, By*and*by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on iny stomach. By this time 1 was nothiog but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached co dreadfully I thouglit|I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better* " I had given up ell hope, when ons day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked me what I was taking. Sbo told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Beigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days was able to walk acioss the room, and by the end of a week was able to walk downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. £ can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness hat left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pro stration. The original cause was grief and shook at the loss of her husba&gf; by accident, and the system rallied only wtati the syrnp had given new vigour to the' aSgestion ana thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of tho Bridgeport ghost, it remaius true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves sill upBet by indigestion aud dyspepsia. Ghosts oome from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel'sByrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wbolesame* 