A PROCESSION OF GHOSTS.* Here is a fair parade of the ghosts of literary ladies who were once extremely popular. The show is a very entertaining one, and very far from uninstructive. Mrs Hamilton has done her work happily and well, understanding precisely what it is that we readers and writers or to-day desire to know concerning these erstwhile heroines cf the quill. Very few of them appeal to us any longer through their ' -works; ' but their ' ways,' the stories of their lives, how they came to write, how their successes wtere won, what their rewards were* what note contemporary criticism took of them, what figure they made in their world— all this is interesting to CU8. Here arc many ladies admirably shown forth, almost every type of writing woman, poets, novelists, dramatist!, essayists; Frances Burney, whose ''satirical little pen' has not yet lost its virtue, for the Diary is delightful read ing ; the astonishing De Stael, 'the Begum of Literature,' with her white arms, her turban and her terrific tongue; that terribly fine young creature, l£rs InchbaM* a permanent typo of the literary adven turess ; Joanna Bailhe, the Scotch minister's daughter, and ' the only woman, who has ever -written a creditable tragedy ;' Lady Anne Barnard, who gave ua the im mortal Auld Robin Gray and no more j Lady Nairn, who wrote the Land o' the Leal; the horrific Ann Radclifle, who gave two generations the shivers j Mrs Bar bauld, Hannah More, ' dear Aunt Jane' Austen, the radiant Lady Bleasington and others. Clearly- fame of all but the highest order is primarily, and in many case* entirely an affair of fashion. Th» judgment of the public seems all bttt valueless, and that of the accredited critics .scarcely better. One ia astonished ' on turning over Mr3 Hamilton's bright pages to read the praises which Dr. John- . Landor lavished upon plays, poems or novels which have lain rotting this many a year on the least accessible shelves of the obscurest corner in the library. Equally cL'ar i» it, however, that any woman (we - are treating only of the gentle sex to-day) who acquired literary fame during her life time is at least great in her jown genera tion. 'Whatever may be the genenft .? ; average of intelligence at any period, to be 'so far in advance of - it as to become a 'popular ' author is a very - signal distinction. Nearly all of Mrs Hamilton's ghost3 were extraordinarily popular ladies in their day ; many of them every bit as popular (and as sedulously 'boomed' by distinguished critics) as jthst tallest literary giants of our own quarter of a century. But what ia significant is this, that the very small number of them whose reputations have survived were th* ; ones who were least regarded by. their con temporaries. Mrs Radcliffe was to the ; full as popular as Mr Rider Haggard ; and Scott, when he read Joanna Baillit's - tragedy of De Mbntf ort, actually wrote in Marmion that 'Avon's swans' should deem 'their own Shakespeare lived -''' again; but Jane Austen did not meet v; - during her lifetime one single critic worthy of her genius. Slje. ? had 'slept in her quiet grave in Winchester Cathedral' pix years when Archbishop '. .',?.?' Whately first told the readers ot- tki , Quarterly Review what manner of woman she was. So much for fame, ladiea ! ?. GHOST I.— MADAME d'abBLY. In a gay opening chapter, Mrs Hamilton brings Frances Burney (Madame d'Arblay) before us. Fame burst all of a sudden upon 'Dr. Buruey's timid little daughter.' She wrote i ^'Evelina' at 26, followed it up with 'Cecilia/' and was the wonder of the day. One can imagine her feelings, when she heard that Johnson could repeat whole pages of 'Evelina.' Sheridan urged her to write a comedy, and society caressed her. Then came the memor able presentation to George III., so deliciously described in the Diary, and' after that the five years of penal servitude at court a% a keeper, of i ' the Queen's wardrobe. These posts' of upper servants at court should always.be r- served for the nobility; they are not at all fit for persons of genius, and it is rather - ? gratifying than otherwise to think that Frances Burney made a worse . wardrobe keeper than any duchess would have done. — However, posterity owe3 a good deal of thr - Diary to it, so posterity i3 selfishly glad of juifas journeys servitude, itest her gentle and witty ashes! she has for sure had her. revenge of Mrs Schwellenberg in the shades ! We may fairly write her down as the mother of the modern school of fiction. r ©HOST II. — MKS INCHBAIiD. Th« gay ghost of Chapter ? II. was once the gifted, beautiful, and much daring, - Elizabeth Inchbald, ' something between - a mikmaid and a lady,' who would be an : actress, and who, at the age of [19, ', '?n April 11, 1772, early in the morning^ left my mother's house unknown to anyone, oame to London in the Norwich fly, an* ? got lodgings at the Rose and Crown, in St. John-street.' Here commenced a series of adventures, generally amusing, but not always strictly correct, tempered by a diet of ' penny rolls and water;' A widow of 26, after a mixed experience of the stage in London and provinces, and cheap lodgings m France, she began to play at Covenfe Garden at £1 6s 8d a wesk, and thre*' - ! years later she is the brilliant Mnr . x Imchbald, actress, authoress, wit, and beauty, who gets .£130 for a farce, and ?JJ900 for a comedy. -Her novels, the ' Simple Story' (which Maria Edgeworth read three times) and 'Nature and Art.', show a -delicate and feeling heart, considerable tiragic power, and often a fine sense of style. Hazlett considered ' Nature and Art' one «me of the moat interesting and pathetic stories ever written.' la her declining je&rs;, when her beauty had forsaken her, and she was living in solitary lodgings saving money for her siater, Madame de Stael insisted upon meeting her at a third person's house, and asked her why she shunned EQciety. ' Because I dread the \ oneiiness that will follow.' 'What! will '. you feel your solitude more when y( m return if am 'fchia company than iOv «. did befojr^ you came ?'' Yes ; * * I hi WlQ no 'one *° *e^ P^Qit I have seen you, no Oi ''*?. fc0 !.'wnom * caa flBBeat the many encon. ^a™s you have passed 03 say 'Simple. , Storv *no one to enjoy any of you* praise but myt ^lf'' She died at 6^' ' repentant and fore 'Vjful of the world,' though it would be ''-»* hard judge who would »ay that fc keHad^ much to repent of. «he made th «' world lauSh and weeP GHOST I **?? —MADAME DE STAEL. £Way now. f 01 -.;*-.? thaumaturgic de Sfcael Herself. Eeally ' oi. ^ hardly knows, though she had been deM three-quarters of a century, how.s to\ sum up this extra vagaut, heroic ?.Jt-weat^re. . Her own age seems to never .have1 known exactly what to make of lie *. To ' some great ones she was a delight, t o other.? a terror and a torment. Sh» was ' «8rtaiL'ly one of the personalities of the j Surope ox her day, and (joawith Beaconafiel i) it ig .as a person ality more than as * writer tLat she sur vives. Moore dubbed ' ker «? the -Begum of Literature,' and that 1 felicitous phrase tells more than a dozen p ages of crifcx cism of 'Delphine' and 'Co tume.' ^fc her renown as a writer j\Va.=i European, In Edinburgh 'learned a ad scientific men stopped in the streets to talk- of her new novel.' ' She was the most prodigious and queneMess talker of her d«q ?'. Byron com plained of the time she as *' after dinner — 'the gentlemen . , wished. \t Mrfl ^°r' rine in the drawingjioomi. ' ? One has, a vast vision of hex stilslL, waving her white arms through. /the duaa 'ingrooms of Europej seizing all men by-'- the button kole, haranguing the u niverse . ... on universal topics, Talleyrand has told how ' ? he would burst out thus, withr ,ut an aah ?xn of pro vocation :— ' Rise fro m thy astoft. S O Rous seau ! and encourage in his car».a .' the man who, having to contf md with the' e, xtremity of misery \\_ aims a't securing tM perfect good.' Heavens, V /hat a female ! . «pethe groans out hpw' she 'dashes in without note or warning, fells you, with ;a club, ?and the next mi nute you must begin piping tanes for, 1 ier, aad jig them .from Bubjecfc to subject ,.' Napoleon could not breathe the sama: air with her ; she must When the Duke of Marlborough, -vwho had root spoken for thi -ee years,' heard tihat she *WM coming to- Ma^Pborough he cried, 'Take me away i1 ' Yet this was a generous and highsouled e ceatiire, with a passion for liberty and incaj table of giving pain ; and she thought tht - Lord's Prayer wortU all the metaphysics i in creation. Perhaps Byron waB not / far. wrong when he ex claimed—';' ShaJ would have made a great man V* .-,,.' ;, . . ' ' ' ? GHOST I' f.— MBS BARBJlTTLD. ;, All mention;o' £ the worthy Mrs Bwbauld leaves ui,.we m; ust confess, very cold. We candot readier; ' Boeks for Children,' nor the poem, called 1811 (which un doubtedly. gav- - Macaulay his inspira tion for the, .^ fame us passage about the New Zealau der ; but we would never go so far as '-to approve the eccentric young; man who composed for his private joy an elaborate paper discussing ' The best way of put; bing an end to Mrs *ar bauld's life.', ^Chis. was, in good sooth, an admirable and 8 . handsome woman ; a goed elassieal scholar, the friend and corres pondent of man y of her most eminent con teirporaries j ai id as for those ' Books for Children,' it -were kindly to say with Dr. Johnson, 'To plant the first idea in a human, mind, .sir, can be no dishonour to any hand.' She could read at two years ?Id, which was g;oing one year better than Swift; she h»d three or four old lovers, who' never, cea«e to look upon her with affection as well as admiration ; and ske lived blamelessly for 82 years. . Wards, worth said that he wished he had written these two line* ef hers s-tv Ibife I we have been long together. Through pleaiant and through stormy woat&er.; luiieu, adieu, good Barfeauld ! #HOST V. — HANNAH KOBH. : Hannah More in another of Mrs Hamil ton»'a~ei»timables to whose work* our heart ,- wiling warm; Here, nevertheless^ is a most pleasing picture of her, a various woman, Puritan to the reota, infinitely platitudinous as often as she took up the pen, but with loveable little lapses iato worldliness in her nodal inter course. She begins as a girl with her 'Letters to Depraved Characters,' and winds up with her cheap repository traots, of which 2,000,000 were sold in one year. In between, we may just note her novel of ' Coalebs in Search of a Wite,' which has glimpses of a dry wit. Everything she wrote '' wa3 greeted with . flattery and applausa'— perhaps not too wisely bestowed. She was at home with the Garricks and a pet of Johnson's. We see her beaming in the theatre one night, and auon hear her mourning over ' the strawberries which cost ..£150 at Lady Stormont'o breakfast last Saturday.' Mac aulay called her his second mother. A thoroughly interesting and idiosyncratic woman, but, when there is question of her literary works, we, must respectfully, beg, with the Duke of Marlborough, to be taken away. . .'? ' ,.' ?' '..?'?; ??'.. : ' ?' .' \ ;/?'. SOME SCOTCH GHOSTS. * Over those rare Scotch - songstresses, Lady Anne Barnard . and Lady NairD, we need not delay. Mrs Hamilton has sketched them both charmingly. We pause only ta note i curious virtue (which in some oases, 'however, amounted to a morbid weak ness) displayed by many of these bygone ladies of the pan. It was their resolute determination to hide their literary light under a bu3hel. They shrank from being ' known and applauded as authoresses. Pair ;. ladies, what say you to this ? When all the country knew Auld Robin Gray, and the French had translated ib, and the Society; of Antiquaries were offerins? a reward/ of. .£20 ' to anybody who would throw light on the subject,' Lady Anne 'remained resolutely silent.' 'When Lady Nairn was writing those braw Jacobite songa, the fira of which has nob died in thorn at .this day, she allowed it to be sftppo3ed that she was all the while inditing love letters to her MtraA+li narh. '...:.'?? STBiLtflfHT FROM THCH CHARNEL HOITSE. The wiae and noisy fame of the super ssEsitive Mrs Radcliffe need not in any way surprise U3. In any day' of the aen satioDal novel she would have had a clam orous public, la ouc own day she would kave been no rival of Me Stevenson, but she would have run Mr Kider Haggard (not in respect of 'King Solomon's Mines,' but in respect of ' She') a rather hard race; she would have left the ' Hansom Cab ' manu facturer nowhere ; and Mis3 Braddon,,and oeitaiuly Mrs Henry Weed, would have had to look to their laurels. . Mrs Radcliffe founded the school of horror, and, within limits, she was a mistress of it. She had no wit, no humour, and not the descrip tions ; a ud with greater restraint; a finer technique, and a slightly more spiritual imagination she would have surpassed Godwin, and would hare been at least abreast of Le Fanii. As it is, we knew her only as a skilful mechanist ; and since she herself has let us into all the secrets of her very material charn'el house, we are not in the least afraid of her. .Still we fancy that she tells them an occasional eood ghost story on the other Bide of Styx, though, we have no doubt that, amontjst that 'posthumous humanity,' Jane Austen makes as much fun of her as ever. GHOSTS AT.L AN» SUNDRY. Amelia Opie is here, and Mrs Hamilton would fain interest us in -the author of 'Father and Daughter ;' but, indeed, we do not think a penny the better of Sir James Macintosh for confessing to team over tkose sentimental pages. Tet the lachrymose Opie was lachrymose only in her 'copy;' smart circles adored her as a Tom. Moore in petticoats^ Little tender-hearted, honest Miss Mit ford, what shall we may of her? She kept a Micawber of a father in pocket money ; she wrote ' Rienzi,' which, was acted at Drury Lane ; and' ' Our Til lage'. (not a play), which, has passages as delicate as Lamb's j she stands clo3e to Cowper as a letter writer j she wa3 eulo gised by Kirgsley a3 'the single eye, the daughter of light ;' she lived a long life of whole souled devotion to others, and no body ever had the heart to tell her that she erice went to an evening party with the shop ticket hanging from the border of her brand new evening cap. It is less than 40 years since flights of angels sang Miss Mitford to her rest. Maria Edgeworfch fills the chapter after Mrs Radeliffe. Has modern criticism anything to say,. to the elaborately moral Maria? It cannot quite pass her by, if ' Castle Rackrent' be ckaowiedged as ' the parent of the large family of Irish novels,' and we. believe ifc m»\y lay claim to that distinction.:. But Maria herself, and all the 47 volumes that she ventured her name to, are nebulous existences at this day. We can still read the '? Essay on Bulls and Blunders,' which ?he wrote in collaboration with her father (Maria's relations with her father.ara a part of the romance of Ietter3.; he was to her what George Henry Lewes was .to George Eliot), but we deny her any touch of. geaiusj and the 'Moral Tales' which appear to have given her,.8uch place as she has in letters we could now never think of as fit for anything but parody. Mr Burnand might deal with the pick of them as he dealt with ' Sandford and Mertpn.' The author of ' Sandfprd and iMertpa,' by the way, ' was a, friend of Maria's ingenious father. Macaulay^ praised her at the dinner table, Moore, called, .her ' delight ful,' and Byron 'mentions i her. in his ?'Diary' as ''a nice little unassuming Jennie. Deans looking body. . . . her conversation as quiet as herself.' And she was the lioness of London the year after Byron had,been its. lion. We must leave. I the i rest of Mrs Hamil ton's entertaining ghosts— Sydney O wen ten (Lady Morgan) whose story is so much more captivating than her stories j Joanna Baillie, who would write plays with a purpose, and whom Scott himself could not immortalise; Susan Pe'rrier, of whom Christopher. Norm wondered where in heaven she picked up her knowledge of the world, and whom incautious admirars have called 'the Scotch Jane Austen,' arid Lady Blessington, who made .£3000 a year by a pen which in these days would have been worth about JB2 a week fco her in Mr Yates's column of ' What the World Says.' — Daily Ghronicle. ? ^ ? 