CAN ANYBODY TELL OS? How long the Government will last ? If Stanbnry has found a match in America ? Whether Griffo's friends are not his worst anemias ? How the hackers of Bncclench felt after the Nowmarket ? Whether Lonnen's larrikin song is not alittlo.too Cockney P Whether contempt of court does not sometimes prove dear ? How the Labor Party likes the prospect of a general election ? Why certain people are requiring more information about snakes ? Why the electric light does not make more headway in Sydney ? What understanding — if any — has been reached between Parkes and Reid? - . How much the Queen's sympathy is worth to starving widows and orphans ? Whether a trip to America would not benefit Grilfo financially and otherwise ? Whether Sir Henry's recent stump speech is another weak imitation of Gladstono ? How much longer will the monopoly of the Sydney Gaslight Company bo permitted ? Who would have thought that Lord Jersey is a member of the Institute of Surveyors ? How Hutton will succeed as Com mandant of the New South Wales Military Forces ? Of anything more disgraceful than the conduct of the Books push at the recent glove fight ? How often Coroner Woore has been called on for explanation by tho Department of Justice ? The name of the Sydnoy weekly newspaper in which tho ghost did not "walk " last Saturday? If it is true that Captain Fisher, P.M., is to succeed Mr. Fosbcry as Inspector-General of Police ? Why Government should pay the cost of sending sheep — intended for sale — to the Chicago Exhibition ? Whether boxing, liko prize-fight ing, suffers most from the black guardism of its own followers ? How tho Corporation of Sydney can raise loanB in London while tho N.S.W. Government cannot do so ? Why the chairman of the Weights and Measures Board did not employ some competent man to draft his re port? If Sydnoy will over have an evening newspaper that is not a mere piracy of the blunders committed by tho morning ones ? Why ministers of the Gospel do not follow Mr. Field's advice to make men sober by prayer instead of rey lying on salvation ? /- - If Mr. Crick relished his cross- , examination in the Ferguson case as to certain notorious events of the past ? If, after his ignominious dofeat of last year, Mr. Sohey should not re frain from meddling with the ad ministration of the railways ? Why March should bo tho "suicide month " in Australia and November in England ? If it is true that sovoral city clorgy- ment are in tho habit of attending glove contests — carefully disguised, of courao ? Why, ad retrenchment is the order of the day, is not the wholly sinecure office of " Superintendent of Caves" — salary £24\\) — abolished ? Have Ministers and tho leading men of the Opposition " paired " in order to allow them to desert Parlia- . mont and stamp the country ? If sign-painters and glaziers would havo any objection to a frequent in currence of the lato gales ? What emolument Mr. Alex. Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock, is to re ceive for looking after those sheep that are to bo sent to Chicago ? Whether Federation is as dead as J alius Caaar p How Goddard felt after his defeat by Ed. Smith p Whether boxing in Sydney has not rocoivcd its death blow ? How tho present Ministry can claim to represent the country ? How long before the kangaroo will be as extinct as the megatberinm ? If there is not much truth in what Miss Sha,w writes to The Times about New South Wales ? How many mon, or so-called men, np Surry Hills way livo on tho pro ceeds of prostitution p If it is not about lirao that tinned meats should come under the pro visions of the Poisons Act ? How much capital our late Go vernor invested in real estate in this colony and in Queensland ? Why Dibbs permits such familiarity on the part of some of his followers, not Cabinet Ministers either ? Whether a recent police case doe3 nob show the real nature of tho widows who advertise for kind gents ? Why such evasive replies should be given by Ministers when ques tioned as to the travelling allowances ofthojudgosP What is the natnre of that seorot inquiry that is now being conducted in one of tho rooms at tho Depart- I ment of J usfcice ? | Why the owners and masters of yessels leaving port are not made to provide for tho men whom they leave behind in hospital ? If the new Moderator of tho Pres byterian Assembly is not deserving 8 of kudos for his bold denunciation of i church bazaar gambling ? 9 Whether the National Association is really at the bottom of the recont agitation for a dissolution which g . would squelch tho Labor Party ? What law could reach the partici pants in a prize-fight taking place at sea juBt outside the three leagues j orisdiction of any Australian colony ? " How solicitor Possmore liked the severe wigging ho got from Judge Windeyor (sitting in Divorce) the I other day, for putting an improper I question to a female witness ? I If the stoppage of glove fights in I licensed places, and under the control I of the police, might not load to a | return to the old system of secret prize-fighting ? If the Legislative Council's refusal to give seamen domiciled in N.S. Wales the franchise is not a piece of petty retaliation for the Maritime Strike of last year P Why the Commissioners do not issue a stringent order to tram con ductors forbidding them to enter into conversation with passengers, to the neglect of their .duties ? Whether tho threatened resistance of Ulster to Homo Rule will prove as empty aa the threat — at the disestab lishment of the Irish Church — to kick tho Crown into tho Boyno ? 