No sano man who has lived in this colony for the last five years with his eyes and oars open doubts that Victoria lias long needed a revolution in her Railway sys tem. lSvor sinco 1888 The Arte has con- sistently hammered out this text. The loss then accrued and accruing struck homo to the consciousness of all but the purblind. Tho system whicii had borrowod nearly a scoro of millions sterling in a few years, and spont most of the money on non- payable lines of railway, only to pile up deficit on defioit, neoded no ghost from tho grave to demonstrate its ruinous absurdity. Fortunately The Age was able to do more than discorn the emergent character of tlio demand for a now national policy. That most people could do whose vision extended beyond the range of a hat's. Wo were able to rouse Parliament and people to a resolute cfl'ort to reverse tho past and to take serious counsel for the future. The revolution and tlio new "National Polioy" canto two years ago, when Mr. Wheeler Bet aside all tho effete declarations of tlio old engineering sohool and began to build his railways at less than half of the professional estimates. It certainly is a little comical, then, in view of facts so trite as tliesc, to see the Rip Van Winkle of Australian journalism rising up after the event, rubbing his old eyes and crying out for a now " National "Railway Policy," of all tilings in tho world, one of cheap rail ways. And tho humor of the situation is heightened by tlio remem brance of the fact that in his dull and purposeless way Rip had always done his sleepy best to prevent every change of construction or management. Wo have been at somo pains in another column to compile a brief record of tho hackings and fillings of the organ which servos for tlio Tory mind on railway matters. That chronicle is a marvellous instanco of the advocacy of opposite things at almost the samo time. It may not he very instructive ; but, read as a chapter of " Conservative contradictions " it will not bo without its entertainment, and it will at any rate set out in a broad, light tlio impudance of tlio unvoracity that claims to preacli at the end of 1893 a national policy, tho very basis of which it regularly danounccd for years, and up to within a few months ago. For at least two years, as wo have said, this colony has been building cheap linos of railway, in spite of tho ' perpetual declarations of tlio Conservative Mentor in tho Press that such lines would not pay. Hero, for example, aro a few of poor Rip's querulous plaints, uttered in his feebly forciblo way in reply to the demands of The Age for cheap methods of construction : — > " It is idle to say that tlio State can construct and work cheaply. " " It may ho claimed that the price will ho reduced in tho future j but tho inquirer may look all around in vain for tho justification of tbiB beiiof." "Wo have had ohoap lines built to Parliamen tary order hero before, and we know what became of them." " Wo do not bollove that the Stato can either build or work theso low priced railways." " It ia absurd to talk about hujldiuc linos for £3000 per milo." "Wo know from oxparionoo that the cry of ' Cheap Lines ' is a mockery, a delusion and a snara, " These are a few choice samples of Con servative railway wisdom. Tlio dates and roferonoos are ail given elsewhere. They, are a pretty commentary on tlio qualifica tions of a prophet who not only failed to boo 24 hours in advance, hut who could not perceive the actual facts transpiring around him. At tiie vory time that these - cheap railways were derided as impossible tlicy were in course of accomplishment. Our new Mailoo lines aro nqw successfully working, and they have cost very little over £2000 a milo. In a few weeks tlio Bculaii lino, of the samo make, will ho sending down the stored up grain of last year, and this year's crop also. Tho supremo joke is that in tlio prosenco of these actualities Rip wakes out of his disturbed sleep with an inspiration that it is possible to build cheap railways, and gravely argues the thing out on paper as something requiring demonstration. The innocence with which this is put forward may account for tlio want of graco to express sorrow for having in the past used all his ineffectual force, as tho above quotations testify, to prevent the adoption of that polioy, It is just tho same when we leave the question of construction and go to that of management. There is a perpetual fluc tuation and contradiction of ideas. If Constancy lives in realms above, as tho poet tells us, Conservatism with its endless vacillations must cry to us " out " of the depths." 'We wqro told on the question of reducing freights and fares-- " Kvonts must further develop themselves before reductions can be thought of." — 1889. "There ban bo no reductions of freights so long as deficiencies exist." — 1800. "We have political end unrtmunerattve freights."— 1890. " Lvsry suburban mayor ... 1b full of piteous reproaches " for lower fares.— 1893. " High rates have disappointed them, and it Is impossible to gee how they havo benefited the publio."— 1893. "The railways must be mads to pay their own expenses."— 1889. " Oommercial principles should of course prevail In railway administration, hut there should be a limitation when private interests aro vitally affected." — 1893. " No railway system in Australia but pays itg working expanses and a great deal more." "The railways of the Ootopus Bill are not es a Whole paying a penny of interest," " The American system has its obvious advan tages." — April, 1893. "Thore is no oooasion then to go outside the colony."— December, 1893. Wo venture to say that In those utterances, which might easily ho added to 'by thq score, thero is a chaos of contradiction which reveals the entire absenoc of every settled idea as to what should he done or left undone. Only in September lost we were assured, with all. the old -accustomed infaliiblo solemnity, that any " big "scheme" of construction would bo "sheer folly, inasmuch as the great " want is a population profitably to " work to find traliio for tlio lines already " built." This utterance is but just over two months old, and now we are told that all " tiie pcoplo's savings " should bo invested in now linos, so that it " would " ho a saered duty to select thorn fairly, to " construct them ab a proper prico, and to " work them with economy." Wo are ovon instructed as to tlio length that wo may go. Wo aro to spend £700,000 a year in making and equipping new rail ways at about £3000 a milo, or about 230 milos por annum. When from this "liig scliomo" we glance back only two months, and find tlio same authority assuring us with preternatural acutenoss that such a policy would be " sheer folly," as tlio great want is a popu- lotion "to find traffic for tlio linos already built," wo got a glimpse of the utter con fusion of thought which directs Conserva tive counsels. Tho "shoor folly" 0f Soptombcr is " tho now National Policy " of tho Pantomime season. Can any man wonder why it is that a journal which exhibits from year's end to year's end this impotcncy of purpose, this mani- fest ignoranoo to-day of what it thought and said yesterday, has dwindled in public ' estimation until its iniluonco has reached tho disappearing point? This accounts for why it is that when such a political pantaloon -Ota "Of avis), Mlo nrnM.mnt;,,., of a " Now National Railway Policy," even politeness itsolf is compelled to laugh in ita bIcovc. Low as is the price of wheat, and small as arc tlio profits of our farmers, tho latter aro much bettor off than tho English or American wheat grower at tlio present moment. According to all tho precepts of tho free-trade people, the cost of tho production of wheat por bushel ought to ho much loss in England, whore free- trade prevails, than in other countries where, if wo are to believe the free traders, protection odds heavily to tho cost of production. The English farmer has no duties to pay upon iiis agricultural machi nery, or his clothes, oranyothornecossaries. IIo should therefore produce that much cheaper than tho Victorian farmer if free- trado is a truo polioy. It will therefore come as somowhab of a surprise to agricul turists who have been listening to tho specious talcs of the " freo:trado rump," to learn that tho primo cost of tlio growth of a quarter of wheat in free-trade Essex is 31s. lOd. per quartor. In other parts of tho country fannors who own land are found stating that 30s. will hardly pay thorn a profit wore it nob for the straw, which is a consideration in tho present season of scarce and dear fodder. Yet our farmers sell their wheat at much less, and though present prices are abnormally low, still at 24s. per quarter — that is, 3s. por bushol on the farmer — the return would bo fair. Suroly lie farmer, when he contom. plates tho largo difference between tho cost of production in a free- trade and a protected country, will he led astray by tlio fallacies of the men who are seeking to destroy Victorian industrios. But this is not all, for in another protected country the cost of production is still loss. Owing to the impossibility of obtaining ad vances from the hanks in America afterPresident Cleveland hadshakon public confidence by his threats of introducing free-trade, wo have the testimony of a farmer in Washington Torritory that lie was obliged to accept the equivalent of 13s. fid. per quarter for his wheat be cause ho was unablo to obtain accommodation from the hanks ab any reasonable rate of intorest to onablo liini to hold it. Wo must suppose that this farmer did not sell his wiioat at a loss, low as was tlio price ho obtained. Yet lie livos in a protected country, and the farmer of free-trade England cannot mako a profit at 30s., or considerably more than double, even whan ho lias to pay no rent. Of course tho present low price of wheat Jins nothing to do with free-trade or pro tection at all. Tho depression is due to the over production of tlio last few years, and to tlio great reduction in tlio cost of the methods of wheat growing. Tlio latter cause will never disappoar, bub the great increase of production will not con. tinuo. It lias already ceased ia tho United States, where the area under cultivation no iongor increases, although the population gains a largo annual addition. The number of mouths to ho fed all over the world is rapidly increasing, and will no doubt before many years outstrip the an nual addition to the cultivable area. Besides, farmers are turning thoir attention to growing ninny other products besides wheat, as well as the turning out of butter, cheese, wine and similar hitherto neglected articles, llenco it is not likely that the present low prices will always continue. Then will arise the question as to the country which enn produco at the lowest prico witlm fair profit to the farmer, and it is pretty evident that that country will not bo free-trade England. Every mall brings us roportB of meetings at which resolutions lamenting the present deprcs- sion, and stating it to ho a national misfortune, aro passed, At Peter borough market tho other day wheat sold "at less than the price that tho farmers gave for provonder for their horses, pigs and cattlo. Lord Winchelsoa, in addressing a meeting, said that the present state of agriculture was a national disaster, or it was still tho greatest English industry, and more capital was embarked iu it, and more peoplo depended upon it, than on any other industry. The question of rent no longer arises, for within tho lost few years it has scarcely paid to cultivato the soil, even with no rent to pay. The agitation for somo kind of protection / is daily becoming more noisy, and the farmers are waking up to the straits to which free-trade lias reduced them. And yqt certain unpatriotic people have tho impudence to tqll our farmers that they are handicapped iu the markets qf the world by our protective system, whereas it is beyond question that the cost of producing wheat in a free- trade country is infinitely greator than in a protected one. Fiftyyears of freo.tradq have almost destroyed British agriculture, have driven her farmers to the States, to Canada and to other protected lande where they aro producing at half tho cost tlio wheat which might be grown at homo, and yet the fallacy of free-trade is not quite dead. Bad as is the present outlook here for the farmer, it ia infinitely hotter 'than in Eng land or in America, since Mr. Cleveland has shaken confidence by his threats of destroying her industries by depriving her of the blessings of protcotion. 