LILYDALE V. CANTERBURY". On Wednesday the annual match boi Aceu th J Lilydale and Canterbury clubs took place on the Lilydale groun l. The visitors arrived by the early morning train aud spent the foieuoon in viewing the sccncty in aud around Lilydale. In the afternoon they assembled on the football ground to play the match. The weather was beautiful and there was a very large attendance. Oil "lining up" it was found that Canterbury could only muster 1G men, and substitutes were found for them. Lilydale took the Iield with ]<S men. There was a good stiff breeze blowing down the ground, and the captain of the visitiug team, winning the tv- ss, decided to kick to the southern goal. As soon as the game commenced, Canterbury prevailed and carried the ball to the eastern wing, and then attacked the Lilydale posts, and soon succeeded in scoiing a behind. The visitors kept up the attack, but a free kick to \V. Morton, caused centre play, and then Clements had a show to score for Lilydale, but " mulled." Fertiller also had a shot, but the ball was carried around the wing, and Lilydale defended. From S JIUC good p'A}" the Canterbury boys scored another minor point. Up to the call of quarter time Lilydale defended. QUARTER TIME. Lilydale—0 goal U behind. Canterbury—-0 goal 2 belauds. Lilydale, with the v. ind in their favor, soon attacked, J. Morton sending the ball up, and then scoring a behind, liy some really good play the visitors carried the ball to the other end, and after some gen end play, Fraucks scored fi st jca' f >r Canterbury. On the ball being bounced. It. Morton passed to Lawless, and this player took a flying shot, and was successful in obtaining a goal, the ball just rolling through. ]u [day, aud Clements, with a good kick, scored a behind, and tli 'i. Stennett scored another lucky goal for the houie team. Lilydale kept up with a vigorous attack, and ivas met with a stubborn resistance. Yv. JJeer scored a behind. HALF TIME. Lilydale—2 goals 2 behiuds. Canterbury—1 goal 2 fcchincis. On resuming, it was seen that RobciIs had taken his place in the Lilydale team. The wind had lessened considerably, and the Canterbury players gave a good exhibition of marking and passing. 'J hejquickly attacked, but Robertson relieved for a time, but the leather was piloted back again and Francks scored a behind. Lilydale uot it away, and after some scrimmaging 15. Poyncr secured ami Ijootcd a ^oal. Rail bounced, ami Herman to Fratitks and goal. In play, and Ibjb.i Is to Lawless, but the latter made a bad kick, ami a behind was scored from liio ruck. Tin: play now became general, and honors were even at the -jail of time. 1 | j j THREE QUARTER TIME. Lilydale—4 goals o behiuds. Canterbury—2 goals 3 behiuds. Canterbury led off, aud then K. Olivetput ill good uork on the wing and pass-.d to the forwards, Lawless notching a minor point. Hy little niaiks the visitors aitacked the Lilydale ghosts, but only sofM'vd -• bekjjjjl. Kicked oil", and R. Oiiver siu>ne out with a good run round the wing, and W. Beer scored a behind. Lilydale sLill attacked, and behiuds were scored by Fertiller, Lawless, and R. Morton. Canterbury then carried the play to the other end, but It. Oliver again put in good work oil the wing and passed to Fertiller, {who scored a behind. Lilydale kept their opponents on the defensive until tUe call of time. FINAL RESULT. Lilydale—4 goals 9 behiuds. Canterbury—2-goals 4 behiuds. For Lilydale, Stennett, .Johnston, J. and W. Mortou, Rodgers, R. Oliver, Robertson, Itoberts, and Clements were the most prominent, while Francks, Stock, liaikcrstou, P. Reid, Helivig, Aiithoncss, Downton, and Kennedy worked hard for the visitors. Mr J. Poyuer acted as cai.tral umpire, and Messrs J. Ward and Bulitho as goal umpires. ° 