HALL FaoiRlA CORREsroNSENT... The festivities of Christmas are all over,; once more. It seems a great pity that Christmas should. fall during the busiest time of the year-sheairing ami :l harvest. Evorything out, hero was very quiet, no dne waLl very merry, and pleasantness' and good. feeling abounded with all I met. There was'. a good roll up of men, women, and cliildlen of all ages as per arrangement, on the flat, to knock up amtiseiment asbest they could, on ,Boxing Day, and as far as I could judge, everyone put in a very enjoyable time, and went home with light.hearts and cleatr helOlis. By.tlhe- iy, r am not so soure about that, either, when I conm to collect my thoughts. A strange story' was 'related to- me the other day. by an old friend of mine, and though it is romantic many of the. details that would prove it triu, ipst hbe odmitted. My friend is not giveinito snake yarns, nor does he suffer from deliriumz' tireense, else I should never havre listened to him,;; He'told me that on nmoro thhn one occasion, not a thousand miles from here, a very peculiar, ugly, hugo animal, has been :seen by. him, sneaking about old log fences, among rocks, hollow trees, &c.;, .bearuing rusemblancd to thie orthodox hermit, with sly, cunning,: snake like eyes, and hairless head- sometimes :he carries something like a walking-stick' in Iris hand. At this descriptionr Ibegan to'lautli, and said, £ WVell, Bob, .1 suppose it was only some old forlorn' bachelor that you saw.' This made Bohb :indighazt, :and he excitedly replied, '-Do, bachelors go about lizzard-like, on all fours ? Or sneak into log fences ? :)r. crawl into hollow trees like snakes do I No, Tom ; we bachelors may be eccentric, but this resembles the descriptions of: those animals Darwin sought after so, mush, that half and half thing, the missing link.' I asked him would ho show it ine. ' Show it to you ? No ; why the thing appears,' and disappears again, just hke a ghost. ',If you want to see it you noust watch like I.did; but by Jove, you'll have to :be pretty cute, or you will scarcely get a glimpse of him.' And then Bob's brain anil, tonguo bolted; he raved for several minutes, and spoke so fast thal it was impossible to understand all he rambled about. The nmain.drift' was sad, and I caught something like this- Beautiful girl . . . a perfect angel . . fit fora a palace . . .. . blasted amid d ivithere' S. . 'what a shame . ' . . failing away Angels weeping. . . I intarrupted hia with, ' Bob, Bob,' my boy, whatever ·jealous lit has turned your ' brain.?' He answered, '!Tom, mny brain is not turned nor am T jealous, ias you pretend to' think; but you just writchl that roat pony, and he will explain.' ThenB3nb loft me; and as lhe turned away, driven by thliforco of his sup. pressed emotion, the long-rasbrained ?.tears could be seen trickling reluctantly downt his oheok. There is but one conclusion to be drawi, either Bob, or s'oicono else, is off his head. The new yoar has dawned' upon us with a beautifully cool.oastorly breeze.. The .old year's: farewell blessing was' showers' of praeoious rain, which. was very much:'noedetl for maizepotatuoes, otc., but it was to6 late to do the wheat crop much good, so the farmers say. It is also- said' that the wheat yield ivill be far lhss that was aniticipated, o?wing to the late severe whids. ,Jan. 2nd, 1893.. Confectionery Dages may -be obtained ;at the MAe Oi1ce, Queanboyn,.*. 