; Novelist. ' & MYSTERY SOLVED. j w DETECTIVE STORY. JBy SPB0T3TTH." — V CHAPTER V. A few moments' thought convinced Dash ol pne fact. : The girl whose dead body he had found on the beach was really a corpse ; and again, re- < markable as the fact was, he was convinced that the girl before him was no ghost, but a real flesh-and-blood counterpart of the lovely creature whose pallid features he had gazed npon under the moonlight upon the lonely beach. He was astounded at the remarkable resem blance and satisfied that there was some mys- eterious connection between the ghastly dead and the marvellously lovely living, he deter- . mined to solve the mystery. While coming to this resolution, he had been Standing just within the door-way, gazing at the giri. j The latter appeared fo be in the company of jtwo gentlemen. j Her companions were remarkable-looking men, evidently foreigners. ! One, was tall and slender, while the other jtras short and thick-set. ' Both possessed swarthy complexions, dark, piercing eyes, and raven-black hair. ; Kingston still stood gazing at the fair girl, .when the attention of one of the men was di rected to ward him, Seeing that he had attracted attention, Dash turned npon his heel and- walked slowly down' the long hall toward the stairway. At the head of the stairs he halted. He had observed that the girl was robed in a travelling dress,and it struck him that possibly the party might be just upon the eve of depar- jture, and he felt that it would not do to let them go without ascertaining snmpthinj- Jmnt them. While he was still standing there, and con sidering what course he should take to accom plish his pupose, he heard a step approaching along the hall, and, upon turning, discovered .that the newcomer was the taller of the two imen whom he had seen in company with the igirL As the man passed Dash to ascend the stairs, he fastened on the latter a steady, enquiring glance. "I reckon that fellow will know me again when he sees me," was the muttered comment of the young map, as he started to descend the stairs. . From the fact that the man had passed him, Dash considered that the party had but just arrived, instead of being on the point of depar ture, and he determined to postpone his enqui ries until a more opportune occasion. Our hero was an expert billiard player, and, having nothing particular_to _ do. strolled, into the billiardroom. He had been seated there but a short time, when the stranger who had stared at him so impudently came into the zoom also. The latter took a seat directly opposite Dash, and again fastened his gaze upon the young fellow in a fixed and impudent man- ner. j Our readers are all well aware that it is not a very nice thing to be impudently stared at by a total stranger, and Dash began to fed rather uncomfortable. For some time he paid no atteniion to the man, but directed bis gaze carelessly about the room ; but every time he glanced toward the Tnfln sitting opposite, he found the latter s gaze fastened upon him. Dash began to grow somewhat seriously an noyed by this offensive surveillance, and in re taliation he faced the man with a look as steady and impudent as his own. Thus for a few seconds the two men faced each other, until it became necessary for one or the other to speak. Dash was the one who decided to venture npon this experiment, and he said i " Are we acquainted, sir ?" "No," was the laconic reply. " Then why do you gaze at me in snch a manner?" " Because I choose to lwas the 1im pertinent ireply. _ " Well, I choose that you should' desist from looking at me in such a fixed manner; it is pffenssive," said Dash. : " I thought a few moments ago, when I saw you trying to stare a lady out of .countenance, ithat yon approved of such little (pleasantries," said the man. Dash instantly recollected that' he had stared at the man's companion, and being a frank, generous iellow, not at all quarrelsome, natu rally he thought that an explanation was due, and he said : "Euan give a good reason for«my seemingly impertinent conduct, sir." 1 "I should like to hear it," answered the man. " The young lady whom I saw in your com pany bears a remarkable resemblance to an other person whom I met under peculiar cir cumstances." Upon hearing this reply the dark face of the istraager became livid. His lips were bloodless, and a fierce, threat ening light gleamed in his eyas as he said, in a low, husky voice t "As you have offered this expiration, will you please go still further, and explain under what circumstances you met the. lady who you :say resembles my nieoe?" "I did not say that it was a lady," replied 'Dash, with provoking coolnebs. "Well, will you state who) it was?" "I do not think that I wall, junder present Circumstances. " f " I may compel you to4"wasj$he fierce ra ' Do not jttovpkemo tod f», youhgman; it mnyprove dangerous." "It ie yourself who had "tetter be careful! You are a stranger to me, and you have thrust this conversation upon me,"replied Dash King- No, sir; you were the aggressor; you in sulted a lady under my charge. " " That is false 1" "Do you give me the lie ?" "I would serve you right if I were to give you the palm of my glove on your cheek," said Dash, angrily. "No ; you are a loafer ; you dare not strike a trentleman." This was the first time that such an epithet had ever been applied to the young man, and his blood boiled. Urged by a sudden passion, he advanced and raised his band, intending to at least crush the stranger's hat over his eyes, when the latter suddenly sprung from his seat, and rushing at the younger man, struck a powerful blow at him. Dash was quick-eyed and an expert boxer, . and throwing out his left arm he warded off the blow, and with the right hand knocked the other's hat off. His antagonist did not stop to pick np his hat, but whipping out a pistol hastily cocked it, and a tragic result must have followed had not a gentleman rushed in just at that moment who seized hold of the would-be assassin, say ing, m a firm voice : "Stop ! you must not shoot." The man who had thus opportunely inter fered in on behalf of our hero, proved to be the short, thick-set man, who had also been a com panion of the young lady who had made such a remarkable impression upon Dash. The last comer spoke in broken English, and in a very rapid manner. As he turned the weapon aside, and while still holding the arm of his friend, he turned toward Kingston, and asked : " What is the trouble ?" " Yon must ask your friend," returned our hero. r You must be careful, my friend will kill you P " I think not," was the quiet reply " But he would have killed you had I not come." "You did not save my life but yonr friend's," replied Dash, and as he spoke he showed a pis tol in his hand, adding: " Before your friend could have raised his arm, sir, lie would have been the victim of this. I have dealt with assassins before, and I am always prepared for them." " My friend is not an assassin. You must have insulted him grossly, or he would not have attempted to kill you." This scene occurred in jtlic middle of the day; there was no one in the room at the moment the actual outbreak occurred, and con sequently the above conversation passed with out lieing heard, except by those taking part in it. In answer to the assertion of the stout man, Dash said : . " It was yonr friend that insulted me ; and the best thing you can do is to take him away with yon." While the above conversation was transpir ing the tall man had restored his pistol to his- pocket, and stood with folded arms gazing at Dash with a glance that was menacing, and meant danger at fome future time. The stout man seemed to possess a wonder ful influence over him, and it was only at his friend's request that he was induced to put up his weapon. A short conversation now took place between the two men, in the Spanish tongue. Our hero was a fine Spanish scholar, find, un-. known to them, heard and understood every word that passed between them. ' What led to the trouble ?" asked the thick set man of the tall one. " That man recognised Gertine !" was the reply. " Recognised Gertine ? Impossible !" "Yes ; but he admitted that he did." "You have been fooled, Alonzo." " No ; I tell you he said that he had seen her before." "Then he was making sport of yon. It is impossible that he could have seen her before, and no one should know that fact better than you." | "Ah, but you do not understand he said that he had seen some one who looked so much like her that he could almost swear that it was the same person. And to thee again, Del Fuer, none should know better than thou that there was but one person who looked so much like our Gertine." After a short silence, the stout man sanl : " Are you sure that you did not misunder stand the young man ?" " I am sure." "Well, Alonzo, remember that we have a quieter way of getting rid of a foe than shoot ing him down in the street." " I cannot be goaded." " But you must not be rash ; you must apolo gise. We must make a friend of him ; then, if . we cannot use him, we can remove him without any noise." Dash congratulated himself on having been taught the Spanish language, and at tho same time came the thought that to bo forewarned is to be forearmed. "I will go— you are are cooler than I ; you . make him you friend," said the tall man. The tall man moved away as though urged to do so by his — 1 — 'latter turned u Dasn and said : "You must forgive my friend ; come, let you and I be on good terms." Dash thought that, under the circumstance, he was quite justified in dissembling, and took the Spaniard's hand. He also had a game to play, and being on his guard, he was willing to take long chances to win. CHAPTER VI. "You will forgive my friend?" said the Spaniaed. " I will forgive him on condition that he apologises. " lie shall do so, but not to day. He is too much excited. But corner you and I must be friends. I like your looks, and I feel that I can like yon too." " I am willing to be friendly with anyone who is friendly towards me," said Dash, in an easy, off-hand manner. "I wish to be friendly toward you, and I am sorry that my friend bad this trouble with you ; I beg that you will tell me how it came about." " Well. I saw a remarkably beautiful girl, and I merely indulged a gentleman's privilege in admiring her for a moment; from a dis tance." " Yes, Gertine is beautiful — very beautiful ; but my friend says that you stared at her." " It is possible that I did gaze at her very intently for a moment, but I meant no offence and I had an excuse for so doing." " Yes, yes, I know that you did ; but I pray you tell me what it was that attracted you so ?" "Her resemblance to another person." " Ah, yes ; that is a common mistake. But tell me, does she resemble a lady friend?" " Since thinking tho matter over, sir, I have come to the conclusion that this young lady does not resemble any one whom I ever knew, said Dash, evasively. " Then vou made a mistake ?" The Tnan Del Fuer fixed a penetrating glance upon Dash when he asked this last question, and Dash looked exceedingly innocent and in different as he replied : n " y"es ; we will say that I made a mistake. " I think that such is the case, for my child has been in Australia but a few days." Some further conversation of a similar char acter to that above described followed between Dash and the man Del Fuer. After an interval Dash found an opportunity to make the acquaintance of the clerk of the hotel, when he sought to find out something concerning the mysterious strangers. The clerk could furnish him but little satis faction. He said that the guests had arrived only that morning, and that he had seen but little of them. " From whence did they come ?" he ashed, v !>' jsy ty ' . y How tua tney register?" - - " I ' "Ab Pedro Del Fuer, and A. Gomez and niece." " That is strange," said Dash. " What is strange ?" enquired the clerk. "Wliy, that the stout man, whose name ii Del Fuer, should say that the girl is his daugh ter." "She may be, for all I know ; but she was not registered as liis daughter." Dash, after a little adroit dodging to avoid suspicion, managed to discover the number of the apartment occupied by the strangers, and obtained a room adjoining theirs. He resolved to fathom the inystrry to the bottom. Of one thing he was certain. The two Spaniards were villains and assas sins, and certain indications led him to believe that the death of the murdered girl could be traced directly to them. This fact was plain to him, but the mysteri ous secret was, what connection had that lovely counterpart of the dead with the crimes of the two men. Was she linked with tliem, or was she also a victim whom they were waiting ap opportunity to assassinate. And again, from whence came this marvellous resemblance. These wore the thoughts that agitated Dash Kingston s mind upon the night following the fracas in the b'lliard saloon, as he retired- for the night to his room, adjoining the. one occu pied by the two men whom he had already mentally pronounced murderers. In his mind Dash thought the girl was only a victim, and not a confederate ; and he re solved to keep upon the track of the parties, learn the truth, and rescue the girl at all haz ards, if his conclusions should in the end prove correct. Dash had been some time in his room, and was sitting upon the side of his bed musing upon the facts above stated, when he was startled by bearing voices in the adjoining room. He was on the point of making a noise, so as to notify the. parties in the next room that they might be overheard, when he was startled by hearing a- smothered scream or cry for help. All scruples at once vanised. He bad previously observed a hole in the partition where a stove-pipe had once passed through, and leaping npon a chair, he.put his face to the aperture and glanced into the room from whence the smothered cry for help had come. The gas was turned on at full blaze, and our liero was once more surprised and as tounded by a startling discovery. Upon her knees upon tho floor, with her hands clasped and raised in a beseeching man ner, was the girl Gertine ; while over her, with gleaming eyes, and a face convulsed with an ger, stood a woman evidently past thirty years of age, but one of the most elorious beauties that the dazzled eyes of Dash liad ever gazed upon. At length the latter spoke, and her words were in the Spanish tongue : but, fortunately, as our readers will remember, our hero was an excellent Spanish scholar, aud had no difficulty in understanding every word that was spoken. " So you will still dare to rebel against my authority ! said the elder woman from be-, tiveen her clenched teeth. " No, no 1 I will not rebel against you, Isa bel. But why make me be obedient to those dreadful men ?" was the trembling response. "You forget that Don Alonzo is my rela tion." "But he is a stranger to me." " No, lie is not ; he often fondled you when you were a child, but you have forgotten him. Yon used to be fond of him once." " I hate him now !" was the abrupt exclam ation. " Hist 1 be careful 1 Do not do.ro to say that again, or I will make you sorry !" "You are cruel, and you will teach me to hate you." " Gertine, you will regret every word yon are now uttering." " I will regret my last words now if you will only take me to some place where I will never sec that man again." ' "Once again I warn you, Gertine." " If you do not heed my prayer I will flee away alone." " What is that you say, child ?" " I say, that if you do not take me to some place where I will never see that man again, I will-fly away and find one myself." " Ah ! Well, I am glad that you told me. And now, listen to me — if you ever attempt to escape from my care and kindness, I will find you." 41 Oh, Isabel! you never spoke to me nor treated me in this cruel manner until that man crossed our path," murmured Gertine. "I cannot remain to argue longer with you to-night, Gertine, but I shall lock you in this room, and if you utter the least outcry or make the faintest attempt to escape I will do what I threatened. Now mind !" As the woman uttered the last words, she gave Gertine a push that knocked her over upon the floor, and then the elderly woman left the room. After the door had closed, behind Isabel, as the younger girl had called her, Dash heard the key distinctly turned in the lock, securing the door from the outside. Full half an hour passed, during which Ger tine remained sobbing upon the floor, while Dash retained his j position at the aperture ; watching her. At length the girl suddenly started to her feet. Her beautiful eyes were still filled with tears, but a . resolute expression rested upon her features, as she exclaimed in excellent Eng lish: " I will fly from this bondage, even if I have to leap out of the window. She crossed the room and tried the door. It was locked. "lama prisoner ! Would that I had the strength to wrench that lock off. Once away from these people and I would take such pnecau tions that they should never find me again," she murmured. An idea struck Dash. Leaping down noiselessly from his perch, he secured the key from his own door, and re mounted to his position. As lie glanced a third time into the room a sight met his gaze that caused his heart to cease pulsating, and the blood to curdle through his veins with icy coldness. lie sought to utter an exclamation of warn ing, but his jwwers of speech were suddenly stricken dumb. Wild despair surged in his heart, when once again, though unable to speak, a happy idea struck him, and he made one last effort to save a human life. CHAPTER VII. The sight which met the gaze of our here was one well- calculated to freeze the blood in the veins of one more accustomed to scenes of horror than be was. Before a mirror in the room, located directly opposite the spot from whence he was gazing, 6tood the young girl. Her eyes were dilated with some fearful reso lution, and her features were set and fixed like those of the dead, while an ashen hue added to their death-like appearance. In her hand was grasped a naked stiletto, whose long, slender blade glittered in the gas light like polished silver. The expression of her face and her sHOode left no doubt as to her terrible purpesci Her hand was uplifted, the dagger was truly poised, and its point was aimed directly at her heart. This was the sight that curdled the blood around Dash Kingston's heart, and caused his tongue to cleave helpless to the roof of his mouth. A few seconds only passed : a few more and it would be too late to utter a warning cry, and he was stricken speechless ' with horror. It was at this moment that a lucky thought struck him. He could, not use his tongue, but his arm was subject to his will. In his hafldjie held the key of his room. - tunate inspiration thatcaused him to throw it through the pipe-hole into the adjoining room. With a sharp click it struck against a porce lain pitcher, and slid off upon the floor with a second sound. The girl heard the fall, and with a low, smothered cry she lowered the murderous blade, and turning about, fixed her gaze upon the little tarnished piece of brass. "It is a key ! Heaven must have sent it for my deliverance!" she exclaimed, with gladness. Gertine proved herself instantly to be a young lady of nerve and coolness. It was evident- that desperation had led her to seek to take her own life ; but now that a chance for escape by other means presented it self,' a new hope appeared to find lodgment in her heart. Stealthily she crossed the room on tiptoe, and inserted the key in the lock. It fitted, and the bolt yielding to the pres sure, a way of escape was open. Satisfied that she could open the door, the girl returned and commenced deliberately to pack a small valise. While Dash watched the process of packing, he beheld a Bight that once again astonished and surprised him. Besides quantities of rare and valuable jewels, the girl placed a large roll of money in the valise,after having transferred several notes to her portmonnaiq, evidently for immediate necessities. At length her preparations seemed satisfac tory and complete. Then, as a final matter, she dropped upon her knees beside her valise, and appeared to indulge a few moments in silent supplication. Having concluded her short devotions, she rose to her feet, seized her valise, and on tip toe moved to the door, opened it, and passed Out. Dash Kingston had left Sydney in a great hurry, and had not burdened himself with any superfluous baggage. He was in marching order, and the moment the girl left her room he also leaped down from his place of observation, seized his satchel, and with a noiseless tread started to open his door, when, lo ! the truth flashed upon his mind that ho was locked in. He now remembered that he had locked his room door upon first entering it, and when he had seized his key to assist his beautiful neigh bour he had not stopped to unlock it. Dash was not a swearer habitually, but a naughty word did fall from his lips when the conviction settled upon his mind that he was really a prisoner. "Hang my pig-headedness ! this is a pretty state of affairs. Here I have released one per son only to imprison myself," he exclaimed. Dash, however, was not a person to be easily discouraged. He was full of expedients, and hastily open ing his satchel, he drew forth a long- bladed knife, and inserting the steel in the key-hole quickly, had the satisfaction of hearing the bolt fly back. .How little do we poor mortals know how often some trifling annoyance portends some direful calamity. . Dash Kingston was greatly annoyed by the little accident that had made him a moment ary prisoner, and yet, had it not so happened he would have been a prisoner in a more serious manner. At the very moment that he was fumbling to get out, a man passed his door and moved slowly along the hall to another room, search ing for the very room occupied by Dash at that moment. A misunderstanding of the information given him by the clerk of the hotel had sent him to the wrong room. Had he met Dash in the hall he would have recognised him, but at the moment Dash passed out the man was at the other end of the hall, and when he did return to the single room its occupant was gone. The mysterious man was a Sydney detective, and he bore with him a warrant for the arrest of a murderer. TO BE CONIIKUED.j 