The Adbertiser TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1893. It is well that the Assembly should give special attention to the revenue and ex-<*> penditure account of our railways. They are responsible for a good deal mere than half of the public debt, and on their successful management depends to a large extent the degree of ease with which we can meet the interest payments on our liabilities to British capitalists. Mr. Grainger on Thursday last dealt thought fully with ;.the question, and doubtless others will follow in his footsteps. It will be necessary, however, for investi gators into the mysteries of Government returns to beware of certain pitfalls which appear to exist for the discomfiture of the unwary. Some returns show the earnings of the railways and others the revenue actually paid into the Treasury, and these figures never correspond for any given period, sometimes one and sometimes the other return exhibiting the larger amount. Then certain statements give simply the revenue from the railways themselves, while others include such items as rents of railway property, dues from railway jetties, and wharfs, &c.; The magnitude of the railway figures rela tively to the totals in the financial state ment of the Treasurer is evident when we remember that we have represented in the railways a capital cost of £11,679,637, or as already mentioned, more than fi«lf the total public debt; but there is no doubt that they form a thoroughly good asset at the cost price. The railway revenue in 1890-1 amounted to £1,229.598 out of a total revenue for the year of under 2| millions sterling. Last year the railway revenue was £205,815 less than in the previous year, and this sum alone, without considering the shortages in Customs and other receipts, more than represents the deficit on the year's trans actions. The original estimate of the railway income for 1892-3 was £1,250,000. Mr. Holder, in delivering his budget speech shortly after the strike at Broken Hill began, took off £50,000 on that ac count, while his successor, Mr. Rounse vell, after two months' further experience of the strike, and in view of the prospect of its continuance, reduced the estimate by another £120,000. At the end of the year, although the mineral traffic had practically couie up to the latest estimate, the other traffic had so fallen off owing to the disappointing harvest returns aud tho general paralysis of trade through the banking troubles, that the revenue was found to have been £57,000 less even than Mr. Bounsevell's estimate. To one cause alone, then, could the deficit be attributed, and that is the Broken Hill strike, which rendered our most profit able line of railway almost idle for some months of the year. If other sources of revenue were this year to be no more productive than they were in the abnor mally bad year which closed on June 30 last,yeb with.tbe railway revenue at its old level we could still show a surplus on an expenditure equal to that of 1892-3. The Treasurer, however, is cautious, and places his estimate of railway receipts for the current financial year about mid way between the amount realised in 1892-3 and that obtained the year before last. If nothing had happened in the silver market another £100,000 might have been added, but as it is the estimate is as high as it would bo safe to place it, even with the splendid harvest prospects. How Broken TTill has affected our railway revenue will be seen when we note that in 1886-7, before the mines were opened up, the total revenue froni railways was £595,102, the next year it rose to £883.713, and three years later it was £1,223,999. The train miles run increased in the same five years from just over two million miles to close on four million miles. It should also be remembered that during this period re ductions in the freights and charges were made more than once and to a considerable extent. Freightages on wheat, wool, ores, bullion, coke, and timber were largely re duced, with the result that the trade was rapidly developed. If the present volume of trade were done at the old rates the profits would be enormous, but of course any increase of the charges would diminish tiie tonnage at once. The net earnings ten years ago were £151,870. In 1890-1 they reached a rrmTrimnm o f £606,820, but slightly fell off the next year, and of course last year oiring to the strike, which knocked down the gross earnings but did not permit any material decrease of the expenditure, there was a considerable railing off. The imximnm was reached when the Broken Hill traffic was about equal up and down and there were few empty trains to haul, -but of late the traffic has been largely one way, and so the net earnings are not so good. Turning to expenditure we find that, without reference to the year just closed, for which the figures are not yet pub lished, the heading "general charges" shows the following results:—Per cent, to gross receipts during the last six years, 279, 2 23, 245, 2"22, 159, and 1*57 respectively, or a gradual decrease of a little over 1 per cent. " Traffic expenses " have in the same period gone down from 17 "58 per cent, of the gross earnings to 13"18 per cent., which is very satisfac tory. Locomotive power is about the same as it was six years ago. "Carriages and waggons" are down 1 per cent.; "way and works" are down from 18-46 to 15*20; and this also is decidedly satisfactory. The total work ing cost, which was ten years ago •58-73 per cent., and six years ago 64-23 per cent., was in 1891-2 53-82, or a decrease in six years of 10g per cent. It is gratifying to know that taking the records of the Australasian colonies South Australia has the pride of place in the smallness of average cost of working relatively to gross earnings. The apparent increase of work ing expenses of late years has little more than kept pace with the increased earn ings, and the cost would have diminished instead of rising but for three or four disturbing elements. The introduction of the eight hours system is responsible for some increase of cost without increased revenue. The large reduc tions of freight rates, on the other hand, have decreased the revenue without any diminution of working cost. Then faster trains have been run, and every one knows that that means extra cost. Again, there is a very important con sideration to a still greater extent affect ing the working expenses, which of course include renewals. The heavier and faster traffic of the hist three or four years has told severely on the lines which were never built for such work, and repairs and renewals have rapidly become neces sary, involving a large outlay. New sleepers have had to be put in, and new 80-lb. Eteel rails were also required. The relaying with this plant has been begun aud is still in hand. When the relaying with these heavy steel rails is completed the cost of maintenance will decrease rapidly, as not merely will there be saved the expense of the re newals but the rails will be equal to the heaviest and most speedy traffic, and will not neetl large outlay in keeping up. Much of the economy in working ex penses is due to complete control and supervision. Competent and active officers save their salaries many times over in the reductions they secure in the cost of work done under them both in labor and also in materials. There is now an abundant supply of rolling stock, and even with a phenomenally good season there is no doubt that the railways would still be equal to any strain which might be thrown upon them. All our railways do not of course pay their way, but fortunately those which do return sufficient to make up for those which fall short, and so the total result is satisfactory. At the same time it is clear that the department cannot fairly be asked to make any fresh reduction in rates of freightage. Although we have been realising a fair profit during the last few years we should not forget that there were many previous yearsduring which there was not a credit but a debit, and this has all to be wiped out. Then, as Mr. Grainger fairly enough said, where should we have been even now but for Broken TTfll ? The large traffic from the mines was a happy and unforeseen acci dent, and present conditions only too clearly indicate that it cannot be relied on indefinitely. Without that trade either working and other charges must be largely reduced or we cannot .continue to realise such profits as have come to us of late. It is just as well at a time like this to commence the pruning process and prepare for the inevitable. Probably it was with this in view that with a larger estimated revenue for the current year than was realised in 1892-3 the Government have asked in the Estimates for a smaller sum than was expended by the department last year. The Assembly has given indications that it will scan all the estimates more closely this year than usual, and in no depart ment will such action bo more important than in this. On the one hand extrava gance in expenditure must be avoided, but it is also essential on the other hand to preserve in full efficiency all the necessary official control and supervision. It is sometimes an exceedingly healthy thing as well for communities and institu tions as for individuals to meet with a little vigorous adverse criticism. From this point of view the Hon. John Fortescue administers to Australia a bitter but not unwholesome tonic in his article on " The New South Sea Bubble " recently contributed to the NinctceniJi Century. Some two years ago Mr. Fortescue commenced bis attack on Aus tralian financial institutions* devoting himself especially to the enquiry whether British investors in colonial bonds or banks were really adequately protected by the securities on which they advanced their money. The result of his enquiry was incidentally to lead him to the conclusion that the prosperity of Australia was by no means based on such stable foundations as borrowers and lenders had hitherto been equally willing to believe. Considerable indignation was excited at the time both in New South Wales and "Victoria—to which then as now Mr. Fortescue's criticisms were chieSy directed—by the tone of the writer's remarks. Sir George Baden Powell openly challenged his figures at the Royal Colonial Institute, and the leading press writers of Sydney and Melbourne used a good deal of ink in endeavoring to prove the absolute unim peachable credit of the great financial institutions which have their bead quarters in those cities. Yet between July, 189 L and March, 1892. no fewer than forty land mortgage, finance, build ing, and other associations of a similar class went into liquidation in Sydney and Melbourne. What has happened since is a matter of too painfully recent history to need recalling to recollection. Mr. Fortescue's present object is ad mittedly to sound a fresh note of warning in regard to what may be called governmental or State, as opposed to joint-stock or what he calls "quasi- private" finance. His contention is in effect that where the real or supposed private wealth of the com munity has such a marvellous capacity for becoming temporarily invisible or even evaporating altogether, the State collectively cannot give its creditors adequate guarantees for the punctual fulfilment of its undertakings. He is particularly severe upon New South Wales, showing how successive Trea surers have had yearly to face im mensely increasing deficits, until he says Government, Parliament, and people are hopelessly demoralised, and he quotes the Sydney Morning Herald to show that " there is a reign of general confusion." The State accounts are, he says, so pre pared as to be absolutely unintelligible, but looming out from the fog of figures he sees the black rock of a total confessed public indebtedness of £58,000,000. With regard to Victoria what especially alarms him is that no less a sum than £6,619,000 represents debt and interest to be paid in London and Melbourne next year. The total debt he puts down at £50,461,000. He foresees that both Vic toria and New South Wales must become heavy borrowers in the London market before long or make default in then payments. Queensland he considers to be in no better position, and the only colony for which he has a friendly word is South Australia, of which he says guardedly that it " seems to be in a more or less sound condition." This is faint praise, but after his references to "the pauper Government," as he styles it, of New South Wales, it sounds like the language of positive eulogy. In reply to the query as to the responsibility of the present 6tate of things Mr. Fortescue throws the blame on the colonial Governments primarily, though he admits that as far as the joint stock institutions are concerned, a certain measure of responsibility rests with British investors, who almost thrust the money upon colonial borrowers. On the whole he arrives at the melancholy conclusion that the colonies are totally unfit to manage their own financial affairs. This is not very pleasant reading, but so long as the borrower is the servant of the lender he must put up with an occasional lecture from his employer. Perhaps from want of space, but more probably from want of intimacy with the especial circumstances of Australian trade and commerce, Mr. Fortescue has said little as to the causes which have led up gradually to the present period of financial stringency. It is unfair to assume, as Mr. Fortescue 6eems to do, that the Australians are a reckless set of spend thrifts and gamblers, ready to squander the hoardings of virtuous Britishers with out regard to any prospect of repayment. The sober fact is that Great Britain has done remarkably well out of its loans to Australia wherever the colonial States have become responsible for repayment of cither principal or interest. Even so far as private or semi-private institutions are concerned, for whose stability the State offers no guarantee, the losses incurred by investors have been a mere iieabite by the side of the millions that within the last quarter of a century have been lost in similar ventures inside the geographical limits of Great Britain itself. We may frankly admit, as it has been frequently stated in these columns, that hind aud mining booms have played their part in leading up to the financial catastrophes that we have witnessed. But it would be wide of the actual fact to suppose that they have been wholly or even mainly the cause. Our most serious embarrass ments are clearly traceable to the alarm ing and continued fall in the prices rea lisable for our staple products. Whether we take wheat or wool or minerals, it is the same melancholy story of increased effort rewarded by diminished returns. Re duced purchasing power has checked the Customs returns, and depleted Treasuries have had to be replenished by taxpayers who were already at their wits' end by reason of reverses of fortune over which they bad no control. No colonial Govern ment could either foresee or guard against the leaps and bounds into abyssmal and unprofitable depths of the prices of wheat, wool, and silver. The actual conditions of Australian staples of the present day were wholly unexpected by both bor rower and lender. Still, as we have said, such criticisms as those of Mr. Fortescue serve a good end. They will force upon the consideration of Australian politicians the rapidly approaching necessity for joint action in regard to raising loans and more vigorous scrutiny as to the details of their application when raised. The Salvation Army takes high rank as a social and moral force. It has set itself to rescue men and women who otherwise would probably be left to perish. It translates the parable of the good Samari tan into the language of everyday life and acts it out. All along the highways and byways there are human beings who have fallen among thieves. They are lying in the dust stripped not only of their worldly possessions but very often of reputation, virtue, and eelf-respect. They are wounded in some cases by the violence of their own passious, by folly and icoor ance, and by the treachery or brutality of others. Many respectable people habitually re-enact the historic part of the priest and the Levite, gather their skirts closely around them and pass by as far as possible on the other side. Others, according to their tem perament^ bestow a coin, ajcrustjora. curse. A few actively interesb them selves to relieve each cases in various ways, but the rescue department of the Salvation Army is by far the most com plete and efficient organisation for that purpose. It has to start with a cheerful faith in human nature, and at the same time unlimited confidence in its own means and methods. The first of these qualifications Eaves its agents from despising the most despicable of those with whom they come into contact, and the eecoud keeps them from despairing in the face of occasional failure and constant difficulty. No matter how deep the wounds, if there is any life at all the possibility of healing them is cherished, and with strong arms to carry the weakly and mighty faith to hearten the hopeless, no case however desperate is readily abandoned. The record of a year's work by the social wing of the Army shows the department pervaded through and through by these principles. It tells of human beings who have been " won from the depths" of physical, social, and moral degradation, and made both respectable and useful members of the com munity. The statistics in some measure speak for themselves. They reveal a wide range of sustained effort, an organisation, with extensive ramifications and appliances that are being tested by experiment and improved as the result of experience. They suggest, however, far more than they disclose. No tabulation can set out in full and accurate detail what is gained when an habitual criminal is radically reformed, or a youthful offender is checked at the beginning of a swift descent and turned to the right about. The cash value of a man or a woman cannot be put down in figures, but if the worth of those who have been "saved" in the best cense were cast up the total would be enormous. The costliest thing there is in the State is crime, and the most expensive mem bers of it are the criminals. Rescue work therefore is literally economic reform. Yet this is only a part of the story and the most sordid aspect of the business, ffiiman happiness counts for something, and moral uplifting for a great deal more, and these also are matters which cannot be scheduled. The demon strativeness and self-assertion of the Army in its ordinary appearances render it unattractive to some good people. But behind all this and far less obtrusive there is an immense amount of solid service being done that merits high admiration. At hist night's meeting in the Town Hall the case for the Army was admirably stated by the Chief Justice. All true philan thropists must honor the self-denying zeal and sustained courage with which numbers of earnest workers are inspired. While others are theorising about social problems they are trying to solve them by practical efforts. Instead of waiting for a perfect plan they do their best with tlie means at command. If one experi ment fails, instead of giving in they go ahead and try another. This is the way to succeed. It is to be regretted that such a work should be hampered by want of funds. Straitened circumstances mean a great deal in this connection, and they have been felt very severely during the past year. The Army makes its appeal to the general public go. good grounds. It is doing a work of public utility and is not sparing itself or its resources. Self denial is inculcated and carried out systematically. For these reasons the claims it makes are worthy of special consideration. In the Legislative Council this afternoon Mr. Baker will question the Chief Secretary as to what lines of railway, or portion of lines of railway, axe at present worked at a loss (ex clusive of interest on cost of construction and rolling stock), and the amount of the loss in each case. Mr. Gordon will ask the Council to affirm the desirability of establishing a depot for South Australian wines and pro duce in liondon. Both the Bread Aot Amend ment and the Betterment Bills are down for the third reading, whilst the second reading of the much-discussed Pnblio Salaries Bill will be moved by the Chief Secretary. The notice paper is a foil ons and members will have plenty of business before them this week. There are half a dozen questions on the Assembly notice-paper for this after noon, the most complicated of them being that in the name of Mr. Archibald —" Is there any Act of Parliament which prevents public servants exercising their full rights as citizens ; if so, will the Attorney- General specify the Act or Acts, die clauses, and the regulations under the clauses (if any} which apply to the Eubjeot? 1 The pre liminary business having been disposed of Dr. Cookburn will move in favor of the establishment in Ixmdon of a depot for South Australian wines and produce. This matter has been often referred to in the House during the existence of the iast three Ministries, but it has never previously advanced to the dignity of a definite proposi tion. Although there ia believed to be a large majority in its favor, there will probably be warm discussion concerning the motion, as some of the talking members of the Chamber have announced themselves in opposition to in. Supply comes next, and when the Speaker has left the chair Sir John Downer will resume the debate on the budget speech. The Treasurer has requested that members shall come prepared to finish general criticism and pass the first line of the Estimates to-night, so that it is probable that the financial question will occupy the whole of the remainder of the Bitting. The House will rise between 10 and 11 o'clock. Should progress again be reported before the budget has been disposed of the debate on the second reading of the Land Values Assessment Bill will be resumed and, in the presence of the returned pilgrims from Pinnaroo, the division, postponed from last Tuesday, will probably be taken. When the Government business has been dis posed of Mr. Griffiths will move—" That a return be laid upon the table showing the number of Asiatic aliens (not including Chinese) who have entered South Australia proper each year (luring the five years ended June 30,1893, described as Afghans, Cingalese, Indians, Assyrians, or other Asiatics; also the number who have left the colony during the same period. 3' Private members' day shows a list of half a dozen znofdons, and a dozes orders of the day. Among the former are included a request by Mr. Catt for leave to introduce a Bill to pro i vide for Government loans on real estate, and a proposition by Mr. Giles—"That all chil dren, being educated in the Government schools, and having passed the standard, should be charged with the full coat of the education given after passing such standard." The latter having been duly considered Mr. White wfl) galvanise into life a forgotten ghost by moving—"That a Select Committee be appointed to ascertain as to who was responsible for the granting of special wheat rates to certain firms on Victorian wheat. 3' The same gentleman will also, if time permits, move that the report of the Vermin Commis sion be adopted, and that Ministers'salaries be reduced to £500 per annum, while he will ask for a return in respect to the cost of the eight hours system on the railways. After 4 o'clock one of the chief matters to be con sidered is the adjourned motion of Mr. Grainger in respect to the appointment of the Chief Jnafcieq as Governor, concerning which Mr. Homburg will resume the debate, and Mr. Ash will afterwards continue his record epee=h on the eubjecs of the disputed boundary. The member for Albert has still innumerable authorities to quote arid many columns of "Hansard" to fill up. Mr. White threatened before he departed for Pin naroo, to come back ready to talk the House over dmner- timo on Wednesday, supposing there was any disinclination to sit late, and it remains to be seen whether the pains, perils, and privations of the Pinnaroo pilgrimage have served to weaken his heroic resolution. If ! the adjournment comes before G. 30 many of the item? on the paper must necessarily be held over for future decision. The committee appointed to inspect and report on the Pinnaroo lands returned to Adelaide on Monday night after twelve days' jabeenoa, TJw country was ottefuUyi??pect?di the mfunhm* of the patty tiding and driving 323 miles within the four newly- declared hundreds in the county of Chandoe, and it was found that there is a luge extent of good agricultural land available for selection. It would, however, be useless for farmers to take up country in the vicinity of Pionaroo unless a railway ib promised by Parliament, while it will also be necessary to ensure a permanent water supply before any attempt is made to offer the country for selection. The committee bad fine weather throughout their trip, but all suffered more or less from the severe frosts experienced while they were omnpjffg out, while toe continuous exercise in the eaddle made several of the legislators a trifle nnoom f ortable. The committee intend to meet this morning at Parliament House, where they trill draft their report for presentation to the Housa of Assembly. The secretary to the Commissioner of Crown , Lands (Mr. G. S. Wright) has pointed out that Inspector J. V. Parkes took all reasonable precautions to ascertain whether the Mount Pleasant goldfield was likely to be of a per. ran-pan* A«nriw hrfmi? tiR rannmmeinifaii that any notion should be taken by the Government, and be was very strongly impressed with ib. - The prospectors put down 16 boles, out of '■ 13 of which they obtained gold. These hole? varied in depth from 2 to 8 ft. but no driving was done, and in some cases die whole of tin. washdirt was not taken oat of the bottom. Altogether over an ounce of the precious metal was secured, and this is now in tie pos-' session of Mr. Wright. Mr. Parkes is at pre sent engaged on a visit of examination &t; Angipena. On Monday morning a deputation, consist ing of representatives from the Collegiate Schools' Association, waited on the Chancellor of the University (his Honor the Chief Jnstioe) in reference to the postponement of the forth.'. coming preliminary examination on account of the epidemioof measles which is at present bo largely affecting the attendances at the schools. The Chancellor promised, after bearing the views of the various membersof thedeputatnon, to recommend the council to bold a supple mentary examination at a later date for those candidates who might be prevented from pre senting themselves for examination in Sep tember next. The names of all intending candidates who are at present unaffected by the prevailing sickness had to be entered yester day as prescribed by the regulations, bat an ex tension of time will probably be granted until Monday next for those candidates who are at present SL Members of the City Council were detained for an hour only on Monday afternoon, when the ordinary meeting of the council was held. Alderman Sketheway was elected chairman, owing to the absence of the mayor, and he had a somewhat tiresome experience, as councillor persisted in submitting a shower of amend ments to two or three simple motions, with the result that things were considerably mixed at times. However, the representatives of the ratepayers were in a good humor, and by mutual oonces?ions and explanations the exact position was defined and the votes properly recorded. Amongst the correspondence was a letter from the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who asked the council to express so opinion with reterenoe to the measures to be taken for the destruction of sparrows. The works committee will o^npid^r the aabjeot, and upon their decision wul be based the reply to be sent to the Commis sioner of Crown T.anrtn, The question of adopting electricity as a means of lighting the city has frequently been discussed by coun cillors. Councillor Ananmm l .who is tour ing the world, is investigating the sub ject, &sd; be has forwarded reports to the council on different eohemes that have come under his notice. When he returns to Adelaide the propriety of substituting electricity for gas will be thoroughly debated, and definite action will probably be taken. In f t]p mmintima tha aviatiing system of lighting the streets vfll be continued, indeed for the next two years and six months gas will ba nsed. The eleotrio lighting committee of tha council referred to the matter in their reported Monday, and advised that pending the return of Mr. Anderson the offer of the South Aus. tralian Gas Company should be accepted for a period of two years from March 1,1894, and therecommendationwasadopted. The terms of the offer are £5 14s. each per annum for not lees than SOO lamps; £9 each for not less than S3 30-candlepower lamps, and £24 each for 100 -candlepower lamps. Mr. J. H. Smith («hairm?« of the Railway Commissioners) bad so far recovered from bis recent illness as to be able to resume bis duties, on Monday morning. The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. O. Willoox) has been confined to bis house einoe Friday, suffering from an attack of neuralgia. He was unable to attend the meeting of the City Council on Monday, and the mayoral chair was occupied by Mr. Alderman Skstheway. The y.npH«*i, Scottish, and Australian Sank will open Cor the transaction of ordinary busi ness to-day, the Government having given a favorable reply to the application made to them to allow the bank to be exempt from the provisions of the Companies Act as to the pro duotn'on of powers of attorney', which are now on their way to Adelaide. Barbed wire may be an extremely service able article for fencing, but it is none the less dangerous to use oa fences abutting on foot paths. Pedestrians effcen injure their hands by coming into contact with the spikes, and on many occasions attention has been drawn to the adrisablenes3 of prohibiting the use of the wire in the city. The by-laws committee of the City Corporation have had the matter under consideration, and on Monday they advised the City Council to give seven days' notice to persons who had fixed barbed wire on fences abutting on footpaths to remove it, under a threat of being summoned should the notice not be complied with. The council ap proved the recommendation, and action wil therefore be taken. At Monday's meeting of the City Council a memorial was presented from a number of business men in the city praying that some thing should be done to regulate tie sale of goods in the streets by street hawkers. Of late, it is said, these individuals have become a nuisance by constant visits to offices and other premises for the purpose of feryine to effect Bales, and the memorialists are presum ably anxious to have the trouble nipped in the bud. When the document was read by the town clerk (be members of theoounoilappeared to acquiesce in the suggestion that some steps should be taken to protect the ratepayers, and possibly the by-laws committee, to whom the question was relegated for consideration, may submit a scheme to alter (be existing state of things. On board the Kord-DeotecherEloyd steamer Karlsruhe, which arrived at the Semaphore anchorage at about half-past S o'clock on Mon day morning, there were 243 German men-of warsmensnd about3o officers, who are going to Samoa, to relieve the crews of the German ships of war Sperber and Bussard. During the voyage of the Karlsruhe the men have been constantly drilled in order to raaint 8"*1 * thorough efficiency. Many of them took the opportunity of the vessel's stay here to visit Adelaide. The attendance at the Hindmarsh public school on Monday bad dwindled down to CO out ofl,lsoontherolL The headmaster (Mr. J.W. Kennedy) is etill unable to fulfil his duties, es he ib suffering from an abscess in the face. At the lirompton public school the number pre sent was 82 out of 535 on the rolL The falling off in the attendance einoe £\dday at the Bind marsh school is 40, and at -the Bromptoc school 39. It has been suggested that itwoulc be advisable to close these schools by having the Michaelmas v&catioa; now, as at the end ol them the measles epidemic will probably be ended. The Port Pilot is disturbed in its mind as to the neglected condition of the Alberton Cemetery, and in its latest issue invites "men and youths" to assemble on Saturday afternoon with hammer and nails to mend the dilapidated fences. The editor adds—"One word to those miserable being who, under cover of night, place horses in the cemetery grounds. Let them be most firmly assured that they will have a complete view of the inside of the Port courthouse, with possibly a still better view of the more con tracted dimensions of a cell in the Adelaide gaol, Only me kind of treatment is good, for mean wretches like those - and they shall have it" In rapooee to a requisition presented to him by a number of ratepayers Mr. E. Brioe (the chairman of the South Shine District Council) has convened a meeting to bo held at Spring ten on Friday nest "to consider the actionj that haa been taken by our member, Mr. Homburg, re expenditure." Madamo Sterling proposes to give a concertj in Adelaide on September 6 in aid of] charities, and on Monday afternoon the City! Council confirmed a resolution passed by the' Town Hall committee that the free use of the hall should be given for the occasion provided the whole of the proceeds above the cost of gas for the evening are handed over to the different charitable institutions. The annual live etock show will take place in the Exhibition Building and grounds on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, September 14,15, and 16, under the anspioes of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of Sonth Australia. The exhibits will include cattle, sheep, horses, pigs, poultry, dogs, dairy produce and appiianoes, agricultural machinery, implements, vegetables, fruits, flowers, 4c, and will conclude with an exhibi tion of horses in action. The officers of the naval forces presented Lieutenant Ijundh, late of H.M.C.S. Pro tector, with a framed photo of themselves on Saturday evening. Lieutenant Smith acted as spokesman for die occasion. Lieutenant Lundh will probably leave the colony next month for a twelve months' holiday in Eng land. At the end of last week Torrens Island wa 8 declared to be free of quarantine restrictions, though the man Johnson, who contracted smallpox, while on board the steamer Woolloomooloo, remained at the station. He had, however, completely recovered when the yellow flag was hauled down. He will leave the quarantuusetation either to-day or to morrow. Mr. E. D. Davies, of the Adelaide Stock Exchange, has sent us a copy of the "Fourth of July" issne of the Philadelphia Dailg News. It is crammed with articles and cartoons reminiscent of Independence Day, while alter nate bars of red and blue ink, nine to the sheet, about half an inch wide, and printed vertically across each of the eight pages, give the paper quite an intoxicated appearance. The state of the journal, in fact, could bs batter under stood had the nnmber been published the morning after the national festival instead of on die day itself. The postmaster at Camooweal reports that splendid general rains (31 in.) have fallen, and that it is still raining. The Georgian* is said toberaaningabanker. Mr. J. Jens, tbe landlord of the Southern Cross Hotel, has on exhibition in the eaioon bar of bis noose a collection of magnificent mineral speoimena, which are nicely arranged in an elegant case. For about seven years Mr. Jene has been buying odd specimens, and the lot he is now showing includes come of the finest and pratbest pieces of ore that hava been diaoovered in the Broken Hill mine*. Altogether the collection is valued at £300. There are silver ores of various kinds, gold, manganese, gypsum, oopper, lead, tin, zinc, opal, and asbestos eamnlee, crystals, agates, rabies, and other minerals. .Every parcel is conspicuously marked, sad the collection is well worth in specting. Oar Balhannah corrsspondeni in his report at the ferial of Planet jr. implements referred to Mr. Lyon «s the manager of tha Austral asian Implement Company, whereas he should have referred to him as one of die experts employed by the company. No alteration has been made in the management BJnos January, 18S6, when Mr. R. H. White received the feppcinlmi?&fc;* Mr. J. Cook, M.P.. informs us that the South-K?tern Land Board, which site at Murray Bridge on Thursday, will deal with a number bf applications held over from their meeting at Mount Gambier last week. A meeting of the Goodwood Democratic Association will be held in the local Institute this evening. The annual meeting of the S.A. Caledonian Society will beheld at Jackman's Booms, King Wuluun-Btarees, this evening. The annual meeting of the Boys' Cricketing Association will be held in the roams of the 0.8. J., Gawler.plaoe, this evening. 