J_BOir ra£T TOIlIBHED.j ALL ALONG THE RIYER. Miss M. E, BEAD DON, AUTHOB OF ? "Lady Audley'a Scoret," - " The Venetians ; or, All in Honour," "Aurora"Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Hen's Shoes," "Just as I am,*'. "Talcen at the Flood," r " Phantom Fortune," «... " Liko and Unlike," " "Weavers and "Woft," &e.;, &o.; ie. All Queensland Bidets Bksseted. ■■ CHAPTER XVI. . «,No Sudden Fahcy of uj Aedeni ■ ■ . Boy.' was Christmas Eve? All things were arranged for departure on : the 27th, which would giro time \ -for their arrival at San Kemo ~ oii New "Soar's Day. They •were to travel by easy stages, by Aniens, Bale, and Lucerne. A good deal of luggage bad been sent ofE in advance, and trunks and portmanteaus were packed ready for the start, so that the travellers could take their ease during the few days of Christmas church-going and festivity. Isola's spirits had improved. wonderfully since the journey had been decided upon. ' It seems like beginning a new life, Martin,' she told her husband. ' I feel ever so much better already. I'm afraid I'm an impostor, and that yau are taking a great deal-of . unnecessary trouble on my account.' . It was such a relief to' think' that she would 8ee.Vansittart Crowther no more, .. that she could wander where she pleased without the hazard of meeting that satyr like countenance, those/pale protruding eyes, with malevolent stare—Buch a relief to know that she would be in a strange place, where no one would know anything about her, or have any. inclina tion to gossip about her. Something of her old gaiety and interest in life revived at the prospect of those new surround ings. •'!' They were to put'up at a hotel for the first few days, so as to take their time in looking for a villa., Two servants were to go with them—the colonel's coachman.and handy-man, who was an oil soldier, and could turn his hand to anything in house, or stable, or gardeD ; and the baby's nurse, a somewhat master ful person of seven-and-twenty, from the fatherland, surnamed Grunhanpt, bat known in the family by her, less formid able domestic diminutive Lottchen. Other servants, would be obtained at San Eemo, but these two were indis pensable—-Holford, the coachman, to bear all burdens, and Lottchen to take charge of the baby, to whom life was supposed to be impossible" in any other It was- Christmas Eve—the mildest Christmas that had been known for a long time,'even in this sheltered corner of the boast. Allegra had heen busy all the morning, holping in the church de corations, .and co-operating with Mr. Colfoi in various arrangements for the comfort of the very old and feeble, and the invalids,, among the cottages scattered over tbe length and breadth of a large parish. She had. walked a good many miles, and she had Btood for an hour. in the church, toiling at tho decoration of the font with Christmas roses, ferns, arbutus, and berberis, while the iliss Crowthers lavished the riches of the Glenaveril hothouses upon the pulpit, keeping themselves studiously aloof from Miss Leland. Hot a jot cared Allegra for their re serve. She disliked their father, and she knew that her brother detested him, withont having any clear idea .of the canse. She was so thoroughly loyal to Martin that she would , have deemed it treason to like anyone whom he disliked; so had the daughters of Glenaveril been . the most lovable young women in Corn wall tho would have considered it her 'duty to hold them at arm's length. Glenaveril and all its- belongings were tabooed. She was ,very tired when she went . home at 4 o'olock, j ust on tho .edge of dusk here—pitch dark, no doubt, in London and other great cities, where the poor, pinched faces were flitting by in the fitful I glare of the gas, intent on buying s | Christmas dinner to fit the slenderest re sources. Here, in this quiet valley, the reflected sun-glow still brightened sky, sea, land and river, and the lamp had not yet been lighted in the hall or drawing room at the Angler's West. • There was a pleasant alteration of fire light and shadow in the long double room, the flames leaping up every- now ] and then, and lighting wall and bookcase, picture and bust, the mandarin jars, and the golden storks on the black Japanese screen; but it was such a capricious light that it did not show her someone sitting in the room, in Martin Disney's deep elbow chair, a person who sat and watched her with an admiring Bmile, sb Bhe flung off her little felt hat and fur capo, and stretched her arms above her head in sheer weariness, a graceful, picturesque figure, in her plain brown serge gown, belted round the supple wuisi and. clasped at the throat, like Eoid's, and with never an ornament except the oxydised silver clasps, and the serviceable chatelaine hanging at her side. The tea table was set ready in front of the fire, a large Egyptian brass tray oh bamboo legs. Bat there was no sign of Isola; so Miss Leland poured out a cup of tea and began to drink it, still uncon scious of a pair of dark eyes watching her from the shadow of the big arm chair. ' And am I to have no tea, Miss Leland ? '• asked a voice out of the dark ness. Allegra gave a little scream, and almost dropped her cup. • Good gracious!' she exclaimed. ' How can you startle anyone like that ? How do you know that I have not heart ' I would as soon suspect the goddbBS Hygeia of that, or any other ailment,' said Captain Hulberfc, rising to his full six feet two, out of the low chair in the dark corner by the bookcase. 'Forgive mo for my bearishness in sitting here while you were in the room.- I could not resist lie temptation to sit and watch you for a minute or two while you were un conscious. It was like looking at a picture. While you are talking I am so intent upon what you say, and what you think, that I almost forget to consider what you are like. To-night I could gaze undistraeted.' ' What absolute nonsense you talk,' said Allegra, with the sugar tongs poised above the basin. ' One lump — or two ?' ' One, two, three—anything you like —up to a million.' 'Do you know that you nearly made me break a tea-cup—one of mother's dear old Worcester tea-cups? I should never have forgiven you.' ' But you forgive me for my stolen contemplation, for sitting in my corner there and admiring you in the firelight ?' ' Firelight is very becomiug. - Ho doubt I looked better than in the day time'.' ' And you forgive me ?' - ' I supposo so. It IB hardly worth while to be angry with you. I shall be a thousand miles away next week. I could not carry my resentment so far. It would cool on the journey.' ' A thousand mileB is not far for the Vendetta, Miss Leland. She would make light of crossing the Pacific—for a worthy motive.' ' I don't know anything about motives, but I thought you were fairly established at tho Mount, and that you had made an end of your wanderings.' ' The Mount is only delightful—I might say endurable—when I have neighbours at the Angler's Heat.' 'Martin will let this .house, perhaps, and you may find his tenants pleasant, neighbours.' • f I am not like the domestic oat. - It is not houses I care for,- hut people. My affections would not transfer themselves to the new tenants.' ■ 'How can you tell that ? Tou think of-them to-night as Btrangers, and they seem intolerable. -You would like them -after a week, and be warmly attached to -them at the end of the month. Why, you j have known us for less than three months, and we fancy ourselves quite old j friends.'' " 'Oh, Miss - Leland, is our friendship onlr fancy ? Will a thousand miles make 'yon'forget me ?' ,. '.Ho, we could not any of us be so un- I grateful as to forget you,' answered] 'Allegra, struggling against growing em barrassment, wondering if this tender j tone, these vague nothings, were drifting | towards a declaration, or were as simply meaningless as much of the talk between men and women. ' We can't forget how kind you have been, and what delightful excursions we have had on the Yendetta.' 'The Yendetta will be at SanKemo wben you. want her, Allegra. She will be as much at your command there as she has been here; and her skipper will he as much your- slave as he is here—as he has been almost ever since he saw your face.' This was not small talk. This meant | something very serious. He had called her Allegra, and she had not reproved him. He had taken her hand, and she j bad not withdrawn it. In the next in stant, she knew not how, his arm was round her waist, and her head, weary with the long day's work and anxieties, was resting contentedly on his Bhoulder,. while his lip3 set their first kiss tenderly, reverently almoat, on her fair, broad brow. ' Allegra, this paeans yes, does it not ? Our lives have flowed on together so peacefully, so happily, since last October, they are to mingle and flow on together to the great sea—are they not, love ?— the sea of death and eternity. . ' Do you really care for'me ?' ' Do I really adore you ? Yes, dear' love, with all my power of adoration.' 'But you must have cared for other girls before now. I can't believe that I am the first.' ' Believe, at least, that you will be the last, as you are the only woman I ever asked to be my. wife.' ' Is that really, really true?' 'It is as true as the needle to the north.! ' Yet they say that sailors ' ' Are generally tolerable dancers, and popular in a ball-room, especially when they are the givers of the ball—that they can talk to pTetty women without feeling abashed—and that they contrive to get | through a good deal of flirting without singeing their wings. I have waltzed with a good many nice girls in my time, Allegra, and I have sat out a good many waltzes. Yet I am here at your side, honestly and devotedly your own; and I have never loved any other, woman with the love 1 feel for you. Ho other woman haB ever held my whole heart; no, not for a single hour.' ' You make nice distinctions,' said Allegra, gently disengaging herself from his arm, and looking at him with a faint shy smile, very doubtful, yet very anxious to believe. ' I am dreadfully afraid that all this fine talk means nothing more than you would Bay to any of your partners, if you happened to he sitting out a waltz.' ' Should I ask any of my partners to be my wife, do you think ?' ' Oh, you can withdraw that to-morrow —forget and ignore it. "We may both consider it only a kind of undcr-the mistletoe declaration, meaning no more than a mistletoe kiss. I believe when English people were domestic and kept Christmas, the head of the family would have kissed his cook if he had met her | under the mistletoe.' ' Allegra, is it not cruel of -you to ba jocose when I am so tremendously | eerious ?' _ 'What it.I don't believe in your seriousness ?' ' Is this only a polite way of refusing me ?' he asked, beginning to be offended, not understanding that this nonsense talk wns a hasty defence against over powering emotion,' that she was not sure of him, and was desperately afraid of be traying herself. ' Am I to understand that you don't care a straw for me?1 ' Ho, no,. no,' bIio cried, eagerly, 1 as a friend I like you better than anyone else in the world only I don't want to give you more thau friendship till I can dare to believe in your love.' .'Prove it, Allegra,' he cried,' clasping her waist again before she'-was- aware. -' Put me to'any test or any trial—impose any duty- upon me—only tell me that if I come through the ordeal you will he-my • wife.' . 'Ton are not in a great hurry to fetter ; yourself, I hope,' she said. 'I am in a hurry—I lung for those • sweet fetters hy which your love will holdme. I want to he anchored hy my happiness.' 1 Give me a year of freedom, a year for art and earnest work in Italy, a year for Martin and Isola, who hoth want me, and if this night year you are still of the same mind, I will he your wife. .1 will not engage you. You may he as free as air to change your mind and love someone else; hut 1 will promise to be true to you and to this talk of ours till the year's end—one year from to- night.' 'I accept your sentence, though it is severe; but I don't accept my freedom. I am your slave for a year. I shall he ' your slave when the year is out. I am yours, and yours alone for life. And now give me that cup of tea, Allegro, which you have not poured out yet, and let ns fancy ourselves Darby and Joan.' ' Darby and Joan,' echoed Allegro, ai... she filled his cup. ' Must we he like that, ' old and prosv, sitting by the fire, while life goes hy us outside. It seems sad that there should be no alternative be tween old age and untimely death.' ' It is sad; but the world is made so. And then Providence steeps elderly people in a happy hallucination. They gener ally forget that they are old ; or at least they forget that they ever were young, and they find yonng people so ineffably silly that youth in itself seems despicable. But we have a long life to .the good, dear love, before the coming of gray hairs and elderly prejudices.' And then he began to talk of ways and means, as if they were going to be married next week. » ' "We shall have enough for bread and cheese, love,' he said. 11 am better off than a good many younger sons; for a certain old grandmother in our family , married with a settlement which provided for the younger branches. It is quite possible that Lostwithicl may never marry—indeed, he seems to mo very decided against matrimony, and in that case those who come alter ns must inherit - title and estate in days to come.' 'Prav don't talk so,' cried Allegra, horrified. 'It sounds as if you were speculating upon your brother's death.? ' On Lostwithiel's death. . Not for worlds. God bless him, wherever he may be. You don't know how fond we two fellows are of each other. Only when a man is going to he married it behoves him to think seriously. I shall have to talk to the colonel, remember, and lie will expect me to be explicit and businesslike.' ' I Hope you don't think Martin is mercenary,' said Allegra. ' There never was a man who set less value on money. It wouldn't make any difference to him if you had not a penny. And as for me, I have a little income from my mother, more than enough to buy frocks and things, and beyond that I can earn my own living. So you really needn't trouble yourself about rae.' There was a touching simplicity in her speech, mingled with -a slight favour of. audacity, as of au emancipated young woman, which amused her lover, remind ing him of a heroine of Murger's, or Do ■ Musset's a brave little grisette, who was willing to work hard for the menage a deux, and who wanted nothing from her lover but love. He looked into the. - bright, frank face, radiantin the fireglow, and he told himself that this was just the one woman for whom his heart had kept itself emptv, like a temple waiting for its god, in all the 'years of his manhood. And now the temple doors had opened wide, the gates had been.lifted up, and the goddess-had marched to her place, triumphant and all- conqueiing. The clock on the mantelpiece struck 6, and the old eight-day clock in the hall followed like a solemn echo. Captain. Hulbert started up. ' So lute ! Why, we have been talking for nearly two. hours!1 ho exclaimed, ' and I have a budget of letters to-write for the night mail. ;Goodbye,darling— or I'll say ah revoir, for I'll think I'll walk down again after dinner 'and get half an hour's chat with Disney, if you don't think it will be too late for me to see him.' ' You know he is always pleased to see you—we are not very eaily people—-and this is Christmas Eve. Wo wore to sit round the fire and tell ghost stories, don't you remember ?' ' Of course we were. I shall he here soon after 9, and I shall think over all the grizzly .legends I ever heard as I come down the hill.'. _ •; He -went reluctantly, leaving: hei standing by the fire, a contemplative figure with downcast eyes.' At a little later stage in their engagement no doubt she -would have gone with him to the door, or even out to the garden gate, for a lingering parting under the stars—hut there was a shyness about them both in this sweet dim beginning of their union, when it was so strange to each to have any claim upon the other. 'How lightly she took the whole business,' Captain Hulbert said to himself as he went up the hill. ' Yet her voice trembled now and then—and her hand was deadly cold when first 1 clasped it. Ithink she lores me. A year '—snapping his fingers gaily at the stars—'what is a year? A year of bliss if it be mostly spent with her. Besides, year-long en • gagements are apt to dwindle. I have known such engagements—entered on solemnly like onrs to-night—shrink to ax months or less. Why should one linger on the threshold of a new life if one knows it is goiug to be completely . happy ?' • The happy lover had not been gone five minutes when Isola came creeping into the room, and put her arm round Allegru's neck and kissed her flush cheek. ' y^r> Isa. where have you been hiding all tins evening ?' " I had fallen asleep in my room, just halt an honr before tea, and when I awoke it was five o'clock, and Lottchen told me yon and Captain Hulbert were in , the drawing-room. And as I know you two hare always bo much to talk about I thought I wouldn't disturb you, so I let lottchen make tea for ma in the nursery, and I stayed there to plav wirh baby. And here yon are all alone'in the dark.' _ ' Oh, we had the firelight—Parker forgot to bring the lamp.' 'And jou forgot to ring for it,' said leola, going over to the bow window, and drawing back a curtain. ■ What a lorelv sky. Who would think it was Christmas tune?7 _ The moon_ was in her Beeond quarter shining brilliantly, in the deep purple of I a sky almost without a cloud. 1 «"Will you put on your hat and jacket ] and come for a stroll in the garden Isa ?' asked Allegra. 'It is a mild, diy'night and I . don't think the air can hurt I you.' 1 • • It will do me all the good j • m the world. Yes, I shall be ready in a foment.'- J 1 They went out into the hall, where I Allegra packed her sister-in-law careful!v hi a warm, fur-bordered jacket, and flung a tartan shawl rouud her own ehoulders. Then they went out into the i garden, and to the lawn bv the river f mo,°° ™»s shining on the running water, brightly, coldly clear, while the i meadows on the opposite bank were1 wrapped mfamt white mists, which made j fill the landscape seem unreaL 'Are you not ton tired for walking here after your long day, Allegro,' IsoU asked, when they had gone up and down tne path two or three times. 'Tired, no I eouid walk to Tywar dreath, I could walk to the Mausoleum Shall we go there ? The sea must be lovely under that moon." Sly dearest, it is nearly seven o'clock and you have been tramping about all I day. If you are not very tired you must he very much excited, Allegra. I am 1 longing to hear what it all means.' Are you really, now ? Do you care ! ^ Can you, who are firmly ! anchored in the haven of marriage, feel I any sentimental interest in other people ' toBsmg ahout on the sea of courtship? r™1R 1° be told everything to-niriit I —w yon may as well know all about"it • tJ **»' "ldee<J- I him and believe in fiim. ' Thank heaven. I should have been miserable if yon had doubted or disliked i T^f' -fUA-0 b® my haBbtnd some day, isa, if Martin approve—bnt not for i I y^,?at least. Tell me, dear, arc you , • 11 1 T shd- God Wess you, SarisS'"" »fe'TO-.»a She broke down with those last faltered words, and Allegra discovered that Bhe ( was crying. ' ify dearest Isa, don't cry. I ehall i unworthy.'816 bim ' no-no- It is not that, He is I worthy. He is aU that I could desire ia the man who is to be your husband. Ho, I tras only-thinking how completely happy you and he must be-how cloudiest I your life promises to he. God keep you and guard you, dear! And may you I Mrer know the paw of parting with the I ' husband you love—■with your protector and friend—aa I have known it.' 1 4 Yes, love, but that is all past and done j with. There are to be no more farewells for you and Martm.' 4 lib, it is past, thank God. Yet one cannot forget. Iam very glad Captain Hulbert has left the navy—that hiB profession cannot call him away from yon.' ' No, he is an idle man. I daresay the time will come when I shall be plagued with him, and he almost obliged to suggest that he should keep racehorses, or go on the Stock Exchange, to occupy his time. I have heard women say that it is terrible to hare a stay at home husband. Yet Martin is never it trap—but then Martin can bury himself in a book. He has no fidgety ways.' 4 How lightly yon talk, Allegra.' 4 Perhaps that is becauso my heart is heavy—heavy not with grief and care, but with the burden of perplexity and surprise, with the fear that comes of a l-eatjoy.' 'Youdo love him, then?' said Isola, ! earnestly. ' You are glad.1' ' I am very glad. I am glad with all | my heart-.' ' God bless yon, dearest. I rejoice in I your happiness.' i They kissed again, this time with team on both sides; for Allegra was now quite I overcome, and sobbed out her emotion upon her sister's neck,- the two standing I clasped in each other's arms beside the river. ' When. I am dead, Allegra, remember always that I loved you, and that I re joiced in your happiness as if it were my I own. When you are dead! How dare you i talk like that, when we are taking you away to get well and strong, and to live ever so many years beyond your golden wedding ? Was there ever such ingrati- ' tude?' The odour of tobacco stole on the even ing air, and they heard Martin's .firm tread upproaching along the gravel path. Isola put her arm through his, while. Allegra ran into the house, and husband i and wife walKcd up and down two or three times in tho darkness, she telling i him all about the wonderful thing that | had happened. ' You are glad, are you not, Martin ? As glad as Iam.' ' 1 Are yon so very glad ?' 'Yes, fori know that Allegra loves him, has loved him for a loDg time.' | ' Meaning six weeks or so—allowing a fortnight for the process of falling in love. Is that what vou call a long time, leola ?' ' Weeks arc long sometimes,' she an swered, slowly, as if her thoughts had wandered in another channel. ' Well, if Allegra is pleased I suppose I ought to be content,' said Disney. ' Hulbert seemB a fine frank fellow, and I have never heard anything to hi* die- I credit. He was popular in the navy, and was considered a man of marked ability. I daresay people will call him a good match for Allegra, so long as Losfcwithiel remaius a bachelor.' 'No one can be too good for Allegra, and only the best of men can be good enough. If I had my own way I should have liked her to remain always un married, and to care for nothing tut her nephew and you. I should have liked to 1 think of her a* always with you.' . The triangular dinner party was gayer that evening than it had been for a long time. Isola was in very high spirits, and her husband was delighted at the change, from that growing apathy which ! had frightened him. The ladies had ' scarcely left the table when Captain Hulbert arrived, and was ushered into ! the dining-room, where Martin Disney was smoking his after dinner pipe in the chimney corner—the old chimney corner ; of that original Angler's Nest, which had i been a humble homestead two hundred years ago. [10 BE C0--.-TIN-U.-T1 KXXT WEEE.] 