[?] (All Eiqhts Stbiotlt Ksikbyxb.] THROUGH THE SNOW. By Xna Leon Cassills. ? A77B0S OP ' FAira ASD TTWiirn,*' 'Throdgu Deep Waters,' ' A Btbakqb Advertisement.' Etc, «' You don't love me 1 — that's not true, Teresal' 41 It it trne 1' The man's -voice £nll of passionate pain ; the girl's of angry defiance. She stood on; the rug by the fire, her pretty bead with its crown of sssnj cnrls thrown'baok, her large brown eyes Hashing, ber Ted lip* quivering. Her lover stood* few.feetfrom her, with his hand clenched over his riding-whip'— one could sen the blue veins standing nnt under the dark skin, fie Was a tall, handsome man, of about thirty, and his fine face was just 'now stormy with passions which a wissr woman than Teresa Gray might not have oared to rouse. Bnt Teresa was hot tempered and jtalous, and chose to imagine her -lover was paying too much attention to General Login's pretty daughter, and, as Maurice Wilford was haughty and sensitive, he declined to play the part of humble penitent wht-n he was conscious of his own integrity. So to-day, when Teresa flhsbed out at him, accused him of bad faith, an! -challenged him to denial) he dceline-l tha Challenge, and practically refused to defend himself. 41 You'll be in another mind to-morrow ' he said, a little sternly ; yon don't 'know to day what you arc saying,' r . 'I do know it,'shooriedout. 'I sholl&ever; change ; you can take yonr freedom hack, 1 don't love you.' Thece cruel words stnng hiin so deeplyth at his pride partly gave Way. 'You don't love mc ('he said. ' It's not true, Teresa.' And she answered him with defiance ; her anger still at boiling point. He stood still a minute, looking at her ; i then he turned towards the door. 11 Very well,' he saidi with ominous; quietness ; 41 then there's nothing more to 4- Exccpt this!' She drew off her betrothal ring and held it towards him. He started, and flushed crimson, and a sharp spasm ef pain shot across his fac. Then he mastered himself and took the gem, looking fall into her eyes. ' If you want it back again,' ho said, deliberately, 44 you'll have to sue for it.' He opened the door and went straight ont of the room. He heard Teresa's scornful laugh ss he crossed the threshold. Wilford Manor was more than three miles from the Glen ; bnt Wilford rode the whole way at breakneck speed. He was half mad | with suffering, bnt he set bis teeth resolutely. ! If Teresa wanted him at her feet again, she must first kneel at bis. He bad borne too much other jealous exactions already. Now , matters had rcacbcd a climax ; but he could not, even in his just wrath and pain, bring himself to say tbey were best apart. He | loved Teresa passionately, and he conld not I believe she really meant to break the bond I between them. But Teresa did mean it — or thought she dii. 8he was fnrioui, and, unluckily for her, her aunt, with whom she lived, was a weak foolish woman who, having spoiled and in dulged the girl all her life, incllntd to t&ku; her side c?cn in such a quarrel as this. She Was vexed, in a way, bccaues Maurice Wil ford was rich, owning most of the land about and had Teresa hnt a few hundreds a year. But to ^o her crcdit, Mrs Hylton was not mercenary, and if Wilford chosa to flirt with Agnes Lcgan, Teresa could find easily a more constant lover. In country places most things become known, and it was soon discovered lhat Mr Wilford was not at the Glen so oftsn as he us?d to be. Miss Lngan- who covoted the position ot lady of tbe Manor, was not alow to fan tbe flame of discord ; not by anything actually said to Teresa — she was toD wary for such tactics — but by tbis or that, more or less garbled, which she took care should reach Teresa's cars. Sheromcmbc-red the say ing that many a man is caught at the recoil; and though at present Wilford gave her no chance, he would grow tired bv-and-by of solitude, and would appear again in tbe limited society of Priors Lee. Teresa held her head high, and went abiut as usual, fihe wasn^t going to wear thejriUow, or feran seem to do eo ; And «o days passed on and it did not seem as if the breach were likely to be healed ; it certainly would not be, Teresa said to herself, it itdepecded on her making the first overture. One morning Prior's Lee woke to find the world under a winding sheet of snow ;-bnt : it was not at present deep, and need not ' prevent Teresa keeping her promise to spend the day at the Logans'. She rather liked I going there ; it was a sort of extra defiance : of Maurice Wilford, The house was only a stone's throw from the Glen, and unless the sdow fell again so as to lie very deep in the road she could easily get home at night ; if not the Logans would put her np. She got down the tlane without any diffi culty, snd Agnes received her in her usual somewhat gushing manner, but during the day the snow came on again, and for hours fell so thickly that the lane became almost impassable. In the afternoon tho storm ceased, and the servants shovelled a clear passage down the path from the house to the gate, but General Logan would not hear of Teresa going home. Her aunt would know she had been kept, no there was no anxiety. 6o the girl remained ; bnt about ten o'clock —just befere the time for retiring — she left the drawing-room, and stole ont, and down the path to the gate. She was fevered and unhappy, and the cold air was only pleasantly cool to her; besides, she was country-bred, and not so sensitive to cold as a town-bred girl. The night was very dark ; the snow glimmered ghost-like through the gloom. Teresa leaned against the tall gate-post with a heavy heart very much in harmony with the dreary scene. Suddenly the mutter of men's voices caught her ear. The speakers were in the lane— close by the gate, but in visible to her, as she to them. They were not country voices, and this tniade tbe girl listen with a certain curiosity. She heard the name ' Wilford,' and then sho bent her ear with close attention ; her hearing was keen, and the frosty air enabled her to hear almost every word, thongb spoken in mutter ing tones, and with Cockney accent. 4' ' ' * ' couldn't be a better night,' here the first sounds that distinctly reachcd her. ' See, 1 found it all oat from that 'ere kitchen girl— makin' up io 'er. There's a deai of Swag in that 'ere Manor 'onse. Dill.' ' 'Ow ter git in, that's hit,' replied Bill. 11 Wait a minnifr.. The servant* all sleeps in t.he h'east wing, right away from Mr Wilford's study. They goes to bed h'early— he sits up till bloomin' bite— past twelve/ in the study ; now that 'ere winder's h'easy to git at. We mounts, and if he fires, ox tries any tricks, we pots him— no think won't be 'eard ; it we can best 'im without anythink o' that sort — well, we will ; bnt any'ow the loot's worth h'any risk.' ' Should rather think it t oat] and a snowy night like this, there ain't no chance o* meeliu' no one, and a bit of a fall blots out your footprints.' That's it; but we shall 'ave time ter git a drop er summut ter drink afore startin\ Come on.' Teresa crouched down, as the two men passed the gate on their way to tho village inu, which lay in the apposite direction to the Maaor ; but when they had vanished in the darkness, she rose erect, her brain on fire, her haart throbbing as if it would choke her. Maurice Wilford to be robbed end murdered I And three miles of impassable roads between him ani the ono creature who could save him— the woman who loved bim ! n.y, Joved him with all her strength J In presence of this hideous, this imminent peril, the scales fell from Ter-esa's eyes, blinded by foolish I 'ride and jealousy ; she thongbt of onlv one thing— her Jover's danger. The roads impMsable ! No ; they conld not be — should not be, to her? Heiven would give her strength to fight her way to Msnrics's side ; mo matter what happened to her ia the end, so that he were saved. Quick to act, whether for right or wrong, the girl lost not a moment. If the Logans knew of her mad enterprise they would, of course, try to prevent her— WGtld, perhaps, pooh-pooh the whole matter. [Of peril to heraelf— of losing her way in the snow and darkness— of being engulfed in a snow drift— she thought nothing ; she mutt reach the Manor before the burglars got there— that was the one sense that possessed her. She opened the gate and plunged ankle deep in the snow. Every step was a labor but she pushed bravely on, her skirts and feet drenched. Sometimes the snow eame almost to her knees. Once she thought she had lost her way, bat— no— she could see dimly outlined, tbe gnarled oak in Hxvrliv^ Lane; those were the railing oi Farmer Yeldoniv?2^d^* ^ * ArfcfcgU* herself along byinetn. .Often sho bad to^jauss, her breatli falling 'her. Trembling, exhausted, it almost senmed as if she must-, give np and sink down and die in the snow. , iJat tho thonght of her lover's peril gave her back hsr falling strength, and still ehobattledon through tno terrible snow. Now |he was skirling the pafk palings; she was looking torn certain group «f three trees, for from that point she knew 'it was a straight and short cut to tht: house. She had climbed the palings many a time. 5 There were thn tress, snow-laden. The sight of them flllel thegirl with a kind of delirious joy. She climbed the palings and dropped i into tho snow on the other side. .No matter; . she was cIosq now. Sho could see the house looming up black tefore her. She poshed On, pantlngt trembling. There was the light in the study window She dare not make anv cieuaL What if the burglars were here already— lying perdu, waiting their oppor tunity! She did not know how long she had been on this terrible jonrney. Sho Crept on— reached a door, and seizing the handle of the bell pulled it, even ss she sank, half -fainting, on the steps ; but she he ird the clangour of the bell within. Then there ivas a sound of shooting holts, a momentary glare of light, Maurice's voice in agony — 'Great Heaven! 7Vr««a/' and then she was lifted in strong arms, she felt a passio nate kiss onher lipi, and she was borne into a lighted room, and laid on a sofa, and she was clinging about her lover's neck, telling him in a frantic sort of way to fasten up the window — ' they wore coming in that way — to kill and rob him. Comprehending eotnQtbing of what must have happened, Wilford sprang to the win dow, rapilly closed and fastened up the heavy shutters, and then went to a sort of .a cabinet, brought out some spirit, which he mixed with water, and lifting Teresa's head npon his arm saade her drink some. In all bis anguish and horror he never once lost his ; presence of mind 1 ' Safe ? ' she whispered, faintly, 41 safe V ' Yes, yes, my darting?' Oaco more he pressed his lips on hers ; then he rose, and went hastily to rouae tho housekeeper and one of the maids ; then he carried Teresa, now almost unconscious, up to his own room, where there was a fira, and there left her to the care of the housekeeper and the maid. So Teresa was stripped of hor wet clothing, wrapped in blankets, and put to bel ; but it was clrar to the woman, from the poor girl's broken words, that she had discovered some plot ti rob and murder Maurics Wil ford, and had somehow mado her way through the snow to warn him. But she was quite conscious when Maurice came in again. He gave no heed to the housekeeper's presence I he just raised Teresa in his arms, and wrapped her ti him, covcrcd her face with kisses, yet trying for her dear s*ke to suppress the pauion that shook him. 41 Forgive J' she whispered, clinging to . him. 'I have been so wicked— and I always | loved you— i kniw it to-night— .' | 41 Forgive 1 Oh, my love—' the strong man was qu'.vering from head to foot. 11 Yo j gave your life for mine ! — my soul, my dear est— 1 will try to becalm I— ' 41 But 1 am happy now,' she said nestling to him. -4 And you will give m? back the ring ?' Thou, in broken words, but very clearly, she told him what she had overbcarJ, snd how she came to save him ; but Bbo had firm faith in the enperhuman aid tbat sus tained hor. and bi had he— why, indeed, should they doubt it?' »* Giv? me the ring now ?' Teresa whis pered, when her lover was about to leave her. ' 1 want to sleep with it on my hand.' ' 6o he drew it out, and kissing it, placed it on her finger, and she smiled radiantly, as he folded her to his breast again and laid his lips to hers. Then he left hor, bidding the housekeeper regain with her all nijiht. 41 And bring me a message early,' he added, ' how she is. I sh-»ll remain in the study.' | Bnt Terfsa, thanks to her strong coasu*n- ; tion and the prompt, aad careful attention ; she received, was none the worse for her ; journey through tho snow. She awoke at1 eight o'clock aiter a long and dc-;p sleep, and, eave that she felt very weak and ached in aU her limbs, there seemed to be nothing the matter with her. An examination proved that the burglars had evilantlv been on the spot. Heavy footmarks in the enow showod they had come close to the hois !, but tho study win dow being darkened, and no other means of access presenting th&mse;\vea, they had re tired — baffled. Wilford contrived to get a message to Mrs Hylton, explaining where Teresa was an- i what had brought her, and tbe 'difficulty th*s messenger experienced in reaching the Glen showed how much Teresa — a fragile girl — had gone through to sccom plish her heroic journey — darkness being also added to the perils that beset her. Surely if ever fault was expiated hers was. Those days of her enforced imprimmnent at the Manor were wmderf ally happy days to both herse'f und Wilford ; but when the enow so fat gave wav that he w*6 ablo to tako her homa, th ? paradise was only broken up for a little while. Within a month Teresa went back to tho Manor aB its mis tress. Tbe story of that heroic deed ol a woman to save her lover somehow got about, and even reached the papers, where it was doubt less perused by the worthy burglars. Whether they were simply disgusted at being baffled by 'a bit of a girl,' or tbe romance of the story eomcwhatallayed their irritated feelings, is not certainly known ; 1 bnt being trackcd, seised and convicted for another burglary, they have now plenty of j time, in the intervals of stone-breaking, for i reflection over their failure at Wilford ! Manor. Teresa has never unlearned the leison of that night — never again dimmed the luitre of the restored betrothal ring. Tbk Ekd. 