AOTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. That marvellous mixture oE native shrewdness and abyssmal ignorance, the Shah of Persia, alias the ' King of Kingp,' has a pithy passage in his diary which runs thus— 'In the London Picture Gallery I saw a picture of a donkey and I asked tlao price. The Director said -£100. I answered, ' But the price of a live donkey ia only five o£ your pound?. Why is a painted one so much dearer P ' He replied, ' That it was because it cost nothing to keep, and did nob eat cats.' To which I answered, ' If it costs nothing to keep neither does it do any useful work. Ib cannot be ridden, nor can it carry loads.' These English are a wonder ful and powerful people, but some of them are foole.' Of the truth of the last etitement there can b3 no possible probable doubt whatever. Some of the English are fools. And one of the most idiotic phases of their foolishness is donkey worsnip. xne xsraemes ox. om aancea round a golden calf. The English of today are always ready to dance round a golden ass. All that they insiBt upon is that the creature must be a per fectly useless ass ,? not one that will carry loads or do any kind of useful work, but a well-groomed ass that lives in a marble stable and from time to time draws attention to hia crass asininity by a more than usually idiotic spell of braying. Another peculiarity about 'some English' is the wonderful amount of gullibility which they possess. It is related oi! one Englishman that after a careful perusal of ' Gulliver's Travels' he closed the book and said — ' This is a very enter, taining work of travel and adventure, bat still there are one or two statements in ib about tbe truth of which I have some very shrewd doubts.' And this reminds me that the greatest joker, or the greatest gobc-wouchc, ia England must be on the literary staff of that excellent pictorial paper Black and White, for I Had a par therein which Euns thus— ' Mr. J. Henniker-Seaton, the member for Can terbury, emigrated to the colony of New South Wales while yet ia his teens, and for some years ' roughed it5 iu the interior ae a pioneer squat tar. Bub he thus acquired that valuable colonial experience on which I113 success in life has been based. In conjunction with his partner, Mr. Samuel Bennett, he stocked some three millions of acres. With Mr. Bennett, too, he was associ ated in the founding of the Sydney Evening News and Town and Country JouRNAL—two of the most successful of colonial newspapers. Mr. Heaton, who hag made a world- wide reputation in the House of Commons as a postal reformer, is the author o£ a valuable work of reference entitled ' The Australian Dictionary of Dafcea and Men of the Time.'' Now, as the gullible ' Gulliver' reader would say, that ia a very entertaining- and highly amusing par, but still there are one or two state ments in it which do not chime in very closely with the sacred truth. The writer meant well, no doubt, bat he certainly has not done full justice to the remarkable colonial caveer of the illustrious Mr. J. Henniker-Heaton, By the way, the name used to be pl-iin J. Henniker Hoaton, without the hyphen, here ; in fact, it was once simply ' J. H. Heaton.' A little matter which | reminds me of the good old Irish tutor who once said to his class of young Americans — ' Bhoys, nover prirt your surname in the middle — unless it happens to be US pluribus unum.' In common justice to our distinguished ?' repre sentative Australian,' Mr. Henniker-Hyphon. Heaton, I now publish the real facts connected with his wonderful career. Imprimis, instead of being a mere 'pioneer squatter' in possession of a fow paltry millions of acres here, Mr. J. Henniker-Heaton actually discovered all Auetra li'i. An obaouro person by tho name of Cook sub sequently claimed tho honour, and many persons give him the credib of tho discovery too. But this merely shows tho cool check of tho man Cook- and the retiring modesty of Mr. J. Henuiker Hypheu-Hoaton. Having discovered Australia and put things in good working order, Mr. H. H. H. brought out tho late Mr. Samuel Bennett, and set him up ia life by placing him in charge of a pig farm and two papers, after which he de-voted his marvel lous abilities to a study of tbe great Barmaid Question ia conjunction with another protege t the late Mx, Walter Cooper. Later on he travelled — ? — — — ? ? through the country with a view of inducing tbe people to improve their minds by a deep and con stant study of the Down and Gumtjree Jouenal, and theD, having placed Australia on the road to prosperity, he went home to prop up the failing power and reconstruct the constitution of old England. A party by the name of Gladstone happened to be at the head of British affairs at the time, and with commendable prudence he endeavoured to prevail upon Mr. J. Henoiker-Hyphen- Heaton to accept his office. Bat that gentleman's native modesty had increased with years, and he quietly but firmly said, 'No, Gladstone ; go on as you are doing, but should a time of great national peril ever arise send for J. Heuuiker-Heaton aud he will pull you through.' Since then Mr. H. H. H. has devoted his leisure hours to a scientific re search into the nature of ' Ghosts,' and he has also mvent2d a Self-gumming Postage-stamp Al bum which has commanded the admiration of the world. These are a few of tho real incidents in our hero's life, and Black and White should atone for ite absurd errors by giving nu a double page picture of J. Henniker-Hyphen-Hoaton as he appeared while standing on the deck 0? the ' Coonanbcrra' discovering Australia. There's a good time coining after all. Sis George Dibbs has just drawn attention to the cheerful fact that the colony has recently bene fited to the tune of .£50,000 by the deaths of two well-known men of ' thrift.' 'Keep on doing it,' is Sir George's encouraging shout to the men of wealth who still remain, and if they are patriotic enough to respond to his flattering appeal all our present financial troubles will soon be buried at the bottom of our lovely harbour. It's a grand idea, and as our millionaires have lived in luxury on the land so long it would ba a meet and acceptable thing for them to do a little dying for it now. A decidedly startling echetne for the recon struction of Victoria's finances has been put for ward by a great political economist, who wrote to Premier Patterson and delicately suggested that the country might be lifted into prosperity at a bound by killing off all the millionaires and con fiscating their cash and property for the benefit of the State. The proposer doos nob stipulate that all this suddenly-acquired wealth should go to the State— that is a. little improvement of my own —he merely suggests, as an improvement on Premier Dibbs's plan, that all millionaires be pole-axed straight away, and, providing thia mild request is acceded to, he doesn't seem to care a dump whether the bodies of the unlucky magnates receive the honour of a public funeral or are simply shunted off to a boiling-down estab lishment. That is a weak point in the scheme, and now I begin to see the brilliant idea old m^n Parkes had ia view when ho wanted to build a superb Dead House ia bhe Centennial Park. Hib notion was to offer splendid inducements, in the shape of statues and monuments, for men o£ thrift to die, and then, by raising the probate duty, he could support tbe living at tbe expense of the dead. A boom in first-class burials would give the country a tremendous shove ahead just now, and as a start I would suggeab to Premier Dibbs that he invites half a hundred millionaires on board the Thetis for a day's pleasure, and then takes them out to sea, scuttles the boats and drowns the lot. The apple of discord, seven or eight fine, ripe rosy- cheeked apples, infacb, were certainly thrown into the lap of the Anglican Church by whoever hit on the happy thoughb of sending the Kilburn Sisters to Australia, So fierce hau the fight become in Primate Smith's sa6cy,sticallv-3tyled -:Oae Holy and Undivided Church ' now, that an infuriated Jamb in the Summ^rhill fold has threatened to horsewhip his beloved shepherd, over an allegod insult offered to the Sisters, and fche shepherd from his pulpit-fold plainly told his rebellious disciple to ' put up his dukes ' and have the matter out at once in the good old styl 3 of a prize ring ' scrap with the raw 'uno.' As an inducement; tor uio min vvicu ono uoroewnip do face tbe music the mock and lowly apostle 0? Summerhill iucideutally mentioned that in hia college days he had thrashed a hulking bargee (that seeens to be a material parb of a parson's early religious training), and he had also pub a head on a wild Irishmen who had expectorated in his oye5 or offered soma other Blight indignity which no hi^h- toned English gentleman posieas ing a supersensibive aoul could brook in silence. In spita of all this encouragement bo 'come on and have ib cut;,' however, the mun with the horsewhip still ' keeps dark off the weather bow,' but ifc is eafo to say that the Kilbura Sisters have givou a decided twist to the Anglican Church here. Concerning the sweet Sisters tbemselve?, it is utterly impossible for them to do any wrong, for they are continually under fcho Argua eyes of quite a numbor of tho Freeman's Journal staff. Two prominent members of the said staff live duo N. oE the Kilbum Home at Wavetley, and within a easy call in time of danger. Another, aa he pens 'screed,' keeps watch and ward over the front o£ tho building, while I command a view of the back premise?, and in a time of great emergency I could at a moment's notice be pressed into service and employed to bold six ou seven of the orphan babies on the Kilbura block. Ifc has been said that there is no danger of fche Kilburn Sisters going over to the Church 0? Some. Perhaps not ; but there- is come danger that the Freeman staff may go ovei; to the Kilbum Sisters. Mrs. Julian Aohton went ovec to the Sistera a few days ago, and her own account o£ the fun that followed is exquisite. Taking Sister May aside, Mrp. .Ashton asked her qaietly if she thought it was the correct thing for Bisteis to attend to babieei, and if Bhe had noted the nasty remark a certain papers had made upon the matter. ' We never read the paper?,' was the innocent reply, and when Mrs. Ashton recovered from the shock which this answer gave her ehe inquired what the Sitters thought of the noted Mrs. Besaut'a opiaioa on family matters ia general. f- Mrs. Besant !'* said fche simple Sister wibh mild surprise, ' ivho is Mrs. Besant ? We have never heard of her before!' I don't think that little episode can be sut' passed even by the story of the nisa who became so enraged by Mark Twcin's assumed ignorance of great men that he excitedly shouted, ' Con found it oil, did yar ever bean: o£ Adam P' ' What was Ms other name ?' That silenced the other fellorc completely. And in likermmnej? Mra Ashton has given the Kilburn Sisters up £or ever. In tbe name of the chaste Susanna, what ill thunder can we expect from women who have never even heard of Bradlaugh's beauty, Mrs. Annie Beoant ? It's enough to drive ' FnuBtine' herself into ti nunnery. It is very certain that fche Protestant olergy. men read the papers, however, and of late a portion of them have written the greater part o£ our dailies as well. And the whole of these apostles' epistles to the faithful now are filled with complaints. The unfortunate ministers murmur that they have eio food, no clothes, no stipends, ' no nothing,' in fact-=-except pheno. menally large families. Somehow the poor person's family generally runs ia an inverse ratio to his mioepable stipend, and in some instances iastead of fighting against Satan ifc takes him all his time to bluff tbe bailiffs. I once dined with a Profcestanfe clergyman whoao family quiver was so very full of arrowg that he was never quite sure of the exact number at all. Jodfi as my friend was about half-way through the six-furlong 'grace' he web saying over the sumptuous diBh of corned bee£ and cab bage before him, he stopped short, and, turning to his wife, said :—' Annip, shouldn't fchere ba another child at tbe far end of the table ?' ' I hope nor,' was the prompt reply ; ' there seems to be quite enough of us already.' And then the weary woman had to walk round and count the heads before she could decide fche matter. It was then discovered that the paraon's doubfc was well founded. There was one tow-headed youngster missing, but he was Boon discovered nest door dining with tho neighbours. And oa his mother asking him with a sweet persuasive smile if he wouldn't rather come home to dinner, the dutiful lad, who was ' over seven' and had been there before, emphatically replied, 'No bloomin' fear ! Why we've got puddin' here to day and I never sees that at home!' There were thirteen children in that minister's family, and, with tho exception of the eldest son, who was earning ,£1 a week, all were dependent on the poor, struggling, debt- arushed parson. I have been a staunch believer in the celibacy of the clergy over since. 