WAS IT A OHOST THEY SAW? MRs. HU H. JESNIcGS lives at Noa 21lI MLaiu.etreet, Bridgeport, and Miss Mi nie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one,. but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a 'soul in the house. They left the gas burning,. however, in the front parlour. At shabout half*past II1 they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as th y went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in theo middle of the room stood a daok man,. of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming throagh the eyehole in it. His shirt-aleves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old- fashioned pistol The women Sod screaning from the room, and when Mr Jen singe came in, five minutes later, he fonod no one in the parlour, and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was. it the women saw ? ' Daring a recent period of ill .health,' writes an American friend, " I had sleptbadly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about 2 o'losck, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by rohals seenmed like the calling ofmy name ; andat.the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother,, just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a. rhilway disaster. I screamed and faintedi. I was. foolish enough to tell of it, and ths.local old women goessis said it weas a summons, and I never would get well. Yet I di, and anm i. perfect health now. I believe that vision casme of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it simo, and it's more than tlreeyesaraago.no.' No doubt at was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the trikha the aserves will play off on you when your eyetermisnat of condition. In March, 1890,.It waythat Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott-r.oad, Poklteedow?n Hants, wrote us as follow.:-'" was so dveadfully nervous I could notbear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away, in case I should call onot fo hbel. This was in June, 1889\. I spt veroy badly, aod in the moruseg felt little the better for having gone to obd. There wan?ofte a severe pain m oty head and over my eyes1 and I was sick most of the time. My skiamwasdry and yellow, and the stomach and homaelsf e cold and dead. By.and.bye I had to.le helples in bed. The dontor said he didut knew what my complaint was. I took nothing bat liquid food, and could not retain eon that on my stomach. By this time I was anthi"hg ht skin and bone. . y memory com letely fied. My head ached a dreadfully thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. UI bad given up all hope, when one day Mre West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. . She told me she was her aelf once just as badly off and was cured by Mother Seigel'e Coraties Syrup. As she seemed to have no much faith to this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervosne prostra tion. The original seanse was grief and shock as the violent death of her husband by ac cident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion, and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia' Ghosts come from the inside of the persons who sees them; and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 