FOR THOSE WHO REMAIN. By John Fabbell. No. V.-HOW It IB 'With UM.-(Continu*d.) There ia no need to refer statistically to the monopolisation of land in other colo nies than those referred to. New Zealand is far and away in the best position as re gards the distribution of land ownership, and recently enacted laws tend to improve that position. A few months ago an article appeared in a finanoial journal on the subject of a projected great sale of a huge estate belonging to a Land and In I of Christehurch. In the interests of a number of London and .--other shareholders and in view of increasing taxation of land values, this estate, which had been grow ing in value for three decades and blocking ? the progress of settlement, was to be brought io the hammer. The owners bad oome to the decision that people might at last be permitted to use it— at a big price. I But there was only one offer. Out of a large number of farm subdivisions sub nutted only one was bid for. — Tue finauuiuh journal in question pointed out that, since under the Perpetual Leaseholders Bill those who wanted land for use could get it without any uuUuy uf cai-ulul, t»u-l. «Wlu security of tenure they were not likely to pay large sums for freehold. That's what's the matter with New Zealand at present. The pressure of the progressive tax on land values, crude as this is in principle and in oiiffinianf in onniinafinn ia mriuavtfv fKa KffV land owners to look around for tenants and offer better terms. And the fact that they ' can get land from the State by paying the * annual unimproved rental, and keep it as '' long as they do so, is making tenants inde pendent. From all the colonies, especially from Victoria, population is moving ? : ' steadily towards New Zealand. I Lately I have made special inquiries into the condition of a district 6f Victoria i which I know well, and in which for a j dozen years' I followed the plough and . grubbed trees for two bob each, big and — : ? littlo, finally — reaching — the altitude of feeder of a threshing machine — or ' Thrasher ' as we called it. Then there — I ? was a large numoar 01 tanners whbiu sub \ circle of my acquaintance, all neighbours in j an area of a few miles, living j fairly well and looking forward to living better some ; day. Now there are few— certainly not half as many. Three great estates, chiefly pastoral, have absorbed the bulk of the farms. The owners of these estates may be all right or may be mortgage-slaves for the banks. But there is not one-third of the people employed in the district that there once was, and those who are em ployed are worse off than they were twenty years ago. Most of the young fellows I knew then have drifted away to Mel . bourne to swell the half-employed multi ? tnde who-there keep offices and work land and mining swindles or try to sell sewing ? machines. I know ofjuet such another district in New South Wales. When Sir John Robwrtwon's Act gave the signal, settlement fairly swarmed to it. Hun dreds of families came within a year or two, and public schools went up. Five years later the biggest local land owners began, with or without the aid of the banks, to buy out those settlers who were ( not their dummies. Now the public schools are deserted, the farm houses in ruins, and the merino grazing within the ? all-embracing wire fence. The people who should be working there are, perhaps, among the Sydney unemployed to-day. And now many other such districts are there in New South Wales? Coghlan's figures show how buying up and dummying still go on. I have before me as I write a pamphlet issued in Melbourne in 1888, when the rabies of the great land boom had first stricken the people. The purpose of this pamphlet was to fan the flame ; to inspire \---- — -everybodywith^tSe^desire to-feay^-up the^ land and make fortunes bv Dreventinsranv ?orie from using it except under heavy blackmail. The story of that national in sanity has become history. The press, a blind leader ofthe Ijlind, jrqfessed J» jee ? proofs of increasing prosperity in the fact that men were bidding against each other for the privilege of preventing production. The increasing prices demanded for cer national wealth, instead of barriers raised against its production. Land was forced up to a value in some cases tenfold more than its ordinary rate : forced up to a point at which no use to which it could be ? put would yield one-quarter of 1 pdr oont return on the outlay. The truth is that be- . fore the boom began people had to pay such prices for the use of land that they could only just go on and make ends meet — many of them not being able to do even that. The land did not suddenly become fivefold or tenfold more productive. The values that were gambled in were unreal , from the start. So it necessarily came to pass that before the end thousands had been ruinod and tens of thousands robbed. The sharpest of the engineers of this huge crime — for it was no less — kept their fin gers on the pulse of the fevered public vic tim. They knew, like Tennyson's elderly scoundrel, when to 'drop off gorged from a Bcheme that left him flaccid and drained. ' But poetic justice overtook many of them who were not so sharp, and they now figure among the miserable multitude who beg scraps and refuse from the sixpenny restaurants. The pamphlet I refer to is fascinating and persuasive. It has a view of Mel - ' bourne in 1838, a village with a few -houses Bet among trees, and another of the Mar vellous Melbourne of fifty years later, with its wilderness of mortgaged brickwork, its spires and its fleet of shipping at Sand ndge, brought within the range of vision by an imaginative artist. The progress of the colony is illustrated by details of de posits in banks, savings banks and building societies ; exports and imports are given, the number of churches and public schools, the miles of railways and gas mains, the number of horses, sheep, cattle, pigs and public lamps. In order further to dazzle the public mind it is notified that the Hon. M. H. Davies, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, had in the previous year given [ . _ £50,000 as a Jubilee gift to Melbourne in mstitutions and that Alderman Benjamin Benjamin had just been re-elected mayor. Jnfen the pamphlet got down to business by ' fumishiug a plan of the allotments sold at the first land sale in the City of Melbourne, giving the names of the original buyers, the pricesthey paid, and the value then, in 1888, of tne allotments purchased. This first sale of Melbourne lands was held on June 1, 1837. Five city blocks °f *w,en% lots eaph were put up and sold, the bidding being spirited. The block ? toS?? -fe'-SltofceiwUiiML William and treasury the sum of £760. The next twenty lots, the block between Bourke, Collins, William and Queen street*, fetched alto gether £1037. Those between Queen, Bourke, Elisabeth and Collins streets went at £584 ; those Tjitween iOollins, ' Queen, Elisabeth TMidHfFKnders streets at £686; and those between Swanston, Collins, Elisabeth and Bourke streets at £484. The whole of the 100 lots realised a lump sum of £3491. In 1880, just fifty yean later, the ground value of the first block re ferred to was £2,706,600, of the second £3,640,100, of ttHTtbird -£3,929,500, ^-f the fourth £4,352,400, and of the fifth £4,304,800, making in all £18,933,400. Nearly nineteen million of capitalised land ^vftlae,4ceording to^his estimate, 4iad been legally stolen from the people of Victoria by the buyers at that first land sale and their heirs and assigns. If these five blocks had remained in the possession of the State and had similarly increased in lion pounds would be received from the tenants of them. This revenue is now being paid (or rather was in 1888) to pri vate owners, by tenants, who, in addition, are heavily taxed for governmental ex pensea. They, along with the other tenants and workers, have to furnish the monies with which railways and public works of all kinds are built ; monies whose expenditure in every case benefits land owners, and benefits nobody else. To those who have not closely looked into the matter it may seem exaggeration to Bay tnis. lney may ask : \Uo not all persons in a community derive advantage from the building of a railway which enables them to travel from place to place more expeditiously and cheaply, greatly .assists production by making easier. Jihe interchange of products, and in a hun dred ways promotes general advancement?' The answer is that they do not. They would do so if rents for every town or agri cultural site advantaged by increased rail way extension, and ruing in proportion to such increase of advantage, were paid into the public till for communal use. The opening of railways, and every other result of public taxation which has tended to aid settlement in Victoria has made Melbourne more advantageous as a centre of commer cial exchange. That advantage has gone absolutely to the owners of the floor on which Melbourne stands. Every railway extension, every important public improve ment at the taxpayers1 cost, has been ac companied by a corresponding increase of rent. As has before been shown, every thing proceeding from human intelligence or from forces beyond human control which might benefit humanity, now benefits only that very limited section of it which is per mitted to prey upon the rest. ilUHUVIUUO ID UVFVT VUVZ UUUTQIgUlg £MJ1UU of many lines of railway, the mart and storehouse of Victoria. Maldon is a com paratively small mining town up- country in Victoria. In Maldon you can lease for business purposes a building which cost £1000 to build, for, say £100 a year, and by ' civility and strict attention to business ' — by working yourself and those you em ploy as hard as possible, and cutting things almost superhumanly fine, you may con tinue to live in order that you may con tinue to work yourself and the others. In Melbourne you can get a building, say in Bourke Street, which also cost £1000 to build, and where five or ten times as much business can be done. But you pay five or ten times as much every year for permission to do it, and are no better off in the long -Ftt& — The building cost no more. — Tb* builder (a working producer, like yourself) doesn'tget anything extra' oat of whtit you pay. The landowner who, as such, isn't a working producer, gets aU the difference. If you have to rent the opportunity to work at anything in town or country you are, on the average, in just the same fix. A thousand pounds, or ton thousand, used in business on the best site* that can be hired yields no better return on the average than if «milarly^mployed on the least desirable site in use for the same purpose. On the first of June, 1837, Thomas Brown paid £41 for the corner of Collins and ElizabethfitreetB,2^5hainsi)y^ chains 37f Tinks. In 1888 this allotment was worth £493,500. That is not the greatest instance of increase of Melbourne land values oyer the original price by a long way, but it will do. Thomas Brown might lave departed thin life ah due full of tuu hammer without having materially affected the present value of that corner, and the successive owners of it (if there have been any) might have never lived. It was the growth of Victoria, the presence and needs of its people up to June, 1837, wnicn made that land then worth £41. The same factors made it worth £493,500 in 1888. Thelaw took ttie flret^valuB^OTTrablie rase, but in return handed over all future value to the buyer. The law is an ass in thus losing sight of the principle on which it is based— and the people make the law or seem to think they do. If Mr. Brown for his £41 had been handed over 750 square mileB of such country land aB is now worth £1 per acre it would be regarded as a groBs wrong to others who wanted to use land. But people want to use town land as well as country hind, and the power of pre venting them from doing so, and of levying blackmail upon them, would be about the same in each case. This is what Max Hirsch and a few other clear-headed men are just beginning to hammer into the old red sandstone brain of the Victorian public By-and-bye the people will wake up with a rush and discover that it is not the wealth engaged in production but that engaged in. preventing jroduction which should be taxed. They will then, Instead of taxing their own weekly earnings in the form of grain, meat, clothing, machinery, and so on, require Thomas Brown and all his kind to put something in the Treasury slot. If Mr. Brown still wished to mono polise £493,500 worth of land he will be expected to square the public to the extent of over £24,000 a year. The people will not then seek to encourage production by paying big bomues to agents who export rancid butter, or by subsidising landowners through the medium of brown coal briquettes. They will do it, not for one class of producers but for all, by making those who now prevent production get out of the way. A native of Friesland just before giv ing up the ghost directed that 100 unem ployed citizens should be paid 4b. to follow his remains to the grave. Doubtless he went to heaven in the firm belief that he had solved the out-of-work problem. The Prince of Wales as a member of the Poor Law Commission has visited a London workhouse and 'found the ar rangements admirable.' So muoh so in fact that he thinks of turning in there with his wtte ana family— when the people ate. 