SOUTH AUSTRALIAN ALLIANCE. ANNUAL CELEBRATIONS. On Saturday, February 25, the annual meetings and demonstration inoonneotion with the South Australian Alliance were held, and they were characterized throughout with inuoh entnusiaem. xne atcenaanoes were gooa, ana the reports and speeches showed that the organization is as determined as ever in its crusade against the liquor traffic. _ T11E BUSINESS MEETING. The business meeting was held at the Reeha bite Hall, Grote-street. in the afternoon, the President (Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C.) occu pying the chair. There was a good attendance. The Hon. Sechetaby (Mr. M. Wood Green) read the annual report, which stated:— Tho year now closed has not been one of marked progress, although the executive feel that they may congratulate tte members upon the satisfac tory position maintained, notwithstanding the severe financial depression that has prevailed dur ing the greater part of 1892, and the consequent falling off of financial support, which has required the exercise of care and economy on tbe part of your committee. At the last annual business meet ing an alteration was made in the Constitution provioing for an Increase in the number of tbe Executive Committee by tbe addition of representa tives from the various temperance bodies, with a view to increase tbe efficiency of tbe Alliance as the representative political organization of temperance. All the Temperance Societies were invited to appoint members to the executive, and in most cases did so, but owing to difficulties in the way only a few have been able to attend tbe meetings. We are hopeful that during the coming year these difficulties may be overcome, and that by tbe presence of represen tatives of every branch of temperance upon our executive its efficiency for carryiugout tbe purposes of the Alliance may he increased. During the year tbe colony was visited by Mr. E. Dawson Sing, by wbose stirring and logical addresses many were con finned in their principles, and struggling causes in country districts were strengthened. Local Option Poll.—On April 13 tbe first local option poll under the Act of 1891 was taken at Mannum. Tbe chief element in the district is German. Until the end of 1891 two cIuds bad been in full operation in Mannum, which, according to the testimony of residents, were not conducted creditably, being noted for (he excessive drinking going on at oil hours of day and night. On tbe refusal of the Licensing Bench to grant licences to these clubs under the new Act the Gorman residents deter mined to apply for a public-bouse licence, and for tius purpose appliedfor a local option poll, and there seemed every reason to expect that the vole in the whole district would bo for an increase of licences. Efforts were nude to create a public opinion Id favour of temperance, but owing to the large German element and tbe fact that tbe local liotelkeeper had rendered himself unpopular the poll was carried in favour of increase. As tbe re sidents of the town itself were opposed to tbe granting of additional licences tbey availed them selves of section 30 of the L.T. Act of 1S81, lodged a memorial with the Licensing Bench, and by that means succeeded in defeating the effort to increase the drinking facilities of the town. Applications for new wiie licences were made for Gawler, Good wood, and Happy Valley, but by tbe united efforts of the branches of the W.C.T.U. and the Alliance were refused in each case. Club LtcenceB.—When the Licensed Victuallers' Act of 1891 was passed it was confidently expected that a final end had been madeof thenrany abuses connected with theexistence of unlicensed clubs, where drinks could be had free from the police supervision exercised over licensed houses. The Adel-ide Licensing Bench refused to issue licences for clubs which did uot provide living and lodging accommodation for their members, ana this led to litigation, the result of which was that the law was found to be defective, and a number of clubs still continue to sell alcoholic liquors under the old unsatisfactory conditions. It was expected that the Government would have introduced a short amendir g Act to remedy the defect, but owing, it is presumed, to two changes of Government during the session, nothing has been done. Sunday-closing.— Owing to U e conditions existing at the end of the session of 1691, when the Sunday el.-sing clauses of the Act were carried, and the defective draftsman ship resulting from insufficientlime for deliberation, tiie operation of tho clauses providing for Sunday closing have proved very defective. Section 9G of tbe Act of 18S9, which provided for the keeping closed of bll outer doors connected with the bars and other purposes, was repealed, and no equivalent provision was inserted in tbe new Act. This, and tbe inade quacy of the precautions as to travellers and lodgers, has made it so difficult for the police to eecure con victions that violations are constantly occurring. There is no doubt that since entire Sunday-closing became law there is less drinking than previously, hut the frequency with which the law is broken and the difficulty of securing convictions makes it im perative that the law should be amended so that its intention may he more easily carried out. The pro vision as to travellers and lodgers is destroying the peace and quiet of our seaside resorts, so that the houses do more business than on week days. This is a great evil and ought to be remedied, either by the repeal of the traveller and lodger clause or by tbe increase of the distance to be travelled, and by defining a traveller as one who is continuing bis journey beyond the place where refreshments are served. The point is one of so much difficulty, and where the serving of travellers and lodgers is allowed an opening is made for so much evasion of the Act, that as there is no such travelling done on Sundays as to make the serving of liquor* necessary, it would seem to be wise to abolish the traveller and lodger clause altogether, or in lieu of this to give power to tbe police to demand the names of all persons found on any licensed premises other than tbe family, and to institute enquiries as to their bona fides as travellers and lodgers, and in the event of there not being such their presence on the licensed premises to be considered bona-fide evidence of a violation of the Act, and pnnisbment to follow accordingly. We hope to see some such provision inserted in an amended Act. Amending Licensed Victuallers Bill.—During tbe year the Hon. 8. J. Magarey, M.D., our'esteemed President, introduced an amending Licensing Bill into the legislative Council. The Bill was introduced and read a first time, but as it was not considered pos sible to get it passed during the session, as there seemed no probability that tbe Houses would pass it in tbe then condition of public business, and aa tbe special purpose in introducing it in Parliament was to place it before the countiy prior to the general elections, tbe second reading was not pressed, and it was discharged from the Order paper. It is tbis Bill that your executive have de cided to ask all the members of the Alliance to support, and to ask from the respective candidates a definite promise that if elected tbey will vote for it. It was deemed wiBer to prendre a Bill and ask a definite premise to support the principles of the Bill than to ask the question its to whether the candidate was in favour of "local option," because of the different ways in which candi dates, when elected, interpret local option. The Bill will admit of verbal amendment, so as to moke Its provisions more complete, but the executive sincerely hope the electors will require a definite promise from all candidates that they will vote for tbe principles embodied in the Bill. Drink Tragedies.—During the year we have had many proofs of the need of the reforms we are seeking to effect both in oar awn and in the neigh bouring colonies. In our own midst we had the dreadfnl Carter-Edwards tragedy, and from the other colonies and from Britain come eqnally terrible illustrations of the crime-producing character of tbe drink traffic, not only justify ing the reforms for which we ask, bnt making it the imperative duty of all in the State to continue agitating until these reforms are granted. The Industrial Aspect.—Its effects from an industrial point of view are disastrous. In Britain £111,000,000 is annually spent in drink: in Canada and the Australian Colonies, £30.i»>>.00'l; in the United States, £180,000,000; or a total ny the English -speaking people of America, Britain, and the colonies of £351,000,000. When we remember that, jt has been demonstrated beyond cavil that money when used in the drink traffic only give employment to one.tenth the number of persons who could be employed were the money used in the ordinary channels of industry it will be seen that ■apposing 2,000,000 to be employed by this enormons mm of money as now used in the drink trade, then tf used in other trades it would give employment to not less than 20,090,000, or 18.000.000 more than are now employed. When this thought is once grasped it will be seen that the settlement of the drink problem is largely also the settle ment of the unemployed problem. When this question is looked at calmly in all its bearings it must be apparent tbat it is those who are engaged in agitating for temperance reform who are the enlightened and far-seeing statesmen and philanthropists of the day, and tbat those who, because of the desire to gratify an artificial and depraved appetite refuse to aid in this work of reform and even oppose it, are short-sighted and selfish, and are really the enemies of their fellows. A Wine Depot.—While the Government of Mr. Holder was in power a proposal was made by them in Parliament to grant a sum of money for the pur pose of establlshinga depot for South Australian wines in London. Your executive regarded this as a new and dangerous departure on the part of the Government, and being introdnced by a Ministry several members of which were regarded as friendly to our tause occasioned surprise and Borrow. An executive meeting was held to con sider the matter, with the result that a resolution protesting against the proposal was adopted. TMs was embodied in tbe form of a petition, and was presented in the Legislative Council by the Hon. Dr. Magarey and in the Assembly by Mr. J. Cock. Foi tunately the exigencies of the colonial Exchequer prevented the Premier from promising Immediate compliance with this demand, and as it was felt tbat were the request of the deputation granted an unwise precedent would be established your Secretary engaged in correspondence through the Press with a view to enlighten public opinion in the hope that the electors would express their disapproval of a grant being made, and that the colony might thus be saved from what your execu tive regard as a backward and mischievous policy. The General Elections.—As the general elections are to be held in April of the present year your executive take this opportunity to urge upon every member of tbe Alliance, as wall as upon every friend of tbe cause of temperance reform, the extreme necessity of demandingfrom every candidate for Parliament a clear and definite promise to vote for tbe principles embodied in Dr. Magarey's Licensed Victuallers Amending Bill, and to sub ordinate all smaller issues to this important one. There is now a clear issue placed before the electors by this Bill, so that no misunderstanding as to what is intended need arise. Four executive, therefore, urge tbat every candidate be distinctly asked at all meetings whether, provided he is elected, he will 7ote for tbe principles of tbe Bill. We urge that we have now arrived at a critical period in our history as an organization. We hare succeeded iu creating a favourable public opinion; we have lifted local option into tbe regionofpractical politics, . so that it is not nowtidlculed as absurd and Utopian; we have wrested Sunday-closing from our opponents at a time wnen tbey expected to be exultant over our defeat and their own victory. What we need now is that we shall he a really united body, believ ing with all our hearts in the efficacy, necessity, and urgency of the reforms for wbiclt we plead; that with one voice we show to Parliament that we demand that the drink traffic shall be placed under the absolute control of the people at the ballot boxes, and we may rest assured that if we do this our uliiuiateand early success is assured. Litera ture.—During tbe year a large amount of literature has bees printed, and a considerable proportion of it circulated, together with a quantity printed during previous years. For nine months of the year the Alliance has bad no stated lecturer. It is hoped that the executive may be placed in such a position during the coming year that an efficient lecturer in tliie department may he provided. We have again to report the continued success ot our newspaper, the Alliance and Temperance Xcios, which maintains its place in public favour as a vigorous ad vocate for temperance reform. Finances. —Although the year has been one of considerable financial strain, and the subscriptions have conse quently fallen off, we are glad to be able to report that our finances are n a most satis factory condition, tbe end of the year find ing us with a small balance in the Bank. We regard tbe outlook for the future as most hope ful. Since the inauguration of the Alliance much work has been done and good progress made. All that is needed !b to continue steadily on our course, neither deterred by discouragements nor unduly elated by partial successes, but, keeping the goal in view, press steadily forward for the entire emanci pation of the people from tbe thraldom of drink. We have to acknowledge with pleasure the aid given to the Alliance by all kindred organizations, and as in union is strength we trust the spirit of union may increasingly prevail. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The following were elected for the year 1893: —President, Hon. Or. Magarey, M.L.C. (re-eleoted); Vice-Presidents, Mrs. S. L. Evans, Hons. J. H. Angas, M.L.C., R. S. Guthrie, M.L.C., Dr. Cockburn, M.P., L. Grayson, M.P., Mesars. W. Gilbert, M.P., R. Caldwell, M.P., F. W. Holder, M.P., Revs. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., S. Mead, M.A., F. Hastings, J. Thome, Dr. ChriBtqpher Bollen, Messrs. D. Nock, J.P., J. M. Dowie, J.P., J. Picketing, T. Rhodes, G. W. Cole, and M. H. Madge; Hon. Secretary, Mr. M. Wood Green; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. J. M. Dowie; Executive Council, Meters. D. Nock, J. Cook, M.P.; E. HounBlow, E. Alcock, J. N. Birks, G. J. Oresswell, A. O. Chambers, Revs. .T. G. Wright, J. Nicholson, F. Hastings, C. T. Newman, O. Lake, and A. E. Green, and two representatives each to be appointed by the exeeutives of the two districts I.O.R. and Sons of Temperance, and four from the W.C.T.U. It was resolved that the quorum for exe cutive meetings be reduced from ten to live members. Tbe President (Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C.) then delivered his Presidential address, in tbe course of whioh he said;—"I am oon acious of the honour that has been bestowed upon me in being re eleoted to the position of President of tne S.A. Alliance. I have been connected with the Alliance since its inception, and have watched with pride and satisfaction its growing power and influence. It has survived seasons of anxiety and ad versity, but has come through the ordeal stronger and more vigorous than ever. It has members in nearly every district in the oolony, Its official organ, the Alliance and Temperance News, has a large oir cnlation throughout South Australia, and refieots great ' credit upon its able editor; and it has been the means of spread ing sound views upon temperance and tempe rance legislation amongst the people of this colony. Some fruit as the result of our labours has appeared, but the time of the full harvest is not yet. Lot us remember that this is not a Sooiety formed for the purpose of regulating the drink traffic; our main objeot is the sup pression of the traffic. We maintain that the use of alcohol, except for medicinal par poses in rare instan?es, is an evil, and that it is the duty of the State not to licence its sale, but to suppress it. If a fanatic should arise and demand that tbe enemy should be driven from the land, a howl of execration asB&ils; his ears from the trade, a choius of jibes and jeers from simple' tons drowns his counsel, and calm philosophers shake their wiee heads whilst they write an involved chapter upon the Bubject of personal freedom. That there will hi- a rude awakening we cannot doubt: the fanatic of to-day is the martyr of to-morrow. That palliatives and i placebos must give place to heroic remedies is I patent. What have the palliatives done? Are | we satisfied because we made him growl when, we extracted a fang with the Sunday-closing forceps ? No 1 the whole animal most go ere we can feci secure and the lives and interests I of our fellows he B&fe.; One great thing alone \ wg have done, and that is merely prepara tory to the final notice to quit. B.v the legislation of 1891 we gave him fifteen years' notice to quit, an absurdly long notice; bub as the years drift by re newal as a matter of course goes by the I Board. We gave him then a blow that he felt I and will feel more and more. Bub it is only a preliminary step. Our main work still lies be fore ns. What, then, is it that we demand! We demand that the power shall be extended^ to the people-to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors in their districts ? We do not demand the right—that is ours already—we demand legislative authority. We demand that before any licences are granted the residents in any particular district shall be asked whether any hcenoes are required by them. This is the 'direct veto.' We discard the old name of 'local option,' which our enemies and oppor tunists generally have bereft of all definite meaning. This is the most important pro vision m the Bill that I had the honour of introducing last session, and whinh I tem porarily withdrew owing to the late period of the session in which I introduced it. Of course the provision waa met with some ridicule upon its introduction, but as ridicule is the first experience of all radical legislation we feel justified in assuming that it will soon pass to its next stage, viz., that of uncom promising opposition, which is _ usually the prelude to success. For, indeed, it is too late to ridicule the direct veto. We have illus trious advocate? of the principle in other countries. The Conservative Parliament of 1891 in England passed the second reading of the Direct Veto Bill for WaleB by a majority of 7\. We have on our Bide suoh men ns dad stone, Harcourt, Morley, Canon Wilberforce, Sir Wilfrid Lawaon, and Thomas Burt, and the late Cardinal Manning waa its ardent advocate. The direct veto is also a plank in the platform of the Liberal party in England, and already Mr. Gladstone has given notioe of a Bill in this direction. Hence sneers come too late, especially in a democratic country like this. Though as an Alliance we are going directly for the power of the direct veto our attitude towards other reforms is consistent and friendly. We will sup port any scheme which promises to lessen the evils of the drink traffic, provided that such scheme does not obstruct our path way, and does not appear as a Siren to mislead us. We are prepared to consider any scheme of licensing reform if it is clearly understood that no such system shall come into foroe until the people are consulted as to whether they wish for any licences at all. If the direct veto is granted but not exercised, then undoubtedly some Licensing Board is required, and we are prepared to use our good offices to secure the beBt Board available. We are prepared to assist in making Sunday-closing effective, in reducing thehours of sale in favour of employes, even to the adoption of the eight-hours system or even less. We are prepared to assist publioaus in shutting up shebeens and clubs and sly drinking dens, and of keeping children free from its temptations. Our movement is a reform movement, and we are driven in times like these to consider our relation to other reform movements. Our attitude as an Alliance at the ballot- box hitherto has been to vote irrespective of party—we do not ally ourselves to any one or more parties. What ever our individual sympathies may be, and I think my own are fairly well known, our atti tude as an Alliance is to know no party. Hence we may be found supporting a ' Tory' in one district, a 'labour member' in another, and a 'moderate' in another. We have no prejudice against any man's religion. We have friends and enemies in all denominations. As an Alliance we unfeignedly rejoice that women are throwing themselves into the work of rescue, and the W.C.T.U., under those noble women,'Miss Franoes E. Willard and Lady Somerset, are putting to shame and apathy and timidity of other workers. The Alliance has had oommitted to it the political aspeot of the temperance question, and under many difficulties and with much imperfection the work is being carried on. But I very much fear that temperance advocates are relyiug too much upon the politioal arm, and are neglecting the educational and moral persuasion contingents. It is gratifying to notioe tho progress that is being made amongst the Temperance Benefit Societies, the increase of their numbers and funds, the won derful progress of the Bechabites, Sons of Temperance, and the Good Templars. We are pleased to notice the renewed activity amongst Bands of Hope. This is the most im portant branch of the moral suasion move ment, and it is a matter for regret that the Band of Hope Union is not so blessed with funcsand workers as to make greater progress. Secure the children and you secure the future, may become a power for good, and that the workers amongBt them may rise to a full realization of the importance of their work. The Woman's C.T.U. has become a great and effective power, and works with wonderful persistence and holy zeaL But I would respectfully advance the opinion that a more vigorous institution should arise from the ashes of the Total Abstinence lieogue to take thoroughly into its hands the work of edu cating the people generally into the advantages of total abstinence. It is with regret that I thus hurriedly refer to points upon which I long to linger. What above all I should urge as an essential to success is that we should all be filled with an adequate conception of our mission. We see a crying evil in our land, the ] land we love, that is blighting the prospects of our country, the happiness of our fellows, that creeps into our homes and spoils our nearest and dearest ones; and wo ask our statesmen, who supinely allow euch evil, to rid our country of it, or else give to us the power to do so for ourselves, to bestow upon us the direct veto by which we oanoleanse our district at least from the evil. We ask them to give us the power which is now possessed by landlords to keep the traffio from their estates, and we demand that we shall have the power to keep the traffic from our estates; foi after all the country we live in is our estate, and we have a perfect right to claim that a traffic we detest Bhall not lie forced upon us for the pecu niary benefit of a few, the harm of the many, and the loss of the cummunity generally. It passes my comprehension how any man who 1 cares more for life than property, for justice I than greed, for meroy than mammon, can de cline to help us to advance our plea. It is a matter for congratulation that the temperance | movement has broken down to a large extent the ioy opposition of the Church, and that glowing embers are found in many of them where glaciers previously existed, but one is amazed to find even now ministers of religion bowing the knee before the shrine of Baochus. But the day is dawning—the long night of temperance agitation is passing into day, the spectres and ghosts of the darkness are gone, the fogs of doubt are lifting, and as the rays of tho coming sun dispel the gloom we recognise that the victory is ours, that unexpected allies have joined our ranks, that the days of thiB monopoly are numbered. The formidable army arrayed against us is melting away, and though ere the midday sun shall shine upon the field we may have been called benoe, yet it shall shine upon a sober and a happy people." Mr. E. Houksloxv moved—"That the best thanks of the meeting be given to the Bod. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C., for his very able address." Mr. Ai.cock seconded, Mr. Down-: and Mrs. Nichoj.ls supported, and was unani mously earned. 