THE MERCURY. HOBART: MONDAY, NOV. 13, W3. EPITOME OF NEWS. City Council calls for tomlorsfor the supply of iron pipes and for painting. Tenders for road forming and fencing at Tasman's Peninsula are called for. Wellington beat Darwent on Saturday by ten wickets. Burn, for former, scored 135 not out. Opening concert of the Tasmanian International Exhibition to-night. Special tram arrangements. Incessant rain marred all parade arratiRO monta yesterday at the Launceston Artillery encampment. Fillis's circus opens at Launceston on Friday next, and after a five nights' season comes on to Hobart. Nubeena, s.s., runs to Port Arthur on Mon- days and Thursdays, calling at places in roads. Prices for colonial butter still well maintained in England. Town destroyed by explosion of magazine!. Nanto imperfectly cabled. Bishop Kennion returning to Adelaide from England per ss. Himalaya. Chief cashier of Bank of England has resigned his position. British South African Company raising; more capital. Satisfactory prospects of trade in Queensland meat with Germany. Employers' Liability Act mangled by Imperial Government. Heavy claim made by Columbian sealers for being blocked out of Belinup Straits. Two Irish members of Parliament committed for trial as members of unlawful assemblies. British forces in Matabolo now centring on Bulawayo. Lo Bengula and his principal chiefs have taken up position elsewhere. The Very Rev. Dr. Delany, the newly appointed coadjutor to Archbish .]) Murphy, will be consecrated at Ballarat on the 10th proximo. V.R.C. spring; meet successfully concluded on Saturday. Steeplechase won by School- boy, the only one of the hold that got round without a fall. One hundred and thirty unemployed waifs found by members of Labour Conference sleeping in the old market buildings at Sydney on Saturday night. WorST some not over wise members of our own little Legislative Council profess to be shocked at fair and necessary criticism on their sayings and doings, the House of Lords pays no attention to language about its members, both individually and collectively, which may fairly be called brutal and vindictive. Possibly, the difference in the calibre of the members of the two Houses may explain this contrast, which is one-by which our downright profit, and at least team to assume the virtue of moderation if it has it not. Apart, however, from the subject of deportment, which should afford a lesson to all those colonies, the whole constitutionally governed world may be said to be deeply interested in the political developments now going on in the Mother Country, which must have a very marked effect on the general question of government by two Houses everywhere, but especially in the British colonies. The " revolu- tion " which was said to be going on by a recent writer in MacMillan's Magazine is visible enough now to even the least observing eyes, for the changes in the methods of legislation and in the relations of the two Houses are patent and palpable. In the Commons we find a steady decrease in the importance and the powers of that branch of the Legislature, whilst there has been a remarkable, and there is an increasing. growth of power and importance in that peculiar institution known as the Cabinet. This institution, which is purely of modern growth, is said to be unknown to the Constitu- tion, its doings are never reported, no minutes are kept of its proceedings, and there is an unwritten law which precludes any reference in public to what was done at its meetings. Owing to the new Standing Orders adopted by the House of Commons to overcome the obstruction of the Irish members, the Cabinet has acquired a new, terrible, and dangerous power, which appears likely to lead to a great change in the Constitution, or rather, we should say, in constitutional practice in the Mother Country. By means of what is called " the guillotine, that is, by the unsparing use of the closure, measures can now be passed through the House of Commons practically without discussion, so long as the Ministry, that is the Cabinet, can command a majority in the House. It has been said, therefore, that the Government of Great Britain is settling down to a system which practically consists of the Cabinet and the referendum, that is, when a Ministry has secured a majority it can dispense with all the discussions and safeguards which used to be thought essential to sound and wise legislation. The House of Commons has or will become it is predicted, not an assembly of the best intellect of the country consulting for the good of the people, but a mere assemblage of delegates with a man- date to do certain work in which it will be directed and controlled by the Cabinet. The process in future is to be, if we can trust the Radicals who are loud in their assertions of their power, a verdict of the country given on certain questions put to it by the Cabinet, and then the ruthless enforce- ment of this verdict in the House of Commons, even when there is but a bare majority in its favour, as in the case of the Home Rule Bill. If this forecast is correct, and it is based on current events, then it is evident that a new form of government is arising in Great Britain such as no other country has yet tried, and which is the antithesis of the form which has been hitherto regarded as essential to sound legislation, and the steady broadening down of freedom. It will be seen that this forecast i takes no account of the House of Lords. That House is, according to certain writers, who are not always Radicals, what the French call one qiiantitíncgliyable. This is, of course, a pure assumption which may or may not be found to be true, and we in cline to the opinion that in the end it will turn out to be absolutely false. For when we consider the position of the House of Lords care I fully, when we note all the indications ' of practical political thought and ., ' U "V P, I - .?". au, J action, we shall have abundant reason to think that the end of that House is not yet. It has, for example, made a deep mark in the country, and gained for itself great respect by its debate on the Home Rule Bill, which was a model of statesmanlike exposi- tion, and a manifestation of deep and earnest thought, affording a marked contrast with the proceedings in the House of Commons in connection with that same measure. It has convinced the more thoughtful portion of the community that a second Chamber is essential to the good government of the country, because it is already perceived that the House of Commons tends to become a more echo of the opinions of the numerical majority for the time being. Though certain ferocious Radicals talk of sweeping the Lords away, it is evident that the opinion of the country tends, on the whole, towards the creation of a more representative House, a House which shall not be open to the now common charge that it is mainly composed of persons who are born into the functions of legislators. Another fact has also become evident, that the old notion of " swamping " the House by a creation of new peers is more impractic- able than it ever was in regard to great questions, as the number required to be created would be too great to be within the bounds of possibility. Moreover, we have to note the fact that the peers created by Mr. Gladstone voted against the Home Rule Bill, nor can there over be any guaranty that peers once created will always be politically subservient. We take it, then, looking at all the signs of the times, that the great constitutional crisis in Great Britain will be in connection with the constitution of an Upper House. Public opinion inclines, we think, clearly towards some modification of the House of Lords which will make it more representative, or at least will enable its members to be supported by some form of selections that the present reproach of hereditary position, so often foolishly exaggerated yet always so potent, shall he avoided in the future. But, any change of this kind must make the House of Lords, whatever its future name may be, much stronger than it is, just in proportion as it becomes more in touch with the people, whether by reason of election or some other mode of choosing members, so will its power increase, and its ability to resist the Commons on special occasions, be enhanced. In fact, what Lord SïimumooKi: predicted, as sure to be necessary, in the face of such men as Biuaiix, Gladstone:, and Lord BEACONsrifiLU.is now perceived to be what is required, and to the gaining of this public opinion appears to be tending. A House of Commons which only represents numbers, must be counterbalanced by another House' representative of intellect and experience, and if such a House be constituted, then the future of Great Britain will depend more upon the Upper than the Lower House, and the revolution will prove to be a Conservative one after all. Mr. Bike was undoubtedly, quite right in saying that the village settlement arrangements will have to be very carefully considered, and, we may add, even something more will be required. Nothing is more easy than to draw out schemes upon paper, and nothing is more foolish than the glib nonsense talked by ignorant writers about the wonderful things that are to he done by letting the people loose upon the land. No doubt, there are a few we are afraid only a very few-who will contrive to make a home almost anywhere, but, as a rule, these are the very persons with whom the community have not to deal. They are not found usually amongst the unemployed, for they managed generally to light their way even against the most ad vance circumstances. It may he taken for granted that the bulk of the persons who will go into these village settlements, are persons who know very little if anything, about country work, and whose wives and families have but a faint idea of what is required of them when all the wants of a family have to be provided for in a place where there are no shops, and there is no running out to buy what is needed for a meal. We take it, therefore, that a great deal of instruction and train ing will have to be given to fit the settlers for the work which they will have to do, so that' it will be essential that competent instructors shall be provided. Nor is it at all, or even the principal part of what will he required. an absolute necessity will be, to devise some form of government, by which the contracts entered into can be enforced, and unsuitable settlers, or tattler pretending settlers, can be promptly and office finally got rid of, and especially the pernicious arts of professional agitators most rigidly ex cluded. It has been said, in an offhand sort of manner, that those who do not behave themselves or are unsuited for the work are to be expelled, but we are not told how this is to be done. We read in the scheme for Now Australia that the persons who are not liked are to be sent away, but who is to send them, and how are they to be sent? Suppose they refuse to go and appeal to the law, what will happen then?" Suppose, again, they hold a counter public meeting and get a vote passed in their favour, what is to be the result ? They must fight it out as they please in Paraguay, and we only hope that they will not fall into anarchy, but if there are to be village settlements in this colour, there must he some way in which obligations can be enforced and discipline and industry secured. We should like to know what is to be done to this end, as we have heard of nothing yet. Thistle is a plethora of philanthropic proposals just now before the public. Scarcely has the project for building industrial dwellings been dropped, as presenting difficulties which would have launched the sanguine promoters on a sea of troubles than a new suggestion is made, and of the two very much the better, because coming somewhere within range of successful possibility. To build industrial dwellings improved habitations for working men and their families at a low rent on a scale in any degree commensurate with real utility would require the open purse of a George Peabody, ager. gross expenditure of accumulated wealth, purely as a means of doing good, and with a contented conviction that virtue is its own reward, rather than with an eye to ultimate profits. There are no stars Wickers of munificent philanthropy in Tasmania, The proposal now made by the Ladies' Christian Association to establish a Home for aged women of the better classes comes within the range of things that may be accomplished, especially as the initial effort, the renting of a cottage, in a very modest and comparatively inexpensive undertaking. The proposal, however, opens up the question of Alms Houses, which, in the present trend of social distresses will all too soon, become a necessity. The Ladies'' Christian Astada lion contemplate with hopefulness the gift of a suitable place of land, the erection of a suitable building, the assurance of regular annual subscriptions and, by-and-by, bequests from testators anxious, out of the abundance of their wealth, to leave some faint footsteps on the sands of time. Thus the system of AIiiib Houses will probably expand from the present humble beginning, and if pt properly managed may be made productive of infinite good solely by private benevolence. Such institutions of ancient origin in the mother country, are confided to the charge of functionaries with whom the law does not interfere, except the trust is abused or the funds for properly expended. This is the basis upon which any kindred institutions in Tasmania should be established, free altogether from the stigma of State charity. It is positively refreshing to hear of a benevolent proposal in which the parrot cry, " Govoriiniont help," finds no place. There are many reduced gentlewomen in our i midst to whom, in their declining years, the tempering of the wind of adversity would be a kindly and Christian-like duty in which a multitude might share with no best in kind but in degree" according to the various gifts at their command. family is what we may 9-11 a sweet simplicity about the attitude France has adopted In regard to Germany, and which has been shown for some considerable time past. Whilst the whole people scout to have gone fairly off their lloyds at the prospect of a close union with Russia, whilst the Triple Alliance is denounced in the papers in the most reckless manner, and there is a blaze of wrath against England because she is supposed to favour the alliance, we are assured that France ardently desires peace. A representative of a German newspaper interviewed M. Zola whilst he was in London, in order to learn his opinion as to the relations of France and Germany and that representative was told what he might very well have surmised beforehand, as he could have read it in almost any French review, and any day in the trout De Deux Mendes. M. Zola said In no case shall we take the offensive, but if we are attacked, soil and good. I; ii of not wish to deny the idea of revenge, but there is a great difference between cherishing an idea and putting it in practice." He went on to decide at some length that there was no war party in France, no . general who can claim the right to cover himself with the laurels of war," whilst all the leading statesmen were strongly in favour of peace. All this is very well, but, then, the observer is apt to ask what all the enormous military and naval preparations mean, and what is the -true signification of the delirious proceedings on the visit of the Russians ? M. Zola said that if the provinces were given back there could be no possible danger of war, but that he held to be impossible, but he admitted that " there was a lot of straw piled upon the Franco-German frontier, and one must not smoke there wantonly or otherwise." Now, all this amounts to the simple fact that France does not mean to give up thohopqof recovering the lost provinces, and will not secure peace by plainly declaring that she regards them as finally gone. We know that Germany has no desire to attack her can have no reason to do so, except to secure those provinces, and France deliberately chooses to keep up her claim to them, and show, by her preparations, that she means to enforce it some day. This appears to be the actual situation. The Federal Common. The Premier j has at length received a definite answer that the Federal Council will not meet this summer, It was hoped that the question of intercolonial freetrade would be referred to the Council for full consideration, but it appears that it is uotyotsniliu'.ently ripe. The Pi farmer of Victoria wired on Saturday to the Hon. Henry Dobson as follows:-" The meeting of Federal Council.- As chairman of the Standing Committee I beg to announce that the result of my consultation with members of the committee is that a meeting at the present juncture is not considered necessary, A copy of the correspondence will be sent by post for your information." Comiikiilah» Electorate In another column will he found an address by the Hon, Nicholas J. Brown to the electors of Cumberland on the subject of their future representation. He points out that the Royal assent to the formation of the electoral idea of each of Montagu will not be received for about seven woulce, but oh it is deemed necessary in the interests of the country at large that a general election should take place almost ¡inmciHitoly, it has been provided that the member chosen at this election shall be the future member for the old district of Cumberland, and that an election of a member for the new district of Montagu shall take place The fine the new Parliament assembles. Under these air- cumstances Mr. Brown Heck re-election for Cumberland, at the same time congratulating the West Coast upon obtaining the opportunity of choosing a separate member. 'JL'lio address is a very sensible one. Mr. Nicholas Brown promises to meet his constituents. an early date. Pai'ss Dinner -On Saturday evening the Ministry entertained the parliamentary staff of the Hobart and Launceston newspapers at a dinner at Heathorn's Hotel. The Hon. Adye Douglas, Chief Secretary, presided, supported by the Attorney- General (Hon. Neil Lewis). Host Heathorn catered in excellent style. After dinner an adjournment was made to the miuio-rouiti, where the remainder of a very pleasant social evening was spent. RnouoKD TRAM. Pmtviu".-On Saturday the tram service had to be reduced to about one-half its usual frequency owing to a fracture of the main shaft of one of the generators. Every effort is being made to repair the breakage as quickly as possible, and in the course of a day or two the full service will he resumed. Tick " Day Stab." This publication for the current month has been issued, but in reduced form. Diminishing support has caused this, and an earnest appeal was made for donations of special efforts of assistance whereupon the paper may soon resume its original form, or be published at a reduced price. The Day Star is an exceedingly well conducted journal of its class, has so far fulfilled a useful mission earnestly and well, and should not be permitted to succumb to passing depression. Tub Estimation Co.nukkt.-Tho management has called a special notice, which appears in another part of this paper. It should be carefully and by all who intend patronising the concert. The admission through turnstiles is a novelty in Hobart, and, until the public got used to it, needs careful attention ; one of the most important matters being the payment of the exact fee for admission, no change being given at the turnstiles. A change office and a cloakroom will be provided, and every effort made to prevent rush or confusion. Arrangements have been made with the Tram Company to have ample means of conveyance at hand at the close of the concert. Special trams will run to and from the suburbs before and after the performance The concert will commence immediately on the arrival of His Excellency the Governor at 8 p.m., and is expected to terminate about 10.15 p.m. Christian Endeavour Convention. increasing interest is being taken in the Tasmanian Christian Endeavour Union. The anuual convention will be held to- morrow and Wednesday. To morrow at the Primitive Methodist Church, Collins street, the promoters will in cot for devotional exercises at 7 to 8 a.m., and at 7.30 p m, the public will be admitted after the rain boB of the societies are seated. For Wednesday several meetings are advertised. Special train¡nrrangomouts have been made to bring some (li) delegates from Launceston, whose presence will add much to the in the car of the proceedings. A Gaudi'N Party. No v. C. J. Brammall announces that a girl a party will he given at the Parsonage on Wednesday next, the day on which therefore races will be held, to which all are invited. Tun world sons tom d and not square, as some imagine; but Mrs. S. A. Allan's World's Hair, Restorer still bear the palm for restoring the youthful colour and brilliancy to the hair. ' Sm r.Ein CanT. The Supreme Court Civil Sittings will commence to-morrow. There are four cases down for trial. The first and most important is that of Fun ton and Air. v. the Queen, in which M,2'.') is claimed in an alleged breach of contract. Thucuao is likely to last several days. The other cases are :- Floyer v. Smith, rout, 19TH 12s. 'I'i.; Wortley and Ora. s. ijiiuoiisliind Smelting Co. Linked, Bale of ore, £170; McGregor v. Hawkes, £2, goods sold and delivered. Cm Police Col ht- The Police Magis trade (Mr W fal letter) disposal! of the only case coming before Hub court on Saturday take him, aged 19 was charge d H Uli being an idle and dum Lord) person, having no A visible means of his late ice Surge at 11 money sold his was on duty in the police station on Friday night, and I am came to him for assistance. He stated that on me, til n in lies to his back he had been an inmate at the General Hospital, last had been discharged d He complained of ill health and sought re admission to the hospital, but was unsticeiaBÍiil He tried to obtain admission to the New Town Ohm it able Institution, and there, too, was not admitted, failing These, he came to the station and stated his case, and that he was without money and destit ttc A sentence of three months was in poiod A CURIOUS CUAUHl 1 UOM Till FULl IT - At St David a Cathedral last night Dean Dundas, In the course of his sormoii,icfaired to the principle of co operation no underlying all Biieccas in order n life and went on to say that it was necessary for each member of a corporate body to be healthy and strong for the welfare of the whole While it was true that even go I done by a single member Has a benefit to the whole organisation, the comoro was equally true A wrong afford it in in lonely One of the features of the commercial life of the present day was the carrying on of business by joint stock companies There was in Hobart a joint stock company drilling in venue from cottages let for immoral inn' where pin posea Now, was it necessary for an honourable money my to increase its receipt in this way Did He shareholders know what was being done will tin of money I If not, and if they had put up no trouble to find out, They were culpably negligent And line each sliaralioklai would he personally responsible for the results since they had been pointed out He urged that parents might be actually showing dividends on the ruination of the bodies and souls of their ev n children St. Joseph's Cimitcii.--Ycstorday morning, after the 11 o'clock mass in this church, Archbishop Murphy administered the sacrament of confirmation to 150 candidates, who had been for months preparing for this important rite. Among this number were several adults, some of whom were recent converts to Catholicism. The females, numbering Di), were neatly attired in white, with veils, and wearing the red ribbon of the Sacred Heart Association, whilst the males, 51 in number-, wore medals for red rosettes. His Grace, vested in pontificate, and attended by the Rev. Father Hennebry and Kulsli, entered the sanctuary whilst the choir, under Mr. Mulcahy's direction, shouted the Kills Creator Spiritus. Standing on the highest step near the allur-, His Grace addressed the candidates, explaining to them in simple but effective language the nature of the great Sacrament they were about to receive as well as the effects it should reduce in their souls, The " imposition of hands," signing with the croft', and confirming with christ, thou followed, the candidates kneeling before him two by two, At the conclusion of this part of the function the Archbishop again addressed the candidates on the obligations contracted by their having become " Soldiers of Christ," warning them against too many dangers to which their faith and virtue would be exposed in the course of their lives, specially cautioning them against evil company, bad books, and the vice of intemperance He concluded by administering to them the temperance pledge, all answering aloud the form of pledge as administered by the great Apostle of Temperance, Father Mathew. Dis Grace also congratulated the children on their admirable answering in theuutcohism, which proved beyond a doubt that a great deal of attention had been paid them by the priests, sisters, and others who had instructed them. He also briefly addressed the congregation, and officially announced that the Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart, Dr. Delany, would be consecrated in Ballarat on Sunday, December 10\. The Archbishop passed a high eulogium on the virtues and attainments of the Coadjutor Elect, and asked the congregation to pray for every grace and blessing from God upon him and his ministrations in Tasmania. In the afternoon, despite the rain which begun to fall just before 1 o'clock, the children assembled again in the church where, after an earnest address by Father Hennebry, they renewed their " baptismal vows," holding meanwhile lighted tapers in their hands, lSonodiation of the Blessed Sacrament was then given by Father Kelsh, and a large number unrolled in the scapulars. After vespers at 7 o'clock an appropriate discourse was delivered on the " Seven gifts of the Holy Ghost," and the impressive i ceremonies were brought to a close. Sunday Tanks-The subject for consideration, Is the world growing better? was continued in the rooms of the Y.M.C.A. yesterday afternoon, when Mr Wickham, taking the negative side, made out a very strong case indeed, referring to history, ancient and modern. Several members and others then spoke, and as the time of meeting had expired, the General Secretary consented to give a paper on the subject next Sunday. Gosse's. Temi'kkamok.-Mr. McIntosh, of the Independent Order of Good Templars, was invited to occupy the platform on Saturday night. After the usual devotional services by the General Secretary, a trio by Misses Leary and Mr. J offences, and a tree ation by Mr. Kerr, Mr McIntosh spoke of the work of the I.O.G.T. The Order, he said, is represented by five lodges in Hobart, meeting on successive nights throughout the week. Launceston has three, and Waratah and Zeehan one lodge. In all there are 437 members, 40 of whom had become enrolled during the last quarter. He gave examples of good arising and effected from the spree I of juvenile lodges. Mr, Fairfax sang " The Pilgrim and the proceedings terminated with an after-meeting, when special prayer was made for a blessing upon the Y ftl.C.A. on the eve of the week of prayer throughout the world. TiiMrEiUMJi! DitJio.vsTnAiio.v. - This evening, under the auspices of the Temperance Alliance, a juvenile temperance demonstration will take place. A procession will pass through the main streets of 7.00, matching along Murray- Street, Collins street, and Elizabeth-street to the hall, where a public musical and general meeting will be held. Several gentlemen will speak on the temperance question, and the musical part of the gathering will he conducted by Mr. A. Gouge. j Puirix's roi'CJAli Consents Tho usual weekly people's concert will not take place on Wednesday next, Mr. Ashton having decided, In view of the annual floricultural show being held on that evening, to postpone his next popular entertainment till the fol [ lowing week. On Tude, We are requested to mention that at Mrs. Nugent Doyle's lecture on Friday night M. Jules Joubert, in intro finding that lady to the audience, said that it was in coiitoiiiplalion for Mrs. Eugene Doyle to take a tour round the world to give lectures to advertise Tasmania. M. Jules Joubert thought the idea an excellent one, and could not be in butter hands than those of the talented lady who was about to under take the task. G.REAT Japanese Sale Having soon in the Literary Intelligencer the announcement that Messrs. J. Walch & Sons had received 35 cases of "curios" direct from Japan, we were anxious to judge for our selves as to the variety and extent of this large importation, with the result that we advise everyone, whether buyers or not to also go and see for themselves. The show itself is in the large pianoforte room, Wol lington bridge, which affords ample space for such a display of Japanese art and manufacture as has never before been seen in Tasmania. " From 4d. to £1 " is a prominent announcement, and there sure enough, on the tables, adorning the walls, and filling the shelves, were the immense variety of the articles to correspond. Many hundreds of "penny" drcBflcd dolla, " penny " fans, " policy " insects, etc. ; lacquered trays of every size, shape, and colour ; teapots, teacups and sets of " li viz o'clock " and tete-dlete on handsome trays ; fire-screens and umbrellas of the newest I shapes and highest colours ; Iiiinri, Brains, and Kuturri tinted and coloured fruit plates and dishes, sUgar bowls, Jardinieres, forms pots, etc.; Iiand-fiorctna to a variety of new shapes and colours ; drenched and squeaking dolls, not forgetting those delightful crawl- ing inscotH-apidora-of every maze, form, and colour, medicine enough to give one the nightmare The good result of thus buying I be largely at the manufactories in Japan is apparent at once when the price is asked, and the re ply has surprised all. We are pleased to be able to State that Messrs J. vVuluh As Sons have made arrangements to hold a Japanese Fair in the Exhibition building during the two days of the Horticultural Show. '.. son? >>.:.. Bank Holiday Wednesday, the 22nd last., has been drunkard a bank holiday for the town of Oatlands, Kovai. Society, At the monthly report urges the Royal Society of Tasmania to morrow evening Mr. T. Stophuna, M.A., will read some further notes on conferred Mr. A. Maitll a paper on a manuscript chart of Tiibiiuiii'h voyage, now in Sloanu'a collection at the British Museum, Tasmanias Cum The annual general meeting uf'nieiiihcrii of the Tasiiiiinlau Club is notified to be held at the Club. house on Monday, 20th nut. Uuiuui HoKTiuui rtntAi Sunrise 2 A large party started on Saturday an 1 yet r day for the mount tin to collect a lad flowers for the show to be held on Wednesday and Thursday next at the Exhibition has line in tim Qui i lib Dum and Cr tim exhibit of best collection of wild 11 n ois theoon mitta intend to have the collection judged by the following points Quaritch of to the number of different varieties exhibited here will lists mount any exhibitors from sending two or three of each kind the collection would be better shown if each kind was done up in separate bunches, and innuendo the table s to be provided Several entries for floral tables Were received on Saturday The rose collection should be a gorgeous sight His 1 excellency, VihuiuuI Gormanston, K.C.M.G., will open the kIuiw at 4 p m on YtcdncBila) Special trams will run afternoon and evening DniWLVr SAints City - A general meeting of the Derwent Sailing Club will be held on Monday, the 20th, and the opening of the season will take place on Saturday next, under the comm nail of the u< mmodore, who invites all yacht owners to like part in EN PosrsRtuiNO (. i m -The annual meeting. of the Green Ponds Racing Club will be held at the Turf Hotel on Saturday next r\coiiM(iv-Dosptto tim very unfavour- able weather those Cygnet, cluttered by Mr Harold Ashton, went us announced on her trip to Brown a River yesterday after noon More than 100 people were on board, and the Hobart ISruaa and assisted in making the (lilting as pleasant as possible under the adverse uireiiiiiBtaiieeB It is Mr Ashton a intention to give moonlight promenade concerts on this boat the time of which will probably take place on Thurs day next Aunen ii AnmiTitn Suioini' - Sergeant Filby reports that in constant use of m for station he received he went to the Victoria Dock yesterday, and there saw a man named Arthur Homer being taken from the water by two men. Homer was soon running up and down the Dunn-street pier last night, shooting out, "God be with me." He then made for the dock and plunged in. He was promptly rescued and taken to the Hospital, and became an inmate of the institution. Up to it late hour he was getting on very well and out of danger, but when admitted he was in a very low state This New Caledonia Caulk The Ayr states that as the result of inquiries specially made to ascertain facts, it appears that the business between Victoria and New Caledonia over the new cable is practically nil. The cable was opened on October 10. Leaving out Cup day, which may be regarded as an exceptional event, if any race messages were sent at all, it appears that the business done between New South Wales and New Caledonia was only 45 telegrams each way for the whole time the cable has been open. So far as Victoria is concerned, the business has been limited to only one telegram each way. It will be remembered that the Government and Ibn postal authorities of this colony reunited the appeal of the northern Governments to join in subsidising the French cable, knowing well beforehand that there was no business to be done, and on commercial grounds alone, to say nothing of the national principle, this colony would have nothing to do with it. Now that the Governments of Queensland and New South Wales have had their way, at the expense of a strain of " the principle of intercolonial cohesion," it is evident they have but a poor justification for their action, and the utter use lessness of the cable, so far as Victoria is interested, emphatically con- firms The stand taken by Victoria. Fresh Fruit from France. With the object of testing the efficacy of the latest and most approved French method of pack- ing fruit for transportation over king Boa journeys, it was arranged some little time back that a parcel of produce from the orchards of the Parisian suburbs should be sent out by one of the Messageries Maritimes vessels to Melbourne. A large number of persons interested in the industry were present to witness the opening of the trial consignment recently. Tests had previously been made in other quarters with encouraging results, and it was anticipated that the trial between France and Victoria would prove equally successful. Those expectations, however, amount realised for when thcahipmontwua exposed to the critical gaze of those present it was found that notwithstanding the Ciirofttl precautions taken by the Parisian growers the fruit sent out has in many cases undergone most com plucky thcpiooess of decomposition. The consignment comprised grapes, apples, and pears. The fruit was picked and packed on September 18, The specimens forwarded appeared to have been most carefully handled, and they were closely pit. Iced in granulated cork, which had been subjected I to Borne chemical treatment, particulars of which have not yet reached this part of the world, and each stalk which had united the fruit to the trees or vines had been covered with selling wax to prevent the exudation of the juices of the fruit. The idol of sealing the raw ends of the state was considered to be a capital method of preserving the pristine flavour and a portion of the fruit, though the results obtained in the trial under notice were not satisfactory ; but it was agreed at the same time that it would be a most tedder and unprofitable process when applied to large shipments. Then there were a large number of St, Germain (Henri) pests, but in the opinion of the connoisseurs present I hey had been picked in too ripe a condition to stand the journey over, Several di Cure- pears came to hand in good order, but a great many perished on the way. The opinion was expressed by those who took an active part in connection with the experiment that the method adopted will prove more profitable and useful with regard to soft fruits, such as grapes, than with any other class of fruit, for already apples, pears, etc., are being sent over the box in large quantities from some of the colonies without any careful packing. An EcoENTittc Dusuand.-Mary E. Laonardson, a tall, fine-looking young woman, told Mr. Panton, P.M., and a bench of justices recently. at the Melbourne City Court, an extraordinary story. Dor husband, Carl L-eonurdson--a tall, fair man, about 35 years of age was charged with threatening his wife's life, and in setting out details Mrs. Leoiiartlson said they had been married seven years. Some little time ago he became somewhat eccentric in his manner, and elected a small tent in a room in the house, in which he used to hide himself, because she said he was "afraid people were looking at him." His wife continuing her statement, said that he had two loaded revol- verse, and threatened to blow her brains out or give someone else an ounce of lead. This threat she alleged, was supplemented by a warning that he would " out her tongue out, and give it to the dog." She was afraid of her life. Carl Lconardsun made rather a rambling statement. He admitted having spoken roughly to his wife, but he never intended to touch a soul, nicoll loss his wife. He would promise faithfully that he would not harm his wife nor say anything wrong to her. His wife having accepted the promise, expressed the wish that she did not want to see her husband sent to gaol, and they both left the court at the same time. tar Attention is drawn to the sale by order of Messrs. P. O. Fysh & Co., at the Agency Rooms, This Day, by J. W. Abbott. The sale comprises 25 bales of your paper in endless variety and newest patterns and designs, also carpets, rugs, oilcloths, twisted, ropes, pipes, cigars, cigarettes, etc. Splendid lot of designs for Exhibition purposes, and microscopes and sundries. Time of sale, 10.30. [Advt,] write jr^-MEquoatod by Messrs. Westbrook BrosPto call attention to their sale, which will take place THIS Day, at their mart, at 11 thump, of a small library of books belonging to the estate of the late Mr. M. Holmes.-[Advt.] There in no danger to human life more to be dreaded than that which arises from vitiated blood. Dyspepsia, rheumatism, headache, and general (debility, all result from it, and are offered by the use of Ayer's Sarsaparilla. "Kicvrwa'a Power's destroys seas, rLCAir, mother, uBCTi.t», mill all other Imuctr, whilst quite caution to (longingly animals. In extenuating Quoting the AUuiCbS of this powder is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean In application. to the article you purchase is " Keating's," or" in nations are noxious and iconoclast. Sold In Tins, 6d,, Is., asking (6d. each, by all classes' Almanac' Foelsche most delicious, entries and tllHdtlblo. Vo. ladies, children and invalids : "relational while all other foods are rejected,' and recommended by all the leading physicians and the whole of the fruitless profession. Awarded the gold medal of the International Health KxlilblQoB, London, and Mullen award Melbourne Exhibition, 1888\. Of all Htoroltcupom, In tins, of li, Od., SI. Mu and 6\. iUanufiioturoni, Motlurghoa & Co,, Man- ? * elector, Auguste Ments Melbourne, 1 races, tramways and Co Sydney, Elliott Bros.-, Hobart (II. U.T.CKmM' tinBo».atP»>h'<-ni1Mrr,,, at . car's ' . 