The Lowood Anglican Church. -:o: LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION BLOCK, THE GOVERNOR PERFORMS THE CEREMONY. (BY OuR SPECIAL REPOOTER.) On the occasion of the visit of his Exoelleney the Governor, to Lowood on Saturday lacst, in order to make the presentation of medals to the "Vernor family rescue party" (a full so coont of which appears elsewhere) the oppor tunity was seized of soliciting his services in the laying of the foundation block of a new Anghoon Church, which is habout to be erercted in that thrlemg township, a rrquest whioh was w:liingly and gro:ously ompiled with. After the preseotation, an asdjeornment was madeto the cie on which the building is to be ereoted, as admirable a one as could have been seleoted. The ground chosen is on the snmmit of the hill at the soothcrn end of the tonbship and com meands an enehnotiog view of a pioturesque landeaupe on all e:dea. The ceremony, which was of a moet impreesive charaoter, was watched by a large ononrse of people. The Rev. A. Daovies, pastor of the parish, oonduoted the eervico. On his left stood his Excellency, the Hon. . H. and Mrs. Barlow, Major General Owen, and many others, inoludcng Mresre. F. Lord and J. Orombie, MM.L.A., and the various othoiera of the Defenoe Force Iwh· had taken part in the military parade, whilst on hie right the children of the State scocol were arranged in line, the girls being attired in white, and under the drrcotion 0or Mers. J. Watson, Miss A. M Coerce, and Miss M. Laird, their teachers, they joined in the museical portion of the servic. When every, thing was in reasdoess the Roe. A. Dares offered the following prayer: "Oar help is in the name of the Lord Who hath made Heaven and earth. Lord hear our prayer And let our coy come unto Thee." He thee read the cxcvii Psalm, ns afterwards offered the following prayoer : ' Lord have mercy on us, Christ have mercy on nes, Lord have mercy on ns, conolading with the Lord's prayer." The colleot was then repeated as follows : "O, Almighty Lord God, whom the heavens and earth sannotcontein, yoetwhbodisdaineth not to dwell with Thy Church hebore on earth: Miroiftlly grant that all evil may depart from this place, whlreon we are about to lay the foundation of a house for the hononor and praisee of Thy Most Holy Name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Prevent us, O Lord, in all our doings wcth Thy most gracious favour, and forthern s with Thy continual help that in all our works begun, contined, and ended in Thee. we may glorify Thy Holy Name, and fioally by Thy mercy obtain everlestiug life, through Jeene Christ our Lord. Amen The corner poet of the building having been placed in position, Mr. J. Hoandley filled in the earth around it, and the Governor, stepping forward, placed the csap upon the stump, atthe same time uttering the following sentence: "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation in thebs Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen " AUl having oined in singing the hymn. " The Churoh ie the one Foondation," the Rev. A. Davies then offered up the following prayers: -" Almighty and Everlaeosing God, meroifully he pleased to bless this foundation, laid in the name and strength of Him who is the tried and precious stone; and grant that all they who to the furthorance of this work a'all have faithfully offered to Thee of their abatenone, may ever be preserved both in body and soul, through Jesue Christ our Lord. Amen. O God who has buie: the liriog temple of Thy Church upon the foundation of the Apoetles and Prophe:s; Jesnes Chrst Himeelf being the chief corner atone; grant noto the work of Thine own hands continual glory, and increase of strength, and daily make Thy people more meet for the eternal tabernacle of Thy rest, through Jeans Christ our Lord. Amen." The Governor then stepped forward, and placed a donation upon the block, an action which was followed by many others Fresent, and a nice little sum in the aggregate was thes contributed towards the building fund. The gathering then dispersed. Slave--moatiy youg girla-are ati', auId in Talugiera. They fetoch hih pricee., and are purclhaed by rich Moore. The ehamealt trsde is osrried on under teyes of the a c t reprecent? tivee of European Powers. Lrd Bosebery's attention bhe been called Lo thie matter. 