ISIJIIIL PE DLtI be AN OUTCAST. pa wm IT JOBEPI HOCKING, Atheor oi " The Itory of Andrew Fairfax," "Jabas sterbrook," "Zillah," &c;, [ALL RIenxO BEsEVxnD.] at Published by speci.1 arrangement wit he Messrs. Ward, Lock and Bowden, Limited. at CHAPTER VI. ISHXAIL RENDIRS HIS FIRST ACCOUNT. m "Then, welcome each rebuff That turns earth's smoothness rough, Each sting that bids nor sit, nor stand, but go! Be our joys three parts pain ! Strive, and hold cheap the strain; Learn nor account the pang; dare never fe grudge the throee!" -Rabbi Ben E:ra, ROBERT BROwtNINlo. et The following day Ishmael started for Altarnun Moors. There are but few drearier walks tha: this. It is true the dc country is undulating, but barrenness o abounds on every hand. The trees are w mostly small and stunted, while for miles w, there is nothing to be seen but bleak fi1 barren moorland. Across this Ishma'l re walked without heeding the scenes by nr which he was surrounded ; he was too busy wi thinking of what his mother might say to la him. For eight months he had neit, r seen nor heard from her. She had told him that she should not write, for fear of any mishap, so he was not anxious on that is score. But he wondered what she would tI say to him, wondered how she would hi regard the plans he had made. Moreover, he had been particular about his personal p, appearance. Two months before his master had paid him half a year's wages. It was Is only four pounds ten shillings, but half of ,. this amount he nad invested in a new suit h; of clothes. It Is true "hi cloth was coe- hi in texture, and m die by a country tailor; nevertheless, it imrupr.vel his appearance hi wonderful'y. Added to this, he lh.l let , his slouching gait. andl walkel as tiigh fe his limbs belonged to him. He was still h, an awkward an i loosely built youth, but c hewas far more Erepoussessing ihan when ,l he had left his motaer on the cliffs the previous November. It was getting dusk when he canght a sight of the house on the moors, and d fancying be saw his mother, he quickened bh his step, and hurried along the pathway L Yes, that was she, sitting by one of the w patient cows, milking. He looked around All was as drear and as quiet ss anything could well be The old place looked Q, terribly small and poverty-stricken. The little fields which had been cultivated were very poor and unproductive. The a: house was not as good as the barn which e had just been built at Carleggas. The cow- t houses were built of mud. His mother. ri too, looked the picture of desolation. Then he remembered the great trees which grew tl around l'enwithen, the rich, loamy field;, f and the comfort cf the great house. His b mother had been robbed, and he had done nothing-nothing. His mother looked up as he came near, i and a tear started to her eye. Yes, she . loved Ishmael, her first-born-her only c, living child. She had not ceased to think about him during the long mentis, and T she wondered when he would come. f; Her motherly love overcame all her sural coldness. She dropped her bucket, rushedl towards him, and threw her arms around his neck. d "hshmael, my own poor boy !" she sobbed. But only fcr a minute did she give way to her emotion, and soon she be came taciturn and hard again. h "Come into the house," she raid "You've walked fifteen miles across t'o b moors. You'll want somethin' to silt. Come." He followed her into the house, and she busied herself to get him food. he wi.tch- n ing her clcsely, she often casting search- I ing glances towards him. ' Doan't'ee have nobody to stay with'ee, mother F" he said. "Sally Larkins do allays slaip here." He gave a sigh of relief. Just before the ham and eggs which were being prepared were ready to be laid on the table, she came to his side again. "Stand up, leshael, and show me yer clothes." He stood up. "'Nearly seventeen," she muttered ; " by the time he's twenty-one he'll be better'n the best ov 'em." Then she placed his food before him. While he was eating she did not speak, but when he had finished his meal she sat down by his side, and laid her hand on his. " Well " she said questioningly. He looked guiltily on the table. " What have you done ' "Nothin'." "Nothin' in eight months, Ishmael,. nsotbin' P' "Nothin' that can be called anything Mother, ted'n sa aimy as you think." "Eight months, and nothin'-and you livin' in the house !'" 1 " No, mother, no-he wndden 'ave me 1 there." "Where do you live then F" "At Carloggas " "And you've never been in to Penwithen House P?" '"Is. Tbat night after you jeft me. I went to ssk for service. You tould me, ya knaw " "Well ?' tshma.el described his experiences "And you saw him-where ded you "I Tn the library." "Ah! tell me what 'twas like." Ishmsel d, scribed it. " Fine carpet, fine grit', fine furniture fine bookcase and books," she repeated between her teeth. "Yes. Well, he sent you to Carloggas F" lshmael nodded. "John Bassett is farmer there." She nodded her headl slowly, then she said: " Have you tried to git the-will?" "-No-that is- " " Not tried? Not tried ? Have I raired 'ee for this l Be you a poor ashiverin' soul, as 'il leave the man who robbed yer moawther 'ave every comfort, while she do slave here 7' and she lifted up her tril stained hands. " Wait a bit, mother." he said quickly. "What cud I do ? I knarwd vothin' nor nobody. I ded'n dare to tell anybody who I was. I've 'add to ferret out things little by little. S'poasin' I tackled 'ee right off. what wud 'a' bin the good P I knawd nothin'. He cod bait me every way. Why, y?o who had it-he bait you. He do knaw ai?h a lot. He's the clory rest man fcr miles round. Nobody can git over 'un. He do bait everybody he do come across. I seed that in a short while. But I've bin makin' plans. rye bin thinkin'. And 't'l be no se my matchin' myself agenst he if I a.r t so clever and so cunnin' as he es I mast knawr so much as he. I must. Why, he's as clipper' as an eel ; he'll git out or a scrape s easy as I can pull my foot oat cf my shoe. But I've been watchin'." For a few minutes she was silent, evi dently thinking ,deply. Tnen she said slowly' "You'm right. Ishmasl. I'm too im patient. 'Tes hard bein' here without my boy. Buttell me whit you're done." \- Ishmael told his mother what I have written in these pages. with the exception of the meetini with Reuben Penwithen'" children. This he did not feel drawn to tall. S"Aid now you want to leave Carloggas ?' " I shall have more time to learn if I go to Tintel, mother," he id "'a i~ 1 Sable e to watch just as well-perhaps better." ca " Perhaps you will, perhaps you will," ro she mused; " but mind you mustn't bind in yerself. There would be papers to sign, papers telling about your parentage, and alt where you've lived, and all that. That ca mustn't be." ha ' No, m.ther; I see." Pr "And look here," she went on, "you ep mustn't forget what you've got to do, mind th that. Remember you're a servant boy " when you ought to ha' bin maaster." ca He nodded. pl " How does he look ?" she broke out, lit after a silence. " Does he look stout and co healthy ? Is he happy ?'te "lie do look well enough," said Ishmael, en " and do ride on the best hoes for miles wt around, but I believe he's unaisy." fa " How ?" li " I went to the house just after Christ- en mas, and crawled up under the library an winds, behind a big fuchsia tree. I looked th through the winda." ly "Ah. yes! Didyousee lim" an "I did." hi " What was he doing 1' di " I watched a goodish bit; he was allays gr on the move-allays He seemed to be feared. He went to a little cuddy in one coiner or the room, and pulled aside a curtin'. There was a great big iron box ther'." 'Yes ; what then ?" pe ' But afore he went thenr he locked the mu door or the room. Andhe was takin' keys 1t out or his pocket to unlock the iron box hs wh.n I made a bit or noise 'ginst the Az winds. fhen he turn' 4 round like an lightnin', as thouch he were feared. 1 th reckon my face must ha' made a shadow on the winds, for he made for the door, when a trap comled up, ands I he:rd some laughin'." ra " And then?" th " 1 hooked it." to For a long timelthey eat talking, until faI Ishmael hadl told his mother almost every thing-told her all his plans his hopes. th his fears. Then Sally l.arkins. the old di, woman who slept it the house with Judith Pengelly. came, and Ishmael went to b d. ,t The following ftsernoun Judith asked fo Tshmsel to go to the little .Methodis: chapel which lay in the distance with her, fe hut he refusl.l. * No," he said; "he'd hare nothin' to do mi' religion." lo Judith looked at him strangely. Some- do how she felt that she ouihtt to teach her boy ab ut religious things, and yet she hi feared. A superstiti us feeling possessed her, and she was afraid lest she should be it calling the anger of Heaven upon her if she neglected her boy's soul. ye l' Ishmael." she said at length, " I hear rr ther's people living still who call them- fa selves Samnaritans. Christ thought a good deal of 'em They believe only in the fire g 1 hockwhich M,,ses wrote: Genesis, Exodus, a Loviticus. Numhbrs. and Deuteronomy. I ns wan.t you to read them." ye "But I hare, mother.' jo " Read'em again, Ishmael R -ad 'emr a g1 oodish bit. You can t ie a heathen if y( you read 'em again and again " Then she went to chapel without him, tb and as she went the pondered. " It's an se eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth tb there," she raid. "He mustn't read the h< rest till we've done our work." hi It was a strange religion. surely ! But then Judi h Penro.e was a st an;e woman. re Her heart had ben e',bitte'red-her life , blacken.ed. Moreover. the surroundingo oif h'r :if'. were not c lculated tSo lead her m to think ,n the hig?,r truths of religion, a, while the e'achiug at the little chapel she tt attended cn Sunday afternoons 'as very F crude and elemenlary. gs On the Monday, Ishmael startel for tc i Tintagel. and, arrived there, male his way yt for Tretheray's shop. " I'll c m" and learn the trade,' he said; di 1 "mother' willin'." d " All rich:. Well and what 'bout cn-n m denchers ?' (indentures). h S' I'll hive noan of 'em,." replied Ish- hi e mseL ' I'll w, rk for 'ee, and I'll promise d to stay till I'm twenty-one ef nothin' e" happens, but I'll sign no papers." ll Tommy Trethewy haggld a g>.d hit, I 0 but finally they came to terms, and Ish- p maol, much to his delight, arranged to h come to him a fortnight later. h There is but one more incident that I need to relate coneerning this part of a lahmsel's life. a This happen'ed on the last night of his d s-jeurn at Car!og.as farm He had p ckc up the few things he pss, sied, special b care having been paid to the booke, when V h rememtering the parting words of his 0 mother, he crept gin ly out of the house', ,.cd made l::s way t)wards i'erwithn. 1 Had he not a purpse in girin: to P.en- ' wi:hen he would have been glad to be a away from Carloggee. for John tassett was hr no means p:esed at his l's,.ig, and c offered him more wages t3 stay. The I a chanct of having one who c.,uld do the y wo.k of a man cn payent of a boy's wags did not often oc-ur, and !e resented Ish mael's persistency in leaving to such a n degree that he often made the poor lad un- s . comfortable. Moreover, he was not beloved 0 by the servauts in the kitchen, and he was 1 glad to get away alone. t It was long past sunset when he drew 1\. near to Pearithen, but it was summer I time, and so the night was by no means dark. " I ain't a'bin for a good while now, so i nobody can say I've bin loppin' about the place," he muttered; "but I do wa:nt to re have a look at that room again. Peopl. do say that he do spend oal his er'nin's there alone, and that he wasn't have anybaly there with 'im. There's somethin' on his hn mind-I know." t And Ishmiel hurried along the pathway t I until he came to the great overshadowing ra trees that grew around the houe". Long he looked, but he cnuld seo no one. Eri dently old Leah had got the servants for prayer, according to her usual custom; an but what of the mater? He loosed to wards the library window, but no light was to be Enen. Esidentlyh· could notbe I there. Perhaps he had gone out. Ah! he should like to get in that room for a 'e little time. If he could only get the key ed of that iron bix! His mother had to'd nt h;m that he had that will somewhere; would it not be kept there ? Anyhow, he is could go up to the window and look. And so he crept along the garden path he stealthily, looking right and left, with every sa nse on the alert. But there seemed no danger. All was silent. The winds had gone te rest. too, and the feathered ed trec-tops ecarcely moved in the stillness of ul, the summer night. Presently he reached Cr the' window, and, getting noiselessly be. do hind the fuchsia bush,looked and listened. il- He could see nothing. No light was in the room, and as the night shadows had ly. fallen nothing was at first discernible to ior him. Although he could see nothing, how ho ever, he heard voices. At first it was only the an indistinct murmur, but presently he l.was able to distinguish words. He re wd cognised old Leah'a voice. She was con ny, ducting prayer for the servants. As he aw listened her words became louder, and she le spoke as if in intense agony. do Leah had been in the habit of reading Scertain prophetic magazines. which pro a phesied that the world was coming to an .f I end shortly. The Book of the Prophet I Daniel was largely quoted, and compared with the Book of Bevelation. These two taken together were made to teach that Sthe day was near at hand when the ele ot ments would melt with a fervent heat, and that all that was in the world should be burnt up. Lsah had become an easy con vert to this belief, and her prayers were coloured by the thoughts printed in the hysterical paper. She prayed for each servant by name, ave beseeching the Lord to save them from the ion Day of Wrath, and by-and-by Ishma"l's n', heart gave a bound, for he found that he to became the subject of her prayers. She called him the black sheep of the wilder Sness, a child of darkness, an heir to hell, Sgo and praye that his soul might be oCn ball verted. As he looked and listened his eyes be- w came accustomed to the dim light in the kS room, and he saw that some one was sitting mi in the great arm-chair. tic Reuben Penwithen had been sitting alone in the twilight, reading, thinking, lei calculating. He had heard Leah's prayer, he had smiled at her beliefs, until she had ar prayed for Ishmael. He had heard of the m episode in the chapel, and knew that from that time Leah had given herself over to sa " wrestle" for his souL A curious feeling de came over him as he listened to her wild ag pleadings. Somehow he felt that he was linked to this sad-eyed, lonely youth; he to could not tell how. And so he listened in tently until the prayer was nearly at an al end, when he turned his face towards the window, and saw the outline of Ishmael's fa face looking ghastly enough in the dim of light. For a moment a superstitious fear he entered into his heart. Then a look of cli anger flashed from his eyes. He caught tb the collar cf a large dog which had been at lying at his feet, led him out of the room, I'< and opening the door of the house, sent at him after the retreating form, which he dimly saw in spite of the shadow of the it great trees. CHAPrER Vii. v( THE VOICI Or TRI DnAD. ce " But if ycu look into it, the balance is perfectly adjusted even here. God has '+ made His world much better than you and I could make it. lEverything reaps its own to harvest. every act has its own reward. fo And before you covet the enjoyment which PC another po.sesses you must first calculate co the cost at which it was procured." a -FRlEDEIlCK :W. RoxazTsox. o Reuben Penwithen followed the ddg as a rapidly as he was able, and ere long sar that the intelligent animal had come close l' to the youth, and that they now stood be facing each other. at "• At him, Shep !" said Reuben; but al. e9 though the dog crouched and growled, hi to did not obey. PC " At him, old man !" he repeated; and tr still the dog refused to attack the young to follow, who stood waiting for him. " He wasn't," said Ishma.el; "he's r" feared." ri " What are you doing here, young fele t. low ?" asked Reuben angrily; " and what do you mean by loaking in at my window o' Ncthin'," replied Ishmael, still keeping P, his .ye' on the dg tb ' I:at you were; what do you mean bk it ?" hi 'Nothin'," repeated Ishmael; "call ofi t your dog ' Som.-how h? did not at all fie! w 'right ned ýt l-u ean n)v he stood face to faze with h;m. ":'ll do n .thing of the sort," replieda " Reuben. " I'll have you taken before th. bh tagistrate;, std then sent out of the neighbourhood. You are here fo.- no good in young fellow. I was foolish to get you a di job; but if you don't leave this part of the coun ry at once it shall be wore.' for you- hi you blaspheming young infidel l" it Ishma-i realised ti:e weakn.ess of this threat. First, the magistra.tes were t. m send him out of the nc.ghbourhood?, asn then, if he didn't leave the neighbour r hood at once, it should be the worse for P him. a; " I shall not leave the neighbourho-d,' replied IahmeL " I've done nothin - urong." " Who aro you ?" said Reuben. This se mystenous lad made him uncomfortable. I and he asked the question almost withou: thinking. sc "You knew my name-Ishmael Pen- :t gelly. I've no friends. but I're my liven to git, and have es much right to git it as 01 you harv." C` The reply contained a note of sullen fe defiance, and Reuben did not like being b defied. For years he'd been one of the t most important men in the neighboui hood. and to be bearded by this great hulking fellow angered him. He won- f d rel whether a shout would reach the e'srs of the men servants in the kitchen st le was afraid not. But he must punish C lshmr.el somehow, and make him afraid if possible Ie wondered if he dared ti tackle him After all he was only a lad-although 0 he was so big. Meanwhile the dog had been crouchinz. watching Ishmael's every moveme-t, and as soon as his attention was slightly a divered from him rrepared to leap a " Tha .'s it, Ship ! At him !" urgel Reu ben, " at him!" he rrpeated in an angry voice; and the dog with a savage growl obeyed his master's voice TLe animal was by no means a lady's pet. Hilf a sh- phern'd dog, and half a mastiff, he w.s b a formidable opponent, especially when \- a-ou'ed. and urge"l on by his master. a " Ah ! that's got yon, yr'i blackguard !" l cried Reuben. as he saw the dog leap upon o Ishmael, with his mouth towards the youth's throat; " we'll soon see about it But his triumph was short-lived. Ish mccl, tall and large bon'd posessed great strength, and although ltcking the powers d of endurance which he would possess in later years, he was for a brief time far more than a match for an ordinary man. Un mindful of the sharpness of the dogs teeth, he caught him by the throat with his right hand,and by the back part of his body with his left; then lifting him high I in the air he dashed him to the ground Swith a terrible force. The dog gave a great yelp of pain as he fell. then picking himself up as soon as he was able, crept away with a pitiful whin . "You shall suffer for this, you shall I" J cried Ishmael to Reuben, clenching his ' bleeding hand. He was going to say some thing more. but checked himself; then I y turning on his heel, he made his way back 1 gtowards Carloggas. M " Iy trrn'll come sometime," he mut \- tered; " it'll come. I doaun't see how, yet, 1 bc hut it'll surely come. i'm glad I didn't say I nothin', though." S All thiough the night he lay awake I t p'auning, rowing vengeance, and then Splanning again, un'il the morning sun shone in upon his scanty bed. Nick Liddi Scost lay snoring at his side, but he didnot 'y heed Although every one in t'e house wd as asleep, he got up, and made his way towards the sea, and, arrived there, he e divested himself of his clothes andplunged into six fathom's of water. He had learnt th the accomplishment of swimming that th summer, partly because he enjoyed it, and sd more because he thought it might is be useful to him some day, And some ed how the wholesomeness of the great sea of made his mind more h'althy, for as he rd walked back to Carlggas after his bath, he e- broxfed less, and watched the pearly dew d. drops as they hung on corn and gras, in wondering at their brightness as they ad glistened in the sun. to As for Reubht, he crept back to the house w- with a heavy weight on his heart. To him ly this was more than an ordinary epfirode. The he previous winter two narrvvies had come to ,e Penwithen and stolen some chickens, but , this he had thought but little about. They he were ordinary roughs; but this youth-there hewas a wild, evil look upn his face that he diJ not like. The fellow seemed to carry a lot of dark secrets around with him. ng He had the lamp lit and placed on the ro table, and the blinds carefully drawn, 8o as an to hide everything from the outside, and et then, not satisfied, he closed the shutters. ed This done, be locked the door and sat down wo in his armchair, and remained for a long time iat with his chin resting on his chest and his le- eyes closed. d " No, no," he said at length, "it can't be be anything to do with that. It's only I who n- am afraid. I'm always troubling about it, re always troublingmyself without reaton. An he yet that fellow makmes me think of her. ' Nineteen years, nineteen years-and never a word, never a word to tell me if shabe lives. Ay and it's been nineteen years of ''s suspense and fear. After all, I was happier he at Carlogges In the old days. I believe I b loved her, too, in a different way from Amelia, but I loved her in a fearsome kin's ec- of way. And she loved me at one time. 6he ell, would have given her life for mMe-ad I de. en' ceved bar, robbed her. The game wman't worthhe candle, after all. And yet I don't know. 1 do love the old place. I love the 0 money it brings, and I'm proud of my p.si- g tion." Then he sat a long time motion less; so still was he that one might have supposed him dead. But he aroused again presently, and went on h muttering to himself. w " I'm a fool to bother so. Everything is safe, as safe as can be. Judith must be o dead long ere this. I shall never see her B again, and I have the will." b He started from the chair, and looked b towards the safe. " Why am I always wanting to see it, tl always wanting to read it ?" he muttered. b "I hate the sight of it, and yet it a fascinates me. I often dream that I see of old Michael writing it, and holding up his head between the words forbidding me to claim the land. It is a wonder how the thought sticks to me through the years, le and haunts me like a nightmare. I wish I'd never seen it; but there. I must go w and have one more look at it." h He walked across the room, and then a stopped suddenly. tt " I've forgotten all about that fellow,' A he muttered. "I came in here vowing or vengeance on him, and I've scarcely given re him a thought. Everything seems t: centre on this-this !" h He un'ocked the safe, and then looked anxiously around the room. Ti " I believe I'd confess everything but de for them," he went on, "I wouldn't mind n for myself. Better to be poor if by being w poor I could be rid of this feeling. I could go away, and never be heard of in again. But I cannot leave them poor. st Poor Bertie is nearly a cripple, while a Grace-no. I'll hold fast-but there, what P a fool I am!" of He opened the door of the safe, and looted keenly at each compartment. Then a! he took a book from it, which was fastene I n and locked. This he unlocked, and loosed s carefully at its contents. Then he turned to the thick cover, and quickly found a 0 pocket or compartment, evidently con trived for important do'uments. From f this he extracted a piece of parchment. " I coulda't keep it in the cash-bx," he said; " I might have to run to it hur- 9 riedly, and leave it carelessly sometime; ;i and yet, I don't like to keep it here." He spread it out on the table. " The last will and testament of Michael Cl Penrose" Then he unfolded it, and for C the thousandth time read its c ntents. " I shall never feel safe until I see it o hurnt wi h my own eyes," he said; " and h then I ehould be constantly fearing it would be r'-ur ctbd in some way." " l:n' I will burn it," he continued, after a while. "It mates my life a hell; its it "ti='enc" warn' me that my children may be paupers There, I'll d, it " He li' a 'andle and took the will, hold ing it close to the steady flamo, then he drew it back quickly. d " What's that ?" he cried. " Surely I heard a scratch at the window-pane or else I it was something at the safe !" b; He stopped and listened for a minute or ct more. but all was silent-as silent as death. " th, it's only my foolish fears after all C -only my foolish fears." lie held the a p.rchm nt against the flame again, and again toe drew it back. M He heard a loud ticking, louder than the i sound of a watch, very near to him z " Tick, tick. tics, tick, tick." At first it seemed ia the library table, then on the e mantelpi-ce, then on the safe. h His hand tremb'ed so that he could scarce!v hold the will, while the perspiration y stood thick on his forehead. " Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick," he heard, a on and on the sound went, then suddenly ceased. He wiped his forehead and looked fearfully around the room. The lamp I burnt clearly, the shutters were closed. nothing was to bh seen. "It's the death watch " he cried at length. "Nay, I'm not so foo'ish as to be frightened by that. An insect signalling for its mate, that's all. It might scare a superstitious old woman, but Reuben Pen wi'hcn knows tbhut these things," And yet the sound had wrought upon his excited nerves, for there was a strain of superstition in his nature. Old Leah had told him stories long years ago stories of omens, and tokens, and death's head moths; tales of ghosts and apparitions and to-night he did not feel like laughing it them Still, he held old Michael's will to the candlo flame once more, and once more h stopped. The lines of some doggerel whicl ., nu had taught him as a boy came back to his mend with great vividness. He had relieved in them in the old days, but of late years he had discarded all such thing= as foolishness. After all, Leah was an old woman, who as a child had been nurtured on stories of ghosts and goblins, and h" t had ceased to pay heed to what she said Still he could not help repeating the doggerel to himself : " Strike a dead man's face, By a dead man you'll be haunted; Steal a dead man's ring, And by dead men you'llbe daunted; Cross a dead man's will, You can scarce do worse; Iurn a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse." He threw the will on the floor as thoug'o it were a serpent, and then, as if angry with himself, picked it up again. "Oh, I am a weak, poor fool i" he cried; "and after nineteen years, too. For 'til ninotren years since I stole this will from Judith, and I've never had a happy day since. Again and again I've tried to dRl.=troy it, and I've always failed. But I ill do it. It's the only link of the past its the only possible way by which the Struth can be known." With a trembling hand he lifted the -parchment to the candle-flame again, but , he could not keep it there. The lines old y Lsah had taught him were ringing in his ears, and every word seemed to make him C feel old Michael's presence: 1" Cross a dead man's will, SYou can scarce do worse; Burn a dead man's writing, At nd you'll get that dead man's curse." He knew it meant nothing. Ho knew Sthere were scores of similar verses repeated up and down the country, and that they were as meaningless as empty air. Never theless, he could not carry his purpose into Seffect. He plaoed the will back in the raceptacle which had been cunningly con trivsd in the thick cover of the book ; this 'he placed bhack in the safe, which he care a fully locked. S"At any rate, it will be all right there a until I can think of a better hiding-place," ' he muttered; then, with a heavy sigh, he ' went to his bedroom, stopping two or three y times on his way, and looking round with fearful glances. SThe next morning he was up in good a time,andshortlya fterbreakfaet heordered o his horse to be saddled, which he im u mediately mounted and rode towards s Carloggaes. " Well, John," he said, as he saw his he brother-in-law come out of his new barn. S"Carloggas looks different from what it did in the old days." be "It had need, too, Beuben," replied as Bassett. as "Your corn Icok well. You make it do, i. don't you ? " rn "Since you let me have those four good r dairy fields, I can make it do, and pay my al rent. You know that." "But I let you have it cheap, and this b new barn means a year's rent knocked off." ho "Oh, I don't complain. You are very it, kind to me." S " I remember Amelia," he said, with a sigh. 1i "There is a talk of your marryin' again," hesaid Bassett, uneasily. " Miss Tredinnick, of of Endellion." ler "Then the talk is lies," said Beuben. "I shall never marry again." He looked m gloomy as he made this reply. Then, as if Sanxious to change the subject, he said: hr "You'll be wanting more hands now the ' harvesrt is coming on, won't you f " "t "That I shall," qplied the farmer; "especially mince that great black-eyed chap you went over here last November is gone." "Is he gone?" asked Reuben eagerly. " Where P " " Gone to Tintagel." "Why did you send him away ? Didn't he behave himself ? What did he do wrong, eh ? " " I didn't send 'un away; he went of his own free will. I'd no fault to find wi' nn. He served me well-did a man's work for a boy's wage. I offered 'un more to stay, but he wouldn't." Rteuben was disappointed. He hoped that he had done something wrong, and bad been discharged. "Twould have been ao easy matter then to have got him out of the neighbourhood. " Where is he gone ? " he said at length ; " that is, to whose place P" " To Tommy Trethewy's. He's going to learn carpenterin' and buildin'." IReuben stayed at Carloggas a very little while longer after this, but galloped his horse up the lane which led to the sea. In a few minutes he reached the summit of the hill, and was soon in sight of the great Atlantic. He dismounted and eat down on the grass, while a discontented look rested on his face. "I can do nothing through John," he said to himself, "nothing at all. 'an anything be done with Tommy Trethewy ? He depends on me for a good deal of work, and would not like to offend me. But what can I sty if I go to him, and why should I say anything ?" He looked out on the wide sea, and its immensity gave him a sense of freedom and strength ; he turned and looked on the broad a:res around him, most of which were sup posed to be his, and these gave him a sense of security and comfort. "After all," he said, " I know nothing against the fellow. A strange, hulking youth, no doubt, but that is all. It's my own con science that has made me feel so bitter to wards him; he always reminds me of -but never mind. Why should I go and seek to rain his pro'pects when the gain is so doubt ful Of course, if I thought that any good would come of driving him from the country I would do it, no matter what the conse quences were, but I don't see the good of It." For a long time he calculated and con idered the probable issues, and finally con clue I to let him stay. If Ishmael were his enemy. as he had a vague idea that he was, it mighat not be the wisrst thing to drive him out of sight. Indeli. it might be better if he kept him within sight. If he wereonly a .urly, dark-minded youth -well, then, he Reuben Penwithen-had nothing to bother about. Still, he would watch, and that closely, so closely that nothing, however io:als, should ccape his notice. Sr far his mind was settled ; but he was not quite free from the influences of the a ght before. That will still tronbled him. as it had done ever since old Margery had died Presently he gave a start anj looked at. It was only .Nick Liddicoat, one of hi' brother.in-law's a'rvants; and before Ni:k came up Reuben had conceived a plan. " Nick," he sail, "lake my horse back to Carloggas stables. I'll call for him in about an hour." "Iss, sur." replied Nick, who led the ani mal away until he had got out of Reuben's icght. then he jumped on his back, " j st to zee ef he cud ien ride a gentleman's h,ss." As for Reuben, he hurried down the cliffs, and presently cam, to the sandy beach. He harried along a little way until he came to the cave into which he had gone nine:een years before. He had the will with him then, and he was wondering what he shruld do with it. To-day he was still undecided. He entered the cave. Its mouth stood behind great rocks, and was thus hidden from view. He had discovered it when a boy. He believed then, as he believed now, that no one knew of it but himself. The floor was covered with hard dry sand. The sea never entered except at nigh tides, while the water never reached the extreme ni of it H*e lit a match and looked aro and. He examined the roof and sides, feeling along 'arefully with his hands. Presently his hand went into a hole in the side of the cave. How the hle had been made he did not know, but he knew that such holes in cacs were commou. Yes, he could just touch the end. flow quiet it was in there I Outside the waves surge t and mean-d, but there all was 'hffetent. The nearest house was half a mile away, an- the cave was unknown. lie sat down on a stone and remained there thinking f 'r an hone or more. His mind seemei made up, and he came ounside and looked around. No one was near, no one saw. Then he went back to Carioggas with a look -f confidence on his face. That day Ishmael startel to work at Tommy rrethewy's. and he, in spite of his interest in his work, mode many plans about the future, not knowing what Reuben Penwithen had determined upon. (To be continued.) 