Varieties. The shooting stars appear to have no aim, and no one under heaven knows what they are shooting for. When some people get on the roll of honor they think they must roll it up and take it off with them. Clara—" Mamma, dear, is a bat harm less 1" Mamma—"I don't know, my child ; ask your father there." "I tell you, Marbury, you can't get something for nothing in this world." " Oh, I' don't know ; how about measles?" Gentleman (to peddler)—" Call these safety matches ? Why, they won't light at all ! " Peddler—" Well, wot could yer 'ave safer ?" "Isn't your husband going to Florida for his health this winter?" "No; I persuaded him to invest the money in an insurance on his life." Dashaway—" Stuffer must be dead." Cleverton — " Why ?" Dashaway — "I invited him to dine with me at seven, and it's five minutes past." Old Gentleman—"Does that dog love you, little boy ?" Little Boy—" Yer bet he does ; if he didn't he knows I'd lick the stuftin' out of him." 'Ninety-five—"Say, Blanks, have you read 'Romeo and Juliet?'" 'Ninety six—" I've read Romeo and I intend tak ing up Juliet soon." He (after a rejection)—" You'll be sorry for this." She—"I know it, but (with resignation) it will not be until after I have married someone else." Mother (looking over her boy's shoulder) —"Your spelling is perfectly terrible." Little Son—" This isn't a spelling lesson. It's a composition." Madge—'' How did you discover that he was a lodger?" Helen—"Why, when I. passed him the steak he shuddered as though he had seen a ghost." He—" Do you think I could get a pass on your father's road?" She—"No; they don't pass anything but dividends on his road. I've heard him say so." "Did you read Wiffle's London letter this morning ?" " No, it was too long; over two columns. What did he say ?" " He said there was no news." "Yes, Jim's pretty far down. He's connected with the legislature now." "Is he a. member ?" "Oh, no; it's not so bad as that. He's a committee clerk." "Ah, Mrs. Veelsong, you climb Ben Nevis ? That vas a foot to be proud of." "Pardon me, count, but you mean 'feat."' "O—h! You climb it more than vonce ? " " How about the rent of this house of yours, Jones ? Doesn't the landlord ask a good deal for it ?" Jones—" Yes ; he often asks five or six times a month for it.'' It is remarked that not one of the papers controlled by women said a hard word about the late Jay Gould. This is believed to arise from his having invented a mouse-trap. Butcher—" I need a boy about your . size, and will give you. 12s. a week." Ap plicant—" Will I have a chance to rise,?" " Yes, I want you here at.four o'clock in the morning!" 