RE1LIGIOU8. TIE sum Of £3531 was handed over to Commissioner Coombs ait the recent demonstration in the Melbourne Town Hall of the Social Work in connection with the Salvantidn Army. Rev. F. Hibberd, chairman of the N.S.W. Baptist Union, and honorary pastor of the church, at Ashfield (N.S.W.),' has resigned his charge. Ho intends to reside in the Parra matta district. Rev. Dr. Jeffries, lato of Sydney, has received invitations to the Congre gational churches at Glebe and Croy don. M r. Thomas Spurgeon has received an enthusiastic welcome from the members of the Metropolitan Tabor nacle, London. Mr. Spurgeon will bccupy the pulpit for 12 months. \- 'Work among the Kanakas in Queensland' was the subject of a most interesting lecture by Miss Deck, of Ashlfield, at the. weekly meeting of the Y.W.O.A., Sydney. 1ev. Hugh Irwin, B.A. (Pres.) of Christchurch (N.Z.), who has been ill for some time, has died at the ago of -17 years. He was widely known as a benevolent man, and an earnest ovan golist. The Primate of New Zealand's re signation of the Seo will take effect on October 9th. He haslaboured for the church inthat colony for upwards of 54 j'ears. The Bishopric of Wellington has been offered -to the Rov. A. S. In gram, best known for his connection with the Church Home. I The Annual Convention for the deepenuing of spiritual life is to be hold at St. Peter's, WVoolloomooloo, Sydney, on October 17th, 18th, and 19th. Rov. William Moore, one of the first Wesleyan missionaries to Fiji, died at Stanmore, on September 12th. Ah cable has been received from Korea, intimating that the Presby terian missionary Rev. J. H. Mackay is compelled to resign owing to ill health. The MIisses H. E. and E. M. Saunders will leave for China early min October under the auspices of the Victorian Church MIissionary Associa tion. They will take up work in the Fuh-Ning district, and while learning thlo language will reside at Ku-Ching, and will be under the guidance of the Rev. H. W. Stewart. Mr. WV. T. Carter, formerly a Wes loyan minister in South Australia, is now MI.P. for Williamstown (Vic.). Ho has recently been appointed Government Whip and Ministerial Secretary, and is looked upon as a coming man in Victorian politics. He still retains his connection with the Wesleyan Church. News has been received of the death in China of Mr. Henry G. Upham, a former member of the Lydiard-street NM.I. Association, Bal larat, who went to the mission-field under the auspices of the Lydiard. street Sunday School. The Queensland Anglican Synod has sent a message of congratulation to Sir Henry Norman on his appointment as Viceroy of India. The Separation Yeague intend sending him a similar message. Father Barlow is arranging for a mission in Bulli, to be conducted by a preacher of one of the orders of the Church which are specially given to revival work. The foundation stones of a new parish.hall and a new parsonage were recently laid at Burwood, Sydney, by the Primate and Mrs. H. D. Bray. Tile hall is to cost £800, and the whole of this has been raised. The cost of the parsonage will be about £1500, but the money in hand will not be sufficient to meet the expenditure by some £400. WeVo (Austraalia Chlristian 7World) re gret to hear of the serious illness of tbho 1ev. Dr. Steel, of Sydney, who hhs been confined to his bed for tluee 0co0ks. Drs. M'Laurin and T. Dixson consulted.about his case on Tuesday. Weo regret to hear as we go to press that after the consultation his medical advisers hold out no .hopo of his re covery. Dr. Steel has been one of the lnading ornaments of the Sydney pul pit for the past 30 years, and groat re g'ot is expressed at the sudden and alarming illness of the genial, able, ahd much-loved Doctor. i The annual public meeting on be Ihalf of special religious instruction ii Public Schools; under the direction ot the Chuich of England Synod com mittoee, was held recently in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney. The report stated that three-fourths of the chil drecn enrolled in the Public Schools in the diocese, excluding infants, had beboen taught during the past year by the clergy and salaried and voluntary teachers at a cost of £786 16s 5d. SCardinal Moran is not expected back until next month. Bishop Higgins, his coadjutor, may be called to be the Archbishop of Adolaide. Wesleyan Methodism of 1893 is not likely to repent the action that created Primitive Methodism in 1808. . John Wesley's 'field preaching' did much to create opposition to him in the Church of England; yet his followers could not stand cainp meetings andl field preaching, even when these con vorted men by scores, under Hugh Bourne and WVilliam Clowes. At a recent meeting of the Hobart Ministors' Associatbon arrangements wihich have been in progress for some time;.were completed, whereby it is anticipated the whole of the city will bo visited from .house to house. The main object of the movement is to roach non-churchgoers and children iot attending Sabbath schools, as well as cases of poverty and distress. In o'dor to make such a large undertak ing practicable, the city has been ihapped out into districts or parishes, one of Wvhich has beeoon assigned to each of the congregations connected with the Ministers' Association. Speaking of the recent visit of Indian Evangelists to Sydiwy, tho Wa7Pr cry states :--The object lesonss ofIndian religious customs wero very instructive as well as amusing. For instance, it was humorous to see the foot-washing, tile wator-drinking, and the devil-dancing, and it also conveyed a good idea of the customs in Eastern countries. The Indian marriago was also very realistic. The Comnds sioner acted as bridegroom, and the -Major as bride. Garlands of flowers were put about their necks, bouquets in their hands. Muthinh performed the cieremony in priestly style, and amid the clanging of cymbals and the rattle of the tom- tome the deed was dorie. The Bishop of Livorpool sees nothing before England but gloom and dark ness in the densest order. The de clining reverence for the authority of Holy Scripture, the growing indiffer ence of the people to the progress.of anti-?eformation teachings, and the tendency of Governments to abolish State churches, or, as his Lordship puts it, to refuse to recogniso ' Chris tianity and God '-these are signs of the times that are full of most serious warnings for all. Then the half educated classes are moro and moro getting hold of all political power, the strikes and divisions between capital and labour are becoming fiercer, drunkenness, Sabbath-breaking, gam bling, and non-church going are on the increase, and children are being sent forth from school 'clever about this world, but utterly ignorant about Christ, the Holy Ghost, or the way to heaven.' The Town Hall, Hobart, was crowded to overflowing recently, when Rawci, the young Maori evangelist, gave gospel addresses, and sang iin his native tongue with guitar accompani mont. The Marois are regarded as a people of much higher calibro than the aboriginals.of any other portion of the Australasian colonies, and Rawoi is a gifted scion of the truly remarlk able race. His object hero is to raiso funds for the mission amongst his own people, of whom there are some 42,000 still in Now Zealand. He spoke fluently, and occasionally rose to a pitch of eloquenc. His race is credtied with a knowledge of the gifts of ora tory, and lawei wears this mantle of his forefathers with grace and power. Yesterday (says the lThercury) ho selected two woll-known subjects from the Bible, and clearly and interestingly expounded them from a Maori point of view. The congregations woro as much impressed by his ability as with his evident earnestness. 