plaration of vffiM?* THE ' HONORABLE COLLEAGUES' AT IT. ?????-? ' GROOM AND THE GAZETTE. ' Quite a block in the traffic took place in Margaret-street yesterday opposite the Court House shortly prior to noon. The public ' supposed the ceremony would take place alfresco but Mr. S. G. Stephens, the re turning officer, made his way upstairs into the court room at the appointed hour and was followed by a rush winch soon filled the ? place. The returning officer took his seat on the bench, with the candidates— the elect to the right and the rejected to the left, in accordance with scriptural dispen sation. The returning officer said he had made a careful examination of the ballot papers and found that not a single mistake had been made on Saturday at any of the polling places. The numbers were therefore the same as announced on Saturday night, viz.: John Fogarty ? 1261 William Henry Groom ... 1210 Robert Aland ? 59S Informal..,. ? 11 He had therefore to declare John Fogarty and William Henry Groom as duly elected members for the Electoral District of Drayton and Toowoomba. One hitch, and only one, had occurred in the arrangements — the crowding of the verandahs of trTe Depot. No better place for the purpose of polling could have been selected, and he had made all necessary arrangements for the con venience of voters, but had forgotten to tell the police to keep the verandahs clear. He had to ask them to pardon him for that over sight. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Fogarty, who was received with cheers, said he was there for the purpose of thankiug them for having elected him. Although feeling ran very high, especially towards the end of the election, he supposed such contests could not be carried oa without it. If any friction occurred he would ask them to forget it and to revert back to the good feeling which had previously existed. He must say he was very much surprised. at the result of the poll. He never expected to be at the head of it. He regretted to see that he had received 14.6 plumpers. It was through no wish of his he had do:ie so. He had even taken the trouble to write a number of letters to his friends asking them not to plump for him, and advising them to exercise the full franchise and vote for two members as two were to be returned. Any promise that he had made he would faith fully keep. (Applause.) He did not pre tend to say he would be in a position to ; carry them out. If retrenchment was ac cepted as the policy of the M'llwraith Ministry — and it was likely from the way ! the elections were going that they would be able to carry their policy — he was bound to assist them to do so. Those opposed to him had treated him in a very gentlemanly way. Although things had 'become fairly warm, he had never said a disparaging word of any one. He did not believe in people going round canvassing— it gave those who had the smallest means the least chance against the capitalist. (Hear, hear.) It was necessary for the prosperity of the country that capital and labour should go handin hand, and it was his duty to endeavour to bring about a friendly feeling between the two. (Applause.) Peisonally he was very much pleased to sit with Mr. Groom, anil only regretted there were not three seats so that Mr. Aland could be elected also. He had a certain ambition, and it had been gratified by his election. He did not claim any special ability, but he did claim honesty of purpose — (cheers) — and at the end of the | three years he would hand back the trust j they had repo;edin him unsullied. (Cheers.) I He thanked his committee who worked for ! him and the electors who voted for him. If ! they should have reason to regret their uuuice, 11 wuum cjc uecau-ie 01 nis want 01 ability and not want of purpose. (Loud cheers.) Mr.'Groom, who was well received, said he stood in a unique position in the face of : the oppositian aimed at himself personally. ; A prediction was made not only in Too- I woomba but in Brisbane that he had not the ; ghost of a show, but the result provcl that he had. (Applause.) Very un fair means had been adopted, and very untruthful telegrams about him : had been sent to the Brisbane pipers. '? and he had to set to work to counteract them. During his 31 years of political ex- I perience he had only had one quiet election j —he had always had to fight hard for his : seat at other times. But he found that the j greater the opposition he meet the greater I the majority he got. (Applause.) In 1862, j his first contest, his majority was 21, in 1S63 ! it was 23, and now it was 612. That was I ssfficicnt compensation for the services of j 31 years. He did not care whether he ! was fiiit or second on the poll. He esteemed the honour just as highly. As long as two members were returned whose opinions were in consonance, it did. not matter. (Hear, hear from Mr. Symes, and applause.) He would say now , let the hatchet be buried. In election con ? tests feeling always ran high. It ran high in England, but after an election party feeling was immediately buried. It should be the same here. The interest of the district and town should be -looked to before anything, otherwise it would result in retrogression rather than progression. Whatever had been said against him, and some very bitter un kind things had been said against him, now that it was all over let itrcmaii so. His heartfelt thanks were due to his committee, especially to the young native born Toowoom bans who had worked hard for him. 11 uou spareci mm to come hclorc them : again three years hence he hoped he wouid \- be able to give a good account of his stewardship. Cheers. : Mr. Aland, who wa-. received with applause, said they could not expect from him the kind of speech which the two suc cessful candidates had given. From their knowledge of human nature they would naturally expect something more kindly from the other two than from him. At the same time,- he was not going to say anythiiv very ungenerous or discourteous He had first to thank the 59S electors who voted for him. His committee had worked very hard to bring about the- result, although the result was not what ho had expected. He did not expect to h; so: very far behind. He expected to poll very ma-iy more votes, because he had been promised very many more. (Laughter.) He was not going to thank those who did not vote for him. A certain proportion of the electors he could not hold in very high esteem because they promise; 'to do what they did not do. He wished to deal with some statements made ; by Mr. Groom at the Assembly Rooms ; but '- . first . he inight say he had been considerably , handicapped by being laid aside by sickness :.*v' during , the election. He had faith enough in his; own powers -of persuasiveness to jielieveithat if he had been able to get about .'.'-.. it would have been the means of somewhat . -altering the numbers. lie would refer first .' .;;. to one : matter. Mr. Symes, who had been his U most I assiduous opponent, went about cir : .: dilating things which he knew to be utterly .untrue'. ; He stated to' several persons that ' he would not allow Aland to speak— that he ?would howl.;; : him down. (Mr. Symes: ; .' Untrue.) He was told so by several per . sons. ? Even in the streets of Toowoomba 'v Mr. Symes told people that Aland was in ':?*??'?- favour of black labour. (Mr. Symes : I say '; '' so now.) He said so'now ! Had one of his (Mr. Aland's) actions ever showed that he ' favored black labour? Had he not always spoken against it.and voted against it in the Hoihc ? Mr. Groom knew it, ami Mr, Svine* knew itj and it was a cruel and deliberate, lie for any man to, make about 'mother, more especially when he was lying on a bed of sickness and unable. to defend himself. (Cheers. Mr. Symes : It is true.) He denied it. It was merely a matter of credence between the two of them. Mr. Symes further stated that once he reverenced Mr. Aland, bnt now he held him in the utmost contempt. (Mr. Symes : I said so.) Mr. Aland : I shall probably be able to survive his contempt, -even as Mr. Groom survived Mr. Symes' advice given fifteen years ago to ' eschew sack and live cleanly.' (Laughter.) — Another report which was industriously circulated out at Middle Ridge, and did him incal culable harm there, was that_ he. had been the cause of the detectives being sent out there to spy on the Sunday wine selling, and was also the means of closing the wine gardens on Sunday. (Mr. Groom : These is no truth in it.) But I was told it myself when I went there. — One of these statements was a malignant falsehood ; in the other there was a modicum of truth. He would briefly explain how the wine gardens were closed on Sunday. Mr. Grimes, Mr. Groom and himself had pointed out to them what a shame it was these wine gardens were allowed to sell on Sunday. The evil effects were seen in numbers riding down Hume Street on Sunday evening in a state of intoxication. They drew Sir Samuel Griffith's attention to it, and he instcrted a clause in the Act which closed the wine- gardens on Sundays. But as for him sending spies out there, there was no one who knew anything of him who would believe it. If those people broke the law there were ways of getting at them besides setting spies to watch them. Mr. Groom had accused him of a very ungenerous action. He spoke under difficulty, as he was yet far from recovered from his illness, In Mr. Groom's speech at the Assembly Rooms on Friday night he saiil that only he had secured that hall a fortnight ago and thus frustrated the machimations of the Ministry, he and his colleague would have had no hall to speak in that night. Mr. Groom : What are you quoting from ? Mr. Aland : '/Vie Darling Downs Gazette. Mr. Groom : I never take any notice of anything that appears in that paper. (Howls from the howlers.) Mr. Aland said the Chronicle had not the manliness to publish a report of Mr. Groom's speech on that occasion and the Gazette did report it. It was all very well to howl at the Gazette and repudiatcits reports, but the Gazette always gave both sides of a question, which the Chronicle never did. It always carefully printed extracts on any subject from papers which agreed with itself. The Courier gave extracts from the Gazette, the Chronicle, and other papers, no matter whether their opinions agreed with or differed from its own, but the Chronicle never gave the other side of a question. Mr. Groom had talked about the machinations of the Ministry doing him out of public halls. Well, he (Mr. Aland) might just as well have talked about the machinatio.-.s of Mr. Groom in engaging the Assembly Rooms a fortnight in advance and thus depriving him of its use on the night before polling. No doubt they would 'all like to have the largest hall on that night. His committee had engaged the School of Arts and the Town Hall but when they found Mr. Fogarty wanted a hall on Friday they wrote offering him the Town Hall, and were thanked by Mr. Fogarty's committee, although the o'ffet was eventually declined, Mr. Fogarty going with Mr. Groom to the Assembly Rooms. — Mr. Aland here read the letter from Mr. Fogarty's com mittee, and continuing, reiterated his version of the meetings of the Liberal Party at the formation of the Coalition Ministry. At the first meeting they were unanimous, with the exception of Mr. Glassey who said that under no circumstances would he follow Sir Thomas M'llwtaith. (Mr. Groom: That's not so.) Write to Mr. Glassey and let him settle it. The second meeting broke up indis order, as Mr. Groom said, butforwhatreason? Because two or three persons expected portfolios in the Coalition Government and didn't get them. (Great laughter, and a voice : Name them.) Oh, what is the good of divine their names. Well. I shall sav that I myself was one. (Uproarious laughter aid applau-c.) — Mr. Groom accused him of ad vo rating the Special Sales of Land Bill. (Mr. Groom : I never mixed your name up with that. The report is false.) Well, I now refer to the tenour of leading articles in the Chronicle for the last week or two. (Laughter.) He thought that while they were~in want of money and had land lying idle it was their duty to sell it and bring' the money in to pay their debts. No land within 20 miles of a railway or survey of a railway could be sold and surely there was plenty of land within 20 miles of the railways to serve for agricultural purposes for very many years to come — Mr. Groom's memory has again failed in reference to the statement made by me (Mr. Aland) that 15 years ago Mr. Groom and 5 candidates appeared on a Too woomba platform to crush me. I should have said Mr. Groom anJ 4 other candi dates. Then Mr. Groom and Mr. Daven port contested the election in the interests of Sir Thomas M'llwraith while I stood in what is called the Liberal interest. Messrs. Groom, J)avenport, and O'Sullivan spoke of Sir Thomas M'llwraith as the only saviour of the country. Why Mr. Groom did uot stick to Mcllw'raith no doubt he has good reasons to show. — Mr. Groom did not remember all this but he said he did remem ber that after Mr. Davenport's death Mr. Aland applied to him (Mr. Groom) to use his influence to got him (Mr. Aland) elected to the vacant scat. Now, he did not deny that he owed his election in no small measure to Mr. Groom's influence— (hear, hear)— but he never applied to Mr. Groom for assistance. (Mr. Groom : Yes, you did— both you and Mr. Taylor.) Mr. Taylor came to him not he (Mr. Aland). It was at the time of the great hubmib over the steel rails contract when it had been decided that Griffith should go to England to pursue Mcllwraith. Mr. Davenport was lying ill and it was known that he would never recover. Ten days before his death Mr. Groom met him (Mr. Aland) near the Q.N. Hank coiner and said, 'What do you intend to do about Davenport's seat ?' I said, ' Let the man die first.' (Sensation.) He did die, and two days after his death Mr. Groom met me at the door of my store — I must confess I was about to go and see Mr. Groom, but he met me at my own door — and the consequence was that I had Mr. Groom's support. I never sought his influence, but acknowledge that I owed my election very largely to it. But I believe no Ministeria list then could possibly have obtained the seat. Poor Mr. Taylor received a lot of promises, the same as I did recently, and, like me, was left. (Laughter.) Mr. Groom said on Friday night that he was too honest and too high principled for the present Government. Well, all I can say is/let Mr. Groom say that in the House before the Government. (Mr. Groom : I never made such a statement.) It is very funny they should have reported here nothing but a tissue of falsehoods. Mr. Groom also said Sir Samuel Griffith begged of him to accept the Speakership. (Mr. Groom : I never said it.) In that case I will not explain how the Speakership was given you. And he made a very efficient speaker, eentlcmen. (A voice : He kept you in order.) Oh, we were not so hard to keep in order. We were not so hard to keep in order as you. (Laughter and applause.) — Mr. Groom had also accused him of calling the electors donkeys. He had merely answered an interjector to the effect that he must be a donkey if he did not understand Mr. Kingsbury's explanation of the Land Grant Railway Act. He had '0 congratulate Mr. Fogarty, and would say in no unfriendly spirit that it was very different cock-crowing ;on one's own dunghill and speaking to the benches of the House. There he must be ?well assured of his facts or he would soon be pulled up with a round turn. Finally he had to say a word about his old friend Mr. Jaines 'Campbell, and the word was such as' ought to Ibringa- blush of dishonour on himself. It was the only unworthy act he had been guilty of during his Parliamentary career of 12 years.. His -late \ copartner, Mr. \V. II. Groom ever and anon brought up re ference to the fact of Mr. Campbell having supported the 21 years'pastoral leases.— Of course Mr.' GroomJ did not |support the 21 years' leases, no more did I. We did' not' vote for the clause, neither did we, vote against it. How comes it that our nanW.ire not to be found in the division? I will tell you. Because we were told by Mr. Donald son and several other pastoralist members that if we opposed it they would not help us to oppose the Warwick-St. George railway proposal. And thus it came that when the division was taken Mr. Groom was looking in at one window and I at the other. (Great laughter.) Although this matter has been thrown up to Mr. Campbell time after time by Mr. Groom and his paper, Mr. Campbell never gave the true statement of the case because he did not like to round on me. Now I have rounded on myself. (Laughter.) In all probability I will not come before you again. If I feel three years hence as I feel now nothing will induce me to undergo the ordeal. I am pleased to to think that when the House meets next month the Ministry in power will be able to deal with the affairs of the country wisely and well. It is a Coalition Ministry, com posed partly of Liberal and partly of Con servative elements, and I trust the Liberal leaven will be sufficient to leaven the whole mass so that good wholesome measures may result. I feel very sorry for what the Opposition must be. I am sure I never sat before amongst such a class of men as will form the Opposition on the 14th of Tune. I entertain no feeling of ill will towards any oue, and before sitting down will thank the Irishman, who, when on Saturday night the mob refused to hear my friend return thanks for me, said, ' Let him speak for the man. He is a better man than the other two, although I voted against him !' (Cheers.) Mr. Groom, in moving a vote of thanks to the returning officer, said no Irishman ever made use of any such remark, and it was a specimen of the stories going about. Mr. Aland : You had better tell Mr. Charles Campbell he is a liar. Groom : I will not say he is a liar, but he misunderstood what was said. Mr. Campbell: I misunderstood nothing. I heard the words distinctly and know who spoke them. Mr. Groom said that Mr. Symes never gave him the advice 15 years ago which Mr. Aland mentioned. It was a slander to say it, and he was surprised at it coming from one he had befriended. (Mr. Aland : When.J) Me nact the very greatest aimcuity 1 in getting Mr. Aland into' Parliament. (Mr. . Aland : That's not true.) He was told : that if he allied himself with Aland ? he would lose a large section of his supporters. (Mr. Aland : Ha, the labour party whom you hate.) It wasn't the , labour party, and he didn't hate them. Mr. Aland's statement regarding the meeting of Liberals at the foundation of the Coalition was altogether wrong. (Mr. Aland: Oh, ask Glassey.) Sir Samuel Griffith stated that Sir Thomas M'llwraith had come to his office and offered his services to defeat his late colleagues. Mr. Sayers said, ' If you join with M'llwraith, I'll resign my seat fo Charters Towers and go home.' They never met again till the second meeting, which broke up hi disorder. The report in the Gazette that he had said he was too honest for the Coalition Government was faise. If they liked to send an incompetent reporter who could not write shorthand, and knew nothing about reporting, and was a personal enemy of his own, what could be expected ? As a specimen of the statements from that quaiter, a meeting of his held in the Assembly Rooms on 24th of last month, and where a motion of confidence was unanimously carried, it was reported in the Brisbane Telegraph that a motion of want of confidence was carried unanimously. (A voice : The telegram was misread and after wards corrected.) He knew where these telegrams came from because when he was last in Brisbane he took the trouble to enquire. He had never in the whole course of his political experience heard such a : scene as had just taken place. Every i possible effort had been made to de- i feat him, and Mr. Aland had lent him- ! self as a tool to do it. They had Mr. Kings- I bury there pouring out his spite on him. ' The effect of Mr. Kingsbury coming was that the waverers were decided over to them (Messr.-. Groom and Fogarty. — Applause.) It gained them at least 200 votes. (A voice: What about looking in at the window — the two of you ? — Laughter). He had heard something of looking in at the window be fore. As far as the 21 years' leases were concerned the amendment had nothing to 110 with the Warwick-St. George railway. (Mr. Aland : We were promised the support of Mr. Donaldson and others against the Warwick- St. George railway if we did not oppose the clause.) The Warwick-St. George Railway was carried in 1884 and the Land Act in 1885. (Mr. Aland: In 18S6— it was the amendment of the Act in that year.) That was correct. The story about his looking in at the window was utterly, untrue. He heard the debate but did not vote because it was a party question. During the con test he had abstained from personalities. During the last 4 or 5 years he had left Mr. James 'Campbell alone, a:id hid intended leaving him alone during the present elections. His editor was at the table and knew the orders he had give i hi:n. Hut Mr. Campbell had made a personal attack on himself and the Chronicle, and they had to retaliate in self-defence. Mr. Aland's state ment that he (Mr. Groom) had come to him ten davs before Mr. Davenport's death about the election was untrue. It was three or four] days after Mr. Davenport's death that another gentleman came to him about it. It was slanderous to say he would make arrangements about the election before the man died. Mr. Aland : The same as you tried to do three years ago. Mr. Groom sent his man Friday round to say Mr. Groom had seen Aland striken down and that he could never recover, ind he gave Symes orders to call a meeting to elect my successor. Mr. Groom never saw me from the time I was taken 111 till I was convalescent. On another occasion we both agreed not to go to a certain meeting in Toowoomba called to oppose the via recta. I went to Southport and Mr. Groom to Toowoomba where he at tended the meeting and allowed me to be abused for not attending, without offer iutr a word of excuse or explanation. He allowed Mr. Taylor to ascribe most unworthy motions to me, saying I purposely did not attend became I had some property in Warwick. After some more crimination and wriggl ing, Mr. Groom moved his vote of thanks and sat down. Mr. Fogarty seconded the motion, saying he was very anxious to leave the platform as the last few minutes had not been very agreeable. After some explanation re the offer of the Town Hall and acknow lodgement of the courtesy of Mr. Aland's committee, he said he did not hear the remark stated to have been made by the Irishman on Saturday night, but would say that he himself had taken a very active part in re storing order. (Cheers.) The vote was carried by very hearty ac clamation, and. the ceremony ended. 