DEATH OF ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. THE WORKS DURING THE LATE ARCHBISHOP'S EPISCOPATE, The Very Rev. Dr. Byrne (administrator of the diocese) has forwarded U3 a list of ths works accomplished during the archbishop's episcopate. They are appended :— Churches in the Archdiocese of Adelaide— St. Paul's, Mount Gambier; St. Alphonsus, Millicant; St. Teresa, Allandale; St. Mary's, Bordertown ; St. Barnabas, Strathabyn ; Our Lady of the Rosary, Stirling East; Sc. Bar tholomew, Maitland ; St. Bridget, Warooka ; St. Columba, Yorketown; St. Aiden, Col ton; St. Caniee, Snowtown; St. Vincent De Paul, Port Wakefield; St. Cecilia, Athurton; St. Michael's. Clare; Holy Cross, Goodwood; St. Raphael's, Park side; Our Lady of the Angela, Thebarton; Saints John and Paul, Tarlee; St. Laurence O'Toole, Eudunda; St. Andrew Ap., Balao lava; Our Lady Help of Christians, Lower North Adelaide; Church of the Holy Ghost, Dominican, North Adelaide; St. Mary's "Sedes Sapientiae," Baulah-road; St. Martin of Tours, Redhill; St. Malachy's, Mallala; the additions to St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. Churches 111 the now Diocese of Port Augusta — All Saints' Cathedral, Port Augusta; Immaculate Conception, Cjuorn ; St. Thomas of Canterbury, Hookina; St. Gabriel's, Cradock; St. Raphael's, Carrieton; St. Dominic's, Willochra; St. Clement's, Mel rose; St. Catherine's, Pekina ; St. Vergilius, Yatina; Sts. Philip and James, Yarrowie; St. Mary's Immaculate Heart, Georgetown ; Sr. John Evangelist, Laura; Sc. Peter's, Gladstone; St. Agatha's, Narridy;St. Luke's, Gulnare ; St. James, Jamestown; St. Kalian's, Cal towie; Sts. Simon and Jude, Yarcowie; St.-;. Michael and Jotm, Terowie: St. Joseph's, Orroroo ; 'St. Joseph's, Kooringa; Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Dawson; St. Sebastian';--, Yongala;St. Mark's, Port Pirie ; Sts. Gervasc and Protase, Warnertown; Holy Trinity, Crystal Brook. Pesbyterie3 erected in the archdiocese—At Kapunda, Balaclava, Mount Barker, Narra coorte, North Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and Yorketown. Presbyteriea erected in the new Diocese of Port Augusta—Bishop's residence, Port Au gusta ; priest's residence, Pekina; priest'3 resi dence, Peteraburgh. Priests provided for archdiocese, 25; for Port Augusta Diocese, 5. Other buildings erected in archdiocese— That grand Dominican Convent of Cabra, Goodwood, so admirably situated and so well adapted for boarders ; the Christian Brothers' College, in which he took auch a laudable pride, and of whose success he was so accus tomed to speak ; the Convent of Angas street, where the Sisters of Mercy reside and carry on their charitable works of education and of visiting the sick: the Kensington Convent for the sisters of St. Joseph, who have several con vents and schools under their care in the archdiocese ; the Dominican Convent of North Adelaide, where the Sisters of Perpetual Adoration reside; th6 Dominican Convent, Kapunda, where the sisters devote themselves to the education of a large number of children; the Convent of Mercy at Mount Gambier ; the Catholic Refuge, Norwood, conducted by Sisters of St. Joseph; and the Catholic Orphanage, Goodwood, conducted by Sister: of Meroy. Religous orders introduced to the arch diocese—The Carmelite Pathers of Gawler . the Sisters of Mercy, Angas-street and Mouni Gambier; the Dominican Nun3 of Perpetua Adoration, North Adelaide; the Christiar Brothers, Wakefield-street. Confraternities and sodalities—The Sacred Heart, Children of Mary, the Holy Family, Total Abstinence, Holy Rosary, Holy Child hood, Apostleship of Prayer, Our Lady of Perpetual Succor. Benefit societies—The Hibernian Austral asian Catholic Benefit Society, which has several branches in the colony, connected with which are the juvenile and female branches which have been recently established. Literary societies—St. Patrick's, West terrace ; St. Ignatius's, Norwood: St. Raphael's, Parkside; St. Laurence's, North Adelaide. THE ARCHBISHOP'S LAST ILLNESS. For the past twelve years the late Archbishop could not be said to have enjoyed good health. The last time he returned from Rome, where he had an audience with his Holiness the Pope, he was in a very weak state ot health. Symptoms of diabetes manifested themselves, but he did not suffer acutely. Two years ago he was seized with an attack of bronchitis, and it was at that time expected that he would never recover. He rallied, however, and went into active work once more. He was often heard to remark on the kindness shown him during his illness by the Sisters of Mercy, Angas-street. During the past couple of years Dr. Reynolds was never in perfect health, and in order to strengthen himself to go through the office of Holy Week he took a trip to Mount Barker. There he caught a cold which shook his whole frame. The primary disease of diabetes with chronic Bright's disease developed. Con sumption set in, and this, coupled with dropsy and heart disease, carried off the prelate. The two last-mentioned troubles were the imme mediate cause of death. Dr. O'Connell during the last two weeks had to puncture the feet and legs of hi3 Grace to ease him, and he acknowledged to the doctor that the opera tions gave him considerable relief. His Grace bore his sufferings, which at times were intense, with the greatest fortitude. Had he not been a man of such great faith and extraordinary will-power he could not have lived so long. Dr. O'Connell was in atten dance night and day on the late Archbishop, and in recognition of his unremitting attention to him he placed the ring he received when ho was made'Bishop of Adelaide on the doctor's finger. On Saturday Dr. Reynolds passed a very bad night, and seeing that the end was near the apostolic benediction was pronounced. He made the profes sion of faith in the presence of the Ven. Arch deacon Russell, Arehpriest Nevin, the Very Rev. Dean Kennedy, and the Rev. Father Williams. On the same day he gave the Papal benediction which was forwarded _ to liis Grace some little time ago by his Holiness the Pope to the priests^] of his diocese. Dr. O'Connell was also present, and on telling his Grace that his end was near he said. '"It is the will of God ; let it be done. I'll pray; for you before the throne of God. Jesus, nave meroy on me." On Monday morning the Archbishop was quite free from bodily pain, and his death is described as peaceful and beautiful. He remained quite conscious till about half an hour before the end oame. MOURNING CEREMONIES AT ST* FRANCIri XAVIER'S CATHEDRAL. St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral was draped in mourning on Monday evening. The pillars were all covered in black, and the cloth fell in graceful folds from the gas jets. The altar was stripped of its adornments and put in mourning, while the throne where Dr. Reynolds officiated so many times and gave his blessing to the faithful was also en veloped in black. A pedestal was erected im mediately in front of the sanctuary and was draped with purple and white, A large num ber of adherents of the Church assembled at the Cathedral on Monday night awaiting thearn val of the remains of the deceased prelate. About half-past 9 the bell began to toll, and Dr. Byrne, vested in black cope, with Bathers McEvoy, Cornes, Hurley, and Archdeacon Russell, in soutanes and surplices, and several acolytes, emerged from the vestry and pro ceeded down the aisle to meet the coffin at the door of the Cathedral. Close on 10 o'clock a procession was formed up the church. The acolytes carrying the crosses and lighted candles came first, then the priests, and Mr. Siebert and assistants carrying the coffin. Bather McMahcn held the Archbishop's mitre. The bier was placed on the pedestal and the lid_ unscrewed. The head was raised and a cushion placed under neath. The'mitre was placed on the head and a cross deposited on the Archbishop's breast, HewasdresEed in his episcopal robes. Thee the whole congregation passed round the coffin and paid their respects to the remains of the eminent prelate. The body will lie in state to day. 