A Yoimg Man's Beligion. AN ADDRESS AT EXETER HALL. i Br REV. J. STALLER, D.D., GLASGOW. The following address by Dr. Stalker; contains an answer to tho question: ""Wherewithal Shall a Young Man Cloanao His "Way ?" Psalm 119, 0. (Head Proverbs m. 13 -20.) Dr, Stalker said : " My subject "will bo, the re ligion of a young man : what it ought to be, and what it ought not to bo. I am troing to take three "heads" a very orthodox plan, especially in the northern country to which I belong. First ot all, tho religion of a young man should bo NOT A CREED BUT AN EXPERIENCE. I have never been one of those who run down creeds and systems of theology. This is a ¡ favorite pastime with some, and it ia supposed to i be very popular with young men. But it has j always seemed to me slightly vulgar and Philis- j tine. Is it not vulgar to talk as if tho thinking of the world had commenced with us, and to cut ourselves off from the piety and learning of past ages? Creeds and theologies are simply the efforts of men and bodies of men in past ages to put into their own words what they had learned from tho Bible of the truth of God ; and to make clear to , themselves tho menning of God's dealings with ' their souls. If we are both Christians and thinkers this ia tho work we are doing ourselves, and the moro keon our efforts are, the closer should be our sympathy with those who have gone be fore us. A friend told mo that when he was staying in the country ho met a young student who, when m the city, attended the ministry of one of thosb ; preachers who are alway E running do wir theology j and theologians. Ha asked how he was getting on, and the student replied : "Well, the session, before last, the minister taught ma to disbelieve ' all the thinkers about religion who had existed betöre him ; and last session I learned for myself to disbelieve in him. The result is that now Ido , not believe anything at all." I think that was a perfectly natural transition. If the thinkers of past ages have all gone wrong, what likeliho jd Í3 there that wo shall go right ? We must believe that the seekers after truth who have preceded us were led by God into the truth. : And yet, in spite of all that, my proposition ia J that a young man's .- oligion should not bu a creed, but an experience. There is a right use of the FRUITS OF THE THINKERS OF THE PAST, j ¡and there is also a wrong use. When they are imposed on us from the outsido as a yoko, and we are asked to believe tho statements of tho men of bygone ages simply because they believed them, and are to be accounted heterodox if we do not do so. every manly and fresh mind rebels against the imposition. The right use of the theologies , of the past is quite different. They are the test- j timoniea of many witnesses handed down from the past, that iu this confused life of ours they found a region cf peace and power whore they tasted and Baw that God is good and Christ is psecious. It is a venerable and impressive testimony, which ought to make us go and seek for that experience ourselves, because it still exists, and it is as free to us as it was to them. God was in the 1 ancient world, but he is in the modern world like wise. Jesus Christ was in Galileo and Judea 18 centuries ago, but Jesus Christ ÍB in this 19th century. Ho comes to every one of us; his spirit dwells in every one of us if we let him enter. Our religion is then no longer a hearsay, for which wo are dependent on the testimony of others, but an experience that no man can take from us. And while, in a sense, this brings us into closer contact with the thinkers of bygone ages, in a very im portant sense it makes us independent of them. We are able to say to them i " Now we believe, not because of your saying, but wo have heard him ourselves, and we know that he ia indeed the Chrißt, the Saviour of the world." Secondly, let me say that the religion of a young man is NOT RESTRAINT, BUT INSPIRATION. I am afraid there aie a ^ reat many young men who never think of religion as anything else but a system of restraint. It meeta them here and turns them back ; it meets them there and says, " You must not go that way." They thihk it is snubbing them, and seam to be standing in the way of all those pleasant things in life that appeal to young desire. If that in tho conception of re ligion that a young man has, of course he dislikes it; because the instincts of youth are for liberty, and they do not want to be tied tip in a straight jacket of prohibitions. Bnt I deny altogether that thia is tho trae con ception of religion. There ia in it an element of restraint ; we do not deny that. And every one of us tnows how much it isnesded. For there is in every man a wild beast that requires to be muzzled and tied up )f the nobler part ia to have any chance at all. But I deny that thiB muzzling and tying up is the characteristic thing in reli gion. Religion doe3 not clip the winga of the fresh young spirit; it gives us winga. It does not devitalize us ; it pours floods of new energy along our veins. It is not a restraint, but an inspira tion. There is a remarkable saying of St. Paul abont this that has always seemed to me of great signi ficance, since I understood the meaning of it. You remember he says in one place, "Be not drunk with wine, wherein is excesfj, but be Siled with the Spirit." It is easy to understand these statements when taken separately ; but it waB a long time before I saw tho connection between, them. Yet it Í3 in thia connection that tba point; and the secret lie. Intoxication is simply an oat come of THE DESIRE FOE MORE LIFE. Those who feel that to them lite Í3 groy and monotonous, and that in the channel the water has narrowed ro a driblet, are tempted by wine. Whon they respond to the temptation it seems aa if the'r life were doubled and trebled. Tho tongue becomes eloquent. The future shines ina rosy mist. The m*n leela himself strong, and, aa Robert Burns said, Ower a' tho illa o' lifo victorious. But the reaction comes, ai^d then the mercury registeis a lowe figuro than before ; and the dry ness of life iß greater than before; And every time thip resource is applied to tho conséquences aro more tragic. Yet the desire out of which it springs isa natural desire ; in fact, it is the desire of man. As one of tho poets of this cen ury has said 'Tis ufo, of which our nerves are scant; 'Tia life, not death, for which we pant ; Moro lifo, nud fuller-that wo want. Intoxication ÍB the deceptive answer to tha desire ; tho true answer is Paul's answer* " Bo filled with the Spirit." Trne , religion gives tho very exhilaration and the sense of st-en-jth which drunkenness pretenda to give. I am reminded of a curious description of Cromwell, given by one who knew him very well. Richard Baxter, one of MB pri vate chaplains, says Oliver .* was of such a vivacity, hilarity, and alacrity as another man hath when he has drank a cup too much." I cannot say if it was intended for a compliment, but it seems to me to correspond exactly to Paul's conception of a Christian. And ia it not exactly what our Lord himself meant when ho . said, " I am como that ye might have lifo, and thp.,t ye might have it abundantly ?" My third point as to the religion of a young man is that it is to be NOT AN INSURANCE FOE THE NEXT LIFE ONLY, BXJ& A PROGRAMME FOR THE PRESENT. This is very important; for I believe i^ere ia nothing keeps so many young men back from religion as the notion that ita utility is for tho next lifo only and not for this life also. You know bow it is put to us when wo are . young men. Eternity is described, with its ond lossneas Then v/e ato warded that our condition in that endless eternity will be one of exceeding we»l or woe, according as we have embraced the salvation of Christ or not before we din. Then it is pointed out that we may die at any time. Life is very uncertain; at any step a trapdoor may open, and we may be nent out of time into eternity. Therefore wo aro adjured to embrace Christ now, 30 as to be ready for death whenever it comos. I am not denying the solemn truth there is in all that; and there can be au appea founded on it which I believe has led many to religion. But I venture to say that when religion is represented in that way thero ia a very great deal left out. There are some m^n, and those not tho worst, who wiU nev9i be affected by it. When religion is repre sented as a kind of unpleasant dose which aman must take before h9 dies, or there will be terrible consequences, tho temptation is very great to put it off as long as it possibly can be put it off; and there aro many who will take the risk of doing so. I maintain that religion is misrepresented unless it is made clear that its utility is for this world as well aa for the next world ; a*id that it would be good for us to have it now, even if there were no next world. I remember a friend of mine who had gone far into what is called " a life of pleasure," telling me, when he became a Christian, that what Bur prised him most of all was this-he had always looked on religion as a burden which he knew he ought to carry, but he found that it was SOMETHING THAT CARRIED HIM AND HIS BURDEN TOO. He said also that he had enjoyed in a single week, after he was a Christian, more real plea sure than in all the years he had devoted to what is termed the pursuit of pleasu e. I^m convinced this is the view of religion needed in a great city, or where the individual is lost in the multitude ; and that there are many young men who feel that it does not matter how they live, or whether they sink or Bwini. Ah, but it does matter. It matters for ourselves ; surely everyone of us would wish, to some extent at any rato, to justify his having been born into the world at all. And it matters for others. No young man can tell what the limit of his influence will be, if he is filled with, the Holy Ghost. And it mattera for Jesus Christ. He needs us. He wants us to employ our powers for hiB Kingdom, and to be a stone in the temple he ia going to rear upon eternity. When I waa at college in Edinburgh an incident happened that impressed us all profoundly. Ona of our number, a fine young fellow, was injured on the football field. He had to take to his bed, and it B^on became evident that he would not re cover. Some of those admitted to hiB bedside spoke to him about Christ and salvation. God opened his heart to receive the truth, bur just when he was about to accept the offer of Christ, he turned with a emile to the man who waa dealing with him, and said, " Would it not be a mean thing to take Christ and his salvation now, when I have given the whole of my life to the devil ?" _ Well, I hope that did not stand in his way ; but it was A TRUE THOUGHT AND SENTIMENT, I trust thero will explode in every young man, here the notion of religion which would make & man spend all his life in sin, and at the vory last come to Christ to try and make up for it. That is the meanest conception of religion that a young man can possibly entertain* Do not banish Jesus Christ to sick beds and death beds, and the feeble ness of toothless age. He is with the old, praise be to his name ; but he is the lover of youth and health and manly strength. Give him the flo wes of your age ; give him your young life with all ita powers and possibilities. " Lord Jesus, I am tbinQ no Wi wholly thine, and thine for ever." 