SYBIL GHASE: ?.* ??***- or ? THE GAMBLER'S WIFE, CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) ' ? Yates and Dickinson sat whispering (ai we have said) of things of which thgy dared not speak aloud when Sybil entered. _ ?They had excited themselves with drink, but she feared not to look them determinedly in the face. Her resolve was taken, and she would . not falter now. ;If.she reasoned with her conscience . it was thus — ' The plan is not mine — I could not avoid it. These men are . false and desperate ; I can guide but not' defeat them. ' When it is done! — oh, how my heart beats I — its chains, are falling off— His petty sins shall bind me here *id longer; CHAPTER VII: ; ARRIVAL OF THE GUEST. It was Saturday evening ; the moon rose upon a'scene which utterly changed the, whole aspect of the ranch. ;Since early in the afternoon the road from the mines had been filled with' men. , , About the tents and cabins were grouped scores of men from every na tion in the civilised world. Long tables .had been set out in the open air and covered with such food as the owners of the various huts coulii pro-' cure. . ' A great fire had been kindled near the cabins, at which were placcd bar rels of liquor ; quarters of beef, veni son, and groups of wild fowl were roasting with a slow success that filled the air with appetising odors. ; The ranch had its full share of visi tors; food and drink were bouhtifully provided. Yates and' Dickinson moved about among the men, excited by liquor and evil passions, and urged them on to every species of excess, like fiends striving to drag humanity down to their own base level. Secure in her chamber, Sybil listened to the tumult and smiled quietly. She really had something in common with I.ucrctia llorgia besides the golden tint in her hair. She was sitting by the window and looking towards the path which led to the mountains, so absorbed in thought that she scarcely heard the shouts and hideous din which ascended from be low. .... At last she beheld two men on horseback coming down with a guide. She -clinched her hands on the win dow-sill and firmly watched their ap proach. . ' Margaret's, cousin,' she whispered once ; ' well, hereafter in my dreams I shall be worthy of her thanks — she was afraid of him — shedding tears — yes, yes, it is my turn now.' .The men rode slowly on and as they rcached the foot of the mountain and the demoniac scene, lighted up by the nioon, and the glare of the camp fires hurst upon them, they simultaneously chcckcd their horses and looked at etch other in astonishment. Great heaven, what a sight !' ex claimed Hinchley. ? ' It's like going down to purgatory,'' muttered the domestic. 'Shall we have to spend the night here, Mr. Hinchley?' ' You can't do no Lietter,'intcrrupted the guide. The guide looked eagerly about as he spoke, his savage nature in a state pleasurable excitement and anxious to join the desperate crowds that were scattered right through the valley. 'I wish I had stopped at the dig gings,' said Hinchley. The guide had then stepped away from them and they conversed for a few seconds, in private. Luckily nobody knows we've got the money and dust with us,' said the man. ' That is true. I dare say we are as safe in^ this crowd as we should be alone with the people at Wilson's house. You must keep a good look out all night, Martin. I will see that our rooms are close together. If we are as .ailed we mlist do our best.' There was no time for further con versation ; the guide summoned them impatiently and they rode towards the ranch.- „ Nobody paid ratch attention to them and they hastened on up to the house, where Ydtcs received them with P rough courtesy that was reassuring, compared with the appearance of the . crowd they had seen. 'You have hit on a bad night,' he said, as he conducted them into the house; ' but I will give you rooms up stairs. You will be quiet enough there.' ° ' 'Show us up to them at once,' said Hinchley; 'I am fairly siek with this disgusting scene.' ' I used to feel so,'., said Yates ; ' but a man gets accustomed to any thing in these regions.' ' I'm blessed if I don't hope my ac quaintance will be a short one,-' mut tered Martin. Yates, laughed as he left the room and Hinchley threw himself into a chair, '?caried long privation and hard riding. , ' I sl!ess that we are safe enough here,' said Maitin. ? ®*'-yesJ I apprehend no danger at all.' ° While they waited for their supper and listened to the horrible din below, Yates went to the room where Svbi'l was seated. 'They have come,' he whispered, going close to where she sat' ' I know it,' she replied, quietly. 'You don't feel afraid, Sybil ? You wont draw back?' 'I?1 she laughed, in' her- scornful way. 842 ' Stop that noise,' said Yates, with a menacing gesture; 'You. laugh like a ghost.', ? Mad as he was with liquor and evil l passions, there was something so un natural in that sound that it half so bered him. While they stood eyjng each other, the door opened and Dickinson reeled into the room. ' Come down stairs, Phil,' he said ; ' there will have to be another barrel of whisky got out.' ' You are drunk,' said the Other. ' A man needs to be,' he shivered. ' Goodness, Mrs. Yates 1 how you bok I' ' Never mind that,' she answered. ' Go, both of you, and do your best to keep that crowd of demons occupied.' 'They are mighty good-natured with us,' said Tom. ' That idea of yours, Sybil, of giving them the liquor, has set us up wonderfully ; hark, they are cheering Phil now.' Sybil flung'up the window and leaned over the sill, as shout after shout arose like the yelling of fiends. ; Dickinson pulled her hastily back. ' ' Don't let them see you— no woman would be safe. I've told everybody that you have gone down to Feather stone's.' ' No, keep yourself close, Sybil,' said Phil. ' Do not fear for me ; go down stairs, both of you. I want to be alone.' ' What time do you think — ' It was Dickinson who began to speak : she checked the broken utter ance with a look. 1 ' At the time I appointed ; half-past one.' She looked from one to the other, but neither of those hardened men had the nerve to meet her eyes. They slunk out of the room in si lence, without a word being spoken ; and once more Sybil was alone. The riot and confusion increased. Men rushqd about like _ demons, sing ing, shouting and clashing their clubs together. The verandah and grass in front of were covered with poor wretches, who had fallen there in their intoxication, and who were recklessly trampled upon by their companions. Yells and shrieks went up, shot after shot was fired, knives gleamed in the starlight, more than one fierce contest occurred ; but through it all that woman sat at her window and waited, appalled ncithei by the horror of the scene nor the fear ful thoughts which surged through hei soul. ' CHAPTER VIII. THE OAMOT.EH's FATE. It was long past midnight and some thing of quiet had stolen over the val ley — yet that- very stillness, takenun connection with the scene — was more impressive than the riot and tumult had been. In some of Yates's rooms groups of men were still busy over the cards, but even these had relapsed into quiet — nothing-was heard but the rattle of the dice or an occasional oath from the lips of some ruined gambler. Out of doors the scene was still dif ferent. The whole length of the valley could be commanded in one view — the smouldering camp fires, men stretched upon the trampled grass. Ove.' all shone the moon, pouring down a cloud of silvery radiencc upon the repulsive scene and rendering it more horrible from the pure contrast. At one of the card tables Yates was still seated, while Dickinson hovered about, unable to remain quiet for a j moment and, in spite of his partial in toxication, haggard and pale at the I recollection of the deed yet to be per j tormed. A meaning glance from Yates sent him out of the room, j Very soon his confederate flung down j the cards and, relinquishing his place | to some other sleepless desperado, j made his way among the forms hud i died upon the floor and passed into the hall. No one was watching — the stillness , deepened each instant Up the stairs j passed the two men and entered the j room where Sybil awaited them. | Few woids passed among thein, but the woman was much less shaken than j cither of those bold men. They stood ! for a short time conversing in broken j whispers— then Yates turned quickly aside, moving to the end of the room, where a tall wardrobe was placed. A single. touch upon a secret spring and the heavy piece of furniture swung out noiselessly, affording admittance to the chamber beyond. Ralph Hinchley started from a trou bled dream to feel a strange oppression upon his chest — a sweet, sickening odor pervading the atmosphere — and to see through the open door Martin lying upon the bed with a man leaning over him and pressing a napkin against his face. He started up in bed, unable to re alise whether it was real or only an other wild vision. A blow from an ^unseen hand dashed him back upon the pillow — but, as he fell with a smo thered cry, he saw a white face bending over him and in the doorway a woman enveloped in a mantle, which concealed her features and most of her person, crying for help. He started up again with frantic vio lence, shrieking out his servant's name. ' Martin, Martin !' He heard a cry from the woman. ' Help, help !' Then his assailant sprang upon him. Hinchley was a brave man— the belief that his life was at stake gave him the strength of a tiger. He shrieked for help in a voice that rung through the house and roused even tlie intoxicated sleepe:s below. There was a sound in the hall of eager voices and rapid feet. ?' Ralph's assailant tried to dash him to the floor and escape, but those long, slender arms Seemed made of iron and held him pinioned. At that moment the servant woke from the stupor, which had only taken a partial effect on his senses, and sprung up with a loud cry. ' Help, Martin, help I' shrieked his master, feeling his , strength beginning to fail. Half stupefied as he was, the man comprehended Hinphley's danger, rushed upon their foe and hurled him back upon the floor just as he succeeded in escaping from the other's hold. This instant the door was burst open and a crowd of infuriated men rushed into the room, roused by those shrieks for aid. , A lew quick words explained the position. The troop pushed Ralph and his servant ba9k, seized the man and dragged him towards the window. The moonlight fell broadly upon his terror-stricken face. ~ . . ' It's Phil Yates I' exclaimed a score of voices. The wretch had ceased to struggle — he felt that his doom was sealed and lay panting and passive in his captors' clutches. 'This accounts fir his good nature,' resounded on all 'sides. ' This ex plains the general treat. He meant to stupefy us and the.n shirk the murder on some one.' .' 'Where is Tom Dickinson ?' called out one of their number. A rush was made through the rooms, but the confederate had escaped. . ' At least we will serve this fellow out,' said a hoarse voice. 'Ay, ay,' they shouted; 'down stairs with him . There's a blasted pine at the back of the house — just the very thing !' . They gathered round the shudder ing man like wild beasts scenting their prey.; Hinchley attempted to speak a word which might gain the miserable man a reprieve. They pushed him rudely aside, dragged their victim down stairs and out on the verandah, the throng parting right and left, allowing those who held him free passage. In an instant the whole valley seemed aroused and hundreds of fierce faces glared on the hapless creature as he hung powerless over the, shoulders of his captors. There was a hurripd consultation amongst those nearest the criminal — terrible words broke from their lips, which were whispered in husky echoes by the whole crowd. ?. ' Hang him 1 hang'him !' Again the crowd parted and foui stalwart men dragged the insensible creature round a corner of the house .and moved towards a shivered pine tree that stretched out its blasted limbs between the dwelling -and the precipice. ' We want a rope,' said some one in i the crowd. A man rushed out of the house car rying a long crimson silk scarf, which he fluttered over the heads of the crowd. 'This will do. famously,' he called out. ' It belongs to his wife — she was huddling it over her face.' ' Where is the woman ?' they yelled. ' Let us exterminate every snake in the nest !' ' She isn't on hand. Twisted her self out of my hold like a cat, dashed off to the precipice, and the last I saw of her she was dragging herself up by the bushes.' ' Dickinson is gone, too.' 'No matter — we have this one safe. Gracious, how limpsev he is !' ' Make short work of it, then, before he shows fight.'' 'Never fear!' said one of his cap tors. 'Say a prayer, you villain ; it is your last chance.' The hapless wretch only moaned— fear had driven him beyond the power of speech. It was a terrible scene. They seized the scarf and twisted it fiercely about his neck— scores of ruth less hands forced him towards theskelc ton tree— the shouts and execrations grew more fiendish ; and over all the sinking nioon shed her last pale lustre, lighting up that work of horror. The man had spoken truly— Sybil Yates had fled to the hills. With the first cries of Hinchley she had attempted to escape from the pi incipal entrance. She wrenched her self from the grasp of the man who held her, plunged down, the back stair case and, darting by the blasted pine, made for the precipice. , She ran towards the broken line which betrayed the fissure and, crush ing through the sweet myrtle bushes, fastened her foot in a ccil of vines and crept upward with that scared face turned over her shoulder, unable to tear her eyes from the crowd of men ; that came sweeping round the house and surged up to that gaunt pine tree. Sybil crowded herself back into the fissure and dragged the vines over her face. There was the man who had been her fate, the cruel tyrant whose breath had made her tremble an hour ago, lying across the shoulders of his late friends, already half lifeless, yet shriek ing faintly from dread of the death to which they were taking him. The woman _ was seized with dizzy terror. The lights waved before her eyes in a flow of fire. The spectres of a thousand gaunt old trees danced through it and among them swung a human form to and fro, as it would sway through her memory forever. She was pressed against the rock, her foot tangled in the coiling vines, her hands clinched hard itinong the tender shrubs— but (or that she must have fallen headlong to the broken rocks below. All at once the tumult ceased— a frightful stillness came over .that dark crowd. She clung to the vines and looked down dizzily— a feeling of hor rible relief came over her. She turned her face to the rock and held her breath listening, as if his voice could still reach her. ,Jt was near morning before the.crowd around that tree dispersed. Then she cre,it down the rocky fis sure and stood trembling on the tram pled grass. One glance upon the pine and she turned away, sick at heart A fragment of her own red scarf fluttered there— and— and Shutting her eyes close, Sybil stag gered on towards the house— she had been there once before within the last forty-eight hours, and everything neces sary for' her flight had been carefully prepared. , Connected with the cellars was a small natural cave, whicli had been used as a place to keep liquor casks. Sybil and her husband alone knew of the real use to which this place was put. Only a few moments after Sybil stood in that cave, so metamorphosed that she might have passed unques tioned, even by her best friend. She was attired in tfie dress of a Spanish sailor, her delicate skin dyed of a rich, dark brown, her golden hair concealed under a slouch hat, beneath which were visible short, thick curls of raven hair. There was still other work to be done. Carefully' shading her lamp from the draught of air, the woman moved to ward a corner of the vault, pulled away several heavy casks, which , it would have seemed beyond her power to lift, raised one of the flat stones with which a portion of the vault had been paved, and disclosed the lid of an iron chest. She unlocked it, flung up the top lid and the lamp-light struck upon a quan tity of gold-dust and money which had been concealed there for some time. Yates had collected that store with out the knowledge of his confederates. Even Sybil had discovered the secret by accident. ' Oh !' she cried, ' there is a fortune here and I cannot carry it No matter, it is safe. Only let me escape this spot. Some other time. It cannot be found. Some other time.' She took out as many pieces of gold as she could manage to bestow about her person without encumbering her flight— but even in her distress and danger hei judgment and reason were capable of action. It was better to leave the money in safety and return for it at some future time, than to over load herself so much that her flight would be impeded. Thus she reasoned only a few hours after that terrible death scene. She closed the chest, locked it, and replaced the stone ; piled up the casks into then former position and crept away. She managed to raise herself along the broken wall and forced her way through the narrow aperture into the open air. Her face and hands were bleeding from the wounds she had re ceived against the sharp stones, but she felt no pain. , She was completely hidden from the view of all those about the house by a dense thicket of cactus and flowering shrubs, which formed a thick wall for a considerable distance. Her pony was tied to a tree where shehadsta-, tioned him early in the evening. For the first time a look of exultation shot into her face — she felt that she was safe now I Before mounting her horse, she crept along the edge of the thicket to a spot from whence she could command a view of the house. The crowd was still rushing wildly about. The moon had set, but the cold dawn cast : a gray light over the landscape. Sybil turned her eyes towards the i dwelling. She saw the pine tree — that one projecting branch from which a fragment of the silk scarf fluttered yet. After that one momentary glance she started up, mounted her pony and rode rapidly through the forest. So the day broke still and calm. The excited crowd moved restlessly about and at length group after group started away from the house, anxious to escape the sickening sight which met their eyes. . The sun mounted higher in the hea vens, shot dazzlingly against the sides of the mountains, colored the noisy torrent and played softly about the old house. Net a living thing was in sight The sun played over the grass and there, in the silence and amid the sha dows, hung that still form, swayed to and fro by the light breeze that struck the branches. An hour passed, but there was no change. Afar through the forest rode the fearless woman, seeking a place of shelter. The last fetter which had bound her to that horrible life was severed. Across the dark sea she could seek a new home and make for herself another existence, uncontrolled by a | single ccho from the past. ? ? ''' CHAPTER IX. A CANTER AND A. FALI., It was a lofty and well-lighted apart- j ment, fitted up with book-cases ; yet, from its general arrangement, occupied as much for a sitting-room as for a library, The easy-chairs were pushed into commodious corners; the reading-table in the centre was. covered with news papers and pamphlets, but they had been partially moved aside to afford a place for a tiny work-basket —all giving token of female presence and occupa tions, which alone can lend to an apartment like this a pleasant, home-like appearance. It was near sunset— two of the win dows of the library looked 'oward the west and a rich glow stole through the pained curtains from the mass of gorge ous clouds piling themselves rapidly up against the horizon. But at the further end of the room 'he shadows lay heavy and dark and two statues gleamed out of the gloom, like gho.sts frightenedawayfrom thesun light.— s-T'O BE'Co^TINyED. S C 4 