DANGEROUS JOKING. /JjV AKTIN was tho eldest son and hope ol Ilia/ Mr. I-ord, tho Squiro. of Morton. His amiable disposition and superior intel-/ lect procured for him universal love and esteem. ' Martin was a great favourite with tho girls, old aud young ; but ho never showed . any marked partiality to anyone until he bccamo intimate with Isabella Ashton, the ] daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was young and tho most thought- 1 Ic3f? girl in the villngo. She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep! feelings and elevated intellect as Martin'; and, beautiful as she was, it seemed strange ! that he should have given his love to her. ' Martin and Isabella had been pointed out aa' lovers by village gossips for several mon ths ; he was now nineteen, and she was of the sameage, when the incident about to bo related occurred. CUte evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young pooplc at the house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and 'maidens; and tho company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social games. Tho hour at which such parties usually broko up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject , of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. 'It is a silly report,' said ? Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen thor'e ; and I doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts. ' 'You do yoursolf, you know you do, Martin, although you art) ashamed to own it,' cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed: 'Come, now,' continued tho thoughtless girl, ' I can prove that you have somo idea that such things may exist. Go to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, j if you can, that you felt no fear.' I V And what would that prove 1' 1 ' Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your belief to the test. How could you be! afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be.afraid of?' 'I do not think your'iogic is the best in 1 the world,' replied Martin, laughing^ ' But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to tho churchyard, even at midnight, would, frighten mo in the least.' 'Ha, ha! but you shall not escaposo,' laughed Isabella. ' ' Here, before these, our 1 I friends, I promise that this ring shall be I yours,' sho continued, displaying one given I her by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with, 'provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid.' 'Agreed,' said Martin, buttoning his coat. ' And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can briii(jj back with you the iron bar which you will lind close by the gate,' said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts ,t-o the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He inarched steadily to the church yard, stopped'a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ground, for tho stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky — thon takiug tip the bar of iron of which Isabella had spouen, set out to return. ' He had 'proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw, a whito figure emerge from a clump of willowa and como towards . him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courago give place to desperation ; his hair scantling erect and his blood running chill speci li0Jrov- he stood his ground. The and larger as it approachcd. - Wc cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of tho unhappy youth at that moment. ! He raised the bar, and rushed upon tho spectre. Tho guests at the clergyman's houso heard terriblo screams. Breading 6ome tragic termination to tho farco they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively at its throat* while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help, One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of thp figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed tho blood-staiued features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. Ho never.spoko again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 