ISHMAEL PENGELLY AN OUTCAST. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] Pulished by specied arrangement with Messrs.Word, Lock and Bowden, Limited. CHAPTER VI. ISHMANL RENDERS HIS FRIST ACCOUNT. BY JOEPH MOCKING. Author of "The story of Andrew Fairfax," "Jabes Easterbrook," Zillab,"&c;, " Then, welcome eaohTebnff " = ■■- That turns earth's smoothness rough, Each sting that bids nor lit, nor stand, but go! ■ ■;: '. ■ .'."..' Be our joys three parts pain I Strive, and hold cheap tho etnin; / Learn nor account the pang j date neves grudge the throe I" *"' "•'" "" —KalM Ben Ezra, Eobiet Beowkiko. - ■•„■ "I ".- .'- -1; •',.'■ >" l" The' following day Ishmael started, for jUtarnun Moors. There-are but" few drearier walks than this.. It u trne the conntrj~.ii rnndulSHng.TbOt barrenness abounds on every hand. The trees-an mostly small sad stunted, while for miles there u nothing: to b« seen bat bleak barren moorland. Across this Ishma?l walked withont heeding the scene* by which he was surrounded; he was too buny thinking of what his mother might say to him. For eight months he hud ncith r seen nor heard from her. She had told him that she should not write, for fear of any mishap, so he - was not- anxious on that score. But he wondered what she wonld say to him, wondered how she would regard the plans he had made. Moreover, he bad been particular about his personal appearance. Two months before his master had paid him half a year's wages. It was only four pounds ten shillings, but half cf this amonnt he bad invested in a new suit of clothes. It is trno the cloth was coarre in texturo, and made by a country tailor; nevertheless it improved his appearance wonderfully. Added to ihis, ihe Jnd 4 !o»£ his BlouehinK<u»ir,'an-rwi\lke«l as.tlioiif;h his limbs belonged to him. He was still an awkward indloosolj,built-youth, bat he was fir.uiorn .pn>p3eae«une- than wbon he had left hit-mother on the :oliSt the previous November. It .was totting dusk when ho Might sight of-the .house on the moors, and. fancying he n<r his mother, he quickened his step, and harried along th" pathway. Te§, that was she, sitting- by one of the patient cows, milking. He looked around. All was as drear and as quiet f s anything could well be The old plac* looked terribly Email and poverty-stricken. The little fields which had been cultivated were very poor and unproductive The home was not as good as the barn which had just been built at Carlcggis. The cow houses were built of mud. His mother, too, locked the picture of desolation. Then he remembered the great trees which straw around Penwithen, the rich, loamy field', and the comfort cf the great houso His mother hail been robbed, arid he had done nothing—nothing. Tfia mother looked np ar he came near, and a tear started to her eye. Yes, she loved Ishmael, her first-born—her only living child. Sho had not ceased to think about him during the long months, an? shn wondered when he would come. \- Her motherly lore overcame all her usun \ coldness. She dropped her bucket, rushed towards him, and threw her arms around hit neck. "Ishmael,- my own- poor boy !° sho sobbed. Bnt only for a minute did she give w»y to her emotion, and soon she be came taciturn and hard again. "Come into the house," khe g>id "You've walked fifteen miles across thn moors. Yon'll want Bomethin' to ait. Come." . He followed her into the house, and aha bnsied herself to get him food, he watch ing her closely, Bhe often casting se&ich; ing glances toward* him. " Doan't'ee have nobody to stay with'ee, mother ?" he laid. " Sally Larking do allays slaip here." He gave a vgh of relief. Just before the ham. and, eggs which were being prepared were ready to be laid on the table, she came to his side again. " Stand up, Ishmael, and show me yer clothes." ' He stood np. " Nearly seventeflm," she muttered; "by the time he's twenty-one he'll be better'n the best ov 'em." ; Then she placed his food before him. , While he was eating she did not "peak, but when he had finished h<s meal she tat down by his side, and laid her hand on his. " Well f" she said qnestioningly. He looked guiltily on the table. *' What have you done F" "Nothin'." "Nothin.' in eight months, Ishmael, aothin'f" "'..': ''."?■ : "Nothin 1 that can be called anything, illther, ted'n sa aisy m yon think." "Eight months, and. nothin'—and.you livin' in the house !" _ • " No, mother, no—he . wudden .'ave.'me there." . .' . ] . "Where do you live then f" ' "AtCarloggas" • . . " And you've never been in to Penwithen House?" : " Iss. That night after you left me. t T went to »sk for service.. You tould me, ya Jcnaw" "W e n?" Tsfemael described his experience* " And you saw bin—where ded ■ you ssyr " In the library." "Ah! toll me what twaa like." Ishmael described it.' " Pine carpet, fine pr»te, fine furniture, fine bookcase and boota," she•repeated between her teeth. "Yes. TVeU, he sent you to Carloggu t" Ishmael nodded. -'John Bassett is farmer there.* 1" • . She nodded her head slowly.Hhen (he Baid: ' " " Have yon tried to fit the- will ?" "No—that is——" " Not tried »_JTDt triodt-Have Inured 'ee for this? Beyonapoorshiverin soul, as 11 leave'the man who robbed; y«r mawther'a»e erwy, comfort, whiln sb« do slave here>"'_and ehe lifted np her toil stained hands. ' . "Wait a bit, mother." he said quickly. '•What cud I dof I knawd rnthin' nor nobody. I ded'n dare to tell anybody who I was. I've 'add to ferret out thing" litM« by little. B'poasin' I ttckled 'ee right off. what wud V bin the covl? I knawd nothin'. He cud bait tn« every way. why, .veu who had it—ha bait yon. Ho Ho knaw rich a lot. He 1! the clevr-rert man fcrmilj* round. Nobody c*n git over 'un. He ao bait everybody he do come aeros*. I ••»« that in a short while. Rut I've bin m»kia plans, rve bin thinkin 1. And til be bo nse my matchin' myself agenst he if 1 bean'tfo e'ever and so nnnnin as he »s ' must knaw to much an he. I must. WJjVf he's tut slipper 1 »a an eel; h«'H git out ov a fcrapa as eauy as I e%n pull my f&ot; out of my shoe. But I've been watchin. For afe,w minutes she was silent, «Ti-j dently thinking deeply. Then she saiai slowly • "You'm right, Ishmtel. I'm too im patient. Tea bard bein 1 here without ray boy. Bnttell me what you've done." Jshmael told hio mother what I have written in these p»gee, with the nception •of the .meeting with Reuben Penwithen « -ehildreil. This ho did not feel irawn to Wl \ « And now you wmat to leave p»riogga« t •• I shall have m<J» «me to em «I go to Tintagel, mother," *• ••* J —* J *■" be able to. watch just,as well—ptrhapj better. 1' - ... "^Perhaps yon .will, perhaps yon will,". <hej mused; " but mmd: you mustn't bind) yersflf. There would ha papers to sign, papers.telling aboul your, parentage., and whua.jcra'To lived,' and. all that That mnitn'tbe." " ' ' •No, mother; I see." " And look here," she went on, " yon mustn't forget what you've got to do, mind that. Bemember you're a servant boy ■ when yon onght to ha' bin maaster." I He nodded. . "How doet ho look?" she broke out, after a silence. " Does he look stont and heaithy P In he happy P" "He do look well enough," saidlshmael, " and do ride on the best hoss for miles around, bat I believe he's unaisy." ! ' " I went to the honse just after Christ mas, and. crawled up under the library winda, behind a bit; fuchsia tree. I looked through the winda." "Ah.yes! Did jou see lim f" "I did." " What was he doteg'f " I watched a goodish bit; he was allays on the move—allays He seemed to be fetred. He wont to a little cuddy in one corner sv the room, and pulled aside a ourtia'. There was, a grtit. big irom box th*r*." ■■."'■ -■ 'r'" "Yes; ukattiienf" . • But afore he went th«u he looked the doer ov tli« room,: •, A»d lie, w»s taking keys, out ov his pockot tounloolc the iron'box whin I made a bit ov noiae 'ginst the winda. Then he turned round like lightniu', as thoueh he were feared. I reckon my fs.cn must ha' made a shadow on the winda, for hn made for the door, when a trap>)inodup,.andjl heard,soiie Israghin'." " And then P" "Ihookedit" _For»long., timejthcy. Bittalking,, until tßhmael had told his mother almost every thing;—told her all his.plans his hopes. hi»:.fe»r?. Then Sally lAtkins, the old woman" who sTept in the house with Judith Pengelly, came, and Ishmael wont to b*d. The following afternoon Judith asked Tshmael to go to the little Methodist chapel which lay in the distance with her, but he refused. •■ No," ht said; " he'd havo nothin' to do wi' .religion." • Judith looked at him strangelr. Some how sh» felt that she ou?ht to tCTch her hoy abunt religious things, and jet she feared. A supewtitnus feeling possessed her, and she was afmid lest she should be calling the anger of Heaven upon her if she neglecfr>d lirr boy's sonl. ■'Tsamael," the said atlergth, "I hear tbers people living still who c»U'th«m- Belves Samaritan*. Chrift thoughta> good deal of Vm They believe only in the five, bonks which Moßrs wrote: Genesis, Exodus,: Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy. 1' wuit you to read them." •'But I have, mother." . ■>. >i "Bead'em again, Ishmatl Bead'em a gondish bit. Yon cin't be a heathen if you read 'em again and again." Then she went to chapel without Mm.i and as she went she pondored,. "It's ani eye for an rye, and a toot'i for a tooth j there." shnsaid. "He mustn't read tbei rest till we've done our work." j It was a strange religion, surely! Butt then Judi'h Pennwe wai a stimuce woman.) Her heart had bren embittered—her lifet blackened. Moreover, tka surroundings: of hT life were not calculated to lead hep to think on tbo higher truths of rolucion i while the 'cnohing.at the littlo cliapkl she] attended on Sunday afternoons was very; credo and elementary. > Ob the Mondty, Ishmael. starlet foij Tintagel, and, arrived there, male his way, for Trethewy"! shop. # : " I'll cm' and learn the trade," hn olid j " mothnr'fl willin'." "All risht. and,what .'bout en deschnn t' (indcnture«). '•Til h*ve no»n of 'em," replied Ish miel. '' I'll w<Tk for 'ee, and 111 promise to stay till I'm twenty-one ef nothin,' happens, but I'll sign no papers." ' ! Tommy Trathewy haggled n good biti but finally they came to torms, and Ishj macl, much to his delight, nrronged U> come to him a fortnight Inter. i There is bat one more ■ incident that I need to relate consenting this part of IshnveVs life. i This linppanod on the last night of his s»joum at Carlog<as farm Ha had p»ck.v" up the fen things lie pssweied, special care having been paid to the books, when remembering the. parting words of hi* mother, bexrept Krn'ly out of the house, «:d made, his way towards Penwithrn. Hrfd he not a pnrpooe in goiisg to P^n withen he would havo been glad to be away from Carloggos, for John Ba««tt ™ br no moanß pie wed at his leaving, and offered him more wages to stay. Thfc chatcx of having .* % oiie;who could do the wo-k of i'mtnen payment of kTwy'awagre did not often oomr, and te resented Ish mael's persistency in leaving to such a d«gree that he often made the poor lad un eomfortable. Moreover, he was not beloved by the servants in the kitchen, and he was glad to get away alone. It was long past sunset when he drew near to Peawithec, bat it wm smnniqr time,- and so the night was by no means •tark...' i-.;. ::, ... .. , " I ain't a'bin for a good while now, so Bobody cin say Tve bin loppin' about the place," ho muttered; "bnt I do want to have a look at that room again. People do say that he do spend oal his ev'nin's there alone, and that ho wasn't have asvb^dy there with 'im. There's somethin' on his mind—l know." And Ishmael hurrUd along the pathway until he came to the grett overshadowing trees that grew around the housn. Long he looked, bnt he could see no one. Evi dently old Loih had got the servanta for prayer, according to h«r usual custom; but what of the master ? Ha looied to wards the library window, but no light waa to be seen. Evidently h? could not be there. Perhap3 he had gonp out. Ah! he should like to get in that room for a littlo time. If he could only get the key of that iron box! His mother had told h'm that he had that will somewhere; would it not be kept there f Anyhow, lie could go up to the window and look. And so he crept along the garden pith stealthily, looking right and left, with every s-bm on the alert But there teemed bo danger. All was silent The winds had gone t« rait, too, and the fathered tres-tojis ccarcely moved in the stillness of the summer night. Presontly he reached the window, aad, fitting nasselemly be hind the fuchsia bwb, looked and Ust.'neO. H« could MCMtBiBf. No light was in th. room, and M the (sight shadow* had ftllem nothing was at Mk assMnible to him. Although ke eo«Id ■•• aottiiag, how anT he bssstd Toioesv, AtintHwas only aa skdiitiaet Mnw. bmt psaswtly he wm able to iHstJnfrisfc Trorf*. He re oogniMd old Leah'* voic*. Bk* wm eon daetinf pcayec for. th« matmlm. Ad he Katanfld her words becasM loute, sssd she •poke m if in intense agony. Leah had been in the habit oiMadini; certain prophetic maguism<. wbssh pto nhesiedthat the world waaoominf to an end shortly. The Book of the Prophet I DaaUl wmi largely qooted, aad eoapared ! witk tkaßoofc.ot BcvtJatitß. These two Ukeatafrtber .w*w mask *otmeh that the day was near, at haa* wbm the ele •Mite woiM—tt wit, mfctttsitfcsmt. and th*i ill Hnl «M si ttn ~n^ be bant faa. I>«* WI*JMNM mmm con tSV*s»MULimkhmwmm were coioarod by the thoughb pnnfcsd in the, hysterical paper. She pray^ for each »*rvant by name, beseeching tha Lord to save thea bom the. Day of Wrath, and by-nnd-by >■»•'{■ heart e»ve a bound, for he found that he became the subject o« her prayen. She. called him the black sheep of the »"«r. | ness, a child of dartawH. «-»•«£ heU. *i wwfj. tbat hi. mmXaigbt bt otn ▼•ftwi. ■". . ■ ...... ■ '. j As he looked and listened his eyei be eamo accustomed to the dim light in the room, and he saw that seme one was sitting in the grcaiarm-obair. | Reuben Penwithen hadrbeear rittiag alone in the twilight, reading, thinking, Calculating. He had heard Leah's prayT, bad smiled at her beliefs, until she had prayed for Ishmael. He had heard of the episode in the chapel, and knew that from that time Leah had given herself over to f wrestle "for his soul A curios* feeling casse over him as he listened to her wild pleadings. Somehow -be felt thai he was linked to thia s&d-eyed;, lonelv youth; he could not tell how. And so he listened in tently until tbe prayer was nearly at au icnd, when he turned bit face towaids the jwindow, and saw the outline of ishmael'B .face looking ghastly enough in the dim .light For a moment a superstitious fear entered into his'heart. Then a look of linger flashed from his eyes. He caught 'the collar of a largo dog which had been {lying at his feet, led him oat of the. room, jand opsntng-the-door of the house, aemt Iliim after the retreating form, which he {dimly saw in spite of the shadow of the Igreat trees. : CHAPTER VII. Til TOrCI'OT T» DUD. " But if yon lookMhto it; the balance it perfectly adjusted even here. God hut made His world much better than you and Uoould mike i^ Kverytbing t»aps its own harvest,'e~very act' has its "own reward. And before you covet the enjoyment which another possesses you mast flrstcalosdate tho cost at which it <v procured." —Fridieicc W. Robsbtso*. Reuben Ponwithen followed tho .dog as rapidly «« ha waa.abld, and ere long ear. th»t the intelligent animal had come close to the youth, and that they now stood facing each other. •• At him, Shep 1" said Reuben; but al though tho dog crouched and growled; he did not obey. " At him, old;man 1" he repeated j and still tho dog refused to attack the young feUow.jjho stood waiting for him. ""He "waih"t,""'Bald"lßhmael-r"fce't feared.'/ " What areyo« doing hore,i young, fel low f" asked Keubenangrily *,~" and-wha< do you mean by looking in at my window?' Nothin','* replied Isbmaol; still keeping hig tje3 on the dog- ' . ■■ . " But yon werej what do yoc mean bj it?" • Nothin'," repealed Ishmacl; " call oO your dog.' Somehow he did nob at all fret fright nod »t Kcufcea now he stood face to fasa with him., "I'll do n.thing of the sort," replied Reuben.' " I'll have you taken before Her magistrates, and then sent out of tbe neighbourhood. Ton are here for no good youne fellow. I was foolish to gee you a job; bat if yon don't leave, this part of the country at once it shall be worse for you— yon blaspheming young infidel 1" lehmaii realised the weakness of this threat. First, the magistrates were to send him out of the neighbourhood, an<i then, if bo didn't leave,the neighbour hood at ;Onee,-H> should be. the worso foi him. " I shall not Jeaye the neighbourhoid,' replied Miintel. " I>e done nothio' wrong." "Who ars..yon?'' saidißeuben. .Thin mysterious lad made him uncomfortable, audhe asked the question altrOit witbou* thinking. "Ton knaw my name—lihmael Via golly. I'vonofriends, but-i've my hvin to git, nnd-hava es much right to git it as yon hare." ■ ' The reply contained a note of sullen defiance, and Beuben did not like being defied; .For yjars he'd been ontt of the nio«t-important-men in the .neighboui hood; and to be bearded 'by this-.great hoiking . fellow angered.- him. • He. won dered ' whether a skout would reach the ears of the men:. eerr<ints; in the kifcehea. He was afraid not Bat he must pnni'h lshmiel ssmohow, and make him afraid if pOßiible. Ha wandered if he dared to tackle him. After all he waa only a lad—although he was io big. Meanwhile the dog. had been crouching, watching Ishinael's every movement, »"^ as Eooti as bin attention was slightly diverted from him prepared to leap " That's it. Shrp 1 At him j" urge J Ren ben, "at him!" he rape itcd in an angry voice; and the dog with .a .savage, growl obeyed his master's voice The animal was by no means a lady's pet. Hilf a sh'pherd'n dog, and half a mastiff, he wai< a formidable opponent/ especially when a'oupod. and urged on by his m\;t«r. " Ah ! tkaffl got you, joti Mictgnard !" cried Reuben, as he saw the dog leap upnn Ishmael, with hit mouth towards the youth's throat; " we'll soon see about it now." Bat his triumph. m short-lived. Ish mwl, tall and large boned, poise'sed great itrenrth, and although lacking th<i powers of endurance which he would posseat in liter years, he was for a brief time far more than a mutch for an ordinary man. Un mindful of the aharpnes* of the dog's te*th, he ciught him by the throat with Us right hand, and by the b«ck part of his body with hit left; th«n liftiag him high in the air he dashed him to the rronnd with a terrible fore;. The dog gave » great yelp of p-.in as he fell, thm piekin; himself up as sa-m as he was able, crept away with a pt'iful whinl. " Yen thill suffer for this, you shall I" cried Tshmacl to Beubeo, clenching hit bleeding hand. He wa* going lo «a? some thing more, but checked himself i then turning on hia hf el, he made hit waybaci toward! Carloggas. " Sly tnrn'll come sometime," he mut tered ; " it'll come. I do»n't •»• how, yet, but it'll surely come. I'm glad I didn't s^y nsthin'. tlnnifh." All through the night he lay awaki ■j'anning, vowing vrageanoe, and then planning again, un'il the morning imn shnne in upon his sctpty bed. Nick LHdi coat lay snoring at his side, bat b* did not heed Although every ose in t';e honar was atleep, he got np, and mode his way towards th« s«*, and, arrived there, he di"«-3t<>d himself of his clothes andplunged into fix fathnms of water. He had learnt the nccompHthaimt of swimming that summer, partly because he tnjoyed it, and more because he thought it might bs nsefnl to him some day. And some how the whol°somenes« of the great sea made his mind mote h.'althy, for as he walked back to Carloggas after his batn, he brooded leu, and watcnei the pe»rly 4»w drops as they hnng on corn and grM', wondering nt Ihrir brlghtnssl v th«y ghsUned in the sub. A« for Reubsr, he crept back to th« bonse with a heavy weight on hi* heart. To him this wat more than an ordinary epl'oto. The previoui winter two navvies ba<f come to Pecwitben and stolen some chickens, bs> thin he bad thonght bat Httl* about. They ware oriinary ronghs; bat this youth—therr was a wild, evil look up»n hit faos that hr dli not like. The fellow ie*m"i to carry a lot of dark secrets around with him. He had the lamp lit and placed <mth« t»bl», and the bliarM earefolly drawn, so a« to hide everything from the ontsfsle, and then, not sathfied, he closed the shatter*. This ''one, be locked the door and sat dows in his armchair, anrl remained tor a lontttm* with hit chin resting on hii chest and his eyes closed " No, no," hi tatd at length. "II easVt b* anything to do with that It's ealv I who am afnid. I'ss always troaMrag abnt it, alwavitmabling myself withnntnaton. An* yet-thaifellow. makss at* think ot her. "Nmeteea-yetnv niaateea yearn—and never awtrd«aersra word to tell me it sh* lives. Ay and it's been nineteen yean of tess—tuiiea!. Arts* all, I was- happier at Oariogfis in the old days. I believe 1 leved .her, too, in a diferent way from AaeHa, bat -1 ln*ed her ia a ftwnae Unrl of way ; Aati the loved sje at oMttat. She woold have (ivta her Uf« for »i tid I de. esiwi hm t nbM hm. Ikt fsss> wm't worth the candle, after all. And ytt I don't know. 1 do lore the old plan, I love the money It bring*, and I'm proud of my peti tion." Than he sat a .long tisse aoMon-i less; go •till was he that one might have aoppoeed him dead. Bnt he •routed again preeently, and went on muttMing to himself. " I'm a fool to bother so. Everything ia safe, as safe as can be. Judith mart be daad long en this. I shall tint sac- he*, again, ami I hare the will." Ha started from the chair, art. looted towards the safe. " Why am I always wanting to see it, always wanting to read it ?" he mnttered. " I hate the sight of it, and yet it fascinates me. I often dream that I see old Michael writing it, and holding np his head between the words forbidding me to claim the land. It is a wonder how the thought sticks to me through the years, and haunts me like a nightmare. I wisb I'd never seen it; but there, I most go and hare one sure look at it." He walked across the room, and then stopped suddenly. . •• Tve forgotten all about that fellow," he mnttered. "I came in here roving vengeance on him, and I've scarcely given him a thought Ever/thing seems t" centre on this—this!" He on'coked the- safs, and them looked «nxiously around the room. "I believe I'd oonfess everything bat .'or them," he-went on. ■" I wouldn't mind *wjmy*s*. - Better to be poor if by being poor I could be rid of this feeling. 1 could go away, and n'ver be heard of as;iin. Bat I cannot leave them poor. Poor Bertie is netrly a cripple, while Grace—no, I'll hold fast—bat there, what a tV>ol I am !" \- Ha opened the door of the safe, and looted keenly at each compartment. Then he took a book from it, which was fr-stone < and locked. This he unlocked, and looked cvefally at its content!. Then he turneJ to the thick cover, and quickly found a pocket or compartment, evidently con trived for important do'um;ata. From this he extracted a piece of parchment " I couldn't keep it in the CMh-bix," he *%i& s " I-might. have . to. run .to -it.hur riedly, and leave it carelessly sometime; and yet I don't like .to keep, it here." He spread it out on the table. " The last will and testament of Michael Penrose" Then he unfolded it, and for the thousandth time read its entente. " I shall never feel safe until I see it burnt wi"h my own eye3," he kM ; '' and theni I should be constantly fearing it would b,i r^*U'r.ct«d in some way." " RnS I will burn it,'" he continued, after a while. •• It makes my life o h*l!; it* »xia>nc<) worn'' iiu that my children miy be paupeis There, I'll d > it" He lit a candle and took the will, hold ing it closets tha steady, flame/ then -he draw it back quickly. i "What's that?" ho. cried. "Sureljrl hear.l asoratchatthe window-pane or else it waa something at the safe!" - ; He atoppeda^d listened for » minuter or more, but ullwnssiW—as silenta* death. " *h, it's only my foolUh feare after all r-only my foolish, fears. 3.' He*h.!ld the pirchm'st .against the-flame again, and a<?»in b« draw it back. He heard a lond ticking, loader than the sound of a wßtch,. very near- t> him "Tick, tick. tick; tick, :ti':k/:- At first it seemed an the libtarr tabla, then on the mantelpiece, then on the safe. His hand tremb'ed so that:.he could ftcaroelv hold the will, while the perspiration stood thick'on his forehead. " Tick, tick,.tick, tick,.tick," he heard, 01 and on the sound went, then suddenly censed. He wiped his forehead ftidlooked fearfully around the room. The-lamp burnt clearly, the shutters were closed, nothing was to be seen. . "It's the death'watch!" he cried at lenn'h.; "Nay,l'mnotaofoo'ijh-.asto be frightened by that An insect signalling 'or its mate, that's all. It might scare a snpezstitioos old woman, bat Reuben Pen withen knows tbiut these things," -And jet the srand had wrought upon his excited nerves, for there was a strain of superstition in.his nature. Old Leah had told him stories long .yeara ago— stories of. omens, »nd .tokens, and death's head mothn; tales of ghosts and apparitions, and to-night he did not feel like laughin; it them StiU, he held old Michael's will to the •findln flamß once more, and once naore h*» stopped. The lines of some doggerel which .- »u had taught him as a boy cime bacV to his mind with great vividness. He had relieved in them in the old days, but ot late yeara he had discarded all such thing? as fooliihnesi. After all, Leah was an old woman, who ai a child had been nurtured on stories of ghosts and gob'ins, and hi had ceased to pay heed to what she said i StiU he could not help repeating the doggerel to himself: " Strike a dead man's face, By a dead man- you'll be haunted i Steal a dead man's ring.' - And by dead menyou'llbe daunted i , \- Cross • dud man's will, ....... Toucan scarce do worse; . Burn a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse." He threw the will on the floor as thouzb it were a serpent, and then, as if angry with himself, picked it up again. " Oh, lam a weak, poor fool!" he cried; " and after nineteen years, too. For 'tis nineteen years Bince I stole this will from Judith, and I've never had a happy diy since. Again and again I've tried to dootrny it, and I've alwavs failed. Bnt I win do it. It's the only link of the past It a the only possible way by which the truth can be known." With a trembling hand he lifted the parchment to the candle-flame again, bat he conld sot keep it then. The lines old T,sah had taught him were ringing in his pars, and every word seemed to make him feel old Michael's presence: " Cross a dead man's will, Too can scarce do worse; Bum a dead man's writing. And yno'll get that dead man's corse." He knew it meant nothing. Ha knew there were scorns of similar verses repeated uo and down the country, and that they were as meaningless as empty air. Never theless, he eoold not carry hit purpose into effect. He placed the will back in the receptacle which had been cunningly con trived ia the thick cover of the book; this he placed back in the safe, which he care fully locked. " At amr rat*, it will be all right there until 1 ean taiak of a better hiding- place," he muttered; then, with a heavy sigh, he went to hia bedroom, stopping two or three «imes on his w»y, amd looking romad with fearftd gbmen. The m»it taorning he wae up in good time, and shortly after breakfast he ordered his horse to be saddled, which he im mediately'mounted and, rode tewsuis Carloirgai. " Well, John," he said, as he saw hie brother-in-law come out of his new ban, "Carloggas looks different from what it did in the old days." "It had need, too, Reuben," replied Bumtt. " Tour corn looks well. Ton make it de, don't yo«f" " Since yon let me have those four good daiiy fields, I oan make it do, and pay my rent. Too know that." ■' But 1 let you have it cheap, aad this new barm aeana a year's rent knocked off*' "Oh, I don't complain. Too are very kind to me." "I remember Amelia,"he sali.withla sigh. "There is a talk of Tonrmarryin'again." said Baaaett, uneasily. "MissTredinnick, of EndeUion." "Thea the talk is lies," said Benbea. " I shall never susrry again." He looked gloomy a? he made this reply. Then, at if saxioos to change the subject, he said: '• " Tou'll be wanting more hands mow the harvsrt ieooming on, won't yosxf" "That I *3," wjOled A* fam.) "especially since that (froat black-eyed chap you Mnt over hew lait November ii gone." "Is he stoatt" atked Beuben eagerly. 11 WhereP" ■'' . ! ' " Gone to Tintagel." " Why did you tend him away P Didn't he behave himself P What: did he do wrong, eh P " " I didn't aend 'on away; hi went of his own free will. I'd no fault to find wi' on. He lerved me well—did a maa'i work for a boy'a wage. I offered 'un more ti itay, but he wouldn't." Ueuben was disappointed. He hoped that he h»d done somsthiag wrong, and bad been discharged. 'Twould have been ai easy matter than to have got him out of the neighbourhood. " Where is he gone P " he said at length ; " that is, to whose place P " "To Tommy Trethowy's. He's going to learn carpenteriu' and buildin'." , Reuben Btayed at Carloggas a very little while longer after this, but galloped his horse np the lane whioh led to the sea. In a few minutes he reached the summit of the hill, and was soon in sight of the great Atlantic. He dismounted and sat down on the gnm. while a discontented look rested on his face. ' "I can do nothing through John," he said to himself, "nothing at all. Can anything be done with Tommy Trathtwy t H< dependj on me for a good leal of work, and would not like to offend me. Bat wha*. c»u [ i-.t If Igo to him, and whv shoald I say aajthisg 1" Ha looked out on the wide sea, and its immensity gave him a sense of freedom and •trength ; h« turnert and looked on the broad urn around him, ravst of which were sup posed to be his, and these gave him a same of Bicnritr and comfort. " Alter all," he said, " I know nothing against tha fellow. A strange, hulking youth, no doubt, bat that Is all. It's my own con science that has made me feel so bitter to wards him; he always reminds me of—bat nsver mind. Why should Igo and seek to ruin big proipccu when the gtin is sodosbt fnl I Of course, if I thought that any good would come of driving him from thecountry I would do it, no matter what the conse quences were, but I don't sen the good of it" I For a long, time hs calculated and con sidered the probable isssas, and finally con clulel to let him stay. If Ishmaal were his enemy, as he had a vagne idea that he was, it might not be the Ms.-et thing to drive him bat-of sight- Indeiid. it mißhi b"i better if he kept bim wiihin,sight. If he were only a yurly,' dark-minded youtk-well,- then, he— jlieuben Pfnwithen— had nothing to bother fciboat. .Still, he woaM watch, and that closely, so closely that~nothing,-however Isn-.n'l, should escape his notice. I So far his mind was nettled ; but he was not quite free from the influences of the n'ght before. That will still troubled him, as It had done ever since old Margery hid 'died ' Presently he gave a start an' looked »p. lit was only Mick Lidaicoat, onai of hit brothsr-in-law's servants; and before Nick ctmn ap Reuben had conceived a plan. " Nick," he said, " take my hone back to Carloggas stables. I'll caU for him in (.brat ■ an hoar." "lis, inr," replied Nick, who led the ani mal away until he had got out of-Reuben's sight, then he jumped onihis bick,'' jit to zee ef he endjen ride a gentleman's hoss." As for Riubtn.he hurried down tbe cliff*, and presently came to the sandy beach,* Hti harried along a little way until:he came to the cave into which he had gone nineteen years before. He' had the will with him then, and ho was wondering s,wbat he nhonld do with it.«,T63ay is wsi'still -uniieddod. He entered "the cave.- Its month-stood behindvgreat rocks, and was thas"hidden from view. He hadjdiscovercd lUwhea a boy.. He belieTed'thcn, as he believed now. that no one knew of it bat himself. The floor was covered with hard dry sand, Tbe sea never «ntend except at. High tides, while tin wtteraewt reached the: extreme -nd of it. He.lit a match and looked aronnd. He examined the roof and sides, feeling along carefully with:his bands.-. Presently bis hand welt into a hole in the side of the cave. How the hile had been made he did not know, bnt he knew that sich hole* in caves were common. Yes, he could just touch the end. ' How quiet it was in there I Outside the waves surge ♦ and moaned, but them mil was different. The nearest house was half a milo aw&y;, and the cave wai unknown. He sat down on a slone and remained there thinkin? f>r an hour or mora. His mind seemed made np, an-i he came ontside and looked around. No one was near, no one s»w. Then he went back to Carloggas with a look of confidence on his face. That day Ishmael started to work at Tommy. Trethewy's, and he, in spite of his interest in his work, made many plans about the future, not knowing, what, Reabeu Penwlthen had. determined upon. (To os eonHnutd.) 