GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL ROOM. Miss A. C. Geaham," of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Cor- resdondent for the. best collection of school- bov . " mistakes" ; and thev are printed .in the current' number of that periodical.- In an accompanying letter Miss Graham says: — "When I learned one day the remarkable fact that ' Eaied and Odessae translated Euripides,' I-'felt that the'time had come for action; I was filled, with a burning desire to share .with others my joy in these facts ; and as a means of spread ing the ..'New Learning,' I began tocollect, from examination papers and answers in class whatever would throw je. light on old subjects. : I have been fae years at it now, and have pleasure ij1 sending you the subjoined . twelve extracts from my. ' gems.' They are all bond-fide answers, the spelling and punctuation '- being unchanged; inmost cases I have still; the original documents from whichthey- are taken." v,i Among "selected specimens" from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the following : — >- Divinity. — Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a pub lisher for a bottle of potasb. — Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the synagogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak ; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans. — Titus was a Roman Emperor — supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews — his other name was Gates. - E s glish History. — Oliver Cromwell was a man who was pub into prison for liis interference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote ' 'The Pilgrim's Progress " ; ancl married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea. — Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Crom well, "Ah! if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have b.een deserted in my old age. " Wesley was the founder of the Weslejan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Welling ton ; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but ib has been taken down lately. — Who was Henry III. ? A zealous supporter of the Church, and died a Dissen- try.— What is Divine Eight 1 The liberty to do what you like in Church.— What is a Papal Bull' A sort of cow, only larger and does not give milk. — Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIII. He said he was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respectable people. \- Dici'initions. — Phoenicians. — The invent ors of Phoenician blinds. - Bacchanal, — A native ,of jBechuana,: in South Africa. Chimaera.— A thing .used to take like nesses with. Watershed.— A place In which boats, are stored in winter. Gender. — Is the way whereby 'we' tell what sex a man is. Cynical. — A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immacu late. — State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London Univer sity. Hydrostatics. — Is wiicn a mad dog bite3 you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. — "' English: Language and Literature. — Keats wrote a savage criticism oh Endy- mion, which brought on consumption. — The sonnet is a thing that has its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzette). — Latin of tbe 4th period was introduced iuto the language at the invention of Christianity 597 a.d.,when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin-French and tho Danes settled the throne for nearly thirty years.— Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. "Bub was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He pro- fains madness, he really only put it on bub some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if ho would have something to drink & he had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took ib & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks the poisin and (jies. — What do you understand by the Aagustan age in English Literature ? We mean the time of Ciedmon, who flourished and wrote Comus "about the time that St. Augus tine converted the people of Kent. -- r''„ Miscellaneous. — Briefly describe the heart, and its function or work. — The heart is a conical shaped bag. - The heart is divided into several parts by a fleshy peti tion. \ These parts are called right artillery, left .artillery,' and so forth. \ The function of the heart is between the -lungs. The work of the heart is to repair /the different organs in about half a minuted — What is a volcano?- - A volcano - is a -.very? powerful rock.— What is the meaning t of . mer de glace ? Mother of glass.— What are fossils 1 Fossils are those remains of plants and animals which i keep ' best when left to themselves, — What fossil .remains do we find of fishes 1 5' In some rocks we find the fossil footprints of fishes. — What are the metamorphic rocks? ; Rocks that contain metaphors. — "What - is - the -. matter?" queried a teacher. - " You seem to be rather uneoipfortable there." - "I've. got the interjection, sir," was the unexpected reply. — Explain the ' words fort and for tress. A fort is a place to. put men in, aud a fortress a plaoe to put women in. — What is a Republican ? A Republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bihie, — The two chief volcanoes in Europe. Sodom and Gomorrah. 