Hours with Great Men AND THEIR WOEKS. HENEY KENDALL AND HIS POEMS. (CONCLUDED. J In the curse of Mother Flood, Kendall show hiB power of painting horrible imageray almoe more powerfully than he does in " Cooranbean. We extract a few stanzas as illustrations. W hei the abominable den in which the witch lived : situated we are unable to tell, for the poet ÍB dea and gone, and the latitude and longitude of tl terrestrial horror he haB described has perhap perished with him. He says : Wizened tho wood is. and wan is tho way through il White as a corpse is the face in thc fon ; Only blue adders abide in and stray through it Adders and venom and horrors to mon. Hero is tho " ghost of a gardon " whoso minister Fosters strange blossoms that startle and soare, Eod as man's blood ia tho sun that with sinister Flame is a menaoo of hell in tho air. Wrinkled and haggard the hills aro-tho jags of tho Gape like to living and ominous things : Storm and dry thunder cry out in tho crags of them, Firo, and tho wind with a woe in its wings. Muoh less artificial than the preceding is tl stanza whioh closes with Sin without name to it-man novcr heard of it \- Crime that would startle a fiend from his lair, Blasted thi3 glon, and tho loaf and tho bird of it Wlicre is there hope for it, Father, O where ? Kendall's genius, however, revelled rather i depicting the beauties of Australian landsoapt than in describing the weird, the unsightly, an the horrible. He is at home in describing Se] tomber, a month which generally eclipses all otb.« months of the year for genial warmth and fresl ness. He Bings : t Septombor, tho maid with tho swift, silvor feet! Sho glides, and eho gracos The valleys of coolness, tho slopes of tho heat, With her blossomy traeos. Sweet month with a mouth that is made of a rose, Sho lightens and lingera In spots whoro tho harp of tho evening glows, Attuned by her fingers. Tho stream from ita homo in the hollow hill slips In a darling old fashion ; And tho day gooth down with a song on ita lips, Whoso key-noto is passion. Far ont in tho fierce, bitter front of the sea I stand, and romombor Dead things that wero brothers and sisters of thea, Kesplenaent Septombor. # * # # We, having a secret to others unknown, In tho cool mountain-mosses, May whisper together, Septombor, alone Of our loves and our losses. One word for her beauty, and one for the graoe Sho gave to tho hours ; . And then wo may kiss her, and suffer her face > - To sleep with tho flowers. High plaoos that knew of tho gold and the white On tho forehead of Morning, Now darken and quake, and the steps of the Night " Are heavy with warning ! . . * . Her voice in the distance is lofty and loud, Throuuh the echoing gorges ; She hath hiddon her oyes in a mantle of cloud, Andhor feet in the surges I On the tops of the hills ; on the turreted oones Chief templos of thunder .Tho gale, Uko a ghost, in the middle watoh moans, Gliding over and under. The sea flying white through tho raok and the rain, Leapeth wild at tho forelands ; And tho plovor, whose cry is like passiohswith pain, Complains in the moorlands. -.0,.season of changes-of shadow and shine September the splendid ! ;- s1-*' My song hath no musio to mingle with thined And its burdon is ended : But thou, being born of tho winds and the sun, By mountain, by river, May lighten and liston, an«? loiter and run, With thy voices for over. What can be more gracefully Australian thar his poem upon bell-birds. These beautiful crea tures can be both seen and heard in the ridgee that front the sea along the eastern coast of Aus tralia P The silvor-voioed bell-birds, the darlings of day time 1 They sing in September their songs of the May time ; When shadows wax strong, and the thunderbolts " hurtle, They hido with their fear in the leaves of the myrtle { When rain and the sunbeams shine mingled to . gether, ' They ßtart up like fairies that follow fair weather ; And straightway, the hues of their feathers, nn folden Are tho green and the purple, tho blue and the golden. October, the maidon of bright yellow tresses, Loiters for love in these cool wildernesses ; Loiters, knee-deep in tho grasses, to listen Where dripping rockB gleam and the leafy pools glisten ; Then is the time when the water-moons splendid Break with their gold, and are scattered or blended Over tho oreokc, till tho woodlands have warning Of tho songs of the boll-bird and wings of tho Morn ing. Welcome as waters unkisscd by tho summers Aro tho voices of bell-birds to thirsty far-comers. Whon Gory December sets foot in the foreat, And tho need of the wayfarer presscB tho sorest, gent in tho ridges for over and over, Thc boll-birdB direct him to spring and to river, j With ring and with ripple, like runnels whose torrents Aro toned by the pebbles and loaves in the current. Another phase of Kendall's character ia worthy of notice. He felt grateful to all who had be friended him, and waa ever willing to Bpeak well of thoBe who had marched along with him through tho bywaya of literature. The men whom he haa gratefully commended in his poem3 wore mon of high intelligence and distinguished as valuable members of society. From his " In Memoriam on tho Late Lamented D. H. Deniehy " we quote a stanza: «Sis should bo a gravo by mountains, in a"cool and \- thiok mossed loa. With tho lono creek falling past-falling over to tho sea. Hia should bo a gravo by wators, by a bright and broad lagoon, Makin? steadfast splendors hallowed of tho quiet shining moon. Hero tho olvea of many froata-wandering winds and flying lights, Born of green, of happy mornings, dear to yellow bummer nights, Full of dolo for him that loved them, thon might halt, and then might go. Finding fathora of tho people to their children speak ing low Speaking low of ono who failing, suffered all thopoot'B pain, Dying with tho dead leaves round him-hopes which novor grow again. And tho following verses in commemoration of the lamented death of Edward Butler might have been written by a most pronounced spiritu alistic poet. For this heorio Irish heart, We misa so much to-day, Who30 lifo waa of our lives a part What words havo I to say ? BecauBO I know tho noble woe That shrinks beneath tho touoh The pain of brothers stricken low I will not say too muoh. But often in tho lonely spaoe, When night is on the land, I dream of a departed faoe A gracious vaniahod hand. And when the solemn waters roll . . . ; . Against tho outer stoop, I see a great benignant soul. Beside mo in my sloop. Yea, while tho froat is on the ways v With barron banks austere, Tho friend I know in other days Ia often very near. I do not hoar a singlo tone, But whore this brother gleams, Tho elders of tho seasons flown Aro with me in my dreams. The saintly face of Stenhouse turns ; His kind old eyes I BOO; And Poll and Ridley, from their urns, Arise and look at mo. By Butler's side tho lights reveal The father of his fold, I Btart from sloop in tears and feel That I am growing old. His verses upon William Bede Dalley were written during that much lamented Australian gentleman's life, whereas some of his effusions of grateful, personal friendship were written after tiie death of those whom ho commended. Of Mr. Dalley he sang : He with the faultless intuition born Of splendid faoultioa, seea things aright, And all his strong, immeasurable scorn Falla liko a thunder on the hypoorite. But for tho Bufforer and the son of shame. On whom remorse, a groat, sad burden Hos, Hia kindness glistens liko a morning flame ; Immenao compaaaion shinoa within his eyes. Firm to the churoh by which hia fathers stood, But tolerant to every form of oreod, \- He longs for universal brotherhood, And is a Christian gentleman, indeed. Of the late Mr. John Fairfax, Kendall, after reading a touching poem by Mrs. Browning, wrote : Because thia man fulfilled his days, Like ono who walka with stoadfast gaze Avertpd from forbidden ways With luroa of fair, falso flowerage deep, Behold the Lord, whose throne ia dim With fires of flaming seraphim The Christ that suffered aent tor him, He giveth his beloved sleep, # # # # Be Büro this hero, who has passed The human space-the outer vaat Who worked ir» harnees to tho last, Doth now a hallowed harvest reap ; Love BjjQB his gravo, nor turns away The eyes of Faith aro like the day, And grief haa not a word to say " Ho giveth his belovod sleep." That fair, rare spirit, honor throws A light, which putB to Bhame the roflO, Across his grave, because she knowa The son whoso ashes it doth keep ; And Uko far music, thia is heard- I " Behold the man who novor stirred, By word of his, an angry word 1 He giveth his beloved sleep." The late Samuel Bennett was a friend to Kondall, and appreciated his genius very highly. After Mr. Bennett's lamented death Kendall wrote a beautiful "In- Memoriam" entitled "By the Cliffs of the Sea," which has been printed along with his other poems. From this tender effusion of the poet's grief for the loss of a valued friend we extract a few stanzas. In a far-away glen of tho hills, Where tho bird of the night ia at rest, Shut in from the thunder that fills The fog-hidden cavoa of the west In a sound of the leaf, and the lute Of the wind on the quiot lagoon I Btand, like a worshipper, mute In the flow of a marvelloua tune ! And the song that Í8 sweet to my tense Is " Nearer My God Unto Thee." But it corrioB mo sorrowing hence, To a grave by the cliffs of the sea. So many have gone that I loved So few of the fathora remain, That whero in old eoasona I moved I could nover bc happy again. In the breaks of thia beautiful psalm, With ita deep, its devotional tone, And tints of ineffable calm, I feel like a stranger alone. No wonder my oyes aro BO dim Your trouble ia heavy on mo, 0 widow and daughter of him Who sleeps in the gmvo by the sea. # s « # 1 knew him indood, and I knew, Having suffered so much in his day, What a beautiful nature and true, In Bonnott was hidden away. In the folds of a shame without end, When tho lips of the scorner were curled, I found in thia brother a friend The last that was left in tho World, ' w Ah I under tho surface austero Compassion was nativo to theo; I send from my solitudo hero This roso for the gravo by tho soa. Now that the citizens sung of, and tho poet who sung of them, have passed over to the great and silent majority, his faults and failings will be all forgotten, and he will bo lemembered by his countrymen as a native Australian singer distin guished by great fluency, delicacy, and sweetness, and one whose works will long occupy a promi nent nosition in the literature of his countrv. SENEX. 