OUTLAW AND AWM By MBS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "The Head Station," "The Bond of Wedlock," "The Brother of the Shadow," " Passion and Policy," "Nadine," "An Australian Heroine," and joint author with Mr. Justin McCarthy of "The Ladies Gallery," "The Right Honorable," &o.; (Published by special amnpecnent with the author. All riphts reserved.] Chapter III.—Lord and Lady Horace at Home. Lord i±orace was scrambling np the bank, leaning well over his saddle-bow and clinging to his horse's mane. His seat was a little uncertain, and it was evident that he was only a spurious sort of bushman, in spite of his rather elaborate bush get-up of Crimean shirt, spotless moleskins, and expensive cabbage tree hat. He had a stockwhip, too, coiled over his left arm, though he had no pretence of going after cattle, and had indsed only a few stray beasts to look after. He was a tall, slight, dark young man, with a profile somewhat after the Apollo Belvidere type, -fine eyes, and a weak mouth. He was dis tinctly aristocratic^ looking, clipped his g's after the English aristocratic fashion, and had certain little ways of his class, in spite of his efforts to be rough. He had an attractive manner, and apart from his wish to ape bush man's habits, seemed quite without affecta tion. He looked, certainly, however, more euited for a London life than for that of an Australian settler, and it was equally certain from his physiognomy that he would never take the world by storm with his talents. " Moonlight," he cried out in answer to oin'o rtooehir.,, <( "Rwori Vtiintin' fnr him nil ' Been huntin' up the Luya. No chance whatever of their •findin' him. I say, Hallett—how do you do, old chap. Let's make a party—get some old blaok trackers don't you know? and go out " on the trail, eh ?—man-catching. It would be rare sport." " If you and Mr. Halletb were to do such a thing I'd never speak to you again," said Elsie indignantly. " Look here, Bhe has been ravin' about the fellow. I must say I think it wa3 rather a fine thing refusing Slaney's cheque and trust- j ting to his honor. Slaney's honor 1 Poor chap, he's dead, so mustn't abuse him. You Bhould have heard the fellows at the Bean-tree dis cussin' your chances, Hallett. I suppose you are going to stand for the district V" "I suppose so," Hallett answered. "But," he added, "it is too soon to talk about that with poor Slaney not yet in his grave." . " Oh, nobody cares about Slaney. The king is dead, long live the king—that's my motto, and Slaney was a confounded Radical hand and glove with the working man. I'm a working man myself, but I ain't a Radical." Lord Horace talked excitedly and rather thickly. Elsie looked at him and drew her delicate eye brows together in a frown. " I think we had better walk on to the Humpey," she said. " Ina will be wondering what has become of us all." "Yes, come along and have a refresher and talk over things," said Lord Horace. "It's a beastly ride from the Bean-tree. I went over to see if some of those selectors wouldn't get their meat from me—might as well turn an honest penny, yon know; and I wanted to hear the news about Moonlight. Maopherson and his men are mad at his having given them the slip, and are scouring the country till they find his hiding-place. They're mad. too, against poor Slaney for not letting them nab Moonlight at the bank. By Jove, that was a neat trick, and I like old Slaney, though he teas a beast. I like him for having stood on the square to Moonlight. But come along and let us talk it over. It's canvassin' I'm think ing of. I canvassed once for my brother-in law, Wavryng—before he was Wavryng, you know—got him in too with singing comic soDgs—I'm first-rate at 'em. By Jove, Wa verying isn't half as grateful as he might be or he'd do something for me now." Lord Horace spurred his horse and cantered I on executing a series of Alpine calls to which there came a response from the house in the | shape of a faint " Coo-ee." Frank Hallett did not mount, but walkpd I beside Elsie, who was silent and looked | worried. " I forgot," said Frank abruptly. "I've got a note for you frwm Mrs. Jem. She wants you to come over next week, and Lady Horace of course. I believe there's to be a dance or something at Tunimbah." " I'm going home next week," said Elsie. " But you can wait f--r that. Nobody wants | yon in Leichardt's Town." "Heaps of people want me, and heaps of things. Mamma wants me; my winter gowns want me, and the fruit wants me. It has to be made into jam, and my dresses have to be made; there's nobody to do thein but me. 1 You see Ina used to be t he practical person among us—the prime minister, the dressmaker, .and the cook all in one. And now Ina is gone "Oh, but haven't you ?" Frank began, | and stopped awkwardly. " Haven't we a cook ? you were going to say. No, we haven't. Mammi|e and I do the cook ing for eacti other, and a nice mess we make of it, and the Kanaka boy, who does the gardeD, cleans the pot3 and pans. Now you know all about it. Have you any idea, Mr. Hallett, what Mammie and I have to live upon? " \- " No—that is, I didn't imagine, of course, that you were millionaires." "We've got exactly one hundred and twenty five poundis a year, not counting the garden produce—a hundred and twenty live pounds a year to pay our rent and to feed and clothe our two selves and buy all the necessaries of civilisation. I suppose I pass as a civilised young person out in Australia, though I am Suite sure I shouldn't if you put me down in iondon society. Oh, dear, I wonder if I shall ever have a taste of London sooiety." " How you always harp on England," said young Hallett. "Well, isn't it supposed to be the paradise of Australian girls, as they used to say Paris was to Americans ? I'm certain that one of the reasons Ina married Horace was because she thought he might take her to England. I can't imagine any other." Frank langhed. " Oh, he's a very good fellow though he is a lord, as they say about here._ But why do you Bay that your sister married him because she wanted to. go to England. She is not ambitious—she doesn't care about that sort of thing. She is not— "Not like me," Elsie interrupted. "If l| were only half as good as Ina." "She married him, I suppose, because she| loved him," Hallett went on uneasily. " Do you think he is the kind of person a | girl would fall in love with ?" said Elsie. " Why not? He is very handsome, and be | has nice manners." . " And he is horribly selfish-and he is shallow | —as shallow as the creek at the crossing. Mr. | Hallett, do you know I am worried about Ina. : I don't think somehow she is very happy. But she is much too proud and much too good to own it." Hallett looked uncomfortable. His memory went back to a certain day not many months back—a day when he had confided to Ina Vallianfc the love he felt for her sister Elsie and of which he could never think without a painful twinge, a horrible suspicion that she had once cared for him herself. It was true he had no reason for the suspicion—nothing but a stifled exclamation, a quiver of the voice, a sudden paling. The suspicion had been joy fully lulled to sleep, when a month or so after wards she had accepted Lord Horace, and when she had told him again, and this time firmly and unfalteringly, that she would do everything in her power to further his suit with Elsie. And she had done everything she could. She had asked him over repeatedly, had been Bweeb, frank, and sister-like, and had seemed absolutely satisfied. And yet when Elsie said that Ina was nob happy, he knew that she was only echoing his own miserable thought. ''Tell me," he said, "why do you fancy that ? Isn't he good to her ?" " Oh, yes. He is always making love to her if you call that beiDg good. It is really quite embarrassing sometimes, and if I were Ina I wouldn't have it; and then he flies out be cause the dinner isn't quite right, or be cause some little stupidity is wrong and sulks I like a spoiled child. It's because Ina doesn't | sulk too—because she puts up with icB pettish nesB so angelically, and takes such pains that j everything shall be right next time that I am j sure she isn't happy. It's unnatural." "Surely it's very natural if she cares for j him." Poor Ina," said Elsie softly. " Well, she is happy enough apparently when she is fidget ting after the chickens and furbishing up her doll's house." It does look a little like a bush dolls house," said Prank. The were close to the Humpey now. It was a queer little slab place, roofed with bark, standing against a background of white gum trees, which, with their tall ghost like trunks and sad grey foliage, gave a suggestion of dreariness and desolation to the otherwise cosy homestead. Lord Horace had made the best of the Humpey. It had been a stockman s hut, two Blab rooms and a lean to; and now another hut had been joined to it, which was Lord Hoi ace's kitchen, and there were sundry other lean-to's and straggling shanties w^®tl served for guest-rooms and meat-stores. The verandah of the Humpey had an earthen floor, and the posts were of barked saplings. But there were creepers growing around the posts and festooning the bark roof, and there were Btands of ferns against the slab walls, and squatters' chairs with crimson cushions which made splashes of color Lord Horace's chair had a glass of some spirituous concoction on its arm-table, which his attentive wife had just brought to him, and he was filling his pipe, while Ina, who was only a few degrees less lovely than Elsie, leaned against the post, and waited submissively to be told the day s news. Lord Horace took a great deal of credit to himself for having left the Humpey in its original state of roughness. "Some fellows, you know, would have gone to no end of ex pense in cartm' cedar and shinglin'and paintin^ and spoilin' a leally good Australian effect, he was wont to say. "That's the worBt of you Australians, you've got no sense of dramatic fitness. And that's what I say to Ina and rtlsie when they want me to fill up thechinks between the slabs, and putt in plateglass windows. A bush hut is a bush hut, and there's something barbarous in the idea of turning it into a villa. Wait till I've finished my stone house; then you shall see something really comfortable and harmonious, too. In the meantime, if we can t be comfortable, let us at least be artistic." Those were Lord Horace's sentiments. The new house had come to a standstill for want of funds after the foundations had been laid, and it was not likefy to get beyond the foundations, unless Lord Waveryng sent out further supplies; but Lord Horace talked of it with as proud a certainty as if an army of master builaer3 were already at work. , Lady Horace came slowly duwn the log steps and held out her hand to Hallett. " How do you do," she said in her gentle little Australian drawl. " I'm very glad you have come. Elsie was saying yesterday that we were so dull." That's because we're on our honeymoon yet," put in Lord Horace. " Elsie says it's quite disgusting the way we spoon." Frank Hallett noticed that Lady Horace flushed a brilliant red, and interpreted the blush as a favorable sign. Oh, yes, she was happy. She must be happy. If she had not been happy she could not have answered so composedly. " We were planning to take Elsie over to Tunimba to see Mrs. Jem Hallett, before^ sbe goes down to Leiuhardt's Town. But we're little frightened of Mrs. Jem, because she is so dreadfully grand, and she might be vexed if we went without a formal invitation." " Here is the formal invitation, anyhow," said Hallett, and he produced his sister-in law's note, and gave it to Lady Horace, who duly handed it to her husband, and it was there and theD settled that they would go. Frank Hallett had brought something else for Ina—some of the famous Tunimba figs, which wera now going 06, aad he had brought a book for Elsie, and while these oSerings were being unpacked and commented on, he studied Lady Horace's face. Ina was not so j pretty as her sister. She was not bo tall, her coloring was less brilliant, she was much | quieter. It was a wonder, people thought, that Lord Horace, who was a fastidious person, had fallen in love with her instead of with the all-conquering Elsie. But Elsie had Bnubbed him and Ina was besides very pretty and very much more docile than her sister. She had a sweet li tie serious face, with a peculiarly delicate complexion and a tender, resolute mouth. The fault of her face lay in the light eyelashes and eyebrows, which gave her a certain insipidity. She had a very gentle manner, and she did not talk much, not nearly as much as Elsie. She had been only four months married. Hallett asked her how she liked the Dell, and she told him in her childlike way about her chickens, and her pigs, and the new garden, and the pump Lord Horace was making, and other domestic details; and she asked him various questions about the working of Tunimba and Mrs. Jem Hallett's management, which showed that she had thrown herself entirely into her bush Iife._ He said something to this effect. " Fes," she answered. I want to make the Dell as much a model of a place in its small way as Tunimba is in its big way. And then, you know, Horace isn't like a regular bush man, he must have his little English com forts " . "Which he insists on combining with bis Australian dramatic effects," put in Hallett, "and that must make management a little difficult for you, Lady Horace." Ina laughed. " Oh, I don't mind," she said. "Now I want to show you the last improve ment," and she took him into the sitting-room, which was a very cosy and picturesque place, though the walls were only of canvas stretched over the slabs, and the ceiling—of canvas, too —was stained with rain droppings from the bark root. Lord Horace had been amusing himself by drawing in sepia a boldly-designed flight of swallows along one end of the room. "Not strictly appropriate to Australia, my dear fellow, but I couldn't stand the papers they showed me. I have sent home for some thing a little more artistic.^ It should be parrots, of course, or satin-birds, and by the way, those beggars of satin-birds have gobbled up all our loquats—but my imagination wouldn't soar and Ina is not inventive. I'm trainin' her faculties, but by slow degrees." Ina flushed again. Between the flushes she was—so Hallett noticed—alarmingly pale. And surely she had got thinner. But she had taken ever so much pains over the arrangement of the drawing-room, which was in truth exceed ingly pretty and full of English odds and ends, from a portrait of a Lady Waveryng in full court dress to an an tiered stag's head over the doorway. Ina was proud of her charming room, though she gave Elsie all the credit of the arrangement. "It was always Elsie who did the prettiness," she said, "whetherit was in our ball dresses or in our parlor. Eisie has only to putt her hand to a thing and it gets somehow the stamp of herself. I was never good for anything but the useful things." Lord Horace sat down to the piano, which was a fine instrument and was litrered with music, 3nd struck a few chords. "You must hear my newest thing. It's one of those spirited bush ballads of William Sharp's, and I've set it to music. Ina and I sat up till all hours last night practisin' it." "Yes," interjected Elsie, "and you made poor Ina faint by keeping her standing so l°nff " " I wanted her to have some port wine, answered Lord Horace, " and Bhe wouldn't. It was her fault, wasn't it, Ina, dear "Yes, it was my fault," said Ina. "I didn't take the port wine in time." _ " Well, never mind," said Lord Horace, "she shall have some port wine now to make up." He rushed off and brought the wine, which be made her swallow in spite of her pro tests. That was Lord Horace's way. A glass of port wine lor a woman and a brandy and soda for a man were his notion of- a panacea for ills of body and mind. When Ina had drunk her wine he began his accompaniment again and burst into the song. He had a fair baritone, and sang with a certain manner as of one who knew what he was about. He put a good deal of dramaiio go into the rattling words— O'er the range and down the gully, across the river hid, W- are riding on the tracks of ths cattle that have fled: The mopobes all are laughing, and the cockatoos are i-creaming. And bright amidst the stringy barks the parokeets are gle-miDg. The wattle blooms are fragrant and the great man golias fair Kuke a heavy sleepy sweetness in the hazy morning air; But the rattle and the orashing of our horses' hoofa riDg ou", And the cheery sound we answer with our long repeated shout. And then came the chorus which the four took up— Coo-ee—Goo-ee—Coo—ee—Ooo-ee! "My dear Horace," said Hallett, "why didn't you try for fortune in the light operatic line? You are much better suited for that than for roughing it in Australia." "I did chink of it," replied Lord Horace seriously, " but the light operatic line is played out in England; there's no chance for anybody now. And then one's people would have thought it infra dig They're old fashioned, you know—don't go in for modern innovations—the stage cult and that sort of thing. It's not a bad notion of yours, though —an opera of bush life—openin' chorus of stockmen and bushrangers, and Moonlight for a hero. It might pay better than free selecting on the Luya." "It might well do that," said Elsie, who was rather fond of a passage-atarms with her brother-in-law. Lord Horace caught her round the waist and gave her a twirl into the verandah. "A waltz—a waltz, Ina !" he cried. Ina play°d. There were some blacks outside, who clapped their hands and cried out, " Budgery !" and the pair stopped to have what Lord Horace called a "yabber." Hallett and Ina were left alone. She let her hands fall from the piano, and her sweet serious eyes met his. "Mr. Hallett," she said, "I think you ought to make haste." "Tell me what I ought to do, Lady Horace." " I think you ought to make Elsie under stand how much yon care for her." "I have tried to do that. You were wrong. She doesn't care for me." "I thought she did," said Ana faltering. The break in her voice reminded him of the break ! in it that day. Perhaps she was thinking of I this too. She went on in a different tone, ' "You must nob judge Elsie as you would another girl She is horribly proud, and she is horribly reserved, and Bhe is horribly per verse. Oh, I know all my Elsie's faults." "Tell me, Lady Horace, what made you think that she eared for me ?" Iua hesitated, and her sofd color came again. "I don't think I can do that quite, Mr. Hallett." 1 " Tell me," he urged. She looked at him and turned away her head. "Yes, I'll tell you," she said in a forced sort of voice. "'It was—do you remem ber that day at Tunimba — before I was engaged—when you told me that you were so fond of Elsie?" 1 "Yes," he answered, and he voice too was strained. "It was just after that that Horace—that I began to think I might marry Horace. One day when Elsie teased me about it—she never cared very much for Horace, you know, chough Mammie liked him so much—we spoke 1 of you—and Elsie told me that you were the ; only man she had ever known whom she could fancy herself marrying. She told me that she { had once fancied—before Horace came on the i scene you know"—Ina laughed a little un-1 steadily—" that you had a—regard for me. It was "absurd, wasn'o it?—and that the idea 1 had' made her unhappy and snappish to me, and that she had hated herself for minding. But she had minded. That meant a great deal from Elsie." At that moment Lord Horace and' Elsie came in. " Mr. Hallett," she exclaimed, "I havebeen telling Horace that we are to have a picnic from Tunimba to the Barhlin Waterfall." "Elsie is determined to find Moonlight's lair," said Lord Horace " Well, I'm on for any fun of that sort. Talking of Barolin, do | you know the people there, Traut and Co. ?" " Blake and Trant," said Hallett. "It's I Blalce who is the boss, they say. But how j anyone who wasn't quite a fool could have ' bought Barolin Gorge." " They say Trant is doing a good thing with his horses, though," said Lord Horace. "Do you know the chap? He was at the Bean-tree to-day. I didn't fancy him. Looked to me like one of those low-bred half-Fenian fellows. I saw 'em when I went salmon fishin' with Waveryng to Ireland. I was wondering whether Blake could he one of the Blakes of ' Cook." "Coola!" repeated Hallett. "Blake of Coola is about as old a name as there is in Ireland. Castle Coola was close by our river. Lord Coola was a friend of Wave ryng'a. I never met him. The ea-sfclt was shut up the only time I wens over. It is a common ! enough name though." "I believe my sister-in-law has asked Mr. ! Trant over to Tunimbah," said Hallett. The bell rang for dressing. Lord Horace took his guest over to what was by courtesy ' called the bachelor's quarters. There was , only one Bpare room in the Humpey and that | was occupied by Elsie Vallians. Chapter IV.—Elsie's Lover. They were sitting down to dinner when the barking of the dogs announced an arrival. Presently the woman in the kitchen came in with a slip of paper, on which was written, "Dominie Trans, or Barblin." "By Jove!" exclaimed Lord Horace, "he has taken me at my word. Saw him at the Bean-tree to-day and asked him to look us up if he was passing. He said he was going straight on to-night." Elsie looked excited. " Dominic Trant! Domiuic—what an odd name !" Lord Horace brought his guest in. Mr. Trant was rather a good-looking man of from thirty to thirty-live. Elsie decided first that he was distinctly Irish; secondly that he was not quite a gentleman. If he had been a gentle man he might have sat for one of Velasquez's pictures, but there was a certain commonness about him which destroyed the effect of bis otherwise artistic appearance. He had an accent, too, and Elsie detested a brogue. But he had fine black eyes and a well-featured I sallow face. His manner was rather elaborate. ! He called Lady Horace " Your Ladyship," | but after the first time or two dropped into , familiarity, and was almost free and easy. He ! scarcely took his eyes off Elsie. He explained his arrival. He had stopped late at the Bean-tree, later than he had in tended. The fact was he had waited for a tele gram from his partner Blake, who was think ing of coming up to Barolin. "Your partner doesn't pay many visits to Barhlin," said Frank Hallett. "Well, no," replied Mr. Trant. "Blake was rather taken in over Barolin, that's the truth. He was disgusted and turned the whole shop over to me. It's a fiddling little place is Barblin, and dull as ditch water." "Iexpect it will be livelier now that the police are turning out on the Upper Luya to hunt for Moonlight," said Lord Horace. "Oh, Moonlight!" said Mr. Trant with a laugh. "Do ye think they'll catch him?" " They won't unless the squatters lend a band," said Hallett; "and it's a queer thing, but the squatters don't seem so down on Moon light as you'd suppose. He hasn't bailed np | any of them yet." j "They'll not catch him," said Mr. Trant. " Anyhow I'll lend 'em a hand at it." Elsie looked at him with an expression of dislike. Trant, whose eyes met hers, noticed it and colored. "You don't want him to be caught, miss?" he said. "JSTo," said Elsie decidedly. "He is a picturesque figure. We haven't much that is picturesque in the bush." "Surely!" said Lady Horace, "we can be picturesque without bushrangers." The talk went on about Moonlight. Lord Horace got excited. "A man hunt." That was what he wanted. Big game! You needed sportsmen to take the thing up properly. The police were duffers. And now that there was going to be an election no one would bother about Moonlight. Frank Hallett would be responsible if any of the Luya stations were bailed up. Mr. Trant looked interested. He turned the conversation on to the election, and tbey discussed the probabili'y of the Irish vote carrying it in favor of the Radical member. He asked a good many questions as to the strength of the Irish vote, the predominance of Radicalism among the Goondi diggers, and the political leanings of the Luya selectors. Hallett fancied that the man meant -to draw him, and showed Mr. Trant that he did not intend to be drawn. Elsie also scenting Trant's motive, though she could not account for it—surely he could not be thinking of opposing Hallett— plunged in'o the talk. She had hitherto been very silent. " Do you ever go to Leiehardt's Town, Mr. Trant ? To the balls, I mean?" Trant looked at her admiringly from under his heavy brows. "I leave that kind of thing to my partner, Miss Valliant. He is more of a ladies' man than I am. Perhaps," he added, "I'venever had any great inducement till now to stay in Leiehardt's Town " "I have never met Mr. Blake," said Elsie, ignoring the implied compliment. "Blake goes across the border when he wants a spree," answered Mr. Trant. " He runs down to Sydney and he is rather a card there, I can tell you. I shouldn't wonder though if he were in Leiehardt's Town a good deal this winter." " It is going to be a very gay winter, isn't it?" put in Lady Horace. "The prince is, really coming! and there will be the new I Governor, and we shall have a lot of balls. Elsie and I are going to have a good time just like the old times before I married." She got up as she spoke and went into the parlor. The night was warm, as March nights are, and there floated in the fragrance of the stepbanotis, which twined one of the verandah posts. Elsie sauntered into the verandah. Lady Horace was going to follow her, but when she saw that Hallett had come out of the dining-room, evidently with that intention, leaving Lord Horace and Mr. Trant, Ehe drew back and let Hallett pass her. Elsie had gathered a spray of the stepbanotis and was stroking her lip with one of the waxen flowers. "How do you like Mr. Trant?" asked Hallett abruptly. " I don't like him at all," she answered. ! hate a man who calls me ' miss' and looks at me in that fashion." ! "I am sorry that Edith asked him to Tunimbah." 1 " Wny did she do that ?'' "She said we had been unneighborly and that she had heard Mr. Blake was a very charm- ' ing man, and that for his sake we were bound to be civil to his partner. You know Edith rather_ likes to play the part of great lady of the district." "She does it very nicely. She is so amiable and proper, and well dressed, and well read, and all the rest. She always says the right thing when she is in society. Do you know I' think Mrs. Jem Hallett is rather wasted as the wife of a Luva squatter." " I sea you don't like Edith. Bub never mind. You will come over, won't you, and leave the jam to take care of itself for another ' week ?" " I will come on one condition." " What is that?" " That you bake me to Barolin Waterfall." "I am afraid that you will find it a rougher? expedition than you bargain for. It will meanj' a night's camping out." "So much the better. I have never camped out in my life. Promise." " I promise, if nob now, at some future time." " Why nob now ?" "The river is up, you know, and then it's very difficult to get a black boy who will go near the Falls. Bub I will do my best. Do you think there is anything in the world I wouldn't try to do if you asked me ?" Elsie's eyes were like stars as she turned them upon him. It was a way of hers to answer a question with her eyes. But pre sentily she said thoughtfully, " I don't know." | "What is it you don't know?" he asked. " Don't you know that I would do anything in the world for you?3 I " Without any reward !" Bhe said coquet-1 tiahly. "There would always be the hope of a re ward—the hope " "Ah!" she exclaimed, cutting him short. "You are not disinterested. No one is. There i& always the hope of a reward.. I am tired of it all." She moved away from the verandah-post as she spoke and tossed the sprig of stephanotis from her. It fell on the edge of the steps and he Btooped and picked it up. She sat down on a Bquatter's chair at the end of the verandah furthest from the drawing-room. The other men had come out of the dining-room. Mr. Trant was talking to Lady Horace. Lord I Horace came to the door and called out | " Elsie " " Well?" " Come along in. Let us do Sharp's chorus. Trant says he has got a voice." "Trant! I wish Horace wouldn't let him | be so familiar," murmured Elsie sotto voce. , " Please ask Mr. Trant to try a solo. I can't) sing choruses so eoou after dinner." " Oh, don't go in," pleaded Hallett. " It's too hot inside," Elsie went on, speak ing to her brother-in-law. "Let us stop here and be comfortable." " Well, you are " Lord Horace began to protest, but was called off by his wife. "What are you tired of?" asked Hallett abruptly, as he seated himself on the edge of the verandah, almost at Elsie's feet. "Oh, I don't know. Tired of people— people who—who do everything from per sonal motives, tired of stupid speeches, and compliments, and all that." " Tired of being made love to," he said bitterly—"that's what you mean—of being made love to by men you don't care for." " Well," said Elsie, quietly stroking her dress, " a good many men do make love to me, you know, and I can't say that they are profoundly interesting as a body." "And there are no exceptions—not even I one ? " he exclaimed. " Does no one interest you' Elsie looked up swiftly and went on strok ing her dress again. ' " I should like to be made love to by some man who didn't care in the least what I thought of him—a man who would go on his own way straight as a die— not turning, as you all do, to right or lefb, at a woman's beck—a man with a purpose and a destiny—I don't think I should mind whether it was a good purpose or a bad one—a mag nificent deBtiny or a terrible one—only it must not be small or mean 1 Oh, a man who would follow his star at ail costs. That is the man I should like to know." "Go on," said Hallett. "Tell me more of what you would like in the man who made love to you." „ "He must never pay me a compliment, said Elsie. " He must not want to do what I wish. He must make me do what he wishes, i He must be my master." . . "Oh," exclaimed Hallett impatiently, | "that is a Jane Eyre-ish idea. No man who truly loves a woman can be her ma3ter. To ! love is to be a slave." I " How do vou know that? ' ( I " Because I love you and because I am your j slave. Elsie, how long is it to go on? I can't stand much more." . " It shall end to-night if you wish it, she aD"But bow? But how?" he cried. **La this way." She bent a little towards him and spoke very distinctly. "I shall say to you, 'Mr. Hallett, I am very grateful to you for earing for me and I am honored by your affection !' That is how the nice girls talk in novels." _ " Bah 1" He gave his shoulders an impatient shake. ., . Elsie went on, "I am not worthy oE your affection. I am a spoilt, heartless young woman, who has never loved anybody in her jife—except Mamniie and Ina—after a fashion. I don't think it is in me to love any man— unless he was the kind of man I have described —the kind of man who isn't at all likely to come my way. I am very selfish and very frivolous and very mercenary and very am bitious " , , , " No," be said doggedly, "I am not going to | believe that." " It is true, though, all the same. The only thing that I care about is excitement. I should die of dulness in the bush. I am nearly dead of dulness now. If I were a man I should fight battles; I should intrigue; I should do reckless things. As I am a woman all I can do to amuse myself is to make men fail in love with me and so gratify my sense of power till " She paused. " Go on—till when ?" . "Till they want what X don t want) to give till they want to come close to me—and paw | me—and all bhe rest." _ " Elsie, you are horrid." I " Yes, I know that I am," she replied com posedly. " But you know that you are all i alike. You all want to paw me. Then I hate you. And what is worse, I hate myself.' " At any rate, you are frank enough." j " It is almost my only virtue, and as you say ' I make the most of it." | " Go on with the rest that you were going to sa7i j° gay, 1 And so, Mr. Hallett, being this sorb of person, and', being so wholly despicable and so utterly unworthy of you, who are so highly estimable—and respecting you so truly " " Ob, Elsie, don't laugh at me. "I'm nob laughing at yon. I mean every word. You can't: imagine how truly X respect you. And so—that's how I would wind up— I'm not worth dangling after any longer, and you had better find some other girl who will be Ies3 frank, perhaps, but who will at any rav.6 give you something better worth having than what I can give you." "Willyou tell me first exactly what that is?" "Honest friendship and a dash of—how shall I call it—affection." " That's something gained anyhow, he ex claimed, " I'm not a bib discouraged ; I feel that I have made headway. You said that you were quite frank with me three months ago and you told me then that there was no affec tl0"I didn't know you eo well three months ago. I hadn't had an opportunity of learning how estimable you are- Since then I have seen ever so much of you. I have seen you at home. I have heard your praises sung by everybody. Y°ou have done all sorts of nice things for me. I should be unnaturally un grateful—a monster, if I hadn't some affection for you. But affection expresses everything. There's nothing more. There never will be anything more, and there ought to be a great deal more." " Well, I am contented.' "You are very easily satisfied. My ideal lover, my prince among men would never be contented with—affection. _IIe would want all that there was, more, and if I hadn't got it to give birn he would make me a polite bow and go and look for it elsewhere." " That would be because he didn't love you as much as I do. If he loved you he would be satisfied to wait on the chance of getting the 6" And if he never could get the rest ?" "Hewould be quite satisfied as long as no| one else got it." " A.h—but if the prince came ? "Then he would accept bis fate. That's the risk. You know I told you three months ago that I would run the risk. It was part of our compact." "Oh, our compact 1 I had forgotten that we had a compact—a real serious compact. Did we fix any limit for it ?" "You told me," said Hallett, "that I might go on caring for you—being your friend—your lover on probation " "No, no,"she cried ; "that means too much. Yon were to ask for nothing." "I have never asked for anything—I have never even kissed her hand. I will never do | so till you yourself tell me that I may.' Hallett'B voice trembled with emotion. "I will worship you as one might worship a star, and you can do nothing to prevent that. In this sense you can't help my being your lover." "In that sense — no. You are very chivalrous. Now that is_ what I like. I ad mire yon when yon axe like that; bnt at the same time I am going to say something horrid." "Oh, say it." "I think, do you know, that I despise you a little for—for—earing so much. That is like a woman, isn't it ?" "Yes, it's like a woman—at least so the cymes who write novels tell us. Well, about our compact? I am sure it had a limit—tell me." "You were to give me a definite answer whenever I asked for one." " And you asked me for one just now and I gave it. You said you could not stand things any longer. So the compact is ended." "No. You said I might end it if I pleased, and I don't ohose to end it after what yon | said " " What? About affection?" " Ye3. I'll never end while you say you care for me the least bit." "Affection isn't caring. It's what one feels for one's pet horse or one's dog—or one's friend." "Well," said he stolidly, "it's enough for me. Since it is that or nothing. I am your friend till you tell me I am something more."_ "But it is ended. I have no more responsi bility. I have told you to go. You know you ought to marry. You are going into Parlia ment. You will be a Minister.^ You'll have to have a house and to give parties. Political people ought to be married. Tciey shouldn't go dangling after girls " " Not after girls ; after a girl." "Well, they shouldn't dangle after a girl. It's undignified—especially after such a girl as I am—no mono}1, no connections—except Horace, I suppose, being a lord, though an impoverished one, counts for something—a girl who only keeps a kanaka boy in the kitchen and has to make the jam and clean her own boots—oh yes, I assure you, Ina and I have ofteu cleaned our own boots. It's well, it's chmp, as Horace says." They both laughed. Just then some one struck a few chords on the piano. It was Lord | Horace. And presently some one began to j sing. This was uot Lord Horace, who had a 1 nice little baritone, but not a voice like this. And Lord Horace's French, though be only aired it occasionally in quotations, was shaky ; while even Elsie, who uud only had a dozen lessens from a French Sister in the convent at Leichardt's Town, could tell that Mr. Dominie Trant had lived in France. Thanks to the sister, she could understand every word. " jSbnoD, Niuon, que fais tu de la vie It seemed an appeal to herself. How could sueli a person sing like that ? Sho asked herselt the question as she got up from her chair and went into the parlor. Mr. Dominic Trant looked at her while he sing. His eyes had something mesmeric iu them ; Irish eyes occa sionally have. The man was certainly good looking, and hi 6 did give one a sense of power. The effect that he had, however, was not quite pleasant. It was the power of a certain sort of passion —not of the highest kind. The power also of unflinching purpuse—also not of Che highest kind. This seemed to show itself when the man was singing. He began to in terest her. He had only struck her before as being rather ill-bred. "Where did you learn to sing French ?" she asked when he had finished. She had gone to Che piano. " I learned French among French people," said Trant. " I thought you would like that soug. It was sent out to me the other day. Do you understand it? Do you speak French?" "No," she said perversely. "How do you expect an Australian girl to speak French? So you have travelled a great deal, Mr. Trant ?" '• I wish you'd let me translate it to you," he said, not answering her question. " But I am quite sure that you understand it. I could tell that you did by your face." " SiDg something else," she replied—"some thing English, please." This time he sang a rollicking drinking song. Lord Horace was delighted. " You must come over," he said. "We must practice some glees and we'll let you have 'em at Tunimba next week, Hallett" Frank had to come forward to explain that his sister-in-law had written or was about to write to Mr. Tant to invite him to join the party. " I think it nrt unlikely that my partner Blake will be at Barolin then," said Mr. Trant. "1 had a telegram from him as I told you at the Bean-tree do-day." "Tell me about Mr. Blake," said Elsie sub siding into a chair and motioning Trant to her side in a way that irritated Hallett. She had put on her coquettish air, which meant that she scented a victim. " Why doesn't he ever come to the Luya ?" " He does come sometimes," answered Trant. "But nobody has ever seen him. I feel a curiosity about Mr. Blake." "What do you want to know about Blake?" "Is he young?" "No, not exactly. I suppose he is close upon forty.". "Is he married?" "No," Mr. Trant laughed. "He is fair game—and difficult game." Elsie drew herself up a lit tie. She was quite sure now chat Trant was very ill-bred. "What do you mean? Does he not like ladies? You said he was a ladies' man." "Oh, yes, he likes ladies. He is nob a marrying man, though, Blake. He doesn't care about anything except " " Except —" "Excexib adventure, amusement, making money." " But people say that Barhlin isn't exactly a money-making place." " Oh ! They say that, do they ? Well, per haps they are right. But then Blake makes money in other ways. He has got means. He is a luckier sorb of devil than I am—obliged to stick at Barolin all the year round." "I say," put in Lord Horace, "is your partner any relation of the Blakes of Castle Goola. Because you know my people know the Coola people; I've been fishin'close there." " I don't know," said Mr. Trant. " I should think it isn't unlikely. Blake doesn't like being questioned about bis people—says he cut Cffe whole lot when he came out here." "Got into a row, perhaps," said Lord Horace. "That would be a Blake all over. They're a wild Irish lot—got a dash of Fenian ism in the blood. There was a Blake who goc drowned. He tumbled off a cliff or some thing. Waveryng knew him. He was a chap in a crack regimenb too. Weli, it came out afterwards that he had been preaching to the chaps in the regiment, inciting to mutiny— like the Boyle O'Reilly, yon know." "Yes, I know," said Trant stolidly. "They said there would have been a court martial if the fellow ha in't died ; so it's lucky, perhaps, for him that he was drowned." "Well, as he was drowned he can't have anything to do with Blake or Barhlin," said Trant with a laugh. ('l'o be continued.) 