^xamvitni THE CONSECRATION DB. DELANEY. THE special report of the consecration of Dr. Delaney which we give elsewhere, and the large space we devote to onr record ceremony, mark, in some measnre, the profound respect in which we hold the episcopal office and the recipient of that dignity. But beyond the feeling of reverence for those on whom the spirit of the Holy Ghost had descended, there are other sentiments which impel us to unite our congratulations with those which the coadjutor- Bishop of Hobart has already received. Personally it would be to us a great pleasure to dwell on the impression Fr. Delaney produced on all who had the privilege of making his acquaintance upon his arrival in the colony, and we might prolong that pleasure by referring in fitting terms to his career in the diocese of Ballarat; but we refrain from adding eulogy to eulogy as being altogether unnecessary in tffifl tjasfef is conceivable that evejrfrom^ii rain' of '<5<3Hvpliments, if prolonged £t|W heavy.Vperlton taight wish to find shelter, ^dw/f tl\»t in any case could pardonable to suspeW^tbat the coadjiUgftBishop of . Hobar^ay"iast-iM>w?feife^(at frame of mind; for-the shoWd^sfiongratulations which have* 'fallen on his Lordship has been for some days remarkably heavy and unremitting. Notwithstand iDg his affability and courtesy, it would not be surprising if he regarded his experience in this matter as a foretaste of the trials inseparable from the high office imposed on him. Actuated by considerations that will not be misunderstood, we shall ourselves only say that Victoria, while parting with Dr. Delaney in no grudging spirit, would be much better pleased to-day that the saerifice had not been demanded of it, and that his Lordship had been allowed to remain among those who were the first to form an attachment to him that was every day growing closer and warmer. In his new and much higher sphere of duties we most cordially wish his Lord- Ehip blessings in abundance. IN many cases THE ABCHBisHOP's Catholics are not IECTUBES. nearly as well prepared as they might be, with little trouble, to answer the objections of Protestants to the teaching of the Church. In too many Catholic homes there is a total want, or, at least, a great dearth, of Catholic works on doctrinal questions. It should be remembered that we are soldiers of the Church militant, and that, as far as our education and opportunity fit us for active service, we should be prepared to play our part worthily. The most valiant soldiers are not quarrelsome. As a rule, they mnch prefer peace. But every good soldier holds himself prepared for a contest when forced into it; and that is the position in which all Catholics Bliould stand. The part hiB Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne played on a recent occasion affords a very high example of that rule, and one which other Catholics should be prepared to follow, in a modest way, in their narrow sphere of duty. It is not within their province to take upon themselves the defence of the Church from the public platform, and it seldom occurs that a layman should presume to do so; never acting upon iiis own judgment,.*~Butin their private intercourse jC^ouca>shpulcl~bB.,prepared to give re^ori^s&>r -the faith tbi&t; is in them, and jseitt is not at ajl equivalent to knowledge ^m i8ja<fa£&,$aise. '. Without arms itnml^d oeVam to contefi)i/against anarmeH^i-^ccor^me^^isiecessary that Catnbra^lgpjiiM'^gjSjm&tffhemselves; with the mSta>(hrj«fr-'liefenceJ and on the pointB which tho Archbishop of Melbourne treated in his lectures, the pamphlet in which these are published contains a valuable armoury of the most'effective weapons. And they are such as- anyone of ordinary dialectical skill may use with advantage, for the discourses are admirable for their method, and remarkable for clearness of style and cogency of argument. They are scholarly indeed, but they are fruits of a scholarship in which there was no confusion of thought or hesitation of expression, and so it follows, as in all oases.of the kind, that the argument is tfell within the grasp of all persons of ordinary comprehension. And this it is that renders the discourses so valuable to ..-Catholics who desire to be Well instructed. in matters pertaining to their religion. And this also explains why the lectures; should prpye most useful to members of the Chureh in any contro- versy that may be forced upon them respecting the origin of the Church of England, or the claims of the Catholic Church to be regarded as the one and only true Church of Christ. In these times, when there is an unusual stirring of dry bones, when there is more than ordinary restlessness in the Protestant mind, and it is evincing a desire to know the Catholic Church as it is, and not as it is misrepresented in Protestant history and tradition, it is the duty of ever^Catholii zealous for the projiagaty^'of ,tha faitl to be able on occasion^ to satisfy the prevauin; quiry; and on a qnesf versy which is enga tion just at present discourses are a magazibei>t/ij|igfi^V arguments. As they are pablished 1n pamphlet form at the mere nominal charge of 6d., they are within reach of many thousands of the population, and their circulation will be fully as large as we anticipate if the great service his Grace has rendered is properly apprecited, and those whom he represented with such distinguished success are wise nough to secure the defensive weapons hich have now been placed at their isposal. And these are points on which e could entertain no doubt whatever. THESE are some BATHES grounds for thinking UNSEASONABLE, that the people of this colony are somewhat unreasonable in the demands they make upon Government. So long as the Treasury could meet their wants their applications were incessant, and now when that is no longer possible they are persistently demanding reduced railway fares. It might be good policy to reduce freights on certain classes of goods the charges on which are a heavy tax on agriculturists in hard times. The railways having been constructed for the purpose of opening up the country, that object should be kept in view in the management of them. Otherwise they fail in the object for which the colony on their account has burdened itself with a heavy debt. The question in that case is very much one of accounts. It would never do to allow the balance in the profit and loss account to come out heavily against the colony, but within the avoidance of that folly it would be no loss to the colony to reduce the charges on agricultural produce slightly below paying rates. These argaments do not, however, apply in any degree to railway fares. Eaisipg -op -lowiring them is not a questkjfit^at.^ifEe6ts the"" interests of the ctffamtinity, though-lt may be in some crfses/% matter fofU^cali interest, as, for I ihs^tani^U^Wn^ itlie' profits of property, (^pers are involved! in it. There iB, why fares should be reSitefaj^^jlgyihg rates, and there are just nowHemands from some of the suburbs for that concession. The Age, replying to those requests, has given a table of comparative railway charges, from which it appears that first-class fares here are in many cases much lower than third-class fares in England. The comparison extends to distances ranging between one miTe and a half and ten miles, and in every case "Vic-, torians have considerably the advantage. The table fully bears out the statement that travelling on our suburban lines is wonderfully cheap, and yet there are people who ask for reductions, thongh these could not be made without taxing the whole people of the colony for the benefit of those who use the lines within the Metropolitan area. The request is consequently unreasonable. SINCE we referred in A SECBET OF these columns to the SUCCESS. success attending the children of Catholic schools in competition with the pupils of State schools at agricultural societies' shows, additions have been made to the roll of victory 5 but we do not now revert to the subject with the object of once taore sounding the loud timbrel. The superiority of the Catholic school has been made so conspicuous by these tests that it is altogether unnecessary to enlarge on it. 'It is unlikely, however, that inquiry has been directed to ascertaining how this has been accomplished, and that is the question in which, just at present, we take an interest. We shall assume nething in what we have to say on the subject—at least, nothing that could be disputed. We may start oh these grounds—that the capacity of the children in both cases are about equal; that education in the State school is much more costly than in the Catholic ; that the tramujg pf teacher* for .the former is much more, systematic and costly ; that those: ;teaohers ihave < in most instances superior accommodation and appliances, and that the teaching hours are the same in both instances. In a comparison on these heads the State school has apparently some advantages. That their friends would most certainly claim for them. What, then, can be the secret of success in the Catholic school P It mast be the religious element, for there is nothing else to account for it. There is no other feature in the case which we have not considered, and there is not of these which explains the ^superiority of the Catholic school in the \esults achieved. Beligion in the Catholic school is the one great distinguishing mark between it and the jimeligious establishment. Christian /doctrine and Christian morality constitute the essential difference, and in that difference we discover the secret of success. That conclusion is inevitable from the case as we put it, and we have not set down anything to which any reasonable objection could be taken. The religious influence renders the child more docile and attentive, and it preserves him from- bad habits, which are an obstacle to the efforts of his instructor. Beligion tells very much for good on the character of both teacher and pupil, and both in discipline and efficiency the result is what might be expected. A little time eacb day is given to Christian doctrine, and a little time to prayer, and thus somewhat less time is devoted to purely secular instruction than in the State school, and yet results in the secular sense do not suffer from that arrangement; on the contrary, they largely benefit by it, and so it would seem that though the State expends much more than the Catholic body upon secular instruction, and requires that more time shall be given to it, it gets less of it in the end than the denominational school secures. Or, perhaps, we should rather say that the quality of the article is not nearly as good in the one case as in the other. These are facts on which every Christian should ponder. THE circumstances THE surrounding the ADMINISTEATION death of a patient OF in the Melbourne CHLOBOFOBM. Hospital named Jane Agnes Shiels, while under the influence of chloroform, were inquired into on Wednesday by Dr. Youl and a jury. At the conclusion of the j evidence the jury returned a verdict that! death was due to heart failure during | the administration of chloroform, which , was properly and carefully given. All arties immediately concerned in the ctyse were thus acquitted of blame, but, nevertheless, there were attendantcircumstances which were not satisfactory to J)t. Youl, and may not seem so to the general public, as this is not the first instance in which a patient died from the effects of the drug on the operating table of the institution. When inquiring into previous instances of the kind the coroner expressed himself strongly in favour of having an expert chloroformist in connection with the institution, but as the honorary medical officers had made no recommendation to that effect, and appear to regard the appointment as unnecessary, the committee have taken no action in the matter. The circumstances under which Dr. Youl revived the subject on Wednesday are of sufficient importance to call for some notice. The post mortem examination disclosed a bad state of the heart, such as rendered the woman an unfit subject for the administration of chloroform, and the affection had not been previously discovered. It came out in evidence also that there was a cavity in the lungs in an unusual place, and that ii would have been possible by a careful examination to have discovered one or both affections. Dr. Youl considered that both weaknesses might have been discovered, but Dr. Mollison was of opinion that the state of the lungs only could have been ascertained. The chloroform was administered by Dr. Pabst, one of the resident surgeons, in the presence of Dr. Molloy.andDr. Youl did not think that, in the absence, of an Expert chloroformist,: all pecessary - precautions had been observed in the case/ The question thus raised is one that mnst be left to the decision of the faculty, but it is one of so much interest to the public that the medical societies of the colony should discuss it, and_ afford the committee of the Melbourne Hospital some guidance in the matter. .Theadministration of chloroform in private practice is no uncommon thing, and in cases of the kind the presence of a second practitioner of fair standing is all that is considered necessary, todental surgery its administration is ot. almost vlflilir daily occurrence, ni>nnnwnm. «ad and in these instances the presence of the —-- • . . who administer, the drug » suffiwtat * 'Pwfts&ional; practice is, therefore, against Dr. Youl's contention; but as he urges it with an authority entitled to respect it would be well that any doubt so raised, however slight it may be, should be set at rest. IN the Argus of Satur- OBANGE BANT, day there are some remarks on the first volume of the New Irish Library, this being "The Patriot Parliament of 1689," of which a notice appeared in our issue of ,11ft November. Nothing more strikingly characteristic of Orange bigotry and intolerance has appeared in our contemporary for a long time, for the perversions of truth are most audacious, and the ascendancy spirit is most shamelessly displayed. A few examples will justify our assertion. It is said :— Why, this was the Parliament held in Dur.n by the partisans of the expelled tyrant JameB II.; the Parliament of Tyrconnell; the Parliament which devoted its short life of sixty odd days to the undoing of all that the champions of civil and religious liberty had done the year before; which tried to restore the reign of the Stuarts, which re-established Popery, and introduced brass money, and did all those other things for rescuing us from which the immortal memory of King William is revered—is snpposed to be revered—by all good Liberals. Again— Excepting that it passed a general Act of Attainder declaring that Borne two or three thousand of the best and the richest men of Ireland had forfeited their lives and properties, and were liable to be drawn and quartered if they did not surrender within a few days—that it took all the church property from the Protestants and gave it to the Catholics, and that it repealed the Act of Settlement, under whioh a vast amount of property was held, and restored the land to itsjancient possessors—this Irish Parliament did nothing particularly bad. But it was "particularly bad" on its part to repeal the Act of Settlement and so restore to their owners the properties of which they had been robbed in favour of Cromwellians. Honesty is unpardonable when it is enforced against Protestants to the advantage of Catholics, and dishonesty is a virtue when the unfortunate Papists are the sufferers. And unless Irish Catholics accept these principles in their reading of history they are outside the pale of argument, and unworthy to be admitted to the friendship of their English fellowcountrymen. The editor of the work (the Hon. C. Gavan Duffy) said "the wicked past must be understood and deplored," and in our notice of it we thus enlarged on that condition:—" The editor of the ' New Irish Library' generously and wisely desires that all wrongs, ancient and recent, shall be forgiven, and that—if English rulers will at last permit it—there shall be peace. But it must be peace through the truth. We must be no longer held guilty of crimes we have not committed." But the Argus reviewer rejects the condition as preposterous; he insists that there shall be no stirring of dirty water which his friends fouled and knavishly laid at the door of the Irish people. There must be no^eafcftflig^for truth, or vindication^dfl^aimnbcfeiit, tSvlhe discredit of ,tfte>;j^mlty. Not 'a- y sfoifle must be diatu ifabiieqf lies which iiitti' Hav|s\ba»lt up on Irish It hp ijg≺ made very obvil of the kind will r cementing the fabric adding a few stones to it. If the Irish are not humble and deferential to the builders of the great imposture, they are ;to expect no other treatment than is familiar to them j if they do not admit the superior rights of Protestants to all good things in Ireland, or presume to question anything that has happened in accordance with that established principle, then they must take the consequences. And what these are this notice in the Argus very plainly illustrates. The historical lie will be obstinately repeated in de? fiance of all contradiction and proof, as when it is said that the Parliament of Tyrconnell devoted its days " to undoing all that the champions of civil and religious liberty had done the year before," though, r as a fact, King James was strongly in favour of religious equality, and denounced all violations of the rights of conscience as abhorwnt to him, and the first Act the Parliament passed was one for the fall establishment of liberty of conscience. r^L 1 ? 8 !? of "l>bing the Protestant S t ' \V e ? ac j e L d > in a spirit of perfect fairness, that tithes should be paid by each person to the pastor of-his own to fL ^/ t h e O^ngemani attaches whieh a , t h e reviewed Tn^^"^04 b 7 l i s . - d ] ° C t h e case of things under whioh all the ffi we£ to the Protestant minority. Hence if Irishmen are not willing to endorse those opinions, they neednot expect a reconciliation with the Britishers. At least everything possible will be done to prevent it, and, in pursuance of that object, their impudence in attempting to justify themselves in the past: is held np as proof that they are at present as little entitled to consideration as they ever were. There are narrow minds and mean souls whom such teaching will influence. In every community some illiberal sneaks and brutal bullies are to be found, tat honest Englishmeg^'^Sctitchmeo^ and Welshmen may be/trp$(edito talc; a' more correct and manly vj.ew 6f tlie ctaei' Jhey will think none/the'wor^e of Irishmen for their deteVmnatiafip ItfririSEJ: themselves before th&ydrld; by'pulliDg down the great fabrifi-iofiljea;of ^ujfo Hume, Macaulay, and been in modern times the -principal builders; but if it should be otherwise, Irishmen will persevere all the same in the work they have taken in hand, and they will do so without entertaining the very smallest doubt that the power of righting itself lies in their race, despite any opposition they may encounter. 