NEWS FROM BVNIWIiY. (From our Correspondent.) A grand concert was given in the Catholic schoolroom on Wednesday even ing last in aid of Michael Connor, who was disabled recently during the construction of the South-western line. Connor was one of thi gangers on the line, and had the mis fortune to lose his left arm through an ac cident. The schoolroom was crowded aud everything proved a great success. It has been estimated that there were over 500 persons present, and there is not the slightest doubt that it was the largest gathering that has ever assembled together in one room in Bunbury. Miss Daly un doubtedly carried off tho palm of the even ing, her charming singing being generally admired. Mr. Stafford's character songs were also very much appreciated. Mr. Parry's cornet solos w.r; an onnovation here and much applauded.. It is, believe, the first lime such an item lias been in cluded in i he pi o^ran e of a c- no 3 t in Bv n - buiy. The following was the programme :— Overture, Mr. Harper, ' Selections from the Grand Duchess ;' Glee, ' All among the Barley,' by Mesdames Turner and Stafford, the Misses Foss and Timperley and M'. Stafford ; song, Miss Alice Timperley, ' Come back to Erin ; ' cornet solo, Mr. Parry, 'The Silver Stream Polka' (this r -ceived an encore, for which Mr. Parry gave ' Alice, Where art thou) ; ' duet, Miss i'eedc and Mr. N. Moore, ' Very Improper Indeed ; ' song, ' Dear Bird of Winter,' Miss Daly (Miss Daly received an encore for this song, but owing to the lengthy nature of the programme she was unable to gratify the wish of the audience) ; violin solo, Mr. H. H. Hamley, ' Lor Concerto pour le violou par C. do Beriot ; song, Mr. Bradshaw. ' Out on the Deep ; ' song, Miss Foss, ?' Twickenham Ferry ; ' comic song, Mr. Banting, ' Eighteen Pence ; ' comic song in character, Mr. Stafford, ' The awful little Scrub' (Mr. Stafford received ;ui encore for this song, for which he gave a Yokel song, ' Tooralee'). After an interval of live minutes Miss Foss played an overture, ' The Ghost Melody.' This wa3 followed by a cdiuuj soivj in character, 'The Awkward Squad,' by Messrs. Banting, Bradshaw, Catlett and Caporn ; Song, Mrs. Turner, ' When the quiet Moon is Beaming.' Mr. Corbatt then gave a short ventriloquial entertainment. This was followed by a song by Miss Daly, ' The blind girl to her harp.' Miss Daly received an enthusiastic encore, for which she gave ' The beautiful island.' Cornet solo, Mr. Parry, ' Killarney.' Song and dance, Mr. Koiivcn, ' Donnybrook Fair.' Mr. Keaven received an encore, for which hc gave ' At the rising of the moon.' Mr. H. Weiss sang a negro character song, ' Poor thing.' Miss A. Timperley sang ' Who can say,' Mr. Hamley played a violin solo 'The Harp that once through Tara's Halls.' Character song, Mr. Stafford, 'The poor Chinee.' The National Anthem, played by Mr. Parry on the cornet, accompanied by Mr. Harper on the piano, brought the en tertainment to si close*. Tho Wellington Licensing Meeting Wii. held o:i June ;'-, before Mr. W. H. Timper ley, fi.M. (Chairman), and Messrs. It. II. IIosl1, sunr., and J. F. Johnston, J.P. W. B. Diamond applied for a license to keep the Wellington Hotel. Granted. Mr. A. Illingworth applied for a license to keep the Kose Hotel. Granted. D. Flood ap plied for a license to keep an hotel now in courso of construction near the jetty. The application was granted on condition that before opening the house should in spected by the police and receive their approval. The applicant was ordered to pay special attention to the- sanitary ar rangements of the house. A somewhat stormy discussion then ensued between .Mr. Kelly and the Licensing Bench with reference to the licensing1 of a wayside inn at Boyanup. It appears that at the last licensing meeting an application was made for a provisional certificate for this house, and it was granted on certain conditions relating to the height and construction of the building. This, Mr. Kelly pointed out to the Bench, was altogether beyond the powers given to them in the Licensing Act, which, although it gave them arbitrary powers in other respects, only allowed them to grant a provisional certificate in the e.ise of a publican's general license paying a license at the rate of .£40 per annum. Ho (Mr. Kelly) also complained bitterly of the manner in which applicants for a license for this house had been treated when they came to the Court to make the necessary arrangements for applying for a license. He pointed out that it amounted to little better than constant persecution. If possible he wanted to have the building licensed and not be driven into a corner and have to start what the law might call a bogus club. The Chairman after looking up the Act admitted that the Licensing Bench had acted irregularly in granting a provisional certificate. In reply to Mr. Kelly's remarks as ^o the treatment applic ants had received at the Court, he said that he was quite justified in warning applicants of the danger they were running if they came merely as a cloak for another man. Mr. Kelly replied that the Bench had nothing whatever to do with that — all they had to do was with the applicant. If fifty men were to come and tell the Bench that Kelly was really running the house, the Bench could only deal with the holder of the license. After some further discussion of a similar nature, Mr. Kelly said that he could see that he would be compelled to start a club ; It appeared that there were two laws in Bunbury, as regards the licensing Bench — one law for Kelly and another for all other applicants. The Bunbury Local Board of Health held their usual monthly meeting Isust Mon day evening. There was a full attendance of members. One of the principal matters brought under their notice was the report by the Inspector of Nuisances, in which he drew attention to the insanitary condition of Mr. North's cottages. The board appoint ed a committee to view the spot, and if necessary to take prompt aud decisive ac tion to do away with the nuisance. June 10. A very pleasing social was given last Monday in the Shearer Memorial Hall, un - der the auspices of the Rock of Safety Lodge, I.O.G.T. There was a large attend ance, the B--v. F-. Tremayne Dunstan occu pying the chair. A lengthy and excellent programme was rendered, songs being given by Mrs. Cuuimings, the Misses Letch and Cunningham, and Messrs. Wright, Lapsley, Gray, Cook, Arnold and Bennett. nfif'if'jfinii li\r IVI i» T-isi inn it' im mis? n liin n/\ c/ilr\ by Mr. Cobbledick were nlt-o given and much appreciated. A very effective tab leau was arranged at the close of the first part, called 'The Congress of Nations,' in which the following young ladies appeared : — Miss A. Smith (China), Miss Surtces (India), Miss Coekman (Persia), Miss Hard inge (Egypt), Miss Taylor (Greece), Miss Strutt (Rome), Miss Kirkham (Germany), Miss Cunningham (England), Miss Bu chanan (Australia), Miss Cameron (Ame rica), presided over by the goddess of pro hibition (Miss Murcutt). The prograuuue concluded with a dialogue entitled ' The Attractive Young Lady,' which caused a. deal of merriment. The entertainment was, on the whole, most successful, and further socials under the same auspices are likely to be given during the winter months. 