£Al& IUgECES SxKICTtT BeBSBT3J».3 WATOUILIES, ';S^;tEH£ ^1J33ffQE 0F . > ; .' r;; V& Son,) : J 4 /\H! i^pie, are you. going to the picnic this afternoon ?' said pretty Minnie :: .Astor, as she rushed into her cousin's room, flushed with the pleasurable excitement, one fine morning in August. *. ^ * I don't think I shall; I (don't know,' she replied. ' I Jaave nothing iifc to wear.' " * JTorahame. JMLe. Wliy, your poor cousin liereh&s; only two dresses, and you have such. ~ a lot--a whole wardrobe foIL' Effie shrugged her shonlders as she gazed into the mirror with, a discontented expression on her face, and answered, ' Well," I have . worn them until I am tired of them.' * Surely you could wear one of your dresses again," said Minnie. ; * Perhaps I could; but don't bother me. 1 liate to be bothered when I have nothing to put on that I have not worn before.' She glanced into the mirror again with the same expression on her face, and as she watched the masses of wavy, light hair fall around her as she brushed it, her countenance cleared. She thought surely that Charlie Emmot could not think her cousin Minnie prettifer than herself. Then she turned to jWinnin * Tee ; 1 will come this afternoon siie said. Effie Stott certainly was a pretty girl, or rather would hare been if she could have entirely rid herself of that dissatisfied and eelfieh expression which she habitually wore. She rarely harbored any pleasant thoughts, except when she was trying to nlease one or otker'of the sterner .sex. Shcdidnot improve herposition with the men by her undignified scowl. They ap-' peared to be fond of talking to her to a jcerfcain. extent, but she never made any listening im pression, save to cause them, on close ac quaintance, to fight shy of her. Minnie, on the contrary, was a high spirited girl, with a;lasting expression" that aeemed to indicate that she had not a care in the world.' She "was about two and twenty years ofage, an orphan, and she had resided «ver since she could remember anything in her aunt's house. Unlike l|er cousin, she was not wealthy, her total ineome being only suffi cient to keep her from absolute want. How ever, she -was quite contented with, her lot, and did not think it a very hard one, after alL Eveiybody liked Minnie Astor, except her girl acquaintances, many of whom detested her, chiefly, it must be admitted, because she was a general favourite with th^opposite eex. The men liked her because she was so natural In her manner, and they could talk to her without being made aware that they were too highly appreciated. Proportionately with the increased, admiration which was vouchsafed her by her male Mends her feminine acquain tance were the more jealous. ' WhafcBhall you wear, Minnie ?' asked Effie, presently. ' Axe you going to wear your white or your grey dress ? I wouldn't wear my white if I were you. I think it will rain.3 Inwardly she hoped it would rain, and that IWinnifi would wear her white dress, so that she would appear to considerable disadvantage In her wet and bedragglec condition. Minnie's dresses were not numerous. When she asked her coufiin if she intended to wear her white orher grey, Effie had mentioned the only two gowns tlje girl had to weare. The white one had been washed goodness knew how many times. % ' I shall wear my Jwliite one, and some flowers with it,' Minnie said, turning to go. * Oh, Minnie, you might come ana help me to chose a dress for myself/ called Effie, as Siertxrasin was leaving. i Certainly, Eflie, with pleasure.* And she wheeled about, and together the girls began to inspect the wrdxobe. *Wiiy, Effie/ said Minnie, 'you have heaps. Sieve is your fawn laceone, flow will that AoV j Effie turned up her nose evenhigher than it was-a feat one would have supposed to be almost impossible without turning it over lier bead altogether, as she replied: 'No; I never shall. What, wear one I have worn at a dozen garden parties tills sum mer !Not if I know it.' 'Oh, Effie. Why you only wore it at the HSrOTra's fete and «fc ike; bazaar j' ! ' WeJl> everybody has seen it, haven't ikey"?* Nonsense,looks beautiful too* * I shan't wear it, anyhow.' *Then there is the pale green.' 'That won't do, either. She inspection went; on for some tame, and > a eweet-Iooking pink muslin was upon. Effie thought that surely, in ; s,6he would be able Co keep Charlie'B { on all the afternoon. * - ) o'clockarrived jand the picnic, party * present at the rendezvous, with the inofMinnie. Ths girls voted for going i it away, but the gentlemen ere of «" opinion: and refused to proceed t her. This eettled matters, and- pres le came burying up wearing her' drees, »nd a large straw hat,) with white ribbon andnatural pink and <»rrymg a pretty bunch of rofiea in \ " ;3S!i^laieclher. walk she loo^d the very picture of j and beauty; «Feaious eyes, even/ could - powegrleeB to toake jealous go long «e iiis at tention !»ae fixed upon her. Chudie was a splendid ejzeeimen of an SneliBhman. He was not what anybody wobld exactly call -j feandeome,though lie could not be-called plai-i I He stood fire feet nine inchea in lieighL and j had a distinguished app -aranee whtcheould i not fail to attract find captivate. Moreover, j lie was the reputed possessor of a fortune in j itself sufficient to place him ab>Fe the vice. ; of envr. Consequently he was "aitiated with | the flattery ao£ anxious mothers and avaric- j ious maidens. . Minnie lie had seen some time before, and he had been a little uiquedL by her evident insensibility to liis advantages. It was a new experience to liim, and one calculated to in crease, if shejrad but known it, his growing love for her. To-dayvhe liad determined that; coine he wouldspeak to Iter and obtain an answer to an all-important Qnratioit Onarrivalat Winsford Towers, tbe party alighted, and lunehhon was served on "tbe lawn infronfc of 13le ruin. After lunch boat ing was proposed, and Effie teok care that Charlie should be her escort, leaving Minnie to one of the ineligiblea. By this means she thought to secure her own ends Bat woman proposes and man disposes.. The whole of those present then moved oti; to the boats except pretty ^Nellie Landsdowne and Frank Gregory, who had long been known to be numerous fathoms deep in love with, each other. They, dropped out of the line very, quieklv and retired to a quiet spot in the wood, How they spent tlueii time it boots not to inquire. ?*. The afternoon was warm and sultry and the coolest place seemed tot be on the water. That once reached the boat was rapidly filled. Effie had to tobe lielped into it by Charlieor . she ' would never have dared to go on the lake at all,1 she raid. Ifinnie on the other h&n;^IielpWheriwlfandwas seated in the boat before anyone had. the chance to come to her aid. Hhe oars were got out and a shady part was reached, and there to tlie ladies' delight were some Water lilies. To please them the gentlemen were all on the alert to obtain them. Eflie, by a crafty manoeuvre, gained possession not only of those she had plucked for herself, but of = those which Charlie had; got for Minnie, whilst she was only. able to get a solitary one. CharlLg would have plucked some more but there were none in sight. Minnie, though sorely disapointed, refused to show that she cared, and laughingly declar ed that «he did not want any more than she had.' Effie held to hers in her usual selfish fashion and declined to part with a single flower. Hie boat floated upon the surface of the lake for some time without the aidot the oars when they came to another duster of lilies. Minnie saw them first, the others being too busy talking or too idly lying down in the boat, to noticfe them. She leaned over, and in her attempt to pluck a fine specimen overbalanced herself and fell into the lake. .All was confusion immediately. Charlie alone strained his presence of mind, and diving into the water minus his coat and boots he endeavoured to rescue her. Tiiis jhe found some difficulty in doing, lie struck ont in Minnie's direction but she had fioated some little distance away, and )ub first snatch, at her dress was futile At lasthe managed to seize firmly hold of it whilst; the boat was being brought towards them. With some difficulty Minnie was drawn on board, but Charlie swam to land and leaving Minnie in the care of the others he himself ran to a farmhouse near and obtained a blanket in which to wrap her, and requested the farmer's -wife to geta bed ready for her. Then he hurried back and reachedher sidejust asjshe had returned to consciousness. Quickly folding the blanket round her he, with the aid of Fred I/ancaster, another mem ber of the party, carried, her to the house. Then, and not till then, did Charlie think of himself. He was offered a suit of corduroy which belonged to the farmer's eon, and he quickly divested himself of his wet garments and, encased in these he returned to his companions, .when he heard the news that Minnie was dangerously ill and a doctor had been sent for. Jjiitie fussy Doctor Davidson soon arrived and attended to the girl. It was some weeks, however, before she came round sufficiently for Charlie to see her, and he had several times been to the house , ere he was allowed that privilege. When hfe was, he found her looking. but the ghost of her former self. She Lad been allowed to get up for the first time fofr a few houTB. Though she was flushed with, excite ment at the idea of the interview, Charlie was unpleasantly struck with the alteration that had been made in. her cojmtenance by her weeks of illness. He was^boufc to make an observation to that effect when she inter rupted him with, 'Oh, I am so glad you have. come. I have BO wanted to thank you for saving my life. I do not know how I can repay the immense services you have done me.* * Shall l tell you?' asked Charlie as he re ached her side. She looked at him and rephedmthinMngly: ' Yes,5 Then slie blushed asjdie Bsirfaiseamest gaze. Her eyes sought the floor whilst he tdok a seat beside her, smdholdicg one of her - hands in his, he g&ul;:' <Kve me yourself.' ' I thought it was EfEe you preferred/ ehe said. * Effie! Why she is nothing but a dressed up doll. A fellow would tire of her in a week. It was you that I eared for all along, and- i£ -you do not many me J. shall not marry at alL" Orercome by the awful fate which might; overtake him in the levent of her refuging, Minnie consented to become his wife. The shades of evening fell ere he left her side, the time going rapidly as these tiro confessed again end again their love for each other. After this it did not tate Minnie long to recover her-healtii and strength, for jiiere is nothinglike happiness for restoring 3oth. In a few weeks she wedding-bells were pealing, and Effie, finding she could not be bride, made up her mind to be the next most important personage, chief bridesmaid. Her fate was not so happy as .Minnie's, for she had long determined to many for money and position. She did marry for both, and obtained them through an old peer, but she zapidely lost her beauty, becoming every day sourer and sourer, until in less than two yeare she would have been voted ah old woman by those who did not know that she; was barely twenty-four. Minnie and Charlie, happy ineaeh other's love, which now they shared with a little heir, grew younger every -day, until their friends were almost ready to believe that they were yeare younger than when they were married. 