FICTION. " ?--- :0: -?- ??? from ESUKllit-, Amarlcnu, and Ottiar PcrludleaW, PAULINA LISLE. PART SECOND. CHAPTER IX.-(Continued.) Lord Montalien got up to go with a smile, hold- ing out his hand in farewell. " Good-bye for the present, Miss Lisle. I shall call again to-morrow. By that time you will probably have convinced yourself that it is a very pleasant reality. You, and your good friends here, shall fix the time of your departure. I shall not Tiurry you, but I shall certainly expect you, during your stay in Speckhaven, to be a constant visitor at the Priory." Polly (bought of Allan Fane and Miss Hautton, and flushed all over her fair face. * Or why not make your home altogether at the Priory during the few weeks you remain ?" urged Lord Montalien. " It is your home now and for the future, you know, and I need not tell you how charmed we all will be." " And leave Duke and Rosanna !" Polly said, looking at him in wonder. " Oh, no, no, my lord. Thank you very much all the same." " At least you will come to see us every day ?" Polly shook her head. " You will dine with us then once before you go. Don't be obstinate, Miss Lisle, and force me into the role of tyrannical guardian so soon." "Well-if you insist-but-" Her reluctance was very visible. It was not shyness that he saw. If the girl had been born in a palace her manners could not have been more simple, more natural, more unaffectedly easy. What was it ? Lord Montalien wondered. " You know some of my people, I think," he said ; " Francis and Guy tell me they are acquainted with you, and Allan Fane is quite an intimate friend." He was watching her closely, and the rosy light sbone again in the sensitive face. That was it! The peer understood at once that Mr. Fane had been quite an " intimate friend." " When I come to-morrow," he said, moving to the door, " I shall fetch Gripper (Gripper's your lawyer, my dear), and he has come here to draw up the necessary documents appointing me your guar- dian, and to explain to you the circumstances under which you come into your fortune. They are somewhat unusual, but, considering your father's story, very natural. Now, my dear, good-day to you. Doa't lose your appetite and sleep, thinking of this fairy fortune. But where is the use of advising you ? Of course you will." Polly laughed. She was disposed to like this pleasant new guardian already; and, indeed, it was no hard task for most women to like Lord Mont- alien. She watched him out of sight ; then she went slowly into the house. She opened her letter and read it again. Her father lived, and from over the wide sea spoke to her those sweet, solemn words of fatherly love ; the first she had ever heard. Again the great tears welled up into the blue eyes. Sbe stretched forth her arms with an involuntary cry : " Oh, father ! father ! Come home !" Only once in the letter he spoke of her mother. " Your mother lives, my child," he wrote ;*" a lady of rank and title, the wife of another man. But in your heart there must lie no hard thoughts of her. Weak she may have been- guilty, never. She believed, believes still, that Robert Lisle is dead sb I am to her. One day I may return to England and my precious daughter." She kissed the letter, put it in her bosom, and went in search of her friends. Rosanna was bustling about the kitchen, looking unutterably grim and stern to hide all she felt. " Duke's upstairs," she said, curtly to the girl, and turned her back upon her. Strong-minded the spinster undoubtedly was, but she was not strong enough to bear the sight of Polly just then. Duke was painting and smoking furiously always a sign of great mental disturbance. He looked round from his work and smiled, rather a ghastly smile of greeting. " Well, Duchess !" " Well, Duke !" She came over and stood beside him, resting one hand caressingly on his shoulder. No need to tell her what Rosanna's grimness and Duke's silence meant ; she understood them perfectly, and loved them better in this hour tban ever before in her life. " Who knows but I have been a prophet ?" the scene-painter said, still trying to speak gayly. *« You may be a duchess yet, Miss Lisle. I suppose it is the correct thing to call Lord Montalien's ward and the heiress of eighty thousand, Miss Lisle." " Duke !" He dropped his brush and held out hiB hand. " I wish you joy, Duchess-upon my soul I do ! And I hope you'll bo as happy in your new life as- as I have tried to make you in this. You're going away, my dear-going away, to come back no more. but I know you will not quite forget Duke and Rosanna." His voice broke. He dropped her hand and walked away to the window to hide the tears of which his manhood was ashamed. Two white arms .were about his neck in an instant, two warm lips impetuously kissing his averted face. "Duke! Duke! dear old Duke! the best, Hie kindest friend ever was in this world ! Forget you and Rosanna ! Why, what a horrible little monster you must think me ! And I don't know what you mean talking about my going away, never to come hack! If I were Queen Victoria's ward, and heiress of fifty hundred million pounds," cried this impetuous young woman, " I should come back just the same. This is my home-at least until my father returns from California to chun me. His right is first, and most sacred. Ob, Duke ! to think Polly Mason Bhould ever have had a father !" Duke smiled in apito of himself. « It is extraordinary. I should like to have told Sou ages ago, but you see I was bound by promises j to both, and dared not." « Promises to both. That means my mother, I suppose?" " Your mother. Tes, Duchesa." " Tell me all about her, Duke. My mother ! how strange it sounds ! What waa she like ? Was she handsome? Am I like her? That sounds con- ceited, I am afraid, but I don't mean it so." " She was-she is beautiful, and you are not in the least like her. You have your father's face and eyes, and a very good face and eyes they are. Her eyes were black, and she was smaller than you." He spoke dreamily, thinking of the great, de- spairing black eyes that had looked at him so lately, full of woman's uttermost woe. " Duke, I don't think I like my mother. She must have been weak and cold- hsarted. Why did she give me up ? Why did she marry that other man ? I habe to think of it even. Why was she not faithful through all things-to death-to the husband and child she loved ?" The girl's eyes flashed-the rosy light so quick to come and go, under that transparent skin, lit her gipsy face once more. " Don'tyou blame her, Duchess," Duke answered, gravely, " since she did it for your sake. She would have preferred death to marrying Sir ? I mean, I mean, marrying again on her own account. Shu sacrificed herself for you. You were taken from her at your birth j she knew you lived, but nothing more, and she yearned to possess you. She feared for you more than she cared for herself -for you future happiness, life even ¡ and when you were made the price of her sacrifice she con- sented. She had borne imprisonment, even cruelty, rather than yield. She was never more faithful to the husband she thought dead than in the hour when he saw her at the altar, the bride of another man ; for she sacrificed her own lifo to save his child. She gave you to me-with me she knew you would be safe, at least, and she dared not keep you herself. Your mother íb the purest, the noblest, the most injured woman on earth ; a martyr, Duchess, as Burely as ever suffering made a martyr. Don't you blame her-I cannot bear to heir you." ** You loved my mother like this, Duke ?" " I reverence her, Miss Lisle. I pity her as I never pitied anyone in my life. She is very, very unhappy." " Is-is her husband unkind to her ?" " I am afraid so, my dear. And she knows you live, and she loves you, and must live apart from you, and deny you a mother's caro. Is that not enougho£ itself?" " Duke," Polly Baid entreatingly, " tell me her name. Do ! Let me go to her- only once, over so secretly, and kiss her, and tell her I love her, and am sorry for her, too. Do ! Oh, Duke, if you ever cared for your little Duchess, whom you are going to lese, tell me her name !" She clasped her arms once more around his neck ¡ she coaxed him with tears and kisses. The stiong man trembled under that clasp. " I can't, Duchess-don't ask me. God knows I would refuse you nothing if I could, but it must not be. You don't know what you ask ; be con- tent. Love her as much as you like-she is worthy of it all-and hope for the best. But the day when you may know your mother and go to her is not yet. Look here ,. I have kept this for you for four- teen years. Your mother gave it to me on the night I saw her first." He drew forth the opal ring and slid it on one of Polly's slim, ringless fingers. " It is yours, my girl j -wear it for your mother's sake." " And it is all I may ever know of her," Polly sighed. " It is all very sad and very strange. I used to think it would be beautiful to bave a history-to be a heroine of romance ; and now I am, and somehow it saddens me more than any thing ever did before. To think that I should have n mother who dare not acknowledge me ; that some day I may meet her, and look at her, and not know her. To think that I should have a father, an exile, a lonely, solitary wanderer in those wild, far off lands, who has lost wife and child, through no fault of his, and who may never return. But I will go to him, if h6 does not come to me. Yes, Duke, when my two years school-life are ended, if he does not return to me I will go to him. It will be like ' Elizabeth and the Exile to Siberia' over again. And now I shall go straight this very mo. ment, and answer his dear, darling letter." Which she did on the spot, dashing off page after page in an impetuous, running hand. There was no end of love, and no end of blots, and scores of notes of exclamation, and doubtful spelling and grammar ; but when one's heart is full to overflowing, and one is a young person of sixteen, what does a little broken* orthography or syntax signify? Polly's heart was in the right place, if her words were cot ; and probably Mr. Robert Lisle, out in San Fran- cisco, smiled a {rood deal over this epistle, even with the tears in his eyes. The news spread like wild-fire. Before the summer stars came out that night, every man> woman, and child in Speckhaven knew that Polly Mason was an heiress, and not Polly Mason at all* The heiress had rushed headlong to see her friend Alice, and tell her her wonderful news, and ex. hibited her ring and her father's picture, which Miss Warren had seen scores of times before, and promised her unlimited jewellery and dry-goods, when she came into her fortune. " And when I leave school you shall come and live with me, Alic<", if you're not married," Polly cried; "and when I'm gone you must write me long, long letters ¡ and I shall ask Lord Montalien for enough of my fortune to buy a locket for my picture, and some of ray hair, to leave you. And oh, Alice ! I don't believe I shall ever sleep a wink again for thinking of it, as long as I live !" Her dreams were rather broken that night, and it seemed to her the new day would never dawn. She half feared the vision would meit away in the darkness, and she would awake to find herself little Polly Mason again, instead of Miss Paulina Lisle. Paulina Lisle ! she repeated the pretty name over and over again with intense, childish ecstasy. She had hated her name of Polly so, she had so longed for some beautiful, stately appellation, and lo ! here she had it. I believe her new name gave her tenfold more pleasure than the thought of her noble inheritance. Lord Montalien came over next day with Mr. Gripper, which legal gentleman produced docu- ments tied with rod tape, and read them solemnly aloud to his bewildered little client. It was all Greek to Polly, except one or two conditions which her mind grasped in passing. She was Lord Montalien's -ward until she should come of age or marry. If Lord Montalien died before either of those events, a new guardian, previously appointed by him, was to exercise authority. And in the hour of her marriage, whether Bhe married with or without the consent of her guardian, or during her minority, her fortune became absolutely her own thenceforth. This was the proviso which his lordship had men- tioned on the previous day as unusual. It was easy enough, by the light of Robert Lisle's own history, to understand it-it was to save her from I bet mother's fate. How little he dreamed in pro- viding that saving clause for the happiness of the daughter he loved, how much trouble, and shame, and remorse, it was to cause her in the days to come! The people from the Priory called upon Lord Montalien's ward with congratulations and cordial expressions of good-will. Mr, Francis, whom Polly did not like, Mr. Guy, whom she admired and liked very much, and Sir Vane Charteris, who repelled her with his coarse mouth and fulsome compli- ments. The girl wondered why he looked at her with such intensity, his small, black eyes seeming to devour her. His little daughter came with him, beautifully dressed, and much more gracious than on that other memorable occasion. Sir Vane expressed his regret that Lady Charteris could not have the happiness of making Miss Lisle's charming acquaintance. Lady Charteris was ill, confined to her room-a nervous, hysterical attack, but would probably be able to travel on the morrow, when he proposed returning to town to consult an eminent physician on the state of her health. . Miss LiBle listened very coldly, she disliked him and his daughter, and was relieved when they went away. Miss Hautton also called with her kinsman, Lord Montalien, elegant of costume, indisputably high- bred and patrician, but looking more elderly and faded than ever by contrast with that fresh, bright face. Mr. Allan Fane did not call-he was eating his very heart out with rage and baffled love. Retribution had come very swiftly to the tailor's ambitious son. Lord Montalien's ward, obeying the behests of her guardian, spent one evening at the Priory. Only one-Duke and Rosanna must have all the rest. She went dressed in white tarletan (white was the proper thing for a heroine), with a blue ribbon in her amber curls, and a blue belt around her slim waist. And she looked lovely ! The white arms and neck glimmered through the flimsy tarletan, and there was a flush on her cheeks and a 1 light in her eyes. She entered those stately rooms a guest, an equal, she who had beeu Polly Mason last week ; and she sat at Lord Montalien's right hand at dinner, and was the little queen of the feast. The dishes at that dinner were of " such stuff as dreams are made of." She had things put on her plate, and she ate them, and wondered inwardly all the while what on earth they could be. She drank some sparkling Moselle, and she had a slice of pineapple, and did not maka one single mistake. She was not awkward, she was in no way embarrassed, neither was she in the least forward. Altogether she was charming, and Lord Montalien was secretly fascinated by his little ward. "How true and clear she rings!" he thought; " if she had been bred a countess her manners could not be more simple and perfect. What a charming little rosebud she is, and how gloriously destined to bloom in the future !" Allan Fane sat opposite "Miss Lisle" at dinner, with the faded eyes of his high-born betrothed fixed icily upon him. He was pale- and cold, and sat silent at the banquet, with the fabled vulture of Prometheus gnawing at his vitals ! This beauti- ful little heiress might have been his, in this hour, and he had given her up, and bound himself to a woman he did not and never could love. " It might have been." He had wrought his misery with his own hand. If Polly thirsted for vengeance on this recreant lover of hers, she had it. But she did not ; she had met him with a smile of perfect pro- voking good humour and forgiveness. He was so utterly indifferent to her now that she had no room in her heart for him even to wish him unhappy. He might marry Miss Hautton to-morrow, and she would go to his wedding with pleasure. He knew it, too; no woman's eyes ever looked so frankly into the eyes of n man for whom she cared one straw. In the drawing-room after dinner, with some little urging, Polly sang. She did not mind sing- ing at all, but she only played accompaniments of her own ; she did not understand the piano. " What does that matter, Miss Lisle ?" said Guy Earlscourt, " who cares for the accompaniment ? I know you can sing-I've heard you." Polly laughed, and blushed at the remembrance. " That song has haunted me ever since, I assure you. Sing it again, Miss Lisle, and exercise it." , He led her to the piano, and she obeyed: Her sweet, clear voice filled the rooms. With proper training, that voice alone might have made her fortune. She sang again " County Guy." Ah, County Gay. the hoar is nigh, The Bun has left the lea ; The orange flower perfumes the bower, The breeze is on the eea ; The lark whose lay has trilled all day Sits hushed, his partner nish ; Breeze, bird, and flower confesa the hour, But where is County Guy? He was beside her, bending over her, his dark, dreamy, Italian eyes fixed on her face. What did Guy Earl scour t think of her? In days to come did that sweet, youthful face haunt his dreams ? In the girl's memory that night lived forever, the first of her new existence, and there were hours when Guy Earlscourt's dark face rose up before her, like the face of a reproachful ghost. She never forgot it, nor him, as he Btood there beside her, the dark beauty of bis Southern face, and his jet-black hair, such a marked contrast to her own. How handsome he had looked ! How happy she had been! She had reason to remember it, bitterly, in the years to come. Allan Fane, hovering afar off, took his punish- ment in sullen silence. He had lost her himself, but that was no reason why he should not be savagely jealouB of every other man on whom she smiled. Guy had been his warmest friend-he felt as loyally toward him as it was his shifting, Belfish nature to be loyal to anyone, but he could have murdered him to-night. This girl, his father's ward, with her noble fortune, her peerless beauty, would be one day Guy Earlscourt's wife, and he He looked with sudden, angry eyes at Diana Hautton, with her three-and-thirty years and her faded face, and walked out of the room and out of the house. The soft summer rain was falling : he never heeded it. He lighted his cigar, and walked up and down under the fragrant trees, > up and down, up and down. It giew late. Miss Lisle was driven home-she insisted upon it. He heard the last sounds of the wheels that boro her away, and then he flung himself on the wet grass, face down- ward, and knew he had lost forever the happiness of his life. 