GENERAL NEWS. The Premier says it is surprising what a large number of Germans there are in the: colony. He signed 25 papers for their naturalisation nearly every week. He had no objection to them as they made good colonists and assisted materially in the development of the- country. Mr, W. Btead, proprietor of the Roview of .Rviewe, and keeper of the Nonconfosmist conecience, has become an out-and-out spiritualist-an avowed prophet of the occult. He solemnly tells us that when sitting all alone at his editorial desk the ghosts of the dead lean over his shoulder and impel his pen and hand to write mystic spirit messages to the materialised world. The question of adding dressed poultry to than list of ftnzrn exports from Melbourne, has boon receiving considerable attention of late, In. atruetions were forwarded some weeks agn to the Agent-General, to make inquiries respecting the opening up of a market in England. Recently the Premier received a letter from Sir Andrew l0arke, stating that inquiries made showed that poultry was most scarce in the months of February, March, April, and May, and that, pro* vided yousg birds of first-clase quality wele sent, there would be a demand for them at good prices. We get carbon from the sun, and where this element of plant food is added to the soil it does not produce a single grain more wheat or corn than if it had been left out altogether. But it is quite different with ammonia, phoe. phorio acid and potash. And where we eell £40 worth of wheat at se 3d per bushel we ship off the farm about £12 worth of these elements. It on the other hand a £40 horse is sold we elsl only about 80s worth of these fertilizers; and in £40 worth of butter there is ecarcely any fertilizer lost. In a ton of clover hay there is £2 worth of the elements of plant food above enu merated. Farmers should be careful about what they sell if they would retain soil fertility. The proportionate increase of popula. tion in the Australian colonies has been checked during the last year, and especially is this the case with Victoria whose natural increase by preponder. acle of births: over deaths has been more than counterbalanced by the emigration. The emigration too has diminished mostly the class of able bodied men in the prime of life, so that the drain is must injurious to the country. With all its difliaulties New South Wales has not neared that low level. Tle natural incorease is not diminished, and the emigration is not severe. The immigration however is not equal to that of former years. It is 'remunerative employment which attraeks meu, and of courseo these will not coma where capital cannot afford them wages, and business is slack, Yet New Zealand appears to prosper, and all her affairs public and private are prosperous. A good story is. going round about a certain member of Parliament and the Hunter flood relief funds. The mem Leorin question posted a cheque for two guineas to a local committee, and then forwarded a telegram notifying the fart,. In traunmihsion unfortuuntely tho telegurm was nut'ilated, and tho umenber was horrifi d to see noliliod in h. nrxt ;eauo of the local paeor, that hI h,,d su?enritwd kna gtuio.e. I'. fther tstwward dan't you see. 