-Coining at once; only a few steps behind us,' promptly answers Mrs. Ber rien. 'Bun in, major; I'll wait for Nita.' Berrien looks as though he medi tated a mischievous remark, but some thing in her voice and manner tells him that instant obedience is expected. He gives one quick glance and steps into the hall. Presently, while chatting with others of the arriving party, he is conscious of the swish of skirts passing up the stair way. The door to the veranda is still open, and glancing out Berrien can see Rolfe alone leaning against one of the wooden pillars, his head drooping as though plunged in deep thought. 'Poor old chap! he's got his conge to night, and that's the end of his two years' romance. Odd about that girL She fancies nobody.' Three hours later, the moon being well up in the heavens now, and the whole parade shining revealed almost as bright as day, both the verandas and the parlor of Hazletfs cozy home are thronged with officers and ladies, chat ting merrily together. The lights are still blazing in the barracks. The trum peters in full force are grouped about the flagstaff sounding the last notes of tattoo. The Holdens have borne Miss Guthrie away with them, that the ladies might stow their evening gowns in the waiting Saratogas and then don their traveling garb while the quartermaster's big wagon trundles the luggage down to the railway station. Presently this lum bering vehicle cau be seen slowly roll ing away from the Holdens' gate, and everybody at Hazlett's waits impatient ly for the return of the party. Mrs. Holdenis deservedly a favorite in the garrison, and Nita Guthrie, as has been said, has won golden opinions. The evening air is growing chill, however, fmd of the dozen ladies present only the feptmger, the girls, remain longer upon Ore veranda. About this pretty group, laughing and (Om&utg;, are four or Ave of the younger officers, Brewster, 'the swell of the subs,' keeping close to Winifred Ber rien, and claiming more and more of the glances of her big dark eyes. Down at the gate, the moonlight glinting on his polished saber, the officer of the day is exchanging a few low toned words with Major Berrien. Rolfe, who with silent and dogged resolution has taken his place at Miss Guthrie's side as she came down the stairs and escorted her to the doctor's, has turned from there and gone slowly across the parade to his own quarters on the other side. Everybody ;o see and know what has kap ; med. and many hall' whispered com ments are being made, not all in sym 'hy with the willo wed lover. Every ?y respects Rolfe, yet among the ig-r officers are several who feel no a .:i of friendship for him, and, as ?- a man and man, garrison girls . ? : 1/ side with the youngsters. ? story of iheir slight differences ia told again and again; the eldei:- seldom, for theirs would hardly be b..liev„u. ?ckile by little the cbat and laughter subside. 'Oh, why doesn't she come back?' pouts Miss Berrien. 'The ambulances will be here in less than half an hour, and we won't see anything of her.' A ! chor ; - ' f girlish voices echoes Winifred's | view- Mi--. Berrien and Mrs. Parker ; at ih;a moment come forth from the ! house and look expectantly up the road. 'How long they are!' says Winnie again. 'Wkaccau keep them, mamma?' 'Packing, I doubt not, my child.' 'But the wagon's gone, trunks and alk It can't be that.' 'Still, I would not fret about it, Win nie. Has she not promised to come next Bpring and pay toe a long visit?' 'Yes, bos who knows where we. may all be next spring, or what may happen meantime! Every paper we get Is rail of stories of the gh&st; dances among tire Sioux, and If there should be another In dian war' ? , 'Nonsense, Winifred! Don* think of such a thing. After aR this regiment has had to suffer in Indian battle, ypu . don't suppose we. of ajl others, would be sbnt from here to a winter campaign . in the northern department? W^rs seen the last of such troubles, God joe thanked!' ' i Major Berrien, his interriew with 'th'e ! officer of the day ended, has Just started j to rejoin the group on thfe veranda when he hears his wife's pious worda He whirls around sharply. , ? ... 'Oh, captain, there's one f for got to tell you.' . And tlie saber of the officer of the day clanks against his leg as Captain Porter faces about. The younger officers go on with their blithe chat; but Mrs. Belrien has tnb'ivn hex lord twenty long years, and no eoonei has the officer of the day departed tbttw she hastens to join him. 'Dick,' she filters, '♦Surely .you ido not believe : th^t there is any chance of the Twelfth going,. eveq if there should he trouble? Diclr, tell me.' 'Berengaria, beloved inquisitor,' he begins, 'I didn't even know there was a row anywhere.' But she rebukes him by a single glance. 'Tell me, Dick,' she persists, and clings to his arm. 'Yon don't think, after all we've been through, that, now that we are so happily settled here, there is a possibility of such a thing? It isn't only for myself now. It's— it would mean more to Winifred than either of us dreams of.' He looks at her in silence and afnaze. Then— then comes sudden distraction. On the stillness of night there rises a scream of terror — a woman's voice up lifted in the expression of an awful shock and agony. Then a dash toward HoMop's quarters, every man joining. ??My vjoai snouts camen, 'it's JNita Guthrie.' Following the rush of soldiers' feet, half a dozen ladies, too, have hastened, Winifred Berrien foremori; of the lot. At the head of the stairs, on the landing of the second floor, dressed for her jour ney, lies the fair guest of the regiment, a senseless heap, with the blood flowing fram underneath her pallid face. CHAPTER EL 'TV hen did you shave off your beard, eeraeantt' Indian summer was over and done with. The soft haze had gone. For three days the wind had been blowing hard from the northwest and the air was as clear as an Arizona sky, the dis tant outlines sharp as the tooth of the prairie blast. Colonel Farquhar had suddenly broken off his shooting trip, and, without saying why, returned to the post. Captain Rolfe had 'cut' the dub. onoe a favorite resort, and was much in Dr. Holden's company — Holden, who was lonely enough now that his wife and little ones were gone. Through out the garrison there was one leading topic for conversation and conjecture Miss Guthrie's strange adventure the night of her intended departure and her equally strange conduct thereafter. She had remained senseless bat a few mo Gentle hands had raised and borne her to the bed in the room she was evidently just about entering when suddenly halt ed by some mysterious cause. Here, when restored to consciousness, an al most hysterical attack of laughing and weeping had followed upon her prostra tion. bhe insisted on attempting to rise and go to the train, as originally planned, but this Holden positively forbade. He had succeeded in stanching the flow of j the blood from a jagged cut near the temple, and could suggest ready theory I as to the cause thereof — in falling she ' had probably struck the edge of the lit- j tie wooden post at the top of the bains- j ters— but beyond this explanation there was absolutely nothing. Nita Guthrie ! would only account for her sudden ter- ' ror by the half neivonn, half laughing statement that she thougiit she saw a ghost, had played the coward and turned , to run. i But to the trained physician it was ; evident she had received a severe shock, j Despite her pleadings Dr. Holden had re- : fused to allow her to attempt the jour- 1 uey until three days had elapsed, during ' which time, though she laughed at Ltirn j and laughed at heiv.tlf, her condition . continued so nervous and excitable that ! he would not permit visitors to 6ee her This was pretty hard treatment, thought her many lady friends at the post, but ' he was wise and they could only obey I When the evening came for the depar- I ture a large contingent, ladies and offi- I cers both, assembled to say farewell, and j Nita, Mrs. Holden, pach of the children find even the nurse could have had two or three escorts to the train. But no one had opportunity to Bay much to the cen tral -figure of all this sympathetic inter est. Only at the last moment did she appear, and was ushered almost instant lyf» the waiting carriage by Holden. who had only summoned her when vigi lant eyes had reported the headlight of the express, visible far up ttie valley But then down at the dark platform of the station faithful, sad faced Rolfe was 'waiting, and in the minute or two that intervened before the huge train came glaring, hissing and thundering along side he managed to have a word or two with her. .Mrs. Vance, had she been present, might have vowed that Nita shrank and clung to Holden's arm, but others who were there saw her extend her gloved hand cordially,, saw that Rolfe clung to ? it ku instant— charitable outers who could only wave adieu, for the party was j hurried aboard, and away wept the ex- i press, the tail lights of the rear sleeper disappearing in the drippuig gloom afopnd the bend, for, as though in sym pathy with the mourning of the post, a drizzling rain had began to fall just after retreat. Rolfe, gazing after them to the last, wore that look seen on the face of many another man many another time. There can be few sensations more dismal than that of watching the disap pearing lights of the train that bears away one's best beloved, especially in the eyes of him who stands rejected. 'Let me drive you home, Rolfe,' said Holden kindly, 'Two of a kind,' was his mental addition. And Rolfe turned slowly away, neither man saying an other word until once more they stood at the gate of the now deserted home. 'Come in and have a pipe.' 'Thanks, not— now, doctor.' A long, wistful pause, then— 'Well, good night.' 'Good night, old man. Come when you will; I'll be lonely now.' And the doctor stood and gazed after him long and earnestly as the captain 6trode into the darkness out over the parade. witmn tne aays tnat rcmowea, when he had leisure to think it all over, Holden felt his perplexities increase. Up to the very last Nita had persisted in her state ment that nothing had. happened to war rant the absurd exhibition she had made of herself. 'I was overwrought, nerv ous, unstrung,' 6ke said. 'I had not been feeling quite well. I had run up to the room for my gloves, which I had left upon the table. I had not reached the door, and it was just the waving of those white curtains in the draft from the side window. 1 must have thought I saw a ghost, and, like a fool, I scream ed and tripped, and— voila tout.' But Holden had known her for six years and felt well assured she was not of the stuff that is easily stricken with terror. With every confidence in her veracity in general he did not in the least believe her now. The more he studied the matter he felt that she was hiding something from them one and all, even from Jennie, whom she dearly loved and whom ordinarily she frankly trusted. It was evident that Jennie, too, believed, as did her husband, the doctor, that there was something behind it all. But Jenuie was gone, and, except possibly Rolfe, there was no one to aid him in his search after the truth. Rolfe'a heart was now so shrouded in its own gloom that any phase of tragedy seemed credible. Rolfe evidently wanted to know Holden's suspicions or surmises, and again and again led up to the sub ject; but of all men in the garrison, much as he esteemed him, Rolfe seemed hardly the man to make a confidant of now. Was he not Nita's avowed though rejected lover? or course, no time had been lost in making investigation ou the night of the occurrence. Even while the doctor and others were raising the unconscious girl from the floor, half a dozen officers were scouring the premises for signs of intruders and had found absolutely nothing. The room occupied by Miss Guthrie in the doctor's house was imme diately to the left at the head of the stairs. The hall was broad, the landing roomr. It was one of the oldest sets of quarters at the post, and an oddity in its way. Entering the door of the rear room on the east, three windows ap peared, two opening at the back and one at the side. The two at the back looked out over the roof of the rear porch. It was perfectly practicable for any one with a ladder to have clambered to this roof, and, had the blinds been open, peered in the windows at the occu pant. But there was no ladder. What was more, the blinds were tight shut and bolted on the inside. The shades within were drawn down, and the lace curtains looped over each. Between them stood a long, old fash ioned mirror above the toilet table, draped with lace curtains very much as were the windows themselves. No one [ from without could have been visible to ! an}' one within. No one wuinu could j have been seen by any one without. ; Moreover, the Huldeus' cook — an indem- ; itable Irishwoman— was on the back ? porch at the moment of Miss Guthrie's ! fright saying good night to Corporal : Murphy, who had long been Kathleen's devoted admirer, and both stood ready i to swear that nobody was on that roof. , The rear windows thus disposc-d of, the I doctor had turned his attention to the , window at the side, and here there was , possibility of explanation. j As has been 6aid, the Holdens' house . was one of the oldest at the old frontier fort, but so solidly and substantially hud it been built that, when others were con- 1 demned and. ordered replaced along the j row, the authorities had decided to re- 1 tain 'Bayard Gall.' It was originally a double set, with hallway in common, intended for the use of four bachelor officers, each to have his two rooms, there being four rooms on the first and tour on the second floor, while the kitchen and servants' rooms were placed in a wooden addition at the rear. The ground fell away rapidly from the front piazza, so that while the first floor front was bnt a few steps higher than the walk, the rear porch was a full story above the ground, giving abundant space for storerooms, etc., under that part of the house, and necessitating a flight of a dozen steps to reach thp porch or the kitchen doorway. Aroqhd the front and sides of the second story there ran originally, a broad gallery, bqt this was before the days of the wax of the re bellion, during which the post was lit tle used, and when, after certain repairs and alterations, the house was declared assignable as family quarters, the old, wooden gallery bad been condemned and torn down. Nevertheless, the beams which, were its support on the east were i found solid and firm. They projected through the wall . of ? rough hewn stone, and an old time quar termaster, selecting the house for his own use, had thrown a light gallery out ; upon them. It made such a convenient place for flower pots, shrubs, bathtubs and things of that description, said he. j Furthermore it was a place where he could go in the warm evenings and smoke and sip his toddy with his chosen associates, and not have every garrison 1 gabbler crowding in to disturb their chat and absorb his precious Mononga- , hela. The gallery had no roof, was only j five feet wide and was inaccessible except through this one window, which the un- ' sociable major had had cut down level with the floor. 'Robbers' Roost' the disdainful subalterns used to call it in the days when bluff old Blitz had occu pied the quarters and barred out all but his chums, and by the same name was it known when Holden moved in with his wife and olive branches and took up his abode there a few years before the open in&of; thi^story. When tlie Eleventh marched out and ' the Twelfth came in, Colonel Farquhar, ? finding the doctor in possession, decided I that the Holdens should not be disturbed : 1— that there was abundant room for others in the new quarters. The Hol dens entertained a great deal. Pleasant people were visiting them month after month, and everybody in the Twelfth blessed them for the brightness and gay $ty their presence lent to the garrison. A sterling fellow was Holden, one of the best men in one of the very best corps, personally and professionally, in our Ut jtie army; and as for his wife, an accom plished society woman, a St. Louis belle, Still in the heydey of youthful woman hood, everybody in the garrison delight ed in her friendship and kindliness. There was no more popular parlor than Holden's, and night after night the young | officers gathered there. But 'Robbers' floosfc' had fallen into disuse. The glass door was generally shut, and the Vene tian blinds with which old Blitz had decorated it were ordinarily closed ex cept when this, one of their two guest chambers, was occupied. Shades and laoe curtains similar to those at the rear windows draped it within, so that from the interior this Bide door presented al most the same appearance as the win dows themselves, and it stood directly Opposite the hall door. But Miss Guthrie had become enthusi astic over the lovely view down the Pawnee valley from that side gallery. She was frequently to be seen there. She had gone oat for one farewell look as the valley lay flooded in the light of the full moon, and this was immediately after changing her dress. She was exclaiming over its beauty as arrayed for her jour ney she came dancing down the stairs to join her hostess and the excited children in the parlor. She suddenly missed her gloves, remembered that she had left them in her room, had scurried up the stairs, had reached the landing at the top, but never entered her room at all, when there was heard that awful shriek of terror and a heavy falL Holden at the instant was in his own room, the tear room on the opposite side of the house, and was changing his best uni form into something more suitable for a run down to the railway. This had delayed him a second or two, so that Brewster and Randolph, two of the most active of the junior officers, were foremost at his heels as he flew up the Btairs. His first care was for Nita, but the youngsters had bounded into the room and out on the gallery, as though expecting to overtake some intruder there. The side door was wide open, the shade up, the lace curtains drawn apart. If any one had been in the room escape to the gallery was easy enough, but from there there was practically uoue except by a leap of fifteen or twenty feet to the hard ground below. No one had run out, either front cr back, for Murphy and the Irish cook were at the rear on the east siae, me rnsnnig swarm Of officers at the front. If any one had hidden there escape unobserved was well nigh impossible. No one was found — no trace , of anyone. Indeed, when Nita was per- j mitted to talk she vowed that no one j had be6u there. She herself had left j the blinds, door and curtains open as she j came in from the moonlit gallery, had | turned out her lamp and descended the j stairs. The gallery doorway cculd not I be seen from where she fell, and as all j was darkness in the room itself, how could have seen any one? I Out on the gallery, of course, any one would have been revealed, thanks to the brilliancy of the fall moon, almost as in the broad glare of day; but one had to be at the hall door or in the square room itself in order to see the gallery at all, and Nita deoU^taed, as before, that she ' had Dot reached the door. What she fancied was a gbo*t, hotbed in a pale, cold light, was pmbpifly the white curtains of the rearwbodo^ta. Bat the light— whence cansJutt 3&e; possibility of any ope having been In the . room was not entertained. Prompt and thorough search had been mud* in every nook and corner of the the upper story. The rooms of the nurse i and children were on the westward ride of the ball, and the nurse was in one of , them, putting on her bat, at the very ! moment. The front room on the east | was unoccupied. Nita had chosen the j other because of that gallery and its j lovely view. Then there was the rear fl'ope of the main roof above the gal- ! lery. That, thought Holden, might ] have offered a way of escape, because it Was ont of sight from the parade. Bnt Brewster and Randolph had both essayed to reach the eaves, and even when standing on the railing could bare ly touch them with the tips of their fingers. Then, again, a sentry walked along the edge of the slope leading to the river bottom south of the long row of officers' quarters and close behind the reaf fence, but he was at the eventful moment well down the row beyond Haz letfs house, whereas Dr. Holden's was at the eastern end of the line. The moon shone full against the back fence, said the sentry, and he was sure he would have seen anybody who ran out of the gate of the doctor's yard, and the first who appeared were the searching offi cers, Corporal Murphy with them. Sev eral men had then come running from the direction of the laundresses quar ters to the west, and after them Ser geant Ellis, Indeed, it was Ellis who first suggested a search of the roof by means of a ladder. He was sergeant in charge of the fire apparatus kept in that long, low building at the east end, and had the. keys ofjthe^oor. TO BE CONTINUED, 