CHEATING THE GODS. A CORRESPONDENT Of the Vort1 Ci/dna Herald, writing from the interior of Kiangsu province, mentions that one of the industries there is the manufac ture of mock money for offering to the dead. Formerly the Chinese burnt sham paper money, but in these days of enlightenment and foreign inter course the natives -of Soongkong, IHangchow, and other places have came to the .conclusion that dollars are more handy to the ghosts than clumsy paper money ; hence they now, to a great extent, supply their an cestors and departed friends .nvith mock dollars. These are only half the size of real dollars, but there appears to be no more harm in cheating the dead than there is in cheating the living. Besides, the de ceased are not supposed to know the difference, for many of them departed this life before silver dollars were im ported into China. A hundred mock Carolus dollars, done up in boxes, are sold for 34 cash. The operation of making this money is interesting. First of all there are blocks of tin which are melted down and then poured between boards lined with Chinese paper, and vwhen the upper board is pressed down on the lower a thickness of tin iremains. This is next cut up into strips 4in long, lin wide, and kin thick. Some 10 of these strips are placed evenly together, one on top of the other, and one end is held between the fiugers, when the workman proceeds to hammer them out till he has beaten them so fine that they are now 3ft long and Ift broad, and so thin that they are no thicker than the thinnest paper. This is next pasted on common cardboard, which is then cut with a punching machine to the size of half-dollars, and this having been done, ahoy takes the cut out pieces in hand, and with two dies, one representing the one side and the other the reverse, hammers impres sions of dollars on them, and the money is ready for use. Another very curious instance of the practice of cheating the gods is recorded in the same journal, but from quite a dif ferent part of the country. It appears that districts of the Anhui province have lately been ravaged by' an epidomic, so that in many places the people were unable to at telid to the harvesting of the crops. An attempt was then made to deceive the gods by 'playing at' New Year's Day, and pretending that lst September was the first day of the new year. Every preparation for cele brating the bogus new year was made, such as burning fire-crackers and past ing happy sentences in red paper on the doors. The object was to make the god of sickness think that he had made a mistake in the seasons, and had erred in bringing an epidemic on the people at a time when no epide mics in the course of nature - should appear. As any action contrary to nature done by the gods is liable to punishment by the King of Heaven, the actors in this farce thought that the god of sickness would gather his evil spirits back tbo "hink for fear of the displeasure of his superior divinity. This child's play received the permis' sion and co-operation of the local authorities, but so far no visible effects for the better are apparent. The Empress of Austria is said to spend nearly half the day in having her hair cared for. During this time she is read to and smokes incessantly. She is credited with dis posing of 50 cigarettes a day, and after dinner she.caps the olimax with two or three of. the i biggest and strongest cigars. 