C r r t m b a Books. Summary. Happy idea. Reading circles. A word for Circe. Good average vintage. A self-imprecating Pope. Great <iuvas&tion; in H-;1L Miss HA14Y oomplitnentad. New pathway in literature. The aristocracy of intellect. The comfort of a good book. A. Mcdormr.3 is "sarkostio."' Thirty smallpox cases in Perth. Emergency legislation in Sydney, Lord Kin to re A disciple of Thales. Satan very busy in Hull just now. Vermin Commission on tbe jaunt. The Ballaarat to-morrow evening. . " Lucid and sparkling sentences.'* ; Barometer at 1 p.M. to-day, 29*G9. Stores Commission resuming work. More of " New Australia" to-night. Riots at Hull; damage, £1,000,000. Bad blood in the ascendant at home. Hull strikers in a condition of rebellion. Salvation Army demonstration to-night. . Gum Sapling is a son of Hugh Kalyptus. Leigh's Creek coal can be sold at a profit, OV. JE Invidiosa poisoning art in Austra'ia. Another splendid effort to level up the race. It is v. Ill power that keeps the Archbishop ali»e. Circe Invidiosa not so witching as was her Wont. " Few wordB are the sign of a prudent judgment." It is an expressive phrata that "gone bung." St. Paul's Cathedral, London, covers an ARE* of 2\ acres. HE resourcefulness of the Victorians to the fore again. The destruction of fictitious values still goes merrily on. Even A journalist must not say a Bank HAV "gone bung." If Circe were here she would poison eqme of - her detractors. Leigh's Creek Coal Company straiteaed for want of capital. The maritime striker^ in Hull ha*e gone to extreme lengths. Australia ought to have pretty well reaped ^ her harvest of tares. "j Tbe Home Reading Union belongs to the - - . Republic of Letters. "Fair-Trader" Harris gone away delights! with all he saw here. The Chief Justice maintained his reputation. for flowery ADI<L ation. The Maybell North hes its dividend locked np in tbe Commeicial. It is not true that the Vermin Commisooners - live chiefly on rabbit pie. Vermin Commissioners getting their guinea A day while chasing bnnny. Seething discontent among matitiaia ' workers in tbe old country. Good prospect of the Commercial Bulk: " ' speedily resuming' business. • ' Riaz PASHA seems to be learning wisdom, or • 6 it on'y an Oriental dodge ? In Dresden A tax of one mark is imposed onall cats kept as domestic pets. Misrepresentation and fraud alleged against the British Bank of Australia. William Lane, of New Australia fame, will be at the Albert Hall to- night. Balfour will no donbt have cause to regret his almost seditions utterances. A fly in the King AND Queen of Italy's ointment—bomb explosion at Rome.' THS prices for the best qualities of crapes for wine have been well maintained. The fame of Mr. Waterhoase ought to make some of his critics more difEden t. THE subscription for the Home Reading Union is only 2s. 6D. per annum. Mr. J. W. Jones hnnting up sites for.WALB and dams in the Pinaroo country. J. W, Waterhouee takes rank among the foremost poet-paintets of Engleud. The Protector to have a new coat of seapaint ; so she isn't to be ime to bed. Only three points between the B.F.C. -prize essayists—VK., S3, 91, and 90 out of 100. The security of the banknote under South Australian legislation is NNIM[ JTOHABLA. - Son rose at S.33 a.M., sets at &22 P.M. Moon set at 0.36 a.M.; rises at 2.48 ps.ni. The Kaiser squeezed the Pops'S hand three: times. Oh, what will the Lutherans say? Victoria will get the bulk of the benefitfrom the reconstruction of the Commercial Bank. . ' A great reception given to the Victorian Horse Artillery by tneir brothers in arms over the pond. " Home, swftet home" sung in a Presbyterian Kirk on Snnday, and the roof stiH up. "MI conscience." There will be fifty-three Sundays RA 1893. The year came in on A Sunday and will go oat on a Sunday. Kooyana Padman, Centipedes Kelly, and Gum-sapling Skipper were the prize essayistsof the B.F.C. The Home Reading Union devotes, itself largely to rightly directing the choice of books by the young. Sultan of Turkey ready to wish Bulgaria'S young rulers good luok, and to taste their wedding cake. Fanov, the great Marquis being charged with using language calculated to provoke a- breach of the peace. Depositors of trust and corporate moneys cannot, of course, take up shares in the reconstructed Commercial Bank. Those Viilorian gunners will be iuBtracfc:±_ hi the art of entertaining and courtesy M old England, if ?N nothing else. "There are many reasons why the laws affeoting Banks doing business in AustrAlia, should be uniform in all the colonies." It'is the law in Sweden that when a person buy6 any intoxicating beverage, he must a' buy something to eat at the same time. A harp discovered in Egypt in 1823 had several remaining strings, whioh responded to a touch, and woke up after A rest of 3000 years. The Chief Justice reversed the old adage, and said—" Thero is a royal road to learning, , but it muBt be trod by peasant and by paec alike." . . . . - ' Joeiah sorry that a circle for reading law has been omitted from the Home Readers' programme. Does he want fresh opportunities of oonfumng people? I In Alsace Santa Claus is represented by A young maiden dressed in white, with hair of lambs wool hanging down .her shoulders and. her faoe whitened with flour. The Chinese oobbler at home roams from J house to house, and announces his approcob with a rattle. If his services aro required, he .. . does his work at the homes of his patrons. Against an average note cirqnllUnrgl Of J £422,457 the Banks in Sonth Australia held last quarter £1,638.604 in coin, £38,121 in bullion, and £223,700 in public tieounMea. U "The ''Knickerbocker'' machine, whioh will *- shortly be used for the Register and Journal, • -R! prints from tbe reel,' folds, cats, PASTES and---'-' counts in bundles, and delivers the 'PAPERS : * ready for the publishing-room. - " Australians are an open-air loving people^ - " ' a sports-loving people, A society -lovicg people, a newspaper-loving people, and at the Bame ,J 'J time lovers of everything that is romantio AND' J 4 -^ beautiful." Oh, Mr. Day Thompson, you: make us blush! ' ' • * ' ' RI -' 'VHKSARIES.—"St. Mark'the Evangelist." ' See the Kalendar. He was the nephewLOT St. ' -'' Barnabas, and Le Ccmpagnon dt FojWjr OI BTI. 1 > PanL He wrote his gospel aboub A.P, ,72, sod ia said to have founded the Church of Alexandria, and to have suffered martyrdom, bl» body being conveyed to Venioe, which ohbise him' for its patron saint. In the north of England some wonderful things ate believed FR A. occur on the eve of ST Mark. If any ;PER80°® I ./ 3 watch in the Churoh-poroh at midnight the ; ^ phantasms of all who will die during tlie ENsuing year will etalk before them as certainly and visibly as did tbe ghost of fiamlotfsfattier "upon the platform where tbey You need not wonder therefore that Mont- G 0 M E %I! H BZ L TZ^M VULAGE belle, StJ Mark'S U- ^ PRIONS eve. And all tbat<>1<1 traditions UU A NIOUROFAL taSn of sentSoed souls ' . i, Tn winding-sheets ARE seen. THEPHSAU Wi thin the comtng whom J«ar. death shaU floop InpAleprooestdonwi&ihe; the gloom, Amid tfaesilence drears 