A FEARFUL CAB RIDE. t HAD taken a carriage to go home from I the meeting of the Benevolent Flannel -sociaticn, of which I am a member, for it • is a pouring rain, and no umbrella was of .iiiy avail; and we had gone just about half a mile through the dismal streets, when the driver suddenly stopped, and called through the little window oa the roof— " Madam." " Well," said I. _ " Could you do me a favour—me and a poor half-drowned lady out here ? She wants me to take her in. Of course, it would be a good thing for me, with my big family aud low wages, and it would be a charity to her, poor thing, on such a day ; but of course, if you object—" "Oh no, I don't object," eaid I. "I wouldn't keep a woman out in such a storm for worlds. Let her in." " Thankye," said the driver. And I opened the door. Iri an instant a woman had hurried in and taken her seat opposite me. She was a pretty woman, with a dark complexion and long black hair, braided oddly enough in two pigtails like a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps she was 30. She wore a mourning gown, elaborately trimmed, a breakfast cape, and a little sealskin cap that might as well have been a man's as a woman's. She had no gloves, no umbrella, no waterproof cloak, and I felt sure, as I looked at her, that she had been obliged to go out in the rav/i to call the doctor to a child { with the croup, or to someone who had met with an accident, for she had seemed to forget her own comfort entirely. 1 felt sorry foi her as she wiped hat poor little wet hands on her handkerchief, and looked piteously at her wet dress. But to i speak to a stranger is such a step for a I woman, and she had not uitered so much as a "thank you" for my courtesy, though she had two or three times looked straight into my face with her big black eyes. I sat in silence, therefore, until at last she fixed a long stfady gaze upon me, aud said : " It is a wet, uncomfortable sort of world after all, isn't it?" " Indeed, it seems so to-day," I said, with a glance at the learl- coloured sky. " And it never rams in heaven," said she. "Oh, no." " I hope not, I Tim sure," said I. " Where storms do not come," she repeated, as though making a quotation. "Of course it does not. But then," she added quickly, "you see one stays with a one's husband and children at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wretched b world, one must wish to stay." Indeed, yes," said I. And then, seeing r that she was"agitated, and remembering my | i fancy that she was going for a doctor, I said, I haphazard : " And when anyone we love is ill, we grow gloomy, and fear all sorts of things.'' " Yes," said she. " I have a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children— pretty aud good as a mother could wish— and how anxious they were when I was so ilL Terribly anxious. He cried—a great, stout man. Yes, he cried. Of course the little ones did. And when I died " " When you died ?" I repeated. " Yes, when I died," she said, in a louder tone. "When I died, I say, he fainted. Oh, you think it strange that I should speak of myself so. Nobody believes me ; but it's true. I am not living; I am only materialised." I could nob make any answer to this ; I only shrank away into the corner of the carriage, for though I had no idea that I was in company with a ghost, her words made me nervous. We had yet a long way to go, though the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of the horse's hoofs, the patter of the rain, and the usual noises i in the street, ~ doubted " ----- if I could - - make - my voice heard if it became necessary. " Yes," the lady went on—" yes, I have a friend who is a spiritualist, and I went to her at once, and as soon as I appeared to her she kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I want to stay materialised, l i a s c because, don't you see, though it never rains in heaven, I must stay with my husband and little ones, if I can.._ They'd miss me so." " Oh, you will," I said, fn some trepidation ; " you surely wilL Let us drive to your house, and as soon as your children kiss you, you will know that you are no longer a spirit. Have you told the driver where to go ? Shall 12" She put her hand upon my arm and drew me down, as I arose to endeavour to call the driver. " Stop," she said ; " as soon as I cross the threshold where my corpse is lying I shall be a horrible ghost again, and frighten them all. Don't you know that 1 Sit down !" I sat down. She keot her hand on my arm. " Listen !" said she ; " ctffn't you hear the sounds behind us ? Spirits coming to carry me to heaven. I don't want to go to heaven; but there is only one way to avoid it. The spirits want a spirit to take away, and it must be a young woman's spirit. You—you are about my age, are you not ?" " I suppose so," said L " Yes," said she; " and have ycu a husband." " I am a widow," said 1. " Good," said she. " How lucky that is ! You'll want to go to heaven because your husband is there ; I want to stay because mine is here. Come. I'll send your spirit with them—you'll let me, won't you !" I had grown very cold, and felt that I was trembling very much, but I found power to ask her what seemed to myself theu to be a very important question. "How would you do it? It depends a little on that " " Oh," said she," as ioi now, there is just one way. I must cut your throat—but I have a very sharp razor, and it won't hurt at alL It's much the best for us both, you see, my husband being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their white wings and cold hands will never know." She drew a razor from her pocket as she spoke and opened it. I made one dash for the door—which I should have made sooner had I guessed at the hidden weapon, you may be certain—but as I did so her face changed, her eyes flashed furiously, and she clutched me by the throat. I gave a wild scream, the carriage stopped, and I heard amidst my terror the voices of two men shouting something close beside us, Then the woman was struggling in a policeman's arms, and a gentleman held the razor in his hands and folded it away in its sheath'. There was another carriage besides ours, and these two men had sprung from it. g " Madam, I hope you are unharmed a said the gentleman, speaking with a slight hptwwyahi foreign accent. " Yes, I am thankful to say I am," said I. " You know what it all means'!" said he. " It was a fine mind that illness warped so terribly. She has been ill, and she believes herself now a spirit. It is a delusion of hers that if she can send a spirit to heaven she may remain here herself. My poor Isadora ! Forgive us the terror you have felt. We w thought her well-watched, but she escaped gdciw us. I believe that dwelling too much on spiritualism has caused all this." Then he bowed, and followed his wife into the other carriage, and I saw her clinging to him as they drove away.—Homeland. 