SNAP-SHOTS. [BY MARKSMAN.] The French president declares that France " loves peace." Yes, a piece of Siam. Up at Coolah the heat was intense last week-in fact it is Coolah here than there. A Windsor child's definition of a ghost : " Not a really man, with a sheet over him." Eight-'oor Day was made " a Tour Day" by many thousands of people in N.B.W. on last Monday. English labour leaders appealing to Aus- tralian workmen for assistance. N S.W. might as well geek assistance from Victoria. Bar «ilver in bondon is worth 4 per ounce. In Windsor 44 bar" silver is suffi- ciently scarce to be at a premium,-so the publicans say. Half the sensational reports of the desper- ate encounters, with circus lions by Captain Humphreys are much exaggerated, and are merely lion advertisements. " Tried men are preferable to untried men in the Assembly" say some of our political representatives. There are a good many men in the present Assembly who ought to be 44 tried"-and convicted, too. 44 Baron Schroeder insists upon the full Sayment in cash of hie demands upon the few Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company." It will take a Schroeder man than he is to draw blood from a stone. The new Caledonia cable subsidy job, perpetrated behind the back of Parliament, would kill the present Government if it were not already moribund, and needed not the cable with which to commit political suicide. D^bbs admitted in the House the other ni|ht that he did not know everything. From his aggressive tone and cock-finre at- titude on most questions one would have supposed that he was an animated44 Enquire Within upon Everything." Gladstone says that44 with the help ot the Almighty, the libérais hope to overcome all obstacles in connection with Home Rule." The worst of it is, the house of land-lords is i on the other side, and they exercise a con- siderable amount more influence just now. 44 The Rev. T. Symonds of Queanbeyan, who is leaving for Melbourne, on Sunday de- clared that he would not give up the keys of the church until adequate arrangements had been made to pay the arrears of his stipend." He works for the 44 beans" right enough -the Quean-" beans." A solicitor engaged in the recent Eur rajpng tin-kettling case said that in the ab- sence bf atraes band up Kurrajong way some of the residents had to fall back pn the near- est feppiobeh to it by discoursing 8weet music with tin-kettles. To say the least of it, this was not particularly complimentary to the brass hands of the district, who ought to sue the solicitor for heavy damages. It happened in the Western train travel- ling Windsor-wards one day recently that there was in one carriage a temperance lecturer, a one-time Windsor resident, possessed of views of his own on the liquor question ; and several other passengers who were acquainted with the character- istics of the gentlemen mentioned. The temperance-lecturer was assailed by the moderate- drinker, who gave him a lively half-hour-quite Crabbed bim, in fact-so much so that when he left the train, the dispiser of alcohol remarked, " What does he know about it-he's only a pettifogging electioneering agent." Then a quiet man rose in one corner of the car, and remarked, 44 You're at your old games again, Mr. -; when you're defeated by argument you resort to abuse. If he is only a petti- fogging electioneering agent he is at least working without pay, and you wouldn't preach temperance unless you received your screw regularly." Collapse, 