Larf a JcONVBliTION AT CLIPDBNJ rT.i -r;r':>- Tr-m ::> : .'S Frain -'2%e Banner of the .Truth in Ireland, :" Thia was a ne' departure on the part ot the Oommittee, and the BdooeiB that attended it ' ' warranted the ' nndertaking. .The biieih idea was to eather the airents of the Bbdfety only, hat on bearing of the prospect of a (hvention in Olifden so aitny expressed thieir desire to attend,' that finally all comers were welcomed. There being no Town Hall orenitable bailding in-tbe town, other than the Schoolhonse, we had to he satisfied with that, and make the best arrangements we oodld for seating all who came, and with benches, chairs and planks, kindly lent by friends and neighbonrs, we were enabled to accommodate all who attended. "' On Thnrsday evening, and speoially Friday morning, September 15th and 16tb, oar load after par load appeared from Gal way, Bonnd- stone, Moyrns, Aasleagh Errismore, Billina- killj etc;, and the whole town stemed astir, and 'wondering ' what meant this ea.ger, 'ahxipnd throng'? and; all thrbngh, the ntmoet ooHrtesy and kindness were shown to all by onr Roman Oatholic -brethren. ' The first meeting took' place at 11 30 a.m. on Friday — the schoolroom being packed. Mr; Stoney' presided. Hymns of Ponsecra- 'tloh and Faith ' were need, and 'the Rev. G. 'Grnbb addressed ns from Isaiah vi., showing 'that this did not refer to Isaiah's conversion— iho'had been' a ohild of Gbd ' for many years then— bntto bis cleansing— he was nndbnb, lor .dnmb, becanse nnclean - within. He cbnld mot get aword ont, it was a forced service'; hn God, .in a vision, reveals to him his need :of 'oleaneing. Iseiab sees his need; confesses .hisfailnie,. and the Seraphim flies, -cleanses i(tor<:.fiTe takes away what water cannot), .tonohes him with a live coal where he had jfailedi and then he goes forth as a prophet to 'Israel, who were at this time apostatizing worse. than ever ; Isaiah was wanted to go to .them.. God is calling now in the same way to His own people to, 'come ont,' to separate from all known evil, and as cleansed vessels to carry the, message, of the Gospel. . Lhnoh and tea was provided for all the ,QgentB of the Society in the adjoining honse, .and.abont seventy or eighty, partook of it !ea6h day. At 230 p.m., all the agents of the Society met in. the School- room for conference and .prayer, when a word of encouragement was spoken by Mr. Stoney, bidding, them to 'peifse.yere, and that, whatever rnmonr might have said, or be saying, the policy of the .Comihittee. was hot, either to leave their agents stranded,, or to scuttle, but rather to .etrengthen their hands and to push the work .entrnsted to them by God more earnestly that: e'ver. . At 3 p.m., we met again, and were addressed, first, .by Oaptain Tottenham on Jeremiah xlviii. lO, ' Garsed.be he that doeth thet-Wbrk of the Lord deceitfolly ' (marg ; .hegligehtly); showing that whether it bo preaching, teaching, reading, oontroversyr— ' whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God,' and that the secret of all trne service is the heart being' right with God ; and next, by Mri Grnbbi bh what happened at the feet of ' Jmus— John xii. 3, Luke vii. 38— the' broken- ' hearted sinner at the beginning of His ministry, -and the broken-hearted saint at the end of it. So it will be with ns — as sinners, when we come to Him; first, broken-hearted, on acbonnt of >in ;' as saints, when we give ourselves whoiiy to Ghrist, realizing His love--' Thy \- love hath broken every harrier down.' May He bring us all to this. ' ' Again -we rnet at 6.30 p.m., the room was ;fnllj''and afterhymns and prayer, :we were -addresBed 'by' Mr. Bidlake and the Rev. G. Gfnbb; bh Three Looks, fbnhded on Psalin oxli. 8. ' Mine eyea.are nnto Thee, 0 God the Lord.' here was. the .First , Look for Salvation, Which was a backwatd look. The iSeoond Ldok for Sahctification, which- wM an mpward look.' The Third Look for Separation, 'Which was an onward lock; f- \--lit was a day of searching of hearts and also 'bf spiritual refreshment to' many who 'wefe obliged' to leaVe after this day's niefetifag, ',in''brder' to return to their work in various 'drsffibts.-- ' ..: .1 -J . , The following day (Saturday), we again 'mbt'kt'.ll SO a.na., that 'hour being . named jeak'day' in order , to give thpse at a d>, stance ,titp|)tot driyo-in,' and after a time pfi'praise ,a'nd'prayer, . Gap, tain" Tottenham, pointed oiit, ;that in.all God's d.sslings with ns, hnnibling jcapae first ond .then, blessing, emptying .before .filling, and that if, yesterday! was. a day of -.smiting, there, pras i balm, also in Giiead. He who said, I ivoohd,' also said, ' I heal.' He itheh addrfssad 'ns: from - Matthew . iv. 19, -showing Christ's ball to' His ' disciples. His ' purpose in oalllpg Ihsm, - His protbise td naak'e 'ihemj' and how'He fnlfiiied it. The'Rev. G. Grtibb followed; with' ' ah address on ' the diffeoncp in the lives of the Ap'ostles before 'and after Pentecost', "maintaining that, if we are to d.o gpod work for onr Master and batch "fijhjl we too must eaoh of ne have a PersbnaV Pentecost. " In the afternoon, Mr., Bidlake (Mr.,jGrabb's .cqpopuipn); .gpye as . an acpount, of his .bonyersibibi-isshd.'' bis testimonyi ,aa. to: the jblcsslngs.he, had. received: fromiGod ; .and as .m8ny.iy.oqog: meni were: present, we believe the fresh, manly testimony was blessed :to many. Mr. Grobb followed; with an address iOn 2 --Eing8 iv, 34-'—EliBha 'and the 'child of the Wbiiian'-of Uhnnem, amongst 'dther-thlngs 'pointing ont the olbseness -of the contaot, eye -to eye; 'eto., and that it innst be.'so with as and the dead sonls aronnd ne,- and that,' if we do hot.iaboebd '-atfiratj. wd mast not be dis'- obnraged,. bait bry' again. At 6.30 p.nii; car last meeting in the sohooU room, Mr. Stohey spoke on. Jadgea vi.—tha life of Gideon before and. after the Spirit of G()d came hpon him.- That his first convert was his own father, and that it was in the power of God alone that We conld do real work for Him. Mr. Grnbb followed, on the Three Oannots of Luke xiv., showing the conditions of disoipleship, that 'there is a way to hell even from the Gate of Heaven, as Bonyan said, and that the cross we are to take np isj ' tronhle that comes to ns tbrongh testimony - for Ghrist.' This was onr last meeting in the' Schoolhonse; except a slble reading, which Was taken by Mr.' Stoney, on Sunday afternoon ; and many will have canse to thank God for those two days with God, and the msssages sent home to their hearts by the power of the Holy Ghost. Snnday morning it was raining, as it knows so well bow to do in Glifden, and at ohnroh the congregation was 'conseqaently: smaller than it wonld other iriae have been. Still a fair number gathered, and the Rev. G-. Gfnbb preaohed_ from Psalni Ixxx. 3; 7, 19, 'Tarn as again: ' that Israel in those days, like the vast majority of those who call themselvse God's people in these days, need to he ' tnrned ' again, that is, to be converted ' over again.' So ipany are living for the' world, for the gratifioation of self and of the flash : the one remedy for the eins and failoree of God's people is to let the light of God in upon them, and discover the ecret sins, idols, and hindranoes. About fifty remained to the Lord's Sapper. Mr. Grubb continued bis subject at the Evening Bervioe to a somewhat larger congre gation, the rain having partially' ceased, and shewed what the light of God's oountenahoe does. First, in Psalm xo. 8, ' Thon bast set -onr iniqnites before Thee, onr ' eeoret sins in the Jight of 'thy conntenanoe.' Toere Is -nothing in these days so mnoh needed as a BAptism of the Gonviotion of Sin. How near can I go to the world, to its pleasnres and amusements? How can I be respectable, and yet pnt God ont of my life ? That is the problem of to-day. But when the light of God's conntenance comes in, I see sin,'' sin, Bin, where I never expected to see it. 'Walk ing along a pretty lane I saw a moss-covered stone, and in a oareless moment I over- tnrned the stone, and saw a multitude of little hlaok loathsome creatnres that at once 'made for the darkness. I had only let'in the light. They bate light and lo've 'darkhess; so they ran away from- the light- — that is your heart. But I am hot going-' to leave yon there. -' In ProVi xvi. 15 we read, ' In the light of the . King's conntenance is life, and His favonr is as a clond of the latter rain,' so here we have life for the ' nnconverted, and abnndance of life for those who already know onr God. Then. in. Psalm xliv. 3, 'The light of thy conntenanoe,' we get not only life from the Lord,- bnt'find it to be the secret of perpetnal .victory. . The land of Oahaan (type of the trne rest of faith) is to- he oon'qaefed,'n6t by straggling, bat by shining. As long as they walked with ' God they were --victorioas, -as Boon as they disobeyed they were defeated. Once more, Psalm Ixxxix. 15, ' Blessed is the people that know -the (R;y,) trnmpet sonnd,. they shall walk, 0 Lord; in the light of thy : conntenance.' The trnmpet spoke of release .from death 'and bondage, restoration to lost privileges, rest from their own work.' ' f . : .He. conolnded with : an illnetration froda personal experience. I was staying in the honse of a dear friend . of mine, ' when aTady called one da, and made a present of a doll to the little girk in the bouse. The next day -was Snnday. The ohild brongbt the doll to her nnrs'e and said, ' Nnrse, dress my ddll'tb- day, please, I-want to play with it.' ' \- '.Ob, no,' said. the nnrse, t to- day is Sunday, and if I. wera to dress , the doll Jesus wonld see.' . : -s ' ;. 'Ob, nurse, pull down the blinds, and Jesns won't see yon,'. That was what that little sinner said; Yes,;Iisaid t6i:myBBlf,.'I: may lidgh atthat little ohild ; hut have 1 never done the same myself? Have I never : polled down the .blinds of my . sonl when . I saw the light of .God's oonntenance ! beginning -to flash?- -I -have sbnt ont the snnllght; and that . was why my Ipoor heart -was: so - dark. Oh, don¥ he ahove'learning aIeaaonif rem that littleohild. Let the blinds go np this day, and let' the Tight shine in. Jesns is the Light, and 'His Word is the -Light. : Let that Word showy on yonreelf, and: whatever tbel' iightirevealB'tbe blood of i Jesns will cleanse.' Bo,iheliever,''do not be afraid of the rlight, and. yon 'will go forth iwithi the light 1 in ' ydnr- soul/ add! the purity, and ;peaQ0 of God, andijoy and gladness willradiate: throngh you, and yoti will wklk .alliths dayJn:the Jighc of His -oonntenahoe.' ' .The fbllowing -morning saw the dispersion -homewards of most of ithese 'servants of God, going to their difEerent .vdistriotsji with a :renew.ed.'.'ideterminatiGn to carry . the Gospel .ndessagojiof:.' pardon' and .peaoe.'tbroa'gh' a ornoified, hot risen,' and livingjSavionr, to bur . BoniuOatbolio.i .brethran and heartfelt praise /andi gratitude to Almighty God, 1 who hadlpnt icr into the hearts i uL His .servants to gather them thnsrtdgetheE for oonferenoe, and apiritnaifrefreshment'. : What the; onto'ome'of theiOohferenOB will be i' that day. alone will decllure.:. > ; - : - 