FINE ARTS. THE BRITSH ART GALLERY. FIFTH NOTICE. If one only bad the time to note the observa tions of the vinitorb to the Art Gallery ud gauge their ontspoken criticisms a oajuma of most interesting matter might be made up the opinions an ao untrammelled and in so many instances shrewd and practical. If they were published they would be acknowledged aa plain, acceptable statements by the majority of the reading public^ as they wooid go atnuphfi to the mind m their unafieoted simplicity, with no mye aery of Latin and G reek qu jt&tioaa; to puzzle the intelfigsnt illiterate, and no pedantio phrases to obscure tbe mental view. There is a deal of information and en joyment to be found in a free-and-easy round of theGallary any afternoon before theiifhi is failing after one has bad a comprehensive inspection ; even the pictures of no merit-Mid there are eomesnoh-ate worth consideration, if that is not a paradox. There is agrixn eort ct pleasure in growling at a picture one does not like; for instance, " The Abyss," pasted [ by an utiat who must be doubly wise, seeing that his name is Solomon^ J". Solomon does not create fervid feeling, albeit there is a history banging on to it, A painting of the "Destiny" type, it attraots and repels. The uninformed want to know why that jnnfcnlar looking individual, with a severely classical face and a left arm suggestive of constant practice -with the Indian clubs or an American axe, is leaning with the sharp point of his elbow jammed into the aide of the half clad person lying down, sammnded with flowers, on the brink of a precipice. The pro minence, not to say boninessof the hip, is in marked contrast with the fleshiness of tfee form ao tar as it is exposed. but there, the painting is strong in flesh work and ideality, even as "Destiny" is. One might get into ao abyss of doubt over that creation of fin artiBt's morbid fanoy. Anybody oan comprehend the meaning of Edward H. Fahey's "Deserted." It speaks for itself ; a telling picture, in which one of the strongest points is that broad streak of limpid water, just where it crones in the mid distance, clearly defined, like a different current in the dull stretch of the sullen flood, filling the view from the edge of the picture to that forlorn-looking shore with the building standing up against the sympathetic sky in the background. There is pathos about the resigned attitude of the heavy, strong- limbed carthorse standing under the leafless tree on the jut of land reaching out into the flood. Ho looks deserted, and he has not the ghost of an idea of bettering himself. He is simply wait ing with stolid air for something to turn tip -he is an equine Micawber. In this picture-by no means a great one-mark the happy deftness of the artist in dealing with the reflections and in making his atmospheric effects congenial. Is does not look like an ideal sketch, but u a touch of Nature in her csstv mood. Dame Nature, cruel only to be kind, and very often kind only to be cruel, ha9 dealthardly with that torn, rugged, dishevelled tree-elm or oak, we know not which, but it is eoarcely sturdy enough for an oak-standing on the slope of a wind-swept hill, past which the eye. of the observer roves over an almost endless land scape, comparatively calm and peaceful. Frank Walton, R.I., has sent his brush boldly over this canvas. There is the old riven tree twisted by a hundred hurri canes, its muscles, EO to apeak, stand ing out like those on a gladiator's muscular frame; its roots planted in the soil with a firm grip, but showing the strain. Broken branoheB, exposed roots, and the water warn soil show how severe the struggle has been. The grand old tree must go down some it ui not far?rom that delightful "Cinderella," with the flighty, feeding, frolicsome birds-but if they pause a moment they must linger longer. Touching "Cinderella," who has noticed theoharming fairy story? It would be an in sult to juvnnile and adult intelligence to pre tend to revive it. The picture, however, is a revelation by Fred Hall, who has caught most happily the h&mour; and the dingtness, shall we say, of the whole scene. There is Cinderella in the obsourity of an old kitchen-a pretty roomy kitchen, by-the- way, and a darksome-sitting alongside an old spinning-wheel of Germanic pattern, and busily pecking at her feet are birds of all sorts- pigeons, ringdoves, star lings, thrasbeB. chaffinches, a cocky robin red breast, a stately raven, a jackdaw (much more bounoeable than him of RheimB), and other feathered pets picking up the shovelful af linseed her spiteful stepmother threw into the ashes. It is almost worth while being Cin derella to hare such a hoefc of faooy feathered friends. 