Pierre and Baptiste. I oNcE knew twojindustrious mechanics named Piorre, and Baptiste. They dwelt in a ramshackle tenement at Sault aux Beloouil, where each had half-a:doizerichildren to support be sides their wives; who, it is grievous to relate, weore ,drones. They weoro only nominally ?cquainted with that godly art commionly associated with charwomen. Piorre and Baptiste were hard workers. They; worked far into the night, and, occasionally, the thin mists of dawn had begun to break on 'the narrow city pavements before ,their labours would cease. No one could truthfully say that theirs was not a hard- earned pillow. Sometimes they did not toil in vain. It depended largely upon the police. It was early one November that this horny-handed pair planned the burglary of a certain safe located in a wholesale establishment in St. MIark street. On the particular evening that Pierre and Baptiste hit upon for the deed, the head bookkleeper hadhbeen having a wrangle with his accounts. ' I can't make head or tail of this!' he declared to his employes, the senior member of the firm, 'yet I am con vincod everything must be right. An error of several hundred dollars has been'carried over.from each. daily footing, but where the error begins or ends, I'm blest if I can findout.' The fact was that the monthly sales had been unusually heavy, and a page of the balance had been mislaid. Tho head book-keeper spent upwardsob f an houni in casting up both the entirios of himself and his subordinates after the establishment had closed its doors for the day. Then he went home to supper, de termined to return and locate the deficit, if he didn't get a wink of sleep until morning. Book-keepers, it must be borne in mind, have highly sensitive organisms which are susceptible to the smallest atom reflecting upon their probity or skill. At half-past 8 the bookkeeper returned and commenced anew his critical calculatio-s. He worked pre cisely three hours and a half; at the end of which ,period he suddenly S •~,"e~:-',~ ..? ---" exclaimed :- ' .... 'Idiot! Whyhaven't you looked in the safe for a missing sheet? Ten chances to one the.y have: been im properly numbered!' He turned over the pages of the balance on his desk, and sure enough, the usual numerical mark or designa tion in the upper left-hand corner which should follow eleven was miss ing. Page twelve, in all likelihood, had slipped into some remote corner of the safe. The safe was 'a large one, partially receding into the wall and containing all the papers, documents and several day receipts in cash and drafts of the firm. The head bookkeeper, in his efforts at unearthing the lost page of the cash balance, was obliged to intrude his entire person into the safe. Fearful lest the candle he held should attract attention from the street, showing out as it did against the black recesses of the 'safe, upon entering he drew the door slightly ajar. As he stepped in the'tail of his coat caught on an angle of the huge riveted lock; the massive gate swung to as if it weighed no m?ore than a pound, and the bookkeeperwas a prisoner. He heard arrsonant click-that was all. His candl went out. : Tihe' booeekeeper at the outset lost his presence of mind. He fought like a caidged animal. He first exerted almost superhuman strengthl against the four sides of the iron tomb. Then his body collapsed, and not for an in stant losing consciousness, he found himself sitting in a partially upright posture, unable to so much as stir a muscle. It was almost at the same moment, although hours seemed to have passed, that the. drumof his ear, now abnor mally sensitive, was almost split into fragments. A frightful monotonous elangourreit the interior of the safe. The bookkeeper used to observe afterwards that a single second's de viation of characteristic thought and he would have gone mad. Stronger minds in a parallel situation would have indeed collapsed. But a weaker man can never confront the inevitable, but clings more stubbornly to hope. They are only weak individualities who, in the act of drowning, catch at straws. As the bookkeeper felt himself gradually growing weak for want of air to breathe, his revivified hope led him to deliberately crash his fist into the woodwork with which the interior of the safe was fitted,* in secretaire fashion, one drawer being built above another. This gave him a few addi tional cubic feet of air. As may have been conjecturep, the noise which smote the. bookkeeper's ear was that of a drill. 'Although acutely discerned within, the sound was practically smothered on the out sido of the vault. At one end of the drill was a cavity, rapidly growing larger, in one end of the steel panels. At its end was a heavy, warty fist, part of the anatomy of Baptiste, the industrious mechanic. BatistO, held the diill:'while :lii' comrade, Pierro, pounded it in. Soon the two burglars became aware that some sort of animal com motifi'Vivas going on within the safd; It nearly drove them into convul1tns_ of astonishment. -Baptiseq; was so starirod tlrit he dro s)d6d theodrill,. 'It is a ghost,' hlie said.. Baptisto was for throwiigup the job uncompromisingly on the spot, but this proposil met witihi'bbstacles. His follow-workman,., who was of stiffer coilrago, rejected it with scorn, is savouring too much of the supe'r stitious.', Pierio had a htirgo:family to support, he argued. Ho spoke frankly. They could not afford to throw away the opportunities of Providence. To his friend and co-labouroer, the' bur don of his remark was ' Lache! Go hen! You make mno tired wuz yor ghosts an' things. Let's not have no beast fooliii'--see ? Do job is commonce---~Allons!' The upshot of this was that Pierro and Baptisto went back to work. At the third crack of the drill, Piorre crossed himself, and shid 'Baptisto, doro's a man in dat safe !' Both men grow pile as death at the very suggestion.. Baptisto, for in stanco, ,was so .fiightencd he couldn't utter a syllable. His tongue clove to the roof of'l'is mouth. However, Pierre, as usual,a-was.the first to re cover. He applied-his ear, first to the lock and then to 'the drill-hole. ' Heyin oro!' he :.cried, yet.not so loud astb b thenid:on th'e sidd-ivalk. To this there came a faint response a very faint shoiut, indeed; it sounded as if it wore a mile away: ' For God's sake give me air ! I am locked in here. ITry and burst openI the safe;!' - T1he?t?V6 burglars did not. stop to talk, but went at once to work as if' their own lives depended on the re sult, instead of the lifo of the mys terious occupant of the vault. In less than four minutes they had a hole, somewhat-smaller than the business end of ai cbllar-button, knocked into the panel of the vault. Then Pierre and Baptiste paused to wipe the sweat from their brows. The man inside .breathed. It was nosi-Itlitt the ipair began to muse on theo denouement. Could this bean,.uiember::of the firm or an em ployee ? The hypothesis jeopardised the success'of the night's adventure, unless, when they had permitted the prisoner to emerge, they bound and gaggod him into silence. On the other hand, this course would have an ugly look. If he resisted it might mean murder in the end; whereas, if they did not let him out at all, they would stand no chance of profiting by the pecuniary contents of the safe. Besides, as the man could scarcely live thus until morning, they would be responsible for his taking off. Thus roasoned Pierre and Bap tiste. ?--,naeo were -lO?ifiiihiy comfortllng reflections, but there was still another and a better in reserve. What if, after all, the man were himself a felon? Might he not be a .companion crib-cracker ? In that case they would merely have to divide the spoils. ' IHey, in dero,' cried Pierro, sud denly/ 'Fruck with an idea. ' What is de cormuination hof do safe ?' ' Fifteen - three - seventy-three!' came back in sepulchral tones. It was evidently growing harder and harder to draw breath through the tiny aperture. T"hus it transpired that at the oexpi ration of fifteen seconds the lock of the vault gave back the same resonant click it had rendered eight minutes previously. Thanks to the timely ad vent of Piorre and Baptisto it opened as lightly, as airily, and as decisively as it had closed 480 seconds before on the unhappy accountant. The headbook-keeper gasped once or twice, but without any assistance stepped out into the free air. Ho was very pale and his dress was much rent and disordered when his feet touched the floor. But this pallour qulclkly made way for a ired flush at perceiving the two burglars with the implements of their profession strewn around them. Meanwhilo Pierre and Ba3ptisto themselves stood transfixed by the sheer novelty of the situation. Without any kind of speech or warning, or without making any attempt at bravado, the book-keeper walked deliberately to his desk and rang an electric call for the police. Simultaneously it seemed, for so rapid and quiet was the action, he opened a drawer, took out a small revolver, and covered both burglars with a fatal precision. As he did so he uttered these remarkable words : ' Gentlemen, I would, indeed, be the basest of men if I did not fool pro foundly grateful for the service'you have just rendered me. I shall always regard you as any right-minded man should regard those who have saved his life with imminent peril to thom selves or, which is just the same, to their liberty. Any demand in reason you make of me I shall make an effort to perform-but my duty to my em ployers I regard as paramount. I have accumulated a little money, and with it I propose to engage the best counsel in your defence, which is cer tainly marked by mitigating circum stances. If, on the other hand, you are convicted' Here the officers of justice entered, having broken the door open with a crash. The missing word idea has at last invaded the pulpit. According to an exchange a clergyman recently preached from a ':passage in Ezra, which he gave out as follows :-' It is a time of much rain, and we are not able to go to -.' It was only in the' sphere of religion that the weather interfered with man, he said, and it is almost needless to say that the missing word was worked out to be ' church.' 