His Suicide Syndicate. By Fbank Donohue. There is something Sabbath -like in the sunny morning calm of an Australian country town. The fun is not strong yet, and there is a spring-like feel ing in the cool air. Life can never be said to rush along with feverish activity id a provincial centre like this, although it is a cathedral city. The bucolic mind is insusceptible to 'booms.' The folk cannot be said to take it easy, exactly, for if you listen to their unexcited and toneless con ir/iraifinii rrnn mnll fillH that. t.hfiV talk Tliainlv — if you can call it talking— about the Depression. If there were no Depression it would have become necessary to invent one, to provide a subject for vura.1 conversation. Well, the absurdly obtuse-angled rays of the sun me granting in at tiie Kreitcli windows of tfce large dining-room at th«i hotel, and one by oue the 41 guests,' as we do not call them, are dropping in and out promiscuously for breakfast. That is lo fay, there is no particular order about that ceremony/ Just as a man comes late or early his convenience is _ suited, and such little conversation as goes on is con ducted with that quiet air of abstract earnestness which so:aehow seizes on most fellows about break fast time. But mostly it is silence. That tapping noise you bear is merely the Bank Manager cracking 1 lie shell of his egg with as little compunction as he would have in obeying instructions to sell up an un prnlnable debtor. The gentleman with the gold jookey-enp-and-whip sleevehnks is one of the s(|uatting family whose run lies out beyond those bills there. He 'talks little this morning, seeming to prefer to gaze through the open window before him with a faraway and dreamy look — As though lio firn-, through time and spare, A vision of a steeplechase, Or cock-fight in a distant place. The fat man now rising from the table sells fat stosk, when there are any buyers about ; and that rustle of women's dresses you hear outside means that the two young ladies who absorbed all the civilities of the table last evening are coming into breakfast. The talk this morning— desultory and disjointed enough— is about a sensational event in another country town which has just shocked the whole community. ' Must have been mad ! ' says the Bank Manager, who is just finishing bis egg. 41 Not a bit mid,: ' chips in the squatting gentleman with the loud sleevelinks. ' Some of you fellows always raise that cackle when a fellow commits a particularly cold-blooded murder.' ' Well,' says one of the ladies— the prettier one— ' I'm sure he's as much to be pitied as his victims now, if he's not mad, and if he has any human feel ing in him.' This outburst exhausts the conversational powers of the company — or rather, it would do so were it not for the unexpected resources it developea in the per son of another member who comes in while the others are speaking. I had noticed him before. He is a silent-Grimaud sort of person, who never says much, but looks as if he could if he liked. He has eyebrows which arch to an angle, and he can crinkle these right up into the roots of his hair when he pleases. He has, besides, an eye that blazes now and then with the vacuous expression of a pane of glass lit by a strong light trom the front, and he can throw a' glance round the table at times that somehow suggests to me, always, the sweep of the electro light at South Head. There is a certain well -cut shahbiness about his attire, and his actual moans of livelihood, it is whispered, are matter for mystery in the hotel. He has a pallid, jaundiced kind or1 complexion, and that sort of black hair that often goc3 with it, to form a strong contrast. -)ne man who spoke about him made what I thought at the time the rather happy remark that he looked like a person prematurely damned. To me he a.lways seemed more or less like a Mephis tnphclcs who had made a failure of his profession and settled down to live on a small pittance at a country hotel, in a condition of chagrined retirement. That this theory was not entirely frivolous or in correct waR proved to me later on, when I heard, in quite a, casual and incidental sort of way, that Mr. MMavelly, as his name appeared to be, had been a promoter of syndicates aud public com panies in his day, and not an unsuc cessful one, either. He did uot take much part in the table conversation, as a general thing, and usually contented himself with offering a word or two at a time, by preference of a pungent nature. The impression he conveyed was that he didn't want to talk, bsmg fully enough occupied with his own modest lucubrations. So that when he broke into the conversation as he took hiR seat, there waB a mild exhibition of surprise at this eruption. 'Mad! of course he was mad,' is Mr. M'lavelly's remark. ' How could he be otherwise than mad to go and waste himself like that ? ' Then he glowers in his best Pharos fashion round the table, which is not prepared at a moment's notice with an answer to a conundrum like that. The prettier of the two young ladies smiles fitfully across at the squatting- person, who surreptitiously taps the top of his head with a glance at the last speaker, and then points significantly upwards. The Bank Manager lifts an eyebrow and shrugs his shoulders almost imperceptibly, and rising from the table at the same moment I rise with him. There- are some lounge-chairs on the balcony outside, and it is pleasant enough to lie there with a cigar after breakfast and think of nothing at all. It is not everyone who possesses the natural talent for that sort of occupation, but I think I hold it in a, peculiar degree. Circumstances favour its exercise. There are long shadows sleeping lazily along the broad balcony, and all round and about the quiet hush of the morning. There are white clouds gliding down beyond those hills, like the white sails of ship's on a distant sea. Under the hill-slope lie the broad, placid green acreages, adream in the morning stillness under the blue sky. Away to the right there is that black cluster of cypresses enclosing the last resting-place of folk who lived out their little lives here, and below you another fringe of cypress shuts the idle railway station out of the picture. Through that break iu the hills to the left went the old Sydney road long before railways were thought of, and there are stories of bushrangers and convicts and what-nots in connection with that road which will be worth the telling some day. There is a hum of drowsy conversation from some one— women's voices— past the corner of the balcony, which runs round the hotel to the other side, from which you can see straight up the long yellow road until the black cypresses again close it in to the quiet landscape which basks within the wide circle of the horizon. There is a moTing figure just below. It is that of an elderly man with amorphous boots and a hat of artistically-shaded madder-brown. He crosses the road at an easy diagonal, stalked by his own fehadow like the ghost of his destiny, if he ever had one, implanting bis lax and motiveless step on the powdery dust of the road with soft and silent foot t'alL I am just beginning to lastly focus my wandering attention on him, when Mr. M'lavelly steps out on to the balcony. ' Good morning ! ' he says, as he lights his pipe and site bolt upright in the canenhair before me. Curiously enough, he seems in a mood for talking this morning, and his eye glows lambeutly like a moonstone. He gives me no time to reply, either. ' It annoys me to see the air still, and the sun Fhine soft, and the country idle, on a fine morning like tl is,' he goes on, in an irascible manner. 'I have ro patience with what you call fine mornings.' 'I don't call them fine mornings, Mr. M'lavelly,' I venture to protest. 'But in the name of the silent tomb, what is your objection to fine mornings ?' ' I hate to see them wasted,' he replies. ' That air ought to be driving ships, or at work in a re frigerator. The sun would, be better occupied ripening corn, aud I could cut that country up into village settlement areas that would give employment to the capital of a rich syndicate, with a secretary aud staff of clerks. It's simply a case of natural opportunity wasted.' ' You seem exasperated on the subject of waste this morning,' I suggest when he has finished. ' And, by the way, what on earth did you mean by paying just now inside that the fellow who com mitted that murder wasted himself \ ' 4- Young man,' says Mr. M'lavelly, with an im pressiveness of which I had but dimly euspected him capable, as be draws his chair up and cranes with decollete vulture-like aspect over the lounge where I lie. ' Young man, your native brain-power has assisted you to formulate a very weighty question. They say a fool can ask more questions in five minutes than a Solomon could answer in a lifetime. As it happens, I can answer yours, and I may say the answer embodies the ambition and waking and dreaming thought of a lifetime. The strange thing is that no one will hear me through with it. You, young man, are above the common herd, and you shall have your answer.' I begin to suspect what I have let myself in for. Wildly I look about for a chance of escape. The drowsy hum of conversation round the corner has ceased. The person iu amorphous boots has disap peared. Mr. M'lavelly is still craning over me like a featherless-necked vulture. So I resign my self, light another match, and collapse into a comfort able position to listen while he develops his wily scheme. 'As a man ot observation and a journalist,' begins Mr. M'lavelly, with the air of a practised ex positor, ?? it must of course have struck you that_a large number of persons commit or attempt suicide every year. However much we may deplore the fact and its sociological, personal, or domestic causes, there it is— a fact which we can no more get away from than we can escape from the fact of existence itself. It is a melancholy thing, if we allow the mind to dwell upon it '—here my poor friend assumes the affecting tones of a temperance lecturer about to introduce his shocking example on a public platform — ' that the designs of Providence should have been so far frustrated in certain cases that men, women, and even children, with possibilities of happiness within them should have so far lost touch with life as to be only concerned about the readiest way to get out of it. However,' he pursues, recovering himself with a cheerful effort, ' it is not the part of practical-minded men to dwell upon it from this point of view. We must accept matters as we find them, as the dairyman accepts the market price of butter, and not disdain to bring our commercial instincts to bear upon the subject merely because we also happen to be persons gifted with a more than usually exquisite quality of brains. ' It has been one of the teachings of my experience that all round us, in the facts of life and society, lie huge opportunities for co-operative effort, only to be developed, of course, by the assistance of a handsome capital. I have proved to demonstration time and again that by bringing the proper people together, aud drawing judiciously on their uuited resources, ? it is possible to carry on large and profitable enter prises ' — I began to yawn wearily at this — 'which would have been impossible without such organisa tion. Did I not successfully float the ? ?' (here Mr. M'lavelly names several public companies with which I have some acquaintance, and which, I may remark, have since expired by effluxion of capital.) ' At the worst, have I not shown con clusively and by experiment that it is possible to manage these companies in such a way that individual members will reap their profits out of the contribu tions of each other without suspecting it for longer or shorter intervals contingent on the generosity of members themselves ? This, then, is my deduction from these practical lessons of ^experience : — First, that suicide is waste, and that the first duty of economics is to detect and prevent waste; secondly, that these suicides must be utilised up in some way or other, like all other waste products ; and, thirdly, having decided on what that way would be, to form a 'Suicide Syndicate ' to exploit this hitherto undeveloped field of human activity.' Here Mr. M'lavelly draws himself up in his chair to his full sitting height, fetches an audible breath, and looks around upon an imaginary audience with a kindliDg eye and a mien of great solf-esteem and pomposity. By this time I think the excellent creature has forgotten all about me. He saws the air twice with a gaunt hand ere he proceeds :— 'Before waiting on the select circle of my ac quaintances who were in a position to subscribe the necessary capital, I appliel myself as usua1 to work up the facts of the case. Persons addicted to the practice of self-slavghter were my raw material. I therefore proceeded first to take stock of the quantity at my disposal. As the operations of the syndicate would necessarily be somewhat circumscribed at first, and confined, as it were, to a strictly local field, I had first to consider the figures from that point of view. I will not weary you with my calcu lations ? ' 'Oh! thanks,' I suspire ? ' ? but you will see how the case stands when I say that in this very colony 916 persons committed self -slaughter in the last decade, and that the annual average is now considerably over 100, and increas ing eucourageingly each year.' Here Mr. M'lavelly's eye fairly blazes with ogrieh appreciation. ' The same rate, roughly speaking, rules in the neighbouring colonies, notwithstanding the circum stance that their political rulers are not precisely the same men. Indeed, the general rate is slightly over that f or this colony alone ; and, on the whole, it was a- .distinctly cheering thing for the prospects of the syndicate that if our early operations were to be confined to Australia, at all events we could boast that the local average was nearly half as much again more than that offered to the operations of an English syndicate. True, these averages are a little mislead ing, but I am not at present discussing averages.' ' Thank the immortal gods, no ! ' I ejaculate. ' Well,' he goes on with a demoniac volubility that takes my breath away, ' turning to the world's statistics on the subject, I found that, wherever I looked, an ever-expanding field for limitless enter prise spread before my intelligent gaze. In the United Kingdom I found nearly 20,000 suicides re corded for 10 years, showing a* pleasing average of 2000 a year. In France I found the rate of increase phenomenal, and the record standing, according1 to an authority named Guerry with whom I entered ? into correspondence, at 100 per week, while another fellow named Legozt wrote me that it was over 5000 a year. And Boon all round. In the United States the figure was not so promising, .but still there were possibilities in a yearly crop of upwards of 1500. Prussia offered me less than a thousand ; Italy about five hundred ; Den mark about the same ? but why need I go on ? I wul send you,' goes on Mr. M'lavelly, kindly, ' printed documents showing the results of my in vestigations, which you can study at your leisure.' I mutely thank him. ' Then came the practical application of this valu able body of material which I had collected. With drawing from the busy hum of men for a time, I caused my private secretary to draw up a Prospectus, the leading lines of which I sketched oat for him. 