THE MYSTERY OF iTOTIM DOBIMRSKL CuArroi I. Hie first lime that say one in Florence heard or saw the name of Dotuniirska was one afternoon in February, 1878, at the house of Mme. de Montrieu. A letter and card were handed Madame br a punctilhus footman who awaited orders 'like a wax figure Madame was in her salon sur rounded by a few intiaies — some fascinating ladies and as many gentlemen to be fascinated. After glancing at the card Madame tossed it to her cousin, Lucille de Fayette, with the observation, en passant, Pretty name, n'est ce pas V Then she opened the letter, which was from a dis tant and distinguished acquaintance in Mos cow. It was a polite letter of introduction presenting the sisters Kafoeriue and Karma Donimiraka, 44 both musicians of the rarest attainments, MUe. Kafoeriue being as fine a pianist as her sister is a singer. "The writer recommends them to Madame's considerate attention and presents cordial saluta tions/' etc. "A pair of prodigies — how charming!" exclaimed Madame de Montrieu, after read" : ing the note aloud. 44 A veritable novelty for my reception next week. Who brought atiU waiting. ' A young lady. She is in the reception - aoogu' y she callsat once, "observed Madame. 41 Quite unconventional, but excusable, Isud- .pose, with artists. Show her to the salon/' The Bervant withdrew and liis return was awaited with some curiosity. After a few minutes " Mile. Dommireka" was announced, the portiere was drawn aside and a young girl entered alone and rather timidly. She had left her hat and mantle is the ante room, which proceeding was as quaintly tm- eonvfintioitfu as the o&U; itself. If she had dose this for effect it was certainly well planned, for her appearance as she stood be fore the light and bright silk draperies at the door was surprising — infect, startling. Her gown was black, her hair was black and her eyes were black. In contrast to this, the fiesh of her face and hands was white ana fine as a lily. She wor6 her heavy hair with oat curl or wave, parted in the middle and drawn loosely ever the brow back to the nape <rf the neck, where it was held in a Grecian coii Her gown was of satin and fitted to perfection, but was absolutely devoid of trimming. MUe. Donixzurska advanced to wards tbe hostess, who arose and greeted her in French, which language the gicl spoke fluently. " Artists arc always most welcome in our salon," Madame averred with much gr&cions-; ness. After her visitor was seated, and they had exchanged a few general and courteous re marks the conversation became more personal. 44 Will vou appear in Florence pro fessionally r" "Yes, Madame, that is the object of our visit to Italy. My Bister is still ringing in Russia, but I come on in advarce to prepare foe way, as it were, for her coming." These words were spoken with a pleasant smile and an air of confidence. 44 Then I infer we see before us the pianiste/'snggesteii M.de Fayette ("Lncille's husband/' as he was generally designated in the salon). 44 Yes, Monsieur/' she replied, without any further comment. Will your sister soon follow you?" en quired Madame, who had quickly seized on to the plan of having this pair of prodigies at her reception. 44 Oh, yes. I expect her in a few days/' 44 If she in any way resembles her sister, we shall be very happy to make her wel come," asserted the hostess cordially. MUe. Doxnmirska smiled amusedly on hearing this, and then explained In that case Karina's welcome is as sured, for we resemble each other very much. My aster and I are twins, yon know." 44 Oh, indeed, how interesting J" they all exclaimed. Mine, de Montrieu was de lighted. 44 You dear child; and to think you are both so gifted, how charming it must be to see and hear yon together." 44 Well, I don't know about that. Karinn does sing wonderfully, but I only play." "Buthowdoes MUe. Katharine play? May we not have an opportunity of judging f' again augcasted M. de Fayette. 44Certainlv. if von wish it. "What shall T play V9 was the prompt reply, and she im mediately went to the piano. "Do you know the Rhapsody?" asked one complacent dowager in languid, aristocratic tones. " Yes, Madame, I know several ; which one do you wish r" "Oh, of course I mean Liszt's. My daughter plays it," she answered with a self-satisfied manner. 44 But Liszt has composed fifteen rhap sodies." Ab the Dowager seemed suable to make her request more definite, Hme. dc Fayette spoke up. 44 Oh, do give hb G rug's spring song. It is such a favorite of mine, although, of course, it is only a trifle. I heard Flante at his last concert fairly fling it from his Angers like a feather." This last sentence was addressed more to the room than the pianist, and conveyed the impression that Mme. de Fayette knew exactly how the piece should be rendered But they soon forgot Flante and everything rise. Mile. DoaiBUrds's playing was so beautiful that her listeners were carried away. She seemed to be describing rather than performing this idyllic song of spring. Faint and faraway as an evening zephyr ate the first tones which glide from tne right band. They tremble and vibrate like flutter ing leaves — a movement which continues throughout the first pari, while constantly weaving in the most weird and fantastic hax- monies. Bat tbiB is only an accompani ment to the tender, bell like melody which foe left hand carries. While by no means alow in tempo, there is yet something languorous and amorous about this melody, audit is borne upon the accom paniment like the perfume of flowers upon the breeze. The second part is more sombre — a rift of riouds across the moon, a touch of dullness to the atmosphere. Bui it is soon ovec, and the mallow brightness again bursts ___ firibnanglodoas than before. The melody . fallow uppermost, and is light and «b gossamer. The breeze has subsided, tbpro is only a shadowy accompaniment in the left band and everything seems white and stall Hie whole piece is ethereal as a virion. Scarcely had the last tone-wave subsided when a short, thick-set, square- faced, tinely- riressed man appeared at the portiere. 44 Ah ! It is a lady ! Bravo I Bravo ! I always applaud theladies." TM« was with a smile which was supposed to he gallant. 44 Bon jour, mpsflnmftfl and hostess." He kissed Mme. de Montrieu's jewelled fingers, and all things indicated that he was a familiar guest of this salon. Every one greeted himemHinely. 44 We hardly dared hope to see Count d'Omar to-day, but yon see, blessed are they who expect nothing 3 " exclaimed h?» hostess' brightly. 44 But what is this I hear on entering — classical music instead of the latest gossip ! -Quite an innovation, to be sure. " Oh, yes— allow me to present you to to Mile. Donimiraka." Mile. Donimiraka bowed from her place at the piano. A strange pallor had crossed her face when the Count entered, and there came » us woo a ww w geoaow. M . tip ryyCTte observed this and thought it was caused by the GoontlB first fiipjpant which so glaringly revealed his lack of musical appre ciation. 44 Always happy to meet a musician," af firmed the Count as he acknowledged the in troduction. 44 Can't you give us snmrfrhttig rise. Mademoiselle, Something gay and lively — -a good, reusing "raise? Doyouplay any danoe music?' " yea> Monsieur ; I can give yon a fame/ and before there was time for another mm ark or question she turned to the instru ment and played a prelude of twelve weird and solemn notea like the strokes of a bdL Then rite leaned forward with/more tension .and began to jerk cud snatch foam the piano I 183). ' a Tagged, rattling raise theme, angnlar aid gp&gmodic; in character. 44 Le diahle I What do you call that piece?" asked the Count, in an aside, of Mme. de Fayette. 44 Your exclamation is apropos/' was the ready response. 44 It is the 4 Dance of Death/ by Saint Saens/' The Count mentally decided never to start that girl on another valse. As a musical description of midnight, ghostly revelry this 44 Dance Macabre" has probably never been surpassed. It presents a virion of skeletons, demons and ghoBte capering aronnd open graves. The skeleton theme 1b always grinning and chattering, but the ghost dance is gruesome and stealthy, bat nerer slow, they are all too harried — the time ie short from 12 to 1. And then you hear them shriek and scream, asd they chase each other around the damp churchyard. Katharine's fingers themselves seemed to be demons racing over a graveyard full of white slabs and black monuments. But finally the dancers shuffle to their graves, the last belated skeleton hurries to his place and the clock strikes 1. Aside from tbe wonder it aroused Katha rines playing awakened a strarge interest in herself. But there was little opportunity on this occasion for further acquaintance, as she soon and very abruptly arose to go. When she touched Mme. de Hontrieu's hand at parting that ladv said. 44 By the way. ma chere, if you have come here profession ally it will be wall, yea know, for you to meet some of our influential people ; of course tbe most etiect of that number -you have already met," and she wnilftd prettily towards her other guests. 44 But next Wednesday I give a large reception. You may bring your sister then, and I wiii introduce you to many of my friends/' Thus the clever, social tact of Mme. do Montrieu construed a tavor desired into a favor conferred. The RnBsiau girl thanked Madame 44 extremely," and after bowing a general adieu retired. 41 Funny tittle black thing, isn't she?" re marked the Count. Chapter II. j Mme. de Montrieu's salons looked very beautiful when decorated and thrown, open 1 for a reception. There were the two grand salons and a small one, the music-room and conservatoire, all illuminated with innumer able wax candles and perfumed by countless flowers, and Madame herself looked charming in her Pans gown of pale green velvet, em broidered with dainty moss roses. But Madame was not happy. It was that latt uncomfortable half hour when the rooms are yet empty, but the hostess must be there ready to make welcome the unfortunate first from the most important guests are liable to arrive, and above all it is the hour when you are just weary enough to imagine all the mishaps which could mar this, your pet re ception of the season. But Madame's un- happiness at present was not purely imagin ary—the usual eudden regret had arrived. "Now, who is it?" she exclaimed, with irritation, as she opened the envelope. "If it's the English Embassy I shali be furious V' It was not from the Embassy, but Madame was nevertheless very much annoyed. " It's from that tittle RUBriau pianist — that is always the way with professionals— you never can count on them 1 44 What is the matter with her?" asked Mme. de Fayette, who stood before one of the mirrors readjusting for the sixth time the diamond crescent in her hair. " Oh rick, of course ! They are always 4 indisposed at tbe last moment." 44 But is tbe sister also ill I Did she arrive yesterday as expected?" persisted Lucille. 44 Yes, tbe aster is coming," Madame re plied more placidly as she read the note. " Her name is Kjarina, £ must not forget it. But what do I want with one of them ? The novelty was in having twins — twin-prodigies I I can always find plenty of singers. Who knows whether this Karma even sings well, and besides there is no telling how she will appear and act — she may be ...ridncnlons i'.i. But Madame's expostulations were inter rupted by the sound of carriage wheels out side and voioes in the halls. Hie reception had commenced. was Bxniling and gracious; everyone was smil ing and gracious. Tbe rooms were soon bril liant and glittering with gorgeous costumes and many jewels. Mme. de Montneu was a hostess of admirable tact and quick percep tions. She oould take in at a g1«mnp the amount of conversational ability at the com mand of eveiy group in a room. She knew bow to rout or disperse the young men who happened to be wasting their entertaining talents on each other. It was a stupid per son indeed who ever left Mme. de Montrieu's salon with a consciousness of haying ap peared to disadvantage. She always drew out the best qualities of each person — a greater gift this than many accomplishments. It was over an hour eisce the first guest had arrived. The English Embassy had come in full force ; the most distinguished per- socages were already there— even Count d'Omar, who was expected late, had arrived, smiting and decorated with Russian orders. As Madame was passing her cousin at one ride of the room she murmured hastily : 44 Will you believe it, that singer has not come yet ! She is evidently planning to arrive late and make a sensation. I know something will happen to mortify me— things are going too fimoothly eo far." 44 Ferhaps that is she now," replied her cousin, and Madame went forward to meet the new arrival. Karins Donimirska it was indeed, and Mmede Montrieu certainly experienced a sur prise, buc not such as she had feared. MUe. Donimizska entered the room like a queen, sad looked like one. There was in her bearing no trace of the timidity and lack of social experience which was observable in the sister. But in form and feature their re- semblance was quite marked. 44 1 see Mme. de Montrieu is not certain whether it is I or my sister/' she observed with an amused smile. But a society woman never rereals much surprise. "So. I think I should have known you apart, although the likeness is very striking. But. VOU 866. I find it difficult to flrmt vnn fLS one whom I meet for the first time. It seems as if I know you wail," and 'verified her words by clasping Kanna'a hand cordi- ally. 11 Then, Madame, I have reason to very thankful for the resemblance X bear to Katherine." Karina bowed as gracefully as rite spoke. Mme. de Hontrieu's welcome was genuine ; indeed any hostess might he proud ot Karma. Donimirska as she appeared that afternoon. Her costume was superb. It was of white satin, not cream white, but a snowy, daz zling white, and Ibis was richly embroidered with gold. But the groat effect and beauty of the costume wa8 its trimming of Ttnaamn sable, a broad band of which outlined train and also the low-cut bodice. The farir for against her splendid white shoulders formed a striking contrast. Her hair was dart like Katherine's. but was dressed mora elabo rately, bring drawn high and held in by n gold dagger. Her eyes were also dark, but somewhat concealed by dainty gold eye glasses, which did not wobble or lean to one side, hot stood erect and firm on her well- shaped nose. She wore no jewel, exoenting cue single pearl ring of immense size. Such was the creature towards whom Mme. de Montrieu had so secretly harbored un generous sentiments. No wonder she was surprised and almost disconcerted at the fast sight. But her manner was now gracious- ness itself. \- 44 And your sister! is she vary ill? I bo regret her absence." severe indnrilum could hove induced Katherine to forego the privilege you have eo kindly extended to us. I would not have left her, but she insisted on my coming.5 44 1 am veryglad of this/' replied Madame, honestly; "it would have been too bad to lose both of you." After a few further polite Inquiries about Mile. Katherine, the hostess summoned the nearest. standing cavalier and presented i»frn, This happened to be Count d'Ommywho had been observing the new beauty ever since bar entrance. 44 But X believe we neeffso introduction—is It not the charming pianist whom I hsd the honor of bearing last week?" - He f rit bome what relieved when Informed of ius mistake, for in point of fact the "charming pianists" had not attracted him, whereas gorgeous creature commanded unqualified admiration, and it was gratifying to learn that he need not undo any first im- prosriouB in order to now pay his devoted attentions. And devoted he zertainly was from the first Domeni to the last of their intercourse. Whether Mile. Donimiraka was pleased with his attentions or not it was difficult to judge, but certain it is that she permitted them, even to the chagrin of other admirers who were apparently more desir- abl e and suitable than the Count. Some may have wondered, but none understood why the square-faced, small-eyed, more than middle-aged and dissipated Count was fav ored by such a beautiful and brilliant woman | as Karina Donimiraka. When she sang all hearts were captivated, i Some voices make you thmfc- of things grand and noble, like cathedrals and historic cas ta ee, others call np visions of tbe dainty and exquisite, like jewels and flowers, but this voioe made you think pre-eminently and always of a bird. The quality was light and 8weetand high, and her art was so perfect that every note came with bewildering ease. 4 4 Patti mieht well envy you/ exclaimed tbe Count with more fervor than understand ing. As an artist. Mile Donimirska could cer tainly take the highest rank — scales, arpeggi, stacattx and trills were all rendered with equal facility. " Where did you study ? Who was your master?" inquiry! Mme. de .Montrieu,' in ecstacies. 4 'My father, Madame, taught us every - 4 'He must he & wonderful musician.' 1 "He was, Madame, but we hare no father now." There was a ring of bitterness as well as grief in her tones, but Madame only heard the words. (to djb Coxtixued.) 