Our Amemoa.ii rVisitor . ' ooiniiiionrxABY BANQOTIT J »co ' " - : " ' ' PROFESSOR W. P. STEWART, ofthb Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, REPRESENTATIVE ASSEMBLAGE. SERIES OF ELOQUENT SPEECHES, > ' ' . The visit of Professor Stewart, of the Mutual Life V Insurance Company > of New Fork, to Brisbane . was signalised last night by a banquet at the > Imperial Hotel, that in many. - particulars excelled any funotion of the kind yet, hold in this oity. All that artistic taste could devise, that eleo- trical science could suggest, that culinary skill could accomplish, and, above all, that ora torical grace could command, was requisi tioned to ensure success. Tho decorations of the hotel entrance consistedoffestoonsofflowersand beautiful pot plants and shrubs. Tho com mercial room of the hotel, which had been con verted into a reception room, where tho guests were received, was embellished with equally good taste, but the triumph of tho decorators' and florists' art was reached in the dining- room itself. Along the aentre of tho capacious tables were flowers in great abundunco, .both in vases and laid out in attractive designs upon the table itself, whilst at tho cross table a magni- ficent opergne was literally smothered in a profusion of choice summer flowers, tho variety of whioh seemed to be unending. Tho walls and coiling were all but covered with tastefully festooned evergreens, intermingled with flowers, and tho magnificent mirrors at the end of the room, opposite to the chairman's seat, was literally a moss of floral life. Fortunately, for the comfort of the guests, an electric light in stallation had been placed in the room ; and it is safe to assort that no prettier view has heen presented to tho eye, in any Brisbane apart ment, than the glittering silver and floral decorations, the brightly tinted incandesoent globes in whioh the electric lights cosily nestled, and the riohly stored tables in the Imperial dining-room last night. In addi tion to the electric light, Messrs. Barton and White hod ereoted three largo electric funs, which distributed their cooling ourronts through the room. Tho list of guests who had accepted the invitation of Mr. W. H. Kelynack, manager of the Queensland branch of the com pany, was an extensivo one, and inoluded representatives of the political, hanking, com mercial, and sooial circles of tho city. Of theso at the laBt moment his Worship tho Mayor, the Hon. J. R. Dickson, M.L.A., Hon. J. 0. Housslor, M.L.C., Hon. W. Hemmant, Hon. William Forrest, M.L.O., Mr. George Wool- nough, M.A. (editor of the Telegraph), Dr. W. S. Byrne, and Mr. 0. Warde (consul for Norway and Sweden), Mr. J. A. Holdsworth, and Mr. Harold Lilley sent apologies for un expected causes of absonce. Tho oliair was ocoupied by the host, Mr. W. II. Kolynaok, who was supported on his right hand by the guest of the evening. Professor William P. Stewart, with tho Hon. Arthur Ruttodge, M.L.A., tho Hon. B. B. Moreton, Mr. T.E. Whito (president of tho Chamber of Coramoroe) and Mr. Barron L. Barnett (Italian consul) sitting noxt. On the ohuirmon's left was tho Solicitor-General (Hon. J. T. Byrnes, M.L 0. J, Hon. . John Donaldson, M.L. A., Mr. W. J. Wcathcrill (United States consul), Mr. C. H. Buzacott, (editor of the Courier), Mr. John Mathieson (Chief Commissioner for Railways), and his honour Judge Paul. The other guestsiu- cludedMr.D.J.Aborcrombio (Commercial Bank ing Company of Sydney), Mr. G. H. M. Addison, Mr. George Agnow, M.L.A., Captain J. J. Byron, Mr. W. T. Blakcney, Mr. A. Brynnt (Bonk of North Queensland), Mr. J. R. Baxter Bruce, Mr. A. D. Campbell, Mr. J. J. Olarko, Mr. Alexander Corric, Mr. J. A. Carrie, Mr. T. O. CowliBhaw, Mr. A. L. Dawson (Commercial Banking Company of Sydney), Mr. J. R. Dickson, jun., Mr. Goorge Eddington (Bank of New South Wales), Sir. Thomas Finney, Mr. .0. B. Fletcher, Sir. James Forsyth, Mr. 0. M. Fos ter, Mr. Richard Gailey, Mr. M. B. Gannon, M.L.A., Dr. F. M. Geoghogan, Sir. E. A. M. Goertz, Mr. Edwin G. Goortz, Dr. J. H. Griffin, Sir. p. do Jersey Grub (English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank), Mr. T. M. Hall, Mr. J. E. Harris, Mr. Jamos T. Isles, Dr. E. S. Jaokson; Mr. W. M. King, Mr. J. R. H. Lewis, Mr. J. Love, Mr. John Macdonald (New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agenoy Company), Sir. Julius Martin, Mr. Hugh Milmnn, Mr. G. P. M. Murray, Mr. H. J. Oxley, Captain 0. E. de F. Ponnefather, Sir. George H. Perry, Mr. James R. Reid, Dr. R. Rendle, Mr. Pring Roberts, Mr. W. H. Ryder, Mr. D. G. Stuart (Queensland National Bank) , Mr. W. K. Salton, Dr. R. B. Soholos, Mr. E. E. Smith, Sir. Robert Murray Smith, Mr. C. J. W. South, Dr. R. Thompson, Sir. J. 0. Warner, Dr. J. A. Wheeler, Sir. T. E. White, and Sir. R.Bentley Young. The menu was of a most elaborate and reoherohe character; and the wines, appropriately served, were of the ohoiceat. The dinner, attended by an abundunco of waiters, and supervised by tho popular proprietor of the hotel, Mr. 0. H. DanioU, himself, was sorved at 8 p.m. A.t 10 p.m. Mr. Kelynook rose to propose the first toast. During the dinner itself and subsequently as acoompanimont to the toasts, a most eflloient string band, under Herr Rosen- dorfE played an appropriate programme of musio. The Toast List. The Ottatotan in proposing the toast of "The Queen" said: Gontlomen, I rise now with very much pleasure ns a loyal, subjeot to propose the health of Her Most Graoious Mjijesty Queen Viotoria, one who is respected of all nations and esteemed of all her suojeots, and to say aught of whoso' exoellonoies were to attempt to paint the hly or to gild the rose, and would ho an aQt of supererogation on my part. The toast was honoured in tho usual loyal mannor. The OnAmuAN ' in proposing the toast of "Our GueBts" said that was a moment of aupromo ploasurb to him, and he was extremely pleased to propose the health of Pro fessor .Wm.. P. Stewart and Major Z. 0. Ronnie. He regretted exceedingly that Major Ronnie was not present that night. He had roceivcd a telegram from Major Ronnie stating that owing to physical infirmity and argent business connootcd.with the company ho would bo unable to bo present, but asking him to pre sent his compliments to tho guests with' con gratulations and best wishes' for success. It was n matter of great regret to him that Major , Renme was absent heoauee to know Maj'ur Ronnie was to esteem him. He had known Major Roumo ever Bince he pame to the colony and ho hud learned 'to esteem him. (Hoar, hear.) He was sure that they. would be pleased to see Professor Stewart in: Queensland —(hear , hear)— and to weloome him to this corner of Australia. Professor Stewart hod visited the other colonieB, and he had paid Queensland the compliment of seeing us fast. If the professor did . see us last he (the chairman) was sure he would find us not the least of ail tho colonies. (Hear, hear J Were this a banquet given in the United States or \- England, whero genius, and onlture, and ability found place and prominence, ho would have no necessity to introduce Pro fessor Stewart to them, and it would he an, uct of supererogation on bis part now to say aught of Professor Stewart, for oinoo he had been in Brisbane ho hud made his mark. The toast was reeeived with cheers. Professor Stkwabt, who on rising was most cordially received, in responding to the toast, said: Mr: Knlyuank und gentlemen, from the menu m my hand, I see I nave been tondditsd the honour of this banquet both m my char- aoterasaprbfessional aotuary and as a staff representative of the - Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York. I have not that' assumption of pride in my own attainments whioh .would permit me to oonsider your presenae here to-night as a compliment to those'. In my judgment, there are but few living men who would be justified in laying such a flattering unotion to tooir souls as that so much of the representative 'mind and worth of Queensland should assemble to do them individual honour. I have .been feted from ono end of Australia to the other. I have been treated with the utmost kindness by the Press and the people generally, hut I have never for a moment lost my_ head, or disoarded that practical sense whioh is the heirloom of the English tongue. With the very first tender of regard I knew it was. the American . that was entertained, the United States of Amorioa that was honoured, and tho love for the dear old mothor race of us all that had extended the graap of affection. It has been my nood fortune to give utterance to sentiments that you have been pleased to re- fjord with favour, and to acquit myself as a representative of my country in a mannor that you have been pleased to applaud. For this I take no credit to myself, for I feel that with the inspiration of suoh a presence there needs only a strain of English, or Scotoh, or Irish blood in one's veins to make one an orator; and I have at least two of these if not all three. But. gontlemen, us you ore well aware, my visit to your oity is in more than a personal ohnraoter, it is as more than the representative of America, or tho writorcolleoting material for a book,' that I tarry with you. I am here primarily in the interests of the largest financial institution in the United States, the Mutual Life Insurnnoe Company of Now York, a eooiety of co- insurers, the largest in numbers and tho largest inmeans of , any insurnnoe oompany in the, world. It has the virtue of being the property of its policy holders wherever they may coine to reside ; and, for this .reason, to be a home company in every country where it opens an office, and this so long as. there may he a policy-holder resident to claim its care. Yon are, many of you, policy-holders of that groat corporation, and all of you. its friends, as mon in your positions are the friends, always, of great merit. I know, therefore, you anticipate from me some utterance in its behalf, which it will he my pleasure to make later on. I am sure also that yon expect me to speak to you of Amerioa as of a . country with whioh you desire the olosest commercial intercourse, and with which you one day expect to make a partition wall of the Equator. (Laughter and applause.) But I am afraid yon will bo disappointed in what I shall say of this, beoauso I feel more as the philosopher to night than as the patriot. I will say in pass ing,' however, as extending my last remark, that the voice of Amerioa is not to be heard from the lips of one man, nor its statecraft to he influenced by the desires of a separate people. Yet after nil Amerioa can feel only as in the heart of someone, and oan think only as in the brain of a single individual, and when hor friendship is pledged, it will be with tho grasp of but ono right hand. It is thon but worldly prudence, veil it as we may, to act on the supposition that with some near or remote effect— politically, financially, and aooially — it is Australia and America that are in touch when an American and an Australian embrace. Amerioa can use all your wool, and one day its people will buy your meat, for you will later on be able to supply it to our great oities cheaper than we shall be able to raise it on the plains that are now fast being covered with towns and cities, as with the rah of Alad din's lamp. The late oloption has, un doubtedly, opened the door to you, but you must not expeot to have it all yonr own way, and to send over your ships freighted with Australian produoe, only to oome hack in ballast with American dollars. But all this is a ques tion of politios with whioh this banquet has nothing to do, and I, therefore, drop the sub ject with the prophecy that early in the coming century Amerioa and Australia will be found at the two ends of a pacific cable, and nearer each other by a week's journey, and with a short out to tho eastern markets, and an alternate route to Europe through the Nioaragaan Canal. Of tho great Mutual Life of Now York I will say but a word, and thin in' nci sense of the shop. It has many competitors and is' not without its detractors. In fact, I may fairly say, it is the one centre of life insurance hubbub, and for tho same reason that around ike player who holds the ball in a foot' game there is to be seen the rush and tumble of the field. But in a gather ing of this intelligence it is not necessary that I should tako up the oudgels in its behalf, or that I should indulge in a specific statement of those merits whioh have mode it the promoter of the more dignified and more benign methods of life insurance the world aronnd. In my speeoh at Sydney you may read of the princi ple involved in all forms of insurance, and of its potenoy and worth. In my speeoh in Mel bourne you may read of the latest contribu tion to the soienco of life underwriting, and of tho ono groat author of these — tho company of my identity. In my speeoh to-night, i intend to confine myself more to the presentation of the professional aotuary and . statist, and to indulge you more in the strain of what I shall oall the " Philosophy of Vital Statistics," in thiB keeping to the intelleotnal and dignified 'oharaoter of this banquet, and to my role of representative student. If I could indulge in individual eulogism, in a manner that . so nearly concerns myself, it wonld be on an ooooaion like this— where we are all oouimitted to a kindly thought of eaoh other by the salt we have eaten in common — that I would like to set forth the oharooters of tho men who comprise the official staff of the Mutual Life of Now York. I could almost ohallenge yon with safety to name a man of any prominenoe in the United States that is not a polioy-holder in this great eempany. It is only within some, six years that its manage ment ooncluded to make it a mutuality of the oivilisod world, and I venture to say that when it has reaohed its first oentennial the same ohallenge , may then he offered as for all nations. But it is of its president, Mr. Riohard A. M'Curdy, of its vice-president, Mr. Robert A. Grannies, and of its. general manager, Dr. Walter R. Gillette, that I would like to speak to-night, were it not that they ore east in a mould whioh merely personal praise would belittle. I may eay, though, with striot propriety, as mentioning no names, that you may read in the offioial organ of the company tho weekly statement, legal papers emanating from our law department, whioh insuranoe lawyers oommend us with one voioo, and you may read there papers emanating from our mcdioal department, whioh physioians and insurance examiners of the general insurance world praise without oritioism. I may also say that at the head of the company's aotuariol department is to ho found a man withsoiontiflo attainments so bread that he reflects aliistre on the whole profession. So on through a galaxy offinanoia! ability, with our treasurer, at its head ; of routing ability, with our second vioe- president and soorotary in direct supervision ; of tho vouohers' department ' with- our auditor at its head ; and so on through the list of bril liant minor officers until I reaoh the lower rung of tho ladder in myself. But, with these eorions minded men. descriptive flights are not to be thought of ; the mere faot of their hoing where they are is supposed to tell its story ; hut for myself, yon soo, it is different. I am yet a bllmber, and do not mind people saying pleasant things about me; and I sincerely trust, gentlemen, that we are alike in this respeot, for I oan indulge nothing but enlogism in my, talk of Australians, and I would like to fed free to make this some what manifest later on. For tho pre sent I must indulge the philosopher. The oonsensus of popular opinion is to tho oOnolusion that tho vitality of our raoo is waning ; that, in faot, lifo with ue is being shortened ; as tho consequence of tho so-called vices of civilisation. From promises of sup position, merely, more than ono book, and more than ono essay, have boon printed, and sermon proaohod, to a sequence of physical and mental, and I might say, moral deterioration that would loavo humanity without a hope. "Eaoh generation grows more effeminated, "say those mentore, because tho need of physical oulturo, on fines of physiological harmony, is more and moro ignored ; and. because oxeroiso is indulged merely in those excesses of pleasure which weaken rather than strengthen the mus- oular system. Tho close of the ninotconth century is giving birth to a race of sraaller heads, it is said, and of lesser constitutional re- Ser«">e, beoauso of tho growing 'complexity of society, the swifter ourronts of trado, the sharper competition of tho many, and the con- sequent inoroaslng tax on individual energy. There is a growth in nervous disorders, say authorities, there is an inoreaso in insanity, and 'a larger disposition to commit suioido ; a rook- less taking to drink, to gambling, and to those vioos whioh demoralise and discourage. Soma good men toll ue, in substanoo, that tho whole some restraints of morality and roligion are now being fought against ; that sentimont is now laughed at, that nonius is now employed by tho hoar, and that art has become a ballet dancer. It 1b an aphorism of mine that "foots leave records," and it is a habit of mine to turn to tho index of tlioso whonover a statement interests mo. It is a pro verbial saymg that "figures won't lie, as though they had a way of falling into exact relations of tho truth, ns (ho bits of glass in a kaleidosoope into oxaot angles. But in my ex perience I have found figures to bo tho'most arrant liars ; and suoh because of thoir known univorsal oxemption from popular analysis and understanding. Instinotivply tho reader will skip the tabie of supporting figures in tho text of speoial assertion or argument, and content himself with tho unverified statement of thoir significance. But for me the searohing of statistics has always had the oharm as of auri ferous mountains to the gold hunter; and to me their revelations have always spoken as with the rhythm of poetry, and under my touch their truths havo always sparkled as with tho scintillations of rare gems. From my study of the dry faots of the world, limited though it has heen to the short work hours of one little life, I have gathered conclusions that are direotly opposed to the present popular pes simism. To me human existence is intensify ing; the span of individual life is broadening, and the strength of man, particularly as massed humanity,- is more heroulean than ovor. Tho faotswhioh sustain me in this opinion lie every where, at hand. Labour is now honsed in palaces, and clothed in the raiment of kings, as contrasted with its formor opportunity and means. Laws are now everywhere en acted for the preservation of life ; sanitary conditions are now everywhere studied as the primary consideration of municipal govern ment; quarantines are now built as stone walls aoroes the pathway of opidemios. The percentage of wreoks by sea, and accidents on shore, grow yearly less, because oollcotive soienco. is now tho mariner of the deep, and experienced prudence now signals from the watohtowers of the land. Surgeons now make doily conquests over diseases once regarded as beyond the skill of man ; the more enlightened practice of medicine is now supplemented by the skilled nurse ; and the pathologioal ohomist is constantly discovering spooifio antidotes to the more definite typ .s of disease. The dis covery, of quinine alone has lessened the death- roll of the .world over a tenth. Our prisons are coming to bo reformatories ; oar hospitals now vie with eaoh other in their percentages of oure — as oities advertise their respective merits in the lowness of the death-rate. The human mind is everywhere busy with the problems of prevention, as the human heart is everywhere throbbing with plans for relief. A disaster in Europe is now felt as a calamity in Amerioa, and the granaries of tho world now open to tho cry of hunger from its remoter parts. We now make ioe at the equator, and melt it at the poles ; all extremes of olimate are now everywhere within reaoh of a feiv days' journey ; all seasons are present in the general market, and every year increases the variety of produots, and diminishes the cost to the con sumer. Tho foroes of nature are everywhere becoming the bond slave of industry ; and more and more the earth yields up to man the means of his comfort and enrichment. Life is no longer a builder of pyramids, or a dweller within loan-to huts ; human sooiety is fast becoming an enolosure within per- pendioular walls, instead of a aeries of terraces rising fr om ignorance to disdain. Many years ago I discovered, in studying the vital statistics of Amerioa, that the death rate of emigrant life, particularly that of the Ger man, was materially greater than that of the Amerioan ; and that the vitality of the Somitio American was materially greater than that of the Anglo-Saxon— native or foreign. I found the family records of people in too hotter por tions of the noun try better than in toe colder ; since then I have discovered the percentage of old ago, in the annual death rate of ' the more 'settled communities, to he a steady increase when divided into decades; and that the contrast of one oyole with another for the last 500 years warrants me in the.belief that the twentieth century will Chronicle the longest span of human life the world has seen. If you will notioe age in our day wears with a far greater appearance of youth than it did no farther book than, say, 25 yoars ago. I remember as a boy we were used to oall men of 50 and a' woman of 40 old people. Now we speak of a man of 50 as only an olaish young man. (Laughter) In faot, I have divided age like this : First, toe old young man, who is ovidontly young us yet, and bright and companionable ; bat still somewhat ad vanced in years. Then there is toe young old man, who is evidently to he olassed with the old, and yet who maintains that brightness of manner which 'makes him companionable with the young. Then there is the confessedly old, with hie gaze turned literally to toe other world. I remember on one oocasion in the United States, leoturing on biology. The audience was of the serious minded oast, and among them were several olergymen. I had been explaining by what laws of seleotion age had been- instinotively conserving to itself in our day the graces of youth, and had just finished this division under the three preceding heads, when a very grave individual arose, tall and gaunt, and with a deep sepulohral voioe, asked me if I would kindly toll them at what age might a man be regarded as really old. I answered that when ho found himself in some sooiety reception and some beautiful young girl oame up to him, and threw her white arms around nis neok and printed upon his lips a loving kiss, without any consciousness of shame, he might fold his hands and .sadly conoludo that he was indeed old. (Laughter and ap plause.) Just now there is a cry going the world round for physioal culture, and our boys' colleges and our girls' seminaries are being turned into nurseries for outdoor sports and indoor gymnastios, with a growing dis position to gamble on the enduranoe of legs, or the strength of arms, or to wreathe chaplots of honour for tho hero of the kick, or toe heroine of a jump; Happily, in oontrnst with this there is also a Haal wave going the world round under the inspiration of the Chautauqua oiroles of America, and tho basio mass of humanity is really coming to he tho oultured of too world, and tho teaohor, rather than the taught, of tho higher and strongor life. I eay this is happily so, for, let me toll you, thero is a health of mind, ns well as of too body, whioh is 'to be presorved by obodionoo to spiritual rather than to phyeioal law, and thoro is a strength of mind, whioh is infinitely more potent toanthe strength of body, and whioh is not grown by the swing of tho dumb bell, or lost by tho cutting off of the hair. I regard the body as having long sinoo reaohed the ful ness of its ago, wmlo I rogard too mind as yet in its swaddling olothos. Tho soul within has yet to stand forth as tho adult man, and this will know neither weakness nor disoaso. Not withstanding tho aohiovomonts wo boast of I believe we shall appear to later generations as mental savages, who strutted ovor tho domain of mind, to-day, as ignorant of its confined powors, as did tho blaok man, farther back, over unviaited Australia, unoonscious of its stored up . onergios. Thero is rauoh said about a "coming raco" in popular literature, but toe conooptions of it, so far printed, havo no basis in fact, or suggostivoness of desirability — or likolihood. But I oan tell you that in tho raoo of races, as now seen, thoro is already a distinotnoss gathering in favour of tho somitio type, as tho final dominant or surviving forco. And I would say that given its present oxcoss of vitality, its prosont ratio of births, and its present acquisition of means, tho question of finality is but a theorom of foot which may bo aigebraioally statod. Tho mani festations of vitality, with this raco, are groator toon with any othor, and yot its tenacity of lifo is not born of fox-hunting, nor of the cricket ground. It is my opinion that whon tho secret of this has been discovered it will bo soon as the ono persistent domination of mind ovor matter whioh lins gone on for ages, and whioh is yet to be formulated by soienoo, and sot for all ns tiio primary rule for tho con- . genital mastory of weakness. There is also much said about the "coming man." I should say tho coming man will bo a woman some where in tho twontieto century. She will bo 'realised first in Amerioa, then Inter in her fturor and younger meter of Australia— to reign thereafter as the literal quean bco of too human hive. In spito f tho materiolistio phyeiolo- ' giBts who assert that woman has a limited brain scope, sho is literally gathering up hor skirts for a rush along all tho avenues topowor, and will leave but little room for man, when she has had her own eweot will — in tho col lective and political sonso as sho has it how in America— and is winning it all ovor too world, especially whorover tho English tonguo is spoken, m tho individual assertions of her sex, Tho Women's Christian Temperance Union of America, and tho Women's Commission of tho Columbia Fair, are evidences, tho formor of wonderful talont for organisation, and too latter of wondorful creative ability in new departments. Whon I loft Chicago, sovon months ago, tho hoadquarters of the Ladies' Christian Tomperanco Association, built , by theso ladies out of their association s monoy, was an Eiffel tower in height, comprising 24 commercial stories ; and the Ladies' Commission of the Fair had already forood with man a division of tho honours of administration to such an extent and to suoh bewildering results as to appoar like too second writing upon the walls of Belshazzar's court. Woman is already a general voter in ono of the StateB of tho union, and a speoial votor in many, with tho evidence growing that the male politician is u born idiot to her. I havo said that women will one day he the property - owners of the world. The maidens of to-day are much wiser in their generation than were thoir mothers. They rogard tho soniority of the husband as a necessity in a Well ordered marriage. Without years a man rarely has the accumulation of means that qualify him for a marriage of to-day. The oharm of being an " old man's darling " costs a broader spell ovor every fresh generation of girlhood. Every your a larger complement of young mon reasonably como to the conclusion that toay must first make a fortune before they enter into the bonds of wcdlook. The contrast betweon tho average age of the bride and the average age of toe bridegroom has grown .distinctly moro marked within toe last 20 yearn. Spring is literally coming to take up her abode, not in the lap, hut in the storehouse of winter, justly reason ing that withoat the Seeds left over from a formor harvesting she could not bring ont those charms whioh are so perenniallay made the inspiration of the poet. I regard it as a proper thing that girls should marry Bensibly ; but it is not a matter of my opinion. The cold logic of tho faot is, that with toe growing disparity in years, the wife naturally becomes toe survivor, : and the residuary legatee ; and, generally, with the modern idealisation of the Suttee of India, she immo lates herself, not upon . her husband's funeral pyre, but as upon the memory of that foster ing love whioh had plaoed her beyond want. As a rule wealthy widows do not marry, for as a rule toe reverse of toe pioture would then be true. From middle age on too health of women is better than that of man, and toe averages of toeir lives longer, and these faots ore emphasised when they are the possessors of assured incomes.. But there is a phase of modern womnnhobd.that is exerting a profound influence in toe shaping of modern life, and whioh I do not remember to have ever seen under newspaper discussion ; and that is her growing restlessness of limitation, particularly as to looality. To be sure this restlessnoss is not wholly confined to her. But men will oon- tentodly work, isolated from their fellow-men, in the acquisition of those means whioh will one day qualify them for love and sooial lifo. But women do not willingly do this. You may observe in toe older oountries, even in toe older portions of tho United States of Amerioa, farms everywhere being abandoned. The artist's favourite ivy-grown oottage is allowed to tumble into ruin, the old oaken bucket of toe song is allowed to hang idly in tho rank grown well, and toe old soareorow in the cornfield to stand alone, " as truly the visible ghost of a typo that has passed into oblivion. Statistics show that there is a constantly inordasing urban papulation at the expense of the suburban ; the charms of cattle pastures and of truok farms are yearly paling before the light of the city's blaze. The farmer can no longer bring up his 'ohildren satisfied with a country home. These will not hesitate 'o oom- Slain of the selfishness of parents who haye eprived them of toe eduoational' and trade opportunities of toe 'city. In America, the lames look longingly for a rosidonoe in too oity of New York, to them toe Meaoa of sooial divinity. In Australia there is everywhere toe talk of "home" and " going home," whioh, when critically inquired into, means a life in' London — to you too oity of the world. The Frenchwoman has ever her heart turned to Paris. Tho fashionable summer or winter haunts of Amerioa have woman as too preponderating guest, and, I venture to say, this may be found as literally true of Enrope, and as substantially so of Australia. It is a- popular aphorism among women that " to he out of society is to be out of toe' world." It is a strange foot that none go book to too abandoned farm in Amerioa, oxoept some misantoropio recluse to die in toe solitude of the homestead ruin. This distinction should be borne in mind, in considering the tendenov to centralisation. The farm, as a means of livelihood, and too farm as a residenoe, are two distinot propositions. As a residence modern civilisation abandons it; as a means of livelihood it is in competition with capital, soienoo, and improved machinery, and is under toe restriction of trade necessities. Years ago the reverse of this was true, for wiveB were regarded then as household drudges, and ohildren as bond slaves, but this was before toe era of modern journalism, of steam travel, and electrical conveyance ; before oity sanita tion, elootrio lights, and tramway service ; before knowledge, and art, and graoo, had become publio missionaries. Tho farm was then toe common dream of paradise, but that is never to be again. This is toe age of oities and of oity life. I think the growth in this direotion has been somewhat foraed by the reoent land booms, hut too tendency was long , before, and, in my judgment, will con tinue intensifying to toe end. As tho speed of travel is increased, and the oost diminished, oities will grow into larger and larger circumference. As the health, com fort, and pleasures of life become more and more the result of assooiation, the h6pe of one day living in n great oity will bo the single aspiration of all remoter life ; and as the move ment will be rather by stages, from toe nearer to tho farther, from toe farm to too village, toe village to toe oity, it will one dav oome to be that a seleotion in favour of the larger and larger cities will go on, until London and New York shall come to he toe cosmopolitan homes of the world's wealth, arfu'thus a now signifi cance be found in Tennyson's favonrite line- Better fifty years of Europe than a cycle of Oathay. - , A few minutes ago I touohed somewhat on the health' and strength' of the mind, and the wonders concerning it whioh were yet to be re- veaied. As somewhat eluoldative of my position, I will tell you of a phaso of mental influence and direotion that I first discovered in toe study of life insuranoe statistics. It is mental phenomenon merely, whioh years ago I olassed under the head of " self-eelootion." As you know, there has been this broad distinction in the plans of life insurance. Ono plan benefited only at death. If paid for until death ensued it was oailod an " ordinary lifo policy " ; if paid for in a limited number of yoars, bat to mature at death, it was called a " limited paymont life policy " ; if taken with too understanding that it was to continue in forco for only a limited number of years, but to mature only at death, should it happen within tho years stipulated, it was calloa a "torm life polioy." Then thoro was another plan which matured at tho ond of a certain num ber of years, in a cash paymont to tho party in sured, if thon nlivo, or to his bonofioianoa at death, if happening before, and this was called an " endowment polioy." Tho period of mnturity might bo far off — say for 20 or 30 years, and this would bo callod a "long en dowment," or it might be mado to maturo in 10 or 15 yoars, and this would bo oalled a "ehort ondowment." Now, in studying too data furnished by too records of a lifo insur- anoo company, to whioh I had access, I made the discovery that, taking the "limited lifo polioy holders" ns a whole, where 100 deaths nadboonexpootod, thooompanylostbut78 ; that, takjng-the "wholo lifo polioy- holdors in like manner, whore 100 deaths had boen oxpeotod, too company lost but 93 ; and that, taking the "torm lifo policy-holders " together, whore 1Q0 deaths had boon oxpootcd, the oompany lost, as an inexplicable faot, 172.' With respect to tho endowment policy-holders, takon as a group, I found that, wnoro 100 deaths had heen! expeotod with too "short 'endowment polioy-holdors," the company, had lost 73 ; and that, where 100 deaths liod been expeotod with the "long endowment polioy-holaers," the company hod lost but 58 — showing a saving in mortality oqually as inexplicable as tho oxces- slvo death rate, experienced with the " term life polities. " Now whon von understand that all tho lives thus insured had all passed through too same critical examination as to health, and, so far as medical experience went in those days, thoy wore all to be regarded as equally insurable lives, tho oonolusion whioh those facts justify is that tho plan itself had attraoted ; and this in oceordanoo with the oharaoter of its uppcal to tho instinot hopeful ness or despondonoy of lifo ; and that that lorm which would reward longevity would bo takon naturally by the applicant feeling tho certainty of his living into o.'l age; while that form whioh would reward at death only, would be takon by tho assured on the plan and terras of payment most in accord with bis doubt as to tho years of lifo ho had yot to live. Assuming this to'bo the truth, then it follows that_ the polioy-holdors of . the "term plan" deceived the company's oxaminor ; or, that, having no speoial knowlodgo of inherent weak ness, they had instinotively roaaonod to an early death. My own oonviotion, is, however, that eome truth may lie in both suppositions, but that too major truth is to be sought in the influenco of committal and tho strength of will and pride of attainment that gathers about it. If tho undertaking be of q kind that will free and sustain lifo later on there is a constant happiness in its contemplation, there is' an inspiration to. down nil obstaoles in the way of its fruition, "and a hopefulness that sustains through all toe disappoint ments of the present. Suoh an endeavour is undeniably a healthful tenia always. To. got to a brOadar understanding of my meaning, this - principle may bo stated some thing like this : If you jump withoat regard to measure, yon have no consciousness of improve ment with eaoh suocessive jump ; hut if yon fix a mark somewhere,, yon will find as yon jhmp to it there will be generated an ambition to jump still beyond it; and the ability for a farther jamp will oome with every renewed effort. " Mark higher than you can kick'" is a good rule if you want to keep up the highest standard of ability. The mind itself is often diseased, and toe first symptoms are usually obnditians of morbidity. As you oan starve the body so you can starve toe mind ; as you weaken toe body so may yon weaken the mind ; and ns you tone up tho one so may you tone up the other. The means are quite different, of oourse, but they . may be rendered equally effective. I hold that a sound mind will make a sound body ; toe strongest man I ever knew diedofqniok consumption at_tho age of 31, because he suffered hie mind, once brilliant and aggressive, to woaken under the burden of a great mistake. Eduoation and athletio training had mode of him a perfect specimen of their work, but it had not given him a moral grasp of self, nor the right understanding of the mind — though a physioian. As easily as you may train the muscles of toe arm, yon oan train the energies of the mind. It is an affair of toe will in both instanoes. Bat for this training to be oarried on successfully, there must be an objeot in view; there must bo a goal ahoad that blesses with toe anticipation. I ' hold that a man may will, if . he would, his mind into a condition of cheerfulness, bis face into a wreath of smiles, and his body into a feeling of health ; where, otherwise, if the tondenoy was not fought against, ho might heeome morbid of mind, gloomy of .presence, and physically unstrung. In a word, gentle men, I wish you to understand that I believe in suoh aprinoiple as "self-seleotion ;" that wo oan. all train for it if we will, and that if we dress for a bridal party wo may be permitted to Ides the bride, but that if we dress for a funeral we must expeot to train with tho heqrse. Having described the old plans of life insurance— and, I may say, still, the unmodified plans of the majority of lifo insuranoe companies— for tho purposes of supplying yon with some faots in the Bupport of my theory of " self-seleotion," I feel that it is duo to you, before closing my remarks, tout I should make known tho latter and more scientifically conceptod plans of the Mutual Life of Now York, .but it may not.be neoessary for me to say more than that toe thesis of these have- been olearly outlined in my two speeohes previously referred to. But I may say, how- evor, by way of enlisting your interest in toeir study, as in a new proposition of life insuranoe, that they are constructed on this theory of "self-seleotion ;" that they are oaleulated to provide income guarantees through toe later years of life ; and- that thoy make it really worth a man's while to live. Of toeir speoifio oharaotor and details of investment, you may gather the fullest information of the company's agents, or. you may obtain, on request; pamphlet copies of the Sydney, and Melbourne speeohes, whioh I think is hardly neoessary for me to state, will be found to cover more than toe popular understanding of advertisements. Bnt, perhaps, there need only/- this bo said, as showing tho merit of toe issue, as presented by toe establishment of the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York in Queensland, that, it has 'earned for its policy-holders over sixty millions of dollars besides returning to them or holding to their credit as money in land every dollar that they have ever paid into the oompany. And now, gentlemen, I have had my eay ; and had I not felt toe company's jiolioy- holders here, and toe company's ngonts, had expected this of me, Ishoulahave much preferred but tho in dulgence of a few remarks, in too satisfaction of extending a larger latitude to the admitted talent that is here to-night. As it is, toe only indemnity I can promise myself is tiuit I will stay with toe last speaker until he has said his last word. Gentlemen, this is hot only the close of my remarks to-night, but my public goodbye to Australia. I shall leave your heantifnl Queensland with only, about time enough to got comfortably off on toe Ciotat on Saturday week. It was for this moment that I had reserved my intended eulogy of the Australian ; it was now 'that I intended to say those nice things to you face to face that I have been so frequently- saying behind your hook. I have never failed in tho ease of this before, but just now, the one refrain running in my mind — meaning more than 'you can imagine, gentlemen, and to moro than you may tmow — ie " Good-bye." (The speech was listened to throughout' with profound attention, and at its olose it was loudly ap- Hon. 1. Donamson, M.L, A., proposed the toast of " Australia." In doing so, he said that toe toast of Australia was a great ordor. Had he known that Professor Stewart . intended writing a book on Australia ho would have gone to the trouble of preparing some statistics,, whioh he bolioved would have been of interest to the professor in his undertaking. The toast' was rather an innovation. At any rate, that was the first time ho haa seen it upon a toast list. He thought, how ever, it was a very appropriate one, beoauso Australia was undoubtedly con nected with Amerioa in many ways. The people of both countries had sprang from the one raoo, they spoke toe. same language, and he felt proud to think that Australia was growing, ana would booomo if not tho greatest, one of too greatest, nations in the world. (Hear, hear.) Tho Australian pooplo had learnt many lessons from the Americans, and porhaps in the future it would ho our duty and privilege to tnrn round, and holp them. (Applause.) For instonco, nearly all tho mining maohluory used to develop our gold minos in tho oarly days had been obtained from America. Certainly some of it had boon iniprovod upon here, and ndaptod to our re quirements, and ho believed that tho Americans had aooopted thoso improvements and brought them into uso. Then again, with rogard to our political system ho thought no greater compliment could bo paid to Amotion than that whioh wasuoeordodhorby tho convention whioh recently met in Sydnoy to disouss tho question of Australian federation, tho prinoipal part of the new constitution having boon takon from tho American constitution. (Ohoors.) Ho did not intend to indulge in any " spreadoagleiem" with rogard to Australia that night. (Hear, hear) He was a native-born Australian — (hoar, hear) — and proud of his country — (hoar, hoar)— and also proud of tho raco from which ho had sprung. (Clicors.) It wa3 only a few yoars since, too first native Australian died, so that Australia was a yonng country. Our population had increased to 3,000,000 persons, and there was no doubt that there was a great future before us if its varied conditions with rogard to ohmato, produots, and mauufaoturos were token into coneidoration- Wlto an enterarising people- such as were in- Australia, he .believed that toe. potentialities . of tho future wore something onormous. It must bo borne in mind that great difficulties had to bo oneonntorod in tbo oarly days by porsons desirous of coming out here, so that for many yoars the population in creased slowly. But during the lust 50 years tho incroaso nad been onormous. Tho discovery of our golditclds brought out an enterprising population from many lands, and ns he had said we wore under great obligations to tho Americans. Ho was not' speaking of tho sooial or political, hut of tho praotioal difficulties with rogard to tho formation of a new nation. Then again on enormous amount of publio works lmd been carried out in Aus tralia during tho last 40 years. Although our public debt— and ho was speaking all through of Australia as a whole — was a large one, he would remind thorn that it had not b.eeuinourred by war. (Hoar, hear.) Tho money borrowed had boon usefully employed in the development of tho resonroes of the country. (Applause.) The hulk of tho monoy had been epont in the construction of railwuys, whioh were necessary, or at least many of thorn wore necessary, for the development of tho resouroes of tho country. (Hoar, hear) It was quite true that we had gone a little toe fast and that the oxisting depression was due to this oause But ho did not take a pessimistic viow of the situation. (Hear, hoar.) All countries at all times had gone through theso periods of de pression, and had como out of them, and lie. was certain that we would do the same, Had it not boen for the ex penditure of borrowed money, in tho extension of our railways, qnd the carrying out of the publio works, our. resources would have been developed very slowly. He thought tho financial difficulty in whioh the country had been landed was of a. temporary nature, and would soon pass away, and that in a few years' pnblio works wonld go on . just as toey had done before. If they would look at toie wealth of the country he thought they could , take a hopeful view of the situa tion. Look at toe enormous amount of our exports, suoh as gold, and wool, and grain, whioh wore sent to all parts of the world. The possibility of increasing these exports was ex ceedingly groat, and he believed that in a tow years we would be toe rival of Amerioa in the exportation of grain; He regretted that he haa not had tho privilege of visiting America, and promised to give Professor Stewart nil the information and help at hie command to assist him in writing his proposed book on Australia. At a time like this ne aid not think they could honour a more fitting toast than " Prosperity to Australia." (Applause). The toast, was enthusiastically honoured. Hon. T. j. Btbxes, M.L.O., Solicitor- Gene ral, who was loudly applauded, responded to toe toast. Ho expressed the pleasure it gave him to meet Professor Stewart, and' to listen to liis able address that evening. Mr. Donaldson had said that he hod not soon snoh a toast on a toast list before. He eould go one better, and eay that whon at Thursday Island not long ago tho regular toast on tho toast list was " Tho Commonwealth of Aus tralia" — a toast which was always received with too greatest enthusiasm there, because in that part of Queensland they wore alive to the advantages to he gained by Australian federa tion. (Oheers) ' Thursday Island was tho very gateway to tho north-eastern part of Australia; 'thoy were to have a garrison stationed thero, and that toast always' found a place at their sooial gatherings. Thero was a good deal to he said in favour of introducing a matter of that sort into sooial gatherings, because all great movements had their origination in sentiment-- (hear, hear) — and the sentiment of federation would be encouraged in no Bmnll way by tho inclu sion of suoh a toast in the toast list at their sooial gatherings. It showed that Australia was maoh more than a more geographical ex pression, that it was moro than a mere name on tho map, and that„it was n habitation and home of a nation. They would remember that a distinguished statesman once proposed to appropriate the name of Aus tralia to one of tne- colonies of the group — (laughter) — and how was the proposal received P Why,_it was killed with ridicule. Australia must inolnde the . whole continent ; and we here in this portion of it could claim a fair shuro in the name and titlo of Australia. Thoro was a common expression which ran " Australia for toe Australians" — (hear, hear)— and he believed in that senti ment implioitty, but only in toe higher sense. As Australians, they were determined as for as they conld ' that this ' country should bo governed by ideas whioh wore truly Australian. Their ideas might be gathered from other nations, hut they were determined that toeso ideas would be tested by their own local ex perience ; and if they " passed muster " here then they wonld have toe stamp of Australia, and in that sense they would adhere to toe motto, "Australia for the Australians." (Oheers.) They were all glad to see the oompany whioh Professor Stewart represented established in toeir midst He believed in nnmnctitinn. He did not. believe in setting up a ring fence round Australia to keep men, or money, or enterprise ont of tho oountry. Such a polioy, in his opinion, would be an absolute failure, and wonld have about the samo effect as the erection of toe groat wall in China had upon those who built it. He did not believe m a polioy of absolute isolatiin, and he was pleased to see the Americans coming here to exploit us. if thoy could. (Laughter.) In some reapeots the colony of Queensland had received the greatest benefits from America. Two experts had reoently been engaged from Amerioa, the one to teaoh toe farmer how to produce his goods and the other to instruot the grazier in the art of meat preservation, and he ad no doubt that these gentlemen wonld do tho colony a great deal of good. In tho neigh bouring colony the greatest silver field in' the world had boon developed by an Amerioan mining engineer. He did not think that onr local insuranoe institutions had anything to fear in tho matter of . competition, beoauso the field here for inBurahoe enterprise was very wide, and the more oompa'nies there were the more pooplo would benefit by toe system of life insuranoe IVith our increasing population there was plenty of soope, not only for our looal companies, but for other institutions also. He was glad to hear that the company whioh Mr. Stewart re presented was going to' stay here ; that it was not a- bird' of passage. If it did not show its bona-fidos he oould hot prediot for it any measure of suooess. The publio should insist n two ' things with regard to 'life insurance companies. In the first place, foreign oompanies should show that they nod a'substantial stake iu the oountry by investing their monoy hero. He trusted the oompany wonld also > build here, as they were about to do in Sydney. (Mr. Stewart: "As soon as the polioy-holders want it.") He was glad to hear it ; and he believed it would bo a good thing for the company ifcsolf, as well as for theoolony. In smallormattora Auetraliahadbeen able to toaoh Amerioa, and klso the world. For instance, ono of the things whioh had been 'agitated for of into yoars in Amerioa, and whioh ho was glad to say had be9n oarried through tho legislature, was what was oalled the Australian system of ballot. (Cheers) Tbo adoption of that system had marked a turn in the political history of Eng land. Hero, in Australia, it wns in operation from too beginning, but in Amerioa it was held to bo a salutary reform; und judging by what ho had road eon- corning tho method of voting in Amorioa, thoy wero badly in nood of something of too kind. Then, again, Australia wns ahead of the world in tho matter of tho law relating to real pro perty. (Hear, hoar.) This might seem a small thing, but, in reality, it was a vory large ques tion. This law hud not yot boon introdueod' into Amerioa ; in fnot, things that had been wiped out irt Englaud oontnrios ago woro still in forco in Amorioa ; and he did not think that Profossor Stewart oould do better than to got tho law relating to roal pro perty placed on tho elatuto book of tho United States. (Mr. Stownrt : ' ' Your statements will bo oiroalatod throughout tho longth and breadth of Amerioa within the next six months.") An amendment liko that struck bun with torror- (Laughtor) Australia was the first to lntro- duoo this law; and if it wero passodin England, ho boliovod it would make an absolute revolu tion in the matter of land tenure : and. inn toad, of the land bolng in the hands of tho few it would bo in tho hands of the many. This, he believed, was the solution of a great many of the sooial .problems of the world. As toe title was hard to prove, ond expensive, and no guarantee could' bo given of title, the lands remained in toe hands of the aristooratio fow, instead of passing' into the hands of the toiling many. (Loud oheers) Ho was pleased to hoar that Professor Stewart wns collcoting material with too object of writing a book on Australia, Thoro wero some people who camo out to Australia and wrote books, bnt who told stories — (laughter) — and tho average Aus tralian whon he saw himself in that hook hardly, recognised the pioture. Ho was sure, how- ovor, that Profossor Stewart was a man who would deal with faots. It had boon one of the trouble with regard to Australia that those who had written about us had not told the truth. On the ono hand Australia had heen held up as an El Dorado, a place whero personsoould oome to, and in a very short time raakoa fortune, and then go home and spend their money. He wanted Australia to bo painted in its truo light, whero a man if he hud fair luok could oome and make for himself a fair place in tho world. On the other hand there wore persons who had painted us as a nation of borrowers, and of repn- diators ; as a nation who extraoted largo sums of monoy from the British creditor, and had squandered.it on publiu works to bribe the working olassos for politioal ends. Fro- feasor' -Stewart had come at a time when too colony was in a very depressed condition and therefore ho had seen the country afc its worst) Australia was subject to these- periodical waves of depression. ' He had read Of travellers who, -. when travelling aoroJs a certain part of. this country at a certain period of the year, had found it an absolute desert. - Three years lutor another exploring party visited too interior, hnt thoy could tin) no desert, owing to tho rains whioh had fallen in the interval having olothed tho country with a < ooat of grass. Even in the same way the. seasons' of finanoiol prosperity in Australia follow on too soiispns of finanoiol ndvefsity. All he asked Professor.' Stewart to ao was to paint us in onr truo colours. Mr. Byrnes conoluded as follows : "You can- soo that we are a people with a groat problem before iu. Wo are engagod in too arduqna task of building up a great nation or empire, and although we are engaged in building 'up the empire,, you oan teU the people of America that, so. far as the people of Australia are concerned, we ore perfectly content that tho Australian ampiro shall be an empire within ci greater empire. (Ohoors) Vfo , recognise that this is an ago of great empires. If you look toe whole world rofiud you will see that that has been too politioal tendency for the lost 20 yoars, and we are following ont the, samo line, feeling that it would be . of great advantage to ns- to bo an omplre within a groator empire. (Choers) You oan teU too people of the world iu yonr book that such ore our aspirations. We are engaged in trying to oope with great diffi culties. We are in our porlpd . of deproseion, largely brought about by over speculation with the money thrust upon us by the people at homo who ore now running us down. (Hear, hear.) We ore engaged in a most horoio battle all throughout Australia. We have been aooustomed - to handling large sums of' money, and now . we are engaged in tho hitter task of retrenchment, and are trying to make both ends meet after a long period of finanoial booming. We in Queensland have set our shoulders to toe wheel and nro determined that come what may we will make both ends meet. (Oheers.) This is not to bo done by repudiation; toe publio oreditor is to bo satisfioa. We are determined that all ebullitions' against sooial law and ordor shall beput down— (hear, hear)— that these temporary outbursts shall find no place in onr midst. (Applause) Dcmooratia as Australia is we are determined that the humblest man in our midst shall bo ontitlod' to purstto his avoca tion unmolested, and his savings and earnings are to be his and his alone. Wo here , in Aus tralia, although we have these ideas of order, are as demooratio' a pooplo as there is on the- faco of the earth, wo are not demooratio in the sense that a man's private, property is to bo at toe meroy of any spoiler. Every office in tho State atia. in the publio service, and every ohanoe to go upon too land is open to liny man who comes amongst us . and proves his right to bur bitizensmp. (Cheers.) Thero ought to be no higher de- mooraoy than that. Every man of this country is in the position of a soldier in Napoleon's army, ho carries a marshal's baton in his knap sack. We are engaged in' building up suoh ft country from seven different sources, but although we are bnilding up this state in . this way we havo not lost eight of toe great goal which we hope to see realised—the federation of those great States into one, preserving onr local autonomy, hut going on until wo have arrived at the consum mation of all qiir political ends. (Cheers) These seven States will then bo blended into one, even as the rainbow Jin the heavens with its seven tints, and toon will Australian federation stand ont amongst all the people of the earth as an instance of a whole oontinent, peopled by a -kindred people,, without internal dissension going on steadfastly to progress and to prosperity, ftlld will afford a pledge of peace to too peoples and an emblem pf hope to the nations of the earth. (Prolonged applause.) The Hon. A. Rutwicce, M.L. A., gave " Our American Cousins," and said toe toast whioh he had toe honour to propose was one whioh demanded for the adequate expression of its olaims both ' more ability of the speaker and more time for preparation than had been granted to him. It had been imposeiblo for Him at the short space of time at hia disposal to in any ptoper degree quality himself for the- discharge of tho duty which had been imposed upon him by Mr. IColynaok, whose persistent refusal to ncoept anything in too shape of an ' exouee from him was solely responsible tor his appenranoo in that oapaoity. The toast was "Our Amerioan CouBine," and he was sore there would be no dissentieut when he said that too .man who undertook to do justioe to that subjeot, undertook to fulfil what in Amerioa and some - other parts of the world- would ho designated a vory large order. (Ap- - plause.) It must ho a- souroo of pride and grati- noation to every man in that room that evening to know that the Americans wero 4 'our oonsins. . ' (Appluuso.) Descended from too same im- perishable stock ,ns that from which thoy'- - themselves hod sprung, thoy felt - that the - Amerioans wero united to them . by a tie- strongor far than that which had its origin' '- in more sentimont, or in too forming or signing of politioal treaties. They felt that 'thoy were bound by a tie which -was moro - sacred, and'' one whioh was acknowledged by everyone, no matter what his oalling or creed might be, too sacred - tie of kin ship. (Applause) They were separate- people, it was true, hnt they were one, not withstanding, in all tho essentials of raoe, boasting of ono common anoestry and'indls- solubly united together in too bond of a common language and a common' faith.. '(Applause.) America and the Americana constituted a sub jeot of contemplation that mast bo of : unfailing interest to ovecy thoughtful person; The phenomenal growth .of the 'Amerioan population, and the equally marvellous development of Amorioan institutions dur ing the hundred years or thereabouts whioh had elnpsed since tho nohiovoment of indepen dence, furnished iffia most startling and striking pictures' "which.." could bo mot with by tho mun of', inquiry or the student' of tho olvilisation of tno nineteenth oontnry. (Applause) How wore they to aooount for all that ? Thoy accounted . for it in many ' ways, but ho J thought, it ' was ohiofly to be aocounted for by the foot that tho Americans combined in themselves all tho bost characteris tics of tho Saxon, and the Norman, nnd the Colt, They oombincd togothor all tho higher qualities wliioh had distinguished thoir progenitors iu - England, Ireland, and Scotland through many centuries of stirring history. (Applause) And it was not only to bo accounted tor in that way, but ho thought it was to bo partly ncoounted for also by tho consideration of thoir national- cucuinstimoo and surroundings — two important factors in tho formation of. national oharaoter. It had been said, and ho thought truly said, that nature was ou a vast scalo in America. All tho natural objects which raot tho eye of tho traveller wero great. In Amonca they had groat mountains, groat rivers, groat lakoa, great prairies, great trees, groat mineral deposits, and vast stores of oil do-1" posited in tlio boivols of tho oarth ; and having thoso grout tiiingji around them to oxeito them to greatness in toemsolvcty > . tho institutions whioh had grown up -ty : :." America during tho last century were all on ft. '' correspondingly vast soole. In Amerioa toty .' had the greatest institutions ; of modern -times, . . -Th'ey had tho greatest . manufactories, .' the. ' . greatest lines of railway, tho -greatest piles of :i:-',' .>arbhitebture, and-' nit the -groatost .'. aids ' to' .- modern. human progress to ho fpund anywhere ;.i!Hoh(th'o'faco of the habitable jjlobo. Among those institutions was certainly to be mentioned great institution whioh was represented by . 7 ;'iheir eloquent and learned friend, Professor ' ' fltewnrt, who had so dolighted thorn nil by his ' able speech that ovonirig, (Applause.) In Australia thoy woro aooustomed to boast, and very proporly so too, of tho Australian Mutual Provident Sooioty, the Mutual'Life Association of Anstralia, and other kindred institutions of purely oolonial origin,- but among tho greatest institutions of a- finanoial oharaoter in tho world was to bo found tho Mutunl Lifo Insurance Company of Now York — a colossal institution whioh now bestrodo two hemi spheres. Thon tboro was tho growth of American invention, but tho benefioiont results of all tho greatness which was \- the characteristic of tho Amorican mind, wero not confined to America. In Queens land thoy had boon privileged to partioi- pato in it to Bomo extent, and the benefits whioh resulted from ' Amorican invention woro spread over tho wide world. Thoy owed the telephone and tho phonograph, whioh woro destined to play a largo and important part in tho civilisation of tho world in tho immediate futuro, to Amerioa. Thoy owed, also, tho per fected system of clcotrio lighting of thoir oitics, and there wero many othor things whioh thoy owed to tlio inventivo gonitis of America. Therefore, it beoamo overy man on un occasion like that not only . to fool, but to oxproBS his gratification that ho was able to strotoli out his hand and grasp tho hand of the visitor from America, recognising in liim not only a man and a cousin,, but a man and a brother. (Loud applause.) Much liud been Buid in admiration of America, -by" previous speakers, and as to wliut was duo to' American enterprise and gonitis ; but as imitation wus tho sincerest form of flattery he thought Aus tralians had shown thoir ndmiration _ for America in the most practical manner possible. Mr. Donaldson had brought before them tlie foot that tho lato convention, whioh held its sittings in Sydney to draft a constitution for tho Australian Commonwealth, was framed chiefly upon tho provisions contained in tho great American constitution, and Amorica, which had during tlio last hundred yoars or so grown from a family of feoblo and compurativoly divided provinces to tho position of tho groatost commonwealth tlio world hud ever seen, wns worthy of their imitation. (Applause.) If they only noted up to thoir own device, "Advance, Australia," they would develop on tho lines of America, until within tho compass of 100 years from now thoir children would realise in this Australian land, und under these southern skies, not only a Greater Britain, but a Greater United States. (Loud applause.) Tho toast having boon duly honoured, Mr. W. J. Wxi.tnf.cill, the United States consul, re sponded. Mo said that Mr. Butledgo bad loft but littlo for him to say, except to thank them very cordially for tho manner in which tho toast hod been received. Ho was sure he could say on behalf of tho Americans that thoy folt just as wurm towards Australians as Australians did towards them. They had descended from tho samo parent stock, and tho homo of both was in Groat Britain. One brother had gone from Great Britain to Amorica, and become an American, and another hud gono to Australia, and become an Australian. That, howovor, did not interfere with thoir relationship. ( Apphruso.) Tho institution whioh Professor Stowurt repre sented was ono of tho greatest corporations ot the world, and was managed by men wbo stood in tho very highest finanoial circles in Now York. , If suoh men as those singled out Australia as a field for investment, bought land, and put up suoh largo buildings as it was intended to fiut up, it was an evidence of faith in the utureof tho country, and Australians should not have any fear of tho future. (Applause.) There was no doubt America had oxporiencea the same tronblo which Australia was now passing through, but thoy had learned lessons 'from thoir troubles, and Australia should do the same. Thoy had, ho believed, ovory reason in Australia to look forward to a fair future. (Applause.) Mo had again to thank the Hon. A. Rutledgo for tho eloquent and hearty manner in whioh ho had proposed tho toast of "Our American Cousins," and to thank tho gentlemen present for iho onthusiasm with ' which they rocoived it. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. J. Mathieson, Chief Commissioner for Hallways, gave tho toast of "The Press of Australia." He said ho regretted that tho toast had fallen to Mb hands, becauso he felt sure that any man well versed in tho ability whioh the Ptobs of Australia showed in the diaohorgo of its onerous dutios could dilate on the subjeot for a whole day. His experience of tho Press of Australia could bo summed up in a very few words; but if thoy turned to the Argus and the Age of Melbourne, the Herald und Daily Telegraph of Sydney, and the , Courier, Telegraph, and Observer of Brisbane, ho ' v'i thought thoy would agreo with him that thoy A ; 'v in Australia a Press seoond to ' none, of tho recognised old established papers of othor parts of the world, suoh as ihu Times aud tho New York Herald.- Ho was afraid it would bo out of place for him to refer . to tho great abilities and enterprise displayed by the proprietors of tho Press of Austraba, but they would agree with him that groat onorgy and enterprise was shown, becauso thoy bod to gather news of things over a wide area of country, where very littlo if any news was to be got. (Laughtor' 'and applauBO.) They would also agreo with him tliat they had in their midst gentlemen who wore socond to nono in thoir ability in carrying forward the great undertaking in whioh they woro ongagod. (Applause.) The toast was vety cordially received. Mr. R. Gailbv, one of tho proprietors of tho Courier, responded, in tho absence of Mr. 0. H. Buzacott, and said it was the duty of tho Press to aim at moulding public opinion, and direoting tho sontimont of tho Australians on tho right course. Personally, ho could nay that ho would toaoh his ohildren tho importanoo of lifo insurance, because it' abolished workhouses. It abolished poverty, and mado provision for old age, and was really ono of tho most aotivo social requirements of modern times. In for warding the system of lifo insnrimco tho Press had done a great deal, and -he hoped it would still do a great amount of usofnl work in direct ing the right course of notion to be pursued in Australia. (Applause.) . . Mr. J. R. H. .Lewis, .sub-editor of tho Tele graph, also responded. He was extremely sorry thatMr.Buzaoott wasnot present to respond to tho > toast, becauso that gentleman had a right to bo \- regarded as a representative of Australian '/ ' journalists. Ho (Mr. Lewis), however, folt par ticularly honoured in having to respond . to the toast, for ho thought there was very muoh 'to be proud of in. any conneotion with the V Press of Australia, though ho ; was not going to sound its virtues; In Australia they looked to thoPress of America for, agopd many things, bnt.they worked here pn different linos in several xespeots to those on whioh the Press in . older countries was conducted. Hero they hod few' men working as specialists or in grooves, as thoy V did in England and elsewhere. But tlio menhero who did the " hard yaokqr " in journalism had to , ho possessed of the most versatile genius. \- They hod to bo. prepared aj; - a moment's . notice to interview, ;' for-' instance, men like. \- General Booth' and'-'Petor Jaokson, the latest V sooiaUst, and ovon . Professor Stewart ; ' they ' hod to waylay Ministers, of .the Grown,, and badgor commissioners of railways. But they owed a good deal tq Amorioan journalism. Very muoh of American journalism had boon imported into Australia; and- thoy were, vory glad indocd to follow, their methods, because 1 they wero more adopted to this country than \- perhaps tho methods of pldor countries, par ticularly Eniriand and Scotland; . The gentle man who 'should have first responded . to the . : toast might bo considered na representing the. \- leading artiolo. Somebody had said that tho -paragraph was mightier than the.. leader, but : the Amorican pressman had said' that '.tho -. , startling headline was tlio mightiest of nil. ' :' Somo peoplo vonturo to say that soiuotimes the >'' paragraphs had raorn point than' tho loader '-K'.- However; as ho had said, Australian journalism i> fe owed a good deal to America. The rapid " maohines whioh turned out the papers in fliis '11 and other oities woro concoivod and fashioned in the brain of an American, perhaps combined i -.with English industry. Somo pressmen were "disposed to think little of American methods, -'bUt they had,' in.' bis opinion, been found tho panics might find- the motoods of the -Amorioan -sooieties useful to them. Bu matters of. business, a hoalthy rivalry has -been found advantageous . both' for Amerioa and Australia, and that was '©dually as truo in regard to journalism as in othor things. Whon Amerioa sent to us, from time to time, her eons of ' oulture and entorpriso thoy might bo sure of a hearty wel come. (Hear, hoar.) Thoy were particularly glad to see Americans who made their inquiries with bo muoh intolligonce as thoir gnost, Professor Stewart. (Hoar, hoar.) All this was bringing them nearer tho great goal to whioh thoy wore hastening, not only the federation of Australia, but thogreat federation of tho Anglo-Saxon raco. (Hear, hoar.) Thoy would when that day camo, as oome he behoved it would, all rejoico at tbo realisation of what now only seemed to bo tho dream of tho. poot, as ex pressed in tho words " Hands Aoross the Sea." (Applauso.) Ho thankod them for the hearty way they had drunk tho toast. Mr. Rutledqe said that as the toast list had been completed he would take the liberty of proposing tho health of thoir chairman, tho manager of the company in Queensland. Mr. Kolynaok was a gentleman who had not boon a very great while a resident in Queensland, but ho was very woll known to many, and hod mado numerous friends einoehisarrival hero. Ho wns a gentleman of oulturo and a kindly, gonial disposition, and took a great interest, in their sootal institutions, particularly in thoir xnusioal oulturo. (Applause.) In addition to that he bore a name that was well known and honoured by many in Australia, and was in himself worthy of all tho respect and honour thoy could givo him. He asked them to drink to the health of Mr. Kolynaok, their host. Tho toast having boon musically honoured, tho OnAinjiAK thanked them for tho kindly way in whioh tho toast had been proposed and received. Hb had. had paouliar ploaBuro that evening, and ho did not think tho plea sure of anyone there could havo been greater than his. He bad to tbank them for tho compliment they had paid bim in accept ing the invitations to bo present, but he took it more as an honour paid to Professor Stewart and the oompany he represented than to him self. Muoh had been said about America and the groat things of Amerioa, but. Professor Stewart had not told them what ho oould tell them about him. Professor Stewart was a man of great literary ability of poetio vein. He was a man who had studied science, medicine, and law, and had made liis mark in the inventions of tho United States. (Applause.) In the cotton mills of America might be found a machine for tbo manufacture of cotton, which had hcon invontcd by Professor Stewart. (Applause.) Tho professor was therefore a round man who filled a round hole, and left no Bpoces. He again thanked them for their pre sence, and wished them a very goad-night. (Applause.) Tho proceedings then terminated. 