ROLLING STOOKi"-1- >- Thirty-fifth Day. --Wednesday, 9 to August. '. The 35tli day of Speight v. Symo wns pro fitably passed on Wednesday by judge, jury and counsel acquiring information about the charac ter 'of some of the rolling stook employed on the "Victorian railways. Four expert witnossos wero undor examination, and they kept tlie court engaged throughout tho day considering and estimating the valuo of old truoks doomed to a premature death, and discussing tlie teohnical details of nowly designed "buffers." But before launching upon this deep sea of praotioal truok building, Mr. Duffy led off with a slight diversion into the antecedents of the first export, Mr. T. Holroyd, who on the previous day was examined at length by Mr. I'urves, and gave some interesting evidenco. Months ago Mr. Holroyd was transferred from tho Newport workshops to the oxisting lines branoh, nnd Mr. Duffy harped for a timo on this transfer, but only olioitcd from the witness tbo statement that tho, transfer came as a big surprise to him. His Honor interposed that all this had nothing whatever ' to do with the case, and tho learned counsel aftor- a briof consultation , decided to drop the; matter. Mr. Furres, when re examining, sought to give tho witness nn opportunity of clearing up any indireot slur cast upon him, but his Honor again interposed that there was no ocoaBion to do so. . Turning to matters more relovant to the onse, Mr. Duffy questioned tlio witness about tho style of the passenger carriages broken up. Mr. Holroyd stated that some of tho old - first olass passenger carriages were running daily, and thought it would bo wiser to rido in repaired old oarriages than in oattlo truoks or medium wag gons, as people often have to do at holiday times. Over his cstimato of the cost of applying the Wostinghouso brake to truoks, some merriment was caused by the diffioulty whioh the learned counsel cxperienoed in omulating a certain his torical personage who wa9 reputed to bo able to carry on simultaneously threo mental operations. Mr.Duffy tried only two, and failed. During oross-oxamination the coun sel wrestled with a small column of figures, but Mr. Qolroyd's original estimate of £28 Is. as the cost of fitting the Wcstinghouso brake to trucks proved corrcot, and tho witness having passed tbo examination in his- addition wub next ahallonged about his faith in "transom bars," "swing link oarriers" rind "transom oentro plates." These references to " bars,", "plates" arid "carriers " wero not mado in an alimentary sense, and had a direct bearing upon tho less exhilarating subjeot of tlio dofcotivc . designs of aertnin truoks. Tlio witness was also asked to pronounco an opinion upon a despised buffer guide of tho old style, which hnd keen resoued from the sorap heap. Tlii3 buffer, tlio witness Btated, was right and Bound and still sorvioe- able. ! Tho pictorial art was laid under contribution to assist in developing evidence givon about certain old trucks labelled Q, and a quaint piece of departmental correspondence was also pro- dnaod botwocn the late Locomotivo Superinten dent, Mr. Allison Smith, and Mr. Feel, -work shops manager, about the aotnnl number of Q truoks in cxistonee. According to Mr. Allison Smith's hooks there should havo been 29, but the traffio branoh bravely held that eight of tho number wore mere phantoms or ghosts of truoks departed to tlio hottor laiid. As a matter of fnot tlio trafiio branoh was right Throe -of tlio truoks were put hors tie combat in somo accident, nnd "lay on a bank" until, finally smashed up. Two others wero transfigured iiito coal stages, nnd, oharming vagueness; tiicrn was no record to show, what lind become of some half ;dozen other Q truoks, whioh consequently lippearod in the "missing friends" column of the departmental records. . Evidence as to oow Octobers being nnnoocssary Oil well fenced linos was given by Jlr. R. Jones, foreman and fitter. Mr. R. B. Underwood, whoso ohief employ men tnt Newport is fittingnnd repair ing brakes, deposed that tho brake should trover havo been. applied to truoks becauso of tho heavy initial1 cost and tho cost of maintonnuqe. A band . brake : . wnB. suffioiont for truoks, but ; if . a .continuous brake.- wero. . ucoes- sary, by on , expenditure .'of £5 per truok Mr.- Underwood .would, ndnpt tlio >Vopds'brqko. According to , another witness tho cost of, tho \Vestinghouse hrnko:wnB £28 Is. per truok. Tho last wituoss- .examined was Mr. E. Eustace, fitter nt Nowport, who sriid about 700 or '800 t'rueks hod been broken .rip at Newport,, any of wliialqaoiild havo; )ieqn ndvantageously repaired nt nii.expe.iiditnroi.of £25 enoli. Tlio cost of a now truok would po £75 without -wheels. '..'The discarded wheels in: the Nowport yjrds would probably bo.1600; pairs, -.nil of-wliioli wero quite fitforuse., Muoh .evidonce wns given by tlie same ;wilnoss;as,,to tho defects :of tho uo.w J trucks, horn plates rind dtriw oliriiris. 