SATURDAY, DECEMBER 23, 180S, m For native-born Australians the Christmas of literaturo and of their fathers is a faint and unrealised dream. They know nothing of the joys ol' mince-pies and Christmas "?waits," of holly-berries and mistletoe. AVo havo tho Christmas of the fervent South instead of the cold North ; and instead of leafless trees, and silont ice-bound streams and hill slopos white in snow, which make the landscape of an English or Scottish Christmas, wo havo brown grass, perspiring picnics, and heat-Hooded azuro skies. But tho essential meaning of tho Christmas season is unchanged under all skies ; and still, in tho air of this new world, wo may in LONG- FELLOW'S words hear ". . the bolla on Clinstmns Day Their old, fnmiliur carola play ; And, wild mid sweet, Tho words repeat 0£ peace on eartb, goodwill to men I" But the songs of poets, alas 1 are too ofton in melancholy conflict viitii the proso of facts, and a cynic .«night well ask how far does Christian history justify tho creod or fulfi| the hopes which Christmas represents. In a sense Christmas itself is a symbol aud proof of tho triumph of Christianity. Tho festival may, as a matter of anti- quarian history, havo its roots in somo ancient form of sun-worship or in wild ritual celebrated in tho doptlis of Gorman forests in honour of ODIN or ISERCHTA. But the evoiit of Christmas has subdued all those sur- vivals of ancient heathenism to itself, and tho festival to-day is as wide | as Christendom, and is absolutely Christian in moaning. At Christmas tho civilised world in |a seBBo_ stands still for a moment; it loáis backwards across twentv centum, and listens to hear above llio tunn.lt of tho stroots and tho din ol i-olitiu, and pleasure vvhatMiuioN calls «u_ bass of Heaven's doon organ louring on men's ours afresh the music 0f the first Christmas. Perhaps tho )U03t 8jgniucarit and t least noticod, proof of tho secular influonco of Ohristianity is the de- gree m which it Jms changed the chronology of ^11 civilised nations livery almanac i. a now, unconscious but overwhelming proof of how pr¿ foundly Christian'ty has romado tho world. Why did \ho nations, without debato, or concert, »r troaty, begin to date thoir time fiom tho Birth at Bethlehem, At th» bidding of what ' impulso d5 all civilisol mon count their years from the fist Christmas? Civilised chronology '_ itself a 8¡)ont and unconscious acknowledgment that tho Nativity, whatever its theological interest, ¡B, as a secular fact, tim greatest ovent in liisttry. It has, in fact, ro-shaped history and re-dated chronology. Civilised thoo begins with it. All evonts before that Birth have lost thoirsignificanco. History Itself was bom with the birth of what was, in a human sonso, tho child of a Jewish peasant-mother in a petty Jewish village. If tho Christian calendar be taken, the area over which ii prevails is simply co-oxtonsivo with civilisation. Only within its bounds is thjught freo, or lifo bold sacred, or childhood pro- tected, or woman reckoned as man's oqual. The civilisation of to-day has, no doubt, many points of failure" ; but at least it is the highest humm develop- ment of which history holds any record ; and all civilised nations some- how, obeying some mysterious whisper, count thoir years from tho first Christmas. ' And yet a non-Christinn critic might urgo with great plausibility that the facts of the world to-day, so far from fulfilling the sublimo prophecy of the first Christmas, aro a satire upon it, Tho "kilospear and shield" aro cer- tainly not " high up hung " to-day. They aro only transformed into repeat- ing Hiles and Maxim guns. And so far from tho kings of the earth " sitting " still with awful oyo " in tho presenco of " the dreaded infant " of Bethlehem, they aro busy preparing for tho most dreadful war that ewe. shook thu planet, Tho most striking and characteristic products of tho nineteenth Christian contury nro dynamite and torpedoes, war-ships that resemble nothing so much as floating Gibraltars, nnd guns that can Hing sholls big onougli to destroy a small town ovor Mont Blane itself ! Germany and Franco have practically drilled their last man and purchased their last cartridge, Italy is semi batikrupt with tho cost of its military system. England must build a yet vaster Hoot, and Franco invent yet moro deadly torpedoes. Evon America, parted by the Atlantic from European politics, must join in tho mad com-. petition for tho biggest guns and tho most deadly explosives. The armies of Europe to-day would swallow up the hosts of XERXES, the legions of CÆSAR, tho phalanxes of ALEXANDER, and all the hordes that ravaged and murdered under ATTILA or GHENGIS KHAN, and not find there more than a decent mouthful. " Peace on earth " certainly does not accurately de- scribe the international conditions of to-day ; nor is tho great- prophecy fulfilled in tho domestic politics of states. Dynamite has suddenly emerged as a force in politics. Every Parlia- ment sits with an uneasy sense that the ghost of GUY FAWKES is wandering through its galleries or its cellars, and that at any moment its debates may he punctuated with bombs. Human society under all skies is corroded with class hates and race hates ; with disguised civil war between the " haves" and the " have nots ;" between the man who buys labour and tho man who sells it. It would undoubtedly be easy to paint tho physiognomy of the Christian world at the end of tho nineteenth century in tints of mere "earthquake " and eclipse ;" and yet tho picture, as thus drawn, would assuredly be a crude and clumsy caricature. A great river, after all, is not to be judged by its eddies, that turn back, fretted by straws, along its margin, but by its central and full - volumed stream. Christianity triumphs not so much by revolutionising social forms as by subtly changing the world's thought and moulding its ideals to new shapes, And all the ideals of tho modern world are emphatically Christian. Even tho anarchist with his gospel of dynamite, who wants to blow up the world, desires to do so that he may re-make it on what are, though he knows it not, Christian lines. The world is hungry for a larger freedom and happier con- ditions of life. It is impatient of tho existence of suffering. It grows nobly wrath against injustice. And, in essence, these are tho social ideals of Christianity, expressed in blundering fashion, no doubt, and sought by blun- dering methods. But Christianity has conquered tho social ideals of the world, and is visibly writing on them its own superscription. And these new ideals will slowly but inevitably re shape to their own likeness all the external forms of society. Men, it may be added, are unwisely impatient for results. It takes ages of geologic timo to change the molten lava flung out by a volcano into solid basalt. It takes yet new ages to disintegrate tho basalt into the brown volcanic soil on which flowers may blossom and harvests wavo. And what vast spaces of timo aro necessary to ro-mako human nature and rogenorato human society! A century in that great process is but as a singlo swing of the pendulum m tho great clock of timo. But if wo desire to know how yast is the pro- gress of Christian civilisation in even ono poor century, wo havo but to stop backward in imagination from tho Christmas of 1893 to that of 1703. Europe a century ago was a circle of oppressed states, with Franco a sort of political Vesuvius, just break- ing into oruption. The world has travelled far and on happy lines since then. An astronomor, from a tiny curve, can deduco the on tiro cllipso of a planet's movemont ; and wo may bo permitted to hope that, when tho Christmas of 1993 arrives, the woilds airy«ul vibrato yot moro richly than to-day with the spiritual music of Christmas. The educational carnival of tho year is ovor. The masters nnd mistrosscs of the secondly schools havo indulged in tho customary bataille des jleitrt, and fired the conventional feu de joie. The breaking up and tho "crackiug up have naturally gono togothor. The rhetorical rockets have asconded, the bare matter-of-fact sticks lio beforo us, and the familiar smell of r/thor stale gunpowder haunts tho ntmosjihero. Jn other words the usual apaches liavo been delivered from tho usual plat- forms, and, unhappily, in far too largo a moasuro ¿hoy demand tie usual com- ments. It is true that, since wo re- cently hogan to draw nitontiou to the futility of the avirago irrespon- sible " report," tliSro has boon n distinct improiomont in the tono of many of ,those interesting documents. Tlioy Aavo shown an in- creasing tondoncy.iowards plain com- mon sense, and a» effort to repress tho bolder flights of/self-complacency and sclf-advortisoinenc. Nevertheless, from a comparison of/ the reports of tho various " collegee " and of other institu- tions which snjoll quite as sweet and sound much 1/133 snobbish under tho Bhnplo ñamo o/ schools, wo find it still nocessary to reiterate that secondary education among us is by no means what it ought to be; that as a whole it is entirely without system, check, or test ; that in (consequonco its standard is unduly low and its ideals unduly moan ; that our higher schools aro do cades behind either tho public schools of England, the Gymnasien of .Ger- many, or the Lycées of Franco ; and that they will lag and stagnato BO long as the farce is kept up of any self-established teacher reporting to himself on the merits of his own teaching. So long as the public decido between tho most con- scientious and learned of headmasters and tho most incompetent of charlatans simply by what each thinks fit to say of himself, it js highly probable that tho charlatan will win by tho sheer con- genital superiority of his quacking powors. To guard against a possible quibble, and against giving offence to thoso who dosorvo none, wo ropoat that such is tho stato of our secondary education " as a whole." Wo desiro to recognise fully the difficulties, efforts, and com- parative success of individual schools of tho better class. When the head master of tho Geelong Grammar School eomplaius that wo do not "fully " and fairly estimate " the obstacles which Victorian schools havo to con- tend with, .ho is in error. But whilo we agree with him that the schoolmaster's effort is often frustrated by tho parent's unreasonable haste or unnecessary interference or paltry ideal, wo have been compelled in candour, and with absolutely single-minded aim, to point out that none of these is the chief obstacle to completo educational success in our secondary schools. That chief obstacle is the existonco on tlio ono sido of the incompetent but irresponsible principal, and on the other sido of tho equally self-appointed headmaster, who is himself perhaps compotent enough, but whoso staff is chosen for its cheapness and not for its knowledge aud teaching power. And our argument is, and always has boen, that while the exist- ence of such schools under such mon is a pernicious thing for education and an injustice to tho sounder inntitutions, it is easily proventiblo, not by any meddling whatever through legislation, but by un awakoning and energising of good sonso in tho community of parents and guardians. Our reproof, says Mr. WILSON, quoting Scripture, is an " excollent oil." Now oil requires rub- bing in ; and for that reason wo have insisted, anti,shall continue to insist, on the necessity of respectable schools being examined throughout, and re- ported upon in detail, by known, rapablo, and independent authorities. iSinco this custom has been established in England the country has becomo sown with admirable schools from ond tobend, and neither Mr. Squeers nor tho impecunious ladies whoso attain- ments woro limited to depoitment and tho musical glasses can any longer find foothold in tho struggle for existence. lioport3 of external examiners with a wide knowledge of schools aro a guide to tho teacher and a gtuirantoo to the public, lteports by the teachers them- selves may bo quite honestly meant, but critically considered aro of no nso whatever to anybody. They will deserve to bo listened to precisely as soon as the world becomes a land of Cockayne, in which bank managers audit and pass their own accounts and buildors are their own architects and clerks of works, a land in which inspeetois aro no moro, and overy man, uko evory artist, is his own critic. For those aro tho truo analogies. Some schoolmasters are foolish enough to argue upon an analogy which is false. They havo been known co maintain that as evory man may set up a grocery and vend comestibles which tho public may buy or not as it chooses, so tho free citizon is entitled to establish a seminary anti vend instruction, which the same public may either take or lot alone. Unfortunately, wherons tho most ignorant of customers can distinguish good cheese and butter and act on tlie distinction, education is a special commodity about whose relative ex- cellence the average mau is as little competont to judge as he is of music, painting, and " Comet " wines. Tho best schoolmaster is in practice the last to admit tho accuracy of the lay judgmont. Wo are somewhat reluctant to deal another buffet to tho great matricula- tion fotisli. Constant dropping of water wears tho slono, and wo are not without justification for bolioving that our argumonts have told severely upon the onco bigoted faith in matriculation passes as criteria of a school's excellence. There is, however, so much of this simplo superstition still remaining that wo feel compelled once more to protest against the custom of judging a wholo school by a particular class of pupils, specially prepared and specially picked, and no less against tho custom of judging tho scope and sum total of its educa- tional exertion by moans of an examination which is both elementary in standard and crammable in character. Schoolmasters thomselvos are beginning to rocogniso tho test as altogether un- satisfactory. The better among thom havo therefore commenced to act on our advice, and to call in tho verdict of external examiners. Tho fact of such and such matriculation passes may appear in tho report, but it is not now insisted upon as the end and aim of ilio school's oxistenco. It is nowadays, wo aro glad to say, only hero and thoro that banalité and bail tasto lead headmasters into ingenious pro- portion sums by which thoy manage to demonstrate that their particular school has dono astoundingly bettor than any- body elao's. "Payment by results," which has proved so conspicuous a failure in tho primary system, has no place in that education which is called liberal. Whon a reputable public school toisely records that it has passed fifty-throe matriculants in tho year, wo have nothing disparaging to say of that proceeding. It is a moro statoment of fact, to bo taken for what it is worth. It is different when moro dubious insti- tutions, after contemplating, Narcissus like, their own virtues and extolling thom to an amiablo audience in a "roport," try to force an external endowment to their self-laudation out of a beggarly array of a handful of matriculation " successos." In such cases the statoment of fact is made into an altogether misleading argument of equality with better schools. It is quite possiblo for a school to serano together and pass half-a-dozen candi- dates and yet bo, as a whole, miserably bad. It is possible for it to bo excellent and admirable, and yet pass compara- tively few of its pupils. We do not hero say that the schools with the longest honour-lists aro not the best. Wo only say that' tho fact is not proved. Thorough examination by unprejudiced and expert judges from top to bottom, in every subject and for every master, is tho only moans of satisfying the in- telligent public. That public has by this time learned 'that occasional " successes " aro moro often marks of ability in tho boy than of excollouce in the teaching, or of cramming skill in a particular class than of liberal and en- lightened education throughout them all. If it is urged that such a process would kill off the incompetent teacher, and^that the incompetent teacher " must " live," we can only roply with TALLEY- RAND, Notts n'en voyons 2'as ^a néces- site. ? It happens at times that after an elaborate summing up on a Buhjoct, and aftor intorminablo references to writers and experimenters, a scientist has nothing practical to say to tho public. Dr. GiiEsswittL was somewhat unfortunate in this respoct in tho address that ho cavo the other day to the Victorian branch of the British Medical Association, but he has tho consolation that ho has manysciontific friends who uro puzzled when thuy come to give practical advice. Wo loam from Dr. CRESSWELL that i£ all watur wore boiled thon thoro would bo virtually no risk from the germs which infest it. At the Hame time he has to confess tlmfc it is hardly possiblo to expect that everyone who desires a drink of water on a hot day will take the troublo to light a uro and boil the " billy." 'ilion, again, wo aro told that if milk woro boiled no possiblo harm could aecruo from using it. But Dr. GUESS WELL is fain to'confass that tho boiling of milk lessens its valuo materially asan nrticlo of food. Further, if meat woro proporly cooked according to the scientific notion, if in fact it wore done to a cinder, tho gorins would bo destroyed. But once moro Dr.' GKESSWKLL hits to admit that this would impair tho useful- ness of meat us a food. Naturo apparently has not provided for the theories of the scientists. Tho man who boils milk and cooks meat " to the ox " tent roquirod for the destruction of " infectious agonts " will bo half starved. And then ho is liable nfc any moment to contract somu disease from tho gorms which aro said to ho continually plying thoir nefarious attacks on tho human raco in tho atmosphere He appears to bo equally in dangor whothcr he locks himself up in his own house or whether ho moves about tho street« and transacts business. But aftor all, what Hood is there to ho alarmed 1 Long before tho gurm theory was hoard of mon and women presumed to live healthy lives. Thoir food Biipply might not have boen theoretically per- fect, but it was palatable and nourish- ing. Thoro wore diseases in tho past and there will bu diseases in the futuro unless tho scientists can divide the gorms into two warlike hosts and make thom exterminate each other. AU that can bo dono in practico is to soo that thoro is a fair supervision over tho food supply. It has boon proved that milk carries in foction, and it is right and necessary accordingly that evory oflortj should be mado to keep the milk supply pure. It is agreed that in a less degroo the human body may ho contaminated by bad animal food ; a propor inspection of tho moat supply, therefore-, is also ro tjuisito. Tho drinking wator in a city is another most important factor in the genoral health, and nothing should bo left undono to provent its pollution. These arctlio practical points on which the Board of Uealth should insist. /They aro tho points upon which the authorities are working nt tho present moment. Thore is no uso in going boyoud them, and trying to convinoe the people that, in order to bo healthy, they must spoil their food and disgust their palates. Until ovory householder becomes a medical man, wo can only expect that a reason- able supervision will bo maintained over the food supply. And when Dr. CRESS- WELL speaks on this subject his opinions aro worthy of full consideration. On Monday next ..(Christmas Day) The Argita will not be published. The office will bo oloscd until 6 p.m., when it will be opened for the convenience of advertisers. On Tuesday next (Boxing Day) ¡i'/ie Arym will be published as usual- The office will be closed at 10 turn., and re-opened at 6 p.m. Orders and advertisements will be received nt the side entrance during the two days. The Premier will to-day paya visit to the Redhill Village Settlement. LTe will be nce-ompanied by the Revs. Dr. Strong nnd H. Í?. Tucker, and several members of Parlia- ment. The Minister of Railways returned to Mel- bourne last night with Mr. L. L. Smith and Mr. J. G. Turner, M.L.A.'s, after having in- spected the toute of the proposed railway from Nyora to Kilcunda, via the Bass Valley. Mr. Richardson left Nyora on Thursday morning, and uftcr driving down the valley and over the neighbouring hills »toyed at San Remo for the night. At a banquet given there in the evening by the mayor (Councillor West) and coun- cillors of Phillip Island Shire, the Minister said he had passed through a largo extent of good country on which much labour and capital had been expended, and that no Ministry could refuso to consider the claims of such a distriut to a railway. Yesterday morning the party wero driven to Kilcunda und for some miles in the direction of Powlett River. After lunching at Councillor Horldi nott'8 residence they returned to San Remo and took the steamer to Stony Point, The Minister spent an hour nt Cowes en route. While at Kilcunda a seam of black coal, which is being mined there, was inspected. Mr. Nelson, the Piemier of Queensland, Is at present in Melbourne, and it is his inten- tion to proceed by the outgoing steamer of the Union Steamship Company to New Zealand. Yesterday he had luncheon at Parliament house in company with the Premier, Mr. Gillies, and seNeral other members of Parlia- ment. Mr. D. Wilson, the Government dairy expert, having recovered from his recent indisposition, will proceed ou his mission to India and the Straits Settlements on the 80th hist, lie will be accompanied by Mr. Rowe, of the Customs department, who has charge of \arious sumples of colonial produce which are deemed suitable for exportation to Unstern countries. So much has been heard of the eiulloBs disputes wluoh have occurred between the Defence department und tho Colonial Am- munition Company that the details of the new agreement which have placed both Bides once moro on amicable rclutions will bo of interest. One ol the main provisions of the agreement is that instead ot the Government being called upon to take 2,000,000 roundB of cartridges of all kinds annually, it is to recei\e a minimum cjuunüty ol 1,COO,000 ball cartridges, or, if it takes less, to pay a fifth of the piico thatwould be payable on thequantity shott of the stipulated order. Another is that, instead of a current price beiny, com poted every BIT months, tho following fixed i prices Bhnli be observeil for five years -£5 fig per 1 000 rounds of ball cartridge (inolu i | ding fs for ench box), nnd £2 per 1 000 rounds of Wank cartndge The Ammuni tion Compnnj is also to have th_ idvnn tnge of its factory lwmg declnrerl it bonded stoic It undertakes to have m the colonj material with the exception of lend, siiflioicnt to manufacture 1 000,000 bull civrtndgcs over and above the cartridges at any time delivered, and the Oovetnment o_recs to give its orders in ndvanco at the c immencemcnfc of each finawial year subject i to the right m any eraertrency to osl for an additional supply With respect to the alleged breach of contnet on the part of the Government in having obtained ammunition i from 1 ngland m 1812, a fair money constde ration ia to be allowed to the comparo 1 ho following arrangements will be obseried by the Post and Telegraph de i partment during the hohdajs -On Mon day postal, money order, and Savings Bank business will be entirely suspended No mails will be despatched, nor letters le delivered In casts where mails other than daily mails are despatched from a post town and return thereto on Burne day, and one of thodajsof despatch is Monday, such moils, instead of being forwarded on Christmas Dav, must be sent the day following In tele graph offices Sundiiy arrangi ments will be obseried On Tuesday and the Mon d ly following all post-oiliccs will be closed to the public at 10 a m The first delivery only by letter carrier will be effected All eountry mails will be received and despatched as usual No money order or Savings Hank business will lie transacted Telegraph olhces will bo open from 8 30 till 10 a.ni, aud from 0 till 7 p m As to Melbourne suburban mails, on!) the first mails in the morning will be sent from the General Post-office and only the mails despatched from suburban offices before noon and in the evening will be sent to Melbourne Keeeiving pillara m the suburbs v, ill be cleared m time for their con. tents to be enclosed m these mails On Wednesday, 27th inst, and Tuesday, 2nd lanuary, 1801, all post and telegraph offices will be open to tho pubbo and business transacted as uaiml, with the exception of money order ami Savings Bank business Mr Justice Hodges left Melbourne jester tiny for Macedon, wlicie he will remain for a week in order to enjoy that perfect rest which this medical adviser, Mr Iredell, has counselled as the best remedy for his loss of voice Mr Iredell states that there is no local disease, but that the patient s condition is simply due, first to the strain of following the case, and more particu larl) to tlie effort which Mr fustice Hodges made to sum up, m spite of his bronchial weakness Mr Iredell anticipates that u short rest should restore Mr Justice Hodges to his usual health by Thursday next, on which day the hearing of the action hpettjht v byrne will be resumed Hie locomotivo branch of the Railway de partment is now verj busy testing spark arresters, and is the number ot inventions is alwujs increasing, it lool s as if the experi ments would go on mdcfinitclj A charge of £.) is made loi each test, but the inventors display tlie greatest confidence in their arresters by cheerfully paying the sum From the large number of tests made and the number promised it is evident that the department has discovered a new source of revenue The followme arresters known by the names ot tlie inv entors have already been tried - Allbons, Thorntons, Stewarts, Andersons Doudey and Trestxos, Ileiider sons, Kockhff and Pearls, Tyrers, Giless. Miller and Masters s, Boadlc s, und Morris, Irwin, and lioness The trials are m ide on the line from Melbourne to Simburv. So far the railway authorities favour their own arrester Mr P r Giles, ot Hamilton who sug gestetl through the columns of The Aryus tho propriety of issuing all lines tickets tor the Christmas hohdajs will have the satis faction of Knowing that the experiment promises tobe successful In consideration of the service he lias rendered in making the suggestion, the Hallway Commissioners have presented lum with a complimentary ' nil lines ' ticket Tor the convenience ot excursionists the Railway department has arranged that this afternoon's train from Melbourne to liceeb worth shall proceed to Yackandandah As a rule it stops at Beechworth Our correspondent " Hall _carly referred to tlie fact in The An/us of jesterdov that the Itailwaj deportment hud decided to strike off the penny reeent'j added to the daily re turn fares on the Brighton and Williamstown lilies, but complained that no reduction was to be made in the rates for the periodical tiokets It appears that tins was overloo! ed by the department, but tlie reduction will apply in the same proportion to the periodicals The only matter of interest dealt with nt the ordinary vveel Is meeting of the Manne Board yesterday was the inspectors formal report of the arrival of the plague stricken barque Trafalgar, from Java, under the churge of William Shotton, a youth of l8 years The report simply stated the details airead; made publia through the newspapers Captain Webb at once moved that a letter should be sent to Mr Shotton ofilemlly recognising the seaman like manner in which he liad acted, and this was seconded by Captain Taylor and carried without any dissentient voice, except that Captain Pullarton expressed his regret that the finances of the board did not admit of the presentation of a piece of pinte It was decided that the next meeting of the board should bo held a fortnight following The Department of Agriculture has tal en u new departure The scent industry is generally regarded as one which is emi nently suitable for women, and a partj of women have been at the Government scent farm, Dunolly, gaining an insight into the various processes. They are taken m a conveyance to the farm every morning from Dunolly, and Mr Mellon, the manager, lias shown them the dry processes of extraction of scent as well as the distillation of roses, lavender, _c , at present going on there T hey havealso been taught the treatment necessary for the growth of tlie various scent plants together with the soils suitable for them, times of planting, pruning, io , and from the acquaintance they already possess with flow cr growing will be able, when the season comes round, to turn their knowledge to practical account The cultiva non of ilowerB the extraction of scents bee keeping and poult» farming combined is an industry very suitabh for women, and Vic tona is the first colony to initiate this movement in a practical shape in the Southern Hemisphere Hie Attorney General has decided to tal e no further action with respect to the ease of Charles M Noghten, w hose bond, together with that of his surety, was forfeited and estreated by the direction of Mr Justice Hood in the Criminal Court on Saturdaj ow ing to Ins failure to surrender him.elf to bail lho explanation of Mr lorlonge counsel for M Nagliten, has been accepted namely, that he alone was responsible for his client s absence from the court The arrangements of the Supreme Court for rcbroary when business will be resumed after the long vacation, have been announced lhe Chief Justice will sit during the month, and Mr Justice Hodges until Tebrnaryll, to hoar causes on the common law side of which -Ki ore listel Woven cases are set down for trial with a jury, and these will be taken by Mr TtiBticc Hood The causes in the equity list number 31, and will be heard by Mr Justice Holroy d Mr Justice Williams will sit in oliambers and will also hear divorce coses, of wlnoh there are 13 Mr Justice Hodges will preside in the Criminal Court during the latter half of the month, and Mr Justice A Bccki tt will go on oirouit Bittinf, at Ballarat on the 1st, Warrnambool on the üth Geelong on the 8th Snip on the 13th, and Bendigo on the 20th lebmary Pilo MiniBter of Customs will, at half past 10 this morning nt the Custom house, present Mr Wm ¿holton, the youngman who navigated the barquo Trafalgar from Batavia to Melbourne recently with a gold watch At the same time, the sailmoker will be presented with a silver watch for his exemplary oonduot on the voyage 1 he con_regation of St Andrew's Cliurcli, Carlton, and severn! friends attended «t the schoolroom lost evening for the purpose of presenting the Rev. D. S. M'Eachrarj with a.; address on the occasion of his silver jubilee. The Rev. C. II. Irwin occupied the chair, and many members of the clergy were present, including the moderator ot the Presbyterian Generul Assembly (the Rev. Dr. Robinson). The address, which was presented by Mr. A. Ballantine, alluded to the fact that a quarter of a century had elapsed since Mr. M'Kachran hud arrived in the colony and been inducted to the charge of St. Andrew's. It waa therefore desired to give expression to the sincere attachment of the congregation and their high esteem for their pastor. Those who had gone lorth from his ministry were to be found as ministers of the gospel in all parts of Victoria, or as members and office-bearers ot its churches, and in all places they bore in their faith and life the impress of his spiritual fatherhood, lîy the outside public, moreover, and by all the churches of Christ in Victoria, his worth and power as a mau and a clergyman had been felt. His services to the larger interests of the Presby- terian Church had been in keeping with his abundant miniatriea to his con- gregation and with his work for the common church of Christ. He was the founder of the first sustentation fund for the more adequate support of the ministry, and he had laboured untiringly in the cause of church extension. By great toil and sagacious management he had also carried the Jubilee Fund enterprise to notable success. Seve.ral sympathetic addresses were delivered by theclergjmen present, and Mr. M'Eacliran made a suitable reply, in which he referred to the growth of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria, and expressed his deep obligations for the honour conferred upon lum. Tile Ballural Star oí Wednesday contained a paragraph giving, on the authority of its Melbourne correspondent, the results of the November University matriculation examina- tion us affecting Rallarat. The successful candidates, according to this list, com- prised all but three of those who had gone up from Ballarat, and contained the number of one candidate who, though he had entered, liad not presented himself. On the face of it, therefore, the list was incorrect. Next day the Star published the following additional paragraph, i rom the same correspondent :.-" The list of matricu- lation results was obtained from the assistant registrar of the University. On comparing what you published with his copy I see it is perfectly correct." Mr. James, the assistant-registrar of the University, has written to the Ballarat Star explaining that the alleged results are not authentie ; that they were not obtained from him or any of his officers ; and that the statements made by the correspondent are altogether un- founded. The lists of (he results are not yet I ready lor publication. A similar imaginative list of the Geelong successes has also been published in one of the Geelong papers. Mr. Thomas DyBart, A.B., writing on be half of the members of the crew of tile barque Trafalgar Bhipped at Batavia, questions the accuracy of some of the facts of the account of the voyage as related by Mr. AVHliam Shotton, the third officer. Referring to the trouble which originated at Batavia Harbour! through the second officer striking one of the seamen, Mr. Dysart alleges that the foots were that the rest of the forecastle hands, fearing that the second officer, " a big, powerful Nova Scotinn," would seriously in- jure his victim, wentaft to interpose, Thccap tain had compelled the second officer to desist before the crow reached the poop, and next morning he discharged the second oflicer. William Kavanagh, A.B., with 35 years' ex- perience, was promoted to the position by the late Captain Roberts, " who knew and appre- ciated Kavanagh'a abilities." So far as I ITugh Kennedy was concerned, Mr. Dysart alleges that it was only a few days before sightingland that tliçsailmakertookhis watch with Mr. Shotton. In replying to the charge that " the crew were a setof mutinous, surly, and unwilling seamen, because they refused to clean the ship," Mr. Dysart asserts that the facts are that " the third mate went forward and asked the starboard watch-five of whom were lying in their bunks very ill of fever-to i turn to and Bcrab the outside of the after house, in whioh tho old carpenter lay dying, and remarking that excepting working the ship no other services would be required of them. To oblige him two hands crawled out of their bunks nnd did what was required." Mr. Dysart concludes hy remarking that the men whoso interests he represents do not " wish to detract from the kudm due to young Shotton or to Hugh Kennedy, but the services of Mr. Kavanagh should bo suitably recognised. Mr. Kavanagh was without doubt the finest practical sailor on the Tra- falgar, and it was to his unceasing vigilance and skilful seamanship that the sailors, .who are surely the beat judges in such matters, attribute the 'safe arrival of the plagnc stricken barque at her destination." Mr. Kennedy, superintendent of the crimi- nal investigation branch ol police, will be entertained to-night by the members of the de- fective force, and a gold watch will be pre- sented to him as a token of the esteem in which he has through many years boen held by his men. Mr. Kennedy retires from the polico force at the end of the year. He will be succeeded by Inspector Brown, who was formerly a member of the detective police. The following tenders were acoepted by the Railway department yesterday :-Removal of gatehouses on the Bendigo and Kerang lines and re-erection as stationmaster's residence at Allendale, A. M'Intosh and Co., £1S5 13?. Dd.; removal of gatehouses on the Myrtle lord line and re-erection as stationmaster's residence at Tallangatta, W. S. Buntine, £101 18s.; removal of gatehouses on the Neerim and Bairnsdale lines and re-erection as stationmaster's residence at Stratford, Fidler Bros., £148 10s. In an advertisement in another column is given a list of the officers and the result of the election of members for the council of the new Victorian Railways Association. 'Hie objects of tho association ure (a) to maintain a healthy feeling between the state and the seryice ; (b) to encourage the growth of comradeship amongst the railway servants -, (c) generally to promote the well-being ot members of the association. The roll of members now numbers about 000, and the enrolment of members is rapidly proceeding. At the meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum on Thursday the following motion, proposed by Mr. Jaffray and beconded by Mr. Lancashire, was carried unanimously, viz., " That a sub-com- mittee, consisting of the house committee and finance committee, be appointed to take into consideration the question of reductions in the general expenditure of the institution where expedient." A series of "Views at Flemington" illus- trative of the Melbourne Cup is now being published by Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall. The series consists of six reproductions of as many instantaneous photographs taken for the purpose at the last meeting. The repro- duction is effected by the Collotype printing process, und the result ¡s a striking and, of course, accurate representation of the scenes, incidents, and crowds connected with the great Flemington o\ent. The size of each view ia 17in. by 12Jhi. on u 2 lui. by 18in. mounting, so that the reproduction is on a large scale, and there is a good opportunity of recoguislng familiar forms and faces. "The Arri%al of the Governors" ¡s a capital picture, the more noticeable because when the instantaneous view was taken the three Gov cmors-Iiord Hopetoun, Lord Glasgow, I and Sir Robert Duff- all occupied good posi- tions in the field of the camera, so that they are luckily the three most prominent faces. The Governor's luncheon-room is a tinted picture of still lile. The beautiful flower paintings of Mrs. Rowan stand out with excellent eiYect, and the pic turu as a whole m a suggestive one of what is now possible in view-taking by these modern processes. The series as a whole forms an agreeable and non costly memento of Melbourne's great social event. The festival of Christmns will be observed with special services at St. Paul's Cathedral. On Sunday evening, Christmas Eve, the Cathedral choir will Bing at the fall choral evensong, at 7 o'clock, when a selection from " The Messiah " will form the anthem. On Christmas Day tbeie will be Holy Oom munion. at 8 o dook, and full cliornl j smices will be held fife 10, li, and quarter to 5 Hie Bishop of Melbourne willpreaoh at 11 o'clock Chciatmaa carols will bp sung bj choir and congrepition at %\eri sen ne AU seats in the Catlicdril are fiet Ihe curator of the eatfites of deceased persons his obtained rules to administer tlie estates of the following deceased persons, under Act No 1010 -I runic Schwartz, Toni street, Hallarnt last, died li)th Juh, Wl, JL*iO Alexander bmith Springfield, Hoafc Harbour, Uasmaiim, died 20th Mi), IS1«, £31 lbs dd. The 8 9 Aramac, it is announced, will leave Queen 8 Wharf to daj is iturdav ) at noon Instead of at 2 p m. for Sydnev ana Queensland Tho ropiest to tho Hail»ay department for a re duction in the price of all hues tickets wan not, as stated In 2 /1 \nr* it ot \ estcrda} modo bj the Com m oi-clal Travellers Vuocutton, hut hy the Melbourne Wa ron ot semuis Asso< tatton I or the llnhi.au family in distress on «ho o behalf Hie Hu-elaji consul apj ealcd In 11 e A rgut of > csttr tli> HO nave received the following - A Jew, 4,1, An Old triend of th _ Consul, £1 O IÏ, 10s. "frenchman 7s MR George leversdeques to icknowledt.e tho foi Io« ni/ donations Iii rc.jronse to ti c Christmas appeal nudo on behalf of the Ladies Association of St. Vincent de laid -Archbishop Carr £10 Miss Bateman £o 6s Mrs John Anderson £l Is. Urs. Icvurs, Mount lover» £l Is Councillor Janies Motone\ i-1 Is Mrs Mornane lOi Mm. lenntn_ton wi hes to acknowledge tho receipt ortU-is» proceeds of an entertainment given at Croton Jlur*t, Caulfield, m aid of Christmas and Nan Tear comforts for tho inmates of tho Austin Hospital ¿Irs. Clendinninj desires to acknowledge with thanks thi following aniouu s Beut hör in response to he appi al fur donations towards Christmas «if te for the poor of Prahran South Yarra, and! norak viz. - ill«» Mack £l Miss Allen His. Mr Hick, *"s Mr James Griham £2 ~A Mr* Ldv.anl Hentv £1 Is Mrs. Robertson, Inverary, 10s., Dr Eustace Keogh l/> 2s Mrs. Sheppard desires to oiknonledge the follow uiV. additional suma reeivel for tho passage home of the hdy lu distress . impeded for bj the Kev H r Tucker Mrs. Austin X11 Mrs. CûDcU ni Orien lu" Hie honorât, secretary of the Immigrants AU Sool.ty desires to acknowledge tha follow inn amounts and donations received during the week for the Merrie Christmas Appeal and Tobacco Fund viz.- Royal Metropolitan Liedertafel, £14 2s. 6d, and Iarge quantity of tobacco. Sir Win Clarke £1 ; Samuel Amess £1 Mrs Dinwoodie £1 la ID I Cran bourne £2 ^s. I> N Is. «3d Wm Dalrymple 5s , J Reade, 2s.üd Thos Smith £1 Is , "Friends," 8s di Craig Williamson and Thomas £1 Is M L B , 5s; Edw. Duckett £2 2s; Geo Walker (stamps) 5s., Dr Hewlett £1 M \\\ Is. J H Nihill, 10* td , S. Franklin, box: of tobacco ami hox of pipe« parcels of tobacco from W H Fielding, Burregurra , J F, Hamilton and W K The hon treasurer of The Rojal Victorian Institute for the Blind deoire. to acknowledge receipt of tho fallo* mir donations towards the Christmas treat, d.O., of the pupil «, v ix. - (¿.nmbatook State School, per B M Donald lb*. *kl __uly barwood, i.1, Janus Gril am, £- .* donation per _K.ivrt.te Herald, £1 Craijr, \\\ilhau.*on and fbouns, £_ Äs., Mr«. Hawkes worth procecdM of snowball collection, £2, O W Hartshorn pit Mr» Haw kegworth 10s. The superintendent and secretary of tha Melbourne Oencvocnt \nylum desires to acknowledge the following donations In mone> towirds the Christmas treat for the old folks ~a »aird £1, J M bmith, £10 D Munro 10s, executors of £ J Sumner pir Tas Onu £5, Mr Jos. Graham £2°s 1 rowtor and Hill 103 SJW.il tt Small 10s 1» H Nihill, 10s, Gd "Swnpjfh), Tis. Pascoe Iones anl Co Cs 1er The Arnon-Mrs Ware £1 U \ * 'I,MB Long Ids M r \ £l Widow £1 Mrs. Kirk, £1 IK. Also a large quantiu of tobáceo, fruit-, tea, biscuit., ¿c, from various donors Tho committee of tho Meterían Infant Asvlum de sir« to acknowledge tho receipt of the following dona lions towards the Christmas tr*afc J-Mrs Hn_hcs 10s , Mrs. Menzies, £1 Is. Jos. Cro» It», 10s, (i J Oo\, £l, Jas Graham, £2 __ , Also Uns, Hollies b'sculta, Ko , from \ irions donors Mrs Templeton the hon secretar) of the Colline; wood Creche, desires to acknow ledge receipt of£t from Ladv Sargood 101. from Mrs. John Anderson, and i parcel of clothes, books and toys from *A mother and her little girl who havo no moue) to rivo Colonel Templeton notifies b\ ndiertisemcnt that in consequence of the insulin? fortni^htU pav daj of tho Premier Peimancut lluildint-bocietj falling on New .car's Da>, repaym«nta will be rec-iud on \\\ed neâdav, January ' lb Is nnnounierl b. advertiscmeub that, Mr Hutchinson s Glasgow book w arehouse little Collins street, w111 be kepe open this evening for the con \enlenco of custom ors According- to previous arrangement mado bj the Iresb^tcry of loutit Melbourne an oppottitnttj will bo priven tomorrow to the \arlous congru étions within its bounds to take up a retiring collection on behalf of the Coleraine Presbyterian Ullage bettie ment. The 4t.iu.nri.au J/>r«t. Journal for December Is to hnnd from the publishers, Messrs. Stillwell and Co Ihis is almost a double number, and contains the proceeding» of tho ¿'rdical feocietj, andolw_of the victorian uranch of V e Uritlah Medicü Assoola Mon, at both of which samo highly Interesting papers were rend lu addition there ara a number of hospital cases reported in this issue Xhis oven tu p at tim Atliciioium hall, Collins street, there will ha Kid, under tho auspices of the Publto Ben ico Association a Bjtccial Chusimas entertain nient There will be a Christmas tree and valuable presents will be given co the pttronisu-s of ttie enter xamment. Mr Cecil I or renter will on this occasion appevr In his ongtnal monologue diversion entitled '.Snell Is Life, and a great deil ot other amusement wiJlhoprovidtd Attention Ls desired to he directed to Messrs AcknmnsandCo s advertisement of Christ nias tov _alc to-da. and to nixht 