THOUGHTS ON THE REUNION OF THE ' CHURCHES . a sermon on the above subject was deliv ed at the Australian Ohuroh on Sunday, 22 oc : tobor, by the Rev. Charles Strong. tu ig as his text the words— "That they all may be ono . . . that tho world may believe." (John xvi 21.) The rev. gentleman said today is Hospital Sunday, and i tbo churches in this large city are united ir good work— that work one of benevolen and philanthropy. We are all of one mind ud of one heart to-day, and that whioh unib us is not a creed, nor a ritual, nor sin of ecclesiastical constitution, but a desir to do good and a practical effort to help ou ellow men. Catholic and Protestant, Ohristia and Jew, they are all one to-day in a spirit which is common to them all, which is larger than any denomination and is wise enough to embrace the all. Nor bounds, nor clime, nor creed Thou kn ''st, Wide as our need Thy favors fall : Tho white wings of the Holy Ghost Stoop, seen or unseen, <>'or the heads of 1. For one day in tho year nt least our ctrohes are united, and all lay together uporfcod'n alter one sacrifice, and join in one exproi on of the Christian life. The bells chime in ha lony, nnd one song floats uj) to heaven. d s not sucli a time very naturally s us athinklng why such unity should fc be Alwayn recognised? Does it not naturall raise in us the hope and expectation of a tim< srlien all churches shall bo drawn more closely > one another, and thn praywj nf nij text bs 2h !""! "that they all may be one?" The spectacle presented by Hospital £ nday is an objeot lesson which we do well to tudy and seriously lay to heart in one spirit e all draw near to God this day ; and that s rit is the spirit of " tho Son of Man," whioh ma tests itself in a work of love, in care for tho sic and suffering. There, i think, is thegreat object snon on the meaning of the Catholic Church, here is a prophecy of the coming future, nero is the "pattern " showed to us In "the r iunt of vision," tho outline of tho ploture wbic wo must seok gradually, but steadily ami per ver- ingly, to fill in. Not in a day or a year ci wo hope to see tho rounton of Christendom cff< ted. But it may como in ways perhaps we ttlo dream of, and at length appear as "a th f in tho night." Even those of us who aro nc yet old mcu have lived long enough to see mai cii- ous ohanges whioh have erept stealthily ver the minds of men and altered the ace of the earth ; and secret foroes are still at work, which, unless somo unfori een check is givon to them, will still further re >iu« tioniso the world. It is not we puny indivu lals who bring about great changes. Thank Sod the great world does not rest on our shouh rs ! But there is a Spirit, there is a Force beind us, in us, a viewless Broatb, which stir: the ocean and impels the great breakers towari an unseen shore. Spreading our Hails to this bi nth of God we may hope to reach the undiscov red lands. "Work out your own salvation,' wo read, " for it is God that worketb in you." It would be prosumptiou in us to talk of changing the course of the univcsc. But the power of change is not in us. It i in tho.-e secret currents whioh tho thoughtful tjink they can discern beneath the smooth surfao of the sea, and which they seek to follow, treat ing in God. Let us try today if we can, in any degee, measure the force of the ourrent whioh biars us away from the old divislonu and disruptpns of tho church, and even dimly descry the outlines of the land which seems 1 to emerge above the distant horizon. To mlny we must appear as men that dream, but it is by dreams that the world is led dn. The man in tho gospel story, who had his qres opened, at first saw men "as irees wnlkiig." That was better thau stone- blindness ; it wis a stage on tho way to Light. i i. The first th.ng which we would ask if,— What have been the causes of church disunion ? What has rent the seamless robe of Christ?. If we know what these causes are, then wo shall be in a better position to understand wkat prospoot there is of their remoi&l.; What has disunited the church 7 (i.) First in order comes theology. The first great Council of the Christian Church was called by the Emperor Constantino to settle chiefly the Arinn controversy — the controversy as to whether Christ was to be regarded as eternally begotten' of the Father or not; whether, as the followers of Arius said, there was a time when the Son was not." Whether, m tho followers of Athanaiius maintained, tho Son was " homoousios," of tho same substance with the Father, or as the followers of aims maintained. " bomoin»«i(>«- " of like witii the Father. Then later on there camo the gioat division on the question, Did the Holy Spirit proceed "from tho Father and the Son," ab the Roman Church main tained, or from the Father only, as the Eastern Ohuroh maintained. At another time we find the church rent asunder by the question of Free will and Necessity, Augustine and Polagiu leading the contending hosts. The question as to " Justification " split Europe into two camps, the Catholic and the Protestant. The question as to tho " Decrees of God " still further split up the Protestant Church. These are but spe cimens of the division bred of theology. To be "saved" it was necessary to beliove aright. a mistake in one's theology might involve eternal perdition. God had revealed the right belief through inspired councils, or through an infallible Bible, and woe to him who had not on the wedding garment of a right belief. What sin could be more heinous than the ein of disbe lieving, or of misbelieving, imperilling the souls of men, and rendering them liable to be cast into eternal torments? Christianity was essentially right belief, and whosoever would be saved it was "neoessary above all thing that he should hold the Catholic faith" as set forth by councils of the clergy, otherwise he must "without doubt perish everlastingly. " So from tho theological heretio the faithful were oouuaelled to withdraw as from hateful lepers whose loathsome leprosy must be stamped out, even by firo and faggoc. Mercy in such a case was mudnens nnd cruelty. (ii.) Another rock ou which the church split was the question of ritual. The use of leavened or of unleavened bread, image worship — what Jitter division oentred round suoh questions in tho early church ! In later times what disputes have raged round the giving of the cup to the laity or confining it to the priest only, &a; in the Roman Church to-day; the position of tbo altar, baptism, the mass, priestly orders, oven the use of liturgies and organs in worship ! These things have been regarded as of the very essence of the Christian faith. Evon to-day we know what store is set by priestly robes, the position of the clot gy at the communiontable, the receiving of the sacrament, the consecration of a grave yard or a place of worship, immersion or sprinkling, Adult or iofant baptism, (iii.) Then, lastly, thero has been the ecclesias tical rock. The Church of Rome is severed from the greAt Eastern Church, which refuses to recoguiao tho Roman Pope as abovo the Patriarch of Constantinople. The Anglican Churoh, in like maimer, is regarded us schismatio and heretical because it insists on boing independent of the Pope's ecclesiastical authority. Tho Presbyterian are separated from the Anglicans, because they refuse to bo governed ecclesiastically by archbishops and bishops, und recognise tho authority only of assemblies, synods aud prosbyteries, and look upon each minister as bishop of bis own parish. The Independents are separated from Anglican nnd Presbyterian alike by their bolief in congre gational self government and refusal to be inter fered with by either bishop or pteablery, each congregation being regarded as in itself constitu ting a completo church. The Nonconformists of England were driven out of the ohurch becauso resisting what they deemed interference with their ecclesiastical freedom. The Scottish Churoh was rent asunder not ho much by dispute about doctrine or ritual, for the three great divi sions of that church have' the same ereed and the same forms of worship and of ordination, but by difference in their ecclesiastical polity — some being " Voluntaries," and refusing all alliance with the State; some believing in a national State ohurch and tho supremacy of tbe Stato; some believing in a State church en dowed by tho State, but independent of State control. It is thus around questions of theology, ritual and ecclesiastical government, that uii the controversies and fierce wars of tho centuries havo raged. These have been the causes of division. Christians have believed that their Christianity was essentially a theological belief, a form of ritual specially revealed from heaven, or a form of Churoh organisation— Roman, Greek, Anglican, Presbyterian, Independent- commanded by God. And, on this assumption, they have branded as anti-Christian, schismatic, heretical, those who have differed from them, sometimes anathematising them and consigning them to " the pains of hell for ever." We may be — we, doubtless, are- -getting a little ashamed to own to the bare truth that our divisions rest ultimately on the notion that we must believe so, belong to a certain church, and observe cer tain ritee, or else run the risk of eternal per dition ; but though we invent ways of escape from our own logic the premises are there, and and it is only by evasions and bad logic that we escape from the conclusion. -Were the Anglican true to his principles he would say that to be Christians in tho proper sense of tho word we must belong to the Anglican Church. The Romanist would say that there is no hope for any one outside the Church of Rome. -The Presby- terian would say that tho Church of Rome is anti-Christ, aud tho Anglican a relative of the scarlet woman ; that, outside of Presby- terianUm thero may he salvation, but certainly only a defective Christianity. The Baptist has seceded because he thought immersion an essen tial, and some have doubted the safety of un- sprinkled babies. ii. Now if these are tbo cause lying at the root of our divisions, we have in the second place to ask what hope there is of their being ! romoved. (i) Our hope of tho removal of these sources of discord and separation lies, in the first place, in the modern study of history. The science of history is not much older than this century. It is only of late years that tho history of Rome, Greece, Europe and Asia hns been sub jected to scientific treatment, and the develop ment of the thought, politics, social life and in stitutions, language aud literature of tbe nations, have been critically traced and exhibited. Every student of history ia our schools and universities knows now as much as the wisest scholars of a century ago. The historical method was then almost unknown, and this method applied to religion has pro duced marvellous results. It has shown us religious beliefs und praatices growing under our vary eyes, just as in politics it has shown us political institution gradually forming, or as in geology it has shown us one stratum of tho earth following another, one geologic period succeeding another, until the earth, as we now sue it, ia formed, with it distribu tion of earth and water, fauna and flora. It has taught us to see development in all religions, even in the religion of the Bible. What is the result? Something paraliel to tho result In astronomy when it wa discovered that the earth is not stationary, but continually circling round tho sun, a star among other scars. The full effect of the historical method a applied to the church has not yet been fully appre ciated. we know that it has taken years for tho light of the stars to reach us, and it will take many years before tho light shed by tho historic method reaches tho mind of the people. But it is slowly streaming In, and when it has penetrated to clergy and laity, it is bound to work a marvellous change. Doctrine of Trinity and Atonement, for instance, once believed to have come direct from heaven, will be seen to have grown up gradually in tho soil of Greek philosophy, or ancient Roman law. Church ritual and ecclesiastical organisation, which once were believed to be matter of superhistorical revelation, and about which men have argued, and disputed, and anathema tised each other, will be seen to be really plants, whose roots are in ancient Judaism, or Paganism, or the exigencies and ideas of the age in which they originated. What is called tho history of dogma has quite revolu tionised our notion, and cut away the ground from under tho feet of old controversialists. It is quite impossible for anyone who knows church history to he a Trinitarian or a Uni tarian in tho old sense of the terms. And it seems equally impossible for anyone to be an Episcopalian or a Presbyterian in tho real old orthodox meaning of the words. Trini tarian have modified their views, and so have the old Unitarians. They are seeking a rap- prochement , and there is talk of "New Ortho doxy" and "New Unitarianism." Many lead ing Episcopalians have given up tho orthodox position that Episcopacy, as we know it, was known to the Primitive Church. Many leading Presbyterians have ceased to hold tho orthodox position that Presbytery is a revelation from God. To tho increasing knowledge of history, then we look with hope for the removal of the causes of division between Christians. It is slowly undermining tbe partition waIIs, and loosening tho earth, so that pits are filled up, and over gulfs of theological, ritualistic and ecclesiastical division bridges are being thrown. Who, for instance, in the light of history, can believe that only one theory of " atonement " is Christian, that tho Unitarianism is entirely wrong or that Trinitarianism is entirely wrong ? Who, in tho light of history, can believe that God especially revealed either Episcopacy or Prcsbyterianism or Independency as His will? We are not therefore following a will o' the wisp — a mere sentimental dream — when we in dulge a hope and expectation that Christendom maybe reunited. We base our hope on science — on the progress of historical knowledge. There is a wave sweeping up which will obliterate the old footmarks and sweep away the castles on tho sand, (ii) Our hope of the removal of those causes of discord and separation lies, in the second place, in the scientific study of the Scrip- tures. Protestants at least justify their differ ences on the ground that Scripture is "the Word of God" and that therein is to be found a clearly defined theology, ritual and ecclesiastical polity for all time. The evangelical Anglican, tho Presbyterians, Baptists, Methodists, even old orthodox Uni tarians, all rest more or less on this foundation. But such notions vanish like mist at sunrise when we begin to read our Bibles in the light of historical criticism. The Bible is no longer a quarry out of which to dig stones ready cut and polished. Tho Old Testament shows- us the development of the religion of Israel out of polytheism, nature-worship and monolatry, into pure monotheism. There is not one theo logy in the Old Testament, nor one ritual. There are several. And in like manner in the New Testament we find different types of theology — Synoptist, Pauline, Petrine, Johannine, Apocalyptic — one in spirit, perhaps, but very different in form. We have really no prescribed ritual, and no defined church government. Articles are in our creeds, which Paul and John would not recog nise as theirs, and everything goes to confirm us in the conclusion that our Scriptures are not and never were intended to be an infallible direc tory of theology, ritual and church government. Well, once the belief in the scriptures of the Old and New Testament as "infallible" directories with just one type of teaching, and ns a reposi tory of dogma superhistorically revealed, is given up, as given up it must sooner or later be, is it not plain that tho foundation on which sects have built is for ever destroyed ? This should reconcile us to the iconoclastic results of much biblical criticism. True it has given us a rough shaking, and shattered a lot of our theo logical house. But this had to be if any new temple of God was to be rebuilt. The destruc tive process is tho necessary preparation for the constructive. Our division can never he healed until the axe is laid at the root of the tree, and the cause of our divisions — a false conception of the Scriptures — is for ever swept away. We mourn over the destruction of our biblical theories. But is it not better they should be dissolved than that brothers should be sepa rated, and Christendom rent asunder by base- less controversies ? If there is loss, is there not also profit ? Would you perpetuate division ? We naturally feel pain parting with old beliefs. Who does not ? But would it not be much more painful to retain old strife and heartburn ing and childish superstition ? Would not the living witness of a united Christendom — united in the work and spirit of the Master — be worth tho sacrifice of our old views of the Bible or the Papacy? There might then be a chance of the prayer of the text being answered, and of the world believing that the Christian Churoh and religion are of God, and that in them God is revealed. In hoping for tho reunion of Christen dom, then, we are not following a will o' the wisp. We are once more on the solid ground of science. Sooner or later, unto some strange reaction supervene, the study of thu Bible must lead to the removal of our differ ences, and to "the unity of the faith." (iii.) Lastly, our hope of the removal of these causes of discord and separation lies in the deeper and truer perception of what Christianity is. We have had Christianity with us now for nearly 1900 years. It may be said, what more can there be to learn about it ? Surely if the doctors of divinity have not been able after all these years of preaching and teaching and studying to un earth the secret mysteries, we cannot expect to do it ! " Art thou greater than our father Jacob that gave us the well and drank thereof, himself, his children and his cattle?" But, brethren, while we are far from maintaining that we are tho first to understand Christianity, we think that we have ground for say ing that the churches as a whole have not thoroughly entered into the spirit of religion. They have largely mistaken the shell for tho kernel, identifying religion with their theologies, their rituals, their ecclesiastical constitutions. It is now in the light of historical and comparative science, in the light of biblical criticism, in the light of experience, that for the first time tho essential, distinctive mark of the Christian is being fully understood and separated from the mass of old world accretions. We have been driven by all these centuries of controversy, by the assaults of so called infidels and atheists, sometimes the truest believers, by the great facts of history, and by our own reflection and experi ence, to seek for a Christianity within Christi anity. And now, for the first time, the thought, the conviction, is drawing upon us as a rising sun, that there are good men, Christian men, in all the churches, and that God is no respector of creeds or rituals, or church organisations, but that in every church he that loves Him and works righteousness and breathes tho spirit of His sons and daughters is accepted of Him. Christianity we are coming to see is a " spirit of life," a spirit of childlike trust in the heavenly Power, a spirit of good will toward man — a character moulded on tho type of Jesus, tho Son and the Brother. Salvation we are learning to feel is not being rescued from a burning pit— the burning pit is already falling into the background, in tho Protestant churches at least— but being united in mind and heart to God and goodness, in tho one spirit of trust and love, salvation from the animal, the selfish, the inhuman. And before this more spiritual view of what it is to be a Christian, and of what a Chriutian is, theologies, ritual, ecclesiastical organisations sink into a secondary place, and brother recognises brother, though wearing different uniforms, marching in different regi ments and carrying different colors. Here, again, in hoping for the reunion of Christendom we are not following a mere sentimental desire, wo aro on solid ground. Let this idea of Christianity, as a great spiritual and moral inspiration, take possession of the churches, let it be recognised that what makes a church is a breath of life, life of the Christ, life of tho now man, life of interest in man, life of sons and brothers in God ; and will not tho partition walls inevitably fall, like the walls of Jericho before the blast of rams horns? Tho power and treasure which are now wasted and squandered in maintaining rival establishments, and pro moting little sectarian ends, will then be wisely husbanded and directed to the elevation of man, tho spiritualisms of life, tho uprooting of old world wrongs and evil. If these things are so, what is our duty? Clearly, to endeavor as a congregation to translate the vision of to-day into a living fact, to realise in ourselves this ideal of a church, as far as may be, a church bound together as by the breath of God, as are your bodies by the breath of life, united in the one effort and desire to bless and spiritualise and regenerate the world. What is our duty ? To speak to our fellow men of these things and to use our influence to instil, especially into the minds of the young, a nobler and truer conception of the Christian Church, and of what being a member of it means, than was granted to the age past. Thus steadily working towards this great end, we may reason ably entertain the trust that " they all shall be one," "as Thou Father art in, me and I in Thee, that tho world may believe" that God was in Christ and is in man still. 