THE CO URIEItfS OPINION. Tho largo gathering was characterised by undoubted sincerity and considerable en thusiasm; bub tho proceedings illustrated tho fact that the Labor movement's chief strength at present lies in its . voting numbers. With one or two exceptions the speeches were poor stuff. An outsidor had tho idea that he was in a school where politics were boing handled by children or beginners or amateurs. Ono of the speakers l-uiuui-kuu iiiiug poiidcai unionism was an outgrowth of trades unionism. The old unionism, ho said, was an infant ; the new, tho political, unionism was a giant. But tho giant is still a giant only in opbimistic dreams. Ho was nob on tho platform of tho Centonnial Hall last night. Whether wo shall yet seo him on Queensland platforms depends entirely on the use whioh the Labor members and their supporters make of their opportunities. * # # # Very little was said last night to which serious objection could be taken by 11 generous community. The liberated unionists wore niiundantly told that thoy had boon ' incarcerated' under an iniquitous law. Bub ib seemed hard for the gathering, in eluding the guests, to put itself back in tho pro-incarceration times. Thoso times had gono. Only their ghosts still lingered in the orators' brains. The unionists who havo boen out of things for two and a-half years seemed to have no foothold anywhere. The past thoy acted their part in has slipped away, almost out of sight, and they have nob got hold of tho now situation. Necessarily — it was thoir misfortune — they had libblo to say that was of any weight or interest. Tho men of the present more easily caught and hold the wandoriug wits of the audience. Bub there seemed to bo no do sire— and wo record this gladly — to revive tho uolio.v of inhiminfi.t.inn . Rir.vnmka «»?« f« bo bygones, and rodress and progress aro to be sought constitutionally, and particularly through Parliamentary representation. One or two veilod references woro mado as to what would happen if constitutional moans failed, bub thuao woro balanced by tho admission that constitutional means could not fail if tho working classes wore united and dotorminod, and had good causes ; which is truo. The loud upplnuso which followod tho uso- of tho phrase 'socialistic republic' showed that the Labor hope is looking in that direction j but horo again wo aro reminded of tlio necessity of political education. A lot of work will havo to bo dono by tho mind of tho Queons lnud working mon and women bofore tlio 'socialistic republic' will bo clearly uudur stood. Nations are not saved or revolution ised or oven republiomiised by phrases. 