THE FROZEN MEAT INDUSTRY IN VICTORIA. The Bhipment of frozen mutton to England is an undertaking requiring moro than an ordinary amount of eommeroial enterprise, for tho least mistake might result in tho destruction of tho whole, cargo and serious financial loss, ' In pre-, paring., sheep for. shipment the utmost eare has to be taken -to provide, that 'the' animals' aboil- Bo' \-- of -good "/quality," that'they1' BhalV'he frozen properly,' and placed imthe chambers' on . hoard, tbe<'shipe '.without.; ihjuiy.r .The accompanying illustrations depiot' -the - salient processes of the industry. The firm whioh must ho awarded the credit of a spirited attempt to establish the freezing industry in Victoria on a sound basis is that of Messrs. Turn- bull, Hotson and Co., who also accept the responsibility of shipping tho meat and plaeing it on tho London market. Their head qnartcrs are at- Newport, whero the sheep received from all - parts of tho' country are killed . 'and ; frozen. These 'work's "are '-'cohnebtcd. -with -'the/ railway system, so-" that., tho. sheep are, truokqd' right to tho yarda TiiS slaughtering is oarrled on under the super visiori of ono of the' foremen, who has tho power— which heexeroise'a freely—of rejeot-. ing any shocp of inferior quality. Tho oareful examination is rendered necessary in order to maintain the reputation of Victorian moat, and the determination of tho firm to do so iB shown by the rejection of as many its 5300 sheep in one week. The squatters and farmors are now realising that it is useless to send' any but the best animals for export, and tha.earcases are consequently of uniform quality. In .tlio soleotion'of sheep for London; Messrs. Turnbull, " Hotson, and Co.- are guided by the q'dvloe of their! London agents; who state that the . taste . of the ' oohsiimers has of late yean steadily ,-altored in favor . of. small,. plump,! early matured carcases, as against the large, meaty carcases preferred when tho trade first commenoed. Instead of a 65 lb. carcase, a 58 lb. carcaso is preferred, and the firm are endeavoring to keep their BhipmentB nt that standard. Tho carcasoB that are accopted arc thoroughly cleaned and placed in tho freezing oharaber, whero .they are' suspended 'from life, ceiling.,, The.tejnperature jB.'gra'duaiiyireduoed from 30 deg. above., freezing-point, to 27 deg.' below/ and tbo 'caresses > beebmd - ksv hard':aa wood, " Tho timo' iocinpied,' in/free'tlng; is' about 48 hoars, " and the', carcaseq arq then placed ' in . white muBlln.ooyera.- or V shirts,' whioh, protect: thorn from dirt. Tho prinoipal store for tho frozen meat is at the new Fish Market, in Flinders-street, Melbourne, .where the firm have leased insulated ohambera capable of holding 20,000 carcases. Tho temperature, in those ohambers is kept nt about 7 deg. abovo zero, and the meat is packed . : - /' " : from the' floor right'hp tb'the, roof." /The meat js. brought, up from Newport in'cool truoka and packed-away without, being 'aubjeotcd to ordi nary atmospheric oonditionB. In-tho transit of theiheat front, the freezing works to the stores there is very little -rush, and the work is carried, on': methodically,. . Tho shipping of the meat THE NEWPORT FREEZING WORKS .. (MESSRS. TURNBULL, HOTSON AND CO 1 . . , i f" 1 THE WORKS. AT NEWPORT, .... 2. RILLINO AND PREPARING. EtHIiEP. . 3. TJ1E CITY FkEIUUfiG CtIAMBEIt8. NEW- MARKETS - FI.TNDFUH STRF-ET ' S TUT RUTOlf nv mw- uu/i inn i.mrnn t . FLINDERS STREET, RLDAMNCl "THE 'Sift MORAYSHIRE AT WILLIvSiSTOTVN.' -fcoLlf OF THE STEAMER.'' ; l' 1 ' however, is difforent, and from tho timo tho ship berths at: the pier there is vory littlorcst. In order to avoid the riakoftho meat gotting soft, tho work of loading is oarried on at night, oommonoing at 7 p.m. and finishing at 6 a.m. the next day. Tho illustration shows the operations of loading, tho steamer Moray shire, whioh. loft; on. /Wednesday for London. The vessel was berthed at the Breakwater Ficr, nnd tho moatwas taken to the vessel's sido in truoks. The great steamer loomed high above tho pier, but a wooden shoot was placod from the truck through a porthole to tho, hold of the vessel, down whioh the carcnses-rattlod like logs of wood. The tally of the number of sheep shippod is kept by ono of the ship's officers and a clerk from the works, who, wrapped in great ooats, sit all through tho long night at the hatoh on top of tho chamber. Below thorn tho temperature is at freezing point, nnd the figures of the men who are engaged stowing the caresses appear liko ghosts in the mist. A visit to tho oliambor requires & good deal of resolution, for tho only, means of ingress is down a perpendicular ladder, thesteps of which are slippery with ice. Onco be low the sight well repays tho effort, for the whole ohamber is decorated with' -ioicles and snow.' Tho aarca8cs of tho sheep are stowed away as close na possible, and being frozen /'hard'; lie; liko- so many pieces of wood, until they aro broken out at London. During . tho short time Messrs. Turhbull, Hotson and Go., have been in, the business, they have sent away several cargoes- of meat from Melbounie. The first shipment was made by the R.M.S. Massilia, .in' ' October, when 3600 oaroases were ' ' despatched. The steamer Elderslie followed, with 20,000 oaroases, and arrived at London last woek. The meat was in splendid condition, and the merino sheep realised from 3d. to 3id. per lb., and the Iambs from' 4£d. to 5d. per lb. The next venture was with; the sajling.ship Timaru, whioh took away 17,000 oaroases, and she was followed by tho Fifoshire, with- 17,000 ciiroasoB. The Morayshire shipment consisted of 12,000 oaroases, but the next ship, the Australasian, whioh leaves here on ...7th; March, will take 17,000 oaroases.' 'The growth of the trade in Australia- lias- been marvollous, and the total quantity of mutton sont to London from 1880 to 1892 was 1,747,398 carcases. The 1880 shipment only consisted of 400 oaroases, but thoy increased year by year, Until in 1892 tho numbor of carcases rsoeived in London and Liverpool was 504,738. Although these figures aro largo, there is every prospeot of their being inoreased, ns the prinoipal salesmen in London are making arrange ments for the establishment of dopots at Tort Said, Aden, Brindisi, Gibraltar and other ports, in order to get the meat distributed throughout the East This means another market, so that before long tlio trade must grow to enormous proportions. The general impression is that Melbourne will be come the principal port of shipment in Aus tralia, as the freezing works will . draw . the supplies qf mutton from tho . southern, por- tions of Now South Wales. The arrangements for treating nnd shipping the mutton from Newport are, ' according to . Cap tain . Simpson, of tho Thermopylae, for better than, in Sydnoy or Newcastle, as tho freezing works at those plaocs are too far away from the shipping, and tho meat is injured boforo it is' placod on board. Tho mall com panies are not offering any facilities to the Mol- bourno firm to ship meat by tho mail boats, as they give all their spaco to Sydnoy. If arrange ments could bo mado by whioh the mail Bteamera would take 5000 oaroases from Melbourno por week, the danger of the firm's storago accommo- dation bcooming.blooked would bo avoided, and tho works oould bo kopt going constantly. Unfortunately tho mail companies will hot do so, and Messrs. Turnhull, Hotson and Co. have to rely upon tho regular meat carriers to get their meat home. 