WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? MBS. H. H-H; Jx aos lives at No. 211 Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie' Parrot boards with her. The hose is an old' one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. . At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry hunmor died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. RU shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistoL The women fed screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the door. and windows. securely locked - What was ib the women aw " During a recet period of il health," writes an American friend, "I had selpt badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was sudddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling.of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother jnst as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of-it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never ge' well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was thenerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott-road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:-"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1890. I lept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick moet of the time. M skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By- and-by I had to lie helpless in .bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing bnut skin and bone.. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I hadgiven up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bornemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrnp. A she seemed to hfe so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days Ivwas able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am am well as ever. I can eat-and digest my food; "and all my nervousnes .has let STheimaiady Mrs.. Foster suffered from . was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given nei * vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves.- . . .Whatever -may be your. opinion of-the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, aad when Mother Seigel's Syrip does its work the eyes and ears * entertain only what is natural and wholesome. : , . . ... . - • " "% ,: -.o 