HER HUSBAND'S ENEMY. CHAPTER III. BREAKERS. I That doy. I Too deeply sunk in craterous'ánnseta now I For you or me to dig It up alive.-Aurora Ltjjli, \ The cloud lying so low at sunset rose as twilight deepened to night, and gathering to itself the lower vapors, came along the nearer heavens until it was a mass of midnight swallowing up the stars, the moon, the heavens. There was fire in it3 midst and thunder that rolled in vaster volumes, rumb- ling like Vulcan's hammer echoes. Destruction rode riotuously in its heart. It was flood-tide at midnight, and as the waters beat higher and higher up the sands and throbbed like some great heart against the pier, theanchored boats lifting and falling and tosaing like living things upon it, the black vapors overhead, over- charged broke upon the world beneath in a torrent I of wind and rain, shot through and through with lightning-tongues. Most of the guests at the Surf Hotel were awakened by the storm, and many of them made hasty toilets and gathered in the parlour for com- panionship. Ajecia Graham had not fallen asleep, and, at the first sound of thunder, rose very softly not to rouse her husband, and donning a loose wrapper of pale silk, she seated herself at the window to watch the breaking of thu storm. The clouds had not yet swallowed the moon, which was riding the heavens like some witch at Btrife with the elements of an infernal world, the hurrying scuds blown from the greater mass of cloud whirling across her face and fleeing away, tearing at her, flaunting beside her, yet ever grow- ing larger and more dense as the war-ship of the storm advanced up the sea of heaven. On the sands below, just visible now and theH beyond the sand- hills, as the moon conquered the scuds, the white surf gleamed ghostily rank upon rank, The woman at the window, in her trailing silken gown, sat fascinated, with her hand3 clasped upon the ledge before her, her face luminated or dark- ened by the shining or dimming of the moon There was no fear in her heart, only deep awe and a nameless something like the touch of a heavenly spirit. She was unconscious that her husband had wakened and was watching her under his half closed lids. She was unconscious that she was an inspiration to him, or that the bitterness of his sou' was touched by the sweetness of her presence. Like the true woman she was, she was thinking of him, not of herself. She loved him, and knew that he suffered intensely betause of the trouble fallen upon him. He was BO proud and loved luxury so thoroughly that failure was worse than death. But she knew, also, that he was too noble and too manly to seek death for relief, as many might. Presently, in a lull of thunder, he addressed her ?. " Alecia !" be said, quietly. She turned to him at once. Even in the dark- ness he knew that she was smiling upon him. " You are awake, Harold ? What a terrible storm this is !" " Yes," he replied, waiting until another thunder- peal died away, leaving the world strangely still, eave for the roar of the surf. " Terrible, Alecia, especially for any vessel unfortunate enough to be upon the water unprepared." Once mo-e she turned to the window, looking across the black sand- hills to the invisible roaring surf. " I had not thought of that," she said, an anxious note in her voice. " You need not worry absut it, dear," he said, gently, catching this troubled tone. " The coast- guard are able fellows." A distant report of fire-arms interrupted him and brought Alecia to her feet. He also started up and began hastily dressing. " Some boat in distress," be said, hurriedly. " A pleasure or fisbmg-hoat, probably, for that was a rifle-shot. A steamship would fire heavy guns and send up rockets." " What are you going to do, Harold ?" "Come," he said, " we will go down-stairs, Alecia> and learn if there is danger. It may be nothing. T have frightened you, dearest !" He held the door open for her to pass through, and reached out his hand to her as she crossed the room from the window. "It may only be some signal from the Govern- ment House," he said, smiling to reassure her. She placed her hand trustingly in his, and they passed out together, but the hand was a hand of ice and her heart was beating in terror. Her sensitive spirit was stirred by the probability of danger to others. It was BUCII a fearful night. They came upon excited groups in the hall and parlour, the ladies gathering at once around Alecia, as though there were some subtle strength and magnetism in ber presence. Harold passed out upon the piazza with a few of the men, to learn what was possible of the threatened danger. "A ticklish thing," shouted George Priestly, turning aside from the burst of shrieking wind that struck across the pier, holding his hat on with one hand and grasping the lapels of his coat with the other, that it shonld not be torn from him. " A ticklish thing, now, I fcefi you, fellows, if it's a smalt boat out there ! Those shots didn't come from the coast side ; they're eff to leeward, and the coast- guard will havo a hard time trying to save them. Pretty rocky, you know, out farther. Mig'nty Uttlo hope, I say« What is it, Banks ?" "A yacht," replied one of the hoirf nanda, hurry- ing past them across t£e piazza for lanterns. Every one-was alert, for a wreck waa a terrible «nag ia anec a storm. " She's dbwn by the point. BeeiA 'etting off rockets. Too air gone-for that though« now. Hardly a bit of her lefb whole. They'll do« what they can to save 'em;, but <Aeir ain't much,1 hope." " Let'o go down !" shouted Harold. Perhaps w» ;may be of service. They'll need all of that they san get, God'help them !" "But we cannot go down there," protested? Charlie Brown, decidedly. " We'll blow across to Europe if we try." "Well, I don't object to a free passage across !' retorted Harold, shortly. He was off ere he finished speaking, straggling with hie companions, with the shoets of rain and hail beating upon them. The sea had lifted itself in the might of the storm and waa leshing close up under the plank walka along the sana,' washing over their feet now and then as they fought their ¡way. Alecia, with her friends in the parlour of the Surf Hotel, indeed would have been proud'of her hus- band could she have known of his errand. But she did not know, and Ninette waa clinging to her for courage, and a group surrounded her discussing the danger of a vessel upon the sea, and trembling under the terrible shocks of thunder roaring aronnd them. Poor Bess Catherwood was as white as a ghost <wd had long ago forgiven Leland and would not allow him to stir from her- side for a moment even to learn what waa passing outside, but clung to him with her small hands, her terrified eyes now lifted to his, now close shut under their lids to keep out the lightning flashes. "Oh, it's just dreadful-dreadful--dreadful!'» she would say, as a thunder- burst raverberafced around and around the building, snatching her hands from his arm to cover her ayes and corçer still further down among the cushions «f the great chair at the farthest end of tha room from tha windows. " Why must we have thnnder- showere, Mr. Leland ? Why can't we have quiet raini instead t They're bad enough, indeed, bat thia makes me wretahsd ! One might as well be at the mouth of a oannon and expect to be shot into pieces, I tell yauit's horrid and I won't let you go outside that door ! You must just keep right on telling me ovar and ovar that iii ' will not last long, or I shall die, I tell yau !" So what could he do but romain with ker and comfort her, and think, in spite of her cowardice,, that she was the sweetest and dearest of all women» and be absolutely happy knowing that she cared fe> detain him there, although it was kis wish to go with his friends and do what he might, should there be need. Bat shudder as they would in tke parlor, made brilliant with lights to dead« tke lightniagv huddled in groups, fearful «f tke «kunder and lightning and sea, they did not dream of a drama enacted upon the wild beach with the clouds an<£> lightning for a background and only lanterns for footlights. Had Alecia known, would her hands have been so steady or her voice BO soft with its comforting ? Would she have said that all was well even in that storm ? [ For down on the beach the guests, the hotel hands and the coast-guard were doing their best for a steam-yacht beating herself to pieces among the> breakers and rocks just beyond. The yacht con» tained a pleasure party upon a fishing excursion caught in the storm and unable to keep off the coast, the fury of the storm having strained their machinery and broken the shaft. So there she waa I beating upon the rocks beyond the beach, Her bow was scarcely above the waves. Her stern waa under water, and her passengers were crowded for- ward clinging with the ona instinct of life to the last hope. The small boat was of no use in that water, and if the coast- guard could not save them there could come no hop«. The rookots had ceased j the shots abo. In the terrible storm it waB difficult to work, but the men on Bhore fought like heroes to render help to those clinging to the beating wreck. The first rocket attached to the life-line went astray, beaten aside by the furious wind and rain ; but the second well aimed, struck the bow, and the rope was caught. The work of rescue waa under way, though but a few moments at moBt were left ere the boat must godown. One man was saved, scaroely breathing, from tho fierce struggle through the breakers, but still alive ; another and another in the same condition. Hope was reviving, though still death leaped to grasp them on all sides. For a time it was difficult to determine whether life or death would conquer in the struggle. Bnt the men on the beach worked like madmen to save the men mad with fear in the midst of that boiling water. And then, the last man was fighting his way, buoyed up by his life preserver, grasping the life-line as he rose and sank and rose again in the heart of the water. Harold Graham among the men on the beach was like a giant in his efforts to render assistance. Ho dashed, unmindful of himself, into the boiling breakers to drag (¡tie men to land as they struggled in. His companions scarcely recognized him, for the lover of luxury, the pet of fortune and society had never before been tried. That his own life might pay for his reckless bravery he never thought. He had no fear. He lacked the knowledge of the beach which the coast-guard possessed, but he was equal with them in courage and bravery. The last man was fighting bia way to life through, that sea of death. He was evidently greatly exhausted, for bia effort» were feeble »s he drew nearer into the light of the lanterna and the almoBt constant glare of the lightning. They shouted to cheer him, and were on the alert at the rope. Bnt as he came in almost to the beach, the receding breakers beat him back. And thpn it was that the mills of the gods ground very slowly and exceedingly fine, casting into the balance the good or ill of Harold Graham's life. For with his rpckless disregard of self, pushing aside detaining hands ere any other could pass him, ho dashed into the water and let the breakers lift; and bear him out toward the man beyond,_ and struggled to grasp him that he might guide him to shore. And then, with an exclamation of horror, . he let him go, drifting past him and farther ouo upon Hie black night of waters. For in the glare of lightning, with earth and heaven rent b# thunder, and death beating about him, Graham, recognised his heaviest creditor. (To le continued.) 