BOGUS REDIVIVUS. Most people believe Bogus dead. I shared the impression until the other night, when I saw him redhanded. I was not deceived. It was not his ghost or apparition that appeared, but himself in all hie brazes effrontery., with, all his old insolent assumption of rectitude. Many others aaw him jj at the same time, and the question was freely lj asked;, 'Is not that Boguo, who was said to be dead and buried ?' It was Boguo, all agreed. There was no doubt about that. His hocus pocus could uot be mistaken.. His cloven feet wera in the shade, but his countenance and speech, his pill-gilding and quackery, his clap-trap and make believe, all stamped him as the original Bogus, who wo thought had paid the debt of Nature some time ago and returned ' To the vile dust from whence ho sprung. Unwept, nuhonour'dj and unsung.' Remembering- the pain and heart- sore, the dis tress and misery, that resulted from his former exploiting, and how he ' froze the genial current of the bouI ' of Sydney, it was deemed desirable to ascertain whether his return to his former scenes meant 2emors9 or mischief, whether it meant restitution of his ill-gotten gains or further spoliation of a deluded and credulous public. There was no need to question him upon these paints, or rather it was as vsAn to espect him to give a candid answer as to expect corn in chaff, or virtue in politicians. It soon becamo evident that any cross-examination oi tho motives of his reappearance would be met with blufE and bluster. Bogus had still his abettors, who soon silenced all crosB-exominers. The abettors and allies of Bogus propagate like burr and pursue their1 prey like jackals. Ee garded as aosiouo vermin for Ihe Isot two oe three years, their placen know many of them ao loagei1™ Some are boyond tho seas,, And some are in the ' soup.' Bogus was soon without restraint, inflating Qome thing a little more tangible than ' thoelophantin the moon.' There I shall have him for the present with the caution to all whom it may concern, Beware, Bogus is abroad, seeking whom he may devour, like fche fox or the dingo ! VERBUM SAP, 