Original Sketch. THE GHOST OF ILLAROO. ? 10)— A STORY OF '05. By John Jameson. ' I decided to go down to see my old school fellow, Harry 8pooner, who lived on hia etation (Jorriwauglo) situated under tho shadow of a rango of mountains of that namo, and which embraced tho lovoly valo that re joiced in tho euphonious aboriginal cognomen Tllnmrv Visitors from Sydney wero frequent, and added much to tho pleasuro of tho sylvan J enjoyment of tho rural lifo of tho neighbour- j Ono couple, a lady and a gcntleniun, who ? had beeu down ou a visit had added to the ! festivities duriug their stay, but their de parture had also cast a great gloom over tho district, aud tho homo at Jorriwauglo espe cially, a few months beforo tho date of my visit. Thoy left tho station on horooback together and crosscd the country towarda tho river to catch tho steamer at a spot to which tho Sydney Steamship Company sent a tender over every week lor cargo and passengoro. The liorsis belonged to tho station, and wero to bo left at a neighboring farmer's placo and to bo taken back tbo next day by ono of tho bauds who was staying there. Tho gonticnan duly reachcd Syduoy, but not to tho lady ; and tho horses wero duly returned homo. But what had becomo of tho lady? Tho gentleman, it was boliovcd, on arrival at tho city, had immediately taken his p2L:sago for South America, and was not again heard of. Several weeks passed by and no lottcr, ao had been promised, was received by the pcopio at Jcrriwangle. This led to a lottcr 1 being scut to her address in tho city, which was iu due course returned, marked 4 address ....1. - Wfttliintvinni'ftwiifl TinfirfV mroont, rumors, which lod up to tho conclusion that tho )ady had not ovon gouo to Syduoy with the gontloman iu question; but what had be omo of her 110 ono know. Tho most searching enquiry was nudo for hor and for him, with tho result abovo stated, that ho left tho colony fdr tho distant shores 0 2 America. # # Thrco days af tor my arrival at Jcrriwanglo, as wo sat around tho largo open fircplDOQ iu ?whioli blazed a roaring fire, _ ordinary and oxtraordinury stories v/oro boing told, and among others, that of u ghost Eaviojj bcon BCeu moro than onco at tao farther udo of Illaroo, noar a largo natural lako or lagoon inan opon plain. ' Why, it might bo tho lady's . ghost of whom you havo told mo,' said I to Sooner. At first ho poopoohed tho idea, but after a whilo he yiolacd no far to my conjectures an to oonoont to accompany mo on a midnight excursion, wo two dono, to tho vicinity of this email lake whero tho ghost had been ccen. Ho caid that on no account would he go on a ghont hunting oxpodition ; but if I choso to go with him to discover the wheroabout^of Bomo horse:), w hicli had got among tho wild ones in tho vicinity of Illaroo I could do so, and tako my chauco of ghost seeing. Bat as ho gavo out that ho was going to look for the horse.'/, not a soul on tho station had tho slightest notion that any thing muro wan in our mind. Well, wo started about eight o'clook ut night, and after two hours of slow riding, camo within a short distance of tho lake or large lagoon. The nlnin. iu tlio middle of which it stood. was fringed by a thin forc.it, and on tho other sido of it from us wa^» a deep grassy gully. It was hero Spooner expected tbo horses I would como out for grow, and make for tho water in the lagoon towards midnight, when ho would have a chauco of seeiug the whole herd nnd of distinguishing tho three stray, cream-colored horses that were believed to bo amongst them. Wo drew uji under tho shade of a clump of , trees and awaited iu silence, ho expecting to seo tho her1 of hors-'s, aud I hoping tho ghost might appear. Soon the horses showed up, but did not como further than tho brow of the hill, for a good while. Whon we had been waiting about an hour they camo on siowiy a short distance ; aud there, sure enough, was one of tbo lost horses, lcadinir tho mob. My friend was on tho tiptoe .of expectation and was anxious for tho othora to como and then to go aud cut them out from the rest. At that moment thoy took alarm and wheeling round wero soon away into the valley agaiu. * 1.00k, thero it is, Spooner ; do you see it moving ?' I said. . f ; . ' What moving?' replied h°. * 'Why, that figure on horseback, oomingon j to tho north endof tho lagoon, and it's ridiug 1 G -y,'hito horse, too.' ? . 4 Why, it's a stockman out late, you fool. That's what scared tho horses. I wish him ''3uc-icu my mcuu, tu uujjwuu humor. Then he was silent, and so was I for some minutes. Tho figuro on horseback came on and 011, nearer to the water, and only stopped when right on the edge of it. ' Wlij, tho crazy fellow will go right into it. Ho's mad or lost.' Then looking at it eagorly for Bomo two or thrco minutes, he exclaimed: 1 Jamicson, it s a woman; it's not a man. Look, there's hor hat utid riding habit. What is sho doing thero ? Hang it all, 1 11 go tn her and sho what she wauts. Como with me ? ' Ho did not finish tho sentence ; for just then tho object rode slowly round tho wator as if comiug towards us, then passed aud pointed hor whip at tlio lagoon. 4 Is it tho ghost, Spooner?' I whispered to bun. ' Ah, wait a bit, old follow, and f?eo if sho calls f«a* help,' lio answered, in a voice that betrayed alarm. So wo fiat motionless on our horses, and with no vory courageous fecliugs, I assure you, lor wo wero not certain wnat tuo figuro was nor what it meant to do. ' It'fl a maniac going to drown herself; I am sure it is,' at length whispored Spooner. Wo wero at least a huudred yards off the ob , jeot, and why we spoke iu whispers I hardly know, unless it was fear ; but then, fear of ?^kat ? ? Whether human or ghostly we oould not toll at that distanco, bo I purposed 1 to go nearor aud ascertain, but not a loot j would my companion stir, until tho straugo I thing bogan to rido towards us. Ho then j turned his horse to ride away, but I took hold j of his rein and proveuted him doing^EQ^Tiir told him to face Spooner' s ^countenance' was livid aud great beads of perspiration broko out over his face as I iorcibly held his horse. When I looked around again the strange back to the water. Nor did it again stop, but rode on to tho other cud. ' Don' lot her her drown hersolf. Lot's go and stop her at once,' I ejaculated ; and we wero about to ride ovor to hor, when sho turned her horse and rodo on, on, quito round tho lagoon, as if uncertain whero to outor it. It then paused for a littlo and rode away a short distance, s'opping now and then to lOOKat us. j.ne-'ouuueeiueuiuovuwumn cuu: tiuued for a time, aud sho then turned abruptly and rodo back to tho water, to again pull up at the end of it, whore she stood at first. Reining iu her horse she faced the lagoou, aud to our horror, rodo straight into the wator, as wo imagined, nnd we gave rein and stirtod to prevent the suicidal aot or rescue hor if possible. * That's uo mortal ' said Spooner, turning hiB horse to ride away in alarm. 4 Courage, man, let's see it out. It surely has some message, if it would only speak,' I said. We told uo ono of our adventure with tho strange midnight wanderer, but talked the matter over between ourselves. In three days after this, again I suggested our visiting the spot, and taking with us two stockmen, with the avowed intention of cap- , turing, if possible, tho horses whioh wero ro ; ported as having been Been at Illaroo. Only j Spooner and I know our secrot. Wo rodo on 1 to tho same locality and took up a position at j a difierent spot, and stood waiting for the I wild horses to come down for water. Wc* linrl Win rr-nfinn- fuller 1,mn- -vvif^nuf uuu uwu buuiu xuuy uuuuui 'uuvuu seeing anything, when again this nocturnal visitor appeared, horsed andattirodas before. It was agreed that Spooner and I should say nothing, ovon if tho apparition appeared, but allow the stookmon to mako tho discovery for themselves. So though I saw it as soon as it camo, 1 Baid nothing. Tho men both saw it at the camo moment, and at first thought it was a woman, lost and wanderiug about, and oue of them gavo a loud coo-eo, and then another. But as no answer was sent back, ho expressed groat Hurprifie, aud eaid that Bomo ono was trying to hoax them. Wo, of oourse, affected sur prise. too. On tho ficruro came, slowlv. toward tho lagoon. Nor did it atop for an instant, but rode a fow paces into tho water, forcing from the mon the ojaculation : — ' No ; 'tis no woman ! it's tho Ghost thoy | havo been talking about at the station,* re plied. another man. ? . | Mr. Spooner and I thon baid that wo had ceen it boforo, and thus allayed the fears of tho two men. Now horo woro four persona who saw tho apparition, no wo folt uuro that no illusion had tahon place ; and two of ua had eeen it twboin tho tamo placo. Wo turned our horses homowards, and in tho oxeitemont caused by tho ghost on hornobaok, forgot all about tlio lost horses wo had gono to ceok. With such testimony who could resist be lief in tho oxistcnco of tkia ghost? Not tho peoplo of Illaroo, and certainly not thoso of Jcrriwanglo. And so tho legend fastened itself to tho district, and is even yot revived ou long, dark nights, although tho prose history of tho local polico station shows that tho apparition was a living person, beiug tho wifo of a Bclcctol', whoso mind had got un hinged and who evoutually was saved from a watery gravo by a commou- sonao policoman. 