THE BLUE TIER. The old IS he Tier is about showing now signs of life in the shape of a new proprietary having secured that valuable property, the Perennial. This property had to come under the hammer owing to two applications for the same ground. Thus the Treasurer eau smile, as he will now have the sum of 11s per acre, instead of 5s. as heretofore, to help the State burdens with. The old Perennial Co. or Prospecting Association was formed in July, 1891, and they possessed in all 200 acres, but the first 80 acres taken up are the cream of the whole, for on this section the two prospectors, Palmer and Camper, found the richest outcrop of a tin lode known in the world. A tunnel was opened across the same for nearly one chain in length, exposing tin ore Kith a little of the matrix with it. In fact, it was nearly clean enough to be sent to market as dug out. Many other portions of the mine were sunk on, and encouraging prospects obtained. This SO acres were then put under offer for a large amount in the London market, but the sale did not come off. In the meantime it was let on tribute to work the alluvial drifts, but the tribute not only worked the alluvial, but like a wise man, pegged away at the soft portion of the rich outcrop of lode, making exceptional wages out of the came. His mode of working was of the crudest form. The present company intend to prove what this wonderful To Jo is at a depth 'and also work the alluvial drifts on a system calculated to pay of which there is not much doubt. Should the present company prove this rich stone to live down, they have exceptionally great advantages of' getting in adits or open cuttings along the line of lode, while they have the best opportunity for working machinery by water-power in the whole of the district. The nearest mine at work to the above is Messrs. Miller and Beale's. Here Mr. Beale his sluiced off two acres. of the surface drift, thereby uncovering a huge mass of tin stone, into which he has sunk to various depths, proving the said stone to live down equally rich satin. . i. I, like many others, feel sorry for the sudden stoppage of the New Moon, of Late Haley's lease, but do not feet surprised; for a mine to be worked on that magnitude must have a capital to first open up the ground so as to have a series of faces and at great depths, which they were never able to obtain, and the consequence was that the mining manager did not have the ghost of a show to make the mine pay, as all he could do was to work at the nearest points ; while in two of the faces the dirt had to be hauled up steep grades by horse- power, and the Civil , fornian pump had to be man-handled in them to keep Said faces clear of water. What about Mr. Montgomery's report of this field ? Very many are inquiring if he is still in the service, for retrenchment is such a ruling feature with the present Ministry. Yesterday news came to hand from Palmer, Blue Tier, that he had made another important lindon the Perennial West of a rich outcrop. 