THE LATE MRS. ALLEN. Mrs. Allen, of Toxteth, was well known by name throughout the Colony ; her maiden name was Bowden., She was born in London November 2nd, 1807, and was married to the late Hon. G. Allen, M.L.A., July 24th, 1823, and lived in Toxteth from the year 1831 to the day of her death, January 19th, 1893. She was naturally of a quiet habit, gentle in her manners, and calm in her movements and speech, which would, to some, suggest a weak character, but those who knew her best knew that her quiet demeanour was not placid feeble ness, but composed strength, and self-possessed resource, as granite be neath Alpine snow wreaths. While we admire the natural goodness which she had in no common measure, we are not tempted to stop there. When the sub ject of our sketch was a gentle-hearted girl, reared in a Christian home as ' in a garden of spices,' the. Lord Jesus met her one day, and there was no escaping from the encounter with her best Friend. The most lovable and loving natures discover that in them, as well as in the more rugged, there lurks an opposition to Christ, and the teudencv to refuse Him the highest place in the heart. In this young maiden's history, Divine Grace triumphed. She yielded to the Saviour's love, and experienced in herr self the renewing influences of the Holy Ghost, which descended as the dew of summer descends upon the mown grass early in the morning, in rich plentitude and efficacy. Never is conversion so truly revealed in its Heavenly beauty and effect as when it takes place in the human spirit in the sweet morning of youth, before it is sullied by the dry and dusty noon. In this young maiden's heart Divine Grace found no 'violent resistance Having obtained free entrance there, Christ came in, not as the colonist comes to a new country, for much rough work of clearing and felling is necessary before the ragged edges of the forest can be fringed with harvest, but as the well-pleased gardener upon some nook of natural fruitfulness which only waits his touch of skill to reply in flower and fruit richer in hue and rarer in quality than he could rear in other ground.' Mrs. Allen was a beautiful character. She possessed the ' dew of her youth/' for she ' lost not her first love.' Too many Christians are like the orange — you have to work through a bitter rind before you come to any inward sweet ness, but Mrs. Allen had ' the beauty of the Lord our God upon her,' as well as the inward ' beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning.' Many elderly persons are Christians, but being converted late in life, they are young disciples, but Mrs. Allen had been a Christian so long as to be worthy of the honourable title, ' an old disciple.' Conversion in Mrs. Allen's case was of the most satisfying character, as, in deed, it always is likely to be in thought ful spirits yielding in youthful freshness to the Saviour's love. She, for years, like her Redeemer, ' went about doing good.' She was an elect lady, who elected to relieve the sick and poor in their poverty and distress. None but her Saviour and herself know the ex tent of her charities. How many of the poor and aged about the Glebe will miss Her, who can tell ? Mrs. Allen was one of the oldest, if not) the oldest, Methodist in the colony, who joined the church in this land. She remembered the arrival of the Rev. Samuel Leigh, the first Methodist minister that ever trod on Australian shores. She stood by her father at the meeting which was convened to give Mr. Leigh welcome. She loved her church and the discip line of the church. When her ' child ren were about her,' and they moved in the higher circles of society, she kept on, never diverted from ' the rules of society,' as the discipline of our church was then called. She always en joyed the fellowship of godly persons of every denomination, but was never happier than when in the company of Methodist ministers. She was very regular at her class meeting, until age and feebleness deprived her of this much loved exercise. Her work and labour of love continued to the end. She was a contributor to almost every charity, our own Connexional reports testify how she collected and gave to the institutions of her church. She was, to the last, President of the Glebe Dorcas Society, and Treasurer of this branch of the B. and F. Bible Society. Mrs. Allen's chief work, perhaps, was the Toxteth Sabbath-school, in which she took a great interest. She defrayed the whole expense of this institution herself, and, until a few months before her death, she taught a large class of young men, who revere her memory, and the influence of her life and teaching will last with scores of them through life ; she was to them all love, kindness, ear nestness, and warmth, and she coveted their salvation as misers desire gold. ? Mrs. Allen was a devout Christian Methodise from intelligent conviction ; She was a great reader, a great reader of good books, and especially of the Book of books. To no person could empty praise be more odious than to Mrs. Allen ; but she was an excellent lady, ' a woman that feared the Lord.' While she praised many, never did her lips utter any detraction from any o*ne, nor ^tdpo fhoro wrinrlo nf Vinoet'.irnY rw£ orrrvfc ism, or of censoriousness on her tongue, but her words were words of peace and of love. While we say this, we praise her not for herself chiefly, but for the grace of God which was in her. Mrs. Allen was one of the multitude of Christian women whose world was chiefly her narrow nook of ' home,' ?where she ever exercised a holy influ ence. ' Her family arise up and call her blessed, her neighbours also, and they praise her,' and, it is not too much to add, ' Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all.' Her death was like her life, - beauti fully quiec and gentle. After about two days of great pain, without a groan or a murmur, she stepped from Time to Eternity as one who ' walked with God, and God took her.' ' Servant of God, well done.' 