Town Talk. That the Naew Laland Parliament Honast ie .maW abut up, *'pending reconstrectte " of parties--r, tsther. pending the decisien of the coxntry on the actiona of the variolea legisla That tbhe Matori Assembly appear to have done a fair amount of yacker dorinn the see aioq; bet they are blessed or cornnd, I ke other Assemities, with a 'co-ordinato b:anch." That, in everyday language, this means that ther ic a Legislative C hncei in New Zealnd. That they have been putting in some of th bheat. work la ely. for jant ae feet as the assembly passed anything, jnust o60 fdet did the -oEncil sling it oct. That this choeking out bluineee my hanve ssen great fn to " the fossils," but the live seMtion of Parliament didn't regard the matter in that light. That cenrquently one i' not surprised to learn that the coanery will he acked to give its opinion en the doisabiity of the "reform" ef the said Upper House. That there is alno a probahilita' of ths ' re \- form" being curried out mont rff ctally, be. aunse the Ministry swear that it is useless try ing to si ary business until they have peeked "'the Lordb" with a few more of their own *dpporter.in That ebviouely things political are is a rather mixed cenditiuon in the Swita'rland ni the Southern Hemiephere, Tiot ouer "Lord-" have not yet shown of like their New Z aland compoe'e, and the people here are net sorry that th'y hven't. That whether Australian " federation is in the air," or elsewhere. it is certain that if federation depended notlly on unanimity of aetion in eackieg Railway Commissioners, utid federation would ha horn in en hour. That most of the colot?e? feel that way, and 'ew a lanled now says "Same hereq only sore so I" That Stanbohry'e arrival in ABatralia was 'very useepeeted tc most people, butit was not so to Stanhnry himtelf, who seems to hare teewnait all along That it wold apppar, from hieversion, that tIhe soultling bseinesa is not quite so brisk as "'it used to wt." That evoen that popular pastime has been ameoted by the universal complaint - no nesaales, but " N.S.?'n That if what Ssnbsry sar in 'true, there ?nust be some ableboiode cableliasra knocking 'round. That, though he has not maRe a fortune, he .%a the satisfactiono 'ooming 'home oarrying 'his tail behind him-in other 'words, he has iht lost the ehasmpouehip. 'That the Lokeyer distriot has always been famed for its agriodltural prodnotioos, hbut itrs latent possibilities are uet 'bbegine'ng to be "'dinoovered. That su.garnanse asn be 'grown therem-and maone of the ordioary trash, mind yon. That when the'Lockyer soil decides to grow -anything, it doesn't usurilly'arry out its con 'trset in a baolf.hearted manner. That this is abundantly proved by the on alysis of the caneforwarded'to Brisbane, which -a?pronounced tobes regniar knoookem-down. t op-sawyer sample of extrachoice quality. Fhst. noder the'cironmstsnese, the Austra. lian Ulesheim 'reekone that peoce bath her \--triompbe no leesrenownlea than war, That our Rlenheila's triumph is in its ability to grow stuff that will assist a peaoeful art, and the other Blenheim is quite *elcome to its *briumph of gore. That if half.na.dozen saar mille are not en "tablished in the West Moreton distriot, it \- won't be besase it ooan'tgrow enough angar cane. That at present the relations hbetween the olerks of the Rosewood and Walloon Boards are straned. That this means that they don't wipe their "ftaeue on the same handkerchief, nor do they wear the same pair of boots'teurn about. SThat connilring the sonsection between the. two Boards, this lack of amity is to be re ..reattsd. That the two ofciale shabould bury the at. chet and smoke the columet witbout de'ay, so that the interests of the -reepeotie divisions \--ay not snir,. That cricketing affairs are now fairly ca, -'rata. That the eclipse of thd-tars on Saterday last was not by any means unexpected thalis, afterthe speotators had seen them shabpe for a wbile. That they must bear in mind that the -premierabilp of one seaseonU'doesn't neceassarily mean rooster of the paradednring the follow. kg summer. That theywill have to praotice abundaotly' if they want'to be the ericket boases of 1893.1 That suooese, although enone gained, soon, "ealiut away utileas a tight grasp is kept on her., That it is'hoped by the admirers of the SStars that they will P.8S. aid NB. the above very extensively and several times at eonce. fist .talking about oricket reminds the: wrilter that turf from a southern colony has "been imported to form a wisLket in Brisbane. That there is a bit of enterprise about this. That the tuestion now is, when will the 'Waat Moreton Oricket Assooiation get a wicket ",made of the same sort of staff. That, perhaps, a still more important qoeu. ".etio is, Is there not ome snativsoil that would '-do insteaid hf the importation referred to? That it is said there is turf eqnally as good \---uone of the islands in Moreton Bay. That warely neeaelad is not goingto admit 'that it has no indigenonus material for its ..--riokstere to'play on. That in other words, Are not Abana and SPhaqharb riers of Damaseus, better than all -ine watal orimnel ? That this' beig so, the sooner Abana or Pharphar is produced the better. tPhat, in the meantime, whrb about an ant A?--i wicket? That in the retirement of Blair, the Governo -'ment lose a oanable and obliging ariner. That that 'being his standing, he surelS -netitsed a little ,more oourtelsythan to be told \--! his disoharge by the everyday newspaper Tasteadeof by a proper offiial communixation. That seach contemptuons treatment is not 'iktly "to raise tbe Goverament in general eteem. that it?sa roenetly been disnovered, or, at l'veast 'it is said to hate been disnovered eneablegrams say-that cholera microbes exiest o sas waters4 and that there is danger in quar a-tining vessels near the estusries of tidal Sri4rs. That, if this is true, all vaessaele eo qoaran. feed are in a worse pneition than between the mu?est and Ith deep blae era That. 'Ifthe microbes are in the seea,it doesn't m stterauch whether -vessels are querauntied mear t?ie setnaries of rivers or on theboesom of the rdllieg deep a thousand leagues from land. That the only safe plae. for the quarantised p aope would seem to be on shbore, or else ae. pendeslinsnid air in balloons. Th.at in view of the above dionoverr, -some ew esniterl industry maw soon be startet--ilt's a ill wind that blaws nobhby good. fThat Wra o'esdorme dig not come up to Alas;r botthey~dicflme. That oenosdy adiqhtlatihthbere were abontI flslf.uadoce ?iatinot and different stormselay. I ;.M up at the ta'e time. 'That as already stated, thecterms were out' dfthe i'oast?"f' by a "'onuple of ptos,la" and. ome people wish that they had been "crowded .itaaetogetber." That a lot o freit at Warwiok'as been does. for, bat onur fruit bhere is all righteo far), and g the ~arwich peniple want anytising is that Sin 'ipawich will ptdsily attend to their needs. That-the "TT.." man isglad to bear that pimtaoity je to be given to the fact that a two pnny statmp is requilred on aiwepasaers sent out oftheeolony. flat somtow a good deal of misapprehen. sion has existed in connection waith this satter, ?a?d muck aoneymoa e has been the result. That all alterations of law in eaery-doy alairs coght to bh advertlsed, or how are tne peele to know athinp g abost them? l That it is all very well to say that the public o??ught to know this nod know that, hobut they don't tnow. That the only way in w.ioh th'y could know s. lal natilnally beging Anot of Parliament, and sitting up half the nights trying to under atand them. That, consequently, there is great reed for Acts effecting evcreydny matters to be knocked iato understandable Eaglish and then adeer tised. That otherwise people will never know what they ought to do o1r ought not to do--in short, the " reay to do right, hard to do wrong" prin ciple never gcte a ghost of a show. That it is hoped that the railwaY women alleged to be doing twelve heourse' work a dayr her onl. payment being a free cottage-will prone to he a myth. That, if she actUJly existo, however, it is to he hoped that her circumstances will soon im prove, because that sort of remuneration is not good enoogh. That nnce more the "T.T." man weold reecenfully whisper to the City Fathers, " Tave a care what yon do re that wharfage affair-halt ! pausne on the brink. as it were!" That. to the majority of people, it seems a very shortsighted policy to do anything ciou lated to equelch the river troeflo. That some cities in the old country wonld gladly give a million or two for a river leading to another town. That, none more, dear aldermen, atop a bit ! think the matter over again I That now the "T.T." man thinks of it, he would like to know where Prcfeseor Allncut, the meat expert, is, and what he is doing? That the colony pean him a goal salary, and would like to know how he is earning it. That theeolony has had a number of experts lately-railway experta amongst others--and some of them haven't panned out quite up to exoectation. That the writer once heard of an (alleged) agricultural expert who advised people that it was onnecensary to " hill" epuds. That armo persons followed his advice, with the result that the en baked up their potatoes while in the ground. That it is said tho'e p'op!e would like that (alleged) agrioaltural expert to call up their w-av agin. That it is devoutly to be hoped that there are no experts of that class drawing fat fers from Queensland. That the present stonewalling taotlios of the Oppoiltion have covered them with everlasting diecrace. That the colony in anxionely waiting for the paseing df the Suoar Works GuOarantee Bill, which will oertainly materially help the couonte on its way to prosperity. That-the Opposition's troubnles about what the colony is waiting for 1 That, aso long as they can make themnelves conspiouone on the plea of looking after the white workers' interests, they will, no matter how mnech theyjdelay the bnainsee, be there or thereabhots. That, in spite of the fact that an Act is now and has been for some time in existence for the protection of white men on sugar plantations, the Opposition gammon that they have die revered in this bill an attempt to crowd out Enrnpeans and pot black men in their places. That the ahbsuerdity of such a contention is novious to everybodly except the Opposition and their friends. That how anso increase i the number of ugar mills, by which more white men willgot work, nan vet be an attempt to displace them for kanakas is a problem that no ordinary person tan solve-yet, stay, Helolan might bhe able to toit l That the Government official who is said to make a practioe of watbching some young women going to bed had better discontinue it, or there will be a heap of trouble in his neigh bonrhood-" nff sed." 