THAT FEARFUL FISH. A MATHEMATICAL MALEDICTION. BT L'ALLEGRO. Everyone, even Macaulay's ghastly school- boy, knows to their unlimited sorrow that awful jingle about a " red trip slip for a three cent fare, and punch brother, punch, punch with care, punch in the presence of the passengers." I refrain from quoting it in full, or even correctly, for the sake of the whole human race. The man who would willingly and of- malice aforethought revive it and set it going, in., its infernal and eternal jingle, deserves to be tied up for the rest of his natural life with his head stuffed into a steam organ. I was haunted by this for weeks and only recovered in time to catch the s14 15.13 puzzle fever. By this I was completely thrown, and many years of violent mathematical prostration was the subsequent result. But now I am the victim of another mathematical puzzle, which haunts me night and day I feel my mind is gradually giving way under the strain, and I want to let the world know that if I succumb, I die martyr. Li have tried everything within reason to rid myself or my brain of the horrible nightmare, and now I am starting on all sorts of things, quite without a semblance of reason, in the hope of finding an antidote. The innocent cause of what has now developed into mathematical melancholia was a small boy one of the? small boy who are like a steel trap, always ready to go go off without the slightest provocation, and catch something or someone and gloat with juvenile fervour over the discomfiture of the unhappy victim. I have always had a very decided opinion about small boys being turned loose over the face of nature without being muzzled and chained. I am now yearning like a bottomless pit for the scalps of small boys and I feel that if the strain is not soon removed I shall start out on an extensive hair gathering mission. The desire is growing within me, and will soon be beyond control, to start a scalp album. I have an intense longing? to adorn the little page with the scalp of the author of all this misery. What is the J law on scalping in this colony I wonder is such a misdemeanor provided for Will the Attorney-General please answer P The small boy was in company with a number of other small boys of various sizes, ages and degrees of innocence-Oh s for a multitude of scalps ! Small boys always go in mobs. The one small boy with a rat-trap hue of godlessness spread all over the most prominent features of his clothes propounded the following mathematical problem for the solution of his comrades If a fish's tail weighs 2lbs., and its body weighs as much as its tail and half its head, how much does the whole fish weigh P My first thought was that somewhere, way back in the howling wilderness of a previous existence, many thousands, of years age, I had heard something like, ; this before. An echo from the definition distance of a departed past floated along in the breeze and brought with it an odour of Billingsgate and a vision of a bisected fish with a ticket bearing the strange device, of 9 lbs.,", hanging to the caudal extremity. But the echo failed to fetch along the total weights of the fish. The small boys waxed hilarious over the pot shots they made at the weight, but according to the author of the conundrum they none of the in got a bulls- eye on that scaly monster. He-the little fiend scintillated with glee at having summoned them all. I-as became my more advanced years and superior intelligence set seriously to work to mentally figure out this most interesting problem in mathematics. I tried it on its own merits first, but with unsatisfactory results, so unsatisfactory indeed were they that I made out the fish at one time to weigh over 476 tons, and at another not more than 2 pennyweights. I came to the conclusion, and I think rightly, that this fish had no merits worth speaking about. I then invoked the aid of the magical letter x This sign I said shall represent the head ; now the tail and the head added together will give me the body. Just so. The result was x y. Not having anything about my person which would tell me how many pounds of fish these three letters would represent, I gave these up and tried some other methods. They all failed. I came very near it once though, and if I could only have satisfied myself that I could conscientiously bring in about seventeen millions to divide the product by, I think I should have got the weight of that fish. After a while I began to think that I hadn't got hold of the question right, or that the small boy had wilfully given it out wrong so that no one could answer it. Small boys have a habit of doing this kind of thing so that they can cover themselves up with cheap and fictitious story. It is necessarily ephemeral, but it lasts usually as long as small boys Want anything "' to remain with them. I tried the question several other ways. I said to myself, perhaps that wicked small boy should have put it this way : the head of the fish weighs one ton, its body weighs half its head; how much does its tail weigh ? On the body of a fish weighs 17 lbs., its head is two feet long, while its tail weighs half a hundredweight ; what is the diameter of the fish ? Or if a fish has a tail weighing 10 lbs., and its head is twice the size of its tail, how much will it body weight ? Or if the head and tail of a fish weigh 14lbs and the body weighs half the tail and seven eighths of the weight of the head, how much will the whole fish bring if retailed at 4d per lb. ? Or if the back fin of a fish be multiplied by 41144 and divided by 27 plus the weight of the body minus the tail and the eyelids added to the diameter of the head just behind the ears, divided by the number of scales to be found in the perimeter two feet below the waist and added to 2*687942, what is the age of the fish? It may appear strange, but, chiefly I believe or want of sufficient data that should have been supplied by that infernal small boy, I have not to date discovered a satisfactory answer to any of the above. I event really rea cheese secluded education my domestic hearthrug and mentally decided to lay this fish on one side with the other cases that had infected the day. But the blamed old trisected fish had something to say about this I found He positively refused as a whole, and as, individual par a, had body and tail, to had an seed so summarily. My dearest little Evangulme came and gambolled lover my feet and wiped her st sky hands on my clothes My thoughts were distracted by the innocent pig orangeries, and in having to dislodge a chunk of jam as big as an egg from? my abut front. But only for a moment. I began to apply the fish conundrum to -tHiy darling. I wondered if her head ? weighed 7lbs. axed her united feet weighed half her intellect how much her body would weigh ; or if her body weighed two tons and her head and her legs weighed four-fifths of her appetite, how tall would she be in ten years time ? And then new features were introduced, and as a kind of set off I bucked in the doll, and woo hen house, and a rubber ball and the fire-irons and several other things she mostly affects, and tried to strike a (balance with them against her head and feet with ïk=> letter x as the unknown quantity. jBut x aVa.Bg me again as it did before, and the result was 912 -44 hp She has a lot of power but she is not up to 44 horses yet, thank goodness ! And the evening meal "came as a relief to that traversed fish and doubly bisected baby and her brief a-brae. 'All went well for a while, but only for a while. Unconsciously I found raise of saying of the cup of tea represents the produce of ten acres of mangles, how much will a half chest weigh and if the hoofs and horn of one Queensland s ag bullock boned down produce one ton of prime Victorian butter at 2s. per lb., how many lbs. are there in is whole hide P or, if 1 lb. of imported bat er is made from 3 gals of milk but I gave this up as being too absurd The idea of imported butter being made from the lacteal fluid generated by cows, seems utterly ridiculous, and unworthy the attention of any one who has any pretensions to being a mathematician. Everything I touched I weighed by means of this infernal conundrum. The lamp, the arm, chair, the dog, the cat were all weighed and found too much or sadly wanting. The lady who condescends in return for so nothing under 2500 per annum to superintend the culinary affairs of the household I figured out, taking her feet as a basis, and found she weighed 350,000 tons. I was alarmed at the result, but my wife says it is not far out, a little short if anything. While giving the pony his supper, I discovered to my consternation that he must be according to the fish rule 270 hands high though he only appears about 13 ; but was gratified to find by the application of the same rule that be subsists on 1 15 16the oz. of chaff, 2dwts of bran, and a fraction of a deeigramme of oats per month. I have always heard that it is a poor rule that won't work two ways, and nothing could be more accommodating in this respect than the trisected fish rule which I am new involuntarily applying to everything. I can honestly recommend it to the Auditor General ; he might apply it to the Public Works Department. To anyone about to reconstruct it would prove invaluable. I find by the application of this universal rule that if a cat has 17 kittens on the 1st November, each weighing 2lbs., that in ten years time she will-if she lives as long produce two million kittens, weighing on an average 6 tons each, and that bricks and bottles and boot jacks, and other odds and ends of household furniture generally used as missiles, will have to be 5,000 times heavier than they are now in order to be as effective. I find in the same way, that if 1,000 letters on an average go astray from the General Po at Office new that in 100 years time letter writing will be a lost art ; also that if it now takes three days for a telegraph message to be delivered at a distance of 2 yards from the post office, that in 10 years time it will take 700 years to deliver a message a distance of 1 foot. I find-but why pursue the ghastly fish any further P But it is pursuing me, and I cannot shake it off. Night and day sleeping and waking I am figuring out something. I lay me down to sleep, but before I close my wearied eyes I am alarmed to find that, by the application of this universal rule, the bed is 1000ft. from the ground, and the blankets, at the very lowest computation, weigh 200 tons I blow out the candle only to figure out if one puff weighs lb., and two puffs weigh half of one puff and quarter of another puff, how much will the candle weigh ? I rise in the morning, not a bit refreshed, and start to figure out that if I had porridge for breakfast last week for how many centuries will that hired maiden keep on giving us porridge P In the train the jingle of the windows and the rumble of the wheels set me to figuring out if the trains in the Eastern Railway now travel at the rate of five miles an hour how fast will they run in a week's time. The answer to this is three miles, and it does not seem altogether as preposterous as some answers I have got by applying this universal rule. To every thing I see, to every one I meet, I unconsciously apply this rule. If I met the ghost of my departed grandmother I should, after the first surprise was over, begin to wonder that if her tail weighed 7lbs. and the rest of her spirituous anatomy weighed half as much as her tail and four times as much as her head, how much her halo would weigh? Nothing I feel will relieve me but the scalp of the rat- trap urch n, and I can no longer resist the temptation to be free from this wild and harrassing bifurcated fish. I bid you farewell, a mined and outraged man I lay down my pen to take up a gun. By the accursed rule the scalp should weigh 151. If it weighs a million tons I must have it. 