A TREASURY GHOST. One of tho night watchmen at tho Trea sury, Melbonrne, was found at his post on Saturday morniog in a Btuto of collapse (writes tho rMoibourne Standard). The only way he could account for liis condition was that during tho night, whon making his usual rouuds. he bad seen a chost— a hydra-headed ghost — making high revels in one of the main corridors. Ho approached it carefully with a lamp aud watched its movements. In general appearance it scorned to belong to the common or garden breed of ghosts, excepting for its many heads, and the fact that it carried a scythe ,in its long shadowy fingers, on tho blada of which was inscribed in letters of fire the word "Retrenchment." One of the faces bote a striking resemblance to the well- known features of the present Premier, Mr. J. B. Patterson ; another face, tho watch man says, rominded him nf tho Treasurer, while anothor was tho dead spit of tho member for Maldou. There was a bald head that looked the other way to these. He thought it resembled Sir Bryan O'Logh- len, and that it seemed to want to go a way of its own, only the other heads would not let it. Tho ghoat, after communing with itself a while, walked down to tho Premier's department and peeped in. Then it wont to tbe education offices and sharpened its scythe with a vigor that frightened our informant. When it came to the office of the Minister of Defence it broko out into a wild fandango, and entering proceeded to knock the chairs about. Whon it snbscquently descended to tho ground floor and knocked at tho door of the Minister of Publio Works, another ghoBt which bore a resemblance to Mr. Webb eamo out and triod to hunt it, but after a tussle tho hydra-headed ghost had all the best of it, A similar oncouutor, says the watchman, took place ut the Minos Department, where a small, timid-looking ghost, which remindod him of the member for Gnnbowor, camo out to protoBt against boing disturbed, but wsb swallowed up iu one bito by the goblin. The rumor of the visitation has caused'no end of commotion among tho olvil servants generally. 