AN AGGRAVATING ACENT. HE GOES ON TOUR. BUT PEOPLE WANT CASH. THE BILL P08TER'8 PASTE AND PAY. To begin at tho old topic — depression— it may be said that everybody has been affected by it— sotors being included in the list of sufforcrs. The other day a man with a heavy coat with tremendous fur trimmings and a stags hero's oast of coonleoanco hit upon tho idea of going on tour. Poopto nowadays aro somewhat sorrow-atriokon. thought ho, and want something light to taru tho current of their thoughto from accounts to a subject more interesting and less troub lous. The class of entertainment pro vided by a variety troupo was adjudged he style of thing most llkolv to hit thu' tascu of tbo peoplo, aud accordingly artists lu that branch of ths stage business were advertised for. Asadflign of the times was discovered by tho innocent ad., as tho manager or agent, or whatever he was pleated to call himself, was almost smothered by applications from unemployed aators In almost, ovcry department of the "Art" Tho heavy man turned up looking hungry lean and light ; tho . comedian was tliore looking fat, but terribly sad ; the motto singer asked for an engagement in a voico rusty for laok of use ; jugglors and nil sorts and conditions of thoso whoso aim it Is " to nmutho tlio peoplo," knelt at the feet of tho advertiser proffering tlieir services. Ho en gaged a number sufficient "to produco a bill tbo liko of which has never beforo been pre sented to tho puhlio of this ptaco." Ho told his company that ho was going to tour tho country. A day or two after ho was In ono of tlio prettiest little places In Victoria, and not fardiitant from Molbourno. Thu hall which tho township boasted was immediately engaged, tha resources of thcjlocal newspaper and printing office wcro taxed to (lie utmost in fulfilling the orders for printing which the managerial man poured iu on thorn, and tha local hill. poster spent tho last few pones he possessed in tho purohaso of flour, which ho worked into pasto. Tho agent had worked hard. IIo disappeared for n day or two, and then turnod up again smiling, and at tho head of hi army of entertainers. Tho night in which tho binzo of talent was to burst upon tho people of tho town had arrived, and tho manager was full of hone and confident of big houses. But a rumor had forestalled bim. Sho had whispered that tbo hill poster had not been paid. Now, ovorybody (in that town rospocted that individual, for ho obcyoil tho notices " stick no bills" wherever it appeared, aud when thoy hoard that tho manager had domnndod credit, thoy turned up ilia body to demand that ho be paid. But tho ghost did not walk at night. Then tho man who owned tho paper rushed down ttio street in a breathless stale, demand ing payment for tho space that hail been tak«n up in Lis journal by tho gushing advts. of tho strolling player who repaired to the hall. But hero tho managor of that iustitutc threw himself dramatically in front of tho door, and in offoot told tho msospur and porformcrs that they would havo to walk ovor his dead body before their show was presented, if thoy did not pay for tho hall in advance. Tho manager promised payment . nt tho iutorval. Tho haUkeenor oonsoulcd, as did tho othor parties, save a large number who disapproved of such conduct as " promising" payment to a bill- sticker. Thoso remained outside, Tho orchestra— a piano, fiddle and concsrtiua— sofcschod out a fow birs, ami tho .curtain was rtiog up. Tho audience beheld ono syo of tho managor uorvouely squinting through the pcepbolo on tho sutco. IIo was counting heads. Tho orchestra struggled mi, uuc very tew spectators ap pcared. Tha manager announced that tho un- pataUolcd performance would begin in half an hour's time. Do then retired by a book dour. A pmall boy rousod tho neighbor hood by thu cry of "a ahoit.'' Out dashod tha audienco, and llko lightning tha displeaaad ones outride scrambled around tho corner to behold tho spook. All thoy oontd descry in Iho dim moonlight was an ovcrooatod, furry-tiaekod bring, flying liko mad for tho railway station. A general ory was sent up, and off darted (ho paok in pur suit. Tally ho 1 Tnoy cleared n fence, aud arrived at tho station just in timu to sco tho ugeut waring a ta-ta to tham. Tho "sotors" wero stranded, and explained to tho audienco that thoy know nothiug of tho "agent" bsysnd tbo fact that thoy had been engaged and had not boon paid, Tho : tradespeople and bill-posting artist have determined in future to domaud payment iu advanco. Tho hall-kcopor has hung out a plno&rd; stating that t|io totms for ths- hiriug of tho hall are so much, and " strictly cash." 