TVB.T FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. HY " Nunouau DOUMIO." THE action of the Licensing Committee of the Victoria Racing Club in refusing to grant licences to George h'obsoii, Junius Hayes and Joseph i 'uiininghaui 1o pursuit their vocation on regist1're! courses is one likely t.r. be fraught, with such amvi 1 <-.ni^fijuenees to tin? lads concerned that I consider it bi'lmvn.-i every 'J'uif writer in the ,:'iiuiii( j .s wlio iaucii'ri he c.in throw any light on the subject to try and do so. No doubt the V.KC. i-n-jimitlee had sfond and suftioient reason for jmnUhitig the jockeys named, and Turfmen in general are in accord that something drastic should lie done ill order to prevent even a semblance, of the " Jockey llin^'" phase existing in Victoria, lint unfortunately when action is taken in such matters such action generally resolves ititclf into a punishment of the mere hireling, whilst the master minds who concoct and plan the villainy escape scatheless. Under any circumstances the singling out of the three youths named appears to me to he rather an arbitrary proceeding. I am perfectly well aware that the Knglish Jockey Club were the first to muic in this matter hy refusing the licences of certain prominent Kn'jiish horsemen; but I venture to suggest that the cases are not altogether analogous. The jockeys who were so punished in England were Grown-up Men—not iie-re Youths. The English jockey lias not the same temptations placed in his way to turn a h':igue tint the stable boy in Victoria haB from the first moment lie enters the vast majority nt racing stables. The jockey who develops into a llogue in England in ninety-nine cases out o" a hundred does so nt his own free will; here in Victoria he. is either forced into becoming one or practically damned from ever achieving greatness in the saddle " If 1 won't ride a stiff "un for them, somebody else will, and X shall he out of a billet." There you bare the truesecretof tbreefourths of the iniquity that is perpetrated on the Turf in the " Sunny South." CAST your memory back to the instances you can remember of iirst-class horsemen being declared " tabu" for life simply because they persisted in allowing their mounts to win when the parties behind the geegees wanted them to lose. Oi>, dear, no! There's no necessity to go out of the Colony to cite instances without referring to t!.e Adelaide incident at all; for in so far as the last- named i6 concerned J have it on the best of authority that there was a good deal to be said el both sides. But here lies the case: After allowing hoys to be brought up for some years in hotbeds of chicanery and fraud, we all at once wax virtuous and punish them for a thing over which they bad virtually no control. We have wiirully shut our eves while racing criminals have been mtmufacturod, and now all of a sudden a very virtuous fit seizes us. and we ostrncise — not the hands that moulded the evil - doers, but the unfortunate tools (liemselve^. It's Not Kight, my masters: ami :iltliou<„'b 1 should be'no advocate for lestoriug the three lads at present nilder the ban of disqualification to the rights and privileges of a registered jockey until time enough had elapsed to convince them that the velvet Fc.tbbard holds a sword of steel, under all the circumstances of the case I would urge that (as in the case of all first offenders) J nst'ice should be tempered with Mercy. When 1 noticed a ciniinunication in the A nsf raUisiiiii of S iturdav, litli September, over Mr. F. F. Dakin's signature to the effect that "Of anything he (Mr. S. G. Oook) may write iu future to the press I shall take no notice,'' 1 fully made up my mind that a nice little Newspaper Warfare (which promised to provide food for thought these dull timeE) was to be brought to a summary conclusion. I was agreeably disappointed 11st Saturday, however, when I discovered that the V.H.C. Handicapper was determined to have a Parting Shot (albeit surreptitiously) at his antagonist, even although it assumed the aspect of a kind of If-yoU-doil't-like-it-iou-can-do-theother-tliing " (as you can't possibly better it) sort of a shot. And why I was Agreeably Surprised thereat was because in his over-anxiety to snub bis antagonist,the Y'.K.C. Handicapper has opened-up new ground over which, I take it, it is Kair Game for a writer on sport to take him to task. Ju the first place, touching a gentleman whose name, Mr. Dakin has deemed fit to drag into the controversy without rhyme or reason, as the saying goes. I allude to the V.A.T.C. Handicapper, Mr. E. T. Barnard. When Mr. Cook cited the cases of the lveuiarkable Handicapping of G.iillardia and fjitigant at the last Melbourne Oup Meeting, lie emphatically stated that he did so simply to sliow how different was the " favoured treatment" afforded to those two animals to whatever had been accorded his under similar circumstances. And because he happened to mention their names, Mr. Dakin made reply— "Ue now shows that he cannot even Mind His Own Business, for G.iillardia and Litigant never belonged to him." Which latter clause Mr. Cook would no doubt acceatuate as a Self-Evident Fact. A MTTLF. farther down the columu, after the miuding-his-own-business racket,Mr, Dakin directs public attention to the fact, that Mr. Harnard had handicapped Mr. Cook's horses at Caullield no less than One Hundred and Six Times for Only One Win ; and therefore, he argues in his own words, "Mr. Cook's average is worse under Mr. Jlarnard than under me," To arrive at soing.^ average of Mr. Cook's winnings under his handicapping Mr. Dakin endeavours to drag in a couple of wins achieved by Mr. H. M. Turner's mate Insomnia, who was located iu Mr. Cook's stables whilst on a visit to Victoria. Where Insomnia comes in—iu Mr. Cook's original indict, meat—passes my understanding. The original contention of that- gentleman was, if I recollect aright, that on One Hundred and Seventy Occasions his (not Mr, R. M. Turner's) horses had been " Mercilessly" Handicapped. The word was not "Unfairly," Mr. EJitor of the Aus'raiasi i'ii ; it was Mercilessly. IjEavjko that altogether on one side, it certainly appears to me to come with a Very Had Grace from a Comparatively Young Handicappor (especially one who is so prone to call upo:i people to mind t.lioir own business) to attempt to Cast Reflections on the Handiwork of a Veteran whose way of life is beginning to full into the sere, the yellow leaf. It is to be hoped not only that the slip was accidental, but also that Mr. E. T. Harnard will bo convinced that it- was so; lest he may look upon it in the same light Henry the Fourth did a certain action of his son's when he addressed him thus— " 1 stay Too I/ong for thee. I Weary thee. Dost thou So liunget'for mine Empty Chair That thou wilt needs invest thee with Mine Honours Uefore thv hour be ripe ?"' Now, with regard to the Handicapping of Gaillardia, Rightly or Wrongly, Statiiesquoly or Grotesquely, I, "Nunquam Dorinio," don't give a " Continental" for any handicapper, simply because I know that I am competent to judge his apportionments, however good he may he. My training for close on Thirty Years with the late Mr. E. S. Chapman gives me that .confidence. Well, last .Spring the three-year-old filly Gaillardia (by Trenton from Paresseuse, by Yattendon from First Lady, hy St. Albans from Lady Patroness, by Orlando; no stouter pedigree iu the land, mark you!) after running Fecond to Facta in the First Two-Year-Old Stakes at Gee.long, first iu the Sapling Stakes at Caulfield (Facta second and A7.ini third), and unplaced iu the Maribyrnejig Plate, came out in the Railway Handicap, of six furlongs, and although the going wus so heav Mr. 7)j/;i« acknowledges a number of hors to conies! the event, she romped home in front of Linburn (8,7), Ascot Vale (K.4-) and seventeen others in the really excellent time of lmiu. ltjjsec Mark you! In that event she was meeting Ascot Vale on exactly level terms. He was carrying 101b. under weight forage; so was G.iillardia ; Linburn giving them both 211). w.f.a. Mr. Dakin says he thought Gaillardia's win was a Fluke, and on those grounds considered he was perfectly justified in penalising her Only One Pound for her Win when she started again at the same meeting —in the Free Handicap, of a mile and a-quarter; her handicap weight being (i^t. 121b., whereas her weight-for-age would have been 7st. 71b.—or Will, more. And Again Gaillardia Fluked, beatin" Kookaburra (ti.)2), Bendigo (?.«), atul 14 others', the going again being terribly heavy. Since that time Gaillardia Has Never Fluked, whilst Ascot Valehaswon One Race—the Standish Handicap,of three-quarters of a unle. Gau.i.AHUIA and Ascot Vale Have Never Met since she beat him in the Tree Handicap, and she beat him then at a difference of One Pound only. Ascot Vale has never displayed any capacity to win a race of further than a mile, whilst Gailliirdia. has proved to demonstration that with more weight up than when he ran third to her (that's more weight under W.F.A. conditions) she could spread-ea^le a field in heavy going over a mile and a quarter'. And yet iu the forthcoming Melbourne Cup— a race where nought but a Pronounced Stayer has got a ghost of a chance—Gaillardia is handicapped at 7st. :ilb., or Twenty Pounds under Weight-for-age, w hilst Ascot Vale is imposled at f>st. 121b., only Seven pounds under! She Keats him at Level Weights 1 She Proves that she is a Thorough Stayer over a Distance, whilst He Shuts up like a Jack-knife in the Same Event, 1 . And yet he is called upon to Give Her Thirteen founds in a Two-mile Pace! You talk about Grotesque Handicapping! No! It's worse than Grotesque! It's Hurlesque! Deau! Dear! What a lot of Cant and Hypocrisy there is in this world, to be sure,! And in High Places, too! " I have not the slightest desiie," says " Asmodeus" in la-:t week's Lender, "to join the Oook- cinn-Dakin controversy ; " and yet straight way he dashes in a Half Column Article in defence of his fellowem/iloyr o° tin; V.BC. O,' course there ne'd be little cause for wonderment at, the V.J{ C. Judge wishing to break a lanco on behalf of the V.U.C. Handicapper; but still it ii paeeing strange that he, too, should have to fall hack on the thrca.lbare argum?nt that because Mr. R. M. Turner's iiily Insomnia won a couple of minor handicaps whilst located at Mr. Cook's racing establishment, therefore these wins should be included amongst Mr. Cook's Own Horses. And again it is still stranger that a Pressman like " Asmodeus" should so far forgot the exact wording of Mr. Cook's first letter to the Bportsn\un as to also persist in twisting the wor " Mercilessly" into Unfairly. Hot there! After you have read the V.ll.C. Handie,ipper's remarks on "The Handicapping Question" in the Ausiralnsian and the V.R.C. Judge's half-column effusion in the Leader you are bound (o come to a similar conclusion thereanent to what the darkey did with reference to his two pups—namely. That Ciesar and Pomp.'y are berry much alike—'xpcei.iUy Pompey." I don't deny the fact (011 tin contrary, am rather proud to be able to own up to it) that I am a personal friend ol' Mr. S. G. Cook's. Moreover I don't wish to pose as being any more moral than !l!tt) out of every average thousand in the community. Hut ail the same lor tint-, whether Friend or Foe, I would ecoru to butter a uiaji up hy describing him as the "Genial Mnslor of Pytchley Lodne" in one sentence whilst (Strtiea'vouriug to distort facts with the object of holfling hint up before the public as a "•Ha»e Perverie'r of the Truth " in another. Jee-lioshaphaf! .Or rather, G<c-gee-Jihoshaphat! How'did the Pensive Punters fall-in over the "Syndicate" Horses at Rand wick on Saturday! WelVierje them right! They will persist in making certain horses first favourites without rhyme or reason, and, naturally enough, they have burned their fingers for once. Pulvil—Projectile —Cainoola! Yes, a nice little trio to go down an in succession; the first at Even Money, and the other two at Six to Four each ! And not one of them to get within " coo-ee " even of a place! How the bookies must have smiled! Mind you! 1 don't for a single instant believe that the three, animals named displayed their true form; the information from Ruudwick training track iu Saturday's Austm/nsw11 placed that, beyoad a shadow of a doubt. We have had Ocular Demonstration for it til it Proj.'utile is a fairly good colt, whilst Pulvil is an unknown quantity but with excellent private credentials; and here is what " Terlinga " wrote about the pair after viewing them ai. Rui.iwick last Thursday morning:— " Here I may remark that should the stable (Tom Payten's) fail to win the A. J. 0. Derby the Randwick school (of touts and trainers) will not be much upset. They have never seeu either Projectile or Pulvil do anything out of the common, and as one of the fraternity remarked— 1 It is a wonder, if they are really so good, that. Pay ten does not show u-i at least one good gallop.' " Well, Saturday's ruining tends to prove that they were no good — at thai particular lime. Hut- then the " jNousey" Tom is uotonly 1 'ayten by name but Paytient hy nature; and as he evidently ha.dn'1 them quite wound-up for the opening day at Randwiok perhaps ho mny be able to Fluke them (or la Gailla.dia!) lit and well in time for the good things at Caulfield and Flemington. Projectile's finishing fifth iu afield of five for the Derby (l'haramoud was fourth) is certainly what roity-torty Dick Swiveller would designate as a "' staggerer." THE result of the Sydney Derby proves that Trenton is the coming sire, both Trenchant (the winner) y that and Delaware (who ran third) beiug by es the derlint sou of d Musket and Frailty. Trenchant is from Bridesmaid, a daughter ot Yattendon and Esperauce (by Glaucus, an Arab). It certainly took him 2min. Tjisec. to cover the mile and a-half, although the going must have been phenomenally fast; bm then the accounts of the race assure us that the pice was only a handcenter for seven furlongs, and that it. is more than probable Trenchant would have been better served by a true-run race. Soi.anum, who rim Trenchant to a head, is by Souinus from Hlue and White, and is the property of the well-known (though not better than favourably) bookmaker, Humphrey Oxenhaui. Perchance he also would have been more at home had not a waiting race been made of it; and at least he has got one advantage in his favour over his erstwhile conquerer, in that whereas Trenchant rises through his victory from Ost. 101b. to 7st. (lib. in the Melbourne Cup, Mr. Oxen In .-h'- colt remains at Ins original handicap wvi<, list. V.ilb. Dklaivakk N hy Trenton from Gcuesta a ,„,, on whose pe • ;ree the " Stud Book " thr-ju • „ light. He seeuiod to couie a wee hit la.te witi. run, but finished within half-a-length of Solaim so that his parrormaneo wasn't half a bad 'm, Delaware has 7st, 21b. in the Caulfield Cup, the same apportionment, in the Melbourne Cm; Thencj.ant's time—2 5!—for the A.J.C. lic.ii is the slowest but one (His Lordship's ,)> 1878) during the 29 contests that, have f,i!.-,.„ place for the Hlue Riband of the New S-miJ- Wales Turf. The fastest was Trident's 2 .. ltWti. And, by-the- way, 2.38 B-as the gait at wl.e ' Dan O'Brien's colt Loyalty cut out the Si !,',. Stakes, of a mile and a-half, in which—starting:, 12 to 1—he put down Stepnialc by a length, a ii- I behind whom finished the game little Oxide, t! ,.„ following in order Crcmorne, Cainoola. Pipwn. Bungebah, Donation and Salutation-, thulvf.inat the start being Gto4 Camoola, 2 to 1 Cremen,.- Some weeks ago in these columns I dilated on ;i„: super-excellence of Dan O'lJrien's colt, wlm-i directing attention to the stoutuess of his hn,..!. iug. seeing 'hat he is by St.. George (afull bro-.i; ., to Chester) from Fair Nell (who was by Apreni, n(. a sou of Mortenier, from Idalin,dam ot Sir Mo h .1 sni a daughter of Cauibuscan and Dulcihella.;in latter being by Voltigeiir). Liyalty's time for th< Spring Stakes was undoubtedly " clinkin».' but then there were some extraordinarily m. „ " registers " at Randwiek on Saturday; inasuim-li as we aro informed that Hrockleigh (who won tin Epsom Hnurtieap. of one mile, iu lniin. -l-0,-c,:.j could easily have, broken thecolopial record (I io had lis been asked to race during the last in, furlongs. Natheless, "our Dan" 1ms again .lisplayed his astuteness as a buyer, aud, moreover. I am pleased to think I directed attention 1,, Loyalty long before he left his island home |„r Australia. And of course the victory of Hrockleigh in im Epsom Handicap is another grain of comfort in these days of depression, although I never g-ivr the massive son of Goldshrongh and Ethel i-n-ili; for beiDg such an out-aiid-outer as be provnl himself to be over eight furlongs of ground, lbs sire, Goldshiougli, was a l)it of a Stayer, as as a Weight-Carrier in his day. seeing that. ;<•• ,1 five-year-old in 1S75. iie carried Ost. 21b. to vii-i,,nin the Metropolitan Stakes, defeating Jviiiu'sborough and Kingfisher, and covering the . miles iu 3uiin. 32,|se.c. Urockleigh's d:im. unfortunately, has Very Little Breeding 111 11. r. being hy Yattendon from Lady llootoii. wim was only by Stock-well from Touch-and-Go i!,v Touchstonu)—that's all! How would L. L. Snniii —that great advocate of the viituu 111 a dash r.f the good old Touchstone lj'-ood!—have gloijni over the performance of Brockleigh had he h.. 11: there to witness it! Spare my days! ] t- w. >u'..i have been almost an incentive for tao. old " liny" to go in for breeding aud racing a.-_'ai 11, with the idea of giving the "best of 'em" niaciirr Lancashire Witch, L. L. and Lady Slama-i* Sutton touch, as he did the Fishers in il:iv< 1.1 yore, when the despiiring cry of the punter- on handicaps was "Glen Yuille to the rescue'.'' Buockleidh has incurred a Mlb. penally in the Caulfield Cup, for which his weight will be !lst. sill. Despite this fact he was supperk"] to win some A'oClOO over that event in Sydney «n Saturday night at Kill to o; Jeweller being :e.':iin "jewelled" in a number of holes at the sain.' price, notwithstanding the disclaimer 0! instable connections as to his uusatisf.u-t..ry form. Unsitisf.ictory or not, the. four-*,,11 old sou of Splendour and Souvenir wa- ir, sufficient "nick" to wiu the Trial Stakes. „l ,1 mile and a-quarter, on Saturday, with consummat, ease from Ich Dieu, Dickens and seven other*, in 2min. Uisec. THOUGH,as I said before, time needn't he mini reckoned on as the Randwiek turf must I.:IK been ou Saturday ; for did uot Amicus earn '.'<! 101b. in the concluding event, the Konsin^t..n Handicap, of one mile, and win easily by !«•. lengths from Merry liello (7.2), Anrelius .sr. aud 21 others in lmiu. 4:is«c.? And please 1<• remember that the - miiiiuiuui weight in Hi. 1 handicap was fixed at 7st. Little Bkrniis must be. coming back to fnra again, as lie finished second to (although tlitf lengths off) Hrockleigh, aud in advance others. Cortaiuly ho didn't "hype" Lullaby l.r much 'only a n ck), and I notice that buif Trenton was fourth, a neck behind Lullaby, win, 7st. -lib. up. Now the progeny of Trenton and Black Swan has only lib. more tliau that in tl«' Caulfield Cup. T11 bur appears to be something K i.ii.-:il!v Wrong Somewhere with the majo.ity .1 it Williamstown Racing Club meeting--. Time that these re-unions were amongst the plea-:.nl'- ; of the, pleasant; but of late years the glory *wm to bavo departed altogether. The club get pi-i'tlj fair entries, but the fields that come to tie- ]>" : ' are miserably poor for such a racing corpo atiM as that of Wiliiauistowu. In one event <•« Saturday certainly five out of the six- haiidi. :j>j»-J therefor started; but it was evident they i-iil; did so to constitute some sort of a field, . them being such a pronounced favourite as as ever the weights appeared that he stiu ie.l aj 5 to 2 on, "and ivon as lie liked by a coupl' 1 »• lengths." In another handicap event 7 to •! ' accepted in a field of niue, and none of tltf others had a million to one chance against tk* favourite, " who won very easily by two lenu'tl"" These facts speak trumpet-tongued in fav'iir my opening remark that there's Soui'lhini Ridically Wrong Somewhere, and until the tnittee of the Williamsto.vn Racing Cluh ail around and endeavour to place matters more 1 ••!, ..quality it is tile greatest certainty in the ... ".rid that,"tliey will go from bad to worse in tlie , .i t,T nf attendances. Ci.i.MiN'UTON-ttaiued horses were very lunch in .•i,ienee at Williamstown on Saturday—acircum- :;,i],ti> which redounds much credit (indirectly) on \' r K. Smith, the V.R.C. Ranger, and his lienclii ii, Sim Foster. Joe Cripps snavelled a couple , .vents with Eclipse and Carbonate, Ted Power home with Diogenes, Dick All There with , fiord O l>eg pardon, I meant to say Dick , i,:i,int with AH There), and Walter Hickeni.iiiatu with a prey two-year-old colt named Ivi' Moide. The latter is by ISiridspord froin 1i miingdale (one of the scions of t.h« rood old V rihyrnongand Sappho cross), and'albeit he only riiv'l 7st. 71b. to Enna's flit., tho victory may V,.. harbinger of better things in store for his t-. rtsinanlike owner, Mr. J. Turnbull, as well !,n his trainer, "Honest Walter." So mote it Eiridsfordo is engaged in the Maribyrnong. I'.cocklisioh and Paris! Oh, the poor B. P.! |:,;t what price Allsop ? Great Cujsar's ghost! ]• All Sop without a doubt. And the most v,ii iii i.ms of Sop, too, at that, j i:.>m Secretary Harrie Smith, of the V.A.T.C.. i i-.ave received the statement jbf receipts and . . nditure of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club f 1 s t Sept., 1892, to 31st August, 1K93, which .1,ii be presented at the annual meeting of ii • mburs to be held on Monday next (25th S ],Ti'inber), at 3 o'clock, at Mensties' Hotel. This -i ...3 the club to be in a most satisfactory Ii,. ition, the profits on each race meeting of ten ,'.nt of the twelve held during the year averaging ill in June to JglOOKin October; whilst the niilv two disastrous meetings (in February and Ajiril) were overcome at a total cost of .£213, albeit .£3(1113 was expended over them. With respect to the V.A.T.C. Meeting next Mm.lay, members can pay their subscriptions mi limit voting, but they can't vote without piling their subscriptions. So says Rule 7 of the V A .'P.O. Constitution, and of course Rule 7 is " the main " rule. TnneuiN'Q the election of four meuiliers of f .iiniiittee, the following retire, but are eligible i',,r reflection:—Messrs. Arthur Anderson and Herbert Power. Five gentlemen offer themselves candidates for election, these being—Messrs. John Arthur, George Davis, W. A. Menzies, C. D. 11 llalloran and Richard G. liow; and although 1 li.nc not the slightest degree of feeling against any of the others (in fact, I would hav& tlieui all there if it were possible) "I would like to =,..• Mr. JouN" Akthuk returned as one of tho . led. Not that T have the pleasure of knowing tin- gentleman (except by repute), but simply " r.ini Information Received." And real good information, too—you bet! Thkiik lias been some allusion of late in Vi. (..nan and New South Wales sporting papers a- l.i the Woman Ueltor on racecourses—women in-hiiig about, sometimes with children at their lie.'ls, trying to get the straight tip ; and accordiii/ to the Ihiily Avicrira the nuisance, is ou the increase in Uncle Sam's country. The journal 1 li .vc quoted remarks :—'• You can't make people mural by Act of Parliament, but before the ii.iiiennium gets hero there will be a Society for tii. Prevention of Racing Women, and the otlicers ..! that society will have their bauds full." "Hi da loo," the chatty American writer, is nev. r done sounding praises as to the g.'od the imputation of Sir Modred and Darebin has effected in the racing stock of the United States, ami now we hear of n Sir Modred mare named Hl'.aiuing, who has astride of 2(ift. She is stated I,, have legs and feet of iron, and the harder the tra, I; the better she likes it, as she can make full use i.f her stride, the soil not giving beneath her. Am. whilst mentioning legs and feet of iron, ii-ie is an admirable, little thing I dropped a re < in a recent issue of that excellent sportin,' [taper The Horseman:—Tim Creator has taken the greatest care to make the whole hoof as ligut as possible. " Happy thought," says man ; "l-t m hang ft poun-1 or si o.i each hoof, and nnl.e i lie horse waste his strength in lifting it." lie iias made the wall exceedingly strong. "Happy tli,.light! Let us weaken it by cutting it away." Me lias made the wall uearly as hard as iron. " ii .ppy thought! Let us solten it by 'stuffing.'" He has furnished the hoof with au elastic pad i.ille l the "frog,"so as to prevent any jar when tin- imrse steps. "Happy thought! Let us cut aw»y the pad and make the horse's weight, come up,.], ;i ring of iron." Again, the sole of the hoof Inn i formed archwise of successive layers of i s. e. ,|ingly hard born. It bids defiance to hard and si,aip-edged objects. So the sole inspires us u itli another happy thought: " Let us pare it so liiin : iiat it not only cannot resist the pressure ot tin- lee r's weight upon n stone, buttdiatil yields to lii,- pressure of the human thumb.'" Tile en.,ii• ii v ring, from which the fibres of the wall are r-i-.Teted, is guarded by a pent-house of hair, »lii, i: ,-auses wet to shoot off as it does from the i - ,1 a house. " Happy thought! Let us snip ay :iie hair and let the water make its way • I the coronary ring." So after working his n will upou the hoof man wonders at its atii '-s and lays down the stupid axiom that 'lie iiorso can wear out four sets of legs," «lii':li is equivalent to saying that the Creator j did n,,: know how to make a horEC. Hh.viive to the stamina of horses, it is not | often that a horse starts in a Hurdle Race at ten | minute.- past three in the afternoon, gets beaten by lalnsi'l, and then comes out again at a quarter past I four :in-.! wins a Steeplechase over three miles and I n-lia.1 f. Yet this is what Horizon (a four-year-old) jdi'lj itly at Sandown Park, England. 