THE LATE BISHOP PARRY. COMMEMORATIVE SERVICES. Yesterday special services of a funeral character were held in St. George's Cathedral, morning and evening, in connection with the death of the late Bishop of Perth. Appropriate hymns were song, with specially appointed lessons and psalms and at both services the organist played the familiar Dead March from Handel's Saul. Ia most of the other churches of Perth also references of the most feeling description were made to the sad occurrence, and deep sympathy expressed for those the Bishop has left behind. Below we give the allusions made to Dr. Parry from the respective pulpits : ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL. The Ven. Archdeacon Watkins preached in the morning at the Cathedral. The Archdeacon took as his text 1 Cor. xv, 58, There fore my beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord." After dwelling on the practical argument derived from the text in connection with the doctrine of the Resurrection, the preacher proceeded : Less than four days ago, on the 25th anniversary of his consecration as a Bishop of the Church of God, there passed a spirit out of seen into unseen regions, whose earthly coarse, I venture to think, the text accurately describes : " Always abounding in the work of the Lord." " Faith and Duty " were ever the enimatingprinoiplesof our Bishop's life. What was his ever cheerful hopefulness when surrounded by difficulties, and weighted with the " care of all the churches," what was it but faith ; while his devotion to duty was altogether out of proportion to the strength with which he was endowed. And when we think of his unaffected simplicity of life and main r, his single-minded uprightness of purpose; his never-failing gentleness and courtesy ; his consideration for others ; his forgetfulness of self; his habit of always thinking and speaking the best he could of those with whom he came into contact, area of the readiness with which he would exert himself to do an act of kindness. We m» < repeat to ourselves as surely true of him is a large degree-''Behold,a« Israelite indeed, in whom was no gwLle." I have referred briefly to some features 1b oar Bishop's character. I forbear to speak of that deep humility, that consciousness of sin, that lowly seeking after his Saviour, whom some of us have been privileged to recognise as underlying his whole life. His piety was met formal and official, but genuine and personal verily believe " he was a good man, fall of the Holy Ghost and of faith;" and that his whole life, in health as truly as in sickness, was ere long and consistent preparation for the great hereafter. Hence it mattered little for himself whether his final illness were long or short ; whether during his last hours he were conscious or not. The preparation had a, ready been made. The semi wasalreadybraeed, the loins were already garded, the feet were already shod for the great jersey the passing over from this troublesome world to the Paradise of God. Christian men and women at we are, we mourn not for him for are we not assured " Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth : yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours, and their works do follow them." We mourn not for him who has reached the quiet shore and is safe from the waves which still beat upon us : but we do mourn for those who have been so sorely and suddenly bereaved-for the wife and the children who have lost that which can never be replaced. Brethren, our Bishop set us all a good example. May our present! sorrow turn to contrite prayer that grace may kindle in all our hearts a holy emulation. Let us beware lest we fail to read aright the " living Epistle " of his daily life amongst us. We cannot but grieve. Yeb, oh thought of joy I he is at rest. He is with the blessed ones beyond the veil in a a state of joy and felicity, awaiting that hour when all the saints of God shall have their perfect con- summation and bliss in His eternal and everlasting glory. Therefore, my beloved brethren, bearing in mind the bright example of good living set you by your Bishop, " be ye also steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord." The Dean, who preached in the evening, took as his text Isaiah xxx., 15 : " In quiet now and confidence shall be year strength," and, after dwelling on his text, spoke as follows We stand to-day within the shadow of a dark sorrow. It has within the past week seemed good to God to take unto Himself the soul of our dear, good Bishop. He who three weeks ago stood on yonder altar step to bless us at the close of our evening service, has been lying this weak in the chancel the band that was raised to bless us, powerless ; the eyes that gazed with a father's love, closed ; the tongue of benediction silent, in death. And we know when next we see that form, so familiar and he loved, it will be when we all stand to hear the sentence of God on our lives. I will venture to say all who knew him. deeply lament his loss to us, and that they who knew him best loved him best;. I think at such times God calls us to contemplate the lives and characters of His holy ones, that we may be stimulated by their example, and learn the source of their strength. I am sure these words of Isaiah were absolutely true of him whom we are now mourning. In quietness and confidence were his strength, as man, Christian and Bishop. Never have I known one so gentle, so kindly, seven suspicious, so forgiving. I have known him nearly six years in close intimacy ; some of you have known him longer. I do not believe that one of us has ever heard fall from those lips a single word that was not inspired by the love he drew from close communion with Him who is Inoarnate Love. This quiet gentleness, always unobtrusive, was yet always to be seen; it was uncon- strained, yet the fruit of self-discipline, enduring, though often provoked. Moreover, it was genuine and as!, the true expression of a heart in which malice and unkindness were absolute strangers. " Blessed are the meek." " Quietness and confidence." Though all have with one voice confessed this conspicuous gentleness in our Bishop, yet the picture of his life would be mutilated indeed, the estimate of his character most inadequate, if we stopped there. I believe his '. confidence " was every bit as great an element in that saintly character as his " quietness." Confidence, for faith walks ever hand in hand with love and he always realised that the wisdom of God rules and over-rules all. I have known him undertake works apparently almost hopeless, and in the face of opposition, in spite of indifference, nothwithstanding, perhaps, that he stood alone even amongst his own counsellors, he has persevered, and stood firm wherever principle was involved. Look at these walls within which we are gathered to-night. If you seek for his monu- ment gaze around yea. They stand to-day to tell of his bravery, patience and faith. I suppose it would be hard to find circumstance if greater difficulty and discourage- ment, than those in which he and his fellow workers reared this stately house of God. And when he carried his plan through was it vehemence, or strong words, or stern drama as upon that enabled him to succeed ? Nay ; it was that unconquerable gentleness, that of unfailing quietness " which knew not when it was beaten, and persevered through all I have (as I said never known a gentler man. I have scarcely known one so tenacious of purpose where he felt that his purpose was one of high principle, and involved God's glory. There is one more characteristic of the Bishop which cannot be left s out of sight his entire unselfishness. He was ever ready to communicate all that he had-I mean all in the largest and widest sense. We denounce and justly so, the amazing selfishness of some rich men, their stupid selfishness, which (though they may have great wealth boarded- destined, perhaps, after their death to be wasted by spendthrifts well-nigh strangers to them) blinds them to the great power of that instrument which God has placed in their hands, and which remains idle there. But there is a wealth greater than gold which we all have in our measure, the wealth of which no vicissitudes can deprive us, the wealth which (he has been said is in the strictest sense our personalty, for it has become part of ourselves, and we carry it about, with us. This is our intellectual acquisitions, ear social experiences, and above all the moral and spiritual lessons which we have accumulated. These, as well as his substance, the Bishop was always prompt to impart to others. His time, his service, himself, were devoted to God, and in God to all who needed them. In every relation- ship of life were these noble qualities shewn. In his own home we know they share-out how brightly, how fully, home our say save those who called him husband and father. As a friend, I suppose, we cannot number those who have received from his kindly band and gentle voice the tokens of sympathy, un- selfishness, pardon, generosity. As a citizen though always unobtrusive and lowly-jet he shrank not from the brave expression of his sentiments and principles, when morality, education or true religion were involved. As a Bishop, he ever showed himself to be a true father in God's real shepherd of souls. To his clergy he was ever con- siderate and thoughtful, at the same time ready in all gentleness and earnestness te rebuke, when rebuke was needed. As has been said when men (whoever they might be stirred up strife, or kindled the spirit of partisanship, he always acted as the Bishop, not of this party or of that, but of the whole church. He realised (God grant we may always do so) the comprehensiveness of the Anglican Communion, and he would be the last to drive from her sold any who clung to the fundamentals of the Christian faith. In this sense he was liberal. God give us all grace to be liberal, as he was, consistently with, principle. May his successor have but some measure of his '* quietness and confi- dence," his unselfishness and devotion. And so we are sad to-day, as we know that on earth we shall be cheered, consoled, strengthened by him no more. There could not but be sorrow, though we laid him to rest in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal life through our Lord Jesus Christ, who shall change both his and our bodies, that they may be like unto His glorious body according to the mighty working whereby He is able to subdue all things to Himself." He has passed away, yet he hath an immortality even on earth, as the recollection of his holy influence and example still stirs us in the moment of passion and strife, of doubt and despair. We realise indeed that though dead he still speaketh, and that voice, those living tones hath in the past taught us the truth of God, and called us to live the life of Christ, still, in other fashion, summons us to give ourselves to God and our brethren as he did. Oh cherish his example, and let the sweet water from that living source gently flow through the channel of every life amongst us and soften and fertilize the whole broad lift of our community. And in the coming weeks as you try to live his life, do not forget day by day to pray that God will send as his successor as faithful and devout S Bishop, as holy and self-sacrificing a Christian, as gentle and high- principled a man to carry on the work of God here, and steer the bark of our Church, safely through all the perils and trials that encompass her. The Dean concluded by quoting Keble'a verses relating to Nathaniel, the Israelite in whom there was was no guile. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH. At St. John's Church, in the Melbourne road, in his sermon yesterday morning, the Rev. J. Orchard made feeling allusion to the late Bishop Parry, and appropriate hymns were rendered by the stable ST. ANDREW'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. At St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, at the morning service, the minister, the Rev. David Ross, said Before beginning my sermon this morning I wish to say something about the event which has been much in people's thoughts these last days. The death of Bishop Parry under any circumstances would have deeply affected many, but dying as he did, so suddenly, away from home, in the midst of work, his death has touched more people, and touched them more deeply. A few hundred years ago one of the saintliness of Scottish bishops, Archbishop Leighton, used to say if he had his choice he would like to die in a public inn. It seemed to his fitting that a pilgrim should die so. And in a public inn he did die, after two days' ill asks. Almost so Bishop Parry died on short notice, away from home ; died as a pilgrim. dies who series the better home beyond. The chief minister of a communion so great as that ever which the Bishop presided, must be a prominent and influential man ; his work is so wide-spread, his influence so far-reaching. These who know his work tell us it was good and great and lasting bus we who do not belong to his branch of the Church think rather of his graces than of his gifts. He was one of those admirable men every church desires to rear kind and gracious and generous ; thinking of others rather than of himself, counting none outside the range of his love. Such kindness is better than great- ness ; it is a better heritage to leave, and live longer in people's hearts. I like to think that perhaps the Bishop's last public appearance amongst us was at a meeting where I myself, with other ministers, sat on the platform beside him. When about to leave this city for ever, that was how he appeared to us last. We hope the Bishop who comes after will be true to the traditions of him who is gone. If say God give us a large-hearted, liberal-minded, generous man, who will not only be a wise leader in his own church, but will be one whom all churches may work with and all Christians honour, as we honour to-day kim who has left us At the end of the service the Dead March in Saul was played by the organist, Miss Holman. WESLEY CHURCH. Wesley Church was draped in black, yesterday, in memory of the late Bishop Parry. The altar table, reading desk and pulpit were covered with black crape, relieved with white ribbands, and in front of the altar table was fastened a handsome floral cross with a wreath entwined. Before the reading of the lessons, the Rev. G. E. Rowe, the chairman of the district, referred to the death of the Bishop and paid : " As Christians, and as part of the Christian Church, we deeply sympathise with the bereaved in their loss, and we affectionately pray that God may strengthen them in their sorrow, that it may be for the good of the family which has lost its head, for the good of the Church deprived of its chief pastor, and for the good of the community deprived of one of its best men. For seventeen years this saintly man of God has laboured in the discharge of the duties of his high and s sacred office in this land. His work is well-known, his influence is widely felt, and his removal from us is deeply regretted. As repr seating the church and congregation, I desire to offer our tribute to his memory, and to place our wreath of affection on bin tomb. His character was guile- less, his spirit was gentle, his life was saintly, and for guilelessness, for gentleness, and for saintliness Christians of all creeds have the utmost respect and affection. And with this I am persuaded that the good Bishop will simply be remembered not alone for that noble monument of his labours in the Cathedral of this colony, but his memory will be inscribed in the hearts end in the affections of those whose privilege it was to know him- and to know him was to love him. We share in the loss, we join in sympathy for those who are bereaved, for we in this church know what it is to be deprived of the chief pastor. Therefore, we can sympathise with our friends, the clergy and members of the Anglican Church, in their great loss, and I will now ask you to express year by mum thy and respect by up- standing during the playing of the Dead Marohin'Saul."* The Dead March in "Saul' was then played by the organist (Mr. A. V. Taylor), the ministers, choir and congregation rising to their feet and remaining standing till it was concluded. The service was then proceeded with, and at its coaoIusioB, Beethoven's "Funeral March at the Death of a Hero " was played by the organist. TRINITY CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The pastor of Trinity Congregational Church referred to the loss sustained through the death of Bishop Parry at the service in abroad on Sunday morning. As a prelude to his sermon on I Cor., iii, 21, he said On Friday a long precession of mourners representing all classes and creeds followed all that was mortal of Bishop Parry to the place of the dead. In that procession Z joined, not only as your representative, not only out of respect for the office Dr. Parry hold, but also because I felt that his death was a loss to all sections of the Christian church. His blame- less character and unfailing courtesy had won the respect of the whole commun nity, white the non- episcopalians have a grateful memory of the catholicity he manifested in uniting-where union was possible-in social, moral, and religions work. My first intro- decison to the Bishop was at a meeting of the British and Foreign Bible Society ; my last opportunity of meeting him was at a temperance gathering can Tuned by the Women's Christian Temperance Union. These are to us pleasant memories memories that do much to soften the spirits of those of us who are naturally militant'. Believe me, nothing is ministers to real union as a manifestation of the spirit of the good Bishop whose loss we mourn. The beautiful service for the dead seemed doubly impressive on Friday, and when the Dean laid special emphasis upon the word "sure" in the sentence of hope, I felt that the emphasis was fully justified. He might well be laid to rest " in sure and certain hope of a joyful resurrection to eternal life." "He was a good man," and the good man is in the truest sense a great man. And now he knows, as we cannot know, the meaning of my text. He knows why death is included in the in- ventory of the Christian inheritance. To him death was a gain, for death was swallowed up in victory." The preacher then showed how that death could be robbed of its terrors It was a guarantee of immortality, and answered the instinctive yearning for a fuller life as yearning in which even savages shared, and which was lacking only in the civilised savagery of gross materialism. And reason verified the instinct, for as there is no waste in the realm of ma,, are, so there could be no waste in the realm of man. The broken pillar would find its completion. The crushed flower would find fuller development. Death was the standing prophesy of a diviner life. But above the voice of instinct and reason rose the voice of one who spoke as never man spoke, " I am the resurrection and the life. He that believeth in me, though he were dead yet shall he live." Death was a gain in that Christ had taken away its sting. A bed of down was hard if a guilty conscience pressed the sufferer down-a prison plank was as down if the guilt be removed. One died with the horror of the malefactor, the other with the glory of the martyr. The silkworm dying wrapped it self in a golden shroud, and Christ illumined as with the light of heaven the shroud of his saints. At the close of the sermon Mr. Dunstan read the following resolution, and the congregation expressed assent by silently standing : " The members and friends worshipping in Trinity Congregational Church desire to express their deep and heartfelt sympathy with Mrs. Parry and her family in the sad loss they have sustained. They gratefully remember the distinguished service which Dr. Parry rendered to the cause of Christ in the high position in which Providence placed him, and unite in earnest prayer that God will comfort and sustain those who mourn their loss." The well-known hymn " For ever with the Lord" concluded a solemn and impressive service. VOTE OF CONDOLENCE BY THE W.C.T.U. The Colonial Secretary of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Western Australia has forwarded a letter of condolence to Mrs. Parry, on behalf of the Union. One of the last meetings at which the late Bishop Parry presided was a public welcome meeting to Mrs. Nicholls, the Colonial President of the W.C.T.U. of South Australia, held in connection with the second annual convention less than a month ago, when his kindly expressions of sympathy with the work of the Union greatly encouraged its members. 