QUEENSLAND NEWS. [RY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] BRISBANE, June 5. A deputation consisting of several working men waited on the Mayor of Brisbane this morning. The men stated they were in a destitute condition, which was caused to some extent by thc floods. They asked the Mayor if ha would try to get distributed umong them thc surplus funds contributed towards thc Flood Belief Fund. They believed the bulk of the money had been sent through the Mayor, who would thus be able to afford some relief. The opinion was general that the banks which held thc money should be compelled to release it at once to bc dis- tributed to those who ueed it, and to bc put to the purpose for which it was subscribed. Thc Mayor, while sympathising with the deputation, expressed his inability to grant them any assistance so far as the Flood Relief Fund was concerned. Although a large amount of money had passed through his bauds, he immediately handed it over to the committee, and he had not the slightest idea what position the fund was in. He promised to represent the matter to Mr. J. A. Clarke and the Secretary of the Flood Fund, and to see what assistance they could render. He had no doubt that if thc matter were taken up they could get thc money released. There was some produce on the hands of the sommittee that might be dis- tributed to those who were in need of food. The decrease in thc deposits of thc Govern- ment deposits of the Government Savings Bank for thc month of May amounted to £39,989, and thc amount to thc credit of depositors at the end of May was £l,G93,9Sl!. Captain Byron ana fifty men of the Queens- land Permanent Artillery leave to- morrow to toke charge of the fortifications at Thursday Island. A large meeting af depositors in the Aus- tralian Joint Stock Bank, representing three fourths of all tho Queensland deposits, was held in thc Centennial Hall this afternoon, when thc following resolution was unanimously adopted :-" That the meeting having con- sidered thc extended scheme for a compromise und arrangement proposed by thc Australian Joint Stock Bank, with certain alterations or modifications thereof, do hereby approve and adopt thc modified scheme as submitted, and instruct tho directors of thc bank to take all necessary steps for obtaining the sanction of thc Supreme Court of Kew South Wales to thc modified scheme, and for carrying the same into effect." TOWKSVILLE, dunc 4. In thc Supremo Court on Saturday the adjourned application in connection with thc Hank of North Queensland for the nppoint. meut of a meeting of depositors and creditors in current account to consider tito proposed chemc of re-arrangement, was adjourned sin* alie. COOKTOWN, Jone 4. Mr. George Williams returned yesterday with the cutter Miralda from Bathurst Bay, ] but he found no trace of the Japanese who had charge of her. For some considerable time lt bas been known that some Chinese have been cet. ting gold in the conglomérate, and when two of the Messrs. Christie' Bros, were out prospecting, tiley came across a CMneso camp on the Pine Creek, a branch of Shepherd Creek, where they had found allu- vial gold. Messrs. Cm-h- tie then came in ano? sectxsi. five men's ground and returned yesterday, leaving by train for Laura with three »ld mates from the Annan tinfield, l'ine Creek is ghosted about sixteen miles from Laura, ¡e bi not advisuble1 for strangers to go there until further news ha» been received. THURSDAY ISLAND, Jane 3. Another diver, a native of Manilla, was reported last »vening to have been killed through working in deep water ott Darnley Island. He keibsged to Kelly's station. Several severe cases of paralysis Have- also occurred from this canse. 