TI1 JlueiB .olu e CHAPTIPER I. "Uertainly, my doer yung lady, eer. tainly. Of course I accept; whatovyr. apology you think necessary. but somu yoara ago-a good number now to be eure--I should have Blood for btif.a.das with a pretty girl perched on my favourite corn. Gout andt rhrnmatioa make a differOco that I hope you will never know front experinao but even now it is, not very hbrd t.toigive a soft tread on a oaptious t1o." I tad beoon really very lnoonsidetate, and oy moth' r would have toll -me, "unlady Ihke.' II ighomy mauannre never will have the ropoo '" which 6 amps the oaste of Vero do Vero.'" I doubt I shell he a hoydon, as mamma put it, until the nod of thlt chapter, and brother Will says he Dities the mtan that w II get nio-as if I should care for any moan for whole yearta and agcn yetl I like old men, I really do. They are mouch more kindly and gentle and eoonrtone than conceited donlikys like the moon Il I-I would fill up the whole line with the marie but it would hardly look nice-that Bil brungs homoe for tea from Ormond or Trinity OAlego.- Half lo the innocente should wear potticotse, or at least, take to blot maer.- Bt --I like old men, nt too old, but -Id enough to have got rid of conceit, They are very nice. In Victoria they have the look of having done sotrething, and of hdvlng' done it well. And they look too salt they could edo more yet, and do it wellt also, What a pity it it I can't express allI think in words. Itla really a groat shame for me to tell this true story, for. there-. even at the beginning--I have said stme thing I don't quite indereaoad mesolf, and how am I toeapoct-othera to understagd ? oit, as: I said before, I like Ice old men, gontlomen, of course I meat, and you can fenoy how disgusted I was when running up to the railway carrlage--firs. olas--at p- neor.etreeat, I rushed in over an old gerntluman'afeuot,tiud woqld havae antn to an ignorinlohos collipse on the floor If It h had not caeih' moe as I'wa` o0i the point of falling. That's always the, way with me. I never setom to hava time to, do anything right, and I am always in. a muddle trying to catch up with aomhe. thing ahead. When I geot over the rush I usually take things easy, and on this oocaion 1 quickly euab'aled, 'ter-prot?os apploglesi into a comfortable teat, and now.I have a oance of quietly letting you know "wio your hmable servant isand why on thls 2'rd day of Dacetmber I am a passenger in charge of-.thlt guard of the afternoon traiti- futtCMar borough, which leaves no. ex.aper?tingly lctuoalt, and - made 'mo make such a boydon.of m yself. .}-: Wall;, tio.jaiti-a.t that. delightful.a age wh'hlt poets long ago used to .rave about s-"sweet sixteen," anti- my name ,s Millie Walton. It is the fashion -now.s.daye to overlook young ladles eo.my age-that is when we allow ourselves to be overlooked, which, thank goodness, is -hot often the onsa-and we are duly put down-ase part ardfor wcd minxes, nogood but forgettIegR intotaud making trubkle. There isa agood deal of Ifluth in the indietment, I Confess,; .but not all the truth, Mr:OeCeor,in4d ilIwe" are meoreatoublesome to papas and maromtea and ster .older broth-era tlhan were oiur randdinotbere at the name tgo, the riaaion is not hard to find. Woe really know more. than they-dt, when they were Ia the teons or even In the twentiee, Our eoduocation is iig her,?nid weoanslight our. own bittoes with te bo3s In Lartira , 4 frovee-and Mathomatks, and thleo delightfully hodriid ohtetaletry and physiology and things ;.. fact?, w?. /ir da sidcl girls are an improve mint on. thi "aoot r;lteon' of the bt; ginn ng ,of the- century.,- "Pthips. weo know it too. I doubt I am tropblesoroe to .my ?sp?aj and nmatuin atid asitfor :ill; hoeya1s: atem tihe plQat i hltillife. But I know they. sJore .alit=f-jloat when-I :'dii -o wellI it the ilast ?. Atrio.: PIamsaM tioara , thid" atitully took hbPorp e ?'ra ]F eh It,.? i ?ht '~~ ~ ~~ Wit~lwij %9: the impudenoe.to say, and fancied m)yolf a ''grown-rr p," and at once lot" down my dress at leaet two inohoa as the outward and visible sign of growth and gravity. My. dear, dear iriend, .Jeooio Maltlanld, nakted. m' to spend Jhrietmas with her, and, If I was Froud before, I was actually "puffed up" when ppsa'f avo hlia convent to my: travelling all the way to Mary. borough by myself, and witha n co little puraeo well atoted with bright now roigne and crisp bank notea, elme of the latter, I an e srry to Fay, turned out to be of lhttlh ase, baooaoe the -ta6ty bank :oak thiat very time to fail, and I could- tot got ito notes ohanged foir a little whild oven at the moat polite grcoaor' its tih -whole country. I doubt odantome Peorambun t would not paua that sentence, but since .1 have a-grown ? P -I find far kitder critien of?-y Ifglieth thansthe was - Wall; : reoahed Spoacer-etrcot late o .oanl, and had just time to ashuao -ond. with B.ll and implore him to loos afiir my portmnnntoauo--theqr was a diuck of a -gown In it that camao right down to mu. toes-when the train wheatled, and I hald to run in the most undgiguifld manner into the first oarriage handy, and into the arms of the noi elderly gontloemn, whose reply, to tny apologieos have .aready writteon, 0, dear me, what metht.e have thought of The train trevelled alowlt at first, and I hadtime by thrueting my head out of tho window lo se. brother Bill waving hi~ handkerchief, anid -tolling me in violent pantomitio, Ihat the big portmeantsaq wan safo in the guard's van, What grye?.men can make of themaolves, to.be sure l bht than I ibink with all the worrying I give hinm, Bill ello agood otouk of love for his littleo.ister. I -notice quite a number of men are now.a.dayat devoted to their istater. Poor followsi Isupposo a wifoe i a luxury too big'for the dimonsions of their purse. - Tho old gentleman was sittllg in the seoat pposito-mino, and there was not a paesunger In the onl patialment hbut our. aslves. That ie quite a comfortablo thing when you have a long journey to go I mean that the compartment ought not -to be <rowded ou a hot, mniaty day. P oples can be 40 dIsagrea n.hl and nrhnnihnr to a taby andi atruo tion- ohild, it is simply untiudurablo SOf ooure, I had had no titue to ly -in a sotok of liters. toro, and I began to repent of my pot Bint uIpunotuality, in this tintoanu at ary rate. What a sweat thing it is to road wbilo you ara in a train of aorme great long - legged brio with a tarole brow and flLtCo bluck wtouetaoh-, umakig frantio of. rort to win ihe 'ovo £o a alim wBislod heroine, -alwa B riady to flil into a faint or a flood of toarB at ilin bortost. notieoul We don't meet oitlor the Loaoea or horoins on the" illook," but they might txitt in some undiaoovored Island, or might have existed on that big continent whi h they tay hau bron sunk under the wavteof the Atlan ti? Blut I tl a nothing to radl, not even a -Family Herald or. London jooural aix Umouthl old, My young old friend banidoed to the Argu,"' but that is a Sltpid lada'a paper, unlsta on Saturday and it aoon drol|pd out of my hands, ani I sat listlecsly gizinig from iho windowat ihe long airotuhes of ldvel pleius that we have to oroFa before reaohing the more piatnreaque acenery of Mducedon Notwitbetanding my new- "grown. up" importanooi I .wesactually gettlig bored. ! Thbe paper -doan not eeom to intereit you muoh," Eaid the geiitloman. \- " No." said I, "tbera is nothing in it but musty, old politico, end I hate po1itloe . It i till fighting, and re doing," SMy. companion laughed, "-D Joao know," he said,' that without intending It, you have beon getting on my corns again? I ai a" bit of a politiolan" myself, bdn:I can hardly esy I air much good at the flghiting." . Ho- I houn!d aoy," F- aid,. l3okliog at him, i 3you are to, n ko for that." SW"Veli, my dear. that Is a complimont that'. ohuid have- given much to get. thirty yeara ago, but I ?aupouo- would not have got it s froeely then." "Perhap. not, and perhaps too I should not give it ao freely if I had fiva moro of thoae yeara mynoif. ' " That i? a very_ hrowd obhorvationi my dear. It is a pity too that-the yearsi a?wk6 ut leaa:a cdid with enob other." Tue a ileneo was brokten botweeii no, and we: ehatted away In Olo atyl until we' reanhod Suirnoy. Thero wao littlO that-I could toll that ho did not hear soneathing about, and we found out that there wea mtony perploe intown whom we hotli knaw. Inideod, when I mentiioned papa's?a?iam ho said that he had had bselocas afi:.ira with hint frequogtly, end wasogla to make tho acquatintane of his daughtor, SFrom Sunbury to Kynoton the. rathilway rune through a moot-fitaraoting stretch of country. Viewed from the distant ~aa, big Macedon forrmr a -dim but aplondid background to Melbourno, agaitat whloh the churoesa and domes of the groat city ;stand-out like freooes, when the awoke ?rnd mist- are blown over theo bay. by a north.ewotorly wind. The' big mountain- seemt to. have been sudde?ily slicd away aand by -the gp the engineata have run the iJoatlooailn in anti oidigo lice, 'The patsenger to awed by: tho near Sprosoe ofa .ib huge msas;oexc pt when he 18 deligiltd by hasty glanc?a of iylvan nooke and gladea and ravinnce whoal-I am. iure the Aunatralian firieo must holditliteir evela When we approaohLd KIrnoon Station, iho.goentlhinan--ho- hd not told: me his namam- opened the window, ,aylng that be expeoted to ece his son the plotfortm. We ;t -becomoe muite focabl - oy this tipie, acd w an r"to.r ?l y t hgd - tyaot -our . , a.lI a:"rw likeluy to ne interropttd= 'Lee Wlton'" aoid may now- ftioed, t'will oi-y allow me to inttodiena myaclf to 4'oia ~y atoc a ta All o '~le abrhla: bavo a quarter of an hour hero fur re. froahmeunte and perhaps-yon will permit me to ooe that you are notetarvod. Here wo are at the station,: and haore i Tod waiting for tme." A gentlemnan nau up toethe oariago window,, and was greeted rhest-aidfection. itoly by Mr Allan,. "T+odT" slid the latter, ' ?1M?t Walton allowa tne- to introdud to her.rmy big eon. Mion Walton hba made the run from town a really plenaant experionco, and it ia any; thing but that without oongniial -co,? "Ted " turned on me the lustrd- of the two moat wond rfol eoyea I ever sat? or: think over will see. 'Thit is not the rhapsodislneg .o a young girl jat out of the ebusitoronm.;' There are anonents of oixltence--..wheo tho--whot- w.th E: moattrity Iateroalleed haa if by, a ft cabtahdi one nof:thoo. monmenta to mo-weie when ['od Allau's eyesaand nitn tnt. in oe fire+ long-look. I have:aaiweaya wtiondr'ad tiet that moment it hiea onsatloin- -wero in ety way comtparable with .mino. I am not-:oo topid:-as to dilat .on hil poeronal. tppearanceo. tie rwas u' I at.?j him, a handsoome-man, bat a etrong hand: como.-man with ovorythirng aborts him strong to fit in With his atrongperronoality, t-oannot acoount-for tho faot thalt front the veryfirst moment: I mentally _reoag ietod the man'a--.upeiorlity, and nittina: tivly eubmitted to it, bliutnot- without a. airuggle. I had bad too nbh my t-own way to surernder- at -disoretion -befoto ovena shot wee fired. - - . -Wll, you cn aenny te returoad to our o iriage after the halt at Ifyneton, Where we Iad a .hasty anaukl, Many people might think I had anotoi withoit auflldiont reserve, and -all I can do isa to. ry out tptccavi," aid thraw myself at their feat tnotiaplhoricol y) and ask for aboolutlon '/Tnes are people, however, with whom you aairni'ato at once, wvith whom oviry chord of your being Ir at 6nbo in harimony, The string of the piano remane m mute until its own peculiar oundl is prorlueid, and then it eohleea-at orce,; -Perhbpa after all we ºra only muicali instrumentsa ourselvaes a_-used to- the muaio' of the spherea. AUSTRAIJAN SCEN$E ---BULLI PASS "Weli Ted, havo you unccedoit ?" asked Mr Allan, when we ohlid 'ettled down for the run to Oaetiemcnile, " No, father, I havv n-oto I sm ,orry to say. The peoreon I went to ao was of rThet n shll'wo hav to fgive ip thel '.By no moans. We want powor, i.id power is only to.be had in lthis woil-J by ono thiqg, It in not for our own gratifi. cation. If it waae ohould hes?tat spbout the stop. But there Is.nothing, ?elfiah in either your mind or mine;-. We haeo tried to do good, and no one knows b.tter than we do how- much neeod there --a for good. When. one thinks of the dJne of the city rooking with eln, and the sin miade hebitual by want, there is no roore for. coltiabness, and ..nollshnes9 will have no part or parcel in anythiug we do;"-: I seuppose my look of Iaatonishlrnout at thest words made:Mr Allean all at onoe renmemnber that to mne they .must oasn p iaeing sirango.:- With. a: `milo he ex. pleined "My doarMiss Walton, I meet till y~ot that my son and I ;re two of those people cho belhve thnt while mo.el a?ohid. b man's chief study, wo should not otnfhin ourselove to study. Thare are no manuy problems hi life that we' might stand aside and only wonder and deopair, hut while we are hero we have time for neither wonder nor despair. Ted and f--ho lookseI fondly at his ion as he. spok-c-haveo hoi:n trying to work, but wo'flud our very bEest oteorts stopped by what we have to regard as the ?d'0, of the world, - Whbit'ver: favours- we had: at hibe hands we have patsed on'to othere, and our work le isn7 dangeor beoooe our moans are m-qont hinited'." " Ttl her all,'" osuitdi laooking& at t with a strangeolow in his dark fethornleie eyes.- " Tell her all; she is one of thb elot" . The uld man ontinused. with a kindly ýmii lighting up his bteievolent fooep We have undertaken a greowatr ik i rn iOibtitborywork i. the fina regoueratiiit tuf tsOKikine The atetm9phere of ttah selum, wEe thinlkt, .t not coostenitasl oe tiMatrl, tiBndo anr chouem % to nuew tite: eqtntavrhlutiaf sWa)fot;:; i em ltQ'3p piaces of contamination andrl giv them a chaii?o of .oloinlines of bouly and soul, That: t alRl ?.et aim .at, but money is wapter, a. mnleus we can continue to got our :work ru?st go.' \- "We .boehug to thu-oult of theosopby, and theosophistas rogwrd overy phaoo of htmaon thounht or life -as qmluetl!y worthy of lhumean- exawrioation. They do not awdrt fact norm rpudlago anything ",a illfitory liboeaoe it dooe not chime In: with thinga that -we regard ae- fcta. Thoy oimiply roogniue- the. illiniAital , na woll ita the illmituible reqepontiilltfih of life, : .":I-l-a rattier niuffir to bother your -young hoiid o-tlloait ;wivth ihso:o pecu. -lationu, but you mutt -laino Ted, anrd- not mc--hooae hypy. ohep py poooais rammediate luifnclrco beyond ourtelvac and 'uperior indtlliý en? '.oparating on huianu life, onAt for- good :abd o0o. for evil. We own saes;- There are cttai uindividttala who. by t:mparanbant. or, by natural -or ginizatioo ared moro eudaeptible -to -liogo rIroig"u infltenoese thin oth.nrd. +'T'hose indiviyiutld pra0e.s. a power of proeionooe no.t ranted t? ? otlore, and at times they an :.coney the will and perhope wih.Ns of higher intelligunoes .-to us who oar elogesd by tne hrbotating ahaokloe of tIhe earth," ? " fomo of theon higher intolligenouc havo (aktrn an intoreot in our work, and it qtac bean inlimatod. to uo that at a certain placo -oer rMaryborough thoro lios only a eisurtet froce the surfnoa a quariz roof of. ostraordidary rioheaos. Tiub, if we can find t; will aolve aft our ifloulty at once, but we requiio a " seonaiteei" of thbo vor hilghost claie" to help n9e, We are conoeioun of the integrity of our own purpoe?o, and that misktnmas (olrd, but of othere we can. not boe ctre. Guol m an be a curea as wall as a blou inug. There. are throe who aru doinitidatd by malign inflltouaas-" "'lihat," adid Temt, "ie what is cheoking u? I was told that I rbould find one at Kfynoton who would fulfill til the requisite oondidtone, and .ame to Kyneton to oee a person of wvhomi I had heard. She waoo uvery, wheor ourrOunded by the aura of earth;' of groet oelfshnoeo; Wlatever gift eho poeaossoed -wre desoorated to the porpoasa of -se?eua,. earthy destirc. I1vo you over aeon an3 thing like this? " Iie took from a case a little box strongly ittititOd wirde "lrasa;-.--ur - 1 to - h,-pr, odecdd to Op:wit -key- hich hung froa 1-ht3 -wath chin, and within it .there 1 ?y' ball o.f Ji e, bright crystall The I fatier took the ball froml its neat with the graitest care. "Juot look ti- this for a moment," he sal,? coming over to the? eaot besiie ia '! Take it into Sour own handas and phla ithat lttle drop'gof purest ray eurena' in tio direcnioti." lThere was what seomod a drop-tear aha-eili-la thb solid bWl1, and this he. ad. jontlo towards the northi, I took the ball la-iny .hand with considerable trepidation. '.That Wvhioh you have In your hand 'is aatliotrite Oryastol, To tteose who know whstbiit II, itia invaluahle, buut we got it for oinly five liond oi guineoau In some hands it isa urleos;. in othors it io inatinOt with allfa of its own." At first ihoro e-omed nothing very remortible-olily a ball almost like glass, Tracaparont, but with a omisty opaoity in its depth whloh. oinad, however, to prad d aid ahift and ohatgo like the morning I'?ez over'-thea sa- when the i1owlynrloon sun begins to. scatter the foade vapours. Th'n:good graoiouta-tha tilmy- 'londs eonloneo and -gather into ooesistenocy fnnilng flitting- iinages which come and vaie?ad in a twinkling, but always more anal more dildoct, always taking, form againet. the purrcold -haok.ground vft'the trb?i?tucont cryatel field, ,So astiorbail woi I -n w-.wtoaing the flltting laed? n that I had uot': noieod we wore appr ?oahig -the o:-ngo tunnel -at l]!hlhiatonu,- and. auddeoly,.with a -roar -oa1 shriek, the train waO buroidd ii the blok oaverh.-rThe light of the rvu_-was oft as if 'by a knife, and vie were in a dtikntis? ihat tio ld almost be feltih Then ~sy eyesunitonacioudly turned tt whoei tJeOrytaol had been lif in my bhnd, ,' i pale e11ibait light floated arotad it, in Mtar d an wavreed rietil it crept lato the Crat -.o_. f th'earsagp, dvanoni- g o-. a SSnte in. an lik e _oener hbata?of iamede. "' Lok t- it is not given to many to see as you see," I did look. -I saw a form of divine boauty glow out of the radianco. The thousand priamatio colonur and shades now. permeated the grey mista which had bee?adall I saw before, and each lent its charm to paint with myatio distinctness: theuface limned by, yet glorified by thoir rainbow? eplendour,. It wai a god-like faod, full of divineo majooty, and com pootiorin. Then with a rush of the wind we were agaii in the. open air, with tho bright prosaic sun flooding tho landaoape with hie garish lrilliance. I looked at: my companions; they were smiling at my wosdtor and nmaremont. ' cYIa obhild, you are gifted," said Mr Allan. • - TToi said nothiii but I .could- feel the i n nrLo?eol. Jook thrill to my soul. aroety was nut tua ut, uya-t.,:,a ?rhdavs iuklel, and orolossa maiden who a couplo of hour'a before enterod that carriage with a narrow circle of facts, dull facts, as her only mental horizon. No II had grown the growth of years within the litnita of thinutea. : The. young man lent forward and plaood his hand over mine, which still held the ball. "Pray, look again," he said, " You have oeon what provoe you to -bh one of teo gifted. Te gift in for use, -not I looked;. The opacity I had nollood before was now more distinct and contralizod with blacknoes, but the edges recoming atlenuated, shaded off into the cr stal transparenoy. I{ saw myself-my own self-waltaint in a field with a queer stiok or wand in my hand. MAr Allan smiled eigrifiocantly when I told bun this. Then the figure changed and I saw a mau lying on the ground with his droopiug head auppurted on rmy knee. Again tthe figures faded and I could sea a bright landroapo of waving corn, a village nostled amongst orchards and vinoyarde with woalth.pro doiping mulberry 'troee lining the long etrtonoes of the vista. TUten.-well thon, I blushed and put down tho rmyptorious crystal-for I saw -myself a proud and ha- nv mnther with children playing on a trim lawn;, an eman standing by rmy tIde-the same man that oat before me in whose beaen. tifnl oyes I could catch a gleam of the birth of love. whlclhonoooherish. ed-by that strong nature most live for i-ver, At Caetlemaino -we- changed for .Mary borough, and only when we were in a crowded and uncomfortable car. riage. thu Victorian ruilway Commia. aioners n uut think that only uity folk care about oomnort \--Mr: Allan - ea oe tiuo to whose placE ' I w~n going when I reached Mary. borougbo. li was mach aq rprised whienItold him that my visit was to Mr Maitland's. /' Why we ehell be going to Mr Malit. tlanl's to.morrow," he said. " Indtod it was entirely for the purpose of aeeing him we came up. You might tell him we shall be with him to-morrow morning af ter1 breakfst., Of course he knows we shall be there, but you might mention the matter t? him," There wee no opi portunity for coa~. versation . during Ihe dull journey. I think I must have fallen arldep at times, but I wae alwaya- watched with wooderful-caro by both the gee. tlemen, who al. though they conp versud in under tone moatearnestly never relexed in their constant and faithful. guardian; ship. At length ltwo reached Marybo rough and on the station platform was my dear friend and ally, -Jeese. She receive-l me with all the spon. .tanoua gladnase of youth. My lunggage wasee escorted to tbo pony.earrtage by y1r Allan and his oec, whom I introduced to Jessae. \--j -Yey a u1, -Iu ull. w yl iuaor. g uentle. maosn a he ehuokry handa, "Yeor-a and I hav knownu-each other in- other ago- e his. is only a renewal," - I did not underatnud him -at all-only -only--when we drove away, the port. mauweau in whioch was the crees that camo downi to may toes; was not noerly so important in Maryhoronghb a it had been a few ioure before in Melbourne, . CHAPTER II. Although I am.very muoh tempted to ito so I m-ust refrain from enlarging-on bho hearty welcome I received at JdeBio' from all the family. Mr Maitland"was a tborough specimen of what is the colonial ideal of Pather John. 3ulb-hbluff,kind, ioapitable, and .trustworthy. - Mr Mait. land was a lady frma the crown of bor ailvered head to hor foot, well shod and nroall, There wais a little army of brothera and stators, and for. a wonder they oould get along without much tramping on each other'as toes.- The heouse was a big goo, and the faintly fully occupied it. Mr Maitland was a large land owner, and of 'ourse he-waee deeply intoreated in overy mining adveuture about Maryborough; - Sie spoke of the Altan- at- breakfast several times, and seemeod to think them u pair of Quixotes with more aldney than cotumon. aouso They bhad atarted; he aid, a philanthropio sheohme up .in thi Witomora, but he evidently thought littleof thb prospoeoe of suoccnu. SXetthey wore reeoived:whoa they drove up tftr bre?akfal t with the utmost cordiality, The gentleuoen retired-ito th erudy ihmodiately eafter the latroduction of the strangera, but during--the short time they wore with no I felt that the eyes of tho younger Mr Allan wero.always fallowing r vim whroverl went about the room. :-t.g gave me quito a etalige oen oation---very-pleaoetat, undoubtedly;-bat utterly bewildering to a young girl ha bud' alwaysebeon on a.perfectly unem. barassed footing :with all theo o s?I1-ath had .tbehito umet, annd hat pve?.dr:deemiadt of liwhat St allEd love. .lt wis:-a :revjo After about an hour I was asked to the study, and Mr Maitland laid the ease before me. The gentlemen were thorough believera in rhhatdomanoy, or the power of diseovering certain mnetein by the wand, I had never hoard of the thing before, and I supposa expreased my wonder in my face, Mr Allan explained. "There are certain persona-and you are one-who poseese this power. Wu shall only ask you to take a walk with us and your friends and hold a little stick in your hand in a certain way. You know," he said in a lower tone, " what depends on it, We have purchased is large tract of land, andweo know there is a rich roet below the surface, We want you to bring us as close as possible to it to prgvent un. 'necessary expense. That is all.': . 1 I have never heard of minerals hlinar discovered by this means,"' aid'Mr Mail. land, "but I know that it hasue been tried with the groatest aoecess for water. if thle youn i?dy liad ki to make the erperi. moet, I shall take a great deil of interest in it." What else could I do than say it would give me the greateet pleasore to be of use, though I doubted if I could do much good, Tod- I always thought of him as Ted -benot over and sald "forely you cannot have forgotten what occurred only yesterday." I had not forgotten what had ocoure., and Tod read his reply in the quick flickering glance I threw into his smiling and earnest eyes. Ubritmaas Day was fixed for our ex. periment, and I confess the ordeal through which I ha-I voluntarily promioed- to go prevented me joining in the Christmas Eve jollity with the vivacity of toy ago or spirits. Jeaeie rallied me on my unwonted quietness, and said it was all through the magnetic influence of young Mr Allan. t f course it was, but.i was not going to confoes it to her or anyone else, Christmas Day came,- and the whole party of us starter out on our adventures, some on horseback and a big load in Jessie's pony carriage. What I had to endure in the way of "chafling" I was the witch of Endor at the very least, and Jessie would have it that I wanted nothing but a broomstick and my place in the carriage might bha taken by, Mr Allan, I was demurely ailent under it all. An im promptu pionio had been suggeotod, and the good thinge provided. About half an hour'a driving brought us to the acone of operation. I was impressed by the experience of the day before, but - moet say the company generally looked on the whole thing as more of a "lark" than anything plee, and the young Maitlande, all home from school, did.not hoeeitate to expreos in plain terms their hbortical ideas. But lMr Allan and his son eernued to have no doubt on the matter, and tieated the scepticism. of the others with quiet disregard. t? was a pretty spot where we halted, The woodmon had long forsaken the glade botween two swelling hills, but Ead lelt behind them the great stumps of the trees they had folld, adil round theo trunks had sprunk up smail thickets of shoots crowned with the soft, gro-nu foliage that contrasted with the silvery pltiant brnauctl,. - 'T ho sell asso enor.acted with tiny quartz pebbles, barly leaving room for the stunted -bush grass and vagrant orchid, "Now, my doer,"seaid old Mr Allarn, "all you have to do is to take this rod by theos two prongs anol hold it out before You." The iod was V shaped, with -what may be called a long stern. I really dlid feel ridiculous, but I had promised, and was determined to go Ibhrough with it, It Was a trying time. - At first they all came after us, and we had the full benefit of their qpinions, and these not very coin. plieloritary, but gradually oven Mr Mait land got tired of the experiment, and they. all went off to see about the contents of the beakots, except, of couroe, Mr Allan and his san., "Up the hills and down their eloping sides and across the gullies, whore here; and there we saw the little holes of the prospeolors of the old digging days, withl the tiny hoeps of "nmulldok" at the side, Notwithastanding all my determination I was geoaing tired and discouraged myself, when ssddenly A troinor shot through thi roi and quivered through my arms, 'The point of - the stick twisted and gorved atd wrinkloe,-and actually boot itself in the ,air.until.it. formed aleaoat a eimi.cire'o, and nearly forced:itself out of my hands. I was frightened-so, much so, that if I had possessed sufloient prosence of mind, I should have drop?ud the wand to the earth, It-reminded me of Aaron's rod, which turned into a serpenat. "I know it," Mr Allan almost shouted. "to for Mr Maitland, Ted, animd bring the pick and shovel. Ten. minutea' waok will reveal over) thing. - - Ted wontaway at the double, leaving his father and mn, the one exultant, the othtlr amneod. - Ra returned in a very sabort time with Mr Maitland and illthe rust. In a minutoe he had off lir coei, and craing thebo great pick with-hia brown, sinewy hands slroick it into the earth. We all stood round in a circle wondering what we should see next. \- The eteel point dug deep in the stubborn soil at every stroke, and rooted up thu groat boulderea of qualre from theoir ancient Oud. -Taien the slrong man bent to the habovel, and awvept'away the loosenod oarth Irom the excavation, Buddenly le krrleh down and soutaed to-ereamino the spot where- hislasat stroke had fallen. '' There is a reef bare," he said, "and right beneath where I am-e standing, I can't judge of its thickness, bat thies," continuap he, "will show what it's value may be." - We gathreod round him, and he held up a little cornered maess of white crumbly quar.ra, evidently btoken away, and all along tho.bluelshea-sea were tiny opeck, of haniong yellow- metal, which cantered in a mes ae of loaf-like gold, thba filled a little cavera in the body of a fused rck. It we gold-gold indeed, and expectation was justifieud \- I need not repeat all that was said,in the way of. wonder by Mr Maitland and his children. Jessi was more than astonished, Like myself, eho was huif trtghtened, and thouglht it was a bit uncanny. As for myself I was astuall bowildered; and could not help wondering at the change which the expeerinice of toan daysa had made in the character of a young, iunxporleiced and fickle girl, One can easily guess what was the topio discasaed at our alfresco luncheon. When we were.luaving, Ted came to me and said- ":There. Is no one here, perhaps, who will retain a more vivid remerabraoca of this ?brietmas Day than. you will, but you must. have a momento. ,This piece oc qluatisi yours. Kueep it, - may botome ,a oiwnor of it - again, but no one bes better right than you to the first fraUitsg ol the ' Ulhrietmas Reel,' ' I-had dreats, rather pleasant dreamin, that Obristmas night in. the dear little room, with the.: room festooned wiib honoysuckileo and bluoh rose. The days milted.jnto. weeks, and the weohe into moIahs, and stili I lihgered iat'" Iara," Tia sohooligir[ friendehip between Jessie ai.d I [.-brodieaad it into -the cuammuiiola .whrk. lasti a:liifefie, I Wa at hornte ey {iedi s 1is4 lied. Ct s t to look forward to the presence of onoe,to make up for the gaiety of the town and, compensato for the dullness of a country house. ITed Allan was a coaetant visitor at "hlrs," With ?ll the energy of hie strong nature he threw himelf into the work of developing the "Chrietmanu Reef," whiolh lrroisdeed to become one of the wonders of the country; His father's trouble about the futuro of his great echeme wae at an end, and he -soon left for town to carry out his philanthropic ideas--whioh com. pl;tely absorbed himr. Tcd catme con etently to see teo all at" lnra," but altbough -, he and I were frEqrtatly thrown together and although I iuetinctivtly know that I was more to him than anyone else, yet he never allowed the preferotce to bhe betrayed. to me or any one of the Maitlhode. I think be thoueght te toso?g cui?- or -oauah . things, and I-ame sure I had no idea of theb extent to which he cmonopolieod my thoughts And my existence. One evening he mentioned incidentally that he was going to explore the next day an old shaft about half a mile from the. place where we hld diecovered the reeoof, "It looke," he aid, "tr if it was on the tame line, and I should like to see how 1oe country makes Joe Perrian eand I will have a look. It ie just on our borders and it will.a interesting to tse how the . people who sank it failed to got the gold.' Jeesie and I know where the shaft was, and half.-layfully she proposed that we - should walk over and eco Mr. Allan and his mate at work, H1. eoemod delighted at the proposal, and" we promised, uviose, somnothing else turned up, to meet hial on, the condition that he canme back to "Irae" with us. We know Joe w ll-a big, blue eyed Cornibhmau, with the strength of a giant, and the sunny kindliness of a child. Next day we did walk over in that direction. The shaft wae at the foot of a little hill with a great mound of yellow earth raised beide it, and near it an old waterhole mader yeara ago for -mining purposea, and now partially ailtad up with big tree tronks stranded in the thick, muddy waters,;ind throwing their gnarled shadows over its dim ourfe0o. When we amoo to. the top of the little hill, we were surprised to see a man running rapidly round the greoat heap ita the direction of "Christmae Reeff." He saw un and began goaticulating furiously and ahouting -for ua to come quick. "There is something the matter," said Joesie, " that isJoe Perrian," My heart leaped to my throat, but I? gulped down toy emotion, and o:sing Juahio's arm, I ran with her towards the shaft. Perrian was at the mouth of the shaft when we reached it. " Mr Allan has fallen down," he shouted, "are you girls strong enough to lower me? The air I thought was bad, but he would go down. It muet be bad yet, but thole is a chance it is diatorbed, and I bhall take. it. ,fomething hao to be risked. I should go down hand over hand, but have-no knowledge-of the depthi;" The moments woere precious. If there ' was a chance it must be taken, and at- - orce. I felt every idandol in ry body: teiroma " etrenied - n-cd tti'-htroprd evsriT .. - -. ' Go down, Jce-" I said, "and we shall men." There was a windlass bridging the black serare hole, When we knew it, it was covered over with a number of planks, and we used to a take girlish delight in lookhig between the intoreticea and cal. calating the depth to which the gulf ex. tended. The, rope hang looee over the oylinder. Prrie.n caught the rope and placed bie foot in the loop. We then lowered him away -into the darkness. I could not even at that normeit of intense and agonisirg urneortainty help thinking what a brave man this was. Without comurneit and without demur of any kind, he simply offered himself to death in th - way of duty. Thereo wasee no mock heroism there. The toanty light of the candle h held :.. in his htnd was soon awallowed up in the overwhelming blctkneso, and then we heard a shout-a aiout of somelhing ilike - glaineos-not the ahout of horror or - ,despair. 'DoJn't lower much further. Easy, masy, that will do." . Westood there wondering and wondering what was happening to close bhaido us yet so far removed from ua. In actual di-tance it was only a few eteps, but-what a obhange that distance moade We had noticed that Joe had a long, small cord wound round his body when he went down. We heard nothing from him, but we saw the windlasr rope tighten, and in a few mintoas-porbapa they were only aceonodi, out time wae an awful laggard just then--Pe;riat'a frce appeared at the surface. (He is still alive," he said. " When lie fell he caught hltween a plank and tihe wall of the behaft, The plank had been left neaor an old drive, He was far below It when ha told me to 'wind up.' The air is not very had. Soruetlhing must be done, and at oce. He ic faetened to the.. rope, but someone mrust be below to guide, and you two girh could never raise the weight youreolvoes," '"1'11 go below,"' I cid, grasping the situatrion at once. "You will," aid PPerrian, "Well you are a breave girl, indeed." I don't know about being brave. I could have thrown myeolfdtlown on the yellow ugly sai, ·aiird -wopt--.ja an ccstasy oL: hyoberical frenzy, but I kneow that -that woauld be real mwlanes. "I'll go,"I eaidl" if ayor will tell me what I am to do. I hiave often enough climbed a rope and slrd down a rope in the gymrnatiumn." S"'Ihbt wae in fun, but, tia is in grim earnesat, fernuambhr your lifo and his depend on 3our ocuragre. Give me your hand." I hold out mny hlnl and .t-aoei it in hlt, It waS errll and broeu, but I know not a tremor betr-lsed the awful -truggl, that was going ni in tny aonl. "Li wll do. Yora will haveo to clido i-own the rope uot mOore than trweult.lieo fert, " You tunt stand on the plank randr take thr cord whicrh i have tied bhaut Mr A!lau' body. When you are ready ce shall haul up. Snout to us. What you have to Ldo is to guike. Do not ello? the body to ewing against the alde. That is all,." Tihen with a gleam of light in his kind face, -" 1o will owe tauch to the coprage of a brave woman," Ssaitd nothring. I dared not speak. 'lHeoaven I what a sensation -it was when I woing myself over that yawning abys? of horror I I gripped the rope with the tenacity of steel. My fingeirs clutched it asif they would bury themselves in its - tough fibres. Then I "?ent down. The cold walle, ugly and blotched, eprang up past me and shtut out the light of day until 1 travelled through a twilight into almost palp~iblo darktrcss, It aseemed an :gc, butt was in reality only a few seconds when my foot touched the plank and I know that the first part of any work was comnpleted. ucere, hiuddled up, waR the form of the men so dear to moe. HI.to head was retsang against the -well of the sheft, and it boudyY Wa doublorh ut, between it and - tho plank u, 11aeone if that plank ware ,o tall Down. down, for down I could hear the Oullen echeoo of water when thbe -etd·on whinh I could not help di~tsrbinu !iirlod tliroughd th- awful otld; ,Bpt tutPt not i~aulgi infaerles c; feera, (Qe~ ' ef·~l~r,;ner$~o; lyor.E~t - - I saw at onOs that the big rape was aenurely footer ed. Joe was not atn an to do things in balt. The cord was partlt coiled on the plank, and the end trailed down far below, Now I could seeo. My own body had abut out the light, but now a square patch of sky was cut out above mo and I could seeo Joe looking down. "In God's name haul up,"I shouted. The faeo wac withdrawn. The Tope tightened and I felt the plank shako and quiver and rock as gradually the tension increased, and slowly the tody roee and sot out on its awful j amrney. I think I did my dety, although even now those awful seconds seem hburied in a cloud like the ghosts of a flichtfal dream, Up the awful burden went, and again darkness was all around,but Ikept steady, and at last I could see the load taken from the rope and drawn in by the Cornishman's strong arms. Then a great loneliness descended on me. There was a dreadful consolousness of being forFaken, and for the first time I myself became the subject of my own thoughts, and the terrible possihbilities of my own position almost ohattered what little there remained of my courage. "Are you strong enough to tie yourself to the rope," Porrian shoeted down. " If oua place your foot in the loop, you will be up here in no time. but the oxoitement may have been too great, cud I am afraid to trast you. Will you tie yourself to the rope ?" "I will, I will," I cried. "Send down the rope," The rope descended, and I wrapped the cord round it and my body sasin and again, and tied it as fast as my hands I could, now trembling with excitemoeat, de, brutsed and torn by the chafing and the I unwonted work. A few miutes, and I waa in the free open air of Heaven agaOi, and the |Ire z. kissed my cheek, What a diffirenc. between that glorious freshnses and th, stagnant and sluggieli atmosphere below I "I shall inn for assietance," Perriae, said. "Miss Midtland has gone alread) towards the reef." Now that the excitement was over I felt the reaction. I felt the hysterinal earasile and tottered to the spot wheoe Mr Allan lay stretched out as if he were dead. Sitting down I lifted his head on my lap, An awful gash had tarn the soclp, and there was a dreadful supplenres in tha arm bent beneath him, Tie groaned when I touched him, but he was evidontly reviving. His eyes opened, and there passed over his poor, bruised and wounded face the smile of welcome recognition. I bent down my head and caught the words as they straggled through his feeble lips "My wife for the ages-I know it." Yes, and at that solemn moment I know it too. The clands of fate were rent, and I could catch a glimpse of the soul life of the past. It was no longer a girl they found there ending over the seuseless body-it was a woman with a woman's soul vivified into a new life and a larger exisltenca. 0 0 0 0 0 0 I am contented. Thomagic crystal was right in two instances. I oan trust for the others. At any rate, I feel transfigured, and feed my soul on the other of hopo A fallen meteor has a very downcast ap 16 rance. "- What would you do if your husband should join a club P" "I would buy one." He-" Will you he any wife P" She "You must ask mamma, first." He-" But m nea ant given yon any oncourage ment P" "Oh, yea I She nays ahe will get all of her father's money when he dies " Case (annoyed)-" Don't you know that a fool can ask questions a" tBana-" I had hoard so; now I know it." "Don't you think that a woman thinks the most of a truthful man l" "It do pends a good deal on how homely she is." 