CHAPTER XVI. THE BECOBD OF A POUNDLINQ. Doctor Banning, nineteen years older than ha had been when he was called out to attend the wife of the poor young artist, was sitting on his shady piazza looking toward the street of Bainton and fanning himself gently, when he spied a stranger coming toward his house. The old doctor had sold his practice, and, having been a busy man all his life, found time hang rather heavy on his hands, so that, when the stranger opened his gate and came up the steps of the house, there was a mild flavor of pleasure about the visit as a little excitement in his tranquil life. Ho had been a man of fifty when he faced that terrible storm, and was yet hale and hearty in spite of his sixty-nine years. He noticed that the stranger, though his face was perfectly unfamiliar, appeared as if he knew the way in Bainton, for he came up the street with- out looking to right or left. As he stopped by the edge of the piazza he raised his hat and said with 1 politeness : " I believe I have the pleasure of addressing Doctor Banning, have I not ?" "The same, sir," the old doctor replied, eying the other rather doubtfully. " I-I presume there ÍB no mistake about- You know I have given up practice for some years now." " It is not about any case now existing, sir," the stranger replied, still looking at him in a scruti- nizing way, as if trying to recall something. " It is about a case that took place many years ago, involving a birth. My name is Alexander James, and some years ago I met a man called John Lee. Do you remember the name, sir P The old doctor paused a moment, and ran hiB hand over his white hair thoughtfully. "I know the name," he said, apologetically; " but I really cannot recall it at present. Perhaps you may be able to help me, Mr. James. Ah, by the bye, a member of the profession ?" ' He ended with a suspicious look, which the other interpreted at once. "No, Bir," James replied, with a slight smile. " Have no fears. I do not intend to ask you to violate medical courtesy. It is merely that I wish to ascertain whether a child, bom under your super- vision some nineteen years ago, be yet living or not. There is a question of inheritance in the case, and my object is to prove the birth, and find whether the child still lives. Will you assist me, if you have any records in the case ?" The old doctor looked puzzled, and scratched his head. " I should have to hunt over my old registers," he said, doubtfully; "but if you could give me any date I might remember. How did you happen to thiak of me, sir ?" " I met your son, Lieutenant Banning, at Old town," the stranger replied. "I liked him very much, sir, and he told me that he thought you could give me the information I desired." The old doctor's face lighted up instantly, and he ushered his guest into the houae, talking all the time ; while the stranger watched everything with a singular air of recognition, compounded with melancholy. The doctor shouted to someone in the house and bustled about, till a big pitcher of iced lemonade had been brought in, while he went on chattering to his guest with the garrulity of old age, till he had about talked himself out, when at last James said: *' Now, if you please, about the register. Do you go back as far as the 15th of January, nineteen years ago, on the night when they had the, great storm of snow ? That may remind you." The old man's face changed instantly from happiness to gloom. " I do," he replied, gravely. " But what do you want to know of the case, Bir ? Pardon me, but as a total stranger, even ray boy's friend cannot have any right to pry into the secrets of the dead." James nodded. He did not seem angry at the hesitation of the old doctor, for all he said was : " That is proper. Do you remember the man ? I only ask that you will tell me what you can, without violating any oath of secrecy." The doctor looked relieved at once. " Ob, if (¡hat is all, there is no harm in that. John Lee was the name. I remember him well. He was as fine a young fellow as ever I saw, and quite an artist, I believe, though I'm no judge of such things. He came to me in the midst of the storm to attend his wife, and I did so. A child was boro. The birth took place about daybreak, and, at sunrise, the poor fellow was arrested, at his wife's bedside, fora burglary they claimed had been committed that night while he was coming for me in the storm. Well, he was trie* and sent up. I never believed he was guilty, but the proof was overwhelming. The stolen property was found in his barn, and they swore that the robbery took place just one hour before he came to call me. That is all." The stranger had shaded his eyes with his hand and looked down at the table as if absorbed in the pattern of the cloth. " What became of the wife and child?" he asked, in a low tone. " (She died of convulsions while he was in conrt, that day, on his preliminary examination, leaving a child behind her," WSB the reply. I The stranger was silent for a while, and at last he asked, in a low, stifled voice : " T7/io paid for the funeral, doctor ?" The doetor fidgeted and looked uneasily at his visitor, and then the latter said in a low voice : " Doctor, God bless you for it ! I lenow you did it ! God bless you ! You have heard about bread on the waters coming back after 'many days? Yours may do so yet." The doctor Btared at his guest with still greater uneasiness. " Who are you ?" he asked, at last. " You cannot be that poor fellow ! He was a very light blonde, and you're a regular Spaniard. Did you ever know him ? If you did, it makes a difference." " I knew him well," James replied, slowly. "Dootor, it is for his child, to claim for her the in- heritance of which her poor mother was deprived, that I came to you for information. In God's name, I ask you, what became of the child ?" The old doctor fidgeted a good deal before he answered, and when he did, it was in a timid, apologetic sort of way ; " Well, sir, the truth is, I wanted to adopt that child myself, but when the father was convicted and sentenced, I positively dared not. My poor wife, an angel, if ever there was one, was yet a woman and did not dare face the sneers of her friends at adopting the daughter of a convict. I did not dare tell her the secret revealed to me by the dying woman. I dare not tell it to you, even. But this I can say, that I have kept track of that child ever since. The little one was duly regis- tered in the county asylum as a foundling, and was afterward adopted by a gentleman, who has since, as I know, treated her with every kindness and luxury, ir it were otnerwise, ne wouia oe sure to hear from me." " Was it Raymond Ralston ?" asked James, in the same quiet way. The doctor looked surprised, but answered promptly : " It was, sir. And I am informed that he is an unexceptional person in every respect, of great wealth, and has brought her up like a lady." " Do you know that by the will of that child's real grandfather, all his wealth was left to Raymond Ralston in trust for that child P" said James. " No, I didn't know any such thing," was the prompt reply. " I thought the poor little thing was disinherited. How do you know, sir ?" James smiled slightly at the eager question. " Pardon me, doctor, but perhaps others have a right to keep secrets as well as you. I only ask if, with that knowledge of facts, you would still con- sider the conduct of Raymond Ralston so unexcep- tionable. I believe that was the word." " No, I shouldn't," the old man replied instantly. "It would alter the whole case at once. Well, sir, if you want; to find the proofs of the child's birth and adoption, they are in the connty asylnm, the entry being five days after the mother's funeral, the adoption about three weeks subsequent. The I child was entered as Lydia Moore, that being her father's real name. I should feel a good deal more sorry about him, by the bye, if he had not changed his name. Honest men ought not to do that, you know." There was a bitter ring in the stranger's voice as he said: " Perhaps BO, doctor ; but remember even honest men may sometimes be put in danger in this land of liberty by the persecutions of those who have more money than they. Perhaps John Moore hid his name to prevent his wife being stolen from him." The old doctor, who had been a little agitated at the memories of the past evoked by his strange visitor, softened down, saying > "Oh, well, I don't wiBh to condemn the poor fellow. He has suffered enough, God knows. Twenty years in State's prison ! All the beauty and j glory of the world shut out from him for twenty years ! Perhaps dead by this time 1 Oh, yes, I don't wish to condemn him. Twenty years! Yes that was the sentence. I shall never forget it, for I was in court when it was delivered. I was his only , witness to_ prove that he was elsewhere when accused of the crime ; but he could not prove his where- abouts'for all the night. Yes, twenty years it was. And next year the poor fellow ought tobe out, if he has not died in the interim. I believe I'll take a trip to the prison some day and see how he is. They say prison experience sometimes changes men greatly." " It does," the other replied in a deep, hoarse tone. " It makes devils of some, cowards of others. Don't go to the prison, doctor. It would only sadden you. The man is dead. No one will ever hear of him again." Doctor Banning cast a curious glance at his visitor. " May I ask how you know that ? Did you see him.in the prison P" " The man escaped from the prison and went to South America," was the reply, in a dull kind of voice. " I met him there, and he died. Let us talk of something else, doctor. ' It is too sad a case. You have a boy-as fine a fellow as ever I saw. May I ask a question or two as to him, if it would not be impertinent." " Well-ahern !-the fact is, sir," the old doctor stammered, looking flustered .and annoyed, " you have asked a good many questions already about, my private affairs without giving any reason, and-" " And you'd rather not answer any more." The stranger finished the sentence for him, with a faint smile. " You're right. Only it is not much that I want to know. He is a soldier, I believe. I have read | up his record in the army list and find it moat ex- cellent. He seems to have distinguished himself in a cavalry regiment in the "West, and afterward exchanged into the artillery. Am I npt right ?" The doctor's face flushed with pleasure at the praise of his son. "Yes, sir, yes. If he is my boy, I can say I'm not ashamed of his record. They gave him the name of Banning the Bold out West, you know ; and General Sheridan has mentioned him twice in dispatches. Oh, he's a good boy; one that any father might be proud of! But, then, that army business is a terrible waste of time for a young fellow. Arthur went into the academy, just after the war, you know, when they were all full of ambition ; and, between you and me, sir, I am in- clined to think that it has been just so much time and energy wasted, for him. An army officer, in time of peace, is a poor useless creature; and a man with an active mind finds it terrible. I some- times wish I could get the boy to resign, and try civil life. I'm sure he would get on there. But then, after all, he might fail. He has no money to enable him to embark in business, and-but there I am running on like an old fool, Mr. James, about my boy ! Yes, you caught me fairly, I own up to it. You are quite a skilful extractor of information. And the doctor laughed good-naturedly, while Mr. James only gave him the ghost of a smile, as he replied : " You will never regret talking to rae, doctor. By the bye, has your boy ever thought of getting , married ?" The doctor's face fell at once. ' "I don't know. I never asked him. I am perhaps ' a little too delicate in such matters, sir. I know Arthur has something on his mind ; and I judge it is some young lady. That is one of the reasons why I wish he was out of the army. He never could get married, and stay in it." His visitor watched the old man keenly, and noticed that his voice had a sad tone in it ; but he made no comment, and, shortly after, got up and took his leave, while the doctor looked after him with many shakes of the head, muttering to him- self: " I'm afraid that man isn't quite right in his head. | He has delusions; and may fetch up in the lunatic asylum." Mr. James, on the other hand, went to the nearest livery-stable, hired a horse and buggy, and drove to the County Foundling Asylum, whence he emerged, an hour later, with some papers buttoned up securely in his breast-pocket; then he drove back to Bainton. That evening he took the train to New York, and went straight to the office of Thomas M, Glover, attorney at law, who, not recognizing him in the least, 'was yet impressed with hiB appearance, and offered him a chair, with more civility than he usu- ally showed to his patrons. Mr. James said quietly : " I want to consult you on a matter of importance ; but cannot do it in this office. I must see you in private." (To le continued.) 