GOSSIP. Several old-world dances are to be - per formed, by special command of the Emperor of Germany, on the occasion of tbe wedding of ius youngest easier, Princess Mugaret of Prussia, which will take place at Berlin in January next. The officers of the First Dragoons, the bridegroom's regiment, are said to be practising » quadrille on horseback for tbe ercat occasion. Lamp-shades of silk and chiffon have become somewhat; monotonous, and the latest novelty, in the shape of pretty little yachts, will be hailed with gladness. The miniature craft arc neatly fnaAt* of pale shades of crinkled paper, and have riggings of narrow gold cord and tiny silk flags waving from their mast-heads. As the pretty little nautical shade costs only a coapje of shillings, tlwy are likely to be very popular dinner-table decorations. The altar frontal that figures in the room in which Princess Marie wi'l be married, the same writer tells us, is a. beautiful piece of needlework. Tbe ground is of cream damask silk and gold diaper, upon which a conven tional design of pomegranates and leaves in gold thread, pink, green, and bine silks, is embroidered over white velvet. A super frontal is simulated by side panels of gold, outlined in crimson-and-gold silk lace. In tbe centre there is a large panel of figured white brocade, above which are the letters LH.S- in gold. The fame firm of ecclesias tical decorators who have carried out the Royal order have a handsome banner en hand, intended for the Protestant Church of St. George in Paris. Early in March, therefore {A tla* says), the Queen proposes to hold a Court at bucking ham Palace, for which invitations are to be issued by the Lord Cfcmi1-erlain to tbe Corps Diplomatique, Ministers aud ex-Ministers and their wives, and, indeed, to most of the per sonages wlio permanently enjoy the privilege of the eurree, with any additious indicated or approved by Her Majesty. At this Court the Queen will 'receive' all the company per sonally, as the number of invitations is to be limited. The Court is to lie held in the Throne Room, and worknicn have recently been engaged in tbe adjoining apartment, which is the entree room, and which has been superbly redecorated ia blac and gold. The proposed Court will, it appears, not interfere with the nsoal Drawing Rooms, of which four are to be held next season at Buckingham Palace, according to present arrangements. Two of these wiu be in March, and are to be held by Princess Christian for the Queen. The others will be early in May (probably during the first week of the mouth, and everyone hopes that tbe Princess of Wales may be able to hold them ; but on this point uothtog can be settled {or several months to come. In spite of the bad times which have pre vailed in every branch of commerce during the last twelve months, the marriage market has not languished ; in fact, statistics, as applied to tbe great middle class {oays a writer in the St. JantvC* Gazette), show an improvement* while among the 'upper ten' the average has lieen fairly sustained. Six earls have added six connteases to tbe ranks of tbe peeresses. One viscount, four Isirona, two baronets, and one duke have taken to themselves wives. The most popular author of the day and the heir to an enormously wealthy dukedom have also been removed by marriage from competition. A large number of 'honoorables ' have married well, several among them baling taken American brides. , 'Atlas ' tells us in the U'orfd that he has reason tobelicvethe Queen will not herself bold anymore Drawing Rooms. Foryearspastithas been Her Majesty's costoro to retire from the Throne Room before tbe Drawing Room was half over, leaving the larger portion of die general company to be received by tbe Princess of Wales. One result of this practice was a series of frantic and most unseemly struggles to reach the Throne Room early, and on several occasions the altercations at tbe barriers between the eager, augry, and excited daises were so loud and violent that sounds of the conflict penetrated to the royal circle. Another resnlt has been a very large increase in the number of special applications for the ?* day ' entree, all of which go before the Qaecn, who deals herself with these re quests. There is, it is considered, little reason why the Queen should continue to bold the Drawing Rooms, especially as she always suffers from headache and general malaise for several hours after one of these A writer in the Gentlewoman is responsible for the following thrilling story : — Two young girls one of whom I know, went to stay in &. country house some time during this year. They were given a room with a legend at tached to it to the effect that a woman whose face was covered with blood haunted it. I believe, however, that the girls laughed and said they didn't mind. That night they went to bed, and very soon 'afterwards the door opened #nd a woman rushed in, her face covered with blood, and threw herself ou tbe bed. Tbe girls, terrified out of their senses, pulled tbe bedclothes over their heads, and remained where they were, too frightened to move. At length, hearing nothing, they fell off to deep, thinking the ghost had gone ; bot the next morning when they awoke, there, right across tbe foot of tbe bed, lay the woman dead and cold. Poor thing ! she was one of the ladies' maids who bad suddenly broken a blood- vessel, and ran in to try and get help ; but not being able to speak for choking, and also being tbe exact impersona tion of the 'ghost,' she got no a&astaacft;, and so died. On some parts of tlie Continent a small piece of vanilla is put into tbe teapot together with the tea. The flavours are said to blend well, just as in Russia you take your tumbler of tea with a slice of lemon instead of milk, and as in France and Germany yon add a teaspoonf nl of arrack or rum to your thimble fnl of after -dinner coffee. But there is vet a. daintier way of *^V»«j; your vanilla-flivoar with your tea. And this rafnne manner (says a writer in the Pall ifaU Gaxtttt) is English, and not Continental. Wben the tea or coffee service is being made, vanilla flavouring is added to the china when it is in the potter's hands, and thus, it is baked into every article of the set. Whenever, afterwards, the tea things get hot, as they are being used, they exhale a faint aroma of vanilla, which to the fastidious, may be preferable to the actual infusion into beverages ol the piece of the square euan of the vanilla aromatica. THE HUMBLE FIN. Greek and Roman ladies fastened their tresses with metal pins, and tbe ancient Britons need those made of ivory. They were comparatively rare, and regarded as a luxury. Garments were fastened with strings, laces, skewers, even with thorns. When the pin of commerce was finally introduced, though a comparatively clumsy affair at first, it met with universal favour, and soon found its important niche. For law and literature have both noticed this useful trifle. Hamlet set his ' life at a pin's fee,' and the afflicted Queen of England compared her *' wretchedness to a row of pins.' -* Dear me ! what signifies a pin ?'* were the haughty words of the heroine of a poem of Jane Taylor's, dear to a generation now past. But she soon saw the value of tbe slighted object, when, at toe hour appointed for the pleasure party : — * The carriage rattled to the door. Then rattled fast awav ; Bat poor Eliza was not in. Who has not read of tbe young man who attracted the attention of his future patron by stooping to pick np a pin. And of the prisoner who saved him* self from madness by daily casting three or f onr from him iu the darkness of bis cell, and then painfully searching nu til hefonnd them again* When, after six years1 imprisonment, tbe news of his freedom was brought Mm, he was on tbe ground) bunting for oue pin which bad beenfortwodaysmissing. The fourpins, bent and corroded, were set in a brooch and worn by bis wife, to whom they were more precious than gem?. Superstition bas not forgotten tbe pin. like other pointed articles it is ' to be lent, uot given,' and we are told in strains embodying equal measu.e of truth and poetry : — See a pin and pick U ap, AH the day voail bare good lock. In the reign of Henry VHL a law was passed cnactiug that pins should not be more than six shillings and sixpence per thousand. Fins were then a very acceptable present ; ** instead of tbe gifts, a composition was sometimes received in money.' This was called, of course, pin-money, a term winch has been extended to a euni of money ' secured by a. husband on bis marriage for the private expeuses of his wife.' Addison has recorded his dislike of what he calls ' tbe doctrine of pin-money,' proposing ' needle-money ' as 