THE SPINSTER VERSUS THE MARRIED WOMAN. (Abridged from Harper's Bazar.) BY KATE UPSON CLARK. It was asserted by Mrs. Jameson that no married woman whose home life had been happy had ever achieved distinction in art or letters. This was, of course, a good many years ago, but within the last deoade several pretty poems have been written whioh support Mrg. Jameson's proposition. In all of these verses the argument is usually muoh the same. A mother with her child upon her breast renounced outside ambitions. In some eases she appears to do this willingly; in others she weeps, and makes more or' less complaint regarding the bushel whioh hides her shining. In one of them the mother bids farewell to a companion—a " lady friend" apparently—who had abjured matrimony, and had openly oome out in favour of the muse. The " lady friend" is speeded on her way in several thrilling lines, as Bhe passes from sight on her path toward the Temple of Fame. Then the mother is supposed to turn baok with streaming eyes and devote herself to rocking the baby to sleep. Suoh mothers are recommended to ponder the favourite lineß about the Archimedean power of " the hand that rocks the oradle." Ruskin's sentiment that " it is better to build a beautiful human creature than to build a beautiful dome," and Emerson's " The greatest of all enterprises for splendour, for extent, is the up building of a man." Still, when one craves pomegranates, the jaiciest tenderloin is not satisfactory, and the woman who thirsts for fame will refuse for ever to believe tbe poet's sweeping statement that" fondness for fame is avarice of air.' But, seriously, the spinster and the childless widow, or the lovely woman who for any mis fortune seeks seclusion from society, have an infinitely better chance for winning distinc tion in the fields of intellectual effort than have their happily married sisters, as anyone can see. The spinster of 30 has had her romance, and has either buried it or set it aside. The mists have cleared away from her, and she has no illusions. She may study; she may spend all the time she likes in the galleries and libraries. Even if she has her living to earn, she still has a good many hours of each day to herself. More than all else, she is not hampered by the altruism which must necessarily enter into the life of her married sister. The latter would infinitely rather that her husband and children should become famouß than that she herself should. This leads to a constant coarse of self-sacrifice on her part. Is there anyone who has not Been some noble woman capable of filling a high place, yet modestly hiding herself behind her family, who are often unworthy of her hope and confidence ? Love is the overmastering emotion of a woman's nature; those Bhe loves best she will always place before herself. Thus the married woman has lost at the outset the essential, next to the possession of irrepressible genius, to the winning of fame—a single, undivided aim. Another requisite to artistic excellence which she has lost is the privilege of solitude, without which " no greatness ever had been dreamed or done." The happily married woman has little time to herself. Though she may go to her room and look the door behind her, she is followed by per sistent ghosts of duties, which mook at her efforts to abatraot herself from the earth. She resists these flitting worries. An hour passes. Her colours are mixed, or her day is moistened, or her poem has taken form in her mind. Her hands begin to work out the fascinating thought of her brain, when suddenly the president of the Doroas Sooiety requires a consultation with her. Then the plumbing bursts in the kitchen ; the children oome home to lunoh. Clouds thicken about her bewildered mind. Well has Bhe been compared to the bird who is tied by one leg to the earth by a tether whioh ia all too short. Happy Bhe if she reach the age ot 50 fresh enough to practise for pleasure the arts which she once fondly hoped to pursue for fame. It used to be asserted, and even now it is sometimes believed, that women have no capacity for really high art. Mr. Howells makes his clever Alma Leighton aay that women as a sex oan never accomplish anything because they " keep all their appointments and fulfil all their duties just as though they didn't know anything about art." " Dutiolatry," to quote from Mr. Howells, is the crowning and moat deeply ingrained characteristic of the womanly nature. The parable of the talenta ia responsible for many of the -eccentricities of brilliant women. They have seen more plainly the doty of developing their own natures than that of fulfilling their marriage contract. A marriage contract for a woman means the care of a home. If she is not prepared to make everything subservient to that, she should remain a spinster, and remember that " what ensnares the heart will maim the hand." In short, the married woman should print in a conspicuous place upon her walls these noble words of Phillips Brooks: " Snrely I may claim my right to be glad and proud that the great singers are singing, though my ears are dull to music; and that the great sculptors are carving, even though my soul does not respond to art; and that the great statesmen are ruling, though my quiet life seems to be lived entirely outside the region of their grand ideas. They are mine and I am theirs." And yet let the spinsters beware of too violent triumphing over their vanquished sisters. Let them read the exquisite story of Cupid and Psyche, as Walter Pater has told it in his " Menus." Bat the married woman will wish them god speed, and rejoice in their successes. She will wonder and admire at their learned disserta tions upon " the Thusness of the Therefore and the Thatness of the Thence f " for she knows that they are wonderfully clever, and she will do all that she can to clear the track before them. This is the epoch of the spinster. Ssasiok or Boatino Gown. [See " Dress and Fashion."] 