OH ! CASH ! ! I am not a discontented sort of a fellow, but I observe with envy that a woman was arrested on Saturday with seven purses in her possession and a bank book for over £100. These hard times one feels like marrying a purses and a bank booh, holy scissors ! I must go and- have a nobbier, the idea of such wealth just knocks me over. That woman must have come from Coolgardie. THE MUNDONG. I see per the Register that youog Bob Cox has been raising a blackfellow's ghost, or rather a battalion of ghosts on ths Murchison. I noticed some literary matter of that young fellow's in the Bunyip a week or two ago ; it is a pity he does not while away the weary hours of bush life, varied only by tracking horses and listening to the voice of the charming dingo and the alluring darkie, by sending a screed to us South Australians, who are always on the look out for news even if it came from Hades. The bushman, if he had only a literary turn, would be a valuable contributor to the city and country press no doubt, but somehow or other he doesVt do much in that way. I suppose his hard open air work from day light to dark makes him sleep the sleep of tbe just as soon as he has cooked his kangaroo steak with a slice of iguana or damper, and a pannioan of tea to wash it down. He rolls himself up in his blanket and snoozes away until tbe early rising ants bite his toes and make him swear in a way that causes the horeea to start and strain the hobbles. When young Bob, who! believe is a brother of the Mayor of Gawler, comes back, won't he be a big bearded bushman? He used to be a masher cyclist and do his 70 or 100 miles a day without turning a hair. WHEN I COME ACROSS your compositor who sets up Heeltaps I am going to shout bim a drink, a drink calcu lated to kill at forty yards. He is some times «o humorous when he deals with- my copy that it is far funnier than I try to make it myself when I attempt to be fanny in my elephantine way. That one word 'daughters' in my Bessie Doyle par cost me the price of a drink to -myself at my own expense. I fancy I wrote ' danglers,' but my copy is so like the tracks made by tbe Gawler Corpora tion horse that no wonder the compo halts over it. COOLGAKDXE seems to be a kind of a mining measles which has attacked the speculative Adelaide public. Now if Coolgardie calls away our unemployed young men -and they bring bach their geld to Adelaide, this particular Free luncher wishes them all success. We have more -than several Adelaide young 'go- aheads,' and I wish them well to the utmost of their anticipations. : NOBUVEAN RICES. I hear that the pnblic notice given to the behaviour of a certain 'saasiety set' at the opera on Saturday has caused a good deal of comment. If it hits borne thank goodness ! for the behaviour of some people who con sider that they constitute society is so self advertising that they make themselves a society laughing stock. It is time that the educated poor asserted themselves against the illiterate rich. There is a halo of wbakyon-may-calls'em about the dress circle which does not aurround the semi-impecunious section of the playgoers. It is about time that the uuappreciative people who possess cash are made to nnderstand the rights of the appreciative who pay their way and do not let their miilioner and tailor wait for settle ment. LOW LIFE ABOVE STAIRS. It ii a pity that the management of the Theatre Royal does not put its foot down flat upon the ' aristocratic ' (?) snobs who use tbe dress circle as a showing off place where they air their contempt for the better behaved people who go there for intellectual enjoyment. These objectionable elements of_ 'saaaiety' are often quite a nuisance with their assumption of superiority based on a lucky fluke in ironmongery, land job bing, mining, or other stroke of fortune, which has lifted them into the ranks of the wealthy lower orders. People of that class sometimes wind up a garden party, or the races, by going in a body to the Theatre full of champagne and good spirits. They come in late with much hustle and pretension, audibly criticise tbe occupants of the auditorium, as well as on the stage, and make themselves very much unpleasantly en evidence. I am very glad the Register dropped down upon the particular puraeproud set so con spicuous at the opera on Saturday night ? they deserved it. I spotted them from the gallery — two women and same men ? a fashionable set. One of the men. a strancror who looked as if he had been punishing his his host's champagne, made a conaiderably conspicuous ass of himself— sailor ashore fashion — talking loudly, quizzing the people, and setting the artificially constructed sooiety beauty on his left politely giggling, The lady oa his right behaved herself, and could not help being associated with these expoaento of bad taste. The chief offenders were aided and abetted by a lardy-dardy young gentleman who passed round a bag of lollies and made a donkey of himself in various ways congenial to tbe clique; but most annoying to tbe rest of the house. A Freeluncher alongside of me said it was 'heastly bad taste,' and others remarked 'just so.' I HEARD that one of the officers of a war steamer in our waters said after a certain garden party in Adelaide that he 'dtd'nt know how they were to get away without half the girls in Adelaide proposing.' If he said that, wbat a consummate cad and egregious ass he must be. I wonder whether it was the one who was so oonspicuous at the opera on Saturday night. If so I can understand it. He had been wooing Heba to all 'appearance aud Bacchus had been very friendly to him, don't you kuoar ! That seemingly interminable case, Harvey v. Howe, about the resumption of leased land ou the borders of the Ninety-mile Desert — land orieinallv leased bv rabbits and dingoes — was drawing its dreary length along when Symon, for the squatter, sprang a surprise on the Court by producing minutes by the Government that made matters look rather blue for the other side. Symon generally has something up his legal sleeve, and like a born diplomatist keeps it for the last crusher. The minutes went to create the impression that all along the Government had intended to let the land lightly on a long lease, because it was practi cally a rabbit warren and a dingo range. Ash will be astonished a little, I think. LYNCH LAW is a moBt objectionable form of rough and ready justice, but I really believe that if there are many more of these robberies with violence, attacks on unprotected women, sticking up, and petty thefts, the spirited citizen will take the law in his own hands, to the discomfiture of some amateur footpad or nractisinff Bill Svkes. A stout stick is far preferable to a pistol or a knife, and I hope neither of tbe lethal weapons will be resorted to — it is un-English to depend on ought but your fists or a stout stick. I would rejoice to hear of some thieving, sneaking vagabond getting a sound thrashing such as would make his ribs and legs asfae for many a month to come. 