Miscellaneous. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — PrinceES Christian opened a new central block of the Noith London Hospital for Consumption at Hampstead. Princess Beatrice opened a loan exhibition of old lace and embroidenas. The Queen's exhibits in cluded some lace, once the property of Queen Char lotte, and George IV. 's cradle. Some needlework executed by Mary Queen of Scots was also on v.ew, together with quilts under which Richard III. and Charles I. had slept. The Queen has become patroness of a female court of the Order of Foresters. It was recently de cided to admit women as members. Her Majesty is now a female Forester. Florence Nightingale, who for years has been an invalid, has just celebrated her seventy-third birthday. The 300th anniversary of the birth of Isaac Walton, the patron saint of anglers, was to he cele brated on August 9. A feature of the Henley Regatta was the presence of a French crew, who received an enthusiastic wel come from the English rowing men. A marble bust of Cromwell realised £1000 at an auction sale in London, twice the amount last paid for it. A letter of Mary Queen of Scots fetched £25, a violin by Stradivarius selling for £500. The sun was in apogee on Tuesday morning, July 4, when it was the greatest distance from the earth — 93,941,000 miles. The wheat harvest commenced in 'Dorset on Saturday, July 1. The Hessian fly has appeared among the crops in^ Hants. Hay, is fetching high prices, owing to the drought, and it is predicted that before next spring it will be £12 per ton. .The dry season has suited the grouse. A rubber at whist, with living personage for cards, was played at Ealing, in connection with an Episco pal bazaar. . The heaviest peach on record has been grown at Hartwell House, near Aylesbury. It weighs 15]oz. While m wiring excavations for the enlargement of a Baptist chapel near Swansea, a vein of coal, 20ft. deep, was discovered. The waistcoat is said to he, declining. During the hot weather it was a common sight to see men other wise welldressed dispensing altogether with that article of raiment. - - The two Benhams— Richard, aged 39, a banker, and Albert, aged 45, a clerk— were found .guilty of conspiracy to defraud the London and German Bank of £49,000 and of other charges, and sentenced, the ^ former tf- 14. and the latter to five years' penal servi tude.' It was admitted by- 'the prosecuting counsel that Albert was a tool of his more astute brother, and had none of the money ; but, as -they both pleaded, guilty to uttering a forged will, little pity will be felt for them. Richard Benham at one time affected a position of great affluence. He had a large house in Piccadilly and kept carriages and horses, while at Tunbridge Wells he had a country residence, and established a fire- brigade— hut never paid for the uniforms. The mushroomlike financiers of the suburbs will soon come to be regarded with suspicion on account of the sudden downfall of men like the Barkers, the Benhams, and the Spencer Balfoure. A mistress complained to a London magistrate that her servant '.remained in bed and would not dress herself, althongh her notice to leave had expired. The magistrate advised the applicant to engage some strong women to dress the girl, and then she could be turned out of the house. Fifteen groats, struck about the 'year .1.357, were discovered 3ft. beneath the surface on ail estate in Carmarthen shire. A .'grocefc at Hamilton, when cutting up an American cheese, discovered a hard substance in the centre, which turned out to be a silver-mounted revolver. A young domestic servant drowned herself at Longton because she was so plain-looking that she could not obtain a sweetheart. A-mian in Russia, 100 years of age; committed suicide through a love affair. At Wolverhampton a woman, for the purpose of gratifying a spite which she entertained against another woman who had died, followed the corpse to the grave, and at the close of the burial service poured the contents of a bottle of filthy water on the coffin. . „. An Oxfordshire farmer, who was convicted of sending milk to London adulterated with water, . excused himself on account of the drought, which, he ' said, had made' it impossible to get good rich milk, the cows having to live principally on the leaves of trees. 'A ghost is said to haunt a house at Chalk Farm. It iB credited with hurling stones, breaking the win- . dows from the inside. Thousands of people assemble nightly in the hope of .seeing the intruder, and prayers,, asking for some explanation, have been offered up in the house by a clergyman. The stones are said to be often so torownag just to escape the faces of the children living in the house. A man who was found iu the night under a table in one of the upper rooms of a pawnbroker's in London was charged with being a burglar. He was, however, discharged, it having been proved that while staying' at a temperance hotel next door he . climbed along the balcony and entered the window to escape imaginary thieves. . \- A man who claimed to be. an astrologer has been sent to gaol for two months in London for fortune ' telling. A detective wrote to know his fortune, and the astrologer replied, on the supposition that his correspondent was a woman, that she ' would have a husband stout and fair.' r' Two well-drfissed ladies were committed for -trial at Kingston: charged with disposing of. the contents of a house which they had taken furnished. A little girl was brutally outraged, and flung in a ditch to die, at Walthamstow. At the Winchester Assizes the J udge mentioned that, out of 29 prisoners for trial, 10 were charged with assaults upon children. Such a state of things, he said, was a symptom of grieveus moral degradation. The oak 'chair carved by the Princess of Wales has been withdrawn from the Chicago Exhibition, trophy hunters having chirped away pieces of the wood to carry off as mementos. ; In consequence of the damage, a claim of £100 will be made against the . exhibition authorities. A clergyman, while walking through the World's Fair, smashed some whisky bottles in a Dublin ex hibit! When arrested, he said Jehovah had told him to do it. . ' - A notorious female swindler has. been sentenced to three years' imprisonment .in Paris. She -has a dozen husbands living. She advertised for -a husband, describing herself most flatteringly, and said she had a fortune of £1*20,000. She married obe wealthy suitor after anbttier, only to decamp a day or two after the wedding with the' presents and whatever else she could lay her hands on. A young actress was married in Paris. All went well till the day's festivities 'were drawing to a close, wheii the bride withdrew tor-- her salon. This room had a secret staircase by which the bride 'reached the street and made her escape. The next day a letter was received from her positively refusing to rejoin her husband. A man walked acrosss Niagara on a wire cable. \- He wheeled a cooking-range -in front of him, and, stopping midway, lit the fire and cooked a meal on the wire. - A determined attempt was made to wreck the train in which the Czare witch was leaving Russia for England. The tails had been taken up, aud the .- pilot engine waswrecked, the Imperial train being piilled up jnst in front of the fatal spot. Baron Nathaniel Rothschild, of Vienna, has had to withdraw' 'the offer- off 'his; caBtle and estate at Reicheuau to a consumption hospital owing to tbo local outcry raised against the proposal. He has therefore decided to start - a lottery, with the castle and park, valued at five million florins, as the first prize, and hand- the proceeds over to the hospital. It is rumoured that the largest diamond in the w irld has been -found in Africa. It weighs 970 carats, b ;ing nine times as large as the.Koh-i-Noor, A woman has died at Blackhilf, Ireland. uged 104. Iu Kentucky, measles caused the death of a woman aged 110. - A restaurant-keeper was sued at the Westminster county court for damages, owing to theft bf an overcoat while its owner was dining in the said restaurant, and the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, assessing the damages at four guineas. Leave to. appeal was . given, and the owner of the overcoat may yet have cause to regret his rashness in invoking the aid of the courts JACOB GAGDAUR. 1 