CORRESPONDEfNCE. [W\e do not hold ourselves responsible for nor necessarily endorse, opinions expressed by correspondents.] THE BIBLE HELL? (TO THE EDITOR OF THE REOORD.) SIn,-In a late issue of your journal ap. peared a reprint from the Hamilton Specta. tor, with the heading, "A Comforting Doctrine," upon which if you will allow me I will be very glad to say a word or two. I am pleased to see that the writer in com menting upon Professor Mivart's startling conceit, that "hell is a place of much greater happiness than can be formed upon this earth" says:-" There are many of the moderately good respectable people referred toby the writer (Mivart) in this world, who are not guilty of any acts which would seem to make their souls suitable subjects for the Inferno when they have shuffled off this mortal coil."-"The excuses for sin which are provided by heredity environment and ignorance are thronughly valid, and must surely apply to those who have not been reached by the saving light of faith." These comments, as well as the article commented on, seem sincere and honest utterances of minds which revolt against a doctrine that represents a just, holy and beneficient Al mighty Being consigning myriads of the human race to an endless existence in tor- ment. That the columns of the secular press are open for frank and unembittered dis cussion upon a question of so much importance will be welcomed as a very healthful sign on the part of some ; of a desire to look at the subject fairly and independently, apart alto. gether from clericalism or priestly as- sumptions. Without having any sympathy with those who hurl opprobrious epithets at the clergy, or for one moment entertaining the thought that they knowingly hold and teach error; and while giving them credit for unselfish and honest zeal in their pro- fession, I have no hesitation in asserting that they are entirely wrong on this and other cognate subjects. That this is so is not so much to be wondered at when we remember how, even in the days of the Apostles, heresies crept into the church, and in later days, one phase of paganism after another came to be mixed up with the doctrines of the pure word of God. The interpretation of scripture by the church, from Oregen and Augustine down to the present day, has quite as much of Platonic theory in its teaching as bible truths—in fact the former nullifies thelatter. These errors are propagated from one generation to another by the system in vogue which keeps up the supply of religions teachers. The training of young men for the ministry, of whatever sect, is in the hands of men who take every possible precaution that the students do not diverge one iota from the standards of their sect. It any student or minister show an independent spirit, anta- gonistic to the accepted creed, prompt action is at once taken, the following, culled from a recent magazine, being a sample-" A methodist minister in Canada (Rev. J. Thompson), having embraced the doctrine of natural mortality and life in Christ only, was arraigned before an investigation committee of methodist officials and, suspended from the methodist ministry." Whether a doctrine is comforting or other wise depends upon the amount of reliance that can he placed on it. To say, as Prof. Mivart does, "even though they be in hell they will have everything they most desire," is an assertion that has no support either in reason or revelation; it is even more crude than that of the Red Indian whose highest aspiration is unlimited game in the happy hunting groundsof Elysium. Prof. Mivart would add to the pleasures of his hell for the savage an inexhaustible supply of his enemies' scalps. Men such as Jay Gould could have their desire in accumulating un told wealth and bursting up rival railway companies. The drunkard and glutton would be able to gratify their appetites without the painful results that follow their indulgence on this plane. To further illustrate its absurdity is needless. Prof. Mivart adds-" Nobody in Sheol will be in such torture that he longs to kill himself to get out of it." Here at last there is a glimmer of truth, which is more than can be said of the orthodox teaching on the subject. This, I sayon the authority of the Bible, which indeed is the sole arbiter on this matter. Before indicating wherein this gleam of truth consists, let us look at the doctrine from the theologian's stand point. We are told of an unfathomable abyss of fire, filled with malignant spirits, in which are reserved the most exquisite torments for those who have been displeasing to God in their mortal state. In the fore ground of this lurid picture, we shall see cursing fiends mocking the damned; men and women wringing their hands in eternal despair, and stretching away on all sides, and down to the deepest depth, a weltering ocean of blackness, fire, and horrible con fusion. We are told that God in his eternal councils of wisdom, justice, and mercy has de- creed this. Can any sane person believe this to be true ? In tens of thousands of pulpits, in thousands of reams of religious literature. and in training colleges and divinity halls it is held and taught throughout christendom. But I dare to assert it to be a sheer im possibility for the mind to grasp the true meaning of this dreadful doctrine, and reason retain its balance. It seems in credible that any human being, other than the most depraved and cruel, can believe there are myriads at the present moment in this state of conscious suffering-that the number is being continually augmented, and will go on and on without cessation through. out the countless cycles of eternity. Is it possible, I say, to believe this and yet go on in the regular round of life as if such things were not so? What a libel on the character of the good God. The effect of such teach ing drives the mass of thinking men into practical infidelity, accepting without per sonal examination these statements as being taught in the Bible. Orthodoxy again makes no allowance on account of heredity, environment or ignorance. It does not see that violence is done to the sacred principle of justice by its creed, consigning to eternal torments all alike who fail to obtain a saving knowledge of the truth. But this is a mere subsidiary issue to the main question, and will be exploded when the falsity of the parent error is shown. Still it may not be ou t of place to look at this doctrine in its naked deformity, and see in effect what its teaching amounts to. A child is born into the world. Its parets belong to the criminal class, they are habitual drunkards and adepts in every vice. Criminal instincts are transmitted to their offspring, whose very features are an index of latent de pravity, which as the child grows is duly developed by its surroundings. Now, though it goes without saying, that this child was brought into existence without its own will or consent, and reared in the midst of vice, with strong tendencies for evil, and withouthoving been brought under any effectual influence 'for good, still according to the teaching of the clergy, this poor wretch is doomed by the God of justice and mercy to everlasting sufferings in hell fire; and they think they are doing God service, that they are glorifying His holy name. They are themselves pitiful and kind, and would not give needless pain to the very lowest of animate creation, yet they ascribe to Him who is infinitely more compassionate, conduct that outstrips in its ferociousneus the cruelties of all human monsters combined. How can such a problem be solved ? Is it not patent we must examine another false doctrine of this spurious theology before we can understand how eternal torment for the wicked came to be regarded as Bible truth. That man has an immortal soul is the lie that has given birth to most of the errors of theology, and it may come as a surprise to many people when they are told it has no place in the holy scriptures. It is purely a pagan inven tion, which, were it relegated to the limbo of heathen mythology, eternal torment dogma falls to the ground. In the course of an address I listened to lately, the audience were told that "God breathed into the clay (Adam) a portion of his own immortal essence," and so the scripture is distorted. In Genesis ii, 7, we read-" And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and man become a living soul" (Hebrew -nephesh chayah). The very same terms are applied to animals and fish-"and to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth wherein there is (nepheoh chayah) a liviog soul." Also in the 20th verse, and God said, " Let the waters swarm with swarms of living souls" (nephesh chuyim), and in the 7th chap. 21-23 verses, man and beast are put on the same level " all in whose nostrils was the breath of the spirit of life .... died." If the breath of life made man to have an immortal, never dying soul, from the same premises follow \--and it cannot be evaded by any sophistry —the whole animal creation, even the most loathsome crawling reptiles have immortal, never-dying souls. " Ye shall not surely die," is the first recorded lie, and to this day its name is legion. God has said, ' the soul that sinnetih it shall die," but men who pro fess to be be His ambassadors, i.e., the clergy, say you will not die, you must live either in Heaven or hell. The inspired Apostle in his epistle to the Romans declares that they who seek for immortality by patient continuation in well-doing, God will give eternal life; but the preacher of to-day says every human being has received a life at the very inception of their earthly career that will never end that this life is the ego that must be spent in everlasting bliss or everlasting woe. Modern theology declares, good people,—the righte ous, when they die go to heaven ; but no such language is used in scripture. Of Abraham it is recorded in Genesis xxv, 8. " And Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years, and was gathered to his people" His people were heathen they were not in heaven, but in the grave where Abraham remains till the resurrection. Paul, speaking of Abraham and the righeous dead, says in Hebrews xi, 13. "These all died in faith, not having received the promises but having seen them afar off," also in the 39th verse. Then with regard to the wicked, the unenlightened and ignorant, the scriptures give no uncertain sound.— " As the whirlwind passeth, so is the wicked no more ; but the righteous is an everlasting foundation-Prov,. x, 25. "The wicked shall perish, the enemies of the Lord shall be as the fat of lambs, they shall consume; into smoke shall they consume away "-Psalm xxxvii, 20. And in the 49th Psalm we read, "Nevertheless man being in honour, abideth not; he is like the beasts that perish. Like sheep they are laid in the grave; (new version Sheol) death shall feed upon them, and the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning, and their beauty shall be for Sheol to consume, that there be no habitations for it. But God will redeem my soul from the power of Sheol. Man that is honour and nuderstandeth not, is like the beasts that perish." " They are dead, they shall not live, they are deceased, they shall not rise; therefore hast thou visited and destroyed them and made all their memory to perish"--Isaiah xxvi, 14. It will now be seen wherein was the glimmer of truth in Prof. Mivart's article when be states-" no body in Sheol will be in such torture that he longs to kill himself to get out of it." Not as he puts it certainly, but as the word of God declares—"There is no work, nor device; nor wisdom in Sheol, whither thou goest. Ece. ix, 10. It would extend this paper to too great a length were I to give more proof, but if any of your readers wish to follow up the subject I will be glad to render what assistance I can to enable them to do so. "Though there are some passages in Scripture which seem on the face of them to favour the popular belief, not one of them affirms that belief. The evidence they are supposed to contain is purely inferential; that is, they make cer tain statements which are supposed to imply the doctrine sought to be proved, but they do not proclaim the doctrine itself. Now, it is important to note this general fact to commence with. It is something to know that there is not a single promise of heaven at death, in the whole Bible, and not asingle declaration that man has an immortal soul ; and that all the supposed evidence contained in the Bible in favour of these doctrines, is so decidedly ambiguous, as to be open to dis putation as to its meaning. It is important, because the testimony in favour of the oppo site view is so clear and explicit that it can not be set aside without the grossest violation of the fundamental laws of the language. This consideration suggests an important principal of scriptural interpre tations, viz., that plain testimony ought to guide us in the understanding of what may be obscure. We ought to procure our fundamental principles from teachings that cannot be misunderstood, and harmonise all difficulties therewith. It is unwise to found a dogma on a passage, which, from its vague ness is susceptible of two interpretations, especially if that dogma is in opposition to the unmistakable declarations of the word of God elsewhere, (vide Christendom Astray, page 43.) That God will call to account both the just and the unjust is clear and emphatic, but to say that this applies to those who are pre cluded by circumstances such as heredity, environment and ignorance, from knowing the way of salvation, would be to cahage the righteous Judge with unrighteous judgment. Eternal life will not be possessed by any until judged worthy at the coming of the Lord in person, and subsequent to the first resurrection, and only those who have learnt the truth, and are therefore accountable, will be so judged. In conclusion, did time and space permit, I could have made out a stronger case against orthodoxy, by showing from its own stand points that a large section teach that not. withstanding heredity environment and ignorance, the Almighty has predestinated to endless torments numbers of his helpless creatures who cannot by any possible means avert their doom. I am etc., A. L. GALBRAITH. Traralgon, 8th May, 1893. 