POPULAR EBULLITIONS. The North of England and the little Kingdom of Belgium are at present the most disturbed spots on the map of Europe. The riots amongst the unionists at Hull have diverted attention from the unionist# of Ulster, whilst in Belgium the rejection of the Universal Suffrage Bill, has put the populace in such a ferment that were it not for the fear of breech loading or magazine riiles in the hands of a standing army, there would be a civil war, and King Leopold might have to go out as he came in,on the waves of a revolu tion. The troubles in Belgium are more complicated than those which are at pre sent agitating Hull and the chief English sea-ports. In England the dispute is over a question of wages.- If the dockers could be given a penny an hour more, there would bo au end to it. In ..Belgium, however, it began with a fight bobweea Conservatism and Liberalism the' rejection by a Conservative majority of the Chamber of Representatives of tho Belgian equivalent of the “ One man one vote ” I*ll, thence it suddenly-developed into an attack by the labor party upon capital, orders being issued for the closing of iron and coal mines and factories, but with what particular object the cable does not inform us. Unenfranchised Belgians most pUee an exaggerated value on a .mere vote for the election of one br two members of Parliament, if they think that the being denied it supplies them with the justification for throwing ~up their means of livelihood. Here, where w*e have had universal ..suffrage in oper afvon so long, the difficulty is rather to tho people to enfranchise thpmsoly.es. The) have to be whipped up by nows* papery and political organisations to do i tl»B,an. and if there were aiear of rioting hero in this .icolony on the subject it would not perhaps he so much because of an attack' made ort J universal suffrage, as that : Jit was proposed to make the exercise of the franchise idompulspry; The caliing out of Belgian from tlie .pipes’ and.; factories, in\ordor to bring; pressure to-, bear on unfriendly majority in Parlia ment, is purely a new way pf cutting, p# one’s nose'* to spite Bub icho sotution the incident probably is that the labor unions in question were on the point of stri ding,and their leaders are en deavoring to’, hill two birds with one stones This little country,, which unril very recent yt iara* used to bo beld 'forth hy jwiitioal etV« sociology as a r instance of what (could be accom i the industry aud intelligence of Its a wanning popul-.; ation, lias of late been passing, through some vory; severe times. Wo have .been hearing nothing of tho small peiwanfc pro prietors, Math their intense'spade .culture, but have been learning a good deal of ; the Belgian ooflland iron in in err., and thb factory workers, their painfully lengthy Jipnrs of toil and their painfully small re muneration. Strikes, as a consequence,hayo been dealt with by the authorities Hot ns they are dealt with in the milder political ana social atmosphere of England,; by now and again imprisoning a few of the leaders, but by shooting down the men in scores. Both sides, however, are .more bitter towards each other than they arq in' the country bn the other sideof the Sea. Tho Mayor of Hull or tho Lord Mayor of London has not yet been beaten with sticks through the streets as the Mayor of Brussels was a couplo of days ago. .an incident like this show's how deeply infuriated tho Belgian are. The point at which the State- itself- is in danger must bo within measurable dis tance when such things as this can bo done. We all remember how agitated things wore in these colonies during iho •Maritime strike and on a few other oc casion?, but a state of a flairs in which one part of the programme was the flogging of the Mayor of Melbourne or Sydney through the streets was happily a- very long way off* The mystery to an Aus tralian in reading about the labor strikes of tho old world is how the people .con trive to exist -when for week after week they are *' out,” It is ns great a mystery as how the chronically insolvent Turkish Government can when attacked by Russia maintain a long and deadly and costly struggle. Lancashire mill hands to the number of fifty thousand were “ out” for three mouths before they went back ; the Hull dockers and seamen have been on , strike for a good many days and are now inviting the dockers of tho other English ! ports to join them in a general attack on the Ama’gamated Shipowners Associa tion,and, though tho figures are not speci- Tically given, something like 50,000' Bol gian-workers appear havo obeyed tho., commands of' their leaders. How they are supported, where they , and their , families get a bit to eat from, is a puzzle which tho average Australian has not the raoam of solving. Wc are told that when f these men are in constant work they da not earn sufficient to provide themselves with a sufficiency of food and plothing I and house-room, and we know that the j only trades organisations they caii call [ on to assist them with strike contribut [ ions are composed of members as poor ns themselves. The explanation perhaps is I that in those over- populated countries the difference between being on strike, and in receipt of regular daily wages is not so pronounced os it is in these more happily circumstanced colonies. ' Fourth Page. —Tho] following additional redding matter will bo - found on tbb fourth page:—Mining News and Notes, Melbourne Gossip, Engines and Enginedrivcro, .The Coming Woman. ■ To-day’s Events.’—Ray wood Police Court, 2p.in,; Mr. L. H, Brien’s afternoon class opens 3 p.m.; Eight Hours’ committee meet 7 p.m.; social, Woodstock State-school; social, Royal Hall ; Sandhurst Lodge U.A.O.D. meet B’p.m.; Mr. Snazollo, Theatre, 8 p.m.; Cyclorama. One of the Premier Permanent Murphies, “Patrick J,." of that ilk, was before the Mel bourne City Bench yesterday for violently abusing a constable. Ho pleaded his old Premier Permanent excuse of drunkenness, and was fined 20s. Government Retrenchment and the Warden’s Court.— ln reference to a para graph in yesterday’s issue relative to the alleged want of an assistant clerk at the Warden’s Court, Mr. Leader says that how ever well meaning, the reporter entirely mistook tho purport/)! his remark in the court on Monday while ho was taking down the evidence in a case before the court. Mr. Leader adds that ho made no complaint, nor did ho express any disapproval of the policy of tho Government. Buoh a thing was not in bis mind. He is only, ho too pleased to tako tho depositions of witnesses. He thereby ensures their accuracy,' and time and expense are both saved. Tho remark mode to counsel was a request to submit the evidence to tho court os succinctly os possible for tho reason as expressed, that, owing to, the re trenchment policy of the Government no assistance was at present available, and that as the warden was taking ■ down tho evidence himself, ho aid not want tho trouble, of .re- writing it. Mr. Busst used! take the depositions in bis capacity as Warden's clerk; But Mr, Busst is also Mining Registrar, and as such bis time is fully occupied. It is entirely Mr. Loader's wish that ho occasionally relievos Mr.. Busst from.attending in the Warden Court. It has been pointed out to- us that the duties of. Warden's clerk ought not to, and -do not take up the time'of ono clerk, and therefore the Warden's dork, as such, requires no assistance. If he requires assistance, in bis business as Mining Registrar (an office which is outside tho department and paid by fees), he is free to procure suob assistance for himself. Bo far from complaining, Mr. Leader heartily approves of the policy which refuses to find assistance, at the public expense, in the office of tho Mining Registrar. The subject being one which involves matters outside the department Mr Loader, in - con clusion, says he feels that ho is at liberty in' making these explanations. Victims of Misplaced Confidence.— Yesterday afternoon tho sly grog sellers, con victed a few days ago at Mildura and soh tenccd to terms'©! imprisonment ranging from two to eight {months, wore received' in the Bendigo lock-up en route.for the Castleraaine gaol. Thoir names are F. Gray, A, Davis, H. Dunbar. Ah Lun, Ah Chung, Quong Lee, G. Gardiner, aud a woman named' Munn. Another woman is also undor sentence for a similar offence, bat she became'so. ill - on the journey that; she had to bo left at Easton, on the other side of Swan Mill. A party of local Si mot tho prisoner on thoir arrival at the go station, and assisted Constables Downes and O'Donnell, of Mildura-in con ducting' them , to the lock-ap. They wore taken on to Costlemaine by the 7 p.m. train last night. Ministers’ Association. —7 he . monthly mooting was hold at (he Rev. E. W. Nye’s residence, Forest street, yesterday. Present— Tho Revs. E. W. Nye (in the chair)j, Taylor,. Thompson, Tregear, Cole, Proven, Jolly and Potter,and Major Westberg (Salvation Army). Tho sub committee appointed to bring under tho notice of the authorities “certain well known channels of vice" (tho. frequenting of tho Camp Reserve,.etc., by young people at; night)' submitted a recommendation to the effect that tho police authorities and tho .City . Council should bo consulted ip reference to; the matter. . This suggestion was ptl opted aud further action loft in tho bands of tho sub - committee. Tho question of estab lishing an undenominational refuge ia ■the city - was deferred '‘until the next mooting. In tho nioaniimo it is in tended to apply to -the condeotors of the homes at Hobart wjd Ballarat for information. regarding such work, Major Westberg pro- niisud to I’arni'ii tiph Army rescue ~work.i,' Oh tMs '^jrnihg% ; to 1 .hand Jt is to : aboipce the co-operation ortho leaders of all donomlna tions, and to hold a public. Meeting; aud .adopt, Various means of . raising funds. The Rev. A. Jolly, the newly appointed Wesleyan minister to tho Eagle hawk circuit, and tho Roy. Messrs. Cole' -and Proven (the now Primitive Methodist ministers at EaglobawJf aud Re'ndigo.respect-, ably) were introduced' and wplporood as mem.--; bars of the association. r By iovitstioif if. was : decided' to bold the next meeting at thp ro-; sidonco ot the Rev. C. -Tregear, Long ...Gully. i v.Thb New Arcade; —Tnis rb«mt‘ addition to. tho city’s principal ' buildings will ih all probability bo out; of the contractor's harids.and .ready for occupation in a month— about eight weeks before the' expiration ,p£ the pontraat time. i Whch complete the build ing will be a substantial and ornamental ono. EiaHx' versary is to bo celpbmthd ph-Friday hoxt by > picnic ld. Marpng.{■{ ; WitbCflnb' large gathering- may be : ej pedted.; : The lpcajifcy/: chosen .is. ono;: of ;h»oyt "popular:'menlp grounds 'io. after the'iato rains to tuo iiburhtand- {of*. rooms The Gommittop havp fixed tho firica*' of tickets very low, nariolV^r-Adnlts,■ com Bendigo Zs, and ron Isfidfropj Bondi go an alsfro nvEogl ohaw W - The refreshfeeht .bootu-ls. a iadiiP^ getioally worked ip ./mljbcting proyisions,. ib&rpip; ottendbd to;iir fch hr particular..; ;j^^|^er,:parr. tieulsrs are. advertised restive; .tp{ Xhb In coo hbotion ri I versoVVj v‘ h 'd6bble;biH^will^lW■^;Rr^H^-%iS?•■ r iw^VJ , Princess ' Theatre on M on P The -first part will consistof a concert, nnd, the second, of a lecture by. Mr, W. A. Tron* with, M.X?. The proceeds Aw to bo devoted ■ (td tlio building fund "of the' local Trades Hall. Gm Pouoe Court.—Mosers. Anderson, Hoskins, and Dr. James Boyd, J s.F,, ) .'attended yesterday, The following debt easos woro disposed of ;—D, Watson v. J; Colin, £8 7s 2d, vordiofc, with £1 As coats; - Andrew and Son v. G. A.’ Knight, goods; £® Bs » verdict, with 15* 6U costs; W. Nicholls v. A. Clapton, £ll7s Bd, verdict, with Ss costs. Two young men, James and Alexander Hardie, on u charge of criminally assaulting a girl under ago, were remanded to Pyramid Hill, lii winch locality the offence I*. alleged, to have-been committed, till to-morrow morn* mg. '.George Thompson, charged with forgoiy, was" remanded till Thursday. A lapatia was committed to the Kew Asylum. ABour.—A horse attached to a boggy bolted yesterday morning from near the Wu* liamaou street railway gates. It appears that the animal, which belongs to Mr, W. Budden, was 16ft standing in the street by one of Mr, Budden’s travellers, and it became frightened at. something on tho road and down the stroel as far os the Moll, where Jt was captured. Luckily, no poison was injured, and -neither (lid horse nor vehicle was damaged. The Louvered Trucks.—The recent trouble between the Railway Department and Mr. Peter Ellis, of the Bendigo Rolling Stock Works, has, it seems, not yet been settled. On Monday evening work was suspended on the louvred trucks, and about 50 men had thus to be knocked off. The matter has now been referred to the Minister, and in a day or two Mr. Ellis expects to see all difficulties removed and work resumed. The contract is now nearly finished. Litigation Between auctioneers. Amongst the civil cases set down for hearing at the Assize Court on Wednesday next is one of L. Macpherson, Sternberg and Cos. v. Yeo, Taverner and Cos. for the recovery of £3OO damages for alleged illegal conversion of stock. Tho case arises out of a dlsput6 ns to the ownership of some sheep and oaitlu in tho insolvent estate of - Mr. Mclvor, farmer, of Macorna, over which in part mortgages ivoro at different times executed by *both parties. Messrs. Kennedy and Woodward are engaged for the plaintiffs. Benevolent Asylum Lying-in Hospital.—The weekly meeting 6t tho com mittee was bold yesterday. Proaoot—The vice-president (Mr. J. D. Crofts) in the chair, Messrs. W. Davis, J. R. Goodisson, D. B. Lazarus, and the hen. see. (Mr. H. Birch). 34 applicants wove awarded aid by ordeis on stores, 20 in kind from the institu tion. Aid in I case was deferred, and in 6 cases aid' won discontinued. - Reports'jvoro 'received from visiting committee, medical officer (Dr. J. D. Boyd), 7 superintendent (Mr, J. S. MMcIlroy), und collector (Mr, J. C. Stamp), 270 distributions wore mode outdoor during tho week to families, oon«ist ing.of 305 adults and 126 children,.and there are la the institution 157 males, 27 females, 2 lyingdn patients, 2 infants - total, 188, . The Assize Court opens on Wednesday next, probably before Mr. Justice Hood. The list of cases is lengthy, and includes two or throe oivil actions. The prisoners at present in gaol awaiting trial are:—Chas. Seward, maliciously setting lire to a fence at Axodalo; Thos. Jostlear, stealing a watch and chain at Daylosford; Wm. S. Pearce, em bezzlement at Eaglohawk; Mirada Giovanni, attempted murder at Tronibam. There are soveral otbors to be tried who aro on bath Amongst tho civil actions is one of W. Holland v. J. Glen for £IOOO damages for malicious prosecution, and 'one Of H. J. Speed, grazier of Norlhwood Park, near Seymour, v. Martin Lyons, farmer of Spring Plains, Hcathcote, for the recovery of £SOO alleged to bo due on a promissory note. The defendant counter claims on an alleged partnership agreement. Another Ex-Agent-Qener al Assaulted. —There is a singular coincidence from Tas mania. It occurred about tho same hour as the ex-Victorian Agent-General was being maltreated in Melbourne. A Launceston cor respondent soys; A fracas , occurred ot Parattah railway station on Monday. Mr. Douglas, Chief Secretary, late Premier, and ex-Agont-Geuoral, who was a passenger by the express, whilst in the refreshment room was accosted by Mr. Norman Cameron, son of tho lato Donald Cameron,.who accused .Mr. Douglas of having said something deroga tory of bis father. Mr. Douglas said it was untrue, and Cameron thou struck him- a violent blow on tho oye knocking him down. On rising, Mr.- Douglas, who is 73 years of age, closed with bis assailant, but the specta tors separated them. Mr. Douglas, excepting a black evened a out brow, sustained-no serious injury. Signs of a Revival.—Whilst there aro not wonting signs that a general revival in the values of real estate iu tho city and suburbs is at hand, there is tho more satis factory and definite intelligence still to re cord (hat tho demand for country property is oven more brisk. - The books of tho leading auctioneers' show that purchases of suitable properties in country districts are taking place with an activity that indicates a certain revivial of trade in the country districts, and gives eloquent proof that a large sootlon of people have become convinced of tho value of decentralisation, fh tho majority of oases the country properties purchased within the past few weeks have boon taken up by. former dwellers in cities, whilst even within/the 'suburban radius building-land'- is lieing' con verted into agricultural holdings, from which, in many cases, it , should never have been diverted. About Bendigo and - Ballarat there appears to bo a special demand for good agricultural land, whilst the building trade is active in both towns, owing to the number of shops and business promises that are in course of erection; Tho values of country properties compare most favorably with those (hat pertained during the same period of last year, or oven two years ago.—Age. Masonic.—The Zenith Lodge held its usual monthly meeting last evening. There was a very largo attendance, including several visiting brethren. -The annual election of worsbipfui-nmstor took place, and Bro. J. J. Marsh was chosen. The installation of Bro. Marsh and his officers will take place in about four weeks. Accident to a Boiler Maker. An ncci-- dent which may yet bo attendod with serious results, yesterday bofol an employe of Messrs. Roberts and Cos., named George Stanbridge, a man of about 34 years of ago. He was carrying a piece of boiler plate when be stumbled. The plate fell on him,.inflicting a wound on tho chin and an abrasion on the cheek, besides causing blood to flow from his loft ear. He was taken to Dr. J. D. Boyd’s surgery .where his injuries were dressed and thou to bis borne in Queen street. Tho doo'or ordered that ho be kept os quiet as possible for a couple of days till tbq extent of tbo j injury to the oar con be defined. It may bo either a fracture of the skull or of tho ear drum. Stationmasters Messrs. Wills and Sin- clair, tho stationmasters at Ballarat and Bon. digo, who have received notices that they must retire from tho railway service, arj not to leave immediately. They will be retained at their _ posts ponding thocOnvonienco' of tho commissioners, tho understanding being, however, that they must'go before the 30th Juno —Age. • “ Mitchell's Newspaper Directory for ; 1893 ..(its 48th annual issue) is to hand from (lho Rod Lion Court, Fleet street, j London. It is an advertiser’s guide, and 'contains particulars of every newspaper, ; magazine, review, end periodical, published in tho British lslee, also of thoasauds of news papers, eta, publishadon-,the Continent, in . America, India, and the British colonies. It is a. most interesting oompilation, if for no other reason than showing that wherever on •the earth at present a few hundred, civilized beings have gathered they ipust have .their, local uowspappr. In the , British Isles 2268 papers are published, namely in London, 459, • in the English provinces 1303, iu'Wulos 102, in Scotland 214, in,lreland 166, and in the smaller islands, around ;Great : Britain 24. r The , Value op “ Expert” Evidence.— i ®r6ra tbp statement to an: Argus reporter .pf arjurymoh -engaged oh Wo iPaVlfeKClaflro case' it would appenv : that > a brief-inspection of-the documents and a comparlsoh' of the various I signatures sufficed to convince the jury that the onaorsoojents on the promissory notes for £2,000 and £B,OOO which wore in dispute aro genuine. The theory 's® ipgpniously built up by the exports ..that tho signatures had been copied from a genuine signature on tire ‘-•'rev Tease’-’-. In the possession of the plaintiff was shattorpJ by contact with hard fact. The forgeries would cot fit on to tho supposed original nor on to etiph other. They differed from' each other in tho-longfch of the whole and the -.size and shape, of various letters! The jury .preferred Wo‘ ipslimony of their own eyes- to tkst pf Dhd-oxporls.' Asfprtlio defendant, they oarae to Wo conclusion that ho did npt.roraeinber that ho bad written the endorsements. Mysterious Death near Swan Hill.— A magisterial inquiry was held at Swan Hill on Sunday last touching the death of a man whose body was found in the mallee. It appears that a settler named Henry Plant was searching for. his horses, and on approaching atank ho' discovorod the body. TUo police woro comrauhicated witb, and brought tbo remains into town. On being searched an account,. was fouhd ,on the deceased bearing the name of A. Hansen. An open verdict was rpturned, it being utterly impossible- to! d?6cdyor ivhttt means the inan" mot - hiVi doath owmjg tx>:Wo frightful state of decom position iQ Vvldph the body was found; Dr.! Mitchell is of opjnjoh that death took place ago. Stabbed in a Butcher's Shop.—a stab- bing case is reported to have taken place at Tingha ;(NT.S.W.) on Saturday night A- young man named Stortenbackor was in a bUteher.s ehop . scUling. an Ucoounk boing the' district, whotf-a young named Ward, entered and a?. | td do with Regard to her child, of which bo is the father. Hiß reply was evidently not. satisfactory, s« the J?S%iSd up •a-'ltnifo, and stsbhsfl W«. Tho wound, though a severe dno, i* not considered dangerous. . Stortenbacker ns. sorts that he accidentally ran against tho knife, hut tho girl baa boon taken into oas- SNAZELLE ENTERTAINMENT, -- Mr* Snazelle gave bis second entertainment in tno theatre lost evening to a very enthusiastic, and appreciative audience. The boose was crowded to excess, and it was noticeable that a largo proportion of the audionco consiated, of persona who very seldom visit the theatre. Mr. Snazelle’s songs and recitations .were received with Very much applause, - ana »n some instances ho had to respond to onceros.. Miss Snazelle sang “The Brook” and i She wore a Wreath of Roses," very nicely. Mr. Ivan Truegold, as pianist and organiat, was all that could ho desired, and bis performance on the piano when: blindfolded, and. with a tablecloth over the keyboard, was ex ceedingly clover.’ This afternoon at three o’clock there is to bo a matinee for the convenience of families and _ schools. , Children will bo admitted at half-price to ml parts of tho theatre, lu the evening on entire change of programme will bo -given.. Included in it will bo the garden soono from Gounod « “ Faust," with weird and mysterious ofleets; tho song. “ Rooked in the Cradle of the Deep," illustrated by views; tho recitation or N. P. Willis’s poem, “The Leper“ Gray » Elegy” (illustrated) ; “ Scenes of Bonny Soot land," and numerous humorous stories, intro-, dnoing “ Mr. .Tooes’s Awful Dream, with ghosts and secnio offeols. - ' A Horrible Stoby.—At the Colne Police Court on Monday, ft man named Charles Malhoff, a well-known farmer in the Yougher Valley, was presented on a charge of eriral nnlly assanltlog hie own daughter, a girl of 18 years of age. It is alleged that the offence has been going. on for years. The girl s mother died about six years ago. Ibe In formation was sworn by the girl on Friday , last, and Sergeant Beck effected the arrest next day. The accused was remanded till Friday next, bail being granted in two sureties of £IOO caeb. Insolvency Meetings wore to Imve been hold yesterday In tho OHtatei of William Schnellback, miner, and R. Crawford, brick layer, Bridge street. No creditors being pre sent, no debts were proved. University Extension • Lecture*!.—A meeting of the Provisional Committee was held in tho School of .Mines on Monday evening. There were eight members present; Mr. J. B. L. Mackay, in the chair. A com munication wait received from the Extension Board staling that tho Rev. J. Reid, secretary of tho Melbourne JJhokospeare Society, would bo prepared to deliver bln course on the “Four Great Tragedies of Shakespeare” at any time that would be convenient to the Bendigo ceotron. Reports wore banded in from various mom hers of committee as to the. result of a canvass, and it was found that there were almost sufficient names to guaran tee tbo financial success of a new course, and as there remains till next . Monday evening to finally decide tbo matter and to got further names, it was recommended that tbc above course bo selected by tho subscribers to begin early ia. May, and that the lectures be held weekly, probably on Wednesday evenings. Should tbo subscribers at next Monday's meeting decide to adopt tbo recommendations of tbo committee, it is probable that the flr-it lecture will lake place on cither Wednes day. the Btb, or Wednesday, 15th May. In another place ladies and gentlemen who have not been canvassed, and who wish to join, are requested to forward their names to the secretary, or to any member of committee on or before Monday evening next, or attend at the School of Mines on that evening. “ Maseeh" Ladies’ Dresses. -Ladies who indulge in the luxury of importing dresses from the best makers in Paris ana London are just now a source of trouble to tho Cus toms department. They are wise . enough to present no invoices When passing their cos tumes through the Customs, and throw the onus of valuing, them for duty on the Customs officer's,who have boon in the habit of valuing them on tho basis of tho. local rates. The local costumiers ore loud in the complaint that dresses made in foreign countrics ebould be assessed for duty at less than their proper value—an admission that the foreign dresses are more valuable thah the local productions —and in order to appease the complainants tbo 'Customs department has decided' to classify every dress not accompanied by the invoice as a dross made by Worth. This will no doubt appal the ladies, but there is yet hope for them if they will only send a deputa tion from their' number attired ip Worth’s costumes to interview the Minister. Mr. Campbell is. not credited With being sus ceptible, but it is impossible to say what he would do under such circumstances.—Argus. Administration is being applied for of the estate of John Neville Cullen, farmer, of Hayanmi, who died intestate on the 21st February. His property is Valued at £6252 £4852 realty and £I4OO personalty. Tbo sur viving next- of kin entitled to share in the distribution of the. estate ore nine children. The Weather.—The results of meteoro logical observations taken at the observatory, School of Mines, yesterday, were:—Barome ter, at9n.ni;, 29.250 in.; at 3 p.ra., 29.240 in. Temperature of air in shade, 9 a.m,54°. Pabr. ; at 3 p.m., 65°. Fahr. Highest tem perature. in shade, 65i°. Fahr. Highest temperature in sun, 126° Fahr. -Lowest temperature during previous night, 49°. Fnbr. Rain during last 24 hours, *O3 of an .inch. Direction of wind: E,.; force, light air. Cloud.: £of sky, cirro-cumulus. Remarks on weather; One half clouded. The readings at Mr. Credgington’,s yes terday wore; Thor., 9 n.m., 65° ; 12 a.m-, 65° ; 3 p.m,, 67° ; 6 p.m., 60° ; amx, 68° ; min., 47°. Barometer, 9 a.m., 29.53 ; 6 p.m., 29.55, . A special moating of (ho Sandhurst Lodge D.A.O D. will bo hold at (ho European Hotel at S o’clock this evening. . ' Mr. L H. Brien's dancing class will b » hold this afternoon in tho Masonic Hall at 3 o’clock. Mr. Brien will be in attendance from 2 p.m. to enrol members. To-day, at 1 o’clock, on the promises, Panton street. Golden Square,' Messrs. James Andrew and Cos. will sell freehold properly, piano, horse, and buggy, household furniture, .etc, .on account of Mr. S. Moore. At 12 o'clock to-day, Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Cos. will hold a clearing sulo of household furniture aud effect*, buggy, etc., on the premises,/‘Wil minlon,” Williamson street; aiid at 2 o'clock the freehold allotment rn which is ere .ted a seven roomed weatherboard house, under instructions from Mrs, Alice Welch. 