Criliclsiliiff tlifli Spirits Tiie -writer of " l?ugitivo Notes" in tho S. JU". HeraM, alluding to Mr. Cyril Hnvilimd's romark ablo letter, says:- ' ."What a olutiisy way tho spirits have of negotiat ing business ! Fancy anybody hoping to deal,-and introducing himself by pitching stones at tho other; fellow's house. It shows such a povorty of inven tion on tho part of the disembodied spirit that do siros to introduce itself to Mrs. Hnrt nt Mucleah, that one forms n moan idoa of the condition of tiling's existing in tho! spiritualists' land of shades.. Tho intentions of tho ghost may bo entirely up-1 right, but how is Mrs. Hart to know that ? and if tho unmannerly spirit had any nous, or its mates woro not inoroly dolts, tlioy ought to know that suoh n roundabout wuy us this is not fit foroithor mim or ghost. It i« only ii Bumplo of-the .stupid way these spirits net, and during tho hundreds of years that some of thom liavo boon going about in un dress, they should surely huvo found some hotter way of talking to us in the flesh ; tlia n rooking'a table or tappiug the floor, or writing on slates iri such a superstitious way that wo can't bo stiro even that it is tlio spirits at all. At tlio rate thoy hnvo boon going wo shall huvo communication' opened with our cousins in Slurs' soouor than with a com munity that from their inournnto experiences must know ull about our little ways. Wo have been led to believe that this cumbrous body of ours.is a clog, on our intellectual activities; but if tlio removal of tho incubus leaves us us shiftless as these spirits iire, ono fails to see the udvnnco inado by shuflling off this mortal coil. Why, the horso or the dog knows bottor how to niako its wishes aud wants known to its master "thnn' theso blundering crouturos. We huvo heard of muiiy ecooutrio things dono by ghoits,' but wo novor heard bofore of suoh a stupid ghost as this one, that can thiulc of no batter way of telling its little story to Mrs. Hart than by heaving sixmos at her ruofi" .. 