g U m t s e m m t g * .••• THifATRE ROYAL. Life for Life" drew big houses every night during the week, and Friday evening was no exception to the rule. . "THE DOUBLE EfENT." To-night the sporting drama " The Double Event," which is said to be more coherent and consecutive than most of Mr. Darnsll'a dramatic creations, will be presented. MA Darrell is a past master in the art of Btagiog his plays realistically^ and thiB drama, in which the " noble animal" plays a prominent part, is not likely to prove an exception. The drama opens in a betting-room, and ib appears that a prospective Baronet, a Richard Mare ton Darrell, has loBt heavily, and that his only chance of retrieving himself is by winning the double with his horse Caloola. He is engaged to Edith Kingdon, daughter of a high-minded bookmaker. Marston has just discharged his trainer, Tiger Fletcher, keeper of a gambling- house, and this is where the trouble begins, for the dismissed servant resolves, in revenge, to "nobble" Caloola, upon which his owner stands to win £35,000. In The Tiger's lair is to be found " Daisy, a mystery," a handsome woman with elegant tastes. She lives under The Tiger's roof as a decoy to rich youog fools who go there to be fleeced of their money at cards. One of these, Lord Mayfield, falls in love with her, proposes, is accepted, marries her, and takes her to his aristocratic mansion at Toorak, a proceeding resented by " The Tiger." Another member of hu establishment is Nellie White, who is ticketed " a curiosity," a barmaid or waitress, who spends most of her time in talking to a brainless admirer named Tommy Notes, or in chaffing and mimicking a Jewish blackleg, named Solly Yates, an elderly married man, who pursues Nellie with his secondhand love. Between the first and the aeoond act the Derby has been run, and Caloola has been the winner, and The Tiger, who has backed the aeoond favourite for the Cup, iB resolved tofrastrate Marston's hopes of securing the double event. He tries to bribe the jockey, but fails to do so. By means of a duplicate key he obtains admission to the stable enveloped in a white garment, so as to scare both the horse and the stableboy, who sleeps in his loosebox. He drugs the boy, injects a poison into the horse's hoof, and then steals away, but is observed and mistaken for a ghost by Miss Kingdon. The screams of this fair lady alarm the house hold, and the startling disoovery is made that Caloola has been tampered with, and Smirk, a Sydney detective, is placed on the culprit's track. The great raoe is run in the third act, and the favourite is pronounced to be " fit" in spite of his poisoned hoof. As a last resource The Tiger falls upon his jockey and disables him. His new trainer, Ike Thurston, fresh from Yorkshire, volunteers to be his substitute, and wins the race in sight of the audience by a neck, to the consternation of The Tiger, Solly Yates, and the whole ring, and to the great delight of Marston, Kingdon, and others concerned, the curtain, falling on a scene which, when it is raised again, discloses the whole of the horses and their jockeys grouped together at the winning-post. In the la?t act Tbe Tiger appears a ruined, desperate, and reckless man, whose footsteps are dogged by the police, for the stableboy he has drugged is dead, and his only hope of escape from the colony is by extorting a large sum of money from Lady Mayfield, who is giving an evening fete at her mansion. He has a long and stormy interview with the lady, who refuses to pay him the blackmail he demands. After discharging a pistol, which wounds the detective, the Tiger effects his escape from the grounds, but is brought back and handcuffed. Meanwhile, in honour of Caloola'e victory, a " blue ballet" is danoed, in the midst of which the principal ballerina appears to be suddenly girdled, crowned, and otherwise decorated with electric jewels, and the curtain falls. 