CHAPTER VII. A TERRIES AND A PRIME MINISTER. Somebody has given Felicia an Irish terrier. It is very intelligent dog. It will give three cheers — that is to say, bark — for Mr. Gladstone. It will die, with one eye open, for Mr. Parncll. It will growl for Mr. Balfour, and sits up and sings — that is, howls — when you play « Kathleen Mavourneen.' It does ttie, same when any other air is played, but, as Felicia says, that is because its ear for music is faulty and it takes all tunes for ' Kathleen Mavourneen.' I am much the same myself. Felicia says I only know two tunes ; one is ' God save the Queen,' and the other isn't. That is not quite true, for I know the ' British Grenadiers,' but it pleases Fe licia to say so. It is a very nice .terrier and used to bo very kind to our kitten. It' has taken Circumstances under its especial charge. Its name is Daniel O'Connor, and its friends call it Dan. It only answers to the name when thcro seems to be something to be gained by it. It is true patriot. I doubt if it poos its tricks out of pure unmixed .patriotism, though I would not for the world mention this suspicion to Felicia, for it will not perform unless there arc Biscuits about. It is wonderful how quickly the street people have awakened to our change of politics. Instead of files of flower-girls with primroses, there are beggar tramps now, of both sexes, all with long storios of woe and brutal landlords. ' Succour to the oppressed Irish ' appears likely to figuro as largely in Felicia's account book as ' Primroses ' U3ed to in the old days. Apart from the question of prin ciple, 1 am not sure that I do not prefer the primroses, but oE courso one must let nothing stand in the way of prin ciple. Circumstances' lungs are a marvel. He is giving evidence of them now It is not easy to understand him, but I fenr mum uaii uu iiliuu uuuui uuui* iiu is making hso of very bad language. I cannot think whence he can dorivo this tendency. Felicia, as I have said, is so careful of her words that she will not even refer to Lord Dunraven's Commit tees by their ordinary names, but calls them, with nico delicacy, ' perspiring comirtitteea.' And if I do swear somn times, I do not believe I am a bit worse in this respect than my neighbors, and really I do not think their children make use of the appnling expressions that ours does. The one consolation, as Felicia says, is that she is able to detect a strong Irish accent — she objects to my calling it ' brogue ' — running through it. Feli cia has a wonderfully fine car for delicate inflexions. I admire our nurse immensely. All political storms pass by her and leave her standing unshaken and serene, with Circumstances in her arms, in a way that reminds one of the Eddystoiio Light house. She i3 tho one thing in the %vorld, except black-bcetlcs, cows, ghosts, and burglars, of which Felicia stands in awe. If there is n, woman in the world in Bomo ways a» remarkable as Felicia, that woman is our nurse. Circumstan ces is singularly favored, I do not see how ho can fuil to grow up a very remarkable child and a very gifted man, I have great thoughts of beginning now to write his story, under the title of ' Thu Childhood of a Great Man.' Per haps, however, it would be a little pre rnatti ?o. He had already a very strong charac ter, r.nd a great fidelity to his youthful attachments. I have said that I believe his political attitude to be an absolute indilferentism — though he is by far the strongest Home Ruler in tho house — I mean our house, not the House of Com mons. Bnt certainly the most cherished possession that Circumstances has is a doll of salient features which, in what she calls her enlightened state, Felicia had christened for him Dizzy. And Circumstances' love for that doll is a perfect marvel. Nothing can disenchant him with it. Felicia has exhausted far more epithets than I could ever have believed her mistress of in maligning that doll's moral character, in pointing out how it physically offends every pos sible canon of a;3thetic taste — in fact, in calumniating it in a manner which lays her open to a charge of slander of the very heaviest kind. But do you think it makes a bit of difference to Circum stances 7 Indeed, no. He does but love poor ' Tizzy,' as he has learnt to call him, all the more dearly that Tizzy has no one else to be his friend. Felicia has tried to meet the exigencies of the case by re-christening him. She has tried calling him Gladstone and Parnell, but no — Circumstances will not have it. He still cries for Tizzy — it is almost the only word ho knows. It is very bitter for Felicia, but she is very bravo about it, and tries to bear it as she best can. She once took Dizzy away from Cir cumstances, but that did not last long. After all, a night's rest is more than politics, and there was no chance of any of us getting a night's rest until our Home Ruler had got back his ' Tizzy.' The only compromise that he has con sented to is that whereas he used to like to see Dizzy crowned with primroses, he now permits Felicia to wreathe him with shamrock, whenever she can get any. Dizzy makes no objection. Ours, is a semi-detached house. Luckily our next-door neighbors are very friendly. I wonder at it. Felicia play ing Irish melodies, with Daniel O'Con nor and Circumstances helping in the chorus, miiBt go through the sort of thing our builder calls a wall to some remarkable tune. They say affliction is good for one. Perhaps that is the light in which our next-door neighbors view it. I think Circumstances has some appreciation of the incongruity of wreath ing Dizzy in shamrock. I found him to-day sitting regarding the doll with a smile as inscutable as Talleyrand's. Circumstances has a strong sense of dry humor. (To be Continued). 