CORRESPONDENCE. THE EDUCATION QUESTION. To the Editor. Sir, After reading a letter in your issue of the 29th ult., signed " E. Tremayne Dun- stan," I really must confess that I fail to see what in the main it has to do with the question at issue now under debate in your journal. whilst I readily admit that the writer has a " conscience," I am hurt to find his "conscience" should be too much akin to the " nonconformist conscience " of which we have heard so much lately in ecclesiastical affairs in England. It lacks the ability to credit the advocates for the other side with a conscience and honesty of conviction, actuated more by principle-the principle of religion and religious liberty racher than seek- ing for a mere party triumph in the bands of habit, passion, pride and prejudice. Why Mr. E. T. Dunstan should attempt to lead your readers to infer that the Anglican clergy are devoid of a conscience," that they are actuated by sinister intentions and ignoble motives, and that they are wanting in honesty of conviction and lacking in uprightness in patriotism, is beyond my "infinitesimal" comprehension. Of course there are peculiar Anglican priests, as there are eccentric Congregational preachers. Bub upon what authority Mr. Dunstan asserts, CI know that the conscience clause is often evaded in English parishes," he does not say. Will Mr. Dunstan have the goodness to. give the name of the clergymen and parishes in Eng- land in which the clergy are guilty of such dialog all by to the law ? If he declines he must expect us to take his statement as one of those jokes he is so fond of, in which he indulges the excruciatingly funny," or we must receive it cum grano salis. As a layman and also as a cleric, I claim to have some little experience of " English parishes," both town and country parishes, and if required I can give a list of schools in which both by clergyman and head teacher the conscience clause is most religiously observed. It is very easy for a man to recite fables to amos 3, as it is to distort statements by quotations severed from their context. Canon Groser contention is that our present system of education is not what has been called by some, a Godless education." But to the children the bible is almost a sealed book, since it is read under the prohibition of note or comment. Oar Roman Catholic friends, holding the views they do, embracing the liberal provisions of the Act, have established their own schools, for which they have teachers known as sisters and brothers, who in their religious vows devote themselves to scholastic work in which their own religious teaching forms a considerable part. Very recently the London School Board granted the request of the Roman Catholics that the children attending the Board schools should receive in school hours, religious instruction by an authorised teacher of that church. With the Roman Catholics we claim that the present system in vogue in this colony is an attempt at the neutrality of non- sectarian teaching which fails to impart instruction and moral influence by discipline, and prayer, and interpretation, to enable children to rise up to a recognition of their duty towards God, and their duty towards their neighbour. All we ask is to have the liberty of giving' religions instruction to our own children of the church, on the lines of the New South Wales Act, which has stood the test of time, and proved to be the solution of this difficult problem. We claim that education, to deserve the name, must be moulded in every part by the word and gospel of Christ. To train immortal souls to live for God here, and to live with Him hereafter, to profess to believe the gospel and to aim only at some lower object, is folly and insanity. All we plead for ourselves we ask for all other religious denominations, viz., that the whole course of education shall be leavened with the great truths of religion, and taught by the recognised Christian teachers to the children of their own particular creed or persuasion to check the tide of indifference to religion and practical unbelief in the Incarnation and Divine Mission of the Son of God to instil into the minds of the young the principles of temperance, sobriety and chastity, because as the baptized are admitted into the fellow- ship of Christ's religion their bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost to teach them " the good knowledge of God," to obey and use the ordinances and sacraments of Christ, and that it is righteousness that exalteth a nation. States are bound to educate, and the education must be religious. Religious faith cannot, without sin and logical inconsistency, be excluded from the code of a nation pro- fessedly ehrisJan, or be opposed by religious teachers. By religions education I understand the great doctrines, precepts, and hopes of the Gospel, and surely no one can reasonably claim that bible reading " with out note or comment" in religious instruc- tion where Christ and His divine precepts and salvation hold the foremost place. A population without any definite religious belief-only intellectually educated, skilled, urged by class jealousy, paid agitators, by unhealthy literature, unscrupulous men such a population is a danger. The danger is not imaginary. The train is laid, and hundreds believe that wealth not accumulated by a man's own hands is a wrong done to the whole community. The mutual responsibilities of labour and capital are ignored and denied, and a tyrannous secularism is honey- combing the working classes to the detri- ment of those classes, and now that we are within measurable distance of a change in our education system churchmen and truly religious nonconformists should stand side by side and demand that in a new Education Act a child shall, on the lines of the New South Wales Act, receive definite religious instruc- tion in Divine truth in order that the seeds of virtue and the fear of God shall be sown in the mind, and not an education which may be the means of our downfall. ' I have read somewhere nations left to themselves advance from barbarism to courage, from courage to conquest, power, luxury, effeminacy, and then to the last stages in the melancholy drama decay, doline, extinction." We may have a delicacy about wounding con science s in teaching distinctive religion and morality, but I remember reading a story of a father who had scruples of conscience as regards teaching his child to pray. The child met with a fractured leg, and whilst the physician was performing the operation the child cursed and swore. The physician turned to the father and said, "If you have a point of conscience as to teaching your child to pray, it is self-evident that Satan has no such delicate scruples about teaching him to ours." As a people we ought to be deeply concerned for the moral, religions and eternal welfare of the young of this fair land, and the sole aim and intention of the clergy of the Church is to " raise the people up to God." Charges are often brought against the clergy of clerical domination, intolerance, bigotry and dishonesty. But the abuse of the clergy is the stock-in-trade of a certain party. The priests of the Church who advocate giving " bread to the children and are called " prosely traders," and those who claim the rights of religious liberty are called " persecutors." If to win souls from sin to give a satisfactory answer to the questions, " Whence and?" " Whither am I going ? " " What is to guide my inner conscience and life ? " be to do this, we clergy dare to brave the obloquy and aspersions cast upon us. If to claim that the Bible shall be intelligently taught in accord with the New South Wales Act, brands me a " proselytism," and to advocate that the children of the church shall receive from their own parish priest definite religious teaching places upon me the stigma of "bigotry," I am prepared to pay the penalty of my claims and advocacy for that righteousness which is the exaltation, peace, welfare, honour, and good government of my adopted country. Whatever may be the statements of politicians for party purposes, or the utterances of sectarian disputants, whether upon honesty i of coHvictiom or ulterior motives, we church- | men have a high and responsible obligation to fulfil the ' 'establishment of God's truth, not in abstract doctrines and mutilations, but; in the reality of its application to the beats and con- sciences of those who receive instruction in our State schools, " to do justly, love mercy, and walk humbly with thy God," and whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye also unto them, according to the standard of truth, liberty, and love. A former correspondent has made come reference to the country districts, in which the provisions of the New South Wales Act, if adopted, could only be accepted by the Angli- can clergy. Granted it is so. We shall only be permitted to give instruction to our own children, and for the sake of a groundless su epic on the majority are to be denied because of the very small minority of non- conformist children, and the absence of a resident preacher of the sectarian creeds. Is this fair P Is it generous ? Is it religions liberty? If we country pat sons are willing to undertake the labour, bear the expense of travelling to instruct our church children in the state schools in truth and light, in love and holiness, by what right of equity or justice shall our opponents in a very small' minority say " Nay " ? ' One thing more, and then I class We are informed that the nonconformist bodies "have every prospect of united action " to resist the " special religious clause of the New South Wales Act." Very well ! Forewarned is forearmed. Churchmen take note that by a peculiarity of Protestant sectarianism the UaUdl tactics will be resorted to in order to oppose the forward movement of the church in the social, moral, and religious welfare of our country. Your profession is to be tested and your loyalty put to the proof. Dare to be true to your principles and I fear not the issue. To those who are thus confederate I would respectfully ask them first to weigh well-the-results of such an united opposition and to consider after all whether in a mis- directed zeal their ambition will not lead them to " fight against God, of whom it is written for our destruction of humility and action, " In all thy ways acknowledge Him, and He shall direct thy paths." No Christian who seriously believes the doctrines that Jesus is God, that the death of Jesus is a world redeeming sacrifice, that the Eternal Spirit sanctifies the redeemed, that the Scripture is an inspired work of God, that the sacraments are appointed channels whereby we partake of the life of Jesus, can say that in himself these truths have petrified, or arrested, or stifled thought. Rather do they open out the widest views of the Divine character, and of the doctrines of man, and of the vast functions and profound interest of the natural world, so that at length the swiftest thought finds its utmost range exceeded, and pauses to cry out with the Apostle " O, the depths of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God." (Side door!) To train our children in this wisdom, to instruct them in this knowledge, to " remember their Creator in the days of their youth," is our sole motive and object in advocating the " special religions clause of the New South Wales Act." Opposition to this, fain would I believe, springs from honesty of conviction, were it not for the apparent un- kind things said of us and the ignoble motives attributed to us, the seeming attempt to ridicule with unbecoming levity, and the infliction of unnecessary pain by the scorn of sarcasm, which are sadly out of place in the debate of a question of this kind. Yours, etc., EDWARD S. CLAIRS. Northam, 1st July. 