Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London. July 18, 1893. My Deae CtABA, — I told you that London wis resting. Well, that rest has degenerated into collapse ! We have all been toiling through the 'Wedding March' for so long and in such various forms that we are tired to death. The1 calm has come after the storm. There is nothing left to us now but to 'talk it over,' and lassitude ' tind laziness prevail.*' We* have acquired that 'off' sort of feeling you get the day after you, have had a big dinner party* a reception, and a ball— when the house iB being, restored to its normal condition, and every body is out of the way in their own little particular sanctum sanctorum,' taking surreptitious 4Gb'^r, perhaps, 50 win±s,--Snd in a dazed, demoralised, apd generally done-rip condition. *'s.l i ? Did I tell you we went to the state perf oriti&ScB; of the opera ? No. 'Well we did, and it certainly was a most brilliant-show, but full of mtjving accidents and funny incidents. It poured Vith rain for one thing. Of course, we had to start very early to get there at all; for, in spite ''of J. Pluvius, Esq., being so much in 'evi- dence, the streets were dreadfully crowded. Papa had arranged with'* Sir 'Arris (they are effete chums you know) that we should stay in the -ves- tibule to see the Eoyalfcies pass. We had Bessie Stanhope, a country cousin (such a pretty girl), with *ue, and of course she was dying to see all the BightB, and particularly the ?' young people.' she wished to be quite close to them, but after all it was rather a failure, for lots of later people came in and stood before and in front of us. '. We had to wait some little time, and then came H.E.H. and on his arm was his mother-in-law, the Queen of Denmark, and, unlike the general run of ladies occupying that responsible and peculiar position, she smiled and looked pleasant. Yon see she had not come to stay! Close behind them was the King of Denmark, looking 60 handsome, and proud of the daughter he ' had on Ms arm, . H.B.H; . the Princess of- Wales, who was perf ectly * lovely in silver grey satin and diamonds. After them walked the two young princesses, dressed in white, wijih natural flowers in their hair, fastened with diamond stars; and they were followed by the D.rike pf Yorlr, the Czarewitch, and Prince Walde mar of Denmark. And poor Bessie was bo disap pointed, for we found out that Princess May and tfe 'whole Tecfe menage had arrived some time before. Of Course after the Royal party had passed— ifc was the usual thing — the mob moved after- them, and it was with some difficulty we got to our box. It was a wonderful sight. When we stepped to the front the band was just striking up ' Good Save the Queen,' and the whole audience were on their feet, and cheer upon cheer (well bred ones of course) rang through the theatre. Bessie's eyes were 'fixed on the bride-elect — this girl who had been picked out by fate for such a high destiny .The future Quean of England looked very nice. She wore a good deal of composure considering the occasion, and a pale blue brocade trimmed with, frills of satin in pale blue pink and green, scarcely any jewellery; but, her mother, the Duchess of Teck, was covered with diamonds. In fact it is now quite the proper thing to put on as many as you possibly can get by hook or by crook. Fancy, you not only have tiaras, and bracelets, and rows upon rows, in fact rivers of them, round your neck; but you positively have a girdle (if you can get it) of diamonds. The Marchioness of Lon- ' donderry (in white) and Lady Brooke (in pink) were conspicuously adorned in this fashion. The house looked magnificent. Eopes upon ropes of roses — real, not paper ones — were festooned from' box to box, and there were upwards of 600 bou-' quets. All the roses that Covent Garden could' possibly beg, borrow, or steal were there. It is calculated that more than 100,000 blooms were in the theatre that night. Nearly all the men were in levee dress, and lots of them seemed dreadfully uncomfortable. The ' Yeomen of the Guard ' were on duty, and looked very picturesque. Some people took them for ' Beefeaters/' but it was not eo. The Royal box (formed by five or six: boxes being thrown into one) wan draped with -fluted white silk, and made into a perfect bower by garlands of roses and orange blossoms; and the electric light peeped out in the prettiest manner from deep down in the hearts of the roses and the cups of the calla lilies. The opera was Gounod's 'Romeo and Juliet,' with Melba and Jean de Reske, but nobody seemed to pay attention to the performance, and there was a buz, and a chatter, and a rustle, and a flutter all through the evening. The ordinary ?' bill of play ' waa on white satin, with the portraits of the Royal pair; and the ' books of the opera ' were gilt edged, and bound in white vellum. There was a fearful trouble to get away. The rain came down in torrents. We waited more than an hour, and then we had to tramp out in the mud and wet, and I lost my temper, and Delia lost her shoes, and poor Bessie was frightened to death, and papa expressed himself in language of the strongest. Fancy, no carriageb were allowed within a mile of the place until the more than 40 Royalties and their multifarious, and polyglot entourage had departed nice and comfortable and dry. It is at Buch moments as these that you feel that democracy is not such a wicVed thing after all. Do ' you know that the weather has been bo fearfully hot for eo long a time that all the ladies of the creation have ' lassitude' and* all the lords have ?' liver.' There was a dreadful 'faux pas' at the] wedding. The Quean's procession was a little too ' previous, and when it arrived at Ambassadors' Court, horrible to relate, there was no one to receive her. Her Most Graciousness looked neither to the right nor to the left, but straight in front, and was not only rigid but frigid. One moment of dreadful suspense ; and then out, in a great state of perspiration and mental confusion, tumbled Lord Carrington and a mob of officials, and fell on their faces in the dust (metaphorically I mean), and were altogther so afflicted and so sorry that they quickly placated our Imperial and Royal and Only . One. They say the crowds in the street were hot— those crowds should have been in the corridor where, we, the ** standing up lunch ' guests, were penned for an hour and a half before we could get anything to eat, or, worse, to drink ; it was the superlative of hot. Some of the ambassadors were very indignant at the standing-up business, but Mr. Gladstone and Lord Salisbury did it, so I don't -see why they should grumble. Last Friday we -went again to Henley. It was delightful to get once more - on the river after the heat, and dust, and rush, and hurry, of the town. They say poof Lord Carrington has gone to bed for a week. Nobody but himself can tell what be has gone through these last few days — putting so many dignitaries in their places, and, worse than that, keeping them there. Also, that he has had so much walking backwards that it has turned his brain, and that he was with difficulty persuaded the other day to ascend the steps of, the club in the usual instead of .the unusual way* . \ ??? There has! been a great scene in the House. Mr. Dillon, in a speech made.Bome years ago, had threatened that when the Home Rule Bill was an established fact the Irish leaders wonld mark down 'the enemies of the people ' for punishment. Mr. Chamberlain called this speech ' a brutal out rage,' and demanded from the hon. member an explanation. After thinking it over for 10 days Mr. Dillon came down to the House and said when he made those remarks, his blood was boil ing over with the memories of the massacre at Michelstown, when those innocent men, ' as inno cent as any man who sits in this House,' were shot down by the police. Mr. Chamberlain, with admirable patience, waited till the explanation was finished, and then pulverised Mr. Dillon by declaring ' the speech was made in December, 1866\. The massacre at Michelstown was in 1887.' A thrill— a silent thrill — ran through the House, a thrill of Tory joy, and Glad stonian horror. Everybody was speechless. Mr. Dillon sat crushed in an agony, and as white as a ghost, and the G.O.M., who dislikes breakdowns of this or in fact of any sort, sank back in bis seat with a look of horror. Mr. Joe Chamberlain is great fun some times. He entered the other night just in the middle of the now usual scene, and being appealed to, this is what he said: 'I have not been in the House long enough to have heard what took phjse in my absence. . ' I Rantzan ' was produced at Covent ^Garden last Friday night. There was a tremendous house, and during the evening Mr. Ascherberg presented Maseagni (who conducted) with a baton, en crusted with precious stonea, Tlie. opera fr.in four short ftetij with a tiajr thread of a story, The music is curiously reminiscent of ' Cavalleri'*,''' \ and somewhat pretentious for eo purely bourgecis j a theme. Pe-tp'.e who ought to know consider ii a decided retrogression on the part of the com poser. Melba created the part. Phil May, and his friend, Mr. Grew, returned from°the States on the Royal wedding day, and found the Graphic office covered with flags and monograms of G. and M. Bat Phil was not quite so elated when it was explained to him they were meant for 'George' and 'May' and not fcr ' Grew ' and ' May.' The Duke of York is two inches shorter than his wife, but by some mysterious and sole supporting process he, at the hymeneal altar, stood an inch taller. There is nothing exciting in the theatrical world, and in the whole of London la**t week there was only one concert. I hear that Mr. Christie Murray is in great demand at the Hay market. They want him to play the part' of a Ipi-jest in a new piece by Mr. Henry Arthur Jones. Miss Loie Fuller, the original ' Serpentiner,' is now 'serpentining' nightly at the Gaiety and Shaftesbury theatres. They do say that the limelight men have nearly as much to do with the success as Miss Loie herself, and that it is a shame they are not called before the curtain too. The Queen has plaited a straw hat. It goes to Chicago. Mrs. Arthur Stannard (John Strange Winter) has dropped the ' Anti- Crinoline League,' and resumed the editorship of Wintee's Weekly. The Princess of Wales is to sic to Mr. Luke Fildes, R.A., for her portrait. Lady Eva Greville, sister-in-law to Lady Brooke, is lady in waiting on the Duchess of York. Affluent but Ugly. — She : ' Will you love me always, darling ?' Impecunious but Handsome.— He (squeezing her ) : 'Adored one.' A— but TJ— . She (rather breathless) : ' Ah— h — bufcr— will you love me the same when my money is all gone ?' I— but H— . He (rather angry): 'What non sense. You know we can't touch the principal.*' Good-bye, dearest.— 'Your loving cousin, KATE. Doctor Johnson, talking of a famous actress of his day, Miss Pritchard, said that off the stage she was a vulgar idiot, so uneducated that she would talk of her ' gownd.' This is the actress 'JjO^wEom, conjointly with Garrick, Churchill in ™Jhe Roseiad ' paid so exceptional a compliment,' Mara-lle at the same time not forgetting to hint Jgetty breadly at faults— ___-„ r Before sneh merits all objections fly, ^ Pritchard's s*enteel, and Garrick six feet high. tJSowever, among English actresees nowadays, whatever may be their histrionic merits as com pared with thope of their predecessors, there is apparently ho lack of education. For example, Mrs. Beerbohm Tree, wife of the popular London actor-manager,: is, according to an English con temporary', '» fine Greek scholar.' She was educated with a view to becoming a governess, and filled the duties of a tutor at Queen's College, London, for some time previous to her marriage. She met her husband while taking part in .some private theatricals at the house of a friend. ... A. new edition of the historical novel of ' Sidonia the Sorceress' is about to be published by tie Kelmscott Press (England). The translation used is tHat.of Lady Wilde, mother of Oscar. The novel was written in the early part of this century by William Meinhold, a Lutheran Minister, dwelling in the island of Rugen, in Pomerania. He was thoroughly acquainted with the history and social life of his country during the latter half of the 15th And the first half of the 16th cen tury. The. power with which his knowledge of the period -was brought to bear upon the novel in question has been recognised by the most compe tent critics. It haB been said of him that he might well have lived in the days of which he . wrote, so vividly did he reflect their spirit. It may be doubted, how ever, whether the manner of the writer will not seem a trifle too old fashioned for contemporary taste. The biennial prize, 20,000f, which is this time in the gift of the Academic des Inscriptions et de Belles Lettres, has been awarded, after a sharp contest, to Mr. James Darmester for his work on the ' Zenda vesta.' «».'.- A racehorse clears from 20ft to 2^ at a bound. : .. - ' a . 