THE STORY-TELLER. A GHOST'S REVENGE. Br L. Gale raits. Author of "The Cue of Lady Lukeetan" and other Gboet 3tories. It was a dismal evening. Heavy olouds covered the Bky. The air was fnll of a raw damp ness, which hung like a veil over the flat marshy district, through wbioh the London train was winding its way like some hose fiery serpent, now pausing in its einooos course, now darting forward with a writhe and a shriek, to vanish under a lurid cloud of steam. " Mallowby," shouted the hoarse voice of the porter ; " Mallowby." The door of a first-class smoking oarriage was reluctantly opened, and a solitary passenger alighted. " What a beast of • night," be muttered, hastily buttoning up bis far-lined overcoat, "and what a beast of a place," peering dis contentedly across the low white railing at the monotonous stretch of snow-powdered fallow and pasture. " What on earth has induoed Fpntec to bury himself in euoh a desolate hole} "Any luggage, sir? "Two portmanteaus and a guncase—very good, sir. Where for— the Rectory ? The oart is just outaide, through the gate on the left." . j With another malediction on the rawness of { the atmosphere, the passenger from town picked his way across the eloppy platform and climbed into the dogcart whioh was in wait ing for him. He was oold, hungry, and, if the truth must he told, considerably out of temper; and as he splashed down the mile of muddy road whioh lay between the etation and the village Gerald Harrison was half inclined to repent his promise of spending a couple of days with his old College ohum on his way to Scotland. A hearty welcome, a sherry and hitters, a roaring fire, and a hot bath went a long way towards dispelling his ill-h31nour. The Rev. Richard Forster, now aoting as iocum towns for | the absent Reotor of Mallowby, thoroughly understood the art of making his guests com fortable. " You will not have too much time, old fellow," he said, when he had conducted Harrison to his room. "1 am sorry to hurry you, bub dinner is at half-past 7, and I cannot well put it baok, because I have asked another man. His name is Granville. He has lately come to the old Hall, and we are going to | shoot over one of his farms to-morrow." Twenty minutes later, when Gerald (with temperature and temper alike restored to their normal condition) descended to the library, he found his host in earnest confabulation with the visitor—a slight, dark man, with an anxious, rather worried expression, and a trick of glancing nervously over his shoulder. " I give you my word, Forster," he was saying, " that it is going on worse than ever. I can b get a aervant to sleep in the front of the house, and if I were not ashamed of acknowledging myself a fool I would out the plaoe to- morrow and go baok to town." The opening of the door put an end to the discussion. Forster changed the subject by introducing his guests, and as dinner was almesb immediately announced the conversa tion fell into general channels—euoh as the Irish question, pheasant • rearing, and the chances of an open season. It struck Harrison that Mr. Granville had all -the appearance of e man who has received some severe mental shock. Though he talked intelligently and even well, it was evident that his attention was never wholly given to the subjeot in hand. He eeemed to be constantly listening for some expected sound, and once, when footsteps were audible on the gravel without, he started violently and turned as white as a sheet. "It is only Kenwell bringing baok the keys of the Ohuroh," remarked Forster. " He has been taking the oboir practice for me this evening. There ib the bell." A servant answered tbe door, and the foot steps died away again, accompanied by the distant clash of the iron gate. Granville sank baok in his ohair with a long breath of relief. He bad let his cigar out, and now looked round for a light. Harrison offered him a j match, and as the elder man took it he oould feel that hie hand was oold and shaking. The evening passed iu pleasant desultory ohat. At 11 o'olock Granville rose.' "Will you order my oart 1" he said. Then, in answer to his host's demur, be answeied nervously, "Don't tempt me to stay, Forster; it only makes matters worse. Yes, I know it is quite early and all that, but they will take ten tninnfaa fist rittfi flta hnno in anrl " wlf.li a. minutes to put the horse in, and," with ghastly attempt at a smile, "I am like Cinderella, I must be indoors before midnight. [ You will come up early to- morrow, and of course you both lunch with me. X would ask you to dine as well, only—only I tun not good oompauy in my own house now." Fonber's band was on the bell. He paused, and looked keenly into his friend's faoe. 'Don't go baok, Granville," he said, earnestly. " Let me tell your man that you ] will stay the night here. I can easily pub you up." "No, thanks, no," with the nervous haste ,of one who fears that his resolution may fail him. " I cannot do that. After all I have said I dare not show the white feather to the servants. They would think me a fool; but, my God I they don't hear it as I do. Tell them to bring the oarb round, Forster. For pity's sake, man, don't waste time I It is ten minutes past 11 already." The order was given. As the minutes wore on Granville became increasingly uneasy. He oould nob restrain his restless anxiety to be off, and it was a relief to every one -when the grating of wheels outside announced that the trap was in readiness. Forster accompanied bim to the door, whither Harrison presently followed. " It is nob muoh of a night," he commented, peering out into the ohill darkness." " Your friend will have a ooolish drive." Forster was standing on the step. " HuBh 1" he said, holding np biB hand. " Listen : he iB galloping." From the old grey tower on their left ohimed the half-hour, ana as tbe notes died away they oould hear the receding rattle ef a oart being driven at a furions pace along the zoad below. " He must be cracked to drive at that rate in the dark," cried Gerald, as the clatter of hoofs grew fainter and finally died away. "It will be more by luck than management M be doesn't upset at the first comer. What is matter with nim, Diok—does he drink, or is he off his head 7" ] " Neither at present. Tie thinks his bouse is haunted, and it is getting on his nerves." "Oh, he most be oracked then," with easy decision. " No one but a Iunatio believes in ghosts in these days. Aooept the possibilities of terras- j trial elementaries and left-hand magic if you like: but the common or garden ghost, never." " There is something queer about the bid hall, though," persisted Forster. "I do not believe that any consideration yon oould offer would induoe a Mallowby man to sleep there alone. The plaoe has a bad name. It stood empty for years before Granville bought it. He spent no end of money in repairs and furniture too, which makes it additionally hard on him to be driven out by"; " A ghost," concluded Harrison, _ with a about 61 laughter. " My dear Diok, it ia too absurd. Let us exotoise the place. _ 1 will back my six-shooter at thirty feet against any combination of goblins and bluefire. We will arrange a match to-morrow. Fifty pounds a side, to be paid in material ourrency only. Gome, admit now that the thing is a huge joke." " It is a good deal more like death to Gran ville," returned Fortter, seriously. "His nerves are regularly gone to pieces. He ia not like the same fellow who came down in the autumn," " Have the ghosts been trying to eviot him ever since?" "Sounds weak. I dare say," Diok answered, " bnt I am inclined to believe, Gerald, tbat there is more in it than meets the eye. Last October Granville was every bit as sceptical as you are- If he beard anything be treated it witb contempt. When the servants oom plained of mysterious noises he laughed them to scorn. You saw for yourself that he does not laugh at it now. - He told me tble evening . that these — these — manFestatlontr are of nightly occurrence. I am afraid it is taking serious effect uppn his health. 1 wish I had kept him bere to-night." "Ob, be will be all right," said Harrison, lightly. "Fnnkisadeuoed unpleasant oom plaint, but it don't often kilL Twelve o'clock; I think I'll be turning in. This time to morrow, I suppose, we shall be wishing eaoh other a happy new year." But the glad new year was destined to be ushered in by no hearty shaking of bands, no joyous congratulations at MaUowby Rectory. In the grey dawn of the December morning Harrison was awakened by the flashing of a candle before his eves. Forster was standing beside the bed with a pole and horror-stricken face. "Gerald," he said hurriedly, "will you get up at onoe? I want you to oome with me to the hall. Something terrible has happened. Poor Granville is dead." " Dead!" repeated the other blankly, " dead 1 Why, he only left here at eleven." "I know that. Seven hours ago he was here, only seven hours ago, and now they are carrying bis body up from the pond where it was found. Why did I not keep him ?" he oried, pacing the room in deep agitation. " Why did I let him go baok to tbat aooursed bouBe ? I knew his mind was unhinged by what he bad heard there. Poor fellow I poor I Granville! and now it iB too late." Harrison waB already out of bed. _ "I will be downstairs in five minutes," be said. " Of oourse, I know no particulars, but has any one thought of sending for a dootor 1" Fcorster caught eagerly at the implied hope. " Some one shall go for Mr. Tilling at onoe, he said, hurrying out of the room. It was a relief to be able to do something, but long before the Burgeon arrived they knew that his servioes would be useless. Death bad sealed the master of RavenBhill for his own. The cold and rigid limbs refused to respond to the revivifying influences of hot blankets and artificial respiration. _ ... Harrison was of opinion, as he assisted it his friend's frantio endeavours to restore some semblance of life, that poor Granville had been dead for several hours. It was a painful task. In vain Forster triad to close the dull, lacklustre eyes, fixed in a wide etare of indescribable horror. The tense features would not relax. Never had human being passed away from life leaving behind him so terrible an impression of fear. At 7 o'clock the snrgeon for whom Forster had sent appeared on the eoene. One glanoe at the body was sufficient for him. "He's dead,"said the plain-spoken oountry praotitioner. " Dead as a doornail. How did ■ it happen?" __ Ah ! how indeed 1 That .was a mystery. A secret known only to the dead man and to those unspeakable powers who work behind the veil. In the early morning of the last day of the year the household at the Hall had been startled from their slumbers by a wild, agonized cry, followed by shriek upon shriek of demoniacal laughter. The horrible sounds lasted only for a minute. Before the terrified servants were fairly _ aroused and orowding together into the corridor to learn the meaning of this strange alarm the house was wrapped in its customary silence. For a few moments they bad been too soared to do more than wonder at their master remaining undisturbed: then some one, bolder than the rest, suggested that it would be as well to waken him. They knocked at his door and received no answer. They oalled, but no voice replied. At last the butler ventured into the room. It was empty. The night lamp whioh Granville had lately used was burning brightly;, the fire was nearly out. The bed bad not been oocupied. Thoroughly alarmed now, a searob party was I formed, ana, armed with lights and a brace of revolvers, the men desoended to the ground I floor. In the library the lamp was also_ burn ing. The odour of tobacco still hung in the air; a few embers glowed in.the grate; the spirit decanters and an empty sodawater bottle lay on the table beside an open book. There was no trace of any disturbance, and there was no sign of Granville. The servants looked at eaoh other in silence. No one dared to put into words the fear that lay ohill at bis heart. Suddenly the butler uttered an exclamation. His eyes had fallen on one of the windows. The long curtains were swaying gently backward and forward in the current of cold air from without. The ehntters were thrown baok, and the oasement stood wide open. They orowded round. " Steady, keep baok a bit,' protested one man more astute than bis fellows ; " there is snow enough to bold footmarks. It's a pity to tread it about till we've got a lantern and Btruck the trail." Tn a few minutes a oovered light had_ been procured, and the threshold of tbe window was examined. There oould be no doubt as to the way in which Granville^ had quitted- the room. Straight from the Bill the footprints were distinctly traoed in the light snow. Along tbe path they tracked the marks, round 1 the oomer of the bouse, aoross the lawn to tbe edge of the pood. And there, beneath the willows, half-hidden by the drooping frost browned ferns, they found the body of their master, still in evening dress, with olenohed fingers, and features transfixed in an expres sion of ghastly dread. The qniet little village was shaken to its oore. All day long the people gathered in knots to disouss the awful tragedy whioh had been enacted in their midst. Horror was in the air. Old superstition reasserted its sway with renewed strength. Old stories were re peated with bated breath, for onoe again the onrse of the Deverels had fallen, and the truth of the half-forgotten legend was triumphantly vindicated. ... By nightfall every human being had quitted the preainota of the fateful Hall. The soared domestics absolutely refused to remain on the premises, and the big house was deserted save for the silent form lying so still beneath the white sheet on one of the sofas in the library, in whioh room the body of Philip Granville bad been laid to await tne ooroner's inquest. To Forster this desertion of the helpless oorcee seemed terrible. He would have spent the night in mtohiig beside the poor fellow who hod so lately been hie guest, end was only dissuaded from hie purpose by the earnest aolioitationa of his oburoh warden, a stalwart farmer, on whose grey head seventy odd yean sat lighter than moat men's fifty. "Parson," said the old man solemnly, "tbeer'a noa good a flyin**in the faace o' Providence. Noa body thinks as you're a coward, bnt what sort o' use be tbeer in flingin' good loives a'ter bad nns? Von poor lad tried it, and see how they've served him. Thiity year back Lord Broad borough's agent died in eaame way. My feyther need to tell how, when he were a little lad, one of the Dawbenyt o&am; doon bitten' and boasted ae how he'd better the Deverela. It was i' the summer toime, and all went well enow. But as soon as winter oaame on ' they' were at work ag'in, and t' Quid sqnoire he began to grow graave and sternlike. He would na gi' in till on New Year's Eve the honse were fetched np by a fearful cry, and -next morn in' they fonnd his body in the pond tbeer with a lookon t'faaoeas, God forbid, should iver to sean on yours or moine. Mony an' mony a good mob has met that death sin1 the height that Katharine Deverel stood in yon winder and cursed the mon who had robbed her of her husband's naame and tbeer lad of his lawful in heritance. 'Yon hev ta'an it by fraud,' she eroid, 'but the Lord will avenge me. Noa good shall it bring thee. You shall neyther live in it yoursen nor ahall another receive it at your hands. Though I lose my immortal soul,'ehesays, '111 hev revenge. You may tak' my choild'a birthright, you may slur ma fur naame, but noa mon, be be young or auld, good or evil, so that he does na' bear th' naame | o' Deverel, shall live to see a new year dawn wi'in these walls. Ill die on Deverel land,' says she, 'and he who braves ma curse shall die even as I hev died.' Then she balled oh the God of the fey therless to hear her words j and turned awa, and next mornin' they found her body stiff an' stark in yonder pond with the dead baby still clasped in her arms. Yonll bear in moind, sir, wbat the Lord did to the mon who built np the walls o' Jencbo. It's Hib will, and you bein' a parson should know better than to goa agin' Him. What harm can taake yon poorLit orolay now f Bnt you hev a wark to do i' the world, and you ain't got no reet to chuck yon loife after hiB'n." " Mr. Dawson is right, Diok," urged Harri son ; " you oan't do the poor f6Uow any good. Your nerves are ahakeD, and I am free to oonfess, ghoet or no ghost, to spend the night in that dismal house with a dead man is more than I should eare about." Very unwillingly Forater at last agreed to yield. [ Three days later the looal Jury brought in a verdict of " Died by the visitation of God," and onoe again the spirit of Katharine Deverel had triumphed, and the home of her ancestors stood empty. Five years had oome and gone, bringing | with them many changes. Diok Forster, now Bishop of Honduras, was doing good work for God and man in bis far-off oolonial Diooese. His plaoe in Harrison's daily life had been filled by another friend of his sohoolboy days, who was also shortly to beoome his brother-in law. Jaok Ohamberlavne was a handsome, genial young fellow, blessed witb a fine consti tution, a Bweet temper, and a very considerable j fortune, and the match between his favourite sister and his special ahum was a source of I unmixed satisfaction to Gerald. The two men were constantly together until a matter of business obliged Harrison to visit the south of Europe. The transaction occupied him for some months, and it was not- till the end of December that he found himself onoe more on English soil. HereBehed Dover at noon on the | last day of the year, and drove straigh to the Lord Warden. A paoket of letters was awaiting him. They had been forwarded from San Oarrdmo after his departure, and among them was an envelope addressed in Ohamberlayne's oharaoteristio band writing. "Dear old boy,"ran the letter, "what do J yon mean by spending Obrietmaa in a dirty Italian village, instead of returning to the bosom of your family like a respectable Englishman T I don't believe a word about the ] vineyards. Tell your agent to go to the devil and oome to us for the new year, or neither Elaine nor I will have anything more to do with yon. The Hunt Ball is on the 5th, the Oardwell's on the following evening. On the 7th Mrs. Verelst is giving some theatricals in which we are going to distinguish ourselves, I and there are three or four other minor events which you ought not to miss. Also I want your valuable advioe as to the wisdom of j buying a plaoa in Creamshire. I only heard of it last week, and have already made up my mind to purchase, so your oonnsel must tend in that direction if you wish me to profit by it. It ia a jolly old house, with capital stabling and nioe gardens. There is a ripping tennis lawn (room for two courts if I fill up a pond at the end), and a lot of old oak indoors. I forgot to say the house is furnished. It is in the beat part of the Broad borough country, and within reach of the outside meets of Lord Cremorne'a and the Turton. Plenty of shooting, and the whole thing going for a mere song. I believe there is even a family ghost thrown in. I am running down on Friday for a week to see bow I like it, but, of course, you will put up at my plaoe as you oome through town whether I am there or not" Harrison waited to hear no more. In a j moment the letter was crushed into his pooket, and he was out in the street and harrying to ! the nearest telegraph offioe. Without a second's delay he wrote the message and handed it in to the clerk:— "Ohamberlavne, 112, Piooadilly.—On no aonountgoto Ravensbill Hall till you have seen me. Shall be in town this afternoon and will explain.—Ghram>." Then he hastened back to the hotel and ordered some luneheon. While he was eating | be looked ont the trains for town. The next | was due in twenty minutes. His portmanteaus had not been nnstrapped. Harrison sent for a oab, paid his bill, and in less than an hour | was well on-his way to London, From the | moment of reading Ohamberlayne's descrip tion of his projeoted purchase he bad deoided on the course he must pursue. Though the I name of the plaoe was not mentioned he knew | by a sudden swift intuition that it vrss Ravene bill Hall. Book to his mind with the fresh ness of yesterday swept the memory of that terrible night five yean ago, and he shuddered { as he roealled the words of theold farmer. "No man, be ha young or old, good or evil, so that he does not bear the name of Deverel, shall live -to see the new year break within these walls. I will die on Deverel land, and he who braves my corse shall die even a* I have died." " Many and many a good man has met that death einoe." Was another victim destined to be added to the long roll-oall of that terrible vengeanoe, and that victim his old playmate,-. his friend, his almost brother? No, thank God; there was yet time to avert the atrokeof fate. Jaok must have received his wire by now. He would be waiting for the promised explanation. He slow hours wore on: the train rallied and ground its way through the wintry landscape. The sky was leaden and dull On the horizon lay dense masses of clouds, black and heavy with enow. By the time they ran into Charing Oron large flakes were floating lazily down to join their crnahed and mud-a tained comrades on the dirty pave ment. Evidently there had been a consider able fall earlier in the day, for the roofs down the Strand were gleaming white, and great heaps of snow had been aoraped np from the roadway and piled behind toe pillars of the station gates. Harrison got his luggage on to a hansom and drove straight to his friend's chambers; As he glanced up at the windows it struok him as odd that no lights were to be seen. • .l%e housekeeper answered his ring. "Oh, is it you, Mr. Harrison 1 Very glad to see you back, sir. There is a letter for yon upstairs and three telegrams. The first oame on Wednesday, sir. The note Mr. Obamber layne left for you; he expeoted you would be here on Wednesday." "Left for me," repeated Gerald, anxiously, "He has not gone, surely. Did he not get my wiret" " I sent it on with the other letters this morning, sir, Mr, Cbamberlayne has been gone a week—him and Mr. Curtis. He is staying at Oreamshire, at Ravenshill Hall, Mallowby." Harrison's brain reeled. He eaw it all now. That letter had been a week in travelling to Italy and baok again to England. He had cried "Peace, peace," when there was no Jeaoe; when all the time he was too late, and ack had gone to that aoouned house, and— this was New Tear's Eve. " Fetoh the letters, Mrs. Williams; or, stay, I will get them myself." He tore upstairs, two steps at a time, snatched the envelopes from tne mantelpiece, and was back to tbe cab before the astounded housekeeper oould utter a syllable. " King a Cross 1" he shouted to the driver; " and a double fare if I catch the 7.5 for the north. It is a matter of life and death." "IH do my best, sir," said tbe man, dubiously; "but it's darned bad going." Never had the way seemed so long; never did time go faster and horse more slowly. To Harrisons overwrought fancy tbey crept along, and again and again he raised the trap and implored the man to whip up. The agony and anxiety in his white, drawn face moved the oabby's heart to pity, and he generously re frained froin swearing at his impetuous fare. " A cove is that onreasonable when 'e'a in trouble,"he growled to himself aloft. '"Does 'e want me to let the mare down, and make Bure of losin' 's bloomin' train t" At last they turned into the Enston-rood. The snow was coming down in good earnest now, and Gerald oould hardly see the hands of the olook for the blinding flakes. It wanted eight minutes to 7. " Thank God 1" he murmured, as the hansom turned into the yard of the Greath Northern. Before the man had time to pull np he was out on tbe ground. " Mallowby," he oalled to the porter; "can I do it ?" " Fonr minutes," was the response. Gerald flung half a sovereign to the driver and rushed into the booking- office. The bell was ringing when he got on to the platform. The porter had put his portmanteaus into a carriage, and was holding open the door. He threw himself into a seat with a sense of grati tude that he was to have the compartment to himself. To maintain an appearanoe of indifferent calm at this moment would, he felt, have been impossible. He was enduring a martyrdom of suspense. If his friend's life had not already paid the forfeit for another's sin, every seoond that tioked its course was bringing him nearer to its end. He conjured up with horrible dis tinctness the dark library, the deep receseeson either side of the fireplace lined with books, the massive oak furniture. He oould bear the weird mnrmnr of voices without, the ghostly steps on the drive; then the heavy velvet cur tains trembled, parted, and a woman's figure stood framed in the long window—a woman with dripping garments and a white set faoe, lighted by strange, lurid eyes—eyes which were dead, and yet alive in their fieroe hatred and nnquenohable tbiret for revenge. How they glittered 1 Tbey were close to him now, look ing in through the carriage window, and Har rison, who bad onoe laughed contemptuously at the mere notion of supernatural manifesta tions, was perilously near raising a ghost for himself from the intensity of hie nervous excite ment. Fortunately, at this juncture he re membered that Jack's letter and the solegrams were still unopened in his pooket, and the break in tbe sequence of thought gave him time to pall himself together. With a faalf-Iangh at his own weakness he drew the curtains across the windows, and, lighting a cigar, tore open the yellow enve lopes. All three messages had been handed in at Mallowby Station. Tbe first was dated December 29, and said, "dome down as soon as possible. Doll and seedy. Want obeering np.—Ohambeblatnb." " He is getting nervous," Gerald said to him self, " and did not like to acknowledge it." The eeoond telegram was more argent, and enclosed a reply form. " Must see you to day. Important. Wire what train. Don't fail me. ™-Jaok. The third was signed by Chamberlayne's valet. "Something seriously wroDg here. Please oome at once; very anxious about master." Harrison's face grew very grave. Something must indeed have been wrong before the pnnotilious Curtis would take upon himself to send a wire like that. His fears returned with renewed foroe. It was torture to think of Jack sending message after message only to meet with blank alienee. There was a piteous re proach in the last appeal, " Don't fail me," "As if I were likely to do that so long as I am above ground," thought Gerald. "Poor old Jack; he might have known I should have answered if I'd ever got the things." At Peterborough he went to the refresh ment-room and swallowed a sandwioh and a few monthfnls of eonp while his flask was re plenished with brandy. Very few passengers joined toe train, and no one oame into Hani Bon'a carriage. As the hoots dragged out their weary length he grew more and more restless and nervons. He paced the six feet of floor like a oaged animal. He let down the window. A olond of fine snow blew in through the opening. All around hedges, fields, and trees were wrapped in a dense white mantle. It was bitterly cold. Despite his far-lined coat, hot tin, and a oouple ofrugs his teeth were ohatter iogand his hands were like ice. He looked at his watch. It was half-past 9\. In thirty minntee the train was due at Mallowby, and they bad not passed Grantham yet. Surely, too, they were slackening speed. Half doubting toe evidence of bis senses, he again opened the window. The train was un mistakably at a standstill, but there was not the slightest sign of a station. The wind had risen, and whistled through the telegraph wires overhead. Between the gusts he oould hear the mormnr'of voices. Presently a man passed along toe footboard. It was the guard. Harrison enquired the oanse of tbe delay. "Line blooked, I'm afraid, "sir," was the reply, " bat I will let yon know as I oome baok." With an exclamation, which was almost a groan, Gerald flung himself back in his seat. Were the fates leagued against him that now. when every moment might seal JaokOhamber ; layne'e death warrant, he must perforce Bit Idle, bonnd hand and foot by the viotory of ,the foroes ot. Nature over the inventions of man! Five minutes passed, ten, twenty, thirty. Then the guard put his head in at the door. " All right, sir; line is olear; we shall go on direotly." At one" minute past 11 the London train, more than an hour behind its time, set down a ' .single passenger at Mrdlowby. Harrison at ' onoe addressed himself to the stationmaster, and enquired how he could get to the old HalL The man had been on the Coroner's Jury five years before, and remembered his faoe. "Going to the Hall tonight), sir! Why, were not you here when poor Mr. Granville was drowned! You don t want to see it a eeoond time, surely!" ''God forbid 1" answered Gerald quiekly, "but I want to prevent it. A dear friend of mine is at that devilish house to-night. He does not know his danger, and I mean to save him." "You oan't do it," returned the man, bluntly. " Best keep clear of the black work that mil be going forward up there. There is no baulking the De leverel ourae. It will have its victim. God help him, I say, and all those who sleep under that roof on New Year's Eve. You oan do nothing for them. " I mean to try," answered Harrison, with setteeth. "I have no time to waste. Where oan I get a trap?" " Nowhere nearer than the village. It will take you as long as walking the whole way. The roads are awful." "Then I must walk. Oan you find me a lantern? For Heaven's sake be quick. Every minute may mean his life now. What do I care about the danger! Man, I tell you he is my friend. He is to marry my sister in a fort night, and I will either save him or die with him. The stationmastei hesitated a moment. "Lookhere,sir,"hesaid hurriedly, "you're a brave man, and I'll do what I oan to help you. That was my last ttaiu till 1.30. I'll oome with you as far as the gates. It will save you losing the way, and perhaps a bit of time getting through the drifts betides." _ Gerald thanked him heartily, and side by side they turned their baoks to the lights of the little station, and struck into the lonely road which lay between the railway and the haunted house. It had oeased snowing now. A few stars gleamed out between the rifts in the cloudy sky. . From time to time a pale moon showed her faoe, now flooding the white land scape with a oold grey light, now hiding herself in a veil of fleecy vapour, as though Bhe feared to see those things which Bhould be done on the earth. By the help of the station master's lantern the two men managed to keep to the narrow cart track. The road was desperately bad. In place* the snow was fully two feet deep. With the rising moon E^keen wind had got up, whioh came sweeping over the level fields right in their faces and cut like a knife. At the turning into the village where the land sloped a little the drifts were almost impassable. At every step they sank above the knee. Harrison could hear his oompaniou's breath ooming thick and short. He was evi dently getting done. For himself he was im pervious to ail outward discomfort. Cold, ' fatigue, hungerybe was vaguely oonsoious that he should know them all if he were not past feeling now. His whole mind, will, nerve, aye, his very being, were centred in the one intense determination to save his friend. At length they gained the main street of the village., .. Here the snow was .trodden down, and, we going comparatively easy. Hardly a light was to be seen in any of the cottages. In voluntarily Gerald's eyes turned towards the rootory..- It was wrapped in shadow and silenoe; bat from the old grey tower, looming up behind, gleamed a small point of yellow light. Slowly it crept from window to window, steadily rising, rising, A oold shudder ran through the man who watched it. He knew what it meant; that the last sands were falling from the hour-glass of time; that the life of the old year must now be measured by minutes. The ringers were going up to the belfry. "Ob. God!" he groaned linwardly, "give me strength; give me time." " Have you got a drop of brandy about you, sirl" suggested the praotioal Miles. "It . would help to keep the spirit in us a bit." Without slackening hiB pace Gerald held out his flask. "A'teryou, sir, a'tor you." "I don't want any, thanks." His ears were strained for the first stroke of that ominous boll. "Oh, come now, sir, fair do's. Yon will need your strength more than me, and I sav a'ter you. To eave disoussion Harrison put the flask to his lips, _ The Bpirit sent a warm glow through his sluggish veinB. At the same moment the stillness of the night was broken by the solemn tolling of the passing bell. With a cry of horror he thrust the brandy into his com panion's hands, and began to ran as if for his life. Immediately before him the road curved sharply to the left, and far ahead through the skeleton brauohes of the leafless elms gleamed half a dozen irregular patches of light. They shone from the windows of the Hall. Slowly, mournfully pealed the muffled notes from the belfry. The knell of the old year, dying hard in the chill winter night; the knell of a human soul, who might even now be passing from life and love to the horror of unknown darkness, through the gate of a fear ful death. The thought was torture. How he lived through those moments of suspense Harrison never kDew. He oould not have told how he oovered the ground, or when he passed the gates whioh led up to the house. His brain burned like molten iron, on whioh the slow monotonous olang of the bell fell like the strokes of a heavy hammer. He forgot the stationmaster, plodding along in the rear— forgot everything but that his goal was reached, if only he had not oome too late. The lower windows were olosed, but from the ohinks in theehutters stole the warm glow of fire and lamp, and as he reaohed the corner of the house he oould oatoh the sound of approaching voioes. Voioes, yes!—but what sort of voices^ Nearer they came, now swelling louder, now sinking to a whisper, but ever drawing-nearer, till he oould hear the words repeated in every shade of tone, from malignant exultation to oonoentrated p««im of resolve. "We shall have him to-night!" they said, with ghastly reiteration. " We shall have him to-night 1" Like a wave of ioe-oold air the horrible sonnds passed by him, reoeded, and died away with an eoho of fiendish laughter. Despite an inexpressible thrill of fear, that lent a shudder through biB whole frame, and nearly raised the .hair on his head, .Harrison was oonsoious of a faint hope that all waa not over yet. Slowly and more Blowlyoame the tolling of the belL It was on the verge of midnight. >,. Suddenly from within the olosed windows of the library issued a wild, awful ory. The shutters were flung bacjk, as if bymagiothe casement was thrown open, and the dark shadow of a man crossed the sill. The moon emerging suddenly from behind ft bank of olouds poured down a flood of 'silvery light on. the atone well, the enow oovered path, end on the fignre of Jaok Ohamberlayne, who, with heads olenohed as if in mortal pain, his eyes fixed with an ex pression of .nameless horror on some objeot, invisible to all but him, was slowly following the ghostly vision along the driven eorosa the lawn, to With a supreme effort Harrison threw off the paralysing numbness whioh was creeping over him. Instinotively he dashed aoross the grass and stood between Ohamberlayne and the fatal pond. Twelve psoas from him hiB friend was advancing, slowly, unswervingly,. like one who walks in his sleep. "Jaok,"heahonted, "Jaok, it is I, Gerald. Don't you know me?" There was not a tjuivpr of the tense eyeballs, not a sign that his voioe had reaohed those ears, deaf now to all earthly sounds, but from tbe open window of tbe library a man rushed towards them, crying wildly, " Stop him, for God's sake, stop him before it is too late." Gathering all his strength, Gerald flung him self upon tbe approaching figure. A frantio straggle ensued, for Chamberiayne was the taller by a head, and was at this moment, moreover, endowed with abnormal strength. It was then that his knowledge of wrestling, aoquired daring a " long" spent in the Cum berland dales, stood Harrison in right good stead. He closed with his antagonist, and by a sudden dexterous manoeuvre threw him heavily to the ground, while overhead aoroas the snowy fields the bells tang out their joyoos welcome to the glad new year. " Is he—dead ? The valet on his knees beside his master's prostrate form had torn open Ohamberlayne's 1 vest and shirt, and was feeling for the faint pulsation whioh tells that the spirit has not yet' quitted its earthly tenement. "Fainted, I thmk; I oan feel his heart beat." " Thank God, sir, yon osme when you did. I should have been too late. Oan yon help me to oarry bim, Mr. Harrison? No, not to that infernal plaoe 1" as Gerald glanoed involun tarily towards the lighted windows. . "They are all up at the gardener's oottage. I wanted Mr. Chamberiayne to sleep there to-night; but you know what he is—told me to go myself if I was frightened. I had not been out of the room five minutes when I heard that awful ory, and—Holy Virgin ! What is that?" Harrison turned inBtinotively towards the library window. From the open aaah a long tongue of yellow flame leaped out, curling round the edge of the curtain and licking up tbe thiok silk cording as though it were a mere thread. Then another, and another. Fanned by the fresb breezB from without, the yellow glare broadened and deepened till the whole room was filled with a fieroe lurid glow, suc ceeded by denBe olouds of smoke and an omi nous oraokling sound. "Theplaoou on fire!" cried Gerald, "There is not a moment to lose. We must get your j master into shelter and give the alarm I" " Holy St. Patrick, defend us !" murmured Curtis, hastily oroBsing himself, as he stooped to raise the helpless form of poor Chamber iayne. Then, sb best tbey could, the two men oatried tbeir burden across the lawn, along the j drive, and up the side path leading to the fruit gardens. " Who is in the bouse ?" gasped Harrison, as, staggering and breathless, they reaohed the door of the oottage. " Are any servants there?" "Not a soul. Mrs. Bamfield hereoame in the day. She left direotly dinner was served. There is no one in the plaoe to bnrn but the I deyil'e spawn ae lighted it.'... | The valets resonant, knooks soon brought the j gardener to the door, and while his wife was helping Curtis to restore his master to oon sciouaness Bamfield hurried Gerald off to the | village to obtain assistance. Just outside the gates they encountered the stationmaster, who was hanging about in great distress of mind, too anxious on Harri son's aooount to return to Mallowby, yet not daring to adventure himself within the fatal precincts of the Hall.. His relief and joy at finding Gerald still alive knew no bounds, and he readily undertook to see a messenger dispatched for the nearest dootor on his way back to the station. Meanwhile on alarm had been raised, and the sleeping village was raised by the hoarse cries of " Fire 1" The ringers had been the first to see the red glare through the trees; but before long some forty men nad turned out to join the little crowd already assembled before the burning honee. Under Harrison's direction a body of labourers, ( headed by the gardener and bailiff, made an ! attempt to oheak the progress of the flames. Bat tbeir efforts were scarcely perceptible. With a sharp wind blowing, and no better applianoes at command than a line of bnokets and a oouple of garden-hose, it wasevident from the first that tbe Hail was praotically doomed. The old oak, of whioh tbe interior was chiefly built, burned like tinder. Within twenty minutes of the first outbreak the flames bad : a pre id to the upper story. Window after window lent its aid to that weird illumination. The great oarved bedsteads, the massive presses and oabinets, glowed and oradkled in tbe fieroe heat. Deverel after Deverel, clothed in dainty satin or shining armour, shrivelled and oracked away from their frames, to go down oalm and nnflinohing, as became trae knights and brave gentlewomen, into that burning fiery furnace. Still the firo-fiend raged on, vast clouds of blaok smoke mingling with theglare, while from time to time oould be heard the heavy crash of falling beams and flooring. As the olook of the old Churoh chimed the first hour of the new year, with a Bound like the roll of distant artillery, swelling gradually into a deafening roar, the roof fell in, and there shot up to heaven one mighty sheet of flame, whioh turned the sky into a crimson pall, and lighted np the enow-olad country for miles around. Was it a triok of over-heated imagi nation, a play of snperstitous fanoy, or did those who stood by at that moment really hear that hideous peal of shrill trinmphantlaughter, whioh made the stoutest heart among thfem quail, and forced each man to edge involuntarily I nearer his neighbour? It lasted bat for an instant, then nothing was ondible bat the con tinuous roar of the flames.- Before the pale dawn had warmed into the red flush of sunrise Kavenshi'l Hall was a heap of amonldering ashes, enoloBed in four grim, smoke-blaakened walls. From attio to cellar not a oorner had been spared. The fire had done its work thoroughly, and of the original structure nothing remained save the bare, tottering shell. 'It wer'th'Lord's will," said old Dawson, who bad oome down to inspect the soene of the late oastaetrophe, "that Katharine Deverel should bev her reets; and now as He's proved as mon oaan't go agin' Him He's maade awa' wi' th' dommed ould plaaoe, an' a good rid danoe too. The Lord avenges the widder and the feytberlsss, though He keeps 'on waitin' a bit first Boomtoimee, and it seams to me," con cluded the farmer, thoughtfully, "as soom o' | the poor bodies in Oireland should; be-herin' theer turn afore long." " It will be a bad look onb for the Land j League when they do," answered Harrison, with a quiet smile. i He was a little oppressed by the situation in whioh he found himself, for the events of that New Year's Eve were the talk of the j country side, and Gerald the hero of the hour. A man who, single-handed, had braved the Deverel ghoafea and baulked tbem of their prey tanked, by the Mallowby standard,' above Gordon, and only a little lower than Nelson. The worthy Miles waa never tired of recount ing the inoidentsof that midnight walk, and drew upon his imagination for oertain effec tive. touohM to that part of the adventure to whioh he had not been an eye-witness. The rnstio mind is slow to reoeive a new im pression ; bub when it does get a sensation it makes the moat of it. The people would listen to the story twenty times a day. They , re peated it to each other; they turned it inside and out and dismissed it threadbare, beginning it over again for the benefit of every fresh oomer. To Gerald, who waa heartily siok of the plaoe and the subject, this lionizing was inexpressibly irritating, and be waa thankful when the doctor at last gave permission for Ohamberlayne to be removed. Thanks to his splendid constitution, baoked up by the devoted nursing of Curtis and his mend, Jack escaped brain fever; but he had reoeived a terrible shook, and his nerves were sorely shaken. It was not till the snow wreaths had melted on the Oreamshire Wolds and crocuses were showing their gold and purple heads above the dark earth in suburban gardens that Harrison waa called upon to offi ciate as bell man at a very pretty wedding in a oertain fashionable London Gbuiub, after whioh ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Jack Ohamber layne went off to the Riviera, where it was hoped that southern sunshine and a little jndi cious exoitament at Monte Carlo would offaoe from the bridegroom's memory the experisnoes of that terrible New Year's Eve. Of what he had actually seen and heard in the awfnl interval between his servant's depar ture and his wubsequent return to conscious ness Ohamberlayne never speaks. "I used bo wonder," he onoe said to Gerald, "why Lazarus and those other fel lows who were raised from the dead never told what-they did and how they felt. _ I think X understand now.' It was too terrible. They oonld not put it into words, and that is bow I feel about that night—as if I had been brought baok from the dead." 