,THE, RED- SPECTRE X TND T"IH "., EMIPERCOR. -g · "Tell him that the Ried \lan is wait ind for an audience." Hiin -was Naipoleon the Greit; the command -was addressed to Count die Mold, the Em eror's counsellori hnld the speaker was- the RIed Spectre, whose mission-iitvwas to watchl over the desti nies of the Little Corporal. The Spectre, fantastically dressed in tRed trosrsusesblouse,-and-calp, was told that his lMajesty was busy and must on no consideration be interrupted. The only aanswer that the apparition deignetl to return to this message was that he must see Napoleon-must see him alone, antd at once. Still the IEmperor refused point la:unl to grant this imnportunate being an inter view. uliitI omoit/ see him," ie persisted. "Tell him the Red Alan is waiting for an audience." Trembling and iwestruck at the im perious tor ofthe h'lihantomi, Count de tl Mole agaii went oni tiptoe to the royal w room and delivered the mysterious mmes sage. It is said when Napoleoin lheard this muessage he became a spectcacle pitiable a to behold. The Mlan of.lron grew ghastly white, and his arms tldropped at. his side like lead: but though lie was completel) un nerved, he mnanaged to give orders for the admission of the tunwelcome guest. Then there ensued one of the most e\ traordinary conversations that ever were held. Count dte Muolo. whose curiosity hadl t been raised to the highest pitch. played tlc the eavesdropper, amd overheard:I the L greater part, if not all of the remarkable dialogue. " General,' said the Redtl Spectre, This I is the third time I have a-ppearedt biture outi as a iian. The lirst time we imet t was in Egypt, at the Ilattle of the. Tyra mids; the second, alter the battic of \Vagran. I1 "When we met at \\\'Wagralm, I granted you four nmore years in which to com-t plete the conquest of all Eturope or to make a general peace, threatening that t if you did not performiI one of these two Things within the allotted time I would withdraw mny iprotlection filou you. "Now, i cLmue for thie thirdl and last time to warn you that you have but three short months of power. In ttuce untu t;u froit this hiour the Allies will be inv:atl ing l'ar-is if you do not take my advice and sue ( fit peace. A general peacie . nuast be perfected within ninety day. 1 else your swart will be limited to a small bleat island oi thle sea. Remember. all will be over with you if you do not aclhic e a conquecst or accede to peace c within that time." . Napotleon then endtleavoured. with al degree of suoperstition that is well nig hI increhdible in such a iman--and yet :ot altogetlher stranige either when onle comes to thiinl of it-to reason with the lPhan tomi and to extort easier terms. lI e pleaded that it was impossible for biii toi miake an honourable peace in three shots m0onthls. l· 11o as iou olease2" returned the Red i .tain, " but i will not chlange my resitlu tion. Now I go," lie said, as lie opened the dotor and strode dlown the hall, fol lowed tlby the Emtpe-ror and Aloti, who pretetndedl to lhave Ibeen standing on gu:icii at the se:ondtl door from the room in whichl the conversation had been held. tlis imperial.\lajesty begged of the RId Tlan to stay, but all to no purpose. S'I'hree months-no longer," shouted the Spectre as he dlisappeared at the end of the hall. lust lthree months to a day from the tilme of thle Redl Itihst's warning, the Al lies entereld Paris ,lMarch, 3, 181iSi), and Naplllleon abdlicated four days after wu-ards. IHe was allowedl to retalin the title of mnhieror, but the sole sovereignty hie exercisetd was over the tiny island of ElbIa. which was the little bleak isle df the sea that had Ibeen held up to his intitt's eye Iby the Red Alan in the pro hetlic talk of the piecteding New Year's Day. It is but fair to add tlhat the official dot:umtients uplon whichl the account of the Red Slictutres interview' with Na poleonl is basetd were signed by thg Counti de lolt: and the guard. The florier,, it will bie remenmbered, overhleard the conversation : the latter attentpterd in vain to stop the Ghost when hle tdemantded atdmission. ttoreover, it is said that the story haLd lbeen one ofthe traditions of the Frenclh Court ever sitnc the singular visit took place. Still, the wb"oi, tale Cwears a very suspicious look, IIand it iS given here with all reserve. \Vc thlink ourl old frieind Mr. Iurchell. of "'lThe Vicar of Wakefield," iwoitl have uittered iiany n Fud4e could lie havei read the staitement of the Count de Mold. It is notorious that NapoleoIn was cre dulous. lie had a firm belieefin his stat of destiny aund General Rapp has re corded ani instance of the " Corsican h1' start's" behavlioulr while under the inflo ence of this curious spell. Rapp. itlwhose bIrillianllt dlefence of Ia):mn zig was at the time the theme of univer sal animation; once suddenltiy called on Napolecon and walked into the latter's room wholly umtnnotutnced.i 'l'lie Rililtemer sat biy the windcioir per fectlt still, gazing intentll upon the. heat-ens. Noticing his ticesence iat itot Ibeen obserued, Ra:IIppittselcl a chalii iwitlht noise ettoughi to attract Naptoleoi's al tention. Yet the latter untite no sign,; aindtsected utterly obli-iois of- e-emy thing. \- erceiving this. Rapp rushed to tlie side of the Empeior, feariing that lie lint fallen into a stupor, when the - latter,: without takint Ihis ceyes firont thlie hmeat-eens for otn instuntt seized R-ipp liy the aurmn, atid excl uimed in a loutl toiie of voice " Look thieic tilp tliee." "I see nothuint ibut the i-tle, twint-lntig starcs," returneil l-app, quietli. "Whati," eaclaimmed tile 1Emopeioi, e cimeilly "isit possible thlit.yon do not see ins star; the fucri red onte litost is lau-ge as the- moon: It is befoic ydu note, and oh, lome brilliant.' Then, warming -t the sight, lej fitrlv - .shrieked as he cied out, " It lis neves aiubanidonteul ime fot a siintle itistant; I see it on ill ricit octca sioiis : it comnttmuds me to;"o foisauil : it is moy sign orgood fortine, and t-hlicire it I.letds I till follot." is pp stid that itle iretltc siicriitict as he uitered the wiords " I till follot -t aiti that his f-ce itas li id ais le seated hlii self in confusiont and sulppiessed esclite ment. Severld minuies: elapsed liefolir the Eitperor was calni enotilt tintake part in ordinary conveisation. Cassclr Slas.Trday fou,/!rr ·lrnal~q " You shouild umcver tinke actiythit that doesn t agree:withi youi," the huhi sictan told lim.- -'I"Ihf-I i ntal -s folloted thatrit " hutile e-r nr rkeu tinthi wvife, !'hitbere would y~ou l .it explorer decI-res tb-tdit itotng can equal the ignorance of time people of Northern Syria. . 7 p 