NOVELIST, My Lady's Revenge. By E. GARRISON JONES. CHAPTER XXI.— (OoHsmmm.) " Bass, little love, wako up," arise St, Aubyn, a tremor in hit tnioa. She etirs and hall opens heaBredreyes, and murmurs again i "Redmond, I am 00 glad yon have come, I am ao tired ard lonely, and I've wanted yon so. You won't leave me all by myself in the flarfc and oold, will yon t" " No, no, dearest love," responds her has. band, eatohing her words, but not the name of Redmond—" no, I will never leave you again. " dome ; we are going away from this dreary old plaoo, baok to London.' Come, my darling." He kisses her eyes till they open wido and look at him with a bewildered, feverish stare', At last she knows him, and she struggles np from his arms with an involuntary sigh and look of sad regret. " I was dreaming, I think," she say Uifp an embarrassed way, " and talking at random, I tried to keep awake for you, but' t got en tired. Shall we retire now 2' ' Be, little love, wlce up," colls St. Aubyn, a tremor ia hi voice. . "No, Bess. Get np and pat you wraps tin. We are going to London to-night. I've had news fiom thero whioh necessitates _ray immediate roturn, and 1 impw you've Iran enough of this old ghost-nest." She opens her eyes in a startled way, tor the little olook on tka mantol potato to tho midnight hour, and she boars the wild winds rioting amid tho turrets, and fiha sea thundering on the sandn below; bnt she Bisea and obeys him witbont a word. In half an honr thoy are ready, tho car riage drawn up before tho etona stops, tho Inggage all ready to follow, St. Aubyn hands hia wife in, ftnd leaps , into the osrrisgo after hor. " Seymour," he oallo ont, in a ringing voioa that all the servants hear, " shut nnfl look np the old place, and follow mo, all of you, with as littlo delay an possible." The servants huddle together irk ihp windy darkness, a few glad to got nway from the dismal old Lodge. Old Seymour shortly after this leeks the heavy dec:, and come; down the stone stops with a look of terror In bis eyas; bathe dare not disobey bia master. He joins bis fellow servants, and in an hour tea whole party ie gone, and Aber- dudno Lodge iB left to pilonoo, and gloom, and death. Lord Bt. Aubyn iB in London, and In bis magnificent town house, on the fallowing night. But he cannot remain in any one pl&ae; 5 he has been oat and in at least a dozen times during the olternoon. "What is it, daar?" asks Bess, from her ouoh before the grate. " What makes yon 0 restless ?" He looks at her with a sharp, sasploious glanae, but her tender eyes are only full of ansione love. 'I'm not well, Bess," be replies, " and I'm troubled about dome business mottoes— things yon esnnot understand, little one. I annot imagine why," he goos on. with a Sreat effort, "my solicitor and Mr. Rothwoll on't come ; they were to meet me to-night. I have sent to Vant's oflloa and to Mr. Roth- well's rooms, bnt they are not to bo found. However, I enppose it'e all right." He rises and begins to paao tho room, tnrna to the window, and looks ont into tbo blnolc night. , " Bess, my dear," ho soys, suddenly, "you must go to bed. I'll ring for Mason, who Will sit with yon to-night. I am going out, and I may not return till to-morrow." " Yes, dear," aays nubmieslvo Rase. " She rises, rooefvee his parting kiss, and is ready to aooompany Maaon, who entors a moment after to oonduet hor to her room. 8t. Aubyn takes his hat, steals through the hail, and ont at tho etroot door with stealthy StepB, and vaniBhosin tho gloom of (ljq windy November night. In a short time bo roappaars again, but in a low, dark etroot in tho neighborhood of Blaokhiara Bridge. Thoro ie a small shop in that locality whero oaet-off garments, false wigs, and other ouoh disguises are sold. This low den he enters, mufflod to tho ohm by his aoat-ooller, and with hie olouoh baft pnllod low over bis eyes. He strikes a speedy bargain with tho tnoient Israelite who stando behind tbo oounter for a rough salt of sailor's garments, a hat to correspond, and a rod wig tjnd beard. My lord pays the money down, goes into a room and changes his olotbea. having his awn plMaA.fr fr J?S; : abase . f A In this disguise, with his rongh red fcearc streaming in the wind, Bt, Aubyn goes forth hallo a cab, drives to the terminus, gets intc a train, and travels northword, Another wild night. The thunder of th< Barf in Cardigan Bay is like the booming oi a battle. . Over Aboraudno, perolied upon tb< bl&ok;, wind- lashed cliff, the darkness and silence of the grave iteolf broods. A drearier, ghostlier ptaoo_ than this old Lodge oould not woll bo imagined ; yet now, qt tnta hour of tho night, the figure of a human oreaturo orouohes along tbrongh the thiok darkness of the rained moat in front of the lower entrance. He makee his way along, groping, r tumbl ing, till he reaoheo a sort of walled oacrt whioh loads into tho main entrance. For n minute he stand irresolute, a tremor in his iintbs, and then lie starts on again, gasping as ho goes: " 1 must know, or J shall go mad 1" The dot) t ie ajar, and ho goes in, and on ward, till be comes to a door all barred and Studded with great iron nails— the door that leads down to the rained dungeon vaults below. He takes a key from bis breast, and, after same trouble, turns it in the lack with a ' raBping noise. The door swings open— he enters and doses it after him. He stands a moment in tho gloom, hta teeth ohattering in hiB head ; then he strikes a light, and pro- dneee a small lantern from a pocket in his oapaoious garments- The pale light abode a lnrid glare on the blaak, reeking walls, pnd on the man's dis tended eyes and death- white faqe. For a tninute he stands irresolute, a tremor in his limbs, and then he starts on again, gasping &e; he gooB : "I must know, or I shall go mad." Ho gropes down a long, dsmp corridor, the wet stones olinging to his feot, noisome things hurtling aoross bis face, his breathing short and hurried in the plose, ohoklng air. But on lie goes, the blneflro flickering in his eyes, his hps set herd and firm beneath his rough ted beard. He reaches a second door at last, at the end of the corridor, and nausea to opo'n it. Bnt before hia hand .touches the look it swings baok on itB rbsty .hinges, o atop rings dully on the mouldy flnge, and a human face looks out npon him from the darkness beyond, He bounds bank, with a snpprcEEedory of horror, pnd lots hs lantern fall- The face proprgob, ana with it a'human flgore and an- ' -other lantern. St. Aubyn stands dfihot, his pedwlij and 'hoard displaced, piBribg wildly atthis in truder, whoever ho may be. "For mercy's sake, my dfrar young master, . , Jeftyoq?'' Tho volpobrihgs Sti Anhymtp his senses,', nnfihoinopghlsns bis servant, old Seymour, fvith ttib re,oogni6tan, all bledbiirano apd da- tormihntion return, And hit grabbfpo tho old. . mpti by tho throat with it florno oath, " What are yon doing hero f" ho oaks. , raoater httvo meroy 1" ha implores.' 'f j jmr jt nil— all that was none tat the 'bleak dr& wing-room— and I tsaino book to cea 1 they worn dead. But, maeter, thanks bo tq Heaven, they ate both olive.'' " Alive |" St.Anbyn roooUsd an itnn addexhad etrnek him, " Alive i" oontinued the faithful old man, patching St. Aubyh.'s band's, and holding them task while tears rained .over his WrinkJeaoheelte, " Allvo.bpth of them, and yonfjsom is laved from thd awlul orime of .tBHVdjQjv1 But St. Aubyn, flings him off with another bifter oath. " Master, I had to save yon ; I oooldn't help it. Forgive your poor old servant. Horaothiug told me to come book, and I found thota bofb alive— mangled and suffering, but plivo— for something hod brohp thoir fall niuiiier, I have iirougui ioou umo Wnitur, auu gave it to them through the bars of the grated door i and thoy aro olive, and in their pennon. Ob, my master, I have laved you from murder )" At lest the' man's faithful devotion seems to tonoh St, Aubyn; the firoin his bine eyes softenn. ' Well, J don't know bnt I'm glad myself," be nays, in a gaeptag, breathless way, " Mnrdor'd'nn awful tblng. It went against my nature— bnt they forced me, It is more their fault than mine, And now/the bursts out, strook by a audd6n sense of hia position — !> what am I to do noW ?" " Master," onggosta tho old man, meekly, " tbero'o bat one way to get oljt of oil this trouble. Go with mo to the bid vault below, thero, and tat ns get the poor men oat." "What?" storms Qt.. Aubyn, hjjo yon wsnt to see me hens ? Ho yor| think they aro fools enough to walk oat at rajy bidding, and then keep their months shut? Thoy . forqed mo to do what I've done, and thore's no turning baok now," " No, maotor t it (s novex too late tomndo a wrong," BURgeBtu the old man. "Beymonr. what is done cannot- be an- dono ; and I knuw vou'll keep mv secret/' He grasped inc oid man « arm to icatt mm away. it»» Seymour went uown oil ins knees, rkting an his efforts. soys Bt. Anbyn, "Oomo, my faithful old friend ; wo will look np those bl&ok; vaults and retnrn to London, and " " Master, I oannot, I have corvcd yon faithfully all my llfo long, and I would be wlllini! to dio now if it would free ynn frnm oil this ; but I cannot leavo two follow creatures to dio a lingering doath in that blaak fanlt." " What villi you uo, thou t Betray mo J" otormB St. Anbyn. " No, master, I oh all novox betray yon-no matter what yon do." ' Oomo ov/ny.thcn ; this fonlolr looboliiog mo." He grasped tho old man's arm to -lead hlrq nwny, bntSoymonr wont dowu on-hin knoes, reuniting all bin efforts. " No, master, I can't go 1" " Thon I'll have yonr ufc, too )" I Bt. Aubyn put bit hand to hta breast , where he had a deadly weapon eonoealed ) but drew it back again almost instantly. "1 would as soon atrito my own mother,' ho mattered, " it I had one. I esnnot do it. Sat, Beymonr,'' he added, with paasionate earnestness, " if yon eve loved me, do not | betray me now— in the very hoar of my triumph too. The men in there " — pointing with a shudder towards the vaultB beyond — " have mo wholly in their iwor ; their free dom would insnro my shame and ruin. Bey monr, you would not nave them and sacrifice mo, would you?" ' Ho, master," eiowly and a&rneBtly;, " I couldn't do that," "Then there's nothing else yon can do, Seymour, bat to aome away with me." Suddenly the old man's face brightened, as he turned it towards the master be loved bo well. " I'll tell yon what I oan do," he aried ; " I can stay here and beep watah on them. Let them live, but keop them prisoners, That will make you safe, master. Yon know yon oan trust me. Let me do that, and it' will save your epnl from murder." The handsome peer stood irresolute. Even in bis peril ho was oonsaions of a curious thrill of satisfaction on hearing that his viotimB were yet alive. He did not cere, to have his happy, lnxarions life haunted by a ghostly rememhranee of murder if it oonld reasonably be avoided ; and in his weakness, and irresolution, and sense of guilt, he caught desperately at old Seymour's suggestion. " But how could you manage it? Yon wonld bo discovered," he said. " No, master ; no one ever cornea to this plaoe. Give me a little money, and leave mo here to take charge of the old plaoe, that's all." St. Aubyn drew out bis purse and put it in the old men's hand, ' "Have' it yonr own way, then," he said, drawing a deep breath of relief — " for a time, at least. When you tire of your task, all you have to do ie to shut np the old plaee and take yonr departure. 1 need not oantion you to be aarefnl ; I know I oan trust you, Sey mour. Good-bye," They parted at the great studded iron door, and Bt. Anbyn, readjusting his disguise, made his way out into tbo blustering night with a sense of relief, as if the dreed horror of hta crime had bean lifted from him ; and in the lurid gloom of the dark and dismal donjon, poor faithful old Qeymgui; began his Belfrimposed vigil. CHAPTER XXII. UDV OASSANOIU. In a darkened obambor, on n low oonoh beneath the easement, Si. Aubyn's wife lay, and in a little crib, all canopied with silks and laoes, and qnite near at hand, slept her babe — Lord St. Aubyn's four months-old heir. Sines the hour of her ohild's birth, poor little Bess badnevorraUied. She tried hard enough— obliging, obedient eoul that she was— to hearken to her husband's advice, and ronso herself. Whenever she heard his step on' the stairs she wonld straggle np from her pillows, and push baok hor flosBy hair from her thin, white faoe, and totter across the room to her great easy-ohair ; and when he oame in, and eaid, " That's right, little mother ; I'm glad to see yon sitting up, You feel better and stronger to-day, don't yon?'' Bess would look np at him and smile, and answer, " Yes, love, I think I do." Bnt the moment he was gone she would aroop baok to the couoh, her heart in a flutter, her Hps like osheB, and lie down, with 'a feeble sigh, and beg the nnrse to move baby near, so she might tonoh his little pink hand, and look at his pretty Bleeping face. Sbe was so childishly fond of the baby, poor Bess— so tenderly obedient to her npsband, now that ho was hor baby's "father. And (bus matters went on, until Br. 'Laflmer made free to speak hiB mind. There bod been nnmberlose modioal men callod in sinoo baby's birth, but Bess bad derived no relief front their treatment. Tbo old dootor looked at her white face that morning, and took her slender wrist in his Angers. "How are you this morning, my lady I" be asked. "Any stronger at all ?" " I'm afraid not, dootor," she answered, sadly ; ' and I wonld like to get strong and well again for baby's sake." " So yon shall," said the old man, anrtly ; and he tamed on bie heel and went out to St. Aubyn's private room. " Well, dootor, how aboat your patient? Better this morning, isn't she?" " No, my lord ; and that's not the worst of It. She'll neve be soy better unless you follow my advice. " " Why, doqtor, for Heaven's sake," oried AUj, VvrinVia nrl <t fnl I mft nrltat T nrrt in do 1f" 'I told yon, my lard, a month ago, bat you wonld not heed mo. I see no oh&noe; of life unless you give her a change of air, a long bob voyage, a year or two amid the South Sea islands, or some change of that sort. She may die even then ; but keop ber here and you will have her to bnry before the winter sets in/' St. Aubyn threw down bis book, and rose to his feet with a very grave and anxious faoe. That littla meek, frail wife, the mother of bis infant hair, was very dear to him ; the bare thought of losing hor filled him with Badness, Rut what was be to do? How oould he JeaVe England at that time ? He was only jnst beginning to (eel cure of hie position— sore that no idle rumor would Btart up BgainBt his fair name, no grasping, sssrping hand wrest his honors from him. That old rnmor of the dying nnn and hor confession woo gone and forgotten, and eo was Troborne Vant, tho little, tasty lawyer who died Bomewhere abroad— at Paris, it was generally believed. ' flat tho world was not eo easily satisfied in regard to the mysterious disappearance of Mr. Bothwell, the ironmaster. Quite a etir and oommotion had been raised on his aooonnt, and bis wife had of fered great rewnrdu for any knowledge or news in regard to him. But nono came, and at last a dead body drifted ashore eomewhere down the river Thames, whioh answerod pretty fairly to the deaoriptlon of the mla- eing gentleman, and at the aoronor'e inquest it was generally agreed that it wan be, and that he had been unfairly dealt by. Not eo with his poor, broken-hearted wife, She rejocted the whale thing, and eofoeed to identify the dieoolorod body found amid tho muddy flats. No|ono beedodhor, however, for eho was only a poor, feoble Bool, who bore the name of being weak-minded, and oho loft her London lodgingo, and went home to Staffordshire, her bneband'e plaoe of resi dence, amid tbo iron distriots, fllio, too, and her groat tnonbla wore In timo forgotten, and so was hor husband's myntorlonn and nntimoly end, Tho Lord of Nivornols Court and Marquis of Bt. Aubyn looked on moanwhiio, wall planned, and comfortably reassured — a hand- eomo, noble, honorable poor, alenr ol all ens- piolon, all shadow of gnilt. He cncourngad himeolf with tho nsenranaa that the danger was over. Ho ahonld never lose tho name and. horltapo be prized ea doarly. Thoy wore hia own, and hin infnnt non'n for tholr timo. Yet lo tho graYo-liko vaults o? tho old Cardiganshire houso that hideono nkoloton otill lived, and poor, davoted old Beymonr, growing grey with ago end horror, kept watch at tho grated doer — a faithful w ardor, kind and tenner of heart to bis poor pri- pohors, but tino qs ctoel to bis young meotazi Almost a yon had gono by, end yob no ohopgn had aome, Goymonr bad not nines maaa his apponranco in London. The poor old man shrank from tho faoon of lus follow man an If ho wora a criminal. Only oooa- plonollv in long intervals, whon abroluto poaessity forood him, bo prop 6 down io the nearest little town, undo shadow of night, woman supplied him with fresh milk, and tht village baker with bread— qnite a large quantity, too, they thought, for one old man : bat as he paid money down, no oommenti were mode. And thuo old Beymonr lived, sitting in ih( snnohine.with hie grey bead bowed npon hii bands, and Uneollng on the oold stones al night for hours, begging Heaven to pardon him for the wrong ho dare not right.' ' Only onaa, in the darkness oi a summer night, 6t. Aubyn had vlolted this anoient haunted place. The old warder saw him coming, or heard hiB horso's hoofs on tho sandy road below, and was in waiting at tho arobed Btono entrance when ho arrived. The two olasped handu under the bright summer stars. " Poor faitbfal old Seymour Well, how ie it ?" St. Aubyn asked, " The s&me;, my master— both alive." Then a dead eilonae reigned. The old man stood with drooping head and shaking knees; the young one gesed through tho night at the great grey pita rising darkly on the sum mit of the sea washed ellff. "Master," faltered old Seymour at last " how tang mast this go an ?" '< You may end it this hour, Seymonr," replied St. Aubyn, with a certain hardened ring in his voioe,"if yon ahoose. Aaoording to my idea, it has gone on loo long already. Are the doors all fast ? You shall go to London with me, and Aberdadno Lodge may fall into rains." Bat the old man drew back. " No, ray lord ; it I am to end it that way, it must go on etiil." St. Anbyn stood an instant, bis brows knit, his handsome faoe looking up at the bright stars,- in deep thought. He wonld bo so glad to know that the silenoe of death had ended all ; bnt ho is a coward Qt heart, and shivers at the very sight of the blaak doors that shut his victims in. WhQt can he do? Nothing, only let Seymonr havo his way for tho present, Ho turns, and draws ont & heavy parse. " Here's money " — pressing it into the old man's hand. "Have yonr way, if yon must ; bnt, Seymonr, for mercy's sake don't fail me now!" " No, master." The faithful old servant goes mournfully back to hie - post, while his young lord mounts the horao he has hired to bring him to the Lodge, where his journey by rail from London came to an end, and gallops away. Thns affairs stand. But how dare Lord St: Anbyn leave England and his seeret? Who oan tell what tho result might he 1 And yet the life of hia wife, the one being in tho universe that hie selfish heart loves, ie at otake. Ho is in an agonjr of irresolution. "(Good gracious, doctor, "he bursts out one morning, " what oan I do ?" " I have told you, my lord— take yonr wife away," responds the old man, coolly. "Bnt I can't leave England, There are oiranmstanoes — buBinesa matters I mean- that force me to remain at home." The dootor eyee him curiously, a trifle amazed at his agitated faoe and manner. " Woll," ho says, quietly, " yon had bettor send her, then, my lord, under other aare. It is the only cbanoe for her life, and that, after all, but a slight one." St. Aubyn drops bis head forward, and groans in agony. " If I had some goodfriend going' abroad I" he murmuiB. The dootor catohes the words, and starts to hia feet. " I have it, my lord I" he ories, " Why oonldn't I remember it before I Why, Sir John Rntlodge iB going to Malta, and pro bably to Algeria, and takes his wife and daughter with him for the winter. That "Poor faithful aid Seymour! Well, how is Itf St, Aubyn asked wonld be tho very thing, my lord, your wife ZiuCdS, X thlSb I 222w nwnmian f hn £ il won'JI send her out with Sir John and hie family, yon'll have her baok in six months a hale and hearty women. They go in the Dolphin, wbioh sails on tbe 10th, and this is the 6th. Yoa've not an hour to loso, my lord. If yoa care to save your wife's life, you had better see to it. Good-day." St. Anbyn sat for ten minutes in deep thought. Thon ho xeso, and made bia way into tho morning-room. It wee the pleasantBBt apartmont in the Manor, a Inxnrionsly- appotatod snuggery, and is a silken-ouohioned ohnir near tho open oase. mont sat Lady Cassandra Lander, She rose as St. Aubyn entered, and stood before him, fair, willowy, and stately as in days ol yore. t " Yon shouldn't sit near the open ease, mont, aousin, thio damp morning," said St. Anbyn, with kind intere-t, " Corns, sit hore by the Cro, ploaeo. I want yonr advioo. " Ha wheeled another ohnir before tho bright fire in the poli.liod grate, and Lady Cas sandra oroiuicd tho room and sat down. She was on a visit to St. Aubyn Manor, in honor ol baby's birth. No two friends oonld possibly be on bettor terms than my Lady Cassandra and Lady St. Anbyn. All tho old trouble was forgiven and forgotten, by eimplo-miodod Bass at least. She was just tho sort of woman to forgive a great wrong thoroughly nndfroely; nnd whon, a few months after her marriage to St. Aubyn, Lady Cassandra bad travelled all tho way to Qt. Anbyn Manor, just to maka hor a visit whon pho was slightly ailing, Bess woloomod her with all hor kind, forgiv ing heart. Lady Cassandra could soaroely havo ex plained her own motives in mabing this first visit. She fanaied, howevor, that thoy were paroly nnoolftah, and tlmt oho was eiuoorely xopentant for tho past, and anxiouo to mnko nmondo to Besn for all the trouble and suffer ing she had oauaod her. Yothnman motives, liko human hearts, ore diilioult to nnolyso, so prono aro thoy to bo aampoandod of selfish- nesa and deceit. Bnt Lady Onooandro mafia her visit, nnfl wont down on hor knoos bcBide tho invalid, chair in whioh Doss was Bitting, " Oh, Bosb, doar littla Bess," nba half Bobbed, with tonrs thnt at tho moment muet havo bcon genuine, " oan yoa forgive mo ? I oball never bo happy or at rcBt again unless you do, I am no sorry. I must hava been mad to do tho wiaked thing I did; bnt Haavon known, my whole Ufa ohall be opont in making amends to yoa, it yoa will only forgive mo." Boos bout down and took tho prond, fair face in both hor hands. "My dear aonsin Cassia," obo anid, with streaming toars nnd womanly kiaaeo, " on if I oonld boar any mniioo ugainnt you all this wbila I Why, I hnvo forgiven yon yoaro ego, How ohonld I, with all my weaunoca and orroro, dare ask for forglvoncaa If I rotuoed forgivonoso to yon ? Thoro now, dear, this shall bo tho end ( and henoolerth yon aro my doarcst friand." Whon fet. Aubyn name in ho found hta littla wife nolccpi with bar head on stately Lady Oaasnndra's abonlder ; and ho looked on with a nod and a smile, and yet jt (flight feeling of mftoo«fltaopn|tM(jJt(sji!, i| And now, after the close of ber brilliant 1 1 London season, Lady Cassandra had aome ; I again to make another visit. Sbe had reigned 1 1 belle ol the gay London world, and numbered sooroe of lovers, and wbb engaged, eo rpmor i had it, to young Lord Montraville, the very i beet matah of tjio season, i But whether rumor told (ho truth, no one i oonld state, for my lady's prond, impasoivo faoe never betrayed its soorots. Statoly, : beautiful, and regal as a queen, oho came to i visit tho woman who had wedded tho only man her passionate heart had ever loved, i Bnt if tho sight of ,tholr nuptial happiness I and tho pretty face of tho talent heir of tho houso oi St. Anbyn, gave hor any pain, > she never betrayed it by tbo ifligbtnet sign. "Well, St. Anbyn," she questioned, serenely, seating herself in the great chair and folding ber white hands upon her lap, " what advico do you need?" "Weil, St. Au'oyn." auctioned Ladr Cassandra, seating horficlf fa tne great chair, " what ailvice do you need?1 "/Why, I nm in trouble about Bese, Caeaie," ' St, Anbyn remarks, " Dr. Lati mer says sho is in mora danger than we think." " Ah I Indeed I" Lady Cassandra elevates her delioate brows, and just the shadow of a flashlights her blue- Bray eyer, "Yes," St.Anbyn goes on: "he says if we keep her hers aha w»fl die before the winter sets in, and that nothing will save ber bnt a sed voyage and sojourn in a milder climate than thie." " 'WeH, then," responds my lady, with her cool smile, "what advice oan yon need? Of aonrse yon will take her without de lay?" " Well, yes, of oonrse— that Is, I wonld if it were passible," stammers St. Anbyn, with a flush mqnnting to bis oheeks. He always feels a sort of dread of hie aonein Cassandra's eyes, they are so calm and sharp, lest they disaover his secret. "Tea, of course I would," he Btammers.. ' I'd do anything under the enn to save my Eoox little Bess— the bare thought of losing er sets me frantic— bnt ycu see, Oassle, I cannot well leave England now." Lady Cassandra wipess, in spite of her self-oomtnand, at Bt. Aubyn's tendar amo tion of bis wife, but eha responds calmly enough, " Rsally, now, 1 see no reason why yon: oannot." "Well, there are rensone," ha goes on, desperately. "I have business affairs on hand that damand my presence hero, and yet I dislike to send Bess alone. Latimer tells me, bowover, that Sir John Bntledge is going ont in the Dolphin— Ruiledge of tho E)lme, yon know. He takee hie wifo and daughter, and they winter in Malta or Al geria ; and Latimer says it ia jnst what Been needs. Now, what am I to do V How oan I lot her go alono, with a chance of novor eeeiog her again ?" vie looks at Lady Cassandra, bis handsomo blue oyas full of passionate pain ; but oven in this, as in all things cloo, his natnxe ia selfish, Tho proud woman's saartat lips suddenly whiten at eight of tboso mssmerio eyes, full of lovij and anxiety for another woman than hornoll. All her life long eho had loved thie bandsomo, selfish man, and eha loves him atill. A terrible pain shoots like a knife through her heart — a pain that is half akin to hope— a vague dim hope of ebe knows not what, But she mastors it in a moment, qnd presses her elim white hand bard against hor Bide. " It is hard," she replios, gently ; " bnt . it wonld be harder to keop her hore, and then have yourself to blamo for the eon- eeqnencee." " Bo it wonld, I should go mad it I kept ber here and she died." " Then yon had better send her with Sir John Rntfefige." X»UI> -V- — >—»# -MM- t—MV—.. sails on the 10tb— only fonr days henoe." ' Well, wo oan soon make the neoeseary preparations. Of ooqrae Mason goes with her ; and baby— what about him ?' St. Aubyn's fclae eyee open wide. He has forgotten bis son and heir. "By Jova," he ories, "Bess will never oonaent to leave her baby; and, of oonrse, she oannot take him." " Of oonrse not ; bnt I think she will limit him to me. Tell hex I will take charge of baby." Bt. Anbyn leaves tbe room without a word, and Lady Cassandra, rising from her Beat, hurries aorosa to the window, olntehing at the garnet hrooob that pins her laoe ooltar as If she were in dangex of choking. CHAPTER XXIII. ?HB LiBT MBTJNO. " Look np, Bess, poo little mother; yon mustn't cry so." Bess lifts her head, and wipes her stream ing eyee in obedienoe to ber hnsband'a oom- mond. "Yon know, my dear," he continues, " that it ie all for yoar own good- Latimer saye yon muet go— nothing else will save yon." "But my baby 1 Oh, Bt. Anbyn, think of ioaving my baby I" abe mpane, praselng the obild to hor breuBt, while her tears fall like rain on its littla pink faao. St. Anbyn looks at her, and a sudden aloud darkens hie fine brow. " Yoo, I how," ho save, "it mnet be-hard for yoa to leavo tho ahtld. Yon don't seem to find ib rory hard to part from mo though." , She looked up at him with frightened eyea. " Oh, indeed I do. It almost breaks my heart to think of leaving yon. Tho only dif ference ie, baby will mios me so . " And I oball raise yon too, Bsbo," ho orioo, oatohing har in hid arms and kissing box. " But what should I do if I lost yon for good?" " Oh, dear, I don't think I shall die. I onn'fc dio and loavo bady. I'loaeo do not send mo nway from you." Tho eight of bar ploading faootonohen him keenly, nnd fox the moment ha ie half- tempted to go with her and risk everything. Bo cannot, bnt he'll try to mako an ond of that ngly bnalnosB away in Cardiganahiro, nnd then ho may follow hor. Tbo thought iGUBBnreu him cmnsingly. " But my dear little BesB," Eio roplios, pushing nphor looao cleave and dlsoloslng hor wanted arm, " ese whot a ebadow you aro t And Latlmor known bcot. Ha eayo If yoa mako inin voyage yuu'il oouiu home to mo ond baby o bnlo and hearty woman." Boos looks np and drico her oyoo. " Woll, doar, of conreo If yon eay cm I am willing ; bnt— bnt "— ber voloo failing pgoin — " don't yon think I might mnnago to take bnby ond nurse with mo ?" " Baby and nurso to Malta, and perhaps to Algeria I Why, yon silly littla mother,' 'no I Baby wonld (flown ond dio oq tbo voyage. Yon mnat leave htm behind. Cssoto told mo "Yes, when I return baby will, be a big boy— a big boy." flhe repeats the words in a dreamy whisper, her groat solemn eyes bent upon the blue waters ol the river innning through the groan Kentish halls. Hor husband watches her ourloaslyt end then says : "You will go, Bess." " If yon wtah it, dear, I will go." So the matter is deaided, and the haity preparations aro made. Sir John Bntledge is called upon, nnd, altar oousultation with hie wifo, expresses himself greatly delighted to take Lady SI. Aubyn under his charge. Her maid Jenny nnd Mrs. Mason. St. Aubyn's old nurse, are both to go ont with her. The tranke' aro paekea, and at last the final morning oomea, Bqbs stands in her obamhor, robed in nnn- like grey, bar poor weak limba tattering nndor her. Lady Cassandra ie at hand, with baby in her arms. " I'll take good oars of him, Boss," she eays, earnestly, and sincerely, too, at the moment. " So kiss him and say good-bye, dear. You are not strong enough to boar a lingering parting. Sc. Anbyn, take ber away at once; shu in faint now." Bess lies quite still, with hor head on her husband's arm, as they journey to the port of embarkation, but at length, as the wash of tho sea reaohss her, sbe rouses up. " We shall soon part now, dear," he saye. " You won't forget me when I'm gone ?" " Forget yon, flesB I I shall think of you every minute till yon come bank to me. Ah, child, I would not let you go in thie way without ms, only — well, yon kqow how it is, my doar. Qo important just now to be in England. " Yes, my dear, x know," She answers eanfifientlyt She takes him at hta word in nil things, and has no sort of suspicion that in bis hlddon sonl there is a horrible ukcleton, " I don't know how I shall live while you are gone," he oontinnee. " It may be that I may follow yon, if I oan settle piy affairs; I cortainly shall it I oan.'1 "Well, I shall not bo away such a long time, dear, nnd you'll have bnby, And Cassia Wfli be good to you. You most go home pith her to Treeby Wold and Monnt Storm when oho takes baby there. I shall feel better satisfied to think yon are with baby," "Will yon? I'll go, then. I'd do any thing to make yoa go away happy, Bobs. Can yon think oi anything else ? Ia there 'nothing yon went ?— no request you would like to intake before we part?" She looks np at him with timid, wistful eyes, and her lips quiver. ' " There is only one thing, dear," she saye. " and that qsomB foolish ; bnt you won't get angry with me, I know. You remember that old ring you took from my finger so long ego?" "Yes. dear — here it is. I've worn it op. my watoh-obain ever ainoe, eyea when I thought yen were dead." He lifts hia heavy ohain, and tbs onaint old ring of twieted Indian gold flashes oefpra her tear-blinded eyes, " Would you mind giving it baok to mo?" Bfae falters, a fatal red rising in her waxen eheeke. " I used to see it, and to havo it on my finger, oli, eo long ago, when poor papa was alive ; nnd— and— they told me it was a sort of talisman. Don't think me silly, dear, bat I oan't rid myself of the fanoy that if I wear that old ring on my long voyagO„I shall come baok safe to yon.' Bt. Anbyn langbs, and disengages the -ring from bis ohain. "Ml lake good can of him. ftid Lady Cm- undra, eameitiy. " So kiu him, aud lay nto<L byt, doar." " Well, yon fanoy shall bo hnmored," he save, "and I hope that the ooriona old trfnet « tsllssjjs 2 trsib There, lot mo put it on yonr finger.'1" Bess puts ont ber thin, waxen band, the St. Anbyn opal that she still wears slipping loosely abont on ber WBBtod finger. "Why, how small yonr finger is, poor dear I" eays her hosband. " Yoa'il lose the old opal if you're not oarefol ; and I should grieve to loso it, Tho women of my rsoe have worn it for eontnrica, and wo mast keep it for oar boy when ho wins his brldo." " My dear, suppose you take it off and keep il for mo. I might losa it on my journey," " It would bo a goad idea," raaponde St, Aubyn, good-naturedly. "Your finger will be plump and round by tho timo you retain." Ho elips it off, and tranters it to hta own little finger; nnd Boca, with that carious quiver otill aboat her month, puts on the quaint old twisted ring. ' And thus they roach tho place of parting, and thus they part, with many tosre and fond oaressee ; nnd Bess. Marohlonesq of St. Aubyn, and Lady of Ntvernois Court, goes forth npon her long and lonely jonrney— not with the old St. Aubyn opal, bnt with Bed. mond Carew'e queer old betrothal sing npon her wasted finger. CHAPTER XXIV. 1 . n BIX KOKTOB 14? am In ber own private bondolr at Treeby' Wold my Lady OasBandra sits, on a drizzly afternoon in Marob, her regal heed testing on her jewelled hand, her eyee bent npon the winding high-road, dimly visible through the bleared window. Tho twilight is oloaing in, and she is waiting for St. Aubyn to return from London. He spends most of bis time in the Wold now, for his child is thoro, under Lady Cassandra's euro, ond he finds the Manor lonely now that Beso is away. So it turns oat— and naturally onoagh— that ho makes the Wold bis homo. It is suoh a aomfortQble, luxurious old place, with suoh cbcory fires, nnd tempting dinners; and his oouoin Cassandra ia oooh a winning woman. Ho ban boon in London, hownver, on a wcek'o visit, and now my lady is looking for hta return. She sees him at last, tho oarriage coming up tho ooddon dilvo at a rapid rate. Her eyee light and ber oheobo glow liko carmine. She turns, ond rings hor boll, " Tell nurse to bring baby down to the day nnrsory. Hie father is coming," eho oommanda, Thon obo oweopa out, and ia in tbo narsary hsrcalf whon tho ohild la troughs down, Thero 0t, Aubyn finds thorn both when ha comoo in from tho stormy i weathor, ourroanded by warmth nnd Innoxious bounty, - Inhorrogoi robes, Lady Onouandra meetn i liira as ho ontora, with tbo babo in her armB. , He ennteboo the bov from hor and ootn- 1 mences to onroas it, witnont vouchsafing even < to much as a glanao of recognition at Lady i 