DRAWN CORKS. Tbe Tribune of February 28, when writing of the fanatical teetotaller says :—" While not occupied in preparing fraudulent balance-sheets, or concocting new schemes for' the promotion of companies to take his bad speculations off his hands, his great aim in life is to prevent other people from drinking any good liquor containing alcohol, and to force them to take their Yan Yean water neat. He swears by his Bible, yet he despises the wise old apostle of the Gentiles, who unto his 4 dearly beloved son,' Timothy, said, ' Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities.' For true piety and sound worldly wisdom Paul is greater even than Munro—yea, greater even than all the total abstainers the world ever saw put together. Now the total abstainer, being the fool he is, is a most easy prey to the 'cute and lucre-loving adventurer. Having made up his mind that the con sumption of alcohol is a deadly sin, and the deadlier because it is not included in the Decalogue, he is for ever getting up on his hind legs and declaiming against it, neither wisely nor well. Sometimes an ass may take to oratory, and yet speak wisdom. For example, Balaam's roadster ! But the wisdom seems confined to the quadruped variety. At any rate, it does not ever seem to be found among the teetotal fraternity." What might have been a serious accident, as the newspapers say, occurred the other morning in the city. A well-known hurdleracer was being exercised by his trainer, who by-the-way is a burly commercial in the liquor line, and whether or not the noble steed was affected by fre quent stoppages to "pass the time of day" or by the extraordinary yarns related 011 the occasion by his trainer, it is on record that the animal sud denly became fractious, and succeeded in frightening adjacent pedestrians and stopping all traffic in the street for some time. A fearful calamity was prevented by the presence of mind and wonderful agility of the trainer, who gives a most graphic description of the exciting incident, and demonstrates by means of bruises and other injuries that, like the pro verbial cat, he has nine lives. It may be here mentioned that the hero of this story was once pulled out of the jaws of an alligator. " Wasn't I, Ben ?" Nutf sed. Ben had a butcher. Says Sydney Truth :—" The plea sant Sunday afternoon movement has been introduced into Melbourne. Not before it was badly wanted. Any thing more miserably unpleasant and dismally Scotch than a Sunday in the alleged 4 Queen City of the South,' it is impossible to conceive. Every place is shut up except the churches, and if you enter a church an offensive person in black, perched up in a box, tells you that you are going to hell, and then you are expected to stand up and join in singing 'Oh, that will be joyful.'" In Adelaide a good many men spend their afternoons dodging the plain clothes policemen in their endeavors to get a drop of something for their stomach's sake. Now, if these men could only get a drink without diffi culty they would take their after dinner refreshment and then go to Sunday School! Here is a hint for the parsons. Landlord—" Good morning, sir ; hope you enjoyed a good night's rest, sir?'' Traveller—"Yes, thanks;pretty fair." Landlord—" Saw nothing of the ghost that is said to appear from time to time in the room you occupied " Ah, yes; I did, though." Land lord—" And how did you get rid of the intruder ?" Traveller—" I offered him a glass of your wine, when he vanished with a gesture of supreme disgust." Thus Joe Chamberlain on the Glad stone Government's Yeto Bill :—"I am not surprised to learn that the licensed victuallers of Birmingham are about to protest against the most unjust proposals by which it is intended to put it into the power of a chance majority in any district to destroy absolutely the property of persons engaged in a lawful business, against whom no charge of miseonduct can be substantiated, without the pretence of any adequate compensation. On this ground alone. I should give my strongest opposition, but, in addition, I may say that the Bill is so drawn as in no way to promote the cause of temperance. Its chief effect would be to transfer trade from those persons who now carry it on, and to place it in the hands of the owners of refreshment houses, hotels, railway stations, and the managers of so-called clubs. The bill is so absurd that I am convinced that it was not brought in to pass, but merely to satisfy the extreme ad vocates of prohibition. Having arswered its purpose, I very much doubt whether the Government will ever try to obtain a second reading." " I'm afraid we cannot live here on the money we have, James," said Mrs. James. " Why, of course we can There are eighteen grocers and fifteen butchers in the town. When our bills get" up to a certain point we can always change from one to another." 