THE STORY. AN-DREW FAI RFAX. BOOK II. PREPARINGS FORIll s WOiRK. CHAPTER XXII. "Thou hast me forsaken, Jamie e " Amos,T Aos,"' said Andrew, "it must not be. You are trembing, almost faint-ken; ing now." Th"I've come fast. I was 'fraid you would be gone, but I'm in time, thank God. I Thcouldnt sip or r est, sur, ef I thoughtn. you'd be alone. I shud go mazed, our. I Thfeel l've got canst lovrength, I mustther, go weth ,ee." WhiAndrled tmy he old man to a chair. Hisn' Soon my weary een I'll close Never mair to waken, Jamie, Ne'er mair to waken!" -ROBERT BuRNs. Jueyes seemed to flrew wash with new lighng out, he heard did not stoop so much as usual. " I'm "fraid l aiu't a done my duty by 'er, sur, and at be thiekin' as 'ow the poorning it maid have thought that I was 'ard wi. tremb-r. ling and cold. I ought to 'ev guarded 'er better, sur, andt SI ought to ha'ldn't beain mor tosender. She's myhe own maid's cheeld, she ea, and I loved her like my own life when I said cruel thingst tosaid, "I feel'er. I must go weth 'ee, I must bring I giv'er ome s and then-then the Lord's will be done." "Amos, Amos," said Andrew, " if you go wit must not be. You are trembling, almost faint ing now." i'vme, com afraid it will kill you."would ibe gonetl kill meut I'm in timedo't, thankter An-God. I couldn't slaip or rest, sur, ef I thought you'd be alone. I shud go mazed, our. I feel I've got strength, I must go weth 'ee." Andrew," answered the old man. "Why, to a chair His eyes seemed to flash with new light, he did not stolp so much as usual. think that little Kitty, bearing amy duty burden 'er, sur, and I be thinkin' as 'ow the poorl of sorrow and shaame, should be out onght that I was 'ard wi.'er. I ought to 'ev guarded 'er better, stir, andt sich a niought as to his, while htenderod. She's my was lying warm in bedn maid's ceeld, she es, anwould be terrible. like my own life when I said cruel thingst to 'er. Isur, lev memust go weth 'ee, levI must bring help 'ee to find 'er, lev me see 'er sarfe herome, and then-we then maythe Lord's will beard take me home. " Amos," said Andcew, " if you go withr me, I'm afraid it will kill you." "It'il kill me if I doin't, Masaster An Anadrew," answered there would mabe no use into thying that littlsade himtty, beaso going to then of sorrow and shaame, should be out on kitch a night ashe tried to get something togranfer was lyirengthen hiwarm for his jbed, would brney. His land-e. No. no, eur, 1ev me go weth 'ee, 1ev me helpdy had gone to bed 'er, ebut he knew where afe the fooand was kept, so going tomay the larder Le tookard taste me hfrome a jug of milk and some" Anreggs. These eaw theookre withould be no usehim ino his ttle sitting-room, and pour going to the milk kit a saucepan and pting it on methe fireng to strengthegan himto exerc hise his knowledge land :ookery. lidy had gone to bed, but he knew wheret After old was kept, so going to thehad drunk a large disher oE hot milk with new-laid eggs beat up in , he looked far more stefrom a jug of milk and smcapable, deggs. Thesen having wrappede took with him intoup warmlyhis wittle sittome of his own clothes, Andrew led im out into the coldn a saucepan and pttsileng it on the fireight. he" ?e'll goan to exSt. ercise his knowledge said. AIf we have a chance, we'll inquire disabout of hot milkthe withay; but I am ind eggs hopes that up in it, he all finooked faher morin the workhouse there."capable, " We never shall," said Amos tremu andously. hen having wrapped him up warmly wihan that. Come on, surown clothes, Andrew led him out into their progress was nosilent nigreat. An W'ew hadgo to St. Lerrick first," he said. to oIf we of thave old mchance, we'ho, although heut hiled on bravthe way; but I am in hopes that we shall find her in the workhouse there."y "We'l stop at lorgan Cross," said Amos tremu lously.ndrew, after the maid 'll gone further awaylnct othan thatme. Come on, sur, come on. l But their progress was not great. An- , drew had to accommodate his stops to those of the old man, who, although hem toiled on bravely, was still weak. " We'll stop at Morgan Cross," said A Andrew, after they had gone on in s,lencs y for some time. l " Morgan Cross ; why ?" asked Amos, " She may have g ,e by train." "Ah,'I dedn'tthink of that; but I doan't bleeve she es." " Why ?' "She ain't a got no m meoy." "Cundy may have given her some." "'Ave you seed young Cundy, Miaaster Andrew P" " Yes," "Will 'ee tell me what you said to etch other ?" Andrew told him. "You may call at Morgan Cross and in quire, Maaster Andrew, but she edn t gone h by train.u "NNo?" "She aint a got no money from' we, Maaster Andrew, 'cause we ain'ta gotnoan ourselves, and she wouldn't take noan from he. She wudden't, sur. She edn't that soart of a maid." They came on to Morgan Cross presently and found the station gates locked, but they roused up the station master. No, he had not seen Kitty Crews. He was certain that she had not been at the station that day. The next station, more over, was more than five miles away, and it was not probable that she had gone to that. They trudged on again. It was now far past midnight, and the roads were very drear. Still the night was light. The moon sailed high in the heavens while the rimy frost reflected its silvery light. Ordinarily Andrew would have enjoyed the walk, but, remembering his mission, and remembering, too, the sorrow of the old man so uncomplainingly trudging on at his side, he could not realize beauty or enjoyment. Often they had to stop and rest;. often Andrew tried to persuade Amos that when they came to St. Lerrick he must go to some place and rest while he pursued his search alone. But to this Amos would not Iten. " No. sur, I'll stay weth 'ee," he would say, " and I bleeve the Lord es goin' to make me useful. He tould me to come weth 'ee, sur, and you'll be glad that I've come. Besides, she's my own maid's cheeld, and I must be the one to find her." It was three o'clock in the morning when they arrived at St. Lerrick. They did not expect to find her on the St. Neot side of this little town. Andrew hop 4 that she would call at the St. Lerrick worthouse and spend the night there, but Amos derived no comfort from the thought. "The dear cheeld wasn't go there," he said sorrowfully. Still he did nothing to hinder Andrew I from calling to see, and kept on uncom plainingly by his side. Andso it came anout that the workhouse. or as the people called it, "the Union " was the place to which he made his way. He hadsome dil~eclty in getting a hearing here, but he succeeded at length. Had a girl about eighteen called, a girl fair and patient looking, decently dressed, but evidently in sorrow ? No; such a one had not called. Was, the man sure ? Yes, he was sure, for this reason. There was not a single soul in.the vagrants' ward, and such as she would be put there, end with this answer the door was shut in his face. Amos heaved a sigh of relief, as they came away from the workhouse. He seemed glad thathis girl was not there; as for Andrew, he was disappointeL .. "That knocks hope number one on the head," he said.. "t' It wasn't no hope of mine,"' said Amos. ?. Not"'"" "No. I knawed the dear cheeld wudden't go there. fled 'ee hear what 'a said? "There's nobody in the vagrants' ward,' my maid would never bee vagrant. Why, she's my own maid's cheeld, and brought up to hate such things. Weth we down here, dfsaster Andrew, people wud ruther lie in a pig's house than go in a vagrants' ward. No, no, the cheeld has got too much ow her owld granfer in her for that." Although Andrew had lived in the country for several months, he had not yet realized the innate respectability of the labouring people. True, when they got old they got parish pay, and it was a terrible thing with them to take it, and worse still when a few of them had to be' ome inmates of the place they -all- liit6. But they were brought to a terrible ex tremity first. As for-going to the work house as vagrants, that was too terrible to be thought of. For a time the young man hesitated as to the next step to take. He would gladly have gone to some place to have rested, but the great sorrow on the old man's face forbade him any rest. In spite of his age, too, Amos seem endowed with new strength. He did not break down as Andrew thought he would. His sorrow made him strong. "Let us go on, Maaster Andrew," he said' " I'm 'fraid the poor maid es out in the could. And, aw my dear, she'll die ef she esa." He seemed to have little idea as to where he was going. He trusted everything to Andrew, only the fact of his trying to find her seemed to ease his aching heart. And so Andrew went on with him, trying as he did so to devise some plan of action. ' Presently he saw a policeman. He would ask him whether he could give him any information, but the man knew nothing. He had onlybeen on duty a few hours, and so knew nothing. Perhaps he might learn something if he went to the police station; it lay on the outskirts of the town. And so they made their way to the police station, Andrew, stalwart and strong, Amos leaning on his arm, bravely struggling by his side. To Andrew there was nothing suggestive of a police- station in this.quiet little build ing. Usually there was but little occasion for the police. The chief occupants of the little place were either poor fellows over come by drink, or perchance some one brought up for petty thefts. He found a sergeant of the police, how ever, and put some questions to him. But he soon found that great intelligence was by no means characteristic of a country policeman. He was quite free about giving the date when he got his stripes, but could give no information that would help the two tired wayfarers. They were just on the point of coming away when a man, a constable, entered. "Es et a nice, clainm-looking maid you do main ?" he asked, on hearing Andrew's query. "Yes." ".Well, Bill Blewitt was spaking 'bout one when we mit to-night" "How P Tell me." "Well, lill Blewitt es the pleeceman over St. Judy. He's the biggest man in the division. He do stand six foot fower in hes stockin's, and can hould up two fifty-sixes, one in aich 'and and as aisy as winkin, he can. Well, he said that he seed a maid going on by 'erself, 'bout 'leven o'clock on the way to St. Linkin. He spoke to 'or, Bill Blewitt ded, but she wudden say nothin'. Bill was goin' to take 'or up as a vagrant, 'ce was, but she tould be she was gom' to some friends." "On the way to St. Linkin-do you known where that is, Amos ?' " Iss,. iss," answered the old man tremu lously, " come on, come on., "Did she tell Blewitt nothing but this F" said Andrew, turning to the police man again. " Nothin' else, nothin' t'oal. BillBlewitt es a good-natured chap. He wudd'n 'urt a worm, he wudd'n. Some policemen wud 'a her happrehended Ispeek." "Come on, Maaster Andrew; my dear, come on,,' murmured the old man. "Does she know any one that way ?" "No, no, nobody." "Do you think you can go any farther yet ? Are you strong enough ?" "Go furder! Strong enough! Why, the dear cheell es out in the could, and she do think that she edn't welcome at 'ome. Come on, she may be dyin'. Bless 'er dear heart. Come on, Maaster Andrew, and may the Loard help me." . " Have you anything to eat here ?" said Andrew, turning to the sergeant. : "Can you sell me something to strengthen- the old man ? ??' r "I cean'tsait nothin'," murmured Amos. "A cup of tay ?" replied the sergeant. "1 can give un that and welcome, besides a snack ov bread and butter." " Give it to him," said Andrew; "and you, Amos, you must have it." He looked beseechingly into Andrew s eyes, but took it like a child, and after a few seconds drank with evident relish.' By this time it was nearly five o'clock, and in a little while morning would dawn. Andrew watched Amos, and noted,.with satisfaction, that his head began to droop and his eyes to close. A few seconds later he was sleeping soundly. "It will do him good," said Andrew to the sergeant. "I will let him sleep till seven o'clock; by that timehe will be more ready for his journey." Before seven o'clock, however, Amos awoke, and almost angrily asked Andrew why he had let him sleep, when his poor maid might be perishing; but Andrew re ceived the poor man's rebuke quietly, and soon after the two went out of the little town together. "We'm goin' to find her to-day," the old m.n said. "Why do you think zo P" "I doan't know,'cipt that somethin' tells me so. I feel it. Either livin' or dead, we shall find her." - "God grant that she may b~e alive." "Amen," said Amos, the tears trickling; down his cheek. They. found very little encouragement on their way, however.- No one that they met had seen. her, and' Andrew began to fear Policeman Blewitt's story was false, when they entered the little village of St. Linkin. At house after house they in quired whether a young girl hadhbeen seen there about midnight, but no one answered in the affirmative. They were- all in bed at that time, they said. . "Does any one in the village sit up late?" asked Andrew. Any - one who might have a light in the window ?" \- "Nobody but Betsy Flew.'-- -. " Who is she ." "Well,'" said the .woman of whom the question was asked, "she's -mazed; some do zay, and some do zay that she's awitch. But she's a splendid dcotor, she is.- Why, thur's Tom Crawl's cheeld. 'Doctor Lowrie from'St. Lerrick, did-give 'er up;but th'; oull Betsy cured 'er. -People do zay that the cheeld wur ill- wished, and that she charmed it away. - . 'Is she an evil woman then ?". - - "No, she's quiet enough, ounly she've got funny ways. Sometimes she do stay up oal night, she do. Th' oull people do zay 'tes to make hell broth, and work charms, but the young people do laugh at it. - Seem to me the Board School be maken 'em give up oal they things. But th'oull Botsey es a cure, she'd knaw every thing, and nobody do come threw Sn Linkin without she seein' "em. Some do zay that she caan't never alaip." Amos groaned. The old man was among those who had not shaken himself free from superstition. "Th' oull Bill Liddicoat do zay she've sould herself to th'oull Scratch, and es tryin' to bait un when he do come for her." This she said in a whisper. Andrew dragged Amos on. He easily found old Betsy's cottage-a low, mud walled, thatched tenement. They found the old woman crooning over a peat fire. St. Linkin -was near a piece of common land, where peat could be had in abund ance, hence they were better off than the inhabitants of St. Neot. Andrew asked the old dame if she had seen a young girl resembling Kitty, and soon saw that he had not asked in vain. "Iss," the old woman said. "Iwur lookin' out laast night, when I heerd sun body comin'. It was a poor maid. She wur cryin', and axed if I could leave her slaip 'ere. I seed she was in trouble, and I laived 'er. Poor cheeld! I've got a grandcheeld 'bout her age. She wentaway 'bouteight o'clock.". ' "Did she saywhere she was going ?" "I could'n git nothin' out ov her. But she do want friends, and that right bad." " i'm 'er granfer," said old Amos, tremu lously. "We'r goin' to find'er; which wey desbe go ?" "On towards Sn Whifle. P'raps she e'n git in the Union there. Poor maid I" Evidently the old- crony hadn't a bad heart, and both Andrew and Amos were relieved to know that -the poor girl had not been out in the cold all the night. Andrew gave the old woman a couple of shillings, and the two trudged on again. For a time the young man was in hopes that they would soon overtake her, but to wards noon -old Amos' strength began to give way. . The abnormal energy which for a time had made him' overcome his natural weakness had spent itself, and now he was fast becoming incapable of walking. But he would not yield, and although -he clung eagerly, and leaned heavily on his companion's arm, he struggled on by his side. Houses were scarce here, and there was no place of re freshment for miles, and Andrew despaired of getting Amos on, when they saw a farm house not far from the road. Here they got some dinner, and again the old man became eager for his journey. "' Let me try and hire a horse and trap," said Andrew, but to this Amos would not agree. "It would only hinder the search," he said, and so the young man had still to support the old one. - Just after noon snow began to fall; 'An drew feared greatly its consequences at first, but it proved to .be only a shower, and did not much hinder their progress. They found out little to help them about Kitty, however. One manhad seen a young woman answering to her description, and he wasn't-very sure. Andrew had' grave doubts about finding her, while old amos' lips often became tremulous, and his eyes had a despairing lo.k. Presently the light began to wane; They had walked the last three miles without seeing a single person of whom an inquiry could be made. They were five miles from St. Whiffin, there was no chance of getting a conveyance, while rmos was quite exhausted. " We'll have to give it up for to-night, Amos," said Andrew, but the old man said nothing, he was looking steadily on the t ground. "1 think we must try and get a bed ata farmhouse somewhere," but Amos 1 did not speak. " What do you see ?" asked Andrew. For reply Amos pointed to the ground, while tears of joy tribkled down his face. CHAPTER XXIII. WIERE THEY FOUND HEn. Together they. knelt.- .. . And I sobbed out the prayer which the Divine tenderness uttered for us, and which has been echoed for twenty ages since by mil lions of sinful and humbled men. And as he. spoke the last words of the supplica- I tion, the mother's head fell down on her boy's, and her Arms closed round him, and together they repeated the words,' For ever, and ever,' and ' Amen.' " -TIAcKERAY. At first Andrew could not understand what the old man meant, but presently he saw a footprint in the snow. "It's her's !" cried Amos; "she had they shoes mended jist afore Christmas, I knaw the clout at the toe:' "Let us follow quickly then, for light will soon be gone." They-crept slowly on, carefully keeping by the foot-marks, but presently :had. to stop, they had become so indistinct. For a few seconds Andrew left Amos alone, and walked on by. himself, watching care fuly all the way. When he came back he said: " Something has happened, Amos. She has not gone towards St. Whiffle any further; at any rate, there are no marks." But Amos did not answer. His -head was bent close to the ground, as if he still saw something. h ': She's gone up this lane, Maaster An irow, ,he -said -slowly.' "My; eyes be tharpein yours. Come on.". - Andrew-looked and found that the old nan was'-correct-?-Thb" footstdpsbdre to-. rards'a lanie which. evidently led-to some w arm or mill. He openedfthe gate and the' f two passed in together. 'The snow was leeper here, being undisturbed by the wind, thus the tracks were far more clear. Lt was well it was so, too, for the light b was failing fast, and before them was a wood through which the road led. . I "-What induced her to come in here, I wonder?" thought Andrew'aloud. ,'She knawd she cudden git to Sn Whiffle to- night," said Amos, "and she seed a house, I 'pect. Poor deear maid. b I hope we'm in time, 1£aaster Andrew." The w.od proved to oe one of stubbly undergrowth, with:here and there a tall r tree, but the road was good; and the foot marks tolerably plain. The wood was perhaps a quarter of a mile long at this point, and before they came to the end daylight had. gone. .,Still, they did not. n fear. There was no reason why she should turn aside from the :road, and although e. they could not trace her, they - had no doubt that she had gone to some house to which the road led : SWhen they got to the end of the wood Andrew struck a match and searched for footprints, but could see none.- =They walked on a few yards and looked again, but in vain. , " Andrew, Maaster Andrew, said Amts tremulously; " surely nothin' didn' 'appen to 'or in the 'ood ? . Andrew was silent. "Tedn' no use goin' on ef we caan't zee thbedear maid's tracks," continued the old u man. - "Listen." : -They could hear.iothing. " '?; "'I thought I heard a moan," said AnI drew, i! hark-there it is again !" . *' Es et the pore maid dyin', I wonder?" 2 said Amos with quavering voice. "-It comes from.the valley," said An drew, "perhaps it's not she. May.be it's` only some cattle in a shed', . "Lev us go and see," said Amos eagerly. *-"iYes, there it is again," said Andrew "come on." -d H;e jumpiedover the fence as lie spoke, 0 and found his way across a meadow, when he stopped and looked around him. " Yes, close by him was a shed, evidently used as a sort of cattle house.. It was in a sheltered place, to;oind - evidently in tended for a kind of refuge in hard weather. He made his way towards it, I hearing another moan as he did so.. He was not long in reaching the house, and t on entering spoke in a whisper. , . 'Is any-one here?" he asked. There was no answer, but he ;thought he heard a movement among the straw. " Kitty, is that you ?" -0'. : ! SThe only reply was a smothered seob;: "Teil me, Kitty, is that you?" he. re peated: "I am Andrew Fairfax. Youi know me." - - S till no reply, save a trembling noise amidst the straw. Andrew struck another match, and' in its light saw the prostrate form of a woman. He held it close. Yes, it was Kitty's face. She had dragged herself here-perhaps to die. - " Kitty, my girl,"said Andrew, ".Kitty." "Gra.fer doan't knaw, do'a. Doan't tell granfer." "Why?" "I've disgraced un. He'll never hould up hes 'ead again. Idedn' want-Il cudden bair to see the look of pain on hes face, so -I-I come away. He woan't mind now -. I'm gone.' "Your grandfathier is longing to see you home. His heart is breaking to see you. The light went out. "Doan't hght no more matches. People might find out. There's a mill jist a little way up. Youn bean't tellin' me the truth. He must hate me, I'm sure." - "He loves you more than ever. He wauts you to come. home. Your grand mother, too, is breaking her heart because you've gone away. Come home. All will be weL" - "I darn't. You do.'t know. I-I-" "Come home, Kitty." 1 "No, no. I-" "Kitty, my darlin'," saidAminoi?' esit e "(Whio's that?" • "'Tea yer lovin' ould granfer, my deer e Doan't mind nothin', my little maid. Lev I everybody'arid everything do their worst. I doan't mind now I've found 'ee." " But, granfer, I've disgraced 'ee, l've -that is, I left'home, granfer-' " "Never. mind, my little :maid, come 'ome. Thy ould granny hey got the little room you've allays slaiped in oal tidy and spruce." " '" I mained to mske et oal right. I thot I that he-he wud-take me to church-he said he wud, but-" "Never mind, my bootiful little maid," I murmured the old man; "'come 'ome to thy ould granny." The girl rose from the hay, and laid her face on his withered cheek.. "I come away to die, she said, "I thought, I hoped I shud. 'Twas' terrible wisht lyin' oal 'lone, but I de'dn' want for anybody- to-" "Never mind, my darlin', come'ome wi' me. Here's Maaster Andrew-",he looked around the shed, as if expecting to see the' young. man. But he was gone. With rapid steps, he had found his way towards the mill, leaving them alone. "I wadn' 'fraid to die," she went on "at'least not' after a bit-? thought at first that everything wus :black, an' 'it seemed' as ef there wus some evil things round me, but it oal'went after a bit, and I wadn' 'fraid. But, granfer, I'seem so far from home." " Can 'ee walk, my bootiful P" asked the old man, tenderly.• "Andrew'll hould'ee one side, and yer ould granfer the other. We cud nearly car Pee " "Not fart, grenfer.' I cudden walk far." "What shall us do?" moaned the old man.. "Where's Maaster Andrew,. I wonder? Furely 'ee edn' gone-fur !" " I'm cold, granfer, very ecld. Do 'ee think I shall.die, granfer? I doan't mind. He doan't love me no longer, an'-." • The girl hid her face. in her. grandfather's shoulder again. "Hark !" cried Amos, "there's some body a-comin'." "This way, here," he'heard some one say. "That's Maaster Andrew's voice," cried the old man. "I wonder now-I wonder now-ef-" Andrew came up panting. "The mill is close by," he said. " They are kind people, there. Kitty can stay there if she will. Or they will lend :us a covered spring cart.}'. • "Thank the Loard," said Amos, fer vently. ' What will 'ee do, my darlin' ?" " Granfer, do'eo forgive me ?" cried the girl, tremulously. - '" Forgive 'ee,' my bootiful maid ! n mur mured the' old man. " Bless the Loard, He've took away every bit of 'ardness out or my heart." "You doan't mind P" "I doan't mind nothin,' ef I can 'ave 'eo isafe, my darlin'. .Well manage, never fear." .. "Then, granfer, I'd rather go 'ome and-die there," said.the poor girl. " Bless the Loard." cried the old man; almost joyfully; "but c in 'eo bear the journey, my little maid ?" "I can bear anything now, granfer." Andrew rushed away again, and a few minutes later they .heard the sound of horses'.hoofs and of wheels. " They-mide the miller's covered cart comfortable and warm.. :Andrew borrowed bed-clothes and pillows, and in a few minutes the poor girl was seated therein, with her head leaning against her grand father's shoulder. "I knawed I shuld find 'er," exclaimed the old man, joyfully; "I tould 'ee'so, Maaster Andrew. Youwudden'ave'found her but for me. Bless the Loard for His goodness, I've got 'er safe. An' you, fMaaster Andrew, aye, my deear booy, the Loard 'll reward 'es. ' They started the journey home, Andrew while'Amos and'Kitty were within away fromn the wind and cold. For a time they 'rode on in silence, the miller evidently de siring to saysomothing. He hitched and twisted about a good deal, as if in pain to bring forth the thoughts in his mind. " "'Lations of yours ?" he said at length. jerking his head towards Amos and Kitty, " No," replied Andrew. "The maid yer sweetheart, I spoase ?" ; No." " Ah-but-but you be a town's chap, bean't'ee ?" " Yes." "Ah," and he looked at.Andrewsuns piciously, and was silent for five' minutes. Then he said-. ;' <" " 1 " I had a token." ""A token ?" ' '' . - ' '"lFs, 'a token:` I wadn' for takin' no noatice, but.Jinnifer would.., She wud'ave it that somebody was a-gom', to die. ..'Tes explained now." .?. .. " How ?" , 1' Tokens allays come when summin es going: to "'aipen.' ''A bird 'flttered' three times:'gainst our winder laast night; so' I knaw'd summin was comin'. '"es this maid. She'll die." " Hush, they'll hear'you." ". " Allright, but perhaps she w?an't. It may not be a grey dove that fluttered 'ginst"the winder." ' ' What do you mean P" " Well, when a grey dove do coied and flutter, it'do main a'token of'death, while if 'tesa a spicketty: (spotted) dove, it may main other things, sich as a fortin's or a cow, or-well, 'lots o' things. A spicketty dove comed to my winder the night afore I wur married; and again afore our Hosea "wur bsrn;'he' did,'as sure as i'm called Zacky Cowlin'." It was a weary journey to St. Neot, to Andrew a'painful one, for often he heard •Kitty'sobbihg and Amos trying to comfort her,. but the miller kept on talking through it all, evidently desirous to im prove Andrew's education. :.~At St. Lerrick Andrew left the cart, and called at th doctor's house, after which he walked beside the cart, for he was cramped and cold.' He would have gone on ahead, for he could go faster than the ambling 'horse, but:he wanted to be near, lest Kitty should need help that Amos could not give her. When they arrived at St. Neot village, however, and seeing that Kitty seemed all right, he ran towards old Amos' 'Sottage, in order to prepare for their coming. SBy this'time it was broad daylight, in deed, far into the forenoon, but they were not noticed, for which the young man was glad. He found poor old Sally sitting be fore the fire,. rocking to and fro. Two nights had her husband been away from her, and she knew not where he was, and this, added to her anxiety about Kitty, had completely crushed her. She looked up at Andrew's entrance with a look of beseeching in her eyes. "Haaster Andrew ?" she said.. "It's all well." "Kitty ?" " Both Amos and Kitty will soon be here." \- "Praise the Loard for oal His marcies," she cried, the tears'trickling down her cheeks. A few. minutes later the cart drew upin front of the cottage. CHAPTIEI lXLV. 'BlAs AmNi IFE. "So long Thy power hath blessed me, sure it still Will lead me on, O'er moor and fen, o'er crag and torrent, till The night is gone. Then with the morn those angel voices smile Which I have loved long since, and lost awhile. -NsEWMAN, Andrew did not remain at the cottage after Kitty was taken indoors, but instead hurried back to St. Neoet. He found that Miss Lezant had been true to -her word. The villagers all :ejoiced at having neoes sar food;while 'work had been found tor the most necessitous umtil they could re rturn to their ordinary avocations. He was greatly rejoiced that this was the case, for he felt himself unable to do any more. It was now three days since he had had any proper rest, so finding his way to his lodgings, he threw himself on his bed in order to get some sorely-needed rest. When he. awoke he heard some one knocking at his bedroom door. He found that it was broad daylight too, and for a time he could hardly realise his where abouts. "Mr Fairfax, Mr Fairfax," saidr his landlady. "Yes, all-right. Have I slept long ?" "Ever since yesterday noon." "Anything the matter ?"' " Amos Crews wants you." " Amos; oh, all right. I'll be down soon." He harried downstairs, and found the old man waiting anxiously. - . S"Will 'ee come up to our 'ouse, Maaster Andrew ?" he said, tremulously. "Anything the matter " - - "The deear maid do want to see ,ee, surr." Andrew quickly ate the breakfast.that was prepared for him, and went on by Amos' side. The old man did. not speak, but he looked in the direction of his. cot tage, and there was a dreamy far-away expression in his eyes. "Is:Kitty well enough to seeme ?." asked Andrew, as they came up to the cottage. '" She's -waitin' for 'ee, sur, waitin' for 'ee." i - - .1 . .. . : SSilently Andrew followed ehim into the room where-.the' young girl. lay. She looked very pale, very fragile." S" You wanted to see me, Kitty,! he said, gently. '! I'm goin' to die, Maaster Fairfax. I'm goin' to die." '"Don't say that," replied thd young nan. She shook, her head. "I know," she said; ".1 know. Do you think I would have asked you here else P" anda flush came on her pale cheek. "But I'm not afraid to die, no, not a bit.'" SBless the Loard," said Amos, fer vently, "she's one of the Loard's dear children, for oal the world may say. I tell 'ee the golden gates of 'eaven will be opened wide for she." " I believe they will,!' replied Andrew. . "I've no fear," said the: girl, "no fear. At first I thought there could be no hope for such as me, and then I -seemed to see Jesus speakin' to Mary. And I seemed to hear Him say, ' Yer granfer haveforgiven you, and I love you a thonsand times more than he. I came to die for you.' I've had no fear.since, for I seem as though I've been restin' with Him." " " For a minute there was a silence, then she wentoon : '"'" " " . t h. "'But- but-I want to be his-his wife afare I go. I've nd name, you know, and 'I want to be called Kitty Cundy afore I go," and she looked up into his .eyes with a beseeching look. . • Andrew saw what she meant. "If it can be, it shall be," he said. He went away without a word' more, and hurried .across the field towards Tre vadlock. He was not long in finding 'the' young farmer, and without hesitation he f told his story. "You main that I must marry her?" said young. Sim. " Just that." "But what will Miss Martin say P" '"COndy," said Andrew, "you must do this. You've killed her, killed her as surely as if you had' stabbed her to the heart with a knife, -and now you shall make what reparation you can. The girl ' is your wife in reality, you must make her so in the eyes of the law.". . For the first time he seemed to realise what he had dore. Hitherto; he had seemed d only afraid of conseuences, caring -;ot- bin--£oi-rtho_-iva. itaolt.-now, (or.-. minute, he-seemed- to see himself as he was. . "She loves you," went on Andrew, "she was ready to sacrifice everything, for you. Be a man, Cundy; do what you can now." r "Is it possible?" he said at length. "Can we be married out ov church ?". "I will arrange everything," said.An drew, "if you will be a man." For a minute theyoung farmerstood as if s fighting with a great.temptation, then he s burst out passionately: . ' "No, by heavens; you shall not do it. 'll doit. I only love she-my Kitty. I'll:go m and;spaik to the passen, and everything. Come weth me-come! ." . i 'There was a now light in the young farmer's eyes, as he took hold of Andrew's n arm. "Where are you going ?" asked An- a drew.. . '" Goin' to Kitty." :'. : He spoke no other word till they reached g the cottage, where they met Amos.. .The old man's eyes flashed dangerously as he saw his grandchild's destroyer;. .. ' " "What dos'ee want here ?' he asked. .' I want' Kitty, I.want to see'my wife.". For a minute the old man seemed stunned, then- he' led 'the way-to Kitty's room. The two entered together, and Kitty looked up with-joy in her eyes. . I " Leave us alone," he said to Amos.' "I want to be with my wife." ' There was new strength, new power in his voice, and wonderingly Amos obeyed.. H; "Have you left them alone together P" ' asked Andrew. " : '. '. ". '; S"Yes, and 'ere's mother,: she's 'come away too," and Amos turned towards his wife. . : . . ' . - ' In about a quarter of an hour young ' Sim came back. "Come".with me," he said to An.drew, Sand see that I do the right thing. I hate you, you've made me seem'like a devil. But never mind, I can be a man as well as you.: Kitty's my wife, do you hear ? Tell everybody that I said so. My wife! I'm goin' to the passen now. I want to ar range everything so that he can come and marry us. Do you see? I want to make I haste ! Kitty may-may- come on, quick!" .. The "twi hurried to the rectory, and were soon closeted with the clergyman. Young Sim told his story, told it as though he were anxious that all:. evil. should be laid en him.. . . :.. -. " I want 'ee to marry us,Passen Childs," c he said; " she es my wife, but I want oal ' the world to knaw it." ' -" The clergyman spoke of the irregularity of the proceeding. "That's nothing to me. This Fairfax ' says it can be done. You must come and I do it; Do you hear ? I'm going to make I every arrangement, and as soon as pos sible I'll let 'ee knaw." Two days after there was a curious gathering at old Amos' cottage. Kitty was still alive, but her face was flushed and her eyes flashed strangely. Parson Childs was there too, and Andrew, and , young Sim, and the doctor. " Is all ready and right ?" said, the young farmer to the clergyman. " Yes, yes, I believe that-" "That'll do. Now, Fairfax, you shall see that I'm a man as good as you. I love Kitty; she's my wife. I'm going to make her so by law. Passen, are you ready ?" They entered the bedroom. . Kitty lay panting on the scanty pillows, with a bright look in' her eyes. She watched Sim's face with an anxious. ex- I pression, and then, when he came to her side, she took his hand and caressed it fondly. They arranged themselves around the bed, while the clergyman opened his book. I " Granfer, granny," said Kitty, " II should like to have the-the sacrament before I-" " Have you bread and wine F" said the clergyman "if so, it can be administered at once." " Maaster Andrew brought some wine liast 'night," said the old woman with quivering voice, while Sim looked angrily at Andrew, as though he loathed 'the i thought of his doing anything which-he himself ought tohave done. The wine wa brought into the room, and poured into a Scup. . "If there weretime, we might havehad the sacrament cup from the church," said the c.ergyman, as he- prepared to ad minister the sacred rite. "Let granfer give it me." said Kitty, tremulously. "It would seem better from him." The clergyman looked indignant, and seemed about to speak, but one look at old Amos' face checked him. There was the look of an inspired prophet in his eyes, and heelless of the rector's presence, he fell on his knees. "Let us pray," he said. There was a wondrous power in hie voice, as though One mightier than he spoke through him, and in spite of every thing the old priest knelt with the rest. "Dear Loard," said Amos, in faltering accents, " Thou knowest that one of Thy little children heyv come back to Thy great heart. The doctor do say that we caan't keep her here, Loard, and so we come to Thee in this way. Thou didst come among us to tell us of Thy love, and to show us the way of life, and now we commemorate Thy dyin' love. Thou art very near to us, Loard; We feel Thee, and so we know that this sacrament will be very precious to our souls. Save us all from sin- help as to forgive-even our enemies. Ay, they who've wronged us, as Thou knowest, Loard, I do, and Loard Jesus help us to say, Thy will be done." They- rose from their knees, and then Amos, with trembling limbs, but rever ently, partook of the bread and the wine, and gave to the dying girl. - "' "I know the dear Loard do forgive me," she said, "for I love Him so, and I have such peace at my heart." Several times the rector seemed aboit to protest, but. was unable. A hallowed' presence pervaded the room. A Power was there which forbade priestly assump tion and bigotry. They seemed to be all led to the heart of things, and saw that re ligion was of the Spirit and not of form. " And now," said Amos, "will you do your work, Maaster Childs ?" The rector opened his book again'while young Sim took hold of Kitty's hand. Solemnly the old clergyman read the service,'firmly and steadily did young Sim make his responses, while quietly but clearly did Kitty say the words that made her his in the eyes of the law. " Simeon Cundy, wilt thou have this woman to be thy lawful wedded wife ?" " I wilL" " Kitty Crows, wilt thou have this man to be thy lawful wedded husband ? . " -' Iwill." o Young' Sim placed the ring on her I finger, while a wan smile crept over her I face. .. " .. Inthe name of the Father, Son, a and Holy Ghost, I pronounce you man ( and wife; whom God hath joined together t let no man put asunder." '- ' "Parson, are we married now, are we P" "'In the eyes of God, yes; but you must I sign the--' a "Bring them here, quick." . The books were brought, and each I signed, Kitty- writing her name clearly a and legibly. -. "Are we married now P" asked the young farmer again. ' t * Yes." '" In the eyes of the law ?" . "In the eyes of the law." • "Do you hear that, Kitty? You are i mine in the eyes of the law." ' She looked up at him with a glad smile. i " My husband," she said, softly. ii She lay back on the pillows, while a n great change came over her. A film crept f over her eyes. . " Help,". cried Sim, ",her hands. be gittin' cold." " T he doctor came near, and shook' his head. . " She is goingfast ",-he said ?;?thenn Vnýar-ength : hiohy-so spooo ee?..i_-k gone, and now she will go out like a spark.". "She mustn't," cried the young farmer "She's my wife, ;do-you hear, my wife! i Look up, Kitty, my darlin' ; speak to me. You are my wife. You are Kitty Gundy." 'But Kitty spoke not,.while her eyes b closed. ' All stood silently around by the bed side and ratched the dying girl. Pre sently she looked up again, while her. hands pressed those of her husband.' "Will you kneel and say. ' Or Father' t with me ?" she said t, Sim. The young farmer knelt down,' sobbing like a child. LI always loved you,: Kitty," he mur- G mured, " only you." ' m .'She did not reply save by a wan smile, and then boegan the Lord's frayer. Word byword they repeated it together until they came to the words,;" As we-for give them that trespass' against us," then 0 she stopped. Whom Godhath joined together let nol man put asunder," she murmured. "And we are-- ?"' "Man and wife," said Sim, huskily ' a " Forevel and' ever P" she murmured. '. " For ever and ever, so help me, God." Her mouth moved as'if she said Amen, but they heard no words. ' Fory' minute they thought' she had gone bu? the life was not yet extinct." The' lips still quivered, the breath'still came. After a few seconds she looked up with a glad:look in her eyes. '" "You are not disgraced,".she said, look ing towards her grandparents; " I ai hisl " Tears trickled down their wrinkled faces while Sim said; huskily " Yes, my God, my wife." "For ever and ever," she murmured, as if in a dream; then a shiver passed through her frame-and they knew that all was over.' :"Old Amos looked atthe sweet placid face, and lifted his eyes upward. , Lord, now lettest thou Thy servant depart in peace, for mine eyes have seen Thy salvation," he said, solemnly, when one by one they left the room, leaving the man and wife together. (To Be conlinued.) First Dramatic Reporter-" Say, did you hear that sensation about 3Ime. Prims donna's diamonds " .Second Reporter- 'What l Are they stolen again?" First Reporter-"'No; they're real." She-"Thers is a wonderful fascination about the starm; don't you think so 1" He- I "Indeed there is." She--"I've forgotten most of my astronomy, though. That, I be lieve, is Venus; but which is Adonis ?" Whenever the piano ceased There was a great furore, And those who understand it least Were loudest to encore. MIr: Wickwire-" What is that woman across the way trying to sing P" Mrs Wick. wire-"'My Sweetheart's the Man in the Moon.'" Mr Wickwire--" Well, if he don't hear her, it isn't her fault." \- Mrs Fuadge-"Oh, yes, you laugh at women as shoppers; but i'll bet, if I bought your cigars, your smoking bill would be a good deal smaller than it is now." Mr Fudge -" lhaven't the least doubt of it." Dora--" is that new waist you are having made a creation of your owni' Cord-" Yes. I am going to call it the new navy design." Dora-" What for 1" Cora--" Because i expect it to be so well armed." "So you say Professor Gufluns expressed a great deal of interest in me," said Miss Passeigh, with a little flutter, "He seems like a very distinguished man." "Yes," re plied Miss Cuttings, "he is a celebrated antiquarian." "If I had an "ad" at the top of that column," murmured the advertising agent to hiraself as he gazed admiringly at the Monu ment, 'I wouldn't care whether it was next to pure reading matter or not." Lady (examining written character of applicant for situation as cook)-" But this' is not at all satisfactory as to your cooking capacity. Can you cook 1" Cook-" Well, ma'am, it' that paper don't satisfy you on that point ask my policeman." \- · . . · 