Tnn political Bituation is daily assuming & more critical position, end during the I present week ft crisis may be anticipated. I All interest in the proceedings of the ' Assembly has practically died, and onless j the Probate Duties Bill tbould be re- 1 iectod on ita second reading, probably on ' Wednesday, nothing will be done in the I Assembly which will create interest fhrooghoat the country. The popular ; Chamber has lost the confidence ot tbe people, and we do not see how it could be otherwise. During the three months the Hensc has been in session there has been one long continuous drift — a de plorable absence of all political principle, an utter want of all Ministerial responsi bility ; and now Parliament is asked to swallow crude, nnjuet taxing proposals on no better grounds than that of expe diency and despair. Unfortunately for Tasmania, Ibe Assembly is miserably weak. There has been no power to in sist on Ministerial responsibility, and the taxing proposals — after being hacked about to Euit the personal interests or fads of individual members — have been accepted in despair by the popular Chamber. Tasmania has therefore once more to thank Providence that she pos sesses a Legislative Council. When the Assembly accepted the temporary Mort gage itnu u&na; xex it waa opomy etatica that the Council would pass the measure ! as an expediency tax, and then quietly I await the advent of the remaining por- J tion of tbe taxing scheme. We warned j Ministers that the Council would not I follow tbe lead of the Assembly — would 1 dccline to legislate in such a slipshod ] unparliamentary manner — and the result | has borne out oar prediction. The j Council has acted properly, and quite in j accord with public opinion, in refusing to ! accept the policy of legislation by hick and taxation iu despair which has obtained during tho last three months in the Assembly. The popu lar Chamber has shown its utter incompetency to deal with the financial situation, and a stern duty now devolves on the Council. After pass ing ridiculous, inaccurate financial estimates through tbe Assembly in 1892 the Government persisted in its refusal to call Parliament together, even when it was demonstrated beyond all thadow of doubt that the Treasurer's figures were hopelessly wrong, and that the colony was rapidly drifting deeper and deeper iuto debt. Then when more than half the year had thus been wasted Parliament was called together, only to find that, instead of the long recess having been utilised for the purpose of framing carefully considered taxing pro posals, Ministers had not propounded a proper echcme. It was found that one of the chief items in tlac taxing proposals was a thx whieh the Government had eix months earlier denounced as oppressively unjust and wholly inexcusable ; and at the very last moment a primage tax of 1 per ccnt was thrown in the taxing pot. I Our readers are only too w.ll aware of the backing and filling that has taken place during tho so- called discussion on tbe taxing proposals, which have been altered and amended in a manner which plainly demonstrates that there has been no true principle undcrJyjDg the Govern ment policy, and that no genuine effort has been made to carry out the boastful pledges to restore Ministerial responsi- j bility and constitutional Government, to 1 equalise (Lie exigencies of taxation, and to res-toro tho financial credit of tho colony. The Council is now asked to swallow the most incongruous, crude, und unjust taxing eclieme ever presented to a Tas ru&nian; Parliament, a schtme whuh it is not pretended has been properly con sidered in the Assembly, which has no pretence of being equitable — the only argument for which is expediency. But we are very much mistaken in the calibre of the Council if ii follows the bad example of the Assembly in this matter. There is a plain duty, and enormous re sponsibility , devolving on the Coun il. The Assembly has palpably eh jwn its inability to deal with the financial situation, and the work of solvsng that serious problem is thus thrown upon the thoulders of the I Council. We have so often dealt vith the financial situation that it would be rnerJy reiteration to again place before our readers the facts and figures with I which they are now on'y too familiar. J We have shown how the deficit has '? enormously increased despite the in- ! nrMKCl) tflvnf.mn tier tfis 1«,a* ' present Governments — taxation which lias amounted to upwards of ,£100,000 per annum, but which haB nevertheless proved quite inadeqaate to the taBk of balancing the State ledger. At the risk of reiteration we will once more show Parliament and people the style of . finance adopted by Messrs. Bird and llenry. The following figures show tho estimated deficiency according to the estimates of tho ex-Treasurer and the present Treasurer : — DEFICIT FOB 1892 Mr Bird's rc-caiirale. July 29 ... £160622 Mr Htnr, 'e CEtimate, October 4 ... £219,707 Actual dcflcit, December 31 ... £233.885 DEFICIT FOB 1K99. Mr Bird's estimate ? £181,030 Mv Hinry'a estimate, October, 92 £195,039 Mr Henry's estimate, July, V8 ... £317,519 Prr-b*Vle deficit not less than £376;QOO In tho face of these serious figures, the Council is new invittd to pass ex pediency measures which could only re sult iu ferpctnating tho «cnr6ed drift' j system which hss proved to detrimental | to the ink rests of Tesmsnie, fur the last uvo jiuis. 1 Jit' cue tfnowicage tuat there is an ntlor absence of all properly constituted Ministerial responsibility, a deplorable want of the i.U'ity end earnestness in the Assetnlly necessary to face tho financial eitua'.ion, the Council is asked to swallow the Taxing Scheme of Ministers, and then allow the Government to prorogue Parliament and drift along till Parliament dies by eiiiuxion of time in May next. We aro very much mistaken in the Council if it consents to sncb a fatal prorfdorp. The Assembly having disastrously failed I in its duty, the Council has only one ; proper course — to force on a dissolution, j and tlniA bring a self-confessed incom- i ^ctcnt Parliament to the ven'ict of the j ballvt-box. If a comr.romise were now : -iTecl- d tbe r.ew 1ox&tion; could onV prove of a temporary and expediency character. The Assembly di*s by tfiloxion of i^jis in May, and during Augcst and Beptember nest tjje whole battle of taxation w^uld have to bo, fought over cgain, almost certainly to be succeeded by a change of Government, with the result that praotioally the j whole of 1894 would be passed bofore | the new taxation would come into operation. What the position of the colony would be in each a case we do not care to say ; but the situation would be so deplorable that it is the plain duty of the Council to prevent bo disastrous a calamity. If the Oomnoil does its doty it will immediately force the Government to go to the country. Then the people can decide tbo future taxation, and the new Parliament, with a three years* leaae, will be in a position to pass equitable taxes of so permanent a nature that the State ledger can be balanced, and the ' cursed drift' stayed, with proper provision made for gradually liquidating the deficit. The duty of the Council is plain. An enormous respon sibility devolves on the Second Chamber, and we are confident that its members will fearlessly perform the obligations tbey owe to the people, and, by forcing the Government to face the electors, take the first and great step towards . terminating the existing disgraceful and disastrous muddle into which the politics and finances of the colony have , drifted. Some week or fortnight ago we suggested the publication of a handbook for the information and guidance of Mayors and other Municipal officials wishing to obtain an elementary knowledge of the duties of their positions. It would seem that the need for the brodture is eren greater than was then imagined, and that to the want of it may be traced the otherwise inexplicable delay in the matter of calling a public meeting to protest against the passing of the out rageous Water and Light Bill which the City Council is now trying to foist upon the ratepayers. Naturally the first thing looked for after the signing of the emer gency protest, to which over 1S00 names .ro fif+flnfctu* «.o . nnui:„ the signatories to support their action by cogent and forcible reasons. That it has not been held has therefore caused sur prise, and the more so as it is known that a requisition to the Mayor, having this object in view,; was in coursc of signature immediately after the Bill had been sprung like a surprise upon the citizens. The further history or this requisition will, therefore, be instructive as a Mayoral exemplar of how not to do it. The document, signed by S3 ratepayers, was ready for presenta tion as far back as last Saturday week, but when the gentleman having it in charge called at the Mayoral residence he was informed that His Worship was not at home. On Monday the call was repeated, but with no better success, the bearer being told that the Mayor was ill, and being in consequence referred to tbe Town Clerk. Here he was unable to obtain any further satisfaction beyond that conveyed in a letter, dated tho fol lowing day, referring him to what Alder man Sutton had said in the Council, which, it may remarked, had no connection whatever with the matter in hand, namely, the request for the convening of a public meeting. Further application to the Mayor elicited the permission to call egain on Saturday or Monday, the reasonable presumption being that before th(u tbe Bill wonld be disposed of without trouble arising out of any unpleasant expression of public opinion. The bearer ol the requisition again called on Friday, and was advised by the Mayor to wait still further pending the discussion on ibe Bill to take place in tha Assemblv : that evening. On Saturday morciing the excuse was that the Mayor wished to see tJic members of Parliament who had spoken on the subject, and who would arrive that day from Hobart, as he would like to have them at the meeting. This was accompanied by certain verbal representations, all tending to show how wrong were the ratepayers and how right were the councillors in their respective views of the subject. On Saturday evening the application was again renewed, and then an apparently reluctant consent was given to convene the meeting next Monday week* It was represented that the eliscussion on the Bill was only adjourned till Friday next ; but the Mayor produced a telegram from the Hon. William Hartnoll to the effect that this adjournment was only formal, and therefore was firm in his decision not to call tbe meet in g sooner than theday named. In view of this extraordinary narrative, only two conclusions are poBeible. Either the Mayor has wantonly and wilfully striven to burke the expression of public opinion which will utterlv de feat the Echeme the Council has devised, or he has displayed an almost incredible ignorance of the duties of his position. Upon the presentation of such a docu ment, all he has to do is to satisfy him self that it is signed by such a section of the citizens as are fairly entitled to make the demand, and then to call the i meeting to suit their convenience, I without any reference whatsoever to | I his own views upon the matter ! | in hand. If he be absent, or be in- 1 capacitated by illness, it then becomes i the duty of the Council to act through ! the Town Clerk, and in no case is it part of the Mayoral duties to discuss pros ot cons , and by his action attempt to take the matter out of the hands of its promoters. The other presumption, that tbe obstruction has been wilful and deliberate, with an ulterior object, is one to be arrived at j very reluctantly ; but if the view is ? entertained, the Mayor can only thank I the strangely opportune, or inopportune, | nature of the obstruction he has been ? lUBuuweuiHi iu cieauug. ivegaraea in any light the matter looks bad enough, con tidering the character of the interests at stake, and the necessity /q r prompt action on the part of the citizens. This neces sity grows more urgent day by day, and therefore, failing Mayoral concert, we would strongly advise the signatories to the rcqnieition to act upon their own motion. In such matters the Mayor is only the pgioial agent or montbpiece of the citigens, and if he refuses or neglr-c'ts to act the principals should act for, themselves. The interests of the rate payers demand that the meeting shall be hiJd to support the protest against the Bill which has been already forwarded, i and, despite all obstruction, official or | other, it should be held with as little I delay as possible. The res-dents of Scoitedale are evidently in earnest in their determination to use the legitimate meats of petition to pro test against the retrenchment in the service on the Scott^dale line— a reduc tion which if persisted in will materially Ktatd the ] rogressof the Jforlh-EsstoiTj districts. The speakers at Saturday's meeting made out a strong case, and poseesi a trump card in the fact that the Scottsdale line waa one of the few that last ^ year showed § profit over working expenses. But, much as EUee mere |fl concerned ip this matter, it ii of J still greater and more vital importance to the centres of Bingarooma and on up to Gladstone, where the delay in mail communication alone will prove a serious handicap to the districts. The meeting of Saturday should be followed up by similar action in the neighboring centres, and then, with the petitions which will be forwarded, the wisdom and sense of justice of Parliament will, we are con vinced, secure the prayer of the peti tioners being acceded to, end thus a serious inconvenience and injustice to one of the most important and pro gressive districts in the colony will be removed. — —r— j Tan Wbatekb.— As a ecquel to the severe gale that prevailed daring last week a heavy i downpour of rata took place yeaterday, com- 1 mencisg at 6 o'clock In the morning, and 1 eoatSnnlag without Intermitf tan until Ute in i the afternoon. The evening waa fine, but ! the heavy clouds which eonatantly over* hung the city pointed to a meit probable continuance of wet at no distant period. The following telegraph lines whieh were intercepted by tbe recent gale have net yet been restored : — Sheffield to Bailton, Pen ineala to Dunally, and. H.E. Coast, No. 2, to ficettfdale, Cxtt PenicE Coobt.— Mr G. W. Water* house, P.M., presided at this Court on Satur day morning. Joseph Gfillam pleaded guilty to a charsre of committing an act of in decency in the City Park on the 22nd inst. The accused stated that he waa intoxicated at the time, and did not know what he was doing, The Bench sentenced htm to 14 days' imprisonment. 8.T.A. axd P. Society.— A list of the prises offered for competition at tbe nine teenth annual exhibition of the BonLbern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral So* clety, which takes place on Wednesday, 18th pro*., will be fonnd in another column. Entries close October 7. Bhecp, agricul tural implements, etc., will be judged on day preceding show. Over £600 will be pre sented in ptiteB. Schedules and full par ticulars obtainable from Mr O. E. Daviea, hon. sec., at Hobart. Chess Toobkey.— The annual chess tourney between Jjaunceeton and Hobait, conducted by courtcBy of the Electric Tele graph Department, came off on Saturday afternoon and evening at the old Govern ment Buildinge, St. John-street, and was transmitted by the operators at both ends with most pcrfect succesB. Much local in terest was taken in the game, the progress of which was watched by a number of ladirs and gentlemen. The contestants were pitted as follow, Launceston and Hobart placers being repectively named Prttideut v. Strathearn, Bock v. Toplis, CaaUey v. Searell, M'Einlay v. Burn, Grant v. Pigoolc*, Cum minge v. Howell, Powell v. Bernard, John stone v. EisgEmlil, Hicks v. D'Emden. Six out of tbe nine etts were won by the Hobart players. Tbe game, the President v. Strath earn, which was played from 2 80 to 11*45 p.m., will be referred to tbe chess editor of the Avitralcium for adjudication. Mr Powell, of Launceston, btat Mr Bernard, of stone CLaunor.iton) and Mr Bernard (Hobart) was a drawn game. Tbk Lonqfobd Show.— It will be ee«n, on reference to our advcrtiiiug columns in this issue, that the general manager of the railways has made excellent arrangement? with reEpcct to trains in conncoLion with the Longford Show on the 11th prox. The Bbubase Hotel.— Tenders are now being called by Me&brs;, Corrie and North, architects, for carrying out come additions to the Brisbsne Hotel, which have been decided upon by tbe proprietor, Mr A. De Itnse. The acw works comprise the re moval of the old buildings at the rear of the hotel, and the erection of a new brick wing which will provide sample r oom§ and other conveniences. Mr Delcuic is to be congratu lated upon his praiseworthy efforts to add both to tbe appearance and convenience ot this first' class hotel, which, from aa arohi tectaal point ef view, will not suffer br by comparison with the leading fcotela So Australatia. Laukokstok Bbubi' Committee,— In consequence of the inability of Messrs. Turner and Flctchsr to aecept the position ol canvassers for subscriptions in aid ol the aaezapjoyed, appiicatioos are calicd for from among tbe unemployed for the above purpsse, to be lodged with B. Mowbray, 100 Brisbane-street, by 3 p.m. on Tuesday, 2d£h inet. The committee will meet at Albert Hall at 4 pm. on the same date to consider the applications. Skizube of Cabcage Pobk.— At the mart of Messrs. W. T. B-iil and Co., Limited, on Saturday, the sanitary officer (Mr J. G. Bushman) seized two pigs on aeconnt of the nnwholeEomencss of the flssh. Jt is stated that the carcases were smt to the mart by a butcher who received them the previous day, and evidently did not consider himself justified in retailing them. Ikdecekoy. — The police have made another arrest on the now frequent charge of indecency, This offence is alleged to have taken place in the Depot Gronnds Ust Wednesday. The accused will be brought np at the City Police Court this morning and charged with the offence. LKS CLOCHEB de COANSVIItLS. — Special attention ia directed to tbe production this evening, at tbe Academy of Music, of that tuneful comic opera, 'Lea Cloches de Oorceville' (The Bslls of Coroeville). There will be upwards ol sixty performers engaged, and all have been carefully trained in tbe mneio and incidental stage business. The two fnlldress, scenic, and orchestral rehearsals held at the Academy of Mosio uua wees pas?ea on wiin a emootnness that augurs well for this evening's production. The yonng folks have been traintd by Hcrr and Madame Biebert and others, special scenery has been painted by Mr Gladstone Eyre, and the orchestra has been consider ; most attractive of its class, for the muaic is | bright, while there are several scenes of strong dramatio interest, notably that in which the miser, Gaspard, is confronted in the haunted castle by the ghosts of the buried lords of porneville. The manage ment notify that none bnt those actually engaged in the performance will be per mitted behind the seenes. 41 Les Cloches de OerneviUe' should form a feature in the local productions of the Launceston stage. Tasmania* Ikthbkationai, Exhibi tion. — A special meoting of tbe board of the Exhibition was held at Hobart on Friday afternoon, the president (Hon. W. Moore) in the chair. Daring the proceedings (says the Mermry) Mr Jonbert said that in a con versation be had had with Mr Sutton, M.H.A., that gentleman had suggested that the secretary and one of the director* ehoaid go to Launceston and endeavor to procure shareholders, He had promised to assist them. (Hear, bear.) He himself was going to Dlventone shortly, and would pnt in a word for the Exhibition, The president regretted the lack of assistance and interest buvwu ujr me 4*orsu towarac tne under | taking. The Hobart Exhibition would i benefit Ltnccestcn much 'mere than the Launcestpn Exhibition benefited Hobart. Mr Reynolds iaid that when the Launceston Exhibition was in hand the people there had promised every assist&nce; to Hobart when the time c»m« for her to have an Ex hibitioD if the Southerners wonld only assist then?. The South did assist, and what w&b; the sequel— not onB shareholder from ths North in the Uobart Exhibition. PpBLlp Wongs Tekdsbs— The t llow ing pcbllo works tenders have been accepted j— Bead, Oempinia to Swanssa. Thumb's Marsh, contract 1, T. Gragson, £82 ; road, Gobby's O reek-road, Uxbri^ge devia tion, contract lf M'Gnrk and Brothers, £17 10s; roads, Monto's Marsh district, road to selections of Meesrs Belcher, contract 12, J. B Belebrr, £26 Is 93, Boads, Oircs'ar Head district, parish of Ford, contraot 7, road, branch road west from Bonth-road to selections of Horton and Ear, W, Canning* ham, £99 7s Sd ; contract S, road, branch north from west branch South-road to selec tions of Yonng and others, Brynne and Oiboine. £44 l&s; Sd. Boads, Oam and Sea- : brook district, parish of Calder, road leadinc 1 from Ucunt Hicks-rcad to selections of n, B. ; Mackerzlp, contisct^CC, J. B, Bojle, £5.9 tis 4d; roadr, Flowerdalo district - p» '.th oil of Qaiggin)- load leading from Galder*road 1 to Selections of Al*x&nder;, Johnston, and | others, contract 62, B. Moore and Co., £58 Is ; roads, Pa) iah of Thanet, contract 9, road to selections ot Fisher, Browa, Inns and I others, W. Lewis, £89 ISr 9d ; contrsot JO, road to Grown lands vicinity ot Palfcr'j j Tram, T, A. Davis, fg2 Is Id ; contnct 11, ( Toad to selections of Btubbs and others and Crown iaadi, Z, {ftufabij #18 lis j Ten Utility of tbe AqbntcGekebai-. —The colonial Agent-Seaeral -saya H&mt; Ntust of August 18) may be described a* being perpetually between two fires. Here is London, to tbe stay-at*bome Little Eng lander, he is very much of an unknown— possibly adcspleed— quantity. Similarly, in tbe colonies there is a school; capable of seeing nothing removed from the lips ot their noses, who bold it nndeniable that a residenoe abroad must, if It extend beyond a matter ot months, necessarily lead to an isolation from, and a forge tfulness of, the claims of his colony on the part of the official. Bnt the Little Englander and the bouncing yonng caviller in the colonies are ape to discount far too freely the services rendered by the Agent-General not alone to tho colony ho represents, but to the Empire at laTge. He helps hugely, when weU'chesen, towards preventing friction ; his aid and advice of sterling usefulness. We have been induced to make these remarks by the rumor that the Government at Hobart, smitten with the now general spirit of tctrenohmenf., is about to oommenoe its economy by lopping off its Agency-General. Happily, the rumor is not strictly in ac cordance with tbe fact, and a step that would be retrograde and highly undesirable is not to be taken. But London is to lose Sir Edward Braddon ia October. During his stay at Yictoria-Btrect Sir Edward has not only done work useful to the Empire as a whole, but has proved beyond doubt the fallaciousness of tbe colonial theory attaching to his office. Absence, in his case, has served indeed to ' make the heart grow fonder,' and be anUclpates his return to Hobart with a pleasure which is no doubt v*ry real. A gTand entertainment will be given by the Orpheus Minstrels at Evandale on Wed nesday night. An entertainment will he given in the Library Hall, Wcstbury, to-night by the Westbury Glee Olnb nnder the auspices of The anniversary of tho Perth Baptist Tabcrnaclc will bo continued to day by a tea and public meeting. At tbe latter MnWil J!am Gibson will preside, and addresses will be given by the Bcvs. Brunton, Polking home, Archer, and Walton. Messrs. W. Hartsoll and Co. will offer at their mart thiB morning the very beautiful t nd -valuable residence and grounds known as 'Fair Piece,' on tbo Klphio-road, Laun ceston, the property of Mr ThoB. Corbett ; also the desirable cottage residence tbe corner Hill and Brougham streets, t s Cataract Hill, belonging to Mr A. Murrell, 