ST. SAVIOUR'S CATHEDRAL, C0ULBU8N. DEDICATION OP REREDOS, Sunday last witnessed the dedication of tbe handsome teredos recently erected in St. Saviour's Cathedral by Mrs. Thomas to 1he memory of her husband, the late Right Bev, Hec»c Thomas, D.D., first Bishop of Goulburn. Morning prayer was said at 8 o'clock by the Bev. E. P. Hood, precentor, and the lessons were RESD by tbe Bev. A. T. Puddicombe. Eleven o'clock service, at which the dedication WSB performed, was attended by a large congregation, It commenced with a procession of the choir, clergy, and Bishop, from the western door of the cathedral to their seats in the chancel, daring which the hymn, " Hark, the sound of Holy Voices," was sung. The Litaoy was intoned by the precentor, after which the hymn," Blessed City, Heavenly Salem," was sang. During the singing of the last verse tbe reredos was unveiled by the Dean, tbe Rev. Canon D'Arcy-Irvine, D D,, and the Bev. A. T. Puddicombe, The Dean then addressed the Bishop, saying that he had been deputed by tbe donor to request the acceptance by the Bishop, chapter, and council of that cathedral church of the reredos vbich had now been unveiled, to the glory of God and in pious memory of the late Right Rev Mesac, first Bishop of Goulburn ; and, further, to rrqaest in her name that the gift might be solemnly dedicated to tho service of God. The Bishop, in the name of tbe governing body of tbe cathfdral, accepted the gift and then proceeded tfth the dedication service. This consisted c' prayers and pieces, followed by the dedication in the following words : —««In the name of tbe Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. We bless, hallow, and dedicate thiB gift to he used in the worship of the Alm'ghty^and in the service of His House fTever. AufJi." Other pieces and prayers followed and concluded the dedication service. The hymn, " Who are These like Stars Appearing, These before God's Throne Who Stand V' was sung. The Bishop then read the ante-communion service. The Epistle was then read by the precentor and the Gospel by the Bishop. The hymn, " Lo, Round the Throne, at God's Bight Hand" followed. The Dean then preached a sermon, taking as hii text Hebrews xii, 22 and 23—" But ye are come to the General Assembly aud Church of the First Born which are written in Heaven, and to the spirits of just men made perfect," The offertory collection was then gathered, and was in aid of the funds of the Church Society of the diocese. The Bishop then read the prayer for the Church Militant. A celebration of the Holy Communion, which was well attended, concluded the service. At 3 o'clock a special children's service was held, and was well attended. The Rev. Canon Dr. D'Arcy-Irvine delivered an excellent and At the evening service there was a very luge congregation; the greater part of the building being well filled. The service again began with a procession like that in the morning, the hymn gang being« The Son of God goes forth to War," The prayers were intoned by the precentor. The first leBBon was read by the Rev. Canon D'Arcy-Irvine, D.D., and the second by tbe Rev, A., T. Puddicombe. The anthem was taken from Revelation vii, 13-17. The hymn •ang between the prayers and the sermon was. " Who are These like Stars Appearing ?" Tbe sermon was preached ly the Rev. Canon K'ogamiU of Albary, who took for his text, jwdug xii, 27,« What mean ye by this service V « »ud: This is a question concerning the ^ ra e Passover. We may well believe that it B»e e«ly days it was one of simple inquiry " " tlme has rolled onward to our day the W f" 1^- ° pen UDbeIie£ boldl * <*«!• fTV 8pltUual mysteries. Timid faith 17 ae£end8 ^em. The answer cf the church | e r & \ M * unwavering, that Paschal Feast e d us to Christ Himself. It carries us across 6 J of mote than thirty centuries. It leads us iiri W0 . ted W in which tbe ^tral figure Mb of Israel and the Saviour of the SUtiful work iathi BM( K J , a r ' unveiled twfore to-day, bow forcibly are blight »»cred I . 8th P^ion and that WecUons JT!5.™ worahi P 8lMl lhe tenderest «* intelt Chri8tlftn ^ In view of "ece r 86rvices of lhia corning there lMth an d tfe.^ . qweken our interest in o«t thiot n i P ° Wer of ^ ™rd. May w 8 , torical contiuuit y Israel b i efcwt & rj ^timate development into the > «« Christian I8tlan wor8 Feist U worship) this th h 'P) this Patchal Viatory 0( " stwtia K Pwnt in the spiritual Hthe™f atl0n ' 8 Ufe That \- nation is cer. my8terious an have e, d interesting people other r J^ 1 roddea lhU earth - MOM than they aQd ^afihtL a • s r^ards spiritual things, of More th*n Bhy other people have thej> mortd all the currents of human thought which set toward the throne of God. To gay where they kept the Passover would be to carry us across more than thirty ttenttttiej. But even the la B t lsoo years opens to us a page ol history which has been written by the finger of God. Whett the Roman desolation came, and a nation of tierce countenance whose tongue they knew not besieged them in all their gates, they were swept from that land in which they had Blain Him who was the Messiah of Israel and the Saviour of men. We gase with wondering eyes Upon that avtftil history, yet amidst conquest, slaughter, famine, and slavery, they kept the Passover. In the foulest quarters of great European capitals, in the cities of Germany and England, of Rusaia and France, they kept the Passover. « Scattered and peeled " as they were, and swept through all lands with BtormB of cursing, vexation, and rebuke, they kept tKe Passover. They lived in Norman dungeons, they were cut down by the swords of the Crusaders, they Were burned and banished and wasted eveFmoie. Yet even under the rule of Gothic kings and the tyranny of Mohammedan princes, even in Malabar, upon Indian coasts and within the great wall of China, they kept the Passover. If great and warlike nations could have exterminated them they would have vanished long ago. If cruelty and rapacity, hatred sb i fanaticism, could have destrcyed tbem, it would have been done; but they cannot cease to be, according to the sure word of prophecy, until their strange destiny is accomplished. Surely thie is continuity. Butthe scene iscbaoged. On that memorable Thursday evening which preceded the great sacrifice of Good Friday this Jewish ordinance is changed once and for ever into something greater, deeper, and of more lasting sign ficance than the Passover itself. In the gathering dusk of that memorable evening tbe Lord with His disciples p«Bsed that familiar road over the Mount of Olives, which His sacrei feet were never again to tread, lhe large upper room was made ready, the same perhaps in which they saw, "not many days hence," their Lord, risen. Around that table are gathered men whose words will yet shake the world; one sacred figure presides, and now the Passover is itself about to pass away, Tbe Paschal lamb passes away in the presence of that " Lamb slain from tbe foundation of tbe wor d." The bread of Israel passes, for Christ says, " I am the bread of life; he that cometh unto Me eball never hunger, and he that believeth in Me shall never thirst." Transfigured, translated into the highest act of Christian worship, Wd now keep the Christian Feast in remembrance of the great sacrifice. We hear much of evolution in this our day, but surely there is evolution in the deep mysteries of God. Moses, prophet and lawgiver, fades from our sight in that unknown grave in the mountains of Moab ; Aaron is stripped of bis priestly robes; the choirs of Levites are silent for ever ,* the Ark itself is lost in the dim and stormy past. But Christ is here, "the end of the law for righteousness" to him that believeth; tbe Messiah of Israel and the Saviour of men is with us now. But once more the scene is changed. We are here living in a land whose very existence was unknown to our forefathers. That beautiful work of art unveiled to-day reminds us of two things. It reminds us how this ancient church to which we belong, Catholic aud Apostolic, baa been transplanted here from the old English land; and it reminds us of that departed English Bishop who sleeps here in the beautiful house which he built!" and who did such noble work in planting that church amongst us. That church is here, her confessions of faith, her liturgies, and her ancient services. She is here loyal to her Saviour as she ever has been " holding forth the wordB of life." Like tbe ancient pharos which flung its beams over the dark and stormy seas, revealing the friendly harbour and warning of cruel reefs and sunken rockr, she is holding forth this word of life. The name of the late honoured and loved Bishop can never be dissevered either from this beautiful cathedral or the church which he helped to plant in this land He often said " everything which we learn when young, if consecrated to the Master's service, always becomes useful afterwards." When an undergraduate at Cambridge some young men formed themselves into a society for the purpose of studying church architecture, they visited those wonderful old churches whose very stones are sermons full of the memories of past ages and which seem to echo the voice of wofebed generations. Waves of change, revolution, and conquest passed over the old English land; but her churches are imperishable histories written in stoue, telling us of past generations, In Saxon or Norman arch, ia massive tower, or flying buttress, we trace the history of those who sleep within their precincts. Our late bishop has shown in this beautiful structure some result ef the knowledge gained whoa young. As this cathedral rose under his loving care he studied wuh deepest intent the plans of Ifi? talesied architect. And shall we not remember who in the full generosity of her spirit has -presented this noble gift. Generous to a fault and giving all she ever had of time, of strength, or money to the Maker's csuBe, her great motto through life has been, "four servant for Christ's s&ke.;" But one Word of this beautiful reredos. It reminds that as we have been Speaking of continuity aud development, the sacred feast itself shall one day pass. "Till He come" sounds like a trumpet through the epistles of the great Apos les. "Behold the Lamb of God which takflth away the sin of the world," is fol. lowed by afiother revelation," Behold He cometh with clouds and every efe shall see Him and yet another, " Behold the tabernacle of God is with men." In that day there will be no remembrance. " Beloved now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when He shall appear we shall be like Him for we shall see Him as He is." At the conclusion of the Bermon the offertory was gathered and was again in aid of the funds of the Church Society, The hymn, "Lead kindly Light amid the Encircling Gloom," wa 8 sung, and the service concluded with the Benediction pronounced by the Bishop. The choir, Bishop, and clergy left the cathe. dral by the western door, the recessional hymn being "Now Thank We all our God." Special music appropriate to the occasion was used at the morning and evening service. 