Topics . Bro. Crabb, tha Tcmperaico crusader, nnd areli enemy of tho publican, started his peri odical mission in the county lust Suturdny night, when ho took up n po3Hion at iho Gontonniul Fountain and soon drew nn aUtlieucc. A police man, however, whose s'.)lo niij-snu seems lo bo to regulate tho traffic, an J order peoplo to move on if they dare to pnuse, otderod Mr.Crabb to move on. At tho sumo time, nt tho next corner, the Salvation Army, wit!i bannir, life und drum, held the fort ou the eastern side, whilo a party of missioner * skirmished on tho western Hunk. In no one instance was-irarHo largely interfered: with, but wi- fnnoy tho missioners' audience blocked the sidewalk most. * ' ' ?--.-?-. We were about lo find fault with fhe.minions of tho law for their faulty diso'rimidauon ; but ire are perplexed as to what circumstances guide them in this wise. A woek or so ago the liev. Mr. Gainford, whilo addressing a sraull audience, was ordered to movo from the sxm'o spot whoro last week he addressed a verjr largo gathering ! By tho wny, the Eev. Gaiaford hits hard and often, and now and then leaves an opening, na Peter Jackson would say. Last Saturday night he was in- tho company of several of Mr'. Grubb's converts, whom he characterised as young men who could live without the aid of such tonics as the bar-oom, thn billiard rcom, or iho Devil's lolly-Rtibk — the pipe. Of oourso most of those present, boieg'smokers, took the hitter part of tho statement for what it whs worth— smoke. As wo gassed through. our own cloud of smoke, at that little, band of mission beys, we saw at least two who 'did nrt'.' live without sucking the Devil's lolly-stick, even though they 'uould ' do so. Men.coaimHnd respect wlienthoy speak the |ruth: boldly ;: but; they -make a .'lot' of leeway whon they utter; bnld^hcnded -assertions. ; ?The theory . that: smoking creaies a thirst is; boab,- as proved by; our -own experience. And mgaio,s one of the! thiraliest ? souls we. etec knew was a : noti-. smoker. And again, it istnordiuclinntiou than thiist that le^s a man to the tap'-room. ' - ! :i:'' ?'? ^f.*';. . --.' ??;.?.-..;- :.; ; Thepisition of the n9W Mayor of ErminglODl ?arid'Bydalmere is not, it would seem,' Id bo a' pathwrty : strewn -with; buttercups and ? ilaisies. It-is moro likely, to \ bo a journey over ninetallod road, without. aiij^blinding on it. The.munioi-i pility.is not in such a flourishing condition that it can stand much of the 'pull Baker, pull Devil ' business, and the aldermen will yet find out that, iu order to n void' quicksands, the parly - .question must be placed . in the back-^ ground. We say, ' placed in tho background,', becnuso it would be useless, as well us con trary to tho law wtioh sways the municipal .hearts of men, to ask ihstn to plaoo their party feelings in a: depot any further away than in tho background. ' \ ?-*?#. . . '????:'.' Ho.no Eulo, it would seem, is not to-be dis ' posed of without: incurring tbo risk of a civil wnr between tho North and South of unhappy' Ireland. Tha. blending' of the Ornnge nndtha 'Green would seem to be -less practicable than' the blending of oil and water. The result of Gladstone's- ' blpnd' will7 bo no more satis-' factory than somp of tho special blends of tea advertised nowadays. ? *? » ? ?' - '? ? - I ' ?♦ ...-?? APatramatta man euggesiu that it will' be neccujniy to draw a liao across the map of Erin and create two. colonies. If that would sottle^ the matter it would save' tho Ktnpire perhaps mints of money nnd hogsheads of blood. We commend tbo ideu, without copyright, to the consideration of iho Grand Old Man,, who lives' now only to see the consummation of Home Uule. - ; ? * . : i As wo warned the ratepayers of Rydalmera' that it -would do, the alteration in the per sonnel of their Council is soon proving n mis-' chievous one. Alderman Bynn's primary object in getting into tho Counoil was to havo a dig at Ex-Mayor Williamson. Last Friday eyoning ho ebmmonoed some acrioultural strokes in u very clumsy way, and whon replied to by the Ex -May or, the graceful nldermanic chicken retorted with ' Youi-'ro.a liar.' For tunately, both for Alderman Kyan's 6ako and public decency, other aldermen got between tho belligerents and prevented the ax-Mayor's onslaught. * » What a demon ex- Mayor Williarasou ii in opposition, to bo sure. If ho is licked on one amendraont, ho has three or four moro to back it up, even though ho hasn't a ghost of a show of carrying1 them. Tho wonderful oifergy that ho exerts in facilitating business when in power, ho utilises whon in opposition to obstruct and impede. His long hut of ques tions, amoudmontti and resolutions at the last meeting was not in tho best of tasto and will havo the effect with fair- minded men of making his own methods recoil on 1'imseU. Whilo having ono eye firmly lixcl on Alderman Ryan's machinations, Alderman Williamson might do himself ju«tico by lending a helping hand to tbo now Mayor, whom T.M. will not find such a bud fellow after all. Why Mr. Whitaker, as Sei-ro'iiry of tho Fruitgrowers' Union, whoulJ have boon called upon to pay travelling expenses in getting r.'iind on the Union's business is u conundrum. The only wonder U that ho has tolerated so long such a manifestly unjust, arrangoiuont. Homo prompt action should bo tuken by Municipal Councils to protest ugs.inst tho withdrawal of Go\ eminent subsidy to maintain und beautify our public parks. In I'nrramnttta it dr.es not so much matt,-r, bccni.se tho trust do not concern themselves about improving a' d beautifving. As 1 ing us they cut. jog along iu i ho old stylo, they are satisfied. °But at Granville. for instain.-o. it is different. Theio they have plantations r.ud ilnver beds which require constant atlimtiuii. If this is tmldenly Kloppsd, the work uf years will ba npuiled and absolutely thrown away, and the park will oucc in -re become a wilderness and an oyesore. Who was tho tor.chor that was diecoverod by his inspector smoking in tho schoolroom, lounging on tho table, whilo his scholars wero playing up hyginxl- Ho is sotuowhero with in a few miles of Parrmnatti, nnd did not know t'.iat t-ho now inspeitir was getting around. Teaching tho young idea how to smoke is tho lutes1, innovation in tho omi -imiliiiii; but as tho innovation hud not vcoeivad ollicual saui-tion, mi inquiry is to M- h:-ld into tho why and whorcforo of its introduction. Talking of schools, a story vns related t. ) us tho other day which shows thti keen competition thut exists between enthtisinMie ' National ' school teachers and thoso of a dcnomiuntionnl olmraoter. Ti'.i.s Oiicnrred in the. Parr.i niitia district. A ilissniisliod p iront, .jealous of tho success of a neighbour's children in pa--Bing University ix.inis., dutrrir.ined to t:ike his eldest boy from the Publi ?: School and (jivo him a show nt a denoiuinatiouiil school. At tholattor school ho wns soon iu harness for the exam., but the Public School man was fur Irom satisfied. Tho parent had left in his chorgo a younger boy, anil alter several applications ho succoodod in Knininu; tha father's oon.-cut to propnro him nlso for the cxntn. Both boys then entoiod'iuto tho fun excitedly, feeling that on them rested tho houor of their respective s-'hools. Of course each teacher did his utmost to coach up his particular charge, and, as thctrnincis sny, they both went to thu post as tit as a fiddle. When the report -i appeared, the l'ublic Sohool teacher was mad with joy. His young 'un had pnsscd tho ixain. wi'h ilyinp colours, while tho elder brother was plucked— badly plucked. The elder boy now siis on a lower form lhau that occupied by h's bi other. Tho picture of the drafts of old men from tho Parrnmaita asylums quitting tho train at Rookwood on Thursday reminded us of tho good old dummying days, whon n few scoro of them wero told oil to Pockntaroo. and othor places to select. It was a touching enough' picturo to make llughey weep. What does the jury's verdict in tho Fergu son libel casu carry to tbo public mind P -Mr. Ferguson is simply found guilty on a minor count nnd oven thon is strongly recommended to mercy. It oertainly says that tho jury took a very loniont viow of tho old votornn's pepper ing of West Macqunrio's idol. Now overy body is anticipating JudgoBaokhnuse'a verdict, and aftbr'Monday wo' -vill all say 'I told you bo'.' Tho Nelson Progressionists are sorely exer cised in mind ai.d spirit, and they journeyed down to Dural tho other night to the progres sionists roosting on tho orange trees out thnt way to complain that they cannot mako their member do as he is told. In short, Nelson expects ovory man to do his duty, but in the case of a member of Parliament he must. do his duly as ho is told by his constituents nnd bo aa obedi3nt as wero tho jack-tars under the illus trious one-atmo? gunner who busted up the French fleet in Trafalgar Bay or thereabouts. V' Tho mattor was taken very seriously, as our readers may imagine, when it is considered that the Nelsonites tramped all the way to Dural to confer with tho local progress asso ciation 'about tho insubordination of logislatorH. It isn't quito clear what was tho upshot of the whole business ; but so fur as wo can make out from ths reports, the Dural men simply sucked oranges whilo tho Nolsou fellows stormed and howled for tho blood of. thoir raorabors. It is l'ko shifting a haunt of foxes with a pop- gun, -r to try and exoitb 'a - Dural Vfruitgrowoiv :ThGro's no sentiment, out that .way, and the irioro the Nelson fellows rngod the loss exoi ted ; became tbo Dural men, aud tho harder they; hung on to thoir oranges. Ono Dural man did, ask ' should a raombor. only bo a delegate?': but that was all ; that passed, and he fastened; ou:to his orungoagain, with a stony stare at tho Nelson men,-nnd when the latter filed out- to go home they fe.lt as if ..they had been caught, ?rifling a bohind man's walot. ? ' ,....-.. ? '''?'? Mr. Koughley is very kind to say ' b« regrottod to notice that Bill. Hawkins hadn't the savoy to send his opinions on tho c-nso question to a paper that the 'fruitgrowers road.' But Mr. It. need: .not weep. That's a way Bill has. We have clean bowled him once or twice for a duck, and that's pio to Bill. Whon it comes to writing to your valuable journal, it is not plain Bill, but Mr. William Hawkins, and of course wo only know plain Bill. Still, when we come to think' of it, ' it, is real kind of Me. Hawkins to Bond his screed to our oou temporary. Kiud to us, we- mean, V . , -?''?'; The MinisterforAgrioultura probably does not know a paddy -melon from a Cape jroosoberry, but ' in some respects ho puts his shovel into' Dopart mout'il areas with as muoh pliancy (as Jim Koll would say) as a Toougabbio chow. We notico that hn is wrestling with that woiphty ', A.grioultural Gazette' and wants to know you know why tho country should be pnt to all the cost and trouble of its production. This bo a fair question too. Master Tom. Why all this laborious mountain for a kitoheupussy irritatot ? « » Now we havo a suggestion to mako to tho Honorablo' Tom. Iu tho first place ougago a real good aub-cditoi of tho agricultural order, with a mighty big pair of shears and a pen like a crow-bar. Let overy Dopartra6ntal 'wrilist'&' screed pass through the sub editor's mill, and when it lias gono through a crushing of about 2 dwts. to the ton, havo a hundred or so sheets struck oft' and supplied to tho prinoipal journals in tho colony, starting with the Anaus. If tho copy h endorsod by a reputablo sub-editor, the, agricultural papers will rush it, Or, better still pri-hans, haro thousands of oopies struck oft1 in tho form of a supplement, say onio a quarter and supplied to tho journals aforesaid, starting as before, of eourso, with the Anoud. Issued in this form, it would bo oasily grasped by the farmer or orchardist, and would bo read for a certainty. At present scarcely anyone has tho patience ta taok at tho 'Gazetto' — t-likt is whon they seo it, and that is seldom indeed. ; Tho expoiifw of such ». production would ba a moru bagnkllo ns compared to tho present ctftly publication, and it would also havo tho grout advantage of being read whon it is primed. But. for tho Abguj clippings from tho ' Gazette,' Mr. Anderson and his literary pals, would bo nn uurend as aomo of our lightning contemporaries. The- professional nuditora bavins; shuck work, Mayor Byx'iics should havo closed his luiuo and refused the strikers even tho satis faction of a conference If wo h'ld had a Brokon Hill Byndioatc Mayor hero whilo the Ktriko was on, what a lively timo Alderman Thorpu'a proteges would havo received, to bo mire, Kutnour says that ' Ctowoii Brae ' may yet ho a gubernatorial country seat. Why not ? It lms everything to commeud it. Near to town, aud yot in tho country, and it hits tho yet greater advantage of being near to Parra matta. Wu suppose, though, Capttin Ijui-ih would rcquiro to bo consulted on Mint subject. S;iy as n matter of courtesy only. Humour generally has mote to do with a man's lifo and properly than hu has himself. At any r.-ito, ho would havo to bo a jolly good Governor to take tho placo of the geniul Captain— that is, if the pooplu iu this district had u suy iu the matter. 