LIQUID AIR. At the Royal "Institution recently Professor Dowar leotured Upon Liquid A.ir, and gave some of tho results of his rocent investigation of tho properties of mat tor at very low' tompbraturos. In his nrefatorv remarks the Ieoturcr touched lightly upon the difficulties of what he justly desoribed ns " pioneer work " in n region Where the explorer has to feel his untried way, to .encounter every kind of uhforoBcen obstaole, to invent and construot his apparatus as lie .goes, and to depend for such guidance as he can get upon the assumption of tho' validity of laws whioh sometimes prove subjeot to serious modi fications. Liquid oxygon, until quite reoently, was a curiosity produced in ', quantities of a few grammes, too small and too evanescent to admit of any oxiiot and systomatio examination of its properties.' Professor Dewar. produces it by tho pint, and demonstrated its , moro obvious physical properties— its beautiful color, tho blue of the sky, its high magnetic quality and its ohnraotoristio spectrum — with as; much facility as if he had been dealing with water. But all this, simple sis it perhaps looked, has only recently become possible, and that through n very beautiful discovery of Professor Dowar's, possessing equal practical and speculative value.: Liquid oxygen, boiling at 182 deg. below zero, is at ordinary temperatures always in a state of violent ebullition, which, in the first placo, means very rapid dissipation, and in tho second interferes seriously, and for many purposes fatally, with the determination of its proper ties. Tho double problem, therefore, wab to find somo means of preventing tho waste of a costly liquid and of obtaining it in n state of qui- esoenco suitablo for experiment. All the ordinary non-conduoting devioos proved useless, but tho problem was solved by the discovery that by surrounding tho vessel containing tho liquid with a very high vaouum tho influx of heat from outsido oould be reduced to one- seventh, as was proved by actual moasuromont of tho escaping gas, or, by other refinements not shown, to a yot lowor point. Tho rosult is liquid oxygen at a tomperature below its boiling point, tranquilly and slowly evaporating as water evaporates at moderate tomperatures. No ordinary vacuum is of any uso. It muat bo a high vaouum, and Professor Dewar has given a new significance to the phrase; for ho lias produced vaoua measurnblo in hundred thou sandth millionths of an atmosphere, and bv means which exhaust the largest vessels moro quiokly than the mercury pump exhausts tho smallest. Blany remarkable phenomena wore shown, but none was moro worthy of attention than the little bulb of liquid oxygen, something be tween a walnut, and a golf ball, which hung in a clip/upon tho lecture table. It wus filled and hung up at an early period of the lecture, and it remained four-fifths ' full at. tho close. If a conjurer had made his appearance with a largo vessel of boiling water and a brisk lire beneath, and if in that wator ho had boiled for half - an hour a piece of ice as big as a golf ball without reduoing it by more than one-fifth, every ono would have boon vastly astonished. But tlio little bulb full of liquid oxygen was far more wonderful. Tho difference of temperature bo-' tween the conjuror's ioe and his boiling water is 100 dog. centigrade. The. difference between the temperature of Professor Dewnr's bulb and tho air of .tho theatre was not less than 210 deg. oentigrado. Yet, though that scorching blast necessarily had free access to the oxygen in ono dirootion, the liquid was so perfectly proteoted by its vaouum jaoket ns to attain that relatively high degrco of pormanenoo. We sometimes hoar alarming calculations concerning the cooling down of this poor littlo world of ours, whioh is supposed to bo con stantly radiating its boat into limitless space. But. is it? We, too, havo our vacuum jaoket. Surrounded by an atmosphere which at its upper limit must be as thin as Professor Dowar's vaouum, we aro toaring through Bpaoo at tho rate of 18 miles per second. It must bo empty space, otherwise that attenuated and feebly attracted uppor air could not keep its placo at suoh an enormous velooity. The phenomena shown by Professor Dowar points towards the conclusion that thero is no radiation across an absolute vaouum. The ornoial experiment would bo an hermetically sealed bulb of liquid oxygen Belf poised in. tho centre of a porfeot vaouum. That experiment we obviously oannot make. When we havo dono our best thero is always some oonveotion between tho glass spheres and some direct conduction through their junction besides rapid oonduotion and oonveotion at tho unprotected surfaoo of tho liquid. These chan nels may bo fairly held to acoount for all the heat that readies tho oxygon, and if we assume this to be corrcot, it scorns to follow that tho earth swinging free in a perfect vaouum radi ates no heat beyond tho limit of its own atmosphere. This, howevor, is by tho way, and merely to show how far-roaohing aro the specu lations. suggested by theso low temperature experiments. Not; only is liquid oxygen rendored thus suscoptlble of complete nnd leisurely examina tion, but it becomes a valuable means for pursu ing further research. It was shown that atmosphorio air can bo condensed into a liquid at ordinary pressure by tho cold of liquid oxygon boiling under tho air pump. Liquid air, which was also shown in quantity produced by other means, enables us to effect a further rcduolion ot tomperature, and, therofore, an approach to tho solution of the tremendous problem of liquefying hydrogen. A gas whioh occupies weight for weight nearly 15 times tho volume of air, and requires for liquofootion a tcmporsturo 20 dog. or 30 deg. lowor than the lowest yet produced, obviously offers difficulties of an unusual kind. If tlioy nro eyer overcome it will bo duo to tho great advance wo have just desoribod in tho mothods of storing and manipulating liquid air. An interesting illustration was given of tho essential difference between a liquid nnd a gas of identical composition. Air , liquefies as. a whole, the liquid containing oxygen and ni trogen in tho normal atmospherio proportions. But whon tho liquid is nlloweii to boil it follows the laws of mixed liquids, tho nitrogen with its lower boiling poiut distilling off first nnd show- ing no nppreoiablo admixture of oxygen until half of tho mass has .evaporated. It was also Shown by various experiments that liquid ah behaves in tho mngnetio field and in tho spectre, scope simply as diluted oxygon. Its colitis to tho beautiful blue of oxygon ns tho wntervskv common in this country to tho azure we sib through breaking clouds after a storm. Professor Dewnr had no time to do more than barely nlludo to tlio oleotrioal investigations whioh lie has rendered practicable, and lins undertaken in conjunction with Frofossor Fleming. They find that perfectly puro metals show; a power of conducting oleotrioity which inoronses as tho tomporaturo falls, in such wiso that all tho curves of temperature resistance tfould if produced pass through the zero of abso lute temperature. In other words, if wo could imagino a wire of any puro metal stretched through intorstollar spaco electricity would pass through an infinite length without loss, and without producing any of the thormal oifeota inseparable from resistance in ordinary oondi- tions. But if thero bo the smallest impurity evon a slight of somo allied metal' this law of diminishing resistance does not hold good. On the other hand, tho non- motallic bodies that havo been examined heliavo in exactly tho opposite manner, showing a con- ductivo power which increases with tlio tem perature. Thoso curious observations await in. terprotation, but, like several other points in connection with low temperature experiments thoy aro eminently provocativo of speculation! In tho meantime, wo are provided with a method of unappronohed dolicacy for determin ing tho purity of metals. For example, niokcl- chemically puro so far as ordinary tests can disl cover, does'not conform to the law, but nickcs deposited by BIr. Blond's now process from it, combination with carbon monoxide obeys tho law porfeotly, thus proving that all other nickel, however carefully prepared, retains somo traces of impurity. "Wo have no absolute definition of an olement. All that a chemist means by tho term is a -substance which our utmost efforts havo so far failed to decompose. But theso electrical experiments, at all- events, show that some of what wo call elements do differ in essential rcspeots from what we recognise as compounds, and carry that . difference unim paired to the very brink of the grave. For it is matter in arliculo mortis upon which tho audience were privileged to look. At tho temperatures they saw ohomical forces aro in complete abeyance; and oxygen beeomcs as inert no nitrogen. A few degrees lowor and tho last traces will disappear of that molecular motion whioh we call heat, tho most mobile gas will be frozen into rigidity, and tlio properties by which we recognise matter will vanish. In a world at the temperature of that littlo bulb on the locturo table bergs of silvery potassium might float for ever untarnished upon seas of liquid oxygen. A littlo lower — only a little, though it is muoh to nohievo— the rarest form of. matter with whioh we have any acquaintance will in turn surrorider that mysterious energy which for tho present baffies our ablest oxpcrimentcrs. At 270 dog., or thereabouts, below zero centigrade, hydrogon itself will givo up' the ghost, and matter as wo conceive it will bo dead. It will bo seen that vast fields of inquiry aro opened up by tlio investigations now carried on in the laboratory of the Royal Institution, which is fully maintaining that eminent position in soionoo won for it by Faraday. In n oountry which owes its wealth and standing in the world to tho " pioneer work" of its mon of science, it may lie hoped that investigations such, as . wo linvn ititli/mfml will tmfc hn fillnwrul fn InnPtilflh for want of funds. — Times. 