? Sib .William and Lady Clarke are still at Sunhury. Owing to the recent bereavement in her family. Ladv Clarke is not entertaining any house party at " Hupertswood" beyond the members of her own immediate iuuiilv. Mus. Maddkn, the wife of the new Chief Justiceis a daughter of Mr. Frank Stephen, sen., the solicitor. Mrs. Madden is an extremely handsome woman. Mub. Mai.lkbon, whose health has been much affected by her recent great loss, will shortly eave for Europe. The much-admired retreat at the Launching 1'lace is in the market. Mr. Alf. Josephs has bought the beautiful horse Mrs. Malleson usually drove in her hansom. The late Lieut.-Col. Conran, who died at West Geelong on Tuesday last, was twice married. His first wife was a daughter of the late Mr. Wills, of Lucerne, and his second a daughter of the late Mr. Hugh L. M'LeoJ, of Benveo', Mount Gambier. He leaves a widow and six children. Loud Jerber will open the new Scots' College in connection with the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales on !?Sth January. Qukkx Victoria keepsall herdrcsses. Shehas thousands on hand, strange ghosts of rejoicing and woe. The lady who writes as " .1. S. Winter " exposes it all in her magazine. Queen Elizabeth thus ... kept 1 , her , dresses, , ,' .1000 of which were turned out. alter ber death, but George1\ T1r , . . beat ,, all. ,, , . . , . .' . , b , . . H seemed to think bis coats, , • breeclies, waistcoats, bats, boots, ties, were objects of c worship, , • fort f liny were all found in lavender when he died, with , .. , , , ,, , , . ^ WW scattered up and down m the pockets U-e Q'"-'™ even kept all her old doll,e.,. The personal columii of a New Vork daily coiitains this golden opportunity :—-'A well-educated man of good position will marry any lady of means who will provide funds for him to procure a ivorce from his present wife, whom lie cannot, get along with." Onf. of the curiosities of Lord Brassey's house ri i>al.k-lane is the marble figure of a'sleepiug infant, :eposing on crimson velvet in cushions, which are arranged as a divan in the central hall of the museum. It is the sculptured portrait of one of the first Lady Brassey's children, who died of fever, and the marble child was taken with ber wherever she travelled. Mr. Macdonald Cameuon, the newly appointed Masier of the Sydney Mint, was entertailed by the Savage Club, London, on 25th November last. Aiichbishoi-;Cboke, of Cashel, wiU shortly pay a visit to Australia. n„ Tony Bkosvnless, of Sydney, has been on a . few days' visit to bis father. Sir Anthony Colling lirownless, Chancellor of the University. Madame Antoinette Sterling, the eminent English contralto, who is coming out to Australia g!lc !lils !n.1(je her reputation bv the possession of q{ thu smndttst voiCes woman ever possessed, of a beautiful stvleof siugingwliichimght well !>,. the envy of uny'vocal artiste. It she comes ))erR OTir am;lteurs will learn more about expression from hearing her sing " Auld Eohiu Gray " once ,than they could learn from any singing master in a year, read that He it Itichter "once broke a ),a(0n j„ his despair "at having to conduct, an orchestra to suit the style of Madame Antoinette sterling. Whether lie'broke it over her head, or whether lie cracked the small of his violin, we are not told. But, for humanity's sake, we don't tliink profeSsor Marshall Hall ought to be allowed to conduct an orchestra for Madame when she comes liere jn ti,e autumn. If Riehter ouly broke a baton through her, Hall (whose temper is much worse) would kill somebody He might fling the conductor'B desk at the the Lead of Julius Horz < Mbs, N^olas, of "Toorak House." with her family have gone to their estate in the Western {^rict for a few wo^s. Dr. and Mrs. Barrett have accompanied them. Mlfs G M U T Chalmehs and her little son, who )mve blJRn BIaJ.ing at the Grand Hotel for some ime, left for a tour round the New Zealand Sounds by the s.s. Waii-ampa on 7th January. London the other day Wo giil< •.ivre wan to for some kind of work on n journal. Th.- oilic was oil a third floor. The stairs, the passages the entrance were blocked with Women of":ill ages—from young and elderly—pressing in, pushing, waiting, eager for the chance. Some were waiting on the stairs for throe hours before the innn:iger put out his head and shouted that he was soiled, and that they could all go awav a.rain. The pav offered was five shilling? a week. Loitj) Jkukkv and fumilv left Sydney on Monday last on a trip to the Jenolnu Caves. '1'iicv were also accompanied by the buehc.'-s of Buckill ingharn and Cha) visit to Sydney. be absent fo 1 he party about a wee I;. iiii. Coi-ki.ani). Minister f Lands. Sydney, spent last week in Me)hour , and returned to Sydney on SatuivJny. He w enterlained at .'i banquet prior to his depart ur Mji. Bksast has beon froipientl, sked why a enrtain story is called the - The' Ivorv 1 ^telle answers—'In the sixth hook of the • ,10nid ' •-that wonderful book of allegory and niysterv — it is relator! 1 hat rhere are two g:ite? ill 1 he Palace of Sleep. One of th>-se is of horn, and the other is of ivory. Out,.if the Winer, dreams iha1 are true nr<' issued ior sleejiing men: mit u!' tin? liilter, dreains that an: fal.-:,.. Tiiat, is all. The application of the fable lefi tf. the reader o) 1 hi: •story." Lamks have not vet gone in for the law in Melbourne, but assiu'edlv they will, and we read that a lady has been made Ait.irney-Geiier.il of Montana, m the I'uited State::. Come now, where is the girl graduate with the pluck for la,v ? Ladv Lvtton. who has been staying with her sister, Lady Loch, at the Cape is in very straightened circumstances. The Lochs, oil the other hand, are in most prosperous circumstances. Under the guidance of tile wealthy and astute ( Veil Uhodes, Sir Henry lias become a rich mail. That idea] of a private secretary, Seymour Fort, is managing some big wholesale business at the Cape. The post ho formerly occupied with the Lochs is filled by a Boer gentleman. In her report to the lady managers of the Women's Department of the World's Fair Commission, Mrs. Potter Palmer says that a restauraut and dormitory tor the. use. of single women will be attached tc Women's Buildings, now in course of completion. At a scratch fancy dress ball given recently by the visitors at the Mount Martha Hotel Miss Latham utilised the lace window curtains and chains to form a classic costume for herself. This impromptu get-up was the success of the evening. The lady who appeared at the New Year's race meeting with Lady Hopetoun and the Duchess of Buckingham armed with a sketch-hook was a Mits Blackburn. Mes. J. T. Bpxton, of South Yarra. is entertaining a small house party at her charming little place at Lome. Madamm Mahchksi has a great many American and English ladies in her class. The club started in Paris by English lady artists is flourishing. Trmuv.i dresses are not now a necessity of fashion; indeed, the smartest people are not wearing them so long as last year, either for evening or morning, but they must not cling about the feet; to prevent this the skirts arclined with horse-hair. A good many habits are made in bronzecoloured cloth, and the idea is somewhat new. The froek-eiat back aud the short white lappels, the right front buttoning over the left with four large buttons, the fronts loose and rounded off to show the, waistcoat, is a good style. 7'hese waist coats may be made in Tatter.-all cloth, or leather or plain cloth. There is a disposition to lengthen the skirts of habits now. There is a safety skirt, which has found general approval. Young girls in the schoolroom are wearing Norfolk jackets for riding. Ax autograph letter with a singularly pathetic interest was sold at Sotheby's some time »ince. If was written from the Tower of London by Thonn* Went.wortli, Karl of Strafford, to his wile, on the 4th January. UiWJ-l. In it he says : " The Charge is now cum inn and 1 am now able to prayse God to tell you that conceave tber is nothing Capitall and for the rest, I knowe at the worste his Maj>; will pardon all without hurting my fortune.'' This letter—which is said to be the last lie ever wrote—was purchased by Mr. Quaritch for i'lin 