Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London, September 16, 1893. MY DEAR CLARA,-Mind, there are steps-one, two, three, four ; give me your hand, now jump. Look out for the brambles ! My-don't they tear your dress. Down, down we go, laughing and ambling, and are caught in the bushes by the .jes; caught by our hats and our back hair, furiously disarranging our "very latest" in the ay of frizettes. We struggle frantically, and -, jcape, leaving the best part of our decorations '? on the branchée. Our feet tangle in the trong undergrowth, the soft breeze floats i Jong with mild persuasive murmur, agitat- ing everything, and filling our eyes, and ears, and lose, with the irritating "sneezy" seeds of the tall waving, over ripe grasB. As we go further down the dense vegetation grows denser and the trees crowd over us closer and closer, and through them creeps the fading sunshine in long linea of yellow dusky light filled with dancing atomB. . How sleepy it all seems ! The wild flowers, disturbed in their repose, nod their heads from out their soft and mossy beds. The air is warm and humid and full of the smell of the earth, and with all sorts of flies and gnats and things with wings and daddy- longlegs humming and buzzing and brushing by, And in the half darkness you run up against long lines of unsuspected and prehensile cobwebs, and they creep in a friendly and inquisitive way ovei your face and eyes and hands and make you shiver. Ugh ! # Never mind the nasty things. Come along. How etUl it is-nothing but the everlasting hum of the insects and the whispering of the leaves, whispering to each other all the scandals brought from afar by the. gossiping breeze. There isa mysterious rustle in the low bushes, and you feel so nervous. You know "something" is.steal- ing away. What is it ? You stoop down to look. Hs-sh ! It is a partridge and her covey. How pretty they are. The little ones run along straight and swift like the larks, and the mamma stands for a moment and listens, and then; reassured, she follows them. * Do you know what this place is ? Of course you do not. Well, it is " My Delight," but itt proper name is "John Bunyan's Dell," forthat greatly persecuted and godly man was hidden in its grassy depths for eight months, and peopled The Great, Orme's Head. its vernal shades with the ghosts of MThePil¿ grim's Progress." * Bat to as girls it is a fairy land-full of fairy love stories, and children's memories, and voices of the lons: afro. In the spring it is all violets, and primroses, and cowslips, and buttercups, and crocuses, and snowdrops, and daißies, pink and white. In the summer, wild rosea run riot in sweet profusion, and honeysuckle and all the wild climbing vines and creepers bend down the tall trees with their prodigal embrace. And in the autumn, when the nuts hang from the stands in big brown bunches, and the brambles are thick with black shining berries, and the leaves of the trees are changing, and tints of delicate yellow and pale brown and faint red are coming] and the tips of the grass are all wispy and strawy, then oreeping down on every Bide and over everything and everywhere, you find straw- berries, wild strawberries, delicious, so sweet and tasting of the sun. You lie in the grass and devour as many as possible, more in fact, and thc life of the lotus eater is not a circumstance to yoi for content. » * # How blue the sky is and what a big star ii twinkling just over me ! How close it seems, an< how strange P From out and under every bus) and tree sit up the rabbits, and hares, and tb« squirrels, they are so busy with the nuts. Why it must be night, for the birds have come homi and are putting the babies to bed, and they al look at me most reproachfully and cry out as ii one voice, " Kate." And I find I have tumble« olí to sleep and the other girls are waiting fo and calling me. Now I wil! Batisfy your burning curiosity. Tbi morning early we went down to our old nurse' place, which is in Hertfordshire, and three mile from everywhere, more especially from the rail way. She is married to the head keeper, and w have had auch a day with her and have been i the woods and BO down to the dell where we use to play when we were children, " Long, loni? ago, and Dawkins will drive us in the dogcart to th station thiB evening, and we shall catch the " up Ü.15 fast train for London. . . I wonder will you be interested in the love stoi if Emin Pasha, whose tragical taking off is no en of a providence for the newspapers, furnishin them with unlimited " copy," and dividing wit the goosebery the interest pf the eiliy tealo] Emili's real name was Edward Schnitgler, and at 25 he waB a fashionable physician practising at Scutari, and by reason of his many ac- complishments (which aa a rule are not so efficacious as a good balance at one's banker's) was admitted to the highest Turkish society. How in the world can they have "society" when they shut all the women up. "Who does all the tal« bearing?, and who sees that everything that everybody Bays ÍB properly mis- represented ? But, I wander ! ? * Ismail Pavha, the Governor-General of Con On the River Conway. stantinople, had a young and lovely wife. She fell sick, and so great was his love that he disre- garded all the precepts of Allah and called in the fashionable and fascinating Unbeliever. The usual results followed. They looked and loved - but did not tell the Pasha. Oh, no! They pined in secret. Conceal- ment (in total opposition to the Sbak sperian idea) did not seem to work much damage to Herr Schmitzler's cheek, which was from all accounts colossal. Making love to the Governor's wife indeed, or for the matter of that to anybody's wife, was disgraceful; such goings on are only toler- ated in the most exalted circles. Well, as every- body knows, Ismail Pasha fell on evil days, was deposed, deprived of all his offices, and imprisoned by the Sultan. His death followed quickly on his disgrace, and then the gallant Emin married the lovely, and not unwilling, widow. But Hanem (that wai her front name) did not long bless him with her presence. She died in a year from the marriage, and left bim a baby daughter, Freda, who is now 14 years old, and lives with her aunt in Silesia. Our old Nurse's Place. H.R.H. is hundreds of years better for his trip to Homburg. No more depression ; no more insomnia; he is his own cheery self again, and everybody is so glad to hear it, for with all his faults the prince haB a heavy mortgage on the hearts of the people. * ' We must give up our own Royal admiral, now that he is ascending the throne of Saxe-Coburg Gotha. I am afraid Duke Alfred will find him- self in a dilemma before long, lt is an ancient custom in Coburg for the oldest inhabitant to preaent to the reigning prince a mug of beer, a loaf of freshly baked bread, »ad a han, and the prince bil to partake of these delicacies, "Coram populo/' Kow if there is one thing more tban another that His Boyal Highness detests, it is malt, in any shape or form ; in fact, a glass of beer would give him the bile for a week. Awkward, isn't it ? . . - * Mr. Gladstone has gone to Scotland for a little rest, but already he threatens to return, and the atmosphei e is charged with electricity and pre- monitions. The G.O.M. is cyclonic in his disturb- ing powerB, and rides tbe storm, ' and directs the whirlwind with the, utmost success, and on the most approved motto of-don't trouble yourself about other people's feel« ings and principles. Thank goodness the House will moBt certainly adjourn within the next 10 or 12 days, and then'we shall know what we are doing. What is the good of leaving Lon- don without we can take the men with us ? Of course we know men are, as a rule, a nuisance, but we women muet confess that life in the country, or in fact anywhere, would be decidedly deadly desperately dull without the dear thiners. We have got a rapturous letter from Percy. He made the biggest bag of the season one weak, and went to bed with influenza and lots of whiBky the next. V I got a letter from Balmoral from one of the " In Waitings." She says that " she is reduced to as nearly as possible a vegetable condition ; that the monotony of the life is nearly insup- portable ; that the sight of a kilt is to her as a red rag to a bull, and that the faintest sound of the 'pipes' gives her an attack of 'nerves;' that the highest form of dissipation is a drive in the ' policies that the Queen'B health is robust, and her temper lively, not to say aggressive; that the entourage is kept on the qui vive from morning to night; that the etiquette kept up is most strict, and, under the circumstances, is also idiotic ; that there is really nothing to do but the same thing all the time, and you do it every day ; and that the course is calculated to induce soften ing of the brain." * * * Her Majesty never goes about without the com pany of her favorite Spitz dog, Marco, and Marco's two offspring (Nino and Fluffy); and if you should happen to hate dogs with a deep and deadly hatred, still you baye fa be polite to these beasts-it ÍB part of your duty. By-tbe-bye, we have got " a new puppy." Isn't he a darling ? Did I tell you that mamma was in Wales ? Well, she is, stopping at a lovely place " on the Uiver Conway." She sent me such a pretty sketch of " the great Orme's head." * At the Grand Opera House, San Francisco, Mr. Henry Irving took not only ¿618,000 in 14 nights, but also all the audiences out of all the other theatres, and the local managers are under a cloud that is dim and dark, and the barroom of the Baldwin does not echo with the mirth of the thirsty thespian. The other night, at the Tra- falgar Square Theatre, Miss May Yohe sat in a box with Lord , watohing her successor in "Mam'zelle Nitouche," and audibly criticising her personal appearance and performance, and people do not tina it quite the most perfect taste. But I think I have seen the same sort of thing on several occasions, and in w,hich the " most distinguished," and " cultivated," &c;, hare played the principal part. * * Beat love from vonr cousin. EATS. ?-+-. 