CHAPTER XXVI. WHILK libLMS WAS liOSE. ••\Vh:it are vou going to do about Muyt 1’iiueeBelle’asked Jasper. “ Vou can t keep tier shut up in those tower roams foi jasper Hushed uneasily. •• Why notShe is safer there than any "*1‘l’l!yl’n(> means. If I were in her place, vi,n would not be able to keep me there lone, mil Sibyl and Miss Carr are each as smart as I am. You had better send Miss Carr adrift and put Sibyl in some good, kind in=anu asylum. Vou have often threatened •‘Gond? Kind f repeated Jasper, moek itiylv. •• It is t:.e tirst time I ever heard an insane asvlum called that. And the vers tir-t thine Miss Gurr would no t-. you: father and tell him where hick llal-ey is. He pood enough to say f'aptmri Dunning, and don't forget it, either !" dashed Belle her beautiful face chalk-white with an per. suddenly. . •• I will, I will. Dan t get mad, llede, Ja-p^r hastened to say, eouciliatinglv. ‘ If I take eare of Miss Garr, will you do as I say about •fibyl.’" , , -Perhaps. What is your plan . I should have to be convinced that it would be as safe for me to have her in an asylum as “ You con d make it safe by paying enough. It midil be a g od idea to put Miss Ourr there, tor You would have to get old Yurie ton-Ip you. It is something exactly m his line.’’ Jasper paled a little. •• 1 think I have had enough of old \ arle to last me my lifetime. 1 don t like the iJea. It seems cruel.'' Helle's teeth clinched. Her breath came ouick ....... "••Oh, of course! she said, bitterly. “ How tender-hearted we have got all at once ! Fair Sibyl must not go anywhere out side of this house. That would be cruel To keep her shut up here in an old, dark, mouldv, ghost-hsunted room, where you can go and bully her whenever you like, is no! cruel—oh, no ! ' • 1 have never been inside the room where -he i", since she was shut up there," Jasper said, angrily. ., „ ••Good reason wliv, said Hole, with an expressive lifting of her pretty, gracefu. shoulders •• However, you can't keep her shut up where she js much lunger without an investigation. You know best whether you want her case examined by the aulbo Hjaspcr Etarted violently. •• What do you mean " Well, th it is what it would come to. Hasn't Mi.- Trufit «aid anything to je.u About anything of that sort / Certainly Hut alwiil something else .' 1 can see it in your face, She has been talking to you abiut me!" Helle cried triumphantly. ‘‘Oh. you need not try to get out of it 1 I know it. She has been hinting around to me that it did not look well for a man to shut Ins wife up if she was enuy, just so he could gei a chance to make love to his dead mother's pretty maid. Ha, ha !" "Well, she "did nut speak to me about vou." Jasper said. “ 1 don't see how sending Sibvl oif would make it any easier for you ° itelje’s hot temper Hashed white in her face again ; but slie controlled it, only re marking, with sweet sarcasm— •• Of course, it is much easier to get rid of areal wife than a pretended one. Hut let fair Sibyl go for the present. Mrs Hick Hal sey has "to lie disposed of the first thiug." Jasper made a movement of impatience. Helle laughed She liked to provoke him. •■It seems necessary," she went or, “in order to stop these wagging tongues, that Lucv Conner should leave. She shall go!" Jasper looked at her excitedly. He was bo taken by surprise, he did not know whether he wauled her to go or not. Helle's clever, sharp brain was very useful to him just now, but her rule was rather an iron one. ., *• Vo a don’t main it, he saul. “ 1 do. I.ncy Venncr shall go, and Dorcas Buel shall come in her dace." •' Who is Dorcas Buel 1" “ A maiden sisicr of your stepfather’s, manufactured for this occasion.” Belle laughed at his stare of bewilder ml‘°There is no such person.” lasper said. “There will be by this time tomorrow, Belle reported gaily. " You just have a car ris»e take me to meet the seven o'clock train fortown to-night. Good-bye, La ;y ^ enner I As soon as I get there, I will telegraph you in Dorcas Bud's name to meet me at the first morning's express That will bo about lia f-post ten o’clock, 1 guess. You will find Miss Dorcas Bud waiting for you, and I’ll bet you that little missing budget of green backs you woa’t know me yourself 1” He smiled scornfully. “ You ore very good at that kind of thing, but you couldn't fool me. I know thorn big croon eyes of yours too well. You woulo have to got rid of thorn boforo you could plnv yourself olf ns anybody else to anyone wh ■ know iboso oyos. I don’t like the plan,, Hello. I nm sure it won’t work, l.ct mo to1! you mine. You go up to town and wait. I will join you in a few days. We will tak all the inoncv we can raise, an! skip. How will thnt do 1" For a moment the beautiful, foolish, loving woman was thrilled to her proud, passionate heart by the words. Hut she knew him so well, ile had deceive! her so often. What do you call a few days I" she asked, with an angry sneer. “ Time cnougn to lix up matters with fair Sybil, and take her somewhere that 1 could not tind you .’ It won’t do, my clever friend. I leave to night : Dorcas ttuel comes in the morning, and you will see how quickly she will dis po-e of Mistre-s Sybil.” Jasper winced, but dually agr 'Oil to He le’s arrangements with fairly g"oi grace. He had to. There was no other way The wile whom he ha/ doubted and abused in the past had the upper hand now. He drew a long breath of relief when Uelle was out of the house. I suppose I c.iu call my soul my own while she is gone, and no longer," he mut tered. “ So I had better improve the time, i’ll go and see Sybil.” There wero two 6ets of keys to the tower rooms, llelle kept one and took them away with her to prevent Jasper Prince visiting Sybil while she was gone. Jasper had told her that Doctor Varleh.ui the others, but it was not true. They reposed quietly in his own pocket. What he promised to himself from an interview with Sybil, he did not know. He had no real plans concerning her ex cept in a vague way. He meant to get rid of llsile sometime and marry Sybil, dust, how it was to be done was not ver> clear in hi- own mind. He bad some vague notion of getting a divorce from •selle*. Doctor Yatle would help to tix it up, he fancied, if well enough paid for ir, and he lid not know how he could have ever felt safe in his stolen identity or secure of the money till Sybil ha l really become hit wife. How to get rid of beautiful, unmanageable llelle. that wis the question. To do the handsome villain justice, he did not now wish her dead. 1’nawares to himself, a curious change ha I •>eguu in his wicked heart ivnen lie suv his mother and nis brother lviuc there dead. ” No, no he said, shudderiugly, whenever the thought of ridding imnselt of Uelle in that way came over him. Still she was an obstacle, and he wanted that obstacle removed in some way. Wlint a j ike it would be," lie muttered, "to put her in some;raud. Jtinf insane asylum instead of Sybil, as she proposes I Hut I couldn’t do it. 1 know I couldn’t. 1 must be netting soft-hearted, as Hebe says.” lie wauled to see Sybil. He exulted iu the fact that theic was no one now to inter fere with hi" doing so. His mother, he thought with a shudder was gone, llelle was gone. Sibyl was in a locked room, and lie had the key Why should he not go and see her.' Why. indeed, except that in bis cowar lly soul he win afraid t> meet the beautiful, accusing, threatening gaze of the woman wuose Inn band he believed, and she believe I, he had How her dark, sweet eyes had Hashed at him like swords that night when she called him ” murderer." He shrank with a sort of horror from meeting her, and yet he was resolved to go. She drew him with an irresistible fascina tion. She possessed him, ns it were, with a huigiog to be in her presence, which he could not control. He went slowly down the corridor that led to the tower, ami his step grew slower as he drew near, till he stopped entirely, an 1 after some moments’ hesitation went hurry ing back to ins own room, where ho had a flask of brandy. lie poured out half a glass of the raw spirits and swallowed it at a gulp, " I guess l cau do it now," he muttered, grimly, wiping the moisture from his fore He put the tlisk in his pocket, and went oat into ttie passage again. He helped himself to another liberal ln, nght from the lla-k before he opened the door and p.is-e 1 lut > the presence of the two ladies, aliuo-t without warning. Sybil was lying down, with all her dark, silky hair uubouud and flowing over tlie pillow. Miss G irr oat log-ide her. Jasper paused just inside the door, his heart belting hot and h-av.v at sight of that sweet white face framed in masses of soft waring black hair. Ho'.ti ladies started up in violent excite ment at sight of him. The horror anti abhorrence on Sybil's beautiful pile face was terrible to see. Tne change which grief and imprisonment bad wrought in that lovely countenance in so short a time amaced him. •' Murderer uttered Sybil, iu low, in tense tones. " Hive you come to kill me. to "Good evening. Mr llaUeyl" said Miss Garr. ” Have you heard from l.nptain Dunning lately l" His face Hashed while and then red. He glanced at Miss Garr. He went a step to ward her. " You shut up, old woraaD,” he said, -i.iv.geiy, "or I won’t promise to keep my hands olf you !’’ " You li.d better not dare lo put them on me, if you don't waut your nose tweaked I" tne plucky old maid retorted, her small, brigOl eyes like sparks. “ 1 can haudle you, and not naif try.’’ " What do you want here, Mr Halsey Sybil asked. " Who are you talking to.’’’ he retorted. “ My name is not Halsey ” He was almost foaming with rage, the handsome face black and scowling. He looked mire like a demon than he did like " It may not be your real name,” Sibyl said, calmly; ” it is your prison name, your convict name. I am satisfied of that, it is the name Captain Dunning knows you by. You ought to be called Cain, for, like the iirst murderer, I believe it was your brother you and Doctor Varlo killed.” Jasper did not utter a word for a moment. Then his lips curled with a bitter sneer. “No better 1'” he said. ”Still full of those wild fancies, my beautiful wife ? ” A quick shudder ran through Sibyl j she was white as death. “ Brute ! ” cried Miss Garr. Shut up, gimlet eyes I ” Jasper retorted, lie took out his handkerchief to wipe the profuse perspiration from his face, and dropped it on the floor. As he stooped to pick it up, the flask of brandy slipped from his breast pocket, and lay upon the thick carpet, without his noticing it. 