INTRODUCTORY. SIX months ago the lessons were about the travels and teachings of the Apostle Paul. We left him at Antioch, the city from which he and his companions had started, and where a missionary meeting was called to hear the account of their work. Now he has set out again, with two friends Silas and young Timothy, joined on their way by another, as we shall see. The lesson to-day is partly to show how, step by step, Christ's servants were led to obey His great command, as given in our Golden Text. Ttach (R.V., make disciples of) all nations (R.V., all the nations) everywhere, throughout the world. Up to this time the oospel bad been preached on one coutinent only, and^a small part of that (Judtea, Syria, Asia Minor). Now it was to be sent to Europe, our own quarter of the world. This next step ought, therefore, to interest us very particularly. It was a step towards us ; and we to-day enjoy the blessings of that journey of which we »re now about to read. 6_8. (see map). How long the missionary party remained in Phrygia and Galntia we cannot tell ; we only know that while detained by illness Paul preached to the Galatians (Gal. iv. 13), and that he was very lovingly cared for at the time, not only by kind-hearted, affectionate Timothy, but by the people themselves, who now first heard of Jesus, and whom Paul came'to love as his own " little children " (Gal. iv. 19). But when he was well again, which way were they to take 1 The district called Asia, with its with its famous cities, lav to the west, between them and the jEgean Sea. "Might they not carry the gospel to those cities. 1 Someone told them, No. It was the voice of the Holy Ghost in their souls. They might not as yet quite understand ; they only knew that they were being guided aright. So they travelled on to Mysia, on the north of this Asiatic region ; and then their plan was to go to the fair and prosperous country of Bithynia, stretching away to the right, on the borders of the Euxine Sea. But again, No! The voice within their souls seemed to say to them, That is not the way. It was the Spirit (of Jesus), see R.V., that Buffered them not. So they turned to the left instead, passing along the borders of Mysia, and down to Troas in the very corner of the country; nothing before them but the blue waters of the pea, and behind them the lands in which they had longed to preach the gospel. It must have been a disappoint- ment, a trial to their faith ; and yet they must have felt that it was fcr some great purpose that they had been led to the seaside. 9\. The purpose now is shown. The vision calling the missionaries to go forward was sent by the same Spirit that had closed up their way. A man of Macedonia. Known by his language or his dress. Come over into Macedonia, and help us. The cry of the heathen. " Help " out of ignorance, misery, sin ; into a holy, happy life and the joys of heaven. • 10. We endeavoured to go (R.Y., sought to go forth). Luke, the writer of the story, had become a member of the party ; a physician (Col. iv. 14) very useful therefore, to Paul in his weakness (see references to Galatians on ver. 6.) There was no delay. A ship was found at once, and joyfully the missionaries set forth upon their errand to a new quarter of the world. 11\. Loosing (R.Y., setting sail). The voyage was unusually quick. It took them five day3 on another occasion to return the same way (ch. xx. 6). Samothracia. An island standing grandly out of the sea. Ueapolie. The port of Pbilippi, ten miles distant, 12\. Philippi. A name to be remembered, as that of the firBt city in Europe to receive the gospel. The chief city, &c.; Rather, as in R.V., a city of Macedonia, the first of the district, i.e., the first to which the travellers came. The "chief" city was Amphipolis. A colony. A Roman colony—a settlement on the outpost of the empire, in which the laws and customs of Rome were observed. 13\. By a river side. A little stream called Gaggitas. Where prayer was wont to be made. ^ where we supposed there was a place for pruy^S a synagogue, Jews in Philippi being feW* 81 " places " were smaller buildings, sometiDies open to the skv ; outside the ciiy gate for the sake of quietness ; n^ar the river on account of the ablutions required. The wuiii^n. The fir.-t European congregation. 14\. Lydia. A woman from that very "Asia" which Paul had been forbidden to ^isir. Thyatira. Afterwards the seat of one of the " Seven Churches " (Rev. ii. 18) ; a city frmous for its trade in purple dye. She worshipped God, i.e., was a proselyte to the Jewish faith. Whose heart the Lord opened. Others heard, but she attended. This was the work of the Lord Jesus. And as she attended, she believed. 15\. Here are fruits of Lydia's belief : (1) An open profession of Christ— she was baptised ; (2) influence on others to follow her example—and her household ; (3) kindness to the messengers of the gospel—come into my house. She would take no denial—she constrained us. So she showed that she was indeed faithful to the Lord—a true believer. LESSONS. 1\. Seeming hindrances are often real helps. The way of the missionaries was shut up in one direction after another, only that they might be led where God meant them to labour. It is often so in life. Many have to say of their greatest happiness or tbeir brightest success, ''It began in a disappointment." So God's children are taught to trust in Him. 2\. Small beginnings often lead to greatest results. Think of what the gospel has done for Europe—for our own land among others—and then go back to the beginning ; a quiet talk in a homely " place of prayer " to a little company of women ! The " day of small things " is not to be despised. 3\. Tne opening of the heart to attend is the work of God, whether in old or young. To attend, to believp, to obey,—such is the order. Have your hearts been opened thus 1 4\. (A missionary lesson). " Come over and help us," is still the cry of the heathen. They knoiv not, in their sin and misery, what they need : but we know; shall we not rejoice to do all we can to help them to find the way of truth and peace 1 QUESTIONS, 1\. What visions of Paul are recorded in the New Testament ? 2- What do we afterwards learn of the church at Philippi ? 3\. Find passages which explain what is meant by the " opening of the heart." 