THE REV. CANON GREEN'S FAREWELL. On Sunday evening last the Rev. Canon Green who is about to sever 'his connection with Port Adelaide, he having accepted the Incumbency of St. Peter's, Glenelg, preached his farewell sermon at St. Paul's Church before a crowded congregation. The Rev. gentleman took for his text the words of the f 1th verse of the 12th Chapter 2nd Corinthf-ns—" Finally brethren, farewell. Be periect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live n peace, and the God of love and peace shall be with you." These were words with which St. Paul had taken leave of the church at Corinth, and which he thought he might be allowed to echo, with no less earnestness and no less love than was in the Apostle's mind towards his spiritual children. He felt that H was no easy task to say a few farewell words to them that evening. His mind and heart were both full, and though it was true that " out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh," yet, if feeling be superabundant, it was sometimes difficult to speak at all. His whole soul that night seemed like an organ on which memory and thought were striking incessant and ever changing chords of tumultuous music. He would call upon those assembled to first join with him in giving thanks to Almighty God for the great blessings He in His goodn:~s had vouchsafed to give them during his long ministry amongst them. Great changes and improvements had been,effectcd in the form of church worship daring the past thirty years. Many ofthemSvould remember what the services of the Church used to be in the olden times, not in thai church in particular but throughout the Churfeh of England. He believed they used to have true devotion and spirituality in the oldea days but very little of the " beauty of holiness." The services then were cold and less attractive than they were at the present day, but the truth proclaimed from year to year by the Catholie Church was the same as it had ever been, although as the years advanced fresh modes of presentation had been adopted, He felt deeply thankful for the improvements that had been effected in this respect, and in which the congregation of St. Paul's Church had played no unimportant part, but he was chiefly thankful for the good results that had been wrought by the improved modes of worship. They had as a result an increase in the number of communicants that had gathered ronnd the altar, and more reverent celebrations. He felt a deep sense of humiliation, and recognised his failure to realise an ideal. To him it was a time of revived recollections. Thirty years had passed since as a young man and a stranger in a strange land he had first worshipped in that church, and now one by one the scenes of his ministerial life came crowding back to his memory. That night the burial places of memory were giving up their dead. He remembered his first sermon, his firstsick-call, his firstburial, and his first baptism. Many changes had taken place since i hen. Other fingerspressed the keys of the organ, and other voiceB sang in the choir. Some who used to worship in that church were beneath the sea, and some beneath the sod. Dead hands were outstretched in greeting from the grave. Other forms filled the seats. In conclusion he would ag-.in quote St. Paul's last words to the Corinthian Church—"Finally brethren, farewell.'" Farewell. There cculd not fail to be a tone of sadness in the word whenever or wherever uttered. He would be grieved indeed if he could speak the word to them, or if he thought they could sp. ak it to him without regret. Could the links that had bound them together through so many years be lightly broken ? Could they forget how often then had ha a communion in prayer, in praise, and above all in the blessed Sacrament of the body and blood of their most adorable Redeemer? No, they could never forget. When he spoke of links being broken, he spoke only of official links, for he felt confident that their mutual affection and esteem would remain untouched though the dear relationship of pastor and flock would no longer exist between them. No other congregation could ever be to him what they were, and no other priest conld ever be to hundreds of them what he had been ; for he could indeed again quote the words of St. Paul—" Though ye have ten thousand instructors in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers : for in Christ Jesus I have begotteD you through the .Gospel." As a spiritual father he had poured over them the saving waters of regeneration at the font where they were born again into the kingdom of God's dear SOB. He'had prepared them to receive the confirming grace of the Holy Ghost, and had given to those meeting humbly before that altar the body and blood of Christ. He had united many of them in holy matrimony, and had committed to their last resting place the remains of their beloved dead. They had rejoiced together in moments of gladness and sorrowed together when their hearts were sad. As a friend they had told him of their difficulties and troubles; as a priest they had confessed to him their sins. So through the lapse of years fresh links had constantly been forged that had served to bind them more and more closely together in the ministries of grace that pertain to the Church of God. In God's providence he had been called to carry on the work of the Church elsewhere, under very different conditions, and in many respects very different surroundings from those that had been so great a happiness and blessiug to him for so many years. For many years they had been emphatically an united and peaceful congregation. There had been a troubled past when many persons were afraid of what they had since learned to love as the simple yet reverent ritual of the services. But this was a story of long ago. For many a year perfect confidence had existed between them. They for their part had long since come to feel that while he would knowicsly teach them nothing that was not part of the Catholic Faith, he would not keep back from them any part of that soul-satisfying faith which was their own glorious inheritance as members of the Catholic Church. In the divine comfort of that faith he resigned into the hands of his Bishop the great charge and cure of their souls, which was committed to him by his venerated predecessor a quarter of a century ago, and he would humbly beseech the great Shepherd and Bishop of souls to pardon all the faults and imperfections— innumerable as he knew them to be—of his work amongst them, and to grant him His infinite mercy in the great day of His appearing when He shall try every man's work of what sort it is. He would not conclude with that prayer—solemn and earnest though it was— for it was a prayer for himself, but he would rather pray for them that the God of love and peace may be with them all, and lead them through the changes and chances of this mortal life, and that He who had begun the good work in them may perform it unto the day of Jesus Christ. 