THE MYSTERY THE TOWER. A TALE OF THxEILLIGo INTESEST, BY HELEN CORWIN PIERCE, CHAPTER XXXV. BELLE TRIUM5PANT STILL. As the two men and Mrs. Turfit drew near, Kenrick Prince raised himself slowly to a sitting posture, and clasping his wife close, looked at them calmly. All three stopped as saddeuly as though they had struck an invisible wall. 2he men turned an anxious troubled gaze back upon Captain Dunning. i Mrs turfit!"' exclaimed Mr Trent, in his most drawling tones, but most signifi cantly, also. The woman started violently, and went to Sibyl with a sort of jerk. SYou are to come with me, Mrs. Prince -you are to come right away !" Turfit said, excitedly, taking hold of Sibyl's arm. Kenrick stared at her wonderingly and indignant. " What is tht, Mrs Turfit ? Let go my wife's arm!" The housekeeper obeyed hin instantly and stood looking as if she wished the earth would open and swallow her. Captain Dunning's assistants seemed to feel almost as foolish as she. They did not like trying to handle a man with a woman's arms around him, and such a lovely lady, too! Captain Dunning stood biting his lips and trowning " It is enough to drive a man out of his wits, or make him wonder if he over had any," he said, to obsequious and officious Mr. Trent. " That fellow there has been in the Hyde Penitentiary three years, under my charge. He Ihas got seven mJle to serve. His name is thick Halsey, and he is one of the meanest, most cowardly villains that ever lived. He has got away from me twice, and ever since Ils recap ture after the first escape, has had the impudent daring to insist that he is not Halsey, that he never saw me nor the peni tentiary till he was taken there this last time! I know he is Hick Halsey! 1 know him better-or worse- than any man that was ever under my charge; and yet he has the impudence to claim that his name is Kenrick Prince, and his home here at RLuellen Hall. To cap the chimax, the poor, lovely, crazy creature there has tVsen a whim to imagine him her husband! And she dos it well, too. 'Princt's crazy princess,' they call her down in the town, and she is beautiful enoughaor a queen or an empress. Look at them-look ! Upon my soul, I believe they are both mad, or else I am. Where can Mr. I'rince be? 1 wish he would come and confront this fellow, and attend to his own wife. 'Ihat is out of my line. Why don't he come? It is very odd that nbody can find him." "He may have gone down into the town on some errand," drawled Alr. Trent. "1 will send some one to see, if you don't mind waiting." "But I do. I have waited too long now on this miserable business. What am I to do with her? He must g , of course; but there will be a scene. She sill make a worse fuss probably than if she were really his wife." "I have an idea," droned Mr. Trent," "that if Mr Prince comes in and sees that,;' jerking his head in Sibyl's and Kenrick s direction, " there will be considerable of a scene anyway. i don't believe there will be enough left of your man Halsey, by the time Mr. Prince is through with lun, to be worth taking away." Captain Dunning looked startled. ` --aic" k Hisny I" he a eis5,ned, rising his voice. " You know you haveto come with me. You know it as well as I do. Will you do it without a fuss, or shall I have to take you by force. A quick shudder ran through Kenrick. He litted his handsome head and looked at Duhning with eyes that made that worried gentleman's breath come quick. His arms tightened about his wife. "Captain Dunning," he said, "all I ask of you is a fair hearing-a bare investiga tion of the facts. I am kenrick Prince, and this Mr Prince whom they are pre tending they cannot find, is my twin brother, Jasper. He was in your charge under the name of Rick Halsey." Captain Dunning broke into an angry laugh. "See here, Halsey, 1 don't want any more of this!" he said. "I know you, and you know me! You may have as many twin-brothers as you like, but you are Rick Halsey ! That is fact enough for me, and if there is a spark of decency left in you, you will release that unhappy lady who imagines you are her husband, and come along before worse happens." Kenried Prince looked down into the clear, beautiful eyes of his wife. " imagines !" he repeated, with a quiver ing smile, and kissed her passionately. Captain Dunning clencned his hands, and took a step forward, then paused, grinding his teeth. In spite of him, against his will, Kenrick Prince impressed and affected him strangely. To save his" life, he could not hate Kenrick-he could not feel bitter and vengeful toward him as he had been in the habit of feeling toward .ick Halsey, andthatvery fact angered and exasperated him fearfully. Al I ask of you," Kenrick said, " is to confront me with the man you suppose to be Kenrick Prince." " A much easier, shorter and safer way," Mr. Gervaselrent suggested,sigificantly, to Captain Dunning, " would be to confront him with these servants gathered in the corridor. Most of them have been here for years, and never heard of any twin brother business before." " Very few in this part of the country ever did hear it," Keurick said, qruetly. " My mother's second husband, Colonel Ruel, never heard of my brother Jasper. slyfather was a very proud man. He considered that Jasper was a disgrace to his -family, and disowned him for some time before he died. He would not allow Jas~ir'" name to be mentioned in his house. Back where we used to live, before my mother Jnarried Colonel Huel, Jasper was supposed by most to be dead. We let them think so. My mother never told Colonel huel of his existence. These are all Colonel Ruel's servants. Of course they never heard that'l had a twin brother. Itwas a carefully treasured secret, known to. very few outside our own immediate family? M Trenthadthad the cool effrontery and in solence to shrug his shoulders as Kenrick ceased speaking, and pretend to conceal a laugh behind his hand. In reality, Belle was seriously afraid her father would be impressed by this true stoawry so simply and naturally told. It amazed her that he was not. SYou might see what the servants say to this fehow," she suggested, in her Trent voiee, to her father, with a faint sneer. " They ought to know him if he is Kenrick Prince. Of course there is a sort of resemblance between the two men Halsey and Mr Prince-but it wouldn't deceive me for a of second time, though 1 never saw either of them till this morning. Perhaps, when the servants have pro nounced on him, he will shut up and be more reasonable." Kenrick Prince rose with some difficulty from the coach on which he was sitting, and advanced slowly into the other room, his arms still about his wife. "Let me see the servants," he said, feebly, and with the faintest of sad smiles, "I don't think they will deny me." "Call them in," Dunning said, with an air of mingled resignation and im patience. And the whole troop thronged awkwardly through the door. The old gardener, James Reese, was not among them. Conning Belle had sent him to the village to look for hr. Prince. The others stood, staring and bewildered. Mr Trent had been among them, telling them that a runaway convict, who looked a little like Mr Prince, was in there, and that Mrs Prince, who they all knew was mad, had taken up the notion-that he was her husband. Kenrick Prince did not look much like himself. His clothes were soiled and torn he had on a colored flannel shi't; but for the kindness of the friend, a young physician in the sick ward, who had helped him away, he would have been wearing the convict stripes. These servants of his mother's-these men and women who were called upon now to say whether he was Kenrick Prince-had never before seen him otherwise than elegantly and faultlessly attired. His hair was cut close, his handsome beard was gone, and his face, besides being thin and emaciated and disfigured by a dark lump on one temple, made by Jasper'sfist, looked rough and strange with the new growth of short beard epon it.. It was scarcely strange that, having ac cepted Jasper as Kenrick so long, they should be unable now to recognise this frightfully changed Kenrick as himself. Poor Kenrick threw up his gallaut head proudly and looked at them. He was so sure that these, his mother's dependants, who'had known him and loved him sa short a time ago, would stand by him now eagerly. But when Captain Dunning questioned them,they only looked scared and confused and were dumb. Kenrick drew h's breath hard, and a cold thrill ran through him. " Now then, will you come, and no more fuss 2" said Captain Dunning. ' You see none of these people will own you." Sibyl's beautiful, indignant eyes were flashing over the group of dumb, half stunned servants. They fell on the shrink ing, cowering. ghastly-faced housekeeper. ' Mrs Turfit 1" she cried, " you will not deny him ? 'You brought me out of the tower in the night to see him" The woman did not utter a word, only hung her head, shuddering, and tried to hide behind the others. •- Mrs Turfit," called lIr Trent, very per emptonly, " be so good as to step out here and tell us what you know about, this business I" The trembling housekeeper did not dare refuse. She came forward slowly enough and with,-ut looking at anybody. "Come, come, madam ; there is nothing to be scared about," Mr Trent said. But the woman knew better "Did you," pursued Trent, -'ever see this man, who is pretending to be Mr Kenrick P'r.nce, till in the middle of last night, when the real Mr Prince came to your room and told you to bring a lunch to his apartment ? And when you aid it you found this fellow xith him ? Is that so !" Mrs Tnrfit knew by his tone what was expected of her, and she answered, with a shiver : " Yes, sir-yes I" " Mr Prince told you then, did he not, that the fellow was a disreputable relative of his whom he wished-to hide and shield, and asked you to help him!' Again Turfit knew what was expected, and quavered forth a shudderiog affirmation. She was shuddering and shaking so she could scarcely stand. The mean and selfish creature had one soft place in her hard and cruel heart. It was for Kenrics Prince, and she was called upon to betray him-the only being in the n hole world she cared for beside herself. But she loved herself best after all, so she did it. Kenrick stood a moment staring'at the lying woman, ghastly white and as if turned to stone. Then, putting Sibyl from him, he strode forward and caught Turfit fiercely by the arm. " You, too-you 2" he uttered, in a voice hoarse with rage sad horror. "Now," whispered Trent-" now is your time, captain I Quick I I'll keep Mrs. t'rince."- -. . . . _____ CHAPTER XXXVI. BETuAYED I They fell upon him like wolves-the two assistants and Captain Donning. " Now the bracelets 1" Quick as light the ignominious fetters clasped those pale and wasted wrists. Kenrick made no fight. He could not if he had tried, for he had not the strength. He stood looking at them-at Captain Dunning with such a contemptuous light in his fine eyes, his handsome lips curved into a contemptuous smile, that the exasperated warden writhed, though he believed he was only doing his duty. A cry that was more like that from some wounded animal than as though it came from human lips, broke from Mrs Turfit. Sibyl made one desperate attempt to reach her husband, and stood still, barred from him by Mr Trent. N Mrs Turfit I" drawled the disguised voice, commandingly. And the trembling, shuddering, horror stricken creature dare not refuse obedience to that call, Sibyl stood at bay. She looked from one to the other. She felt that if she persisted in trying to reach her husband they would stop her by force. " You are a false and wicked woman I" she said to Mrs Turfit, who quailed and shrank at the words as if they had been blows. . then she turned upon Belle : " You are very cleverly disguised, Lucy Venner, but I know you I What have you done with tMr Rick Halsey ! Have you hid him under a woman's guise, as you are trying to conceal yourself under a man's ?" Belle recoiled at the first words, but was herself again or himself, as.you like), before Sibyl had finished spearing. She glanced sharply at Mrs. Turfit, and saw that the housekeeper did not seem to nave understood Sibyl-too much' over whelmed with her own remorse and horror, perhaps. "The poor lady is taking me for a woman now," Belle drawled, in her most Trentish tones. ' Captain Dunning," spoke Sibyl, raising her voice.." Did a woman escape at the -same time with Rick Halsey ?' Captain Dunning started. He had been vaguely conscious of something familiar about Mr Trent all the time. He knew what it was now. It came to him like a flash. He wenttoward him. "Belle," he exclaimed, in low, agitated, reproachful tones. A shudder ran through the disguised woman. A dread misgiving concerning al the probable consequences of this discovery rushed over her. There was no possible use in denying herself. She knew that whomever else she might deceive, she couldt not impose upon her father. He knew her better than Sibyl Prince dud. What to do about Jasper mas the next question. Could she still make her father believe that Kenrick Prince was Rick Halsey? She looked at Captain Dunning entreat ingly. " Wait," she whispered. "It is all right. Leave Halsey with the men and come into the other room with me." " But how about Mrs Prince ?" he asked, " Oh," glancing angrily at Sibyl, "she is never violent! We can attend to her afterward." . They went into the bedroom and shut the door. Captain Dunning looked pained and anxious. " I don't like the looks of all this, Belle," he said. "What does it mean P" Belle laughed, but in a most unpleasant way. "?Simply that I am here on the same business, virtually, as you are, and I had to disguise myself very artfully to keep Rick from knowing me," she answered, boldly. Captain Duoning looked puzzled. "I don't know what to make of you, Belle. You came there to the prison and made me think you had got entirely over your fatal infatuation for that wretch, and all the while it was only a scheme to get near him and help him get away. You helped him escape then ; now-" "Now,' broke in Belle, with an air of bitterness and rancor, " I have forgiven himfor the last time. He has repaid me for all my goodness to him with new abuse and neglect; and I want to put him back behind the bars again and keep him there. I guess, father, I have got over my infatu ation at last." Dunning was completely deceived. "lMy poor Belle-my wronged, unfor tunate child ! But why this extraordinary disguise P" he said. "It was the only way I could obtain a footing in the house and find if be was surely here. He would have known me in any other guise, and would have gone away before I could send you word, as I meant to." " And you think you are surely cured at last ?" he questioned. " Yes, cured !" Belle said, firmly. "He can't have any suspicion regarding you, or he would hardly fall in with Mrs Prince's' fancy that he is her husband so readily. He is a bold one, and a sly one. Well, I don't think he will get away again till his time is up. I hope you really ar, cured, Belle. I will get you a divorce, and you can yet marry some decent man, per haps. You will come home now and stay with your poor old father, won't you ?" "Presently, father," she said, avoiding his eyes, and ashamed in her heart- which was a loving one in spite of all-of the pant she was playing." " You had better come with me at once. Get rid of this dreadful disguise, and come with me now." "That is impossible. I will join you ioon. I can't go now." " I don't like leaving you here. Aid how about this man Prince ? He is avoiding me, isn't he 2" "I think so. You see, Halsey is a sort of relative, distantly, and he' has been conceal ing him. I presume he prefers-to keep ount of the way till you are gone." " Do they look any alike ' "Yes, some." "That accounts partly for that lovely young wife of his taking up the freak that Halsey is her husband." "Yes, of course Get him. away now; father, as quickly as possible, for my sake: I want it' over and done with. Mr Prince might coine in on us, and then there would to a scene-especially if he learns how Mrs Prince has been goingon with Halsey." They opened toe door and returned to the othb re. Sibyl had disappeared. The instant they had left the room, Sibyl disengaged herself from the dazed housekeeper with an im prriousness which the woman could not withstand. She went to Kenrick, whose captors were looking and feeling very oncomfortable Not that they doubted their prisoner being Hal sey, but he was certainly a delicate, refined gentleman, whoever he was, and his sad, handsome, unhappy face touched them. Deep down in their hearts they felt that something was wrong-just what they could not tell. Sibyl's extaordinary loveliness, toe, im pressed them. "She looks to, sweet and beantiful to be crazy," they whispered to each other, more than once. "Darlin," said Sibyl to her husband, " we have a few minutes more. Try to think of something. You see, we are both so horribly tied-you because they all persist in believ ing you Halsey; I because they say I am mad. If we had only one friend I I can't bear to have you go back to that horrible prison-you so ill and weak. You will die there before help can come I" " I can stand it. lcsn't stand that I" Ken rick burst forth. "It is you I fear for. 1 begin to see as I never did before what a re morseless and cruel villain Jasper is. To think of his hardihood in claiming you, pre tending that you are his wife I tHe will do desperate things sooner than be beaten now. I am afraid he will try- to put you in an in sane asylum. If we' could only find teem, ?Stby l r - wa could-onlnycrouthtm?-witl Captain Dunning I' -Just at this juncture,; Mrs Turfit, wild eyed and white with fear of the consequences of her own daring, put her trembling hand on Sibyl's arm and drew her car down to her lipi. "I'm almost sure," she whispered, barely so she could be heard, " that the Halsey one is in yonder. I've watched these rooms all the morning, and I never saw him go out ; nor he ain't gone, it's my opinion." Sibyl darted instantly to the door of the room indicated. It was:locked,'the :key reposing in Mr 'frent's pocket.' But Mrs Turfit, in her capacity of house keeper, had a duplicate, which she whipped out aid gave her. 'Sibyl opened the door and went in bohlly. ,The apartment was a sort of dressing-room and bath-room combined. :There was no one in it, but a door opposite the one by which 'she had entered stood apart, and she was sure she got theigltmpse of a pair of glittering eyes at the crack. As she went toward it, the crack disap peared, and when she tried to' open the door, though it was not locked, she could not do so. some heavy weight, like some one stand ing; seemed against it. She tried it for a moment, and was turning away to seek help, when she was sudenly. confronted' by Mr Trent. ' Only for an instant, however. Mr Trent, after one raging-glance, drew back quickly, shut the door again, and locked it., She was trapped 1, ' S CHAPTER XXXVII. JAdiEsi REESESEES THE GHOST AGAIN. " Get your man out of 'the honse'with as little delay as possible now," Belle said, in her Trent voice, to her father. .! It.willsave trouble if Mrs Prince does not see him go." Poor Kenrick stood for a moment like a statiie'of despair. The pallor of his delicate face was almost frightful to see. And he could do nothing,' absolutely. .Weak, fettered, about to -be dragged off ig nominiously to prison as another man- what could he do? A groan broke from his white and quiver ing lips' Two or three teats, wrung forth by his mortal agony, rolled doen his cheek. .. Captain Dunning averted his face at the sight. Villain-vilest of the vile-as he be lieved K-nrick to be, he' could not look on these tokens of apparent suffering unmoved. "How he hates to go hack to prison," he thought, and was amazed to find himself pltyingthe wretch. He gave the order for departure. The two men who had hold of Kenrick urged him along, not roughly, but strongly, with decision. The unhappy young man turned his wild and angaished face toward the group of staring servants. " Is there not one among you to speak up for mel" he cried, in desperate, almost fierce, accente. " George Roe, who got MIadam Rliel to take yon on here at the Hall without a character? Lizzie Travers, who gave your old father the money to keep him zrom lostng the little home? Who sat up with you in the fever, Fred Stacy? You can't remember-yoen don't know me-not one of you 1" Those he addressed looked frightened and startled; so did the others, But they did not know him in his changed appearance, and they did firmsy believe Jasper, who had been pretending to be his brother so long, was Kenrick. Not one of them uttered a word. All shrank and cowered away, as if afraid of him. Kenrick staggered, and leaned heavily on his guards. Between weakness and agitation, it was as much as he could do to keep his feet. They had almost to carry him. As they reached the heed of the great stairs, James Reese appeared, returning from the fruitless quest on which Belle habd artfully sent him. She was more afraid of this one old man recognising Kenrick than of all the rest put together. James Reese stood aside to let them pass, a sorrowful look in his kind eyes. He started violently at sight of Kenrick, and his face took on a leaden, livid hue. "Its the-the ghost! " he stammered, wildly, staring as if his eyoes would come out of his head. With a sudden, unexpected movement Kenrick threw himself forward and laid his manacled hands on the old man's breast, pressing him back against the heavy, carved oak banister. "James Reese, don't you know me?" he almost shrieked in the startled man's ears. " Mr Prince," uttered Reese, brokenly, and in frightened jerks. "Yes-sir. Yes -I-know-you. Did-I-ever-say-I didn't, sir ?" "Captain Dunning," drawled thepeculiar tones of Mr Trent at this moment, " that old fellow is one 'of Halsey's confederates. I know all about him." The warning, coming from the source it did, had weight. " Move on ! move on l" ordered Dunning, to his men. " Take him along, whether or no." They obeyed, in spite of Kenrick's fran tic struggles, his wild prayers and en treaties. But suddenly these ceased. Kenrick Prince, weakened already by illness, in juries and wicked drugs, had reaches the limits of his powers of endurance. Exhausted nature gave way, and he fell into a deep swoon, from which he did not rally till he was far away from Ruellen Hall. And so they bore him away. The old gardener following them with horror stricken eyes. He made some attempt to interfere, to question,'but was so rudely repulsed tihat he gave it up. It was an incomprehensible business to him. If he heard what Belle called out to her father, he did not understand it-certainly never dreaming that she meant him. Belle, as she drew back after the de parture, felt that though she had won the cattle, it had been at bitter cost. "I am not sure but it has cost me more than it would to have lost it," she muttered gloomily. "That is an awful thing I have done, sending that good, unhappy man to prison in Rick's place-after all I promised his mother, too-promised and swore to per form. And all for what ?" . ahe smiled bitterly to herself. " After all I promised myself, too, about revenge for all Rick has made me suffer, this is the way I take it. But there is time enough yet." She looked up and saw Mrs Turfit watch ing her The servants were filing away towards the kitchen to talk it over. She was recalled to herself, or rather to her assumed self, by the strange expres sion of lirs Turfit's eyes. " Well, what are you looking at ?". she demanded, in her Trent voice. "I am looking at you, Lucy Venner!" the housekeeper returned, with a vicious air. " Give me back them rings !" "Those riags, you mean," drawled Belle, with an indescribably mockirg accent " he rings you stole from poor, dead Madam Ruel's room ? Mr Prince and I can both testify to that." As she spoke, Belle pushed Mrs Turfit, unresistingly, inside the room from the corridor, and followed her, shutting the door. " He is no more MriPrince than you are Mr Trent I" burst forth the housekeeper, with blanched lips, "and [ wish I had told Captain Dunning what I know about the two of you !" "Yes? What a pity you did not!" Belle said, with cool insolence. " It is not too late yet," the housekeeper retorted, defiantly. "I think it is," Belle said. " You don't suppose he would believe anything you could say about Mr Prince now ? As for Mr Trent and Lucy Venner, he knows a great deal moreabout them thani you do. It won't work, Mrs Turfit. You will do well to mind your own business, and the less you say about those rings the better '?r-s Tuhff? was queued, as Belle saw " Now," said belle, " I want you to go at once and see if the rooms in the tower which Mrs Prince has been occupying are in good order." " What for?" the housekeeper asked, sullenly. " That is none of your business, but I will tell you," Belle returned, coolly. " MArs Prince is going back to them for the present." "For the present ?" persisted the house! eeper, "and taen-" belle gave her a queer look. "'Oh; her husband will decide that," she said. "Perhaps he will take her travelling." " Travelling, indeed," muttered Mrs Turfit, as she went away on her errand. " 1 Know what the pair of rogues mean to do, and I wish I knew how to balk them, and dared do it." Belle went back into the room where she had left Sibyl. As she opened the door, she was wonder ing-as indeed she. had wondered ever since she locked it-why all was so quiet there. Why had Sibyl not made more fuss ? It was not like her to accept a bad situation so easily. The next moment her passionate heart was beating wildly with jealous rage and hatred. Sibyl was lying back in a large easy chair, her eyes closed, her lovely face cold and pale, as though she were dead. On his knees beside her, Jasper was chafing the slender white hands eagerly between his own, and every now and then pressing his lips to those soft, snowy fingers. inwardly raging with fiercest jealousy, Belle went in very quietly, and Jasper, in his utter absorption, did not'know she was there. (To be ccntinued). 