TURNING THK TABLES. /jlVK STANHOPE,' said the President &IIJ; of the International, Safe Trust, nnd Deposit. Company, uslie stopped on his ivaj out of the institution, opposite tlio cmliiei '6 desk, addressing the latter in rather a loud \- tone, so that Iiis words could bo heard through the {{lass partition, that separated them, ?'! am obliged to «o into the country. to look up some of tlio mining property that we are interested in there. I .shall tuko the last train to-night, und shall probably be away two weeks. Next Thursday we will make a settlement with the Petcrby heirs, and I wish you would got the watchman to let vou into the vault some night before the ' day ef settlement, no that you can look ovor the securities and make an inventory of them. I wouldn't ask you to do this extra worjt, if I could delegate anyone else for the purpose. It will take a matter of three or four hours to examine ull the securities, and asybu will be kopt pretty busy here in business hours — particularly during my absence— you'll have to take a night for the extra woik.' ' All right,' answered Stanhope. 'I'll attend to the matter, aud s-)9ak to Michael to-night, so that he can be prepared *to lot me in. , - Good-bye, .sir, and a safe and prosperous journey !' ' ' Thank you !' said the President, and ha walked out. As he'passed by the desk of tho paying teller' he noticed a man, very quietly dressed, who was getting a large note changed into bills of small denomination. The man seemed to be deeply interested in the business in hand ; but, brushing past, Mr. Gomnviskey. saw him raise his head und throw a sharp, searching glanco through the glass partition at Cashier Stanhope. There was something in the stranger's ^ face that refninded the President very strongly of his trusted employee, and the , coincidence so impressed him that he turned his head two or three times on iiis way to the door to got another view of the man. The stranger, meanwhile, counted the bills which ho had received in exchange for the: large note, thanked the teller for the accommodation, und folding them into a neat and compact bundle, placed thein in an inner, pocket. I beg pardon !' he said, addressing tlie teller again. ' Have you drinking water in the building? It is hot and dusty outside, and I. am very thirsty.' ' Filtered water just down the corridor. Help yourself,' said the teller. And the man walked iu the direction pointed out. . The filter was a few feet below Cashier Stanhope's desk. \- While the man sipped a glass of water, which he did very slowly and deliberately, he took more careful note of the cashier's features. Then he walked out of the building, giving the paying-toller a good-natured nod as lie passed. On his way home that day, after thecloso of business. Cashier Stanhope stopped at the houBe of the company's night watchman, Michael Mooney. He and Cashier Stanhope were great friends, the bond of sympathy between them being a mutual fondness for bulldogs, of whicfi the cashier had several, and Michael was the proud owner of one— Zip by name— which was particularly savage und belligerent. In answer to the cashier's ring, the watch man himself oame to the door. At sight of his friend his face brightened. 'And is it you, Mr. Stanhope':' he said, cheerily. 'Come in. I'm just taking ;i bite to eat before going down to the bank.' 'Thank you,' said Stanhope. 'Butl'in anxious to get home to dinner myself. 1 only-stopped to tell you that next Wednes day night I'll be down to the bank about eight o clock, and I want you to be on-hand and let me iu when I ring.' llr. CuminUkey is going, away for a couple of weeks, and he asked me to go over the bonds und secur ities that are in our keeping belonging to the Petorby heirs, with whom we make a settle ment on Thursday.' ' All light, sir; I will let you in,' said Michael. ' ilow are the dogo ?' '.'Fine as silk,' was tlie answer. ' And Zip V ' He took the mange about a . week ago, and I have sent him to a fancier's to Tbe cured. He'll be ull right in a day or two/ . I'll bring him up to the bunk ou Wednesday night.' : , 'Do,' said Stanhope. ' I'd like t,o see him. Do you think he'll be friendly and remember me 1' 'Indeed he will, sir 1 Zip never forgets a friend, or a foe, for that mutter. - He'd know you if you was painted up like a red Indian.' ' Well, remember, Wednesday night,' said Stanhope, and he walked away. He had to go a little out of his way to get to the restaurant to-night, and he walked briskly so as not to miss his.dinner. ? A pedestrian on the other side of thestreet kept paco with him until tlioy came to a business thoroughfare, when he crossed, and kept close to the cashier's heels. Wheu Stauhupe reached the restaurant where he was accustomed to stop, he pushed epen its swinging doors ; the man followed him, and was tho iirst'to reach the bar. ' All. Mr. Stanhope !' ho said, turning to face Arthur, 'jnst in time ! Join me.' 'Thank you,' said Arthur, not recog nising the man as an acquaintance, but imagining him ono of the company's custo mer's j 'if you will take a cigar with me afterwards. I confine myself to one drink a'-' day.' ? ' Same hore !' said the man, cheerily. ' J find that it helps me, after a day 's work, and as I never abuse it, it does tlio no harm. Did Mr. Commisltoy get away to-day? He , told me yesterday that ho was going, into the country foe a short, time.' ' He-leaves by the last train,' was tlie answer:- - And then when the barman returned with the glasses the two men drank their liquor. After this they hnd cigars, and walked up ' the street together. The next night they metagain nttlie same place, and the night following, and the -night after tlmt. They became quite friendly, ill fact, and Arthur was notat all surprised when, ujion leaving his lodgings nt about half-past seven o'clock on the night that lit was to examine the Peterby securities, lie camo face to faoe with hi» new-made friend, turning a -corner a short distance from his home. . They greeted each other, and stopped Tor a few minutes to talk. . . ; , ? : ' By the way,' said the man, finally, . ' biiiine** friend of mine in ScoiUiid setit 'nie a gallon of whiskey tu-duy. It beat* tlie world. I'd like lo give you -v little llask', ' and ifyon're notin too much of n liurryi I'll get it'fdr you:to-ni)jht. I have quarters a ? fewl'doors down tlie street.' ' . . v.'M'have .only a minute tu spare,' said Arthur, looking; at.liia wntoli. 'I!m due at ? tjieibank at eight o'clock, and I always- like to beito time. . , ' My way.alao, I always like to keep an ' appointment to the minute. 1 won't detain you a second,' said the man. Aiid taking Arthur's arm, they walked lialf.way down the street, .halting finally in front of.a. select boarding-house that was well known to: the cashier. \- The u-.an opened the front door with n 1 latchkey, aiid.usliered. Arthur into a room on the second: flour, in which the gss was burning, dimly. . .When the light was turned up, the cashier noticed that the apartment was furnished luxuriously, yet in good taste,, being, scpar ateii froni another room, probably n bed chamber, by heavy velvet curtains. 11 Excuse ine a , moment,' said the -man j ? and he disappeared into- tlifi inner :Vnnm, while Arthur turned to .cic(tjiiiii£ ?' '???ii.'ii ? ? - v -eiiyi-4viiijj« thHt hm-£ a^aiueC thv , i: ? ? ' . -? -? . So engrossed was ho that he did not hear a light footfall ; but suddenly his arms were pinioned to his sides, nnd a sack or bag ol some thick material was thrown over his head and made fast around his neck. He struggled to escape, and endeavoured to cry for help ; but when he opened his mouth he was nearly suffocated by the fumes of chloroform which exuded from a sponge saturated with the anesthetic which was in the bag that confined his head, and pressed closoly against his nostrils and mouth. He was of slender build, and no match physically for the athlete who held him, as in a vice. His senses began to leave him, and his struggles grew fainter. Finally his heud dropped to one side, and tho man lnid him upon the floor, removed tlio bag from his head, nnd placed a gag in his mouth. Then, after emptying the cashier'8 pocket's, the man bound him securely hand and foot ; and lifting him in his arms, bore him into the inner room, and laid him in ohe bed. ' That trick was neatly played,' the man muttered, as he came out into the main room : aud after lighting a reading lamp, gathered up the articles taken from the cashier's pockets and proceeded to examine them. There was a bunch of keys, several letters and cards, two or three pounds in money, a gold watch, and a memorandum-book. He slipped the keys into his pocket, and exchanged his own timepiece for Arthur's watch and chain. Then lie carefully scanned the pages of the memorandum-book. It was arranged in diary form, with a page for every day in the year. On the top line of each there was a cabalistic arrangement of letters and numbers. Turning to the last entry, the i33rd of November, an exclamation of satisfaction escaped him. ' It was as I thought, J' he said. 'This is the vault-lock combination. It is changed every day. The safes inside are of ordinary make, and my skill will soon open them.' ' He placed tho memorandum- book in his pocket, and re-entered the room where his prisoner lay. Lighting the gas, and sitting down by the bedside, he carefully studied the features of the cashier, who was still unconscious. Then, with a box, such as iB used by actors for holding the pigments and other para phernalia necessary in making up their faces, in his lap, and with a small mirror before him, he skilfully touched up his features until they were the counterpart of the cashier's. 'Aha !' he said, with a chuckling laugli. ' You find ypurself in rather an uncomfort able position. Sorry to leave you, but I have business down at the hank. You'll rest here very comfortably, until the chambermaid comes to-morrow morning to fix up the room. You'll probably feel a little weak and in need of a drink when someone unties you, so I'll leave that flask of whiskey out on the table for you. Help yourself. Ta-ta !' Putting on Arthur's hat, and with a stout leather bag, which was evidently heavy, in his hand, the assailant of the cashier left the apartments, locking the door behind him, and hurried on to the bank. Meanwhile Michael Mooney, with Zip, the bull-dug, in leash and closely niuzztecF — for the animal had un unfortunate habit of nip ping at the lej;.s of passers-by— had reached the bank building, relieved the day watch man, and made himself comfortable for the ill 'lit. . ^5ip, who had been released from leash and muzzle, lay down at his feet, and to the dog, Michael thus addressed himself: ' Zip, if we had the one-ten-thousandth part of what's in that vuult, we'd bo fixed for life. But I guess we'll never linve it. A bank watchman ain't paid no princely salary, aiid by the time the girls are married and the little ones are big enough to look after themselves, I will be too old to begin to save money. If I had, say, £250, now. Zip, I'd marry Nellie O'Brien to-morrow, get a little shop in a good neighbourhood, and between' that nnd the bank we'd make out famously, and the folks nt home would be as well taken care of as they are now, and ? ' But his further meditations were inter rupted by a sharp whirr of a bell in the banking-room upstairs. At the sound lie spraugsto his feet, and laid awny Iiis pipe. . 'It's Mr. Stanhope,' he said. ' Lie. down there, Zip 1' And he hurried up the stairs to admit the cashier.' ' Is it you, Mr. Stanhope!' lie asked, through the big keyhole in the massive front door. . . ' Yes, .Michael. Open up !'.'- came Hie answer, and the watchman swung tlie door opeii.'v: - / ' ? '' You're , a little lato, sir,' he said, glancing at the clock in the rear of the banking- room. 'I was detained,' said the bogus Stan hope, dropping his bag, and thrusting his linnds into his pockets. ? As Michael turned to relock the door, the man's hands were quickly withdrawn from his pockets, upraised and suddenly descended. A weapon that had been pro videdfor just this emergency fell upon the watchman's head with a dull thud, nnd; without a groan, he sank to the marble floor. ' Ah, that was neatly done !' joyfully ejaculated the mail. And with a stout cord he bound Michael as ho had previously hound tlio cashier, and placed a duplicate of a gag in his mouth that had prevented Arthur from crying out for help. Then, dragging Michael's unconscious body to one side, he descended the stairs that led-to the vault-room. A few seconds' manipulation of the knob on the door of the vault, guided by the cabalistic letters and figures that he had found in Arthur Stanhope's diary, caused the lock to respond, and tho ponderous door swung open. He stepped inside the vault and' struck a mltuli; As the light flickered' out, there wipie n liinflled growl from the depths of the vault-room, nnd Zip, with gleaming fangs nnd flashing eyes, bounded towards the robber. ' Curse the brute !' snarled the man. AnU to protect Jiimself from this , unex pected foo, lie pulled to the big lock door. As it swung into place lie heard Fumerthing cliok, and a cry of horror oscaped him. Witli'trfinlhliiig fingers he struck another match nlld1 lighted the gas jet. Then ho cautimis^y pushed ngninst the door. U .did iioo yield to the pressure, and lie pushed harder. It remained as firm as adiuiiunt; and horrible curses and impreca tions fell from tlift imprisoned man's lips. :? ?' itogetl, trapped, like the fool that lam !' hecriod ;'aml my tools -are all outside. The bolts fell -into place . when the door closed:' : , .And tlien,:wit|i a howl of anguish, he threw, his hnily iigain and again aga-nst , tlio steel barrier. -H' cursed,. shouted -anti prayed by. turns,' but the sound of . his voice went' no farther than tlio steel walls of the vault. . Finally, iii sheer desperation, he threw himself on the tloor, lamenting his hard luol:. ... : Meanwhile, Michael Mooney returned to consciousness ; and, realising that ho had 'boon duped, and that the treasure that he was supposed to guard was in jeopardy, ho struggled desperately to break the bonds thai, bound him. He writhed and squirmed, and pulled nnd tugged, and finally, after what seemed hours of exertion, succeeded in loosing one of his hands. To completely release himself and remove the gag fi oin his mouth was now a.u easy matter., Hogotupou his feet with great ditlieulty, for a horrible pain was shooting through his brain. He telt faint aud dizzy, and his limbs were stifi' and pore. Cocking his revolver, be crept down the ?stniiB intq the vault'rooni. Zip, who 'had been crouched befoco the vault door,: bou'd(-d forward to meet bmi, and then ran' ?!?-. i»ith' a s.i, .i«: ji-ow!. Aiivlmv' the bin jfhii'ij isnibjj apon the floor, and then tlie situation was plain to him. 'Thank Heaven !' ho ejaculated. ' The poor, misguided young man has trapped himself, aud the funds of the bank aie iafe.' He pounded on tho vault door, and the ourglar, hearing tlie sound, sprang up and aegan to luinmer the barrier on his side with all his strongth. 'Open ! open !' he shouted. But Michael heeded him not. Leaving Zip on guard, tlie watchman hurried back upstairs, and sounded tho district telephone 3all for a policeman. Presently there was the sharp whirr of the electric, bell, and, revolver in hand— for his late experience had taught him caution Michael o|jencd the streetdoor. Instantly Cashier Stanhope sprang in. The watchman recoiled from him as though con fronted by a ghost. ' 'Mr. Stanhope!' he ejaculated. 'J thought — I thought ? ' And then, in his joy, he broke down com pletely and began to sob. ' The robber ! the robber !' cried Stanhope, much excited. ' Safe locked in the vault, with Zip on guard. Thank Heavon it's not you !' answered Michael. Then he explained how he had been deceived, and picked up the weapon with which he had been knocked unconscious. While they were ' talking, au officer arrived, in answer to the alarm call. Cashior Stanhope told his story. After the departure of the robber, ho had managed to wriggle from the bed to the floor, bound as he was, and, rolling over and over, had at last reached the door of the outer room. On its panels lie kicked with his heels, and the noise attracted the attention of one of the chambermaids, who was just then passing through the hall. It so happened that tiiis chambermaid was none other than -Nellie O'Brien, Michael Moonoy's sweetheart, and being a courage ous girl, she unlocked the door. When she saw the cashier's plight, she ^creamed for help. Several oi tue inmates of the house came to her assistance. They released Stanhope. He quickly, told his story, and borrowing his late cap tor's hat, he hurried with all speed to the bank. They could not imagine how tho burglar had been foolish enough to lock himself in the vault, but Michael explained the mat ter. ' It was all Zip's doings, I think, sir,' lie said. 'The fellow doceived me, for I thought that it was you, Mr. Stanhope. He couldn't deceive old Zip, though.' The policeman sent in a call for u patrol waggon ; and when it arrived, all went down to the vault, and the cashier, who remem bered the combination, unlocked the vault door. The burglar made no resistance, and, handcuffed securely, was taken to the station. Ho was recognised as an old offender, just out of prison, and being con victed of this last offence, was sent back to prison, under a long sentence. The newspapers published columns about his singular capture, and among other illustmt ionri which accompanied the article was a portrait of Zip, the bulldog. The board of directors rewarded the dog's muster with a present of £50 0, ami Mr. I'oimiiifkey, out of his private pocket, com pletely furnished a neat house in a new neighbourhood, on the ground floor of which the watchman set up a grocery shop, which nis mother und sisters, aud Miss Nelly O'Brien, now Mrs. Mooney, look after. Cashier Stanhope still smokes bis after dinner cigar ; but lie is now more careful who he drinks whiskey witli. C. A. K., in Motjaxint of Short Sloriet. (Abridged.) 