The Story of the English Stage. Mr. T. Edgar Pemberton lately delivered a lecture on " The Siory of ïhe English Stage." The lecture was illustrated by a ntmber of portraits of leading actors and actresses from the time of Shakespeare to the present day. Mr. Pemberton began with a brief refer | euee to the myste/ies and moralities, tha earliest forms of dramatic representation acted in inn yards, the galleries of which suggested the form of our modern theatres, and the yard in which cock fighting often took place gave us the name " pit." Shake- speare, he reminded his audience, was an actor, and played the ghost in his own " Hamlet." Bnrbage, the original represen- tative of Shakespeare's heroes, and Edward Alleyn, the founder of Dulwich College, lived in the days when actors were rich and honoured, their worst enemy having been tbe plague. As Puritanism advanced the pro- sperity of the stage declined. Female performers, introdnced by a French Company, were first seen in England in 1629, and Desdemona was the first English part played by a lady. Nell Gwyn's rise from a seller of oranges to a leading star was sketched, with a passing quotation of Pepys's commendation of her sprightliness, and her own admission, in an epilogue, that she was " a little harmless devil." Thomas Betterton, Mrs. Bracegirdle, Mrs. Oldfield-an admir- able octrees and a most charitable woman were in turn referred to. On the occasion of the first appearance of Colley Ciober, his nervousness disconcerted everybody on the stage. " Forfeit him !" cried the manager. "But he has no salary," was the answer. " Put him down 10s a week, and forfeit bim 5s," was the response, and to this accident the actor owed the first money he received in his profession. The lecturer had several > facetious anecdotes to tell of Quinn, who, as Falstaff, was the greatest after Betterton. He once wished that his mouth was as wide as the centre arch of Westminster Bridge and that the river ran claret. David Garrick-the Garrick fever at Dublin-and the way in which MB realistic acting disgusted a lady admirer were re-called. The latter incident, the lecturer thought, sug- gested the theme to Robertson of " David Garrick,*' which seemed likely to hold the Btage, at all events as long as Mr. Charles Wyndham played the title role. Next Garrick'« great rival (Spranger Barry) was mentioned, the latter having surpassed him ÜB Borneo, but not as King Lear. Then came Charles Maoklin, the first to play Sbylock seriously. Next came Mrs. Bellamy and Peg Woffing ton, the daughter of a bricklayer, who rose to high eminence, and whose sister Polly married the nephew of Lord Cholmondeley and of Walpole. The noble lord professed himself reconciled to the match by pretty Peg, but said she, " I have much greater reason to be offended than yon, for before I had one beggar to keep, now I have two." Mention was made of Mrs. Abington, who .old flowers in the streets at firat, and of whom it was said, when she had been 30 years on the stage, she was 21 when she came upon it and 21 when she left it. Then the talented family of the Kerables, with the lovely face of Mrs. Siddons, gave rise to interesting remarks concerning that famous daughter of Roger Semble, who was father, too, of John Philip Kemble, Charles Kemble and his celebrated daughter Fanny, who recently died, were also referred to. Mr. Pemberton briefly mentioned the great Miss Farren, who became Countess of Derby after l8 years' courtship, the Duchess of St. Albans, Grimaldi the clown, Edmund Kean, Charlea Kean, Macready, Keeley, Charles Mathews, Charles Mathews the younger, and' Madame Vestris. 