CHAPTER XLI. I " I RATHER ENJOY THE PROSPECT OF TAMING HER." I Early rising was not, as a rule, a thing to be laid to the charge of Gerald Washburn ; but he made the morning after the abduction of Evelyn an ex- ception. He rose at an early hour, made a most elaborate toilet, and slipped quietly out of the house. It was evident that he had planned his early ris- ing in advance, for he went from' the house to a stable near at hand, and there was a horse ready saddled, waiting for him. He leaped on the horse's back and was presently cantering through the fresh morning air out on one of the back roads. It is very doubtful if any of the beauties of nature claimed his attention ; for the smiles on his face and his muttered words showed that his thoughts were all centered on quite another object. " My little beauty will be a little tamer this, morning, I fancy,'" he said to himself. " I don't expect her to give in right away, however, and to tell the truth, I rather enjoy the prospect of taming her. ?Ah, if Bhe only knew how I loved her, she would yield sooner." I He slashed at the hanging branches on the trees with his whip, and resumed, his manner being one of supreme self-satisfaction : " I did intend to marry her, but what is the use of throwing away old March's money, when I can have her and the money too. Claire is such a fool that I shall be able to do anything I like with her after we are married. ' " But what a peerles s creature Evelyn is ! I never knew human flesh could be so lovely until I saw her. Why, her beauty is fairly dazzling ! And such a figure ! Poor Claire, with all her beauty, is but a fright in comparison. "I suppose I shall have no end of tears when Evelyn finds I don't intend to marry her after all. I would have done it the other night, though. But now that I haye her safe in the padded room Pshaw ! It would be folly." As he drew nearer to the house his eagerness increased, and as his fancy pictured his lovely I captive, now weeping in dire distress, and now defying him with that queenly air of hers, he raised his whip and brought it down on his animal's back. " Come, Dick," he said, " don't forget that you are taking me to one of the houris from paradise." Dick broke into a swift gallop, which soon took him to the house Gerald was seeking, He sprang from the horse, after a careful look around to Bee that he was not observed, and unlocked the gate with a key which he took from his pocket. The reins he threw over his arm, and led the horse around the house to a stable in the rear. There he tied the heated animal, giving him a handful of hay to munch on, and left him. " I will prepare breakfast first," he said to him- self, " and this afternoon that woman should |be here from New York to take care of her ; for I don't want my pretty bird to lose her roses while I am taming her." He whistled softly, as a man in very high spirits will sometimes do, and walked along with a jaunty air until he came in sight of the broken door. Then an oath broke from his lips, and a ghastly« pallor whitened his face. " What's this ? Who's been here ?" He stood a moment staring, and then leaped through the door and ran up stairs. The bird had flown. There would be no tears of distress, no haughty defiance this time. The taming would have to be postponed. There was no doubt of the reality of the disappearance ; though Gerald, in his impotent anger, had the folly to run from one room to the other, cursing the men, vowing to recapture Evelyn and make her pay or his disappointment, and aeting for a little while like a demented' mau; ' ' ' Then came the thought of how she had escaped Who had helped her ? Some one from the outside must have"done it. Who? j I It Don were alive he would at once have sus- pected him. Could the men have returned and done it ? What could be their object ? WaB it known that he had had anything to do with it P No. Luckily he had not seen Evelyn, nor she bim. Where waa she P Would she have gone back to Lowell ? The thing that he must do was to get away from there as quickly as possible. He did not wish to be suspected in any flaBe ; least of all since he had lost his prize. Be closed and locked the door of the padded room, and put the key in his pocket so that any marauders should not be able to get in without violence; though he did not fear them much, Bince the house had long had the reputation | of being haunted. He laughed at the idea of ghosts, but he would not he down to sleep in the dark any more. As quickly as possible he procured his horse, and rode back to the stable in town. " " A good morning for a ride," said the stableman. " Lovely," replied Gerald, but he did not seem to think so. At his usual hour he was at the mill, and he would have given anything to know whether Evelyn was in her place or not. But he did not dare risk arousing suspicion by going to see at once. He was obliged to let an hour or more elapse before sauntering through the loom-room in which Evelyn had been stationed. There she was, working as if nothing had happened. She did not look up as he passed her, for she knew she could not Bubdue the scorn that flashed in her eyes, and Gordon had said that she l must not let him It now that she suspected him. Gerald was puzzled to know what it meant. Was it possible that the men bad carried off the wrong girl, and that her friends had followed and rescued her? For once in his life he felt completely foiled and baffled. He longed to know if anything bad happened to Evelyn, and yet did not dare to ask a question. He ground his teeth and returned to the count- ing-room, muttering: " The next time I swear I will succeed !" He was never very courteous to those under bim in the office, and to-day he was ready to say an ugly thing on the least provocation. The clerks all hated him, and it was for that reason that no one remained in the office under bim who could find employment anywhere else. Mr. March had given him charge of one branch of the office, so that he was supreme in his own de partment. i It waa about eleven o'clock when Gordon walked into the room. He had already been out to see how Don was progressing, and was happy with the news, that while he had not yet recovered, he was certainly out of any danger of losing bis mind. Miss Adams had consented to have Rosie come as her assistant, though without knowing of the mill girl's attachment to Don. And what was of more importance to Gordon, he had confided his story to the young doctor, and had so completely won his confidence that the physician had permitted him to use him as a reference. 