THEATRE ROYAL. The opening season of pantomime time inaugurated oa Christmas eve, a crowded house witnessing the first presentation of "Babes in the Wood" and "Bold Robin Hood and his Foresters Good." The scene opens in the home of Old Father Christmas who wakes up from his "forty winks." The strains of a Christmas Carol sounding in the distanur. Herne the Hunter enters (Mr. John Forde) with the familiar demon indi gestion and announces his intention of spoiling the Christmas pleasures, his atten tion to be particularly engaged against children. The three fairies Yuletide (Miss Florence Esdaile), Holly (Miss Stuart Gleeson), Mistletoe (Miss Bella McEwan) appear and promise to watch over the babes. The next scene of an English village close to Sherwood and introduces a number of characters, Little Phyelis and Daphne in their specialities, who danced and sang equal to those many years their seniors. Master Goddard is clever in his balancing on globes and slack wire walking. Dame Tahitha Durden has an interview with the wicked Uncle (Mr. John Gourley), the Dame having charge of the children and the Uncle wishing to get rid of them by poisoning, desiring to possess the fortune of his brother's children: Little Ciss and Will (Mabel Russel and Daisie Chard) who make their appearance directly afterwards some cross firing having gone on between them they engage in a trio " It may be so my child." Burglar Bill (Mr. Chas. Fanning) and Joe Ugly (Mr. Will Stevens) make a compact with the Baron to remove the children for fifty pounds. The yearly archery meeting takes place at which Robin Hood (Miss Ada Bemister) shoots for the hand of Marion (Miss Bella Bashall) and wins it, the betrothal following. Miss Bemister then sings "Farewell for Ever" in which she gives a most favorable im pression and also in other songs rendered by her during the evening, although she appeared at a great disadvantage, suffering 1 from a very severe cold. After some more negotiations with Baron Bullyrag and various songs having been sung, the scene closes with the patriotic air "gVive la Aqstralia." The next scene of the Bron's study, an interview with the ruffians. Jollyboy (Mr. G. P. Carey) tells of the want of advertising in the song " The Needful Eighteen Stamps." The plot to have the babes put away is discovered by the dame who together with Robin Hood and Jollyboy agree to watch over them. An amusing medley " I saw my chance and took it" by Messrs. Gourley, C trey, and Shine was well rendered as also " The Old Church Bell" by Mr. Forde. The scene of the ehildrens cotroom seems an appropriate place for Miss Kate Bashail in the new innovation of the serpentine dance which was executed in a most capable manner and repeated during the evening in various cos tumes. A novelty is introduced in the procession of all the Kings and Queens of England from William the Conqueror to Queen Victoria. The approach of the reign ing sovereign is heralded by a band and her Majesty is preceded by a detachment of-the Life Guards each on a black pony. As she approaches the gaslights the orchestra and band unite in playing the National Anthem. The audience rising and a loyal termination is secured for the end of Act L The com mencement of the second act is the scene of the Baron's Picture Gallery, where he is counting his gold. The dame and Jollyboy appear as ghosts and the Demon comes through a wall and frightens the Baron, Ciss and Will are taken for a walk by Bill and Joe. Sherwood again in which Robin Hood and his many foresters with the girls enjoy themselves Robin singing the song " Have a drink boys." They dissappear at the sound of the bugle to find the babes. Bill and Joe are to murder the children but Joe doesn't like it and Bill going daggerin hand to kill Cissie is tripped up by Will and they run offhand in hand and get lost in the woods, the Robins come in and cover them with leaves as they lay embracing each other, the scene closes with the revelry of the storm fiends. The scene changes again to the Watteau Retreat of Light and Love in which there is much dancing. The Castle of Many Towers (Baron Bullyrag) which is attacked and taken by Robin Hood. The children are restored by the fairies, the Baron repents and returns the money belonging to them, Robin is made Earl of Huntingdon and of course marries Marion and all ends happily. The transformation scene follows, a des cription of its beauties we must leave over until another issue. On Saturday afternoon the third Matinee will be held, and this play been very in structive and interesting for children, we feel sure that a large audience will attend. Holiday seekers have made the most of the Xmas and New Year carnival by visiting tha Waxworks, where, in addition to the col lection of figures, models. &c.;, a very enjoy able variety programme is put forward day evening. Proprietor Kreitmayer, and, his manager Phil Stuart, have been most atten tive to secure the goodwill of their many patrons. 