For Hmpatitis. .Dr. Flotohor'i Pills are - a sure oure for biliousness and liver complaints, hcepatitis, hendaoho, indigestion, heartburn, kidney ail ments,, and females' siok headaches. So, if you want a really good family pill, try Dr. Fletoher's Pills, tho silent and painless motor that purifioB tho human system of all accumulations of morbid, foreign, and poisonous SoorctioriB. JThoy aro as mild as a pot, lamb,, qb harmless ashoney, oa sodrohin as a small' tooth oomb, and as sure as a spnng gun. Thoy don't go fooling a round, 'but attend striotly to business, and nqvor labour in vain. Dr. Fletoher's. Pills are prepared oh eolentifio principles. Thoy contain no aloos, calomel, or gomhogo, or any drastio purgative, liko most pUls now sold to a confiding pahlio, hut are mado of pure .regqtable ingredients, whioh aot by gently stimulating ' the liver and softening the impacted feeoos, thereby giving relief and comfort unattended by the annoyance and pain of griping and purging, and are confidently recommended to. all- persons of a sluggish or bilious temperament. . They are sola every where, or post free, 13 stamps, from F. M. CLEMENTS, Nowtown, New South Wales. ' A writer ia tho "Gontlowomat?' is.ro- sponsible for the following trilling story: "Two young girls, one of whom I know, went to stay in' a country houBO some timo during this year. They were given a room with a logond attached to it to the offeot that a woman, whose faoo was covered with blood, banntod it, I believe, howevor. that the girls laughed and said they didn't mind. That night tiiey wont to bed, and very soon afterwards tho door opened and a woman ruehed in, horfaoeoovored with blood, and threw horeolf on tho bod. Tho girls, terrified out of thoir sensos, pulled tho bedolothes over tlieir heads and remained whoro thoy wero, too frightened to movo. At longth, hoaxing nothing, thoy foil off to sloop, thinking tho ghost hod gono. But tlio noxt morning whon they awoko, thero, right aoross tho foot of tho bod, lay tho woman, doad and cold. Poor thing 1 Sho was ono of tho ladios' maids, who had suddenly broken a blood vossol and ran iu to try and get help ; but not being ablo to speak for choking, and also being tho exact impersonation of tho' ghost;' she jot n'o .. 