Lady's Letter from Sydney. Society baa been madly gay since Thursday evening; and although the ea mo programme is got© through year after year there is still a kind of novelty and excitement in it. The days, too, hare been magnificent — the heat of the suu tempered by a wandering wind, with showers 01 rain ; the whole face of nature a mighty uxtaoy of approaching winter, the sky a far-away vault of blue. Splendid weather favored holiday makers on Good Friday, and was greatly enjoyed by the thousands who flockod to the churohes, anil various pretty spots bo numerous around Sydney. The largest crowd, however, was at the Agricultural Show, whore dress and fashion made the greatest show of all. There were overflowing congregations in the evening at the Cathedral, where the 'Messiah' was porformed, at the Town Hall Sacred Concert, and other advertised musical services. Eastor morn dawned gloriously; tinting alike nature and humanity with its refulgence. How thoroughly city people enjoyed the few days away from the uoi so and bustleand cares of town life ! No ono would have thought that ' times were dull,' j-idgiug by the unstinted patronage accorded to tho theatre! and other places of amusement during the holidays. Of course, oountry visitors predominate in this respect. I do not blame them for Booing all that is to be seen in the metropolis — even the ' double babies,' at the waxworks in George-street. The other evening 1 eiw'a crowd of bucolics eager to gain admis sion to see this terrible monstrosity, whose cmiosity had been aroused by the modern Barnum shouting out tho wonders of the show. Truly, there ought to be legislative restriction for all such exhibits, which not only tend to develop morbid tastes in tho people, but cannot be good for the health likewise, as we are told there IB a close connection botwoen the mental aud the physical. : Upon women of delicate norvouB systems, the effect must be very harmful. ? ' On Saturday night the streets were crowded, and shops brilliant. Groups of persons were to be seen bustling off with hampers laden, and faces all -aglow with smiles. ' Hot cross bunB1' wore forgotten in the anxiety for roast goose there is a fashion in food too, as in everything elsn. When Easter Monday came,, there were signs of disappointment on faces, the owners of whom had promised themselves a good time ; for our most Protean weather had changed from bright to dull. A rather severe gale, ac companied with much rain, passed over the city on Sundav night, leaving the sky leaden, and threatening— in faot it was raining pitilessly as we looked out of our bedroom window to ate what the weather was like. But, fortunately, by the time breakfast was over, the clouds relented of their vengeance — as' if ashamed to mar the joy of thousands— -and presently the sun-god struggled for maBtery, and blue masses trind to poop out from behind angry dark clouds. After all it turned out a charming day— and the first day of winter, too. for 'oh, how bleak and cold it became after noon ; corn belling us to bring out our warmest wraps and furs. I believe summer has given its last gasp. The Bandwick races shared the honors with the Agricultural Show and harbor excursions on Monday. The first day of the autumn meeting of the Australian Jookey Club on Satur day attracted vast numbers j but the ' Sydney Cup ' on Easter Monday saw the oourse a bril liant scene of buuiuoss beauty, and fashion. Is not it a wonder that people never tire of races P And strange that human boinge are impelled there from various motives. With men the motive-power is money, with women fashion and admiration. Now, which is the most ignoble f Uow vulgai is the bowl from which the mass of mankind quaffs its floods of joy and sorrow 1 The pleasure of observation does not certainly depend on tho beauty of what oue observes. Tou see innumerable little dramas; in fuct, almost everything has acts and scenes — like a comedy. Very often it is a comedy with tears. Thore have been a good many of them enacted, evon in theeo holiday jaunts. . ' The Agricultural Show with its numerous and various departments proved vary attractive to both sexes, and of all ages. The youngest child, able to take notice, waB ' interested. Tho colonial industries were well represented, notably in the way of fruit-preservinp:, fruit-growing, horticulture, pottery ware. Great interest was manifested in the horso jumping events— and by the way, the country lasses showed to advan tage on hor&oback;, being the embodiment of the idoa that a woman looks her best ou horsobaok, and an Australian woman, I think, eolipsos any other. Thoro is a fascinating dash about her, mingled with lovo of tho exeroise, which is a pleasure to beholders. There was a fine display of buggies yokod to horses that could go, pairs and teams, and tandems, all vioing with each other to show uff good points ; but I liked best the pretty ponies, with sweeping white tails and manes, equalling bigger horses in speed and Btylo. One of the most interesting features was the slump- shearing, and several rival machines were at work, tho practical result of which waB seen in the pat ion t sheep during the course of a very few minutoB. Tho steam machine used by Gainsborough, Mort & Co., was the most expeditious, in comparison to the hand maohine. What a blessing for the poor sheep that auuh u machine has been invented, as the risk of cutting is thereby minimised. After spending an hour in tho main pavilion — whoro tho elite throng— we strolled towards the live stock, aud notwithstanding the remark of a wit near me who said that ' if the oountry was going to the dogs, we were goiug to the pigs, which was infinitely worse' — for all that I knew that he was very fond of a bit of roast pork. I enjoyed looking at the Bplendid specimens of fat cattle, the honest-faced dairy cattle — Jerseys, and Ayreshires and Devons — some of them with their pretty calves. The pig, and dog, and poultry sections were shows in them selves, especially the last named, whore we lingered long admiring the different birds. To one fond of poultry there is no limit to the virtues to bo discovered in the various breeds — Langshuns, Brahmas, Dorkings, Spanish birds, &o.; My education on this particular branch re ceived a fillip whioh has intensified my love of poultry. An exhibit which excitod feminine curiosity to a degree was tho 'Austin Perfect Washer.*' Three processes are at work at the same time— friotion, sluicing, and compression — by which means the result accomplished on dirty linon is wonderful. Without rubbing, cuffs, collars, laces, and muslins emerge as white aud dean as possible. The washers for domestic laundry purposes cau be worked very easily. Thero is also another apparatus adjusted to the box for washing wool and skins on atatioaa. But the one for home use ought to be invaluable to housekeepers. And now a word on fashions ; for disguise or deny it as we will, there is no doubt that feminine interest is centred heart and soul on tho styles to be worn at tho advent of a new siason. The Easter dresses came out in all their glory at the different social funotions. Tho corselet bodico — thut abominably outrage oua fashion—still holds sway with fledgelings, I cannot think how auy woman of sense, and years, and taste, could allow herself to bo dis fiqurod by wearing her corsets over hor dress 1 Yos, that's juat what it looks like. - Tho corselet belt, on the othor hand, is rather pretty on slim figures. It has beon Bottled that tartan effects are to be union patronizod, for which we have to thank, or otherwiao, Prinooss Marie of 'Edin- burgh. Perhaps the clan Duff tartun will receive an impetus by reason of our new Gover nor, At any rate the effect will brighten the sombroness of winter garments. Laco is still much usod, and is a graceful adjunct to any costume. Bodices are greatly trimmed with laoo falling ovor high shouldors of sleevos, in SokoB, and cuffs, ?while ribbons heighten, style y adorning edges of bodices, and falling in long streamer* behind, . ' The latest in shoes is a stout black canvas, iaced with yellow laces. They are much effected by aotresses. and really look comfortable, as well as 'nobby,' as a saleswoman told me. Fheir greatest merit is plenty of room for the Feet, and low heels. By the way, hair nets' are coming in. I have seen a few worn— generally by light-haired women — and they do look tidy, If a little quaint. And I was shown some the 3th e r day at a large drapers, which were to be worn on the front of the hair, envelopiug all bhe fussy masses of recalcitrant locks that give a woman suoh a frowsy appearance. I think those will be an improvement to those who possess woolly 6hochs of hair — for they will at leant condense. Authority speaks with no un certain voice that ' Zouaves ' are to be in vogue iuiing tho winter months — and very pretty are tho specimens I have seen in velvet. In the way of dress materials, all woollens, serges, reps, and cords will be popular. The newest modus in silks and brocades are very lovely — generally colored flowers on black grounds — revivals of 300 years ago. A new silk has been introduced by the best firms for evening wear, called the ' Moonlight.' It is an appropriate name too, for the shimmer of tho palest blu-? nhot with steel grey produces an effect like thu*. shed by the Queen of the Night when full - orbed. - ? . The little capes made of cloth with thrc 3 graduated ones like a ooachman's cape, is again to be worn. I oun't say I fanoy, them. In hats and bonnets imagination runs riot. Feathers are to bo tremendously fashionable. Among the close-fitting straw hats is a variation on the Bolero, with a Tam o' Shanter orown of velvet in a contrasting color, and quills at the side. Some of the orowns are — not to put too fine a point on it — very eccentric Upon my word, 1 doubt whether I am equal to describing them. For instance, one new model consists of a black straw plateau, and a pink pyramid ' rising to an altitude' — as the geography books nay — of six or seven inohes, its only ornament being a bow at the side. Another hat has a dome crown, surrounded by a steep wall, above the top of which the roof is just visible. It is hinted that lator on skirts are to be hooped up at one side in the manner that you sometimes see them in old-world pictures, and, of course, with this style will also come in the reticules and buokles, and sandals, and sloping shoulders of our great, great grand mothers— the last named are my pet aversion. After all this, who will deny that vanity hits not ruined more women than love. Bat it is not women alone who are slaves to fashion, 1 have been observing the male individual too during the festive times ; and have been amused at the ' masher's get up.' The bank clerks, — as a rule— are the horons.of masherdom ; and in most cases they may be classed as a aperies of ' hard-up swells,' for their salaries are infinitesimal. Yet, they always manage, somehow, to procure money for ' beaks,' and think thoy succeed in facinating the Hobos of the bars. The genuine ' masher' is a gorgeous being, leading a butterfly exis tence. To see him in all his glory you must walk along the 'Block' on a Saturday forenoon, or visit the gardens when the band is playing. At the Show I saw him sporting a hat with a microscopic brim, a collar of enormous height and stiffness, and shirt of dazzling whiteness. His trousers — to 'show that they were new— were turned up some three inohes at the bottom, and on bis arm hung a top-ooat. His walking stick was of a delioato fancy, while his jewellery had the merit of striking magnitude. With him was a dog, who could compete in intelligence with his master. ' In the heydey of his career the fashionable fop is the darling of tho bars, where he con sumes whiskeys and ' long beers ' galore, and is always food for profuse supplies of flowers and lollies, gloves, and trumpery trinkets to the attendant charmers — for whioh some kindly relative replenishes his pookets with the all needful 'braes'* — to say nothing of pleasant little pionio excursions to Ohowder or Manly. He is also a staunch patron of burlesque actresses of the ' Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay ' style, as well as the industrious bookmaker. He is of opinion that to captivate and overcome the regard of the fair sex he can alone do so by ostentation and affectation in dress, manner and speech. Probably, he docs not know that a woman may like a gentleman with a fair exterior and pleasant manners, but that it is the manly man she can alone trust and love. Mr. Alfred Dampier — the well-known actor — with his two. talented daughters, Lily and Hose, have once again come to Sydney, after an absence of. several years, spent in Melbourne and New Zealand. , It was quite a treat to old theatre-goers to welcome this fine actor and bis company at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday. The applause that greeted the popular favorites testified that they had not been for gotten. Tho oxciting play, ' Bobbery under Arms,' was produced, and' the thrilling . inci dents took the public by storm. It is' we - aoted throughout, and moreover is truly Aus tralian, whioh, I suppose, is its greatest charm. Time has not dealt kindly with the pretty Lily, who seems . sadly wilted by the touoh of adverse Fate; all the coquettish girlishness seems to have vanished. Rumor says that the clever little actress ?' loved not wisely, but too well.' What . a pity it is that two of our brightest stars of the stage have been unfortu nate in their wedded relations. The inimitable Essie, however, from all accounts seems con tended with her wealthy husband, and beauty blossom of a daughter. What a prettily regal and intelligent aotress is Mrs. Brough, of the Criterion, I was quite charmed with her the other night in ' Niobe— all Smiles,' whioh, by the way, is the most wonderful farce-comedy that has ever been written. It is full of ejreruoiating situations of the sublime and the ridioulous. Niobe. resur rected after 3000 years in the marble state, is a bewitohing personage whose comments on modern affairs are irresistably humorous. This relio of Grecian greatness might well be shooked at some of the extraordinary things she sees in the nineteenth century. Turning from gay to grave, I merely touoh on the terrible tragedy so lately enacted in our beautiful oity. It is comforting to know that the deceased was a pure, good, Christian woman, as certified by her pastor in the columns of the daily press ; and the calamity can only be looked upon as one of the enigmas of life which the Father will make ole»r in the great hereafter. ENIGMAS. I wanted tho sweep of the wild wet weather, Tho wind's long lash, and the rain's free fall, Tho toss of tho trees as they swayed together, The measurolcsB gray that was over them all ; Whoso roar speaks more than a language spoken, Wordless and wonderful cry on cry. The sob of an earth that H vexed and broken, The answering sob of a broken Bky.' ? ? What could they tell us ? We see them cvor, The trees, and the sky, and the stretch of the land ; But they giro us n word of their secret never ; . They toll no story wo understand. ,:''.. Yet Imply tho ghost-like birch out yonder ''' Knows much in a placid and silent way ; ' Tho rnin might tell what the gray clouds ponder, The winds repeat what tho violets say. Why weep? tho rain ? Do you know its sorrow.? . Do you know why the wind is so sad, so end J Have you Btood in a r.'ft-'twixt adiiy and a morrow, Seen their hands meet and their eyes grow glad ? Is the trro'rt pride strong nt its top's abnsoment 1 Is the white rosa more of a saint than the red? What thinks tho star as it sees through the enscmont A young girl lying beautiful, dead ? ''SILVERPEN.' 