IN SEARCH OF A WINNER WHAT THE MEDIUM TIPPED. (tly Kr.u.Yw.ux.) Tho only thing in tbo way of auric that I bad heard for weeks was tbo cir- pierclng shriek of tho boss's boy. Wo lived aW3y b.i;k dowu Golaatipy way, aud tho boy bad ju«t returned from n virit to Melbourne bringing with him tho coag, "Could 1 Only Hack a Winner." lilsrojvrtoirolnut go beyond that, and ht me 1 tell yon that from tho time be roso in the morning to thotboo he turned In be did nothing but scream away at this. Tho very jackasse in tbo trees utood it for somo timo and then triod to faugh bim out of it, and as for mo, well, 1 Imd to stw, thou.'h it used to cause my head to ri»<. fall mors rapidly than a sharamarket Last woek the hoy did uotliing but talk horeo and Melbourne Cup, And every wntenco was rounded off with tho assurance —given musically— that if ho could only Lack a winner ho would bo a different man ! Somehow, I cottoned to tho song then tor the firat timo. Whenever I hesrd it before that day I longed for tho goro of tho Individnu who composed U, and you may guess my feel ings towards tho singer, lint this day, as I have said, 1 didn't iniod. 1 found tnysolf warbling it. and thou I thought of how 1 could spot tho winner. 1 know none of tho horses, but 1 had hoard n lot abont a " spiritualist" who had virited »— -'s— onr neighbor's. Ho could tell you almost every thing. I hod made up my mind "to havo my Httlo bit on" the Melbourne Cup, sad hero was a show to find out which horse would win. I would go to Melbourne and hunt up a tiptop spirit man— not n wino and spirit merchant : kindly don't misunderstand. Down I came, and with a bosom f riond r-et out for a placo In ono of tho suburbs where a "circle" syas to sit in tho evening. We tapped at the door, and out came a litUo man. llo woro a frock coat and long whiskers white and thick. Ho bad eyes liko beads aud a voice like a sexton's. Ho addressed ns aS friends when wo told him wo woro "earnost seeker after tho terowth," and told us to stop insido iu tones which changed from those in which be first addressed us to a cross between a dolightod dime museum lecturer's and a ssd patent medicine man's when describing a difficult caso ho had succeeded in healing. We entered. Tho front room of a musty liouso was sot apart for tho soauoo, and into this room wo wero ushered by a pale faced girl. .Tho room was extravagantly illumi nated by a koroictio lamp of about hull a candle power, but in this dim religious light wo tnuda out several form of man and women sitting round in a circle, nnd waiting for tho business to begin. Frwcnlly tho palo-face.l girl tnmmod the tamp, and now we could study tho faces of tbo occupants of tho room. There was an elderly man, evidently a brother of frook coat aud whiskers. Though ho spoko to two poorly-droned females sittiug ucxt him, bo was clearly driving at us. But wo spoko novoru word. We wero wailiug for n Cop winner. Tbcu Iho two women bogau to cauklo and gigglo. Thoy woro a tricksy littlo couple, with kittenish ways. Kach gently tapped tho othor on tbe olbsw, and tbon would put her fingta on her lips in n vury arch iaabicu. This was oridcutly dono to poos tho timo agrcoxbly and make us feci at home. Tho playful pair of littlo pussies believod they were charming. Thoy were happy in that belief, doubtless. But an at least forty- fivo rummers inuithaio passed over tbo Load of each, it was unlikely that any body oiso would. "Two looojuais should not sit together," said tho paaty-fneed girl, and then a rush for different chuir followed on tho par: of tho womeu ,wbo conversed on tbe perfect " tr.vuce incojim "rio-and-so wa?,-or tho case with which "&o-andao; could be controlled." In filed two or thrco more men, and tfaon, no my mate and I were thu only two strangers, a piece of curd board rolled iu circular ik&po; was paused to tis. Wo woro earncut setkers, and road tho printing ou this religiously. In effect wo wero asked not to laugh, not to speak, aod not to do many things, though when tbo revised edition of that card fa scut to Iho press thoy might insert uuo request which apparently has been over looked. Thoy might ask the audience to kindly keep from winking or breathing so loudly as somoof them «Ud on tbe night wo went in itoirch of thu Cup winucr. But tho doors havo becu locked and frook coat and whiskers comos lu. Tbo lamp was thun extinguished, and small night-light was loft dimly burning on tho mantel pioce. "Wo will sing (n order to promote the harmony of tho circle," said tho patriarch. Tho girl, whoao duty it was to pitch tho tunc and aik if the spirit of Georgo were present, fired out "In the Sweot Byoaud- byo." Now, tlti was right into our hands. Both of u gave touguo liko Italian artists, nud tho Gorman baud could not havo discharged such n volumo of sound as wo Uo did. My rnato sailod away like lms Hooves! I followed, but iu the endeavour to dovetail in a few fanoy flourishes, tenor cum haw— " lu the sweet, in the sweet,"— tho nature of tho entertainment and tho oddity oi tha situa tion in wbk'h wo found ourrclves htruek uj simultaneously, i got no further than the baas "»woc " inthorefniiu. Then wo both becarao almost paralysed with laughter. It was vory dark, nud uothing, save tlio entry of tho spirit of tho picture nf tho " burglars' horror " iidvortis«mont, to ho in keopiug with thu burning night lignt, could have cheeked us. However, wo araoihcrad our lougnter somehow, nud iluu tho patriarch, who was sifting on tho corner, began 10 tap tho floor with his boots i thought a step dancer was in our midst, but a fow horriblo groans from the ownerof tho foot convinced mo that tho spirit was at work. Ihadmydonbtewhea ho entered. That oyo of his looked a Lit off, but now whon he groanod I was positive ho had boenat tho spirit. Somoouo ciao, too, had been ot them, I should say, for one of my neighbors—not my mato— rooked with rum and garlic ; wliilu coming from a chair or two furthor along tho circle, whore tho women woro sooted, floated thoaus- piciou of gin and clove. The patriarch wai rtlUtAppiagaadaighlog. I thought every moment that a tambourine or two, and tbo skull belonging to the Haw- thorn logs ami arms mystery would dance into ho room, for Ibadreenatflmbourinflaml skele ton dancing about tho stage of » tboatrawhen the cabinet trick was being performed. But uonocatno. Still, Iheold man fappod. Jlfa tbne was perfect. Tho stylo, to judge from tho sound— you could not eo him— was a Lancashire clog, and the nolgk- bore most bavo a treat with tho old gentleman's saltatory performances if seances take place nightly. Tho wonder Is that they have stood him so long. " Ah, ah I" " Oh, oh I" groaned he in dismal tonoi, " I cannot bo controlled to-night." My friend and 1 abont tbfa timo dropped to tho boiiocAi. Tho old 'an was trying to gooff In it sort of trenoe. We awaited developments and prepared to lend a band U tho old one woe at all refractory in hie unconscious moments. "Ah, oh I whew 1" from tho whiskorodone- "Do you sco any forme abont Y " asked a haggard-looklog young fellow who hod tr- rivod a fow moments alter us. " Yes, many. There are two here" replied the patriarch. I thought UU somewhat rudo referring tone as "forma." But U appears that he meant oomethlsg connected with the spirits— perhaps spirits iaa "broken down" form- something under proof. " Ho's got 'em/' I whispered to my mate. (Subdued laughter and murmure of dissent ) Groins camo from tho old man. Heoouhl not be controlled. The "conditions" wun peculiar. Hflhalll sfafc ytH I " No, my maid: We shell not warble at tbe present juncture; They come and gc (referring to tho fonus) but still 1 cauuot be controlled." " Is George here, pt ?" " I have not seen him, my tnrid." (George, 1 fancy, died somi few years ago, and wta tho tnsid a brother.) "fau may chint, my " Ljc asyoue here know Beautiful F»ce»F she asked. My mato growled out that he knew " Dream FaWand wai "hushed" to ordor. NobjJy know it, und tbo maid loloeri. Ihe old man who had been groining and beating the floor with life feet for about haif-rn hour, again mado himself beird, snd proofaimod that Lo felt liko a furnace. His copper must havo ruu hot, and water, with, I fanoy, a tcfagrspb pule in it, sizzled and gurgled down bis throat. A jug had been placed closo to pa. He wai about to give up tbe ghost ouafa noii for iho evening, whoa a round hreko en hi cor. One oiha woman— a "wrojitn" began to tap tho floor with her boot. I fancy the solo must have been worn through, judging by tho thud. She had ruritcd to tho reiouo of tho old fellow. Murmurs suggestive of applause came from tho circle and two people only laiigbod. They were stranger nnd o-irnost seekers. Two people, at least, voted the lady to be suffering from an attack of strong liquor, and a knock out by gin aud gloTea. But those two wero wrong in their snrmfacs. The patriarch was not going to to putln tlie shado by n weak woman aud he mildly re marked, 44 1 cannot be controlled. What. 1 Oh J I feci Utcra on my forehead. There they are. Look !" "Is ho looking for snakes!" I asked my mato. During a period of laughter which nearly buret us ho replied, in pitying tones, 44 The old gent has got tho jim-jams" Oh, we were enjoying oureolvoi In tbfa strnugo fatd. 1 ho woman— a German— began to groan and shriek. Thin king she bad fainted, I was for carryiog her out to the fresh air, but I was restrained from so doing by my mate, who was told by a man sitting next him tbAt she was uudcr control. I had seen no straight jackets. " kah, yah, oh, eo, oh," iho groanod, and then followed sobbing and moaning for a few minutes. " She ssemi in pain," suggested her lister medium. "So she is," said the patriarch. "He weutthroughbeiogscaldcd a few years back " From this wo gathered that tho woman's huibttud— a Dout.icber— had been sent to lfardorlnud through being sciMod to death; but whothor such scalds wore caused by hot tea, or water balled for domestic purposes was not stated. Many lacobcrcut remarks were uttered by tbo entranced person, nod in order that the company should be placed in possession of tho moaning of her uitorances, tho gonttemoa saturated with garlic sitting next me stepped forward. I fancy he fa a diver. I don't know, I merely apply the seionco of deduction to his stylo of walking. You would think ho was a regi ment in himsolf marching nftor Lobongufa, What led me to bollovo ho was a diver was tlio nofao bo made with bis boots, a nofao as If they woro weighted after tho stylo of diver's toofaie covers. He exchanged a fow words with tha woman, whoso answers would havo puzzled tho most scientific American ox ploror, and hi most improved phonographia machinery, now in South Africa. I recognised that my opportunity was coming. I allowed tbo medium to talk to her busbaud. I imagine >10 was scolding bcri for eho wept profusely, during which timo tlio patriarch was nobody und nowhere. To my mato I whispered, 4 4 I'm going to inquire for tbe Capwiuuer/'os tbe lady seemed perfect sacyolopcdla whilo resting hor hood upon tbe bcgnrlicked shculder of tho diver. 44 Right you are," ropliod he. " lloro goes," said I. " Madam, 1'vo trarolted far to bo present hero to-night. (' Order !' 4 Hueb, hush !' aud sighing ana sobbing and showing of tooth.) I doriro you to tell tuo tbo narao of tho horeo whloh will win tbo Melbourne Cup." Then the uproar camo. 44 Boot dat vcllow out !" commanded Garllo, whom I bod offended early in tlie evening by mildly sug gesting that ho should raako his next few meal of ciovca and parsley. The patriarch intcrposod, 44 No. Wo shot! not ask him to depart. But ho must understood that all questions must be filtered through tho nlmirman."- No timo wns given for mo to put tho ques tion. I was potting afraid. I got my Up though. Tho chairnuin whfaporod something, and as I was grabbing my hat (he (renelGod being grosood, 44 Yah. J see dcr Coop von by dor liddlo borw. Doy cry out, ' Vortuua tu.' Yah, dot it dcr horeo that will vin der Coop." Out I was fired by tbo offended ono, who Imd undo hi preaouco smelt nud folt. But I had faith, f was on tho way to wealth. I would send tho raodium a bonnet. 1 would . But don't know what I was not doing to do— if 1 ouly backed tho winner. Away wo sped to our homos. Tbe next morning wbon my bank opened it doors 1 drew out my modest L50O. On it went at a good price. Fortunntiu was carrying mo into a condition of wusltb. Id tho afternoon of that someday, a man was soon sweeping little pioce of bis friond togotlior in n hairdrosicr's shop in Bourko slroot. An hour or two after I had I tacked thu modinm's tip Fortuuatus was eoratohed ! 