PASSING- NOTES. By Faustine. Such a pathetic little figure it was, stand ing out night this week in front of the tram- way waiting-room at Park-street, scraping away on a violin. Trousers ragged and too short, coat too long ; his hat, the one resplcn- dout feature in a scarecrow toilette of ockl3 and ends, might have been the cast-off head gear of a benevolent curate of 40. But all that was nothing. It was tho absolute weariness in tho child-face that hurt one — an innocent face that should have been lying, washed and kissed, on a soft pillow in some parent nest, the light of happy dreams upon it — a face on which vicious iiilluences and hard treatment had not yet stamped the coarser lines and callous impudence of the ordinary city Arab. Two or three times the ecclesiastical-looking hat went round and re turned empty, or nearly so. Nobody had any time. How could they, when they were rush ing up to buy tickets, or rushing down again, or chatting about the evening's entertain, ment, or watching the gradual drawing nearer of the particular beacon light that | to them meant home and rest? Meant too, ! for many, just one careful good-night look at dimpled, rosy children, who had been f asleep in their white-drapcried cots for | hours since, restfully passing, love-en- wrapped and gently teuderl, from a happy to-day to a happy to-morrow — while a small human brother, with sickly cheeks and lids obstinately drooping over dark-rimmed eyes, flung himself down on hard stone steps for five minutes' rest from cares he had no busi ness with. He did not get his rest. Even at that instant a man came up—a strong, dark mau, with a face not pleasant to sec. He said not a word ; but his look was enough: the boy cowered under it ! Then he took the weary child by the collar, and led him forth, still silently, but with an air that meant mischief. I saw no more, except in imagination. A beating with strap or whip, to the accom paniment of oaths and abuse, and boyish cries for mercy ; a sobbing to sleep 011 a squalid bed, with fierce determinations for revenge in that longed-for "some day" when tho weak boy would be a big, strong man. All these things I pictured, distinctly enough. But tho last glimpse was just that — a great burly figure, marching along with its grip at a child's throat, and a small hand, with a violin in it, hanging down limply. Mauy, many mental sketches of street-boy life have I gathered together at that corner ! Some of them are in indelible ink, and remain. That of a twelve-year-old newsboy, for instaucc, barefooted and grimy, sleeping with his head upon his knees, while tho hurry and bustle of city night life passed by him like the idle wind, and customers patronised his more wide-awake colleagues, Also the weird little figure of one of those colleagues, who, generously iuditlcrcut to extra pennies and the dangers ftf. fcver-eompetilion, woke him up — woke him with a hearty, 44 Here, come out of this, old man ! Won't be sold out 'afore uiornin' ! " I sec, too, another small newsboy, with his bundle of papers clutched to his panting breast, sobbing across the knees of a " pal," who, sitting on the lowest waiting-room step, had laid his literary wares by his side, and was doing his best, after tho phlegmatic, silent fashion of his class — a fashion that shows too surely an early ftimilarily with scenes of suliering and violence — to comfort hiin. 44 What's the matter with him V I asked. The boy looked up, with amiable stolidity. " Got a penknife stuck in his back," he answered, laconically. 44 And how did that happen?" 44 Well, yer see, he was a quarrellin' with a cove bout this 'ere knife," patting the prostrate shoulders as he spoke, 44 and somehow'n other it stuck. I dunno' how. It warn't his fault. It was his knife. He got it giv' him for runnin' a message." 44 All put 011," said an amiable male wise acre, commenting on tho last episode. 44 Got up for your special benefit, no doubt. Oh, don't tell me ! I know you women — senti mentalists one and all. A beggar-boy sitting barefooted in the gutter — ah 1 that moves you to tears. To the sulleriugs of an army, the blow starvation of a manufacturing population, tho gradual deterioration of a race, your indifference is sublime. What the eye doesn't see — you know the old pro verb. You can't generalise." 44 And," chimes in another philosopher, also of tho peace-at- any-priee order, 44 lots of these children are awfully comfortable, don't you know ! Why, they go to school, and have bread and meat for dinner, and all that aort of thing. And on Saturday night they go to the theatre sometimes. Just as bright and happy as larks — one half of them are." To be wise with the wisdom of the streets —to go to school sometimes, and have bread and meat for diuner, to scramble for pennies at tho risk of life aud limb, and go bruised and supperlcss to bed if they arc not forth coming ; yes, there is something superla tively lurk-like about the ordinury existence of tho city street-boy 1 My frieud of the violiu for instance. A very broken-winged and bedraggled little lark ho looked as lie was marched oil' to receive his punishment for ilugging at the post of duty. Tho small figure, dirty and tattered, sleeping crouched upon the pavement at nearly midnight, tho ten-year-old child sobbing from the hurt of a kick from tho iron heel of a man whose sale of a penny paper he had spoiled— blithe littlo larks, these 1 A careworn child 1 — the very idea is unnatural ; even a Tolstoi can hardly exaggerate its hideousucss. Tho new generation cries aloud to us to preserve the springtime buoyancy that is childhood's inheritance, and until that new time when social justice shall have swept away the need for colder charity, and happiness bo a universal birth right, it behoves us to strive that it does not cry in vain. Of all our charities, child- charities should como first, for there is hopo for the future in them. Dickens's "Pip," set down suddenly in a network of memorial cobwebs, and con fronted by a ghastly old woman with a face like a corpse, who fiercely orders him to 44 Play, boy, play !" must have felt, to say the least of it, the reverse of jovial. So must " Air. Sprouts, greengrocer," of immortal memory, wheu, after his sudden accession to fortune and a careful study of 44 Rule II., book 1" — 44 Never talk to the servants, or about them"— a magnificent being in plush asks liim respectfully, 44 Will you take a chair, sir?" What to do? The man's face was civil, the book of "etikwet" ex plicit. One wild moment of perplexity during which the supper-room lights looked like Catherine wheels, ami the distant strains of the band seemed to shriek and jeer at him in his agony. Then the representa tive of the House of Sprouts waved his ducal hand. 44 Chair, sir, chair 1" To dare to mention 44 chairs" to me I As if I didn't know better than to talk to yer or about yer! (When Mr. Sprouts, according to rule 3, 44 left cards," — with 44 carpets beat on reasonable terms "in tho corner— then, and not till then, did Jcames feci himself avenged.) The House of Sprouts is not, extinct. Its members, mostly now on the female side, arc still puzzling over tho intricacies of rules 1, 2, and 3. They write to the magazines and get replies in the 44 correspondence" column. They are just as worried as ever they were about the use of knife, fork, and spoon, and continue supremely anxious to learn the exact distinction between 44 tweedledum ' and 44 twecdledee." When they go out into fashionable society they must foci about as comfortable as poor littlo Pip put to play in a mildewed room filled with Miss Haversbatu's ghosts, and hauutcd by Miss Ilavcrshaui's fierce eyes. But they go all the same, even to court sometimes, where they manage to fall over their trains, drop their bouquets, and salute the royal hand with their noses. However, 4 patience ami perseverance con quer everything,' as 1 used to write in a scrawling round hand 111 my copybook ever so many years ago. K01110 wasn't built 111 a day, And you can't transform a Sprouts or even an Egerton-Bompas into a full- blown Verodc-Verc without a certain amount of trouble. Why, I have concocted quite a little drama out of the following 44 answers" — all to one correspondent— in a March journal. (4) Tho." Countess of A." (5) 14 No, it would he the correct way to address them. But if your father has been accustomed to transact business with the carl, and in tho habit of styling him 44 My lord," at these interviews, it would not bo good style to address him otherwise 011 this one evening only ; but the title should be used in conversation as littlo as possible, and if only a few words avo ad dressed to one or other of your party, not even then. (6) Yes, he will doubt less shake bauds with all the guests as thoy arrive. Your father could oiler his congratulations if well-known to him, aud lie might say, 44 Allow me to wish you many happy returns of this auspi cious day." (N.B. — I am particularly struck by 44 auspicious day " — so light and easy, you know. Only I am afraid there is just a xoupcon of malice about it. Imagine the poor man standing, shuddering, and mopping his brow, because he had forgotten whether it was 44 suspicious " or 44 auspicious " !) Bub to proceed. 7. 44 On such au occasion as this Lady A. will be additionally gracious, and will probably say something of the kind; if so, your mother might say, 44 Thank you very much. It is most kind of you to ask us." You aud your mother should enter the ballroom side by side, followed by your father. They should not enter arm in arm. They will shake hands with you in tho order in which you eutcr. 8. The host and hostess and their son will doubtless shake hands with you when you leave, if the departure is general. They will say 4 'good night," and you should say 44 good night" also. ... 10. At the hour you have ordered your carriage you should endeavor to be in the hall ready to depart, and your father should ask one of the footmen to call up his carriage, 44 Will you ask for my carriage, please ? Air. Smith's carriage," A very mariner's chart in a sea of social billows ! Anybody, I don't care who, from the 44 Widder Alaloncy" to Pretty Poll, might go into society's most holy of holies with such a guide. Provided, of course, tho countess or the earl, or somebody, doesn't turn round in an unexpected spasm of cordiality and ask you if you are a spiritua list, or if you know where Nephellocycoggia is, or any airy trifle like that. And your mother waiting, perhaps, all ready wound up for 44 Thank you very much. It is most kind of you to usk us !" To have the machinery go wrong in that fashion would be decidedly provoking. If one could only face the situation with tho serene, uncon scious grace of Niobe, under the catechism of tho Dunn family, it might be different But a threc-thousand-year-old princess, you see, doesn't care whether she shocks a paltry 19th century carl aud countess or not. 