Local and General. CABRXNGTON TENS LO.R. —The regular meeting of the Oarrington Tent LO.R. was held on Tuesday evening last in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom. Bro'.J. Drummond, O. R. presided. After the openiug ceremonies had been gone through, the stewards reported that one member was incapacitated from duty through sickness and he had complied with the usual regulations for the drawing of sick pay. Bro. O. Bolero was elected Guardian Vice Bro. Whiteford resigned. The consideration of the business sheet for the annual meeting was proceeded with, the tent representative being instructed how to vote on the various mattera^contained therein. THE " WlLFBtD XIAWSOK JuvraroK TBOTIO. . B.'—The^ usual meeting of the Wilfrid Lawson Tent was ield oD jCueiday -evening la»t. . There , was a good attendance of members; 'the Super intendenta in .commaad being Bros. Xittlefield and Drummond. For son.e time post it has been foand that the one hour for the disposal of the business was too limited and steps are being taken to endeavour to get the use of the room on another night, so that the business oould be conducted more properly than now and that a portion of eich meeting misht be devoted to harmony etc. BUDDING LABBIKINS.—At St. John's school. On Monday evening, at the lecture delivered by Mr. John Shaw, there was a display of ill-brad manners on the part of some of the ruing generation of Parramatta, whioh, to say the least J ~ was exceedingly unpleasant and raprehe Some half- dozen low-bred hobble-de-hoys managed to gain admission to the hall, and once there, they succeeded in making themselves thoroughly objectionable. At length, oat of the Surely there are not so m«ny ot the genus referred to among us. that by means of« little tact and discretion, they cannot be kept outside, when serious business is on hand. HE DIDN'T WAIT FOE THE DOCTOR.—On Wednesday evening a youngster, named Evans, whose parents reside in Aird-street, was disporting himself with others, on the vacant allotment (a veritable Parramatta eyesore), at the oorner of Church and Maoquarie-streets, wh°n the proprietor of the swinging boats, just now looated there, put in an objection. Young Evans vamoosed, or tried to do so, but managed to bring his cranium in contact with one of the boats. Down went ung Evans, as if bound far Kingdom dome, le services of Dr. Brown were sought, but he was not at home; then a messenger was dis- ; latched for Dr. Garrett, who started post haste : or the scene of the calamity. However, the youngster had, by that time, recovered his sensas, and ere the worthy medico appeared, he bolted straight for home and was once more safely ensconced in the bosom of his family. T>T. AMDBBW'S.—The E«v. J. W. Inglis will oonduot a service as usual to-morrow, taking for his subject in the morning •< The Holy Ghost," and in the evening " Chance, or Simon, the Cyrenian." In the afternoon he will preach at the Town Hall, Dandis, at & o'olock. MOETOAOEBS SALS—To-day, (Saturday) Messrs Ferris & Co. will offer for sale at their rooms Obnrch-street, some valuable properties situate in some of the best positions in the town. The safe will begin at 11 o'clock. The same firm will also dispose of Mr.. PhUlpot's stock of grooeries and Oilman's stores on Wednesday next on the premises, corner of Boss and Church-streets. SFECOLATIOH.—In our issue of to-day appears the announcement of a newly formed Queensland. Building Sooiety, which has been registered according to the Building Societies Act of 1886, the rules having been first submitted to and certified as being in accordance with law by the certifying barrister, Mr. Edward Mansfield. Tha managing body of the society comprises the names of five gentlemen of good standing in the city. *We understand that the proposed operations of the society have met with high legal approval. The society has contracted for the purchase from the Queensland Deposit Bank of the bu'k of their properties on satisfactory terms, and intends on completion of the purchase to distribute the properties by ballot amongst the members of the soeuty.. A Queensland..brute stripped ,his fourteenyesr-old-Btepson, tied his bands to a beam 8ft. fiom the groufcd, and then .flogged him for a quarter of an'hour, ir flirting wen ids all over tile body, back and front. Queensland justice was satisfied by fining the brn'.e twenty nfcillings. John Oavies «n bdvocate for the puri'v of political life! Ho* 'h lim.s htve ubungnd with Coonanbara John ! The- working axpensi a, hate, however, beeu materially redu.-ed ii; bill: directions: in lha railways by £46.2^8 m d tramways £3867. Thi new Land' Bill WI» introduced into the Legislative Assembly rn Wednesday. Mr. Albtn G*e, onn of the candidates for a seat in the Bookwood O nndl, had a very successful meeting on Wed it'diy night. He referred to various statements made in OOineotion with his administration of mat tern mimcipal at Granville, and clearly proved t <em unfounded. The Sioux Lacrosse C'a*! matches will this season be played in tbe Giaaville Park, not at Parramatta. Tbe club is in a satisfactory position. 