AOTA POPULI. ? 4? ? By the Flaneur. Good morning ! Have you used Bear's scented soap this morning ? That ia the salutation with which tbe head of each State Department must now welcome his subordinate officers on arrival at the scene oE their arduous daily duties. For years past our bleeding country has been going to the dingoes with a celerity totally uucalled for, and our leading statesmen (save tbe mark !) have been grievously exercised to dis cover the real cause. Some sebthe trouble down lo our fhcal policy, others declared that it was a jusfc punishment for our sins, and Primato Smith, and Qaong Tart, and Parson Madgwick, and a few other godly men who are supposed to hsve con siderable influence in heaven, should be implored to interest themselves on our behalf and stay our downward progress. The mole-eyed ancients of the Upper, or ' Kangaroo Housp,' wheezingly complained it was all on account o2 the Libour Party and the lower classes, who would nod reit contented in the bondage to which Providence had condemned them, while the workers, with equal persistency and far more truth, deolared that the Pat Man's greed was the main cau3e of all the country's woes. Sir Henry Pdrkes attributed the trouble to the deplorable ?act that he was kept out of office at si time when he wanted office very badly, while Balmainiac Clark set it down to the ''accursed drink' and the senseless scruples which pre vented dominoes from being tiught in our public schools. And so the weary v;rangle went ahead until Sir George Dibbs came on the real culprit in the midst of his Brussels carpet lair, the gorgeous Civil servant with the gl&33 eye and no brains, and tan boots and cerulean ti?, who puj; his hair in curl-papers every night and ' used 151b of scented soap every year oh hi.3 own adornment/' That's the real culprit — the audacious villain whose inordinate love o? soap has reduced thia once fair and prosperous land to the lowest Inferno of insolvency. In 1892 there were no less than 36,340 Civil servants fattening on the country at a cost, in salaries aloae, of ,£5,010,553. Supposing that each of these plunderers consumed only lOlba of scented soap a year, even that would give ua a total of 363,4001bs, aud it is small wonder, therefor?, to find hundreds of free-born Australians condemning themselves to exile to day, washed out, as they were, fnoin their native land by the scented soap lather and suds of the pampered voluptuaries of the Civil Service, Lion hunting is splendid sport so long as you happen to be hunting the lion, bub when the lion turns and chases the hunter, that's quite a different style o£ amusement alfcogoth'ji'. And by this time Mr. J. Bone Neild must have discovered to his sorrow that badgering the Jesuits is not the safe and satisfactory sport that it was in the good old days when Treason Felony Acts and such like fanatioal fooleries could be perpetrated with impunity. Mr, Neild'a case i3 made all the rougher for him by the fact that he was no sooner floored by Messrs?. Heydon, Hennessy, and other Papal pluggerp, than stalwart champions of his own creed rose and jumped on bis chest with as much willing alacrity and force aa a member of the 'Liver push' would diince on the poll of a prostrate policeman. Respectable liberal- minded Protestants now openly psoteat against the humiliating assertion that every true Protestant should be a true Orangeman, and to cap Brother Neild's trouble, fche Rev. Mr. Macauley very injudiciously stood thia dictum on its head and declared that every true Orangeman should be a true Proteptant. Standing before the sacred kennel of the Yello;? Pup Mr. Maoauley said he feared many persona present never attended any religious ceremony from one year's end to the other except those held when the ' Glorious Twelfth ' arrived. Since then another ' Protestant ' has rushed into print, and not only trumped Mv. Macauley'a remarks, but maintained that the conduct of some Orangemen implied that they ' wished, not the fall of Eomauism alone, but fche obliteration o£ religion altogether.' Thio was not all the b&ckoliding; either, for Mi . ' Protestant ' declares that a certain Worshipful Master ' frequently speaks in m03t contemptuous terms of the Bible, and whenever a collector pur poses to beai:d an Orangeman in hie den and requeat a small church subscription, or the like, thai; collector takea a fond farewell of his wife and family first and starts off on bio dangerous mis sion with pretty umoh the same desperate state of mind r.s that of au African warrior who, oiugle handed, Pacoa tho dread gorilla in his jungle. And well may the yellow pup whine to-day, for even this is not all his trouble either. Toll it not in Goth, whisper it not in Londonderry, but ' Pro* fr-ataut' actually eaya, 'I have been on the Orange platform on July 12 when the fumes of whiskey have been sickoning I' §hade of Good King Billy ! Pious memories of -r poor Mr. Abi gail !' After that let ua have the Deluge-aud a scented soap Deluge too, for nothing else can now purify the malodorous, rotten Orange cause. Terrible things have happened in London of late, and by adopting Mr. J. Bone Neild's very convenient style of reasoning it would be easy to saddle Salisbury and his aatrapa with the bhme thereof. The Prince of Walea's precious life has been endangered by/ a cab collision (at any rate his royal shin w&3 barked and his hat fell off), fund Mr. Gladstone's carriage collided with a van in Parliament-equare. Now, catching on to Mr. Neild'a usual handy style of argument, it is safe to say that both tbose collisions were deliberately plauned and executed by the same persons, because they happened in the same city and almost on the same day. Furthermore, they must have been instigated by the Salisbury faction, because Gladstone's Home Eule Bill is well through the House of Commono now, and it is a well-knoivn fact that the Princa o£ Wales favours the scheme. Then again, it seems very clear that Salisbury employed Orange hirelings to do the dastard deeds, because ifc wag a van that struck the Grandoleoian's shandrydsn, and staiistico show that 377 fruit vans parade London streets every day. Many of those van3 carry oranges ,? ergo (according to the Jawbone school of argument) they ate the property of Orangemen and Salisbury and all concerned should be at once indicted for high treason. Some may say that fchia style of drawing inferences is ridiculous, but I would remind those persona that during the veign of fche ' Kiama Ghost ' an un fortunate lunatic was connected with Fenianisia and hanged for one mad act on n chain of reason ing quite as absurd as that which I have just put; f -rwiird. Our friead3 the Freemasons have also been ' going the whole hog ol late/' and they lefc the marks of their teeth on the roaated represent a= tives of that aaioi&i; to a considerable esfcent ao well. Whatever doubts may ba entertained of the average Freemason's soundness on religions matierp, there can be no question whatever about the ejeten*} and reliability of his appetite— or of his drinkitite either. The top-sawyer Freemason when he sifca down for a genuine feed-to-a-finish at a Grand Lodge shivoo is a gorgeons and im posing creature to behold. Solomon in all his glory nan never arrayed like an M.W.P.G.M. when ha ' 'em ail on3' and the Hon. John Lu-ms never handled a knife and fork with more deter mined energy or successful results even ia his best day. The chief business transaetsd at a Grand Lodge meeting consists of gorging to an extent which, as the esthetic M'Slhona would say, borders on ' binjie-bursfcing.' How any Mason can manage to stick on to the Lodge goat and ride him safely through the Holy Arch of Kybosh after an installation, feed ia a matter of the profoundest mystery to me. - And I venture to think that the subject is one which is viewed with a certaia amount of awesome wondar even by the Most Worshipful Patriarchal Goat him self. A Maoon is U3ually a modest man too, Any title that is represented by 14 or 15 letters of the alphabet is quite good enough for him ; al ways providing that; it leads off with the wor i 'Grand.' Everything connected with a Mason is ' Grand,' from his Grand High Temple down to his Grand arrears of Lodge payments. Aa he climbs up the order he grows to be Worshipful, then Mo^t Worshipful, then Most Worshipful Worbhy Grand, and so on until at last the wonder is hov? one small world can hold such a tremendou? amount of gorgoous pomp and greatness, About 4 a.m., howdver, one small coroei-ia fche Mason's own hall ab the foot of the stairs is quite enough for his requirements, and all his Most Worshipful Worthy GsandneGQ melts into thin whiskified aic as an anything but worshipful wifely voice calls out, ' Di'utik again aa usual !' Oa Lodge nights an M.W.P.G.M. is a mighty Colossus whose le^d bestride this and the other word, but— oh, what a difference in the morning I There waa one item in the recent Dufiinstalla fcion Masonic festivities which called aloud for special mention. Lord Kintore made a Bpeech and successfully proved that a Scotchman may s under favourable cirenmstanesa, oooc,sioaally deviate into humour. By way of humble apology for his presence at the most worthy grand and gorbellied shivoo, Kintore dropped! talking rubbish about the ' light that streamed from fche Beat, &c;,' and let off a neat little fairy tale as follows. ' A gentle, man came across the road to ma on Governor Duff's estate one day and said : ' I am real pleased to see you.' Seaing tast I did nob recognize himsthe gentleman asked, ' Don't you know me ?' ' No,' said f, s when did we loot meet ?' And theft scratching hlo head my now acquaintance said, ' Well, I suppose it must; ba considered rather a long time ago, but at any rate I well remamber meeting your father aud mother ou che day they came from ohuroh after gettiag married/ ' Query for all mombei's oi! Masonic Lodges — ' Where was the present Lord Kinfcove on that occasion ?' Any person who ooads the correct solution to fchi0 ridiculously simply qaestion, together with one guinea, will receive a copy o£ tha JTaBEHMi i'oe a year. That is a great improvement ou the ' Missing word ' racket, and a correct reply may be of B)me interest to the Most Worshipful Brother Kintore aa well. One night I was converting with sorue chance anquaintanceB on the threatened Btrike of stone* maaona, when a good old Garman, who had been sitting silently smoking in a corner, chipped in and said, ' I vos knot? all aboud dem mason vellers und dey voa no goot, you dakes main vordb for dot. I go by dem masonic vrauds ineinself von times, und it vo3 all very fine for eome vhilss, und we haP blenty fun mifc der Lodge paeznejs too. Py und py, howefer, vellers goorn oop to me und dey gii; me der grip, uud vhispet dot dey vhas broddec Masons, uad yoost run short of change, und vould I lendt dem half a sov. vor half a day or so. Vhell, I doea, und I don't see dem brodder Masons no more until dey dink I forgets me all about dot miney, den dey coora oop uad gif me der grips again und dey make dot half a sov. into von pound. ' Vhell, I don't grumble yooat den, peeaose va vhaa all brodder Masons, but I haf a!l emu money in Mister Abigail's Bank, pecause he vhaa a brodder Mason too, und der bank go bung und I gets me nodingo for all mem life-ling labours. Von day I blacks up sjine courage uad I go to der Bast Master of our Lodge, a mars vhat baE mora mon?y dan a team ??' oE pullocks could poll, und I gif him dar grip und told him I vhas a brodder Mason and I like him to loan me dwenfcy pounds till I gat & shfcart in peezness. Vhell, djt vellev, he yoost shwing roundfc und he loog at me like a rcudb bull und shay, ' Vhat you dake me for P Hey ? You dink a man's a bloomin' fool because he's vot you call Vj broddei1- Mason ? Go to ter teufel oudb of dis, o? py grashua I vipa my poots on your preechea bretty quveek/ Dot fill me oop aboudt der brodder Masoa peezaes3. Everypody vhaa a brodder Mason when he vanta to borry money, bat when you vonts to borry he makes a football of your pody und he kno3ks you into der middle of a gocked hat. Don't yora go by dem Masons— dey vhaa no bloomin' goot I ' 