? Natures Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing t, Romance, CHAPTER VIII.—Co:,TtNt BY AT HA WESTBOR^ '^a. mall can slide into ruin if lie is bont uponitiust as easily as a lad can pass down a smooth plank after the maimer of a monkey. My friends introduced me to,a money lender, who, for a consideration, took iny note «>f hand, and supplied 1116 with what c;ish I wanted. Luck was against uie always. It mattered not with whom I played ; the loans I received nvelted away like wax. One day I received a stern, peremptory letter from my father, commanding rne to return home. I paid no heed, but went my own wild, sinful way to ruin. How did the end come ? It seems to me now only "a® the remembrance of some horrid nightmare when I try to disentangle confffed phantasmagoria. I know I had been drinking heavily—drink in any shape had hitherto been as so much pfitfen-to me, but I took it greedily now to^till conscience. [ Ec'oin (the feverish desire to retrieve IV Ibises I had passed on to a careless, callous indifference. While money was supplied to me I took it, and did not trouble how or when it should be paid b3ck. It was only when the source stopped—dried up, that the awakening came. I remember it was a dark night in February that I found myself moping all alone in a small retreat, a sort of shrubbery, adjoining the villa at Hawksitofetv -I had lost a large sum of money ; I do not know how much, and had given a bill at. sight on my father, the General. My mind was a chaos, a conflicting hell, wherein one huge, black shadow stretched ita blighting wings between me and the stars. The shape was self destruction above the walled gloom around, that one thouglit took shape like a streak of light in a raven thundercloud. Sitting here nursing and strengthening the terrible dfevil within me, I became aware tliat I was no', alone. Two persons, whom I easily recognised in the darkness as Jocelyti Vanbnrough and Iviah Barjew, entered iirm in arm, and paused within a few feet of me. " And so you are really going to-morrow, Jocelyn. 7 ' she said, in low trembling accents. Must it really be to-morrow ?'' " Really to-morrow, dear Kiuh," he ri-rilibd,,releasing his arm aud folding her to nis bosom. I have been away seven months., four weeks longer than iny term of leave."' I suppose it must be so," she s'aia'; "but I will follow you to Melbourne, Joe- lyn, I'm determined." •«\ViiatJ leave your -devoted swain, Mp®shford, to mourn your absence," ho cried with mock soleinnitj'. I saw Riali Barjew- draw herself from his embrace, and straighten her figure to its fi^H height. - *''_lJo more of this nonsense," she cried, Bfitmpi'iVg her little foot in sudden passion. " What, liave 1 to do with such a foolish feather-brain as this-buy. Do y.'m think il4>.yssible that 1, : he daughter of Ritazki Barjew, swindler, mkehell, the polished rock of societj\ could entertain one serioy^Jbought 011 such a green-headed fool, save.for ihe purposes for which we use sueti as hp. Bah ! the hawk aud the dove cannot mate." " Forgive me, liiah ; I did but jest," he;ciried, again enfolding her. "Why not come with me ts Melbourne ?" y" All, why not ?"' she answered, in a v^ce that shook with strong emotion. " You have all that a woman such as 1 can give you—love. In it you have a rafifeman, which makes me vour willing $ayc, Jocelyn, for ever. T.iUe me where yoif will ; but beware you deceive me not. I am of that disposition winch does nut submit to wrong tatneiy'. -He led her out with soothing words, ;trm raund her w;ii3t. ^ nave no idea how lung I sat in that, retreat. Motion, feeling, life itself joined suspended within me. The cup at. bitterness was full and overflowing, tfi had not been held spellbound with amazement I would have struck this jveiuau dead at the feet of her paramour. I had no power to back the strong will. Like the somnambulist who retires to his Soft couch and wakes up to find himself on some dangerous peak or chasm, I found myself at that moment when the scales iell from iny eyes. JjntHio single moment of time a man may experience that which crowds itself Into a lifetime. As I write now, after those years, the old horror comes back to hlo, and I have to lav down my pen until it has passed. Christ, pity and strengthen all those who^aye weak and «re tempted. ^ETnat One shadow which I hugged in my dark hour still pointed the way to me, and 1 followed it. It pointed to a revolver liung over the tireplace in my bed- .room at Glencourt. It was still night •when I reached home. 1 hnd not been 'there for months, nor had I answered the many letters sent to me, I reached room stealthily, took down tJie weapon : loaded it carefully, and hid it in my bosom. As 1 crept cautiouslv alon<: r tlie corridor, on my way out of the* house" jft-^oor opened suddenly, and the General «U>od before me. -•"So," said he, sternly, "it is you! Temple Ashford. rogue, gambler, thief, tarawling into my house like a burglar iii the dead of night 1 You whom 1 have Iftvsed, and who I imagined would preserve t^e. honor of an old and untarnished name, Slave blackened and dragged it through the mire. Begone, wretch ! You are rm longer a son of mine ! Hence ! before 1 kill;. you. Strip yourself of that which yoji'are not worthy to bear—my name— 'and never let me look upon you again— Without a word I obeyed, still following the shadow that led me, I walked onward full of one thought. Dawn came, and the day grew on, and when evenin" ie-ll it found me in a solitary ravine on •the eastern shore of the lake. I had no idea of time, or light, or darkness, for this jseii same shape of destruction had me "thoroughly in its grasp. It seemed to tfKfOck at life with its sharp agonies, and glinted the way out of it. A spasm, and it was done. I pointed the weapon at «iy heart, when lo ! acothershadow came >«tween me and the tempter, and stayed *"3sy damnable purpose. The shadow and ifcrm and substauci! of a woman, with a . pate, melancholy face, which looked down •tipon mc with a world of sympathy in her i0ViRg Cf Me Gr r.sping the revolver she wrenched it from my hand, and threw it into the deep waters at our feet. Then she spoke. " Foolish boy. Would you kill your suul well as your body," she said. " Wiio are you ?" " A woman whose vtars fit her for your mother, and whose suiWings outbalance yours a hundred fold. Oil, wicked, unhappy youih," she cried. " I have seen you with the villains in yonder den, and 1 watched you, for I saw that it would come to this in the end." The shadow was still with me, and I answered sullenly,— " Enough madam ; leave me to myself. A wretch such as I is not fit to live." '* Hush," pleadi-'l the soft voice.; '"pain and sorrow are sometimes the ministers by which we are purged of folly aud sin. 1, like you. have seen the black gulf, out • if which came a devil to lure mo to perdition. I had a treasure on which my whole heart was fixed. Mine was a proud heart ; and t.he treasure was taken from mo, so that 1 might see the beauty of humility." " Who are you 1" I am Elsie Black. God help me. Night alter night, while full of another purpose, I have watched you going headlong yonder whither villains led you ; aud while I watched, to me came the thought that if I could only lead you back out of t.he darkness into the sunlight again, Heaven would bless my effoit, and restore my treasure to me." I cannot say how the fiend went out of me at this poor creature's pleading. In her accents my dead mother seemed to speak to me from the world of spirits, and my heart was melted, the dread shape exorcised. Mrs Black took me to her house. Here the strain upon my nerves gave way, and I lay in a dangerous fever, through which I was carefully nursed by my noble hostess and her servant. With health aud strength came the resolve to atone for my past wickedness. JSo more Temple Ashford, but Temple Vane. Vane, the maiden name of my poor dead, mother, should be mine until 1 •had redeemed myself—until I had paid .back the money I had lost at Hawksnest. And now a gleam of light falls softly on me as I pen these words. Mrs Black, my. benefactress, is here beneath the same roof "with me, but she does not recognise^ . me;in the altered conditions my life- I skw her kind eyes., grow diifi to-niglft, and turn thoughtfully uiyway as they sang.— - .. ",Trusfc the lad a little longer, Do not fear ; He will better grow and stronger. Father dear." Havfe I grown better and stronger thc^jigh iliose long, long years of .lonely exile ? Am I strong enough to say, " I will arise aud go to my Father! With my Heavenly.Father's blessing I ivill." CHAPTER IX. AN OLD FACE WITH A NEW MASK. It is night—a night that does not present itself many times during the summer season in Maoriland. The moonlight glimmers on rock and chasm, on tree aud shrub, and on the wide, dusty Great South road leading to Otago. With the privilege of the novelist we must leave those" of oar characters at Pmefalls under the tender care aud hospitality of Major Weldon and his family while we draw aside the curtain, and reveal some others who have prominent parts in this serio-comedy of actual life. Across the uplands and the rugged ••-.lopes, shimmering under the moon's rays, I'jiili shadows lie, mingled with a pale, flitting light, w hich shifts from ridge to ridge, and then is gone like a ghost, leaving the landscape ribbed with bars of nlooin. Out on the western ridge, bearing seaward, aud fully twenty miles distant, i lie lights of Tauranga are clearly discernible. Right and left, as far as the sight can pierce, the shadows of thick forests st reteh, like black garments, awaiting the magic touch of the sun to change them into the green and golden glory of New Zealand foliage. In among their embowered darkness, lonely even in the night, flicker and shine the many lights of a large mansion, and from whose open windows there comes at fitful times the faint echo of music, wliioh reaches the lonely, dusty road. It comes like a lost voice calling into the night for some soliiary, wandering spirit, for whom it had wearied ind waited long. As if in obedience to the mournful call, limping slowly within its echo comes a wayfarer, so gaunt and ghastly that it needed but one touch of moonlight to change him into a ghost. His tattered coat, aud the pale face above it, bathed in the wan glimmer, had a weird, unearthly look. Again a soft refrain rushed across the kauri trees and into the highway, where the vagrant wayfarer stood and shivered, lie started as though a living voice had called him by name. I am coming—coming," he said, hurriedly. Then muttering a low, fierce oath on his folly, sat down to rest himself. He had hardly slid down upon a heap of debris at his feet when a sharp voice called out,— " Halloa, man ! do you want to be run over ? Get out of the way ; my horse evidently does not like you."" The tramp rose slowly, but kept in the shadow of the tall ferns, which hereabouts grew taller than the- fence. From his vantage ground he scanned the well-ap pointed vehicle of the newcomer, his hitrh stepping horse, and lastly his handsome face, on which the moonlight fell with a cold glitter. " Lnok here my man," lie cried, " there's a gate about here somewhere ; find it for me, and hold it opeu, and there's half-a-crown fur your truub'.e." " I kiiuw nothing about your gate? I'm a stranger here," cried the other, roughly. " A stranger, eh V Never mind, you have eyes, and know a gale when you s .o one," rrsuponded he in the trap, trying to soothe his horse, which was Isecoinin restive. " I know nothing about it," muttered the man on foot, shrinking further back into the nni! of gloom shrouding him. An oath sprang out from the ether. " Don't you see I can't get down he cried, through his set teeth. " If you are not a lurking thief, you will come forth and do what 1 ask. I would not trouble you if this brute was at all man ageable. My groom—confound him has missed me somehow." Nut til'- appeal, or the taunt accompany ing ir, but something in the voice of the speaker caused the wu.-iry and ragged sun downer to erritrg-: from his obscurity int< the fuil light of the moot!. He tool three a'rides to thy conveyance, an looked hard at the personage seated in " Well! will you find the gate for me ?" asked the other, without deigning to r.otice the rudenes3. " Yes. Where is it ; which aide of the road ?" " To the left, near yonder log.*' Tiie gate was opened, and, with hat slouched over his eyes, tlie wanderer stood holding it as the handsomo dogcart dashed through. Fifty yards away the vehicle was pulled up suddenly. " Thank you ! here's your money," he cried, and down came the ring of a heavy coin. What place is this ?" asked the tramp. Gh nc'iiii t, and this road is a short cut to it," replied the other. " Shut the ate, and put yourself on the other side of it, my man. There are any amount of tierce dogs at Glencourt, and they are by no iiin.ms partial to tramps." " Is tiiat Glencourt away yonder with ill the lights gleaming through tho windon s 1' (juiiried the t-itterdeinalion. "Thai's it. There's a ball there to-night .mil I'm laic, so must say ta-ta. If you're thinking of trying your luck, better do so to-morrow. You'll get nothing tonijrht." Whistling a snatch froai seme opera he drives on, the dust of his wheels flying back in the face of the man holding the lie. There is a queer look on that same face as he closes the gate with a sharp snap, is if it had been the terrible jaws of some 3ea monster closing on its prey. The man does 5iot even look for the money thrown to him, but limps slowly along the path the other lias gone. It is a broad carriage drive, lined on either side witli noble kauri pines, but it has many zig-zag windings. From tree to tree, keeping still in the gloom, he treads his way, until a turning of the long avenue brings him in view of the house. -It is a large structure, the grouud bo- ng opeu about it. He can see the great ates of the lodge, and the lodge itself ablaze with light, and the road leading to it crowded with carriages. The place is fully a mile distant, but all the surrouudiugs are plainly discernible. Bej'ond the mansion, on the opposite side of the hedge, there is a long shrubbery, like an arcade, and lit up with Chinese lanterns and other parti-colored lights. Fromthis there floats^tjtfBthe ears of the jt^yfarer, daughter, atjd'ihe hum of many voices,^ with' auon'a^ strain of soft ir&sic.; " " ; What a devil of a strange world this is,"3nut.ters the tramp, .talking andJooking^vistfuliy before him. " Here have I been tw.o whole days without a grain of food''having passed my lips, and yonder the people are surfeited With dainties. I\wonder what they would say if I presented myself, and begged a gojnl square 'mealiJah ! I'm not on for any such foolery. Ira strong yet, and can wait'. Patience is a virtue, and, ecod! it i)r the pniy virtue left to me, since no other alternative has been left to me but to practice it." He looks about, and finding a soft couch of young ferns beneath the lofty canopy of a wide spreading pine, seats himself thereon, with something like a groan of pain. " I'll stay here till morning," he continued in the same muttering tone, as if that kind of self colloquy was habitual to him. " There's the dog-star only a yard high. It can't be far off daylight. Ah! it's a good thing for a man who hasn't the time of day in his fob *y0 know something of the stars. How many long hours of the night, which if they could be tottedup would go into years, have I watched them from between the bars of mv cell at Peutridge They have seemed to me just like a man's life—rising—soaring— falling — then gone from sight altogether." His reflections seem to bring another train of thought. ' I had hoped that the terrible picture of my old life had gone for ever from my memory," he says, presently. "Tlie face of this man brings back the ucrly dream in all ita stern reality. Why Bhould I think of my sufferings in that drea<' ? !il, earthly hell — Pentridge ? Why I That man brought memories that formed the connecting link. Humph! J ocelyn Yanborough, if that -7as not your voice, it was that of your ghost. Let me think.'" And he lay back at fall length on the fragrant ferns, with his hands clasped firmly round hi3 head. In fitful gusts the early morning breeze brought the strains of the far-oll music to his ears, intermingled betimes with a faint peal of merry laughter. Whatever might be the subject of his thoughts it took him along time to think the matter out. The stars had begun to pale, giving place to the purple blush of dawn ere he moved ; when he rose, however, there was a settled, fixed purpose in his eyes, and in every line of his rugged face. ' I'll do it. Yes, by the living Lord, I will," he cried, as he bent his steps towards Glencourt." CHAPTER X. SERGEAKT GUNS'. Nestling amid some of the most bold and romantic hills to be found in the whole of New Zealand, Glencourt stood pre- eminent among the few places in the province of Westland as the seat of Major General Ashford. The drives around the estate are charm ming and matchless in their beauty. From the broad terrace on the south side of the building the landscape had gradual fall, revealing glimpses of exquisite patches of rock, river, and forest, and beyond these the waters of the South Pacific Ocean. The house and grounds have cost their owner large sums of money, but General Ashford is wealthy. For the most part the old officer is of a retiring disposition. His onlv daughter, Hilda, does the honors of Glencourt occasionally, and does it with a skill befitting one of the old Northumberland Ashford breed. The morning is gloriously fine, and especially so around Glencourt, the tatterdemalion thinks, as he wends his way to wards the lodge. In the broad glare of day he looks the most wretched hang-i. thief that ever left the precincts of a prison gate. The burly, well-fed lodgekeeper, standing at his gate, notes the ragged tramp's approach. " Now then, my man, what is it ?" he cries. " If you've come for money this is the wrong shop ; but if j'ou wants a feed, well, I've no objections, prowidin' as you eats your wittles here, and does a job o work for it afterwards." " I neither want money nor food at your hands," answered ihe man, gruffly, at the same time surveying the portly flunkey with contempt. "Oh, you dou't want money, eh? Pray, what do you want, then ?" cried the other. " What you don't seem to possess— common civility," answered Bharnlv. the tramp, " Ah, indeed. Here's my Lord Duke, of Rag Lane, going to leature on etiquette," cried the lodgekeeper, in sarcastic tones. Then changing to sudden passion he said, hoarsely, " Curse you for a battered, moulty, gutter-chick; what's your business 1" " I wish to see Mr J.Vanborough ?" " Of course you do—or the man in the moon—or any other improbable personage. Now, who's Mr J. Vanborough ?" A gentleman who came to the ball last night in a drab dog cart—came late, and by the short cut along the ravine yonder." The lodgekeeper opened his sleepy eyes wide, and looked at the bundle of rags before him more attentively. " Mr Jocelyn drives a dog cart, and is at the hall; but I know of no J. Vanborough who visits here,*' said he. " I may have been mistaken In the name of the gentleman," replied the man. Ale Jocelyn arrived by this road about eleven o'clock ?" Just about that hour." " If, as you say, he is at Ihe hall, be good enough to convey a message to him from mo." " What message ?" " Tell him the man who opened the gate for him la3t night wishes to speak to him on important business." The keeper of the lodg«, placing his fat thumb to his rubioand nose with a knowing look, said,— " No you don't, old man. That game won't wash with Peter Slowcome. I have no doubt but what you are one of a gang of bushrangerB come to rob the place." The tramp laughed. " Every thief thinks that his fellow is a bigger rogue'than himself," he said. " If you won't carry my message, I shall easily find other meanB of communica- tion. Gocd day to you." " Stop a m\nute. What is your name, friend ?" enquired the lodgekeeper, seeing that the tramp was moving away the road he had coine. The other reflected a moment. , " If you are inclined to take my message, uo name will be required." " Yes, but Mr Jocelyn may have forgotten all about your service last night, " True ! If he has, I am content to depart without an audience." " Very well; stay where you are. I'll send and see if Mr Jocelyn will receive you." He went within the lodge, and presently a youth in buttons came forth and crossed the lawn. Within five minutes he returned with a request that the tramp be admitted. " Good luck, my friend ; you're bnfc a poor, Beedv devil at best," says the keeper, opening his lodge gate. Take care Mr Jocelyn doesn't pack you off to gaol for your pains." Withoiit deigning a word in reply, but with a look of withering disdain at the speaker, the man of tatters passed through with his limping gait, and following his conductor, entered the grand mansion. . There are so many grand rooms and corridors and passu ges to be parsed through ere they reach the wing in which the captain is located that a change of conductors is necessary. An old grey' headed personage, tall and erect as a bar of iron, and attired in the undreBS uniform of a dragoon, comes forward to re lieve the page. "Who is this man?" he asks. " A visitor for Mr Jocelyn, sergeant," answers tlie boy. Good ! Right-about- face, my lad. March!" cried the sergeant, as if the page had been a sguad on parade drill, and the boy, with a smile, instantly obeyed. The Bergeant watches him pace the long corridor with even, military step ; then turning to the new-comer, surveys him from head to foot with unmitigated surprise. " You've been in the wars, comrade," he says, holding his head on one side and pursing up his mouth. "Wars?" echoed the tramp, looking hard in turn at the man before him " Why, yes ; I reckon I've seen service, Sergeant Gunn." At the sound of his name the old fellow drew himself up as stiff as a ramrod. " What, you know me ?" lie cried. " I do, certainly," answers the tramp, " Tom Gunn, otherwise the slasher, as his comrades termed him, served twelve years in the 7th Dragoon Guards ere he was selected orderly to Colonel—now General Ashford." " Swords aud pistols ! Who are you ?" cried the veteran when his surprise enabled him to speak. " Only a poor reprobate who fought for his country in the Crimea and in India in the ranks of the old 7th—that's all." " Hold up your head, and let me have a good look at you," said the old dragoon. " 1 knew every man in the corps, from Sergeant Major Halsom to Bates, the trumpeter. " Can you remember my face." " No,"-said the old fellow, after a close scrutiny of the other's features. *' I have no recollection of you. Perhaps you joined the regiment after 1 left it." "Not so." roplied the tramp, with a peculiar smile. " I was saddle to saddle with poor Major Denby when he was cut in two by a round shot at Balaclava aud I remember when the melee was over binding up a certain corporal's hand who had t.he misfortune to lose part of it, with his two fingers attached. Stretch forth your hand, Bergeant, and let me look at it." The veteran laughed. " Here it is," quoth he, "or at least what the Russians left of it. You're no fraud, man, if you know these things. Allen Grange, of D. Troop, was the man who ripped the sleeve lining out of his coat to bind up my maimed hand." " I am that unfortunate fellow." "You!" " I, Sergeant Gunn." " Why, Grange was but a boy at that time, and you—you look fifty or more." " I have had cnongh hardship to make me look twice fifty," returned the tramp. "Do you recollect the 27th of August, 1857." " That was the day of the attack on Delhi." " Correct. On the evening of that day Sergeant Gunn, with a search party, found one of his regiment amongst a heap of dead Sepoys. The man was bleeding to death from a bullet wound, which had shattered his knee." " Ah, 1 see you're the man," interrupted the sergeant in a more kindly tone. " You were lamed for life." " For life," echoed the other. " I was discharged with a small pension aud this limp," and he hobbled three paces along tiie well-carpeted corridor and back again. "You still havo the pension to fall back uooii, GrauseJ"- r be Continued. MHJ ? 