Sir Richard Owen's 4hliost Story. Sir IRichard Owen uise to relate a remarkable ghost story, says a corres podlent of the D;il/l News. In his early days, when he held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in gaol, and a post-mortem as well as an inquest was necessary. After the inquest, the young surgeon saw the boly put in the collia and the lid screwed down, to be realdy for the funeral next day. Owen had at thl time been already attracted to to the stuy of comparative lnatoly, anld negroes heads were not plentiful ; so e tmade iup his mini tait this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening lie returned to prison with hi.s black bag containing a brick. From his official position lie had no difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuary, where the cottfil lid was unscrewedl andt screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol hadn a considerable descent ; and the time being winter, vith snow and frosta Owein had scarcely pase:d out when he slipped and fell all his length-the hag went from his hand, and the head tumllbled out and rolled lown the paced way. lIe jumped up, caught the bag, anl.. following the head, clutched it just as i: linished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vani>hed out of the shop with all the speed lie was coapab:le of. Next morning, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, lie was culled in by the woman at the shop where the accident had occurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. HIII had had, she said. a fright the night before, that cause-l him to look wild and dlazed-like. The moun, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in mIlany adventures amolng thie West India Islands, where many deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro in which lie had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these detaili, the old captain told of the horrible event of the night before. Ile was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been thinking of the negro, when suden nly ihe saw his very head roll into the shlop in front of the counter, and it was followed by the Devil, all in black, with a black bag in his hand. The Devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the earth like a flash of lightning. The description was perhaps not quite complimentary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory no far that it showed that his idoentity had not been recognised. 