THE IlEV. <r. E. HOWE AT GERALDTON. SERVICES IN WESLEY CHURCH. TIIK Rev. G. E. Rowe, who is on a pastoral visit to the Geraldton and Dongarra Circuits, preached at Wesley Church, Geraldten, on Sunday last, morning and evening. Both congregations were exceptionally large, that of the evening literally filling the Church , from the communion raits to the door, the gallery being also pack,.,I. hx the morning Mr. Howe preached an eloquent and fasoinatingly interesting senium, which was also full of thought, from the text " What, think ye of Christy" The discourse was an appeal to the people to read and to think, and not to take things for granted. Christianity luid nothing to fear from opposition, however learned, or from critical analysis, however searching. I le dwelt on the sublime character of Christ, the marvellous results of His life and teaching on tin.; world, and on the inspiration these had given to THOU to exce' ill all walks of life. At the evening servic* the rev. gentleman took for his te*t thestateinent concerning Barnabas in the Acts of the Aimsties, lie was a good man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost." Mr. Howe's sermon on this occasion was a. practical discourse on goodness, or God lilie-ness. anil on the ideal character which might, and should also he, the real character of the Christian Church. His advocacy of Christian Socialism evidently a favorite topic, of .Mr. Howe's -was powerful, and. to those who had ears to hear nndjhearts »„ underhand, must have proved convincing, even if it failed in convicting, MY. R,, W(. exhibited throughout a wide catholicity of spirit, condemned phariisa.ic.exchisiveness wherever it. was found in the churches, sparing not, the Methodists, who were often as had as other folk in this respect , and beseeching - all to make goodness \-- and goodness as distinguished from righteousness — the test of life and the bond of brotherhood. All - . Rowe possesses in a large degree the orator's faculty of moving his audience to smiles and tears in rapid alternation, and those who had H, p I>loasure of listening to him on Sunday n , T' ht 11,1 uncommon pulpit treat, orjl) poLKS AT HOME, L ' ,,st ilt Wall Mr. K,nvt; 'Miverecl his popular lecture entitled, "01.1 Folks ai 1 r,,n u '" audi,-nc, which, judging from the applause and repeated out- bursts of laughter, was more than satisfied witli the interesting entertainment, provided, Mr. Rowe is a Cornishman and in this lectare gives a graphic, description of the striki„g physical features of his county and makes the most of its rugged beauty and pi,- turesqne grandeur. Tie takes evident pride in (lie characteristics of his eountymen, in their peculiar and unique patriotism and their free and open-hearted generosity. Tie glories in their traditions, their folklore and their hist.ory, and takes pleasure in claiming kinship with a long list of Cornish worthies including statesmen, scientists, authors, poets, and preachers, past and present. The latter half of his lecture is devoted to three or four character sketches of Cornish men and women which are most interesting and as amusing as they are instructive. During an interval in the lecture Mr. Shore very kindly sang "Old folks at Home," and at the close Mr. Wood field very generously lent his assistance by singing " Home, Sweet ironic." The chair, we should not forget to mention was occupied by Mr. Jose. Mr. Rowe gives a second lecture on Wednesday night on "'.More Old Folks at Tlomo." 