PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23RD. The Speaker took the chair at half-past few p.m. QUESTIONS. Mr. HARPER asked the Commissioner of Railways 1. Who was to blame for the large number of defective fish-plates used in the construction of the South- Western Railway, and for the inferior character of some of the engines and other rolling stock imported from England since the appointment of the Agent General P 2. Had the said defective goods been purchased at low, medium, or high rates ? 3. By whom had the said goods been inspected and passed ? 4. Was such inspection paid for by commission or salary 5 Was the same inspector still employed by the Government? The COMMISSIONER w RAILWAYS replied. 1. As regards the fish plates they were manufactured by the Ebbw Vale Company, and this company have admitted their liability for the defective plates, by refunding the seat of those supplied in lieu thereof. The purchase took place previous to an appointment of the Agent- General. Copies of the correspondence on the subject were new laid on the table. 2. The fish plates were purchased at the market rate current at the time. 3. They were passed by the officer (Mr. W. H. Stanger) acting under Sir Charles Shelton Gregory, Consulting Engineer. 4\. The inspector was paid by a commission of 2s. 6d. per ton 5. The same inspector is still employed by the Consulting Engineer in England. As regards the locomotive A correspondence is now taking place with reference thereto, and the matter is being inquired into in England. Three Kitaona' locomotives received in December, 1891, were somewhat defective in workman- ship and materials, but no other defective rolling stock has been received. The COLONIAL TREASURER, in reply to Mr. TRAYLEN, said the Government had not given permission to the contractor for the Midland Railway to work from the southern end only, instead of at both ends as provided for in the original contract, nor had any permission been applied for. THE HOMESTEADS BILL. The Homesteads Bill was further considered in committee. Clause 22 was agreed to. On clause 23 " Leave to pay cost of survey by instalments," Mr. A. FORREST moved an amendment to the effect that one half of the survey fee should be paid by the lessee. 0)ho COLONIAL TREASURER said that the cost of survey was at present a great tax upon the country. Mr. MONGER supported the amendment, but thought it ought to go further. He would like to see the Government pay the whole of the survey. Mr. LEFROY said it would he well to remember the country at present was only receiving about one farthing an acre for the land. it was proposed it should receive a penny and twopence an acre. (The COLONIAL TREASURER: We part with the freehold, though; now it is only under lease.) Yes; in 30 years, but that was almost a life time. He urged that the conditions of settlement should be made as liberal as possible; and supported the amendment. Mr. RICHARDSON supported the ' amendment as being a fair compromise. With regard to what had been said about the land at a farthing an acre, it might have been added that very little of it was taken up. He denied that there was any advantage to the State in the land being under lease, and contended that it was advantageous when it was taken up and settled and improved. Mr, HASSELL supported the amendment. Mr. CLARKSON also thought the amendment was a reasonable one. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS pointed out that there were many claims upon the Government, and it would require a good sum to provide the surveys. Mr. LOTON argued that the first year's rent would pay the cost of the survey. The second year's rent would entirely recoup the Government. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the Bill had got into a different shape to What he had intended. It was proposed in the Bill to lease much larger areas than was intended. He contended that the amount paid by the holder of a lease would be a small one for survey, being in the case of a 10,000 were man not more than £10 a year, or 1850 altogether. The class of man who would take up the land would not feel the small charge per annum in any way. Mr. MOLLOY said that while the object of the measure was stated the other day to be the increase of settlement, its object now appeared to be to serve the capitalistic class and enable them to obtain large areas of land at the expense of the poorer class of the community. He was opposed to this exclusivism. Mr. FORREST said it was impossible for the poorer classes of the community to take up these leases, owing to the expense of cultivation and improvement. Mr. THROSSELL supported the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. a ' An additional amendment moved by the COLONIAL TREASURER, providing for the extension of the period for making the improvements where the survey had not been made, was agreed to. "Left Clause 25 " Improvements required or to be made on homestead leases" : Mr. RICHARDSON moved to amend the clause by requiring the improvements to be effected during the ten years ensuing after the first five years, and also to fix the amount annually to be expended on each improves ments at an amount equal to 8d. per acre per annum in second class lands, 5d. per acre per- annum in third class lands. The hon. member agreed that it was more to the interests of the lessee that he should be required to get his improvements completed in thaearlierpartof his lease. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS supported the amendment. The amendment was agreed to Mr. HARPER suggested the desirability of including the eradication of poison in the improvements. The COLONIAL TREASURER thought it would be included in the term improving the agricultural or pastoral capabilities of the land. Clause 26 " Pastoral lessee in occupation to have prior right to homestead leases" Mr. RICHARDSON moved to add a proviso, entitling the lessee to select double the area allowed under the previous provisions of the Bill, and to a rebate of one-third of the prescribed annual rent. He urged that in consideration of a pastoral lessee having spent years and much capital in shocking and he had ding up a homestead, they might not wish to legislate over his head, but give him the opportunity of operating under this measure to the extent named, but that he should be required to comply with all its terms, and conditions, except as regarded the average selection and the amount of rental. The COLONIAL TREASURER opposed the amendment and do not think it would have the effect desired. is did not believe there were many people in this country who would be prepared to fence in and improve such a vast area, especially in the period fixed by clause 24. Even if they could find people who were prepared to do so, he did not think it was to the interest of the country that they should encourage the formation of large estates of this kind. He pointed out that under the present Land Regulations, the leases had ample opportunity to obtain as much land as was necessary. He did not see why the rebate in the rental should be allowed, and on the whole really did not believe it would be availed of by many. He disapproved of the formation of these large estates, and thought if many of the people in the country had half their present area, the land would he better improved, and the country better settled. Mr. LEFROY said, when he first read this clause, he thought it a cruel one, and saw no reason to alter his opinion. He urged it would seriously affect a large number of excellent setting - leaseholder - in the Champion Bay district and the neighbourhood, and would wipe them altogether out of existence, after they had spent the best part of their lives and all their capital in forming: homes that were a credit to the colony. It was said that the agrionltnrnbs were the backbone of the country, and he believed that and if the farmers were the backbone of the colony, the pastoralists might be called the lifeblood of the country, and it was these men who had done so much to advance the colony, who would be treated most harshly by this cause unless they were protected 6.30 The Chairman left the chair. On resuming at half-past seven o'clock, Mr. CLARKSON thought the lessees were deserving of more consideration than it was proposed to give them in the clause. ' Mr. A. FORREST said the clause had his entire sympathy, but he could not vote for it. It went too far. Mr. THROSSELL regretted to have to oppose the amendment, though it was well intentioned. It seemed to savour of the policy West Australia for the West Australians. Mr. TRAYLEN said he would support the amendment if it was modified. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the major portion of the lessees of the southern portion of the colony had, by Act of Parliament, been dispossessed of their lands and received no more compensation than being paid their improvements. Why should they now begin to treat another class of people in a different way. It seemed to him that the lessees were liberally treated under the BILL Mr. RICHARDSON said that he was not wedded to the amendment, but in bringing it forward he had been actuated by a feeling of justice. Several of the opponents to the amendment were influenced by fear of the opinion of others. The fear of forming large estates struck him as being a very peculiar objection. The company was nothing but a ghost, and a ghost that many hon. members were afraid of. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that if the Bill had been left as introduced by the Government it would have interfered very little with the pastoral tenant. And now the hon. member, after the amendment had been carried increasing the areas, earns a forward and said that they should not interfere with the pastoral lessee. Mr. LEFROY thought that the argument of the Premier was a very lame one. He thought that they should legislate in the spirit of West Australia for the Western Australians, and not for those who were to come here. When they did come they would be West Australians. He was not there to legislate for any eUes. Xe had no particular class in his eye. The- amendment was altered by leaving all the words relating to rebate struck out. The amendment was negatived on the voices "The clause was amended by providing that three months should be allowed for making an application instead of two months. The clause as amended was agreed to. On clause 27, of When on what conditions a crown grant may be obtained, Mr. LEFROY moved an amendment to provide that the cash value of the rental due on the lands after the first five years should be reckoned at compound interest at 5 per cent. g 30 Mr. LOTON supported the amend meat. The COLONIAL TREASURER opposed the amendment, as he did not think it was a principle adopted in any of the colonial legislatures. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said that they were paying a paltry interest upon an assumed capital-a paltry interest. Mr. HARPER: For paltry sum. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said that they could be doing a good thing for the large holder by carrying the amendment, but not for the country. It seemed to him that after a time, instead of receiving money from him they would have to make a refund to him. Mr. MONGER was surprised that the Government should offer any opposition to the amendment. Mr. TRAYLEN remarked that there could not possibly be any refund. He thought that the interest should be; at 4 per cent. Mr. FORREST said that he would move that progress be reported, in order that members might have time to think over the question, which was very important. The COLONIAL TREASURER said this proposal was very good of rem the hon. member's point of view, but upset the regulations on which they had been working for a few I years. He regarded it as only another plan to get the land too cheaply, and asked, why if the man wished to acquire the land soon, the State should not get the benefit of it. They were not legislating for the persons who wished to get the fee simple of the land at once, or in the course of a y ear or two, but they wished to have them settle on the land. The price of the land had been made low enough, but hon. members wished to get it for nothing. (No, no.) The committee divided on the motion to report progress, with the following result: Ayes .... .... 18 Kees 8 Majority 10 Division List. Ayes : Hon. Sir J. F Arrest, HOB. S. Burt, Hon. W. E. Marmion, Hon. H. W. Venn Mr. Clarkson, Mr. A. Forrest, Mr. Harper, MP. Hassell, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Pearse, Mr. Phillips, Mr Quinlan. Mr. Richardson, Mr. Simpson. Mr. Solomon, Mr. R F. Sholl, Sir J. Lee Steere, Mr. Throssell. Noes i Mr. Darlot, Mr. Lefroy, Mr. Loton, ] Mr. Molloy, Mr. Monger, Mr. Piesse, Mr. H. Sholl, Mr. Traylen. MUNICIPAL INSTITUTIONS BILL. a The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in moving the second reading, said during last session of Parliament, the hon. member for West Perth moved a resolution, which was agreed to, that the Government be asked to prepare a measure of to is sort consolidating the municipal laws, of the colony generally, and bringing the question generally up to date. It was well-known that prior to last session the municipality of Perth had been preparing, for some time, a Bill of their own, which would be applicable merely to the city. That Bill had not been introduced because the Government had felt it their duty to deal with the question in a general Way and to apply the provisions of this Bill to the municipalities throughout the colony. None of the provisions of this Bill were in any way outside such as might be needed by any other municipality throughout the colony than that of Perth, although for many of the provisions there would be little or no necessity in some of the smaller municipalities for some time to come. In the Bill were preserved the municipalities as they existed at present, and provision had been made for the creation of new municipalities as they should become necessary hereafter, and they would be created as heretofore by the Governor in Council. The Bill was divided into ten parts. In the second part they found the provisions relating to the constitution of municipalities. There was nothing very particular in these clauses, but there was one new feature they had included, namely, the appointment of committees and sub-committees by the Council, which was usual in municipalities of larger size. He believed these committees are working in Perth now. Part 3 dealt with the qualification of electors, and they also found how the electoral list was made up. They had endeavoured throughout the Bia to adhere to the existing arrangements so far as they related to matters of administration ; therefore with regard to the making up of the lists, the provisions in the Bill were, simply a re-enactment of the present laws, with certain improvements. Part 4 dealt with the qualification of the mayor, councillors and auditors. These provisions were in the present Act. The next part related to the elections of consols, and in this a change was proposed. Heretofore elections had been conducted in rather a haphazard war, and no provision had been made against acts of bribery and corruption For some time past it had been desirable to put these proceedings on a better footing, and to provide that universal and undisguised liberty should not be so rampant as in the past, and this was aimed at in Part 3. A change had also been made in the voting. Before, the system had been feet of open voting, it being apparent how the votes recorded his vote The Government had introduced the system of evening by ballot (hear, hear-and that obtained at once tions to Parliament, and one that ought to have obtained before now for elections to municipal councils. At first, it seemed as though it would be a little trouble- some to arrange for the ballot of the mayor, councillors and auditors on the same day, and at the same time, but he thought the system would be found perfectly clear and put into simple form. The way was this For the election of a mayor therefore voters who exercised from one to four votes, according to the value of their property. In voting for the mayor it would be necessary that ballot papers should be given to the voter for as many votes as he held a voting paper for the councillor, and voting papers for the auditors. He would thus be voting, really, in a sort of three-fold election. They had retained the system of proxy voting by per- seas residing a distance of twenty miles from the municipality, but the form or vot- ing had been simplified. Voters would, however, be required to sign their vot- ing papers. In part 6 they had the power and duties of the councils. These they had endeavoured to enlarge. First of all there was the power to make by- laws, and very ample powers were given, and he thought there were very few things that were not provided for in the clause (99), twenty-eight different matters being provided for. Among these provision had been made for hawkers' licenses, licenses for chimney sweeps, and licenses for scaven- gers, all of which had been put on their proper footing in the Bill. In this part also would be found provision for the width of public streets, set out by the council, and private streets set out by the owners of land. A good many provisions had been taken from the draft Municipal Bill he had referred to as being prepared by the City Council, and he hoped the members for the P rih constituencies would see that the Government were indebted, so he was glad to acknowledge, for many of these questions relating to the duties of the connects. Part 7 related to finance, and provided bow the rates were to be assessed, commencing with section 141. The manner in which the annual revenue of the council was included, but the exe options by the rateable property, were provided for in section 144, which contained similar pro- visions to an Act passed by the Legislature last session, and they, therefore, had the opinion, and a late opinion, of Parliament upon the subject. Clause 145 provided that on the third Saturday of December of each year the Council should make a valuation of the annual value, and when necessary of the capital value, and the mode of valuation was fixed by clause 147 It would not be always necessary to make a valuation on the annual value, and it should only be made when it was necessary. If they could find the annual value they did not require to find the capital value, as the rates would be assessed on the annual value and not on the capital value. in finding the annual value they had to be guided by the rules laid down in section 147\. They had accepted many of the provisions contained in the draft Bill prepared by the City Council. The capital value was to be estimated at the fair average value of land, exclusive of all improvement, in fee simple, in the same neigh- bourhood, subject to the provisions of sub- section 3, which sets the minimum at 5 per cent, upon the capital value. That was to say that if a piece of land with improvement was worth £3,000, cr unimproved worth 4400, the rate would be fixed at 5 per cent, on the £1,000, or in other words £650. But in order that advantage might not be taken by putting a small shanty on valuable land, and than seeking to pay rates on the basis of the rent of that shanty, the section, provided that the rates shall be assessed at a valuation of not less than 5 per, cent of the value of the land. Then Sub-Section 4 provided that no land should be considered to be un- occupied if the same be coterminous and let or occupied with any lands that were occupied and rated. That would settle a dispute which had long been undecided. There would no doubt be a considerable difference of opinion on the Bill, but it was an attempt to put matters on a reasonable footing. He thought the Bill should come round the support of the majority of the House. The Government would not oppose an alteration to the Bill, if some better plan could be proposed by hon. members. It might be said that 5 per cent, was too high a rate. But that was a matter which could be fixed in committee. The same portion of the Bill contained a provision for appeals against rate?. Those appeals could be made to the local court of each district. This would put the ratepayers on a better footing than at present. The process of appealing under the present law being rather involved. It was provided that when a rate was struck notice should be served on the ratepayers, and it was also provided that the rates should be paid into the office. There would not be a rate collector. There was a provision also to distrain on a number of persons by one warrant. He believed it had been difficult for a council to ascertain to whom a property belonged and it was provided in the Bill that notice of every subdivision or transfer of property, should be given to the council. The eighth part of the Bill related to loans. These were pretty well the same as they were at present. The next part referred to the auditing and there was a provision for the appointment of special auditors. The remaining; portions of the Bill dealt with a few miscellaneous provisions, chiefly relating to legal proceedings to recover rates. The Bill had involved a great deal of labour in its compilation, and be hoped it would have the support of hon. members. (Hear, hear). On the motion of Mr. A. FORREST, the debate was adjourned until Monday. CHINESE IMMIGRATION AMENDMENT BILL, The debate was resumed on this measure. The motion for the second reading was agreed to, and the Bill read a second time. The consideration of the Bill in committee was ordered for the following day. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned, at 16.40 p.m. till 4 39 p.m. the following day. 