CHAPTER XXVI. WHILE ICLLE WAS GOoE. "'What are you going to do about Sibyl Prince:" Belle asked Jasper. '" ou cant keep her shut up in those tower rooms for ever." Jasper flushed uneasily. " Why not. She is safer there than any where else." "By no mean-. If I were in her place. yon would not be able to keep me there long, axd Sibyl and Miss Garr are each as smart as I am. You bad -better send Miss Garr adrift and put Sibyl in some good, kind insane asylum. You have often threatened it." "Gooud? Kind ?' repeated Jasper, mock- I ingly. " It is the first time I ever heard an insane asylum called that. And the very first thing Miss Garr would go to your father and tell him where Rick Halsey is." " Be good enough to say Captain Dunning. and don't forget it, either!" flashed Belle. her beautiful face chalk-white with anger, suddenly. "I will, I will. Don't get mad, Belle," Ja por hastened to say, conciliatingly. " If I take care of Miss Garr, wall you do as I say about Sibyl2" "Perhaps. What is your plan ? I should have to be convinced that it would be as safe for me to have her in an asylum as here." "You could make it safe by paying enough. It mioht bea g od idea to put iass Garr there, too. You would have to get old Varle to help you. It is something exactly in his line." Jasper paled a little. "I think I have had enough of old Varle to last me my lifetime. I don't like the idea. It seems cruel." Belle's teeth clinched. Her breath came quick. "Oh, of course l" she said, bitterly. " How tender-hearted we have got all at once ! Fair Sibyl must not go anywhere out side of this house. That would be cruel. To keep her shut up here in an old, dark, mouldy, ghost.haunted room, where you can go and bully her whenever you like, is not cruel-oh, no I" t "I have never been inside the room where she is, since she was shut up there," Jasper said, angrily. "Good reason why," said Belle, with an expressive lifting of her pretty, gracefu. shoulders. "However, you can't keep her shut up where she is much longer without an investigation. You know best whether you want her case examined by the autho rities. Jasper started violently. " What do you mean 2" "Well, that is what it would come to. HEasn't Mrs Trufit said anything to you I" "About anything of that sort 2 Certainly not." " But about something else? I can see it in your face. She has been talking to you 3 about me I" Belle cried triumphantly. "Oh. you need not try to get out of it I know it. She has been hinting around to me that it did not look well for a man to shut has wife up if she was crazy, just so he could i get a chance to make love to his dead mother's pretty maid. Ha, ha !" "Well, she did nut speak. to me about you," Jasper said. "I don't see how sending Sibyl off would make it any easier for you tostay." t Belle's hot temper flashed white in her 'ce again b b "ar r- entrolled it. only re madring, with sweet ssrcas-- i " Of course, it is much ?asi: tis get rd of I a real wife than a prettnnd~d so... 3ut. let oir Sibyl g. for the present. Ei: Rick rial ,ey has to be w" po?ed of the first thing.' Julper mi e' a wto;eent ci imp.tience. ! _ 'auýed hii Nlib-1 ;l proroke liw. i: ir :ee ?? ~ e X.r thhe wrst Cr. "in ,r er to stop th-re wagging tongues, that Lucy Venner should leave. one shall go 1" Jasper looked at her excitedly. He was so taken by surprise, he did not know whether he wanted her to go or not. Belle's clever, sharp brain was very usefual to him just now, but her rule was ratheran iron one. '" You don't mean it 2" he said. "I do. Lucy Venner shall go, and Dorcas Ruel shall come in her place." " Who is Dorcas RuelH" "A maiden sister of your stepfather's, manufactured for this occasion." Belle laughed,at his stare of bewilder ment.. " There is no such person," Jasper said. "There will be by this time to-morrow," Belle retorted gaily. "You just have a car riage take me to meet the seven o'clock train for town to-night. Good-bye, Lucy Venner I As soon as I get there, I will telegraph you in Dorcas Ruel's name to meet me at the 1 first morning's express. That will be about ha'f-past ten o'clock, I guess. You will fin I Miss Dorcas Ruel waiting for you, and I'll bet you that little missing budget of green. backs you won't know me yourself I" He smiled scornfully. "You are very good at that kind of thing, but you couldn't fool me. I know those big green eyes of yours too well. You would have to get rid of them before you could play yourself off as anybody else to anyone who knew those eyes. I don't like the plan, Belle. I am sure it won't work. Let .me tell yon mine. You go np to town and wait. I will join you in a few days. We will take all the money we can raise, and skip. How will that do 1" For a moment the beautiful, foolish, loving woman was thrilled to her proud, passionate heart by the words. But she knew him so well. He had deceived her so often. " What do you call a few days 1'! she asked, with an angry sneer. " Time enough to fix up matters with fair Sybil, and take her somewhere that I could not find you ? It won't do, my clever friend. I leave to night; Dorcas Ruel comes in the morning, and you will see how quikly she will dis po'e of Mistress SybiL" Jasper winced, but finally agreed to Be'le's arrangements with fairly good grace. He had to. There was no other way. The wite whom he haS doubted and abused in the past had the upper hand now. He drew a long breath of relief when Belle was out of the house. "I suppose I can call my soul my own while she is gone, and no longer," he mut tered. "So I had better improve the time. I'll go and see Sybil." There were two sets of keys to the tower rooms. Belle kept one and took them away with her to prevent Jasper Prince visiting Sybil while she was gone. Jasper had told her that Doctor Varle had the others, but it was not true. They reposed quietly in his own pocket. What he promised to himself from an interview with Sybil, he did not know. He had no real plans concerning her e' cept in a vague way. He meant to get rid of Belle sometime and marry Sybil. Just howit was to be done was not very clear in hi. own mind. He had some vague notion of getting a divorce from Helle. Doctor Vale would help to fix it up, he fancied, if well enough paid for it, and he lid not know how he could have ever felt safe in his stolen identity or secure of the money till Sybil hal really become his wife. How to get rid of beautiful, unmanageab'e Belle, that was the question. To do the handsome villain justice, he did not now wish her dead. Unawares to himself, a curious change ha i oegun in his wicked heart when he saw his mother and sis brother lying there dead. " No, no 1" he said, shadderiugly, whenever the thought of ridding himselt of Belle in that way came over him. Still she was an obstacle, and he wanted that obstacle removed in some way. 'What a j ike it would be," he muttered, • to put her in somegood id inisaue asylun instead of Sybil, as she proposes I But I couldn't do it. I know I couldn't. I must be getting soft-hearted, as Bel:e says." He wanted to see SybiL He exulted in the fact that there was no one now to inter fere with hi- doing so. His mother, he thought with a shudder was gone. Belle was gone. Sibyl was in a locked room, and he had the key. Why should he not go and see her 1 Why, indeed, except that in his cowar Ily soul he was afraid to meet the beautiful, accusing, threatening gaze of the woman w'ose hus band he believed, and she believe I, he had slain. How her dark, sweet eyes had flashed at him like swords that night when she called him "murderer." He shrank with a sort of horror from meeting her, and yet he was resolved to go. She drew him with an irresistible fascina tion. She possessed him, as it were, with a longing to be in her presence, which he could not control. lie went slowly down the corridor that led to the tower, and his step grew slower as he drew near, till he stopped entirely, and after some moments' hesitation went hurry ing back to his own room, where he had a flask of brandy. He poured out half a glass of the raw spirits and swallowed it at a gulp. "I guess I can do it now," he muttered, grimly, wiping the moisture from his fore head. He put the flask in his pocket, and went out into the passage again. He helped himself to another liberal draught from the flask before he opened the door and passed into the presence of the two ladies, almo.t without warning. Sybil was lying down, with all her dark, silky hair unbound and flowing over the pillow. Miss Garr sat beside her. Jasper paused just inside the door, his heart beating hot and heavy at sight of that sweet white face framed in masses of soft, waving black hair. Both ladies started up in violent excite ment at sight of him. The horror and abhorrence on Sybil's beautiful pale face was terrible to see. The change which grief and imprisonment had wrought in that lovely countenance in so short a time amazed him. " Murderer?" uttered Sybil, in low, in tense tones. " Have you come to kill me. too ?" "Good evening. Mr Halsey " said Miss Garr. "Have you heard from Captain Dunning lately ?" His face flashed white and then red. He glanced at Miss Garr. He went a step to ward her. " You shut up, old woman," he said, savagely, "or I won't promise to keep my. hands off you I" " You had better not dare to put them on me, if you don't want your nose tweaked I" the plucky old maid retorted, her small, bright eyes like sparks. "I can handle you, and not half try." "What do you want here, Mr Halsey 2" Sybil asked. " Who are you talking to" he retorted. " My name is not Halsec " He was almost foaming with rage, the handsome face black and scowling. He looked mire like a demon than he did like "It may not be your real name," Sibyl said, calmly; "it is your prison name, your convit name.I am satisfied of that. It is the name Captain Dunning knows you by. You ought to be called Cain, for, like the first murderer,:I believe it was your brother you and Doctor Varle killed." Jasper did not utter a word for a moment. Then his lips curled with a bitter sneer. "No better?" he said. "Still full of those wild fancies, my beautiful wife ?" A quick shudder ran through Sibyl; she was white as death. "Brute!" cried Miss Garr. " Shut up, gimlet eyeq !" Jasper retorted. He took out his handkerchief to wipe the profuse perspiration from his face, and dropped it on the floor. As he stooped to pick it up, the flask of brandy slipped from his breastpocket, and lay upon the thick carpet, without his noticing it. 