Story Column. Now First Potlishbd, Outlaw & Lawmaker. I AN ANGLO-AUSTKiLIAN ROMANCE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Tho Head Station," "Tho Bond of Wodlook,". . "Tho Brothor of the Shadow," "Passion and Polioy," "Nadine," "An 'Australian Heroine." And Joint Author with Mr. Justin M'Oorthy 01' 44 The ludios' Gallory," "Tho Bight Honourable," &c.; all queensland lights reserved.) CHAPTER XXX. — ( Continued .) It was a very successful day, so every one deolared over the quart pot tea. Mrs. Jem had providod cream and sugar for those who had not Mr. Micawber's sense of the fitting in regard to a colonial life. Some of tho blackboys, with Sam Shehan, had been Bent forward towards the Harolin Falls early in tho day to prospect for the adventuroue as to tho Btate of the track. Thoy brought back accounts so duunting, of the quicksands in the oreek, made more dangerous by tbe late rains, of the density of the opinnifex, through which it was almost impossible to force a way, of tho close growth of the prickly hunyas in the scrub, and of the farfamed and almost fabulous ' piora' snake, said to pursue its victim, unlike its lethargio brethren, and to haunt these fastnesses of the Luya, which so frightened Miss Garfit and others of weak soul and body that the camping out party finally dwindled considerably below its first planned proportions, and those whotnrned hack to tlio comforts of Tunimba were more than they who faced Barolin- wards. It was Sam' Shehan who told the tale \- of the Bpinnifex and the piora. The blacks had flatly j refused for fear of 'Debil- debil ' to go into tho bunya scrub. This to them was tho forbidden region, for bidden of Puyme, tho Misty One, and Yooltanah, the Great Spirit. Only Jack Nutty and Pompo were of the emanci pated from supersitition's bondage, and were regarded as pariahs in consequence / by their more dusky brethren. Rose Garlic went hack with her mother. So did Lord Waveryng, who complained of a twinge of sciatica. His spouse was intrepidity itself. ' Take care of them all, Frank,' plaintively adjured Mrs. Jem. Jom accompanied his wife. 'You have boen drawing the long how, Shehan,' said Frank to the stockman. 4 It's my belief,' he added to Trant, ' that Shehan has a cattle- stealing plant up this way, and is afraid of my finding it out. He has been dead aguinst this expedition, and throwing all the difficulties he could in the way.' If, however, Shehan was dead against the expedition, certainly Trant was wild that it should be carried through. He had wakened out of his grim and apathetic mood at a suggestion on Lord "Waveryng's part that the Falls should be abandoned. Ina had timidly seconded the suggestion. She did not want EUie to go and get lost in the bush, and perhaps bitten by a snake. Ina, herself, was ono of those who turned back. She was not a ooward, but ehe was delicate, and Lord Horace did not seem to want hor company. It was quite evident that he thought Mrs. Allanby enough to take care of. Mrs. Allanby had in her way a Bort of quiet recklessness. She had never looked handsomer ; the slumbering fires of her eyes had darted into life, and her pale cheeks were reddened with excitement or sunburn. Trant ewore that he would be responsible for Elsie's safety. He knew the country better than Frank — scrubbers from Darolin Gorge often got lost in Barolin eorub, he explained. Lady Horace need not be alarmed. Ina kisBed her sister in a melancholy way as they parted ai. the liohen covered boulders. Both afterwards remembered lua's fears. Lord Horace grumbled — Jem Hallett laughed at her. 'I'm superstitious,' said the little woman — ' yes, I know. Bat I can't help it, arid I shall not be happy until you all get eafe book to Tunimba.' The party divided. Those turning their faces to the wilderness mounted and rode into the defile with the black ness of the scrub before them and Mount Luya barring the horizon, while the others went down along the gully, and both parties were soon swallowed up in the gloom of the gorge. Elsie Beemed fated to hear tho asides of Trant and his . henchman. Perhaps this was because Trant kept so assiduously at her bridle rein. Lord Waveryng had solemnly com mitted his wife into Frank Hallett's keeping. Lady Waveryng did not liko Trant— she had counted, she said, on Mr. Blake being of the party, and joined her entreaties to those of her husband. Thus Elsie found herself for the nonce de serted by her legitimate protector, and it was sho herself, partly out of perversity, who claimed Trant as a cavalier. The half-oastes jogged ahead. Frank Hallett and Lady Waveryng followed, and then Minnie Pryde and a young bushman who showed symptoms of adoration. Mr. Craig .was a well-to-do squatter, albeit . rough in his ways, and Elsie thought that Minnie meant business this time, and she wondered how ehe should like Minnie for aneighbour on the Lower Luya, where was being built tho splendid new house which ehe and Frank were to inhabit After their honeymoom and the English trip. Lord Horace and Mrs. Allanby were behind everyone else. Sam Shehan was riding sulkily in front of Elsie and Trant. f ..Sam,' oalled out Trant, ' you'd better " ' . ' push ahead and see about tho camp.' ' Sam took no notice. Trant looked an noyed. 'Sam is not. in the, best of tem- pore,' be said. ' This kind of ladies' pionio is not muoh in his way. I'll go and give him' a bit of my mind.'" ' Trant spurred his horse, and the two <:were.presently in a somewhat animated v conference. It.Strupk Elsie that it was ' Shehan who was giving his master a bit A of .his mind. Elsie' lagged. She looked v ' round for ; Lord Horace. And tHon she \r< H'v. y : l r' -. - . Baw what gave her an odd start and opened her- eyes to the etato of' affairs.. Lord Horace was bending olose to Mrs. Allanby. The faces of tho two were turned to eaoh other. Lord Horaoe looked very handsome ; he was evidently plead ing, and Mrs. Allanby wan listening to him with a dreamy passionate eagerness. EUie had never seen that expression upon her still reserved face. The girl knew intui tively that the woman loved her. brother- in-law. And then she saw Lord Horaoe bend closer still, and as the two horses touched, Lord Horaoe laid a kiss upon Mrs. Allanby's responsive lips. Elsie's heart swelled with anger and shame. A fierce blush came to her face — that Ina should he so insulted! — Ina who was angelio in her goodness to Horace. Did Ina know or gueBs; and wbb thiB the oauseof Inn's pale, Bad face? Or was it possible that Ina knew and did not care, because she had ceased to love her hus band—had perhaps never loved him. Like a lightning flash this truth seemed borne in upon Elsie. She, too, urged on her horse, and the spirited creature in a few bounds had taken her almost beside Trant and his stookman. And then Elsie heard Sam Shehan say in angry tones, '"What is the sense of bringing these swell English toffs up hore — and that d d Frank Hallett? I tell you I don't like it. The thing iB too dangerous.' ' If you reflect a moment, my good SRm, you will see that it is the most diplomatic course ono could possibly pursue. I was in great hopes that Mac- pherson would have joined our party. Now, that would have been truly dramatic. He would never have oome this way again.' ' Oh, blow all that nonsense !' said Shehan. He looked round as ho spoke, and becamo aware that Elsie was within earshot. He shut his mouth with the stockman's - expressive click of his tongue and teeth, which implies reserve and - caution. Elsie was quite aware of this, hut . she only took in dazedly the significance of Shohan's sudden silence. She was too preoccupied with her own dieoovery, and the manner in which it might affeot her sister's happi ness, to give much thought to the mysteries of Sam Shehan and Dominio Trant. " Trant noticed her discomposed look as he came back to .hor, while Shehan pushed on, as he had been bid, and joined the bulf -castes. ' Shehan has tho true native's objection to swell English people,' he said airily, though he furtively watched the effect of his words. ' I am sorry to "say that ho has been swearing vigorously at Lord and Lady "Waveryng, and even at Mr. Frank Hallett, who he fancies is responsible for having brought them hore. The fact is,' Trant added, ' Shehan wanted to have a chase after Moonlight— he has a theory that the bushrangers are in biding some where up hero, and ho doesn't want the game disturbed by this sort of thing. I told him that we were near having Cap tain Macpherson, and that we might have shown the troopers a bit of really wild country, but Sam didn't sec tho fun.' Elsie did not answer. ' What is the matter ?' he asked. ' You look as if you had seen a ghost.' 'I have seen a ghost,' she replied. 'Nevermind. Don't speak tome for a bit. I want to think.' And juBt then silence became compul sory, for the track was too narrow and broken "for thorn to ride any more to gether. Tho sun had set when they reached the border of the sorub, whore Sam Shehan and the half-castes had already lighted the camp fires. to be continued to-morrow. 