LIBERATED. (AFTER THE GERMAN OF E. WERNER I A little churohj stands on the sea-shore. The white walls glimmer through the dense j foliage of a laurel coppice; two tall dark 1 cypres6-trees stand like warders at the en trance, and the statue of St. Peter, carved in stone in a niche in the wall, is shaded by a bush of blooming roses. The sound of the bell blends with the rush and roar of the waves which beat upon the rooky shore, and the wind bears it far across the water to the ships which pass day by day. They display the flags of all nations, for the great seaport is only a few leagues distant, its sea of houses and the forest of masts in its harbor are plainly visible on the horizon. Not far-from the church consecrated to the Apostle Peter is a small village, whose beauty attracts many visitors, and on the rocks heights above towers an ancient castle, h solid pile of masonry, now transformed into a fortress, and used partly for a prison. It dominates tlitf whole regirtn, and affords a wide view of the sea. The little house of God was usually silent and deserted. For that, very reason it had become dear to me, and I often went there. One afternoon I entered the sacred edifice again. Spite of the early hour, it was already dusky within, for heavy black clouds obscured the sky and seemed to absorb the light. The high altar was so shadowed that the altar-painting could not bo distinguished: but I had often seen it in broad daylight. It represented tho Apostle Peter as he was led from his dungeon by the angel. The shackles have fallen from his arms and lie broken on the ground, while the angel, clasping one hand, points with his right artu extended toward the open door of the prison. It was a faded old picture with no special artistic merit, yet there was something at once pathetic and stirring in the attitude of the apostlo as he raised his unfettered arms and turned his head toward the light stream ing through the open door uC iUa duujoon. I had believed myself to be alone in tho church, and notf saw for tho first time a woman's figure kneeling or rather lying on the altar .steps, for .her brow almost touched the marble. She did not stir, but I heard her low passionate whispers, sometimes in terrupted by a convulsive sob. At last she rose and stretched her clasped hand toward the picture of the saint with such anguished entreaty in the mute gesture and the ex pression of her features, that it seemed as if life and death depended upon the answer to her earnest prayer. As the young girl raised her head I recog nised her. ;It was the daughter of one of the subordinate officials at the fortress. She often came to the little town, where she had relatives. Anita had the reputation of being a beauty, and with justice ; her figure was slender and graceful, and she had an unusually pretty face, raven black hair, and large dark eyes. Bat her bearing and manner showed 110 trace of the fervid warmth and vivacity of the Southern temperament ; she was usually grave, reserved, and dreamy. Therefore I was the moro surprised by this passionate ex citement. Probaby I unconsciously made some move ment, for the girl turned and then suddenly sprang up, looking as confused and startled as if she had been caught in some crime, yet surely there was nothing wrong in being surprised at prayer. I had no choice except to approach her. 'Stay, Anita,' I said, beseechingly. 'I entered by accident, and am sorry that I have disfurbed you. I will go at once.' 'No, no,' she answered, hurriedly, evi dently striving to control herself, ' t have finished-I must go too!' She turned onQe more toward the picture of the saint, with the same gaze of mute, agonised entreaty, then joined me, and we left the church together. The landscape did not present its usual bright sunny aspect. Tho sen heaved rest lessly, dense grey clouds swept across the sky, the horizon grew darker and darker, and the masts and steeples of the city wite shrouded in mist. Th'e air \v:\S still calm, but all nature seemed tt> ieel the presage of coming storia, aiid the gulls fluttered uneasily to add fro. A small boat like those used by the fisher men was fastened by a chain to a tree near the church. The oars lay inside and the Sail was closely furled* but we sn\v ho boatmen. They usually went to thie .little town, where there was a port. ' flow did the boat happen to be here f £ asked. ' Surely no one will go otife Mi the sea to fish to-night, wo shall Plainly have a storm.' Anita did not answer hi^ "remark, but she stooped and wp'urid the chain-, which was loosely fasttihed, twice around the trunk of the Wee. <The boat might get adrift, if the sea rises,' she said, as if in explanation when nhe roturned to my side. ' "iies, indeed, and that would be a serious loss to the Doners,' I assented. ' One of those Biiiall boat3 is often the sole property aYid the solo dependence of these poor fisher fold.' ' Yes-the sole dependence !' Anita re peated softly, but with a look that attracted my attention, for it rovealed s'ecret anxiety. We silently followed the path leading to the littls tttWn, but after a while I could not help asking ' Is any member of your family -ill, Anita?' She shook her head. ' No, my father is well, aiid my brothers and sisters too.' ' I am glad. I feared that your prayers were for some imperilled life.' The girl mado no reply, but I saw her shudder and her eyes involuntarily sought the citadel, which towered dark and menacing beneath the gathering storm-clouds. It was a strange glance, whose meaning I could not understand, and Anita appeared to feel my scrutiny, for she t'urhed suddenly toward me and said, as if in breathless haste ' I'm not going home to-day, I shall spend the bight with some relatives in the town. But they are expecting now-I must hurry farewell, signor.' AVitli these words she darted off, leaving me alone. I gazed after her somewhat bewildered, this haste and restlessness were very unlike her usual manner, but who could guess what might be assailing that young heart 1 I had seen at the altat that the girl was under the spell of some intense fear. Toward evening the storm really did burst forth, and become more violent every hour. The waves and the tempest roared as if all the fury of the elements was unchained. Sleep was impossible, and I remained awake until lolic after midnight in my chamber, Which had a view of the sea. There was no sign of the moonbeams which usually transfigured the whole landscape with their enchanting radiance, save in the uncer tain twilight by which it was impossible clearly to distinguish any object. But ever and anon when the clouds sweeping across the sky parted for a moment a faint ray stole through, illumining the landscape with a fit ful, spectral light. One of these moments now occurred. I distinctly saw the angry, surging sea beating against, tho shore, and the glimmering white walls of St. Peter's Church. Suddenly something moved from those walls. It was a dark object, which, leaving tl-e rocks, shot out upon the furious waves. Flung high aloft 011 the crest of one billow, it seemed to sink into the depths. At the same instant the clouds gathered in denser masses, obscuring the moonlight, and every thing vanished in the mist. Strange ! Surely I could not have seen a boat. Who would be so foolhardy, so mad, as to venture out upon the sea in this storm to certain destruction, and for what purpose? While I was still pondering over the matter a hollow sound echoed from the distance. It seemed to come from the town or the fortress, but was swept away by tho storm, and though I stained my eyes and ears, I saw and heard nothing more. When I awoke the next morning the storm was over, the sky was clear, and tho sun shone brightly into the windows. I was inclined to believe that tho nocturnal vision, which had appeared and vanished like a ghost, was a mere delusion, but I was soon to be convinced of its reality. When I left my room my hostess met me with the ques tion ' Did you hear the shot last night, signora ?' ' What shot ?' ' From tho citadel. One of the prisoners there escaped, and the usual signal for pur suit was given by the discharge of a cannon. The whole neighborhood is being searched for tho fugitive, for ho could not have escaped by sea amid tho storm.' I knew enough, but I also knew that there were no criminals in the fortress, only poli tical prisoners who were atoning by the loss of their liberty for their part in the recent insurrection against the existing Govern ment, (So that was the reason tho boat lay moored near the church yesterday ' But what; had been its fate? Perhaps it now drifted shattored on the waves, and the way to freedom had become the path to death ! Almost against my will I was drawn to St. Peter's Church, though I could not even hope to find an explanation of tho mystery there. It was still early in the morning, tho azure sky arched above me, the azure sea stretched below. Its surface still heaved restlessly, its waves still bore their white coronals of foam as they dashed upward against the cliffs ; but bright sunlight glittered on the broad expanse of water, and golden sunbeams also flooded the white walls of the little house of God and the dark cypresses. The surrounding trees swayed lightly in the morning breeze and the matin beils echoed clear and loud over the sea. Iwasabout to enter, but stopped suddenly, for scarcely ten paces away, under the very tree to which yesterday the boat had been moored, stood-Anita. She did not notice me, she saw 110 feature of the whole wide landscape, her eyos were fixed intently on a single spot, a steamer which had probably left the bu3y seaport with the Grsfc dawn of morning, and was now just passing the church. The English flag floated at tho mast-head, fluttering merrily in the breeze, and the ship swept proudly and steadily over the blue tide so near the coast that every detail could be distinguished. There was a movement on her dock ; a white handkerchief waved a greeting to the land, the church, but only for a few minutes. The steamer had passed, and was now steer ing straight out into the open sea. Farther and farther it sailed from the coast, and now Vanished in the morning mists which obscured the horizon. Anita still stood motionless, bending tor ward, with her hands pressed upon her bosom. Her whole soul seemed to be in her eyes, as if the retreading ship were drawingher far out upon the sea. Now she covered her face witli her hands, and, sinking on her knees, rested her head against the trunk of the tree and wept-wept as if her heart was breaking. I turned softly away and entered the church. Here, too, the sunshine was pour ing through tho windows. It fell full upon the picture of tho saint above the altar, and the golden rays lent the dull, faded hues a deceptive semblance of life. The two figures stood as if in a halo-Peter and the angel leading him out of his dungeon, while the broken chains lay at his feot. And just below the picture, on tho altar, was a bunch of blooming roses, which, sheltered by the church wall, had survive'] the storm. They must have been gathered very early in the morning, for they were still heavy and damp with dew. The prayer uttered so ardently and imploringly on this spot the day before had been heard. The picture and the roses spoke distinctly enough-broken chains and gratitude for a rescued life.-M. J. Safford, in N. Y. "Home Journal." 