' ' ' f . i : ' -; The Variety Entertainment at St Marys. FAIR CONCERT - GOOD HOUSE The variety entertainment in aid of the Mechanics Institute piano fund, was given in the Protestant Hall St. Marys, on Saturday night last. During the last two months the members of this little society had been practicing hard in order to present the pubic with a good programme. For the last couple of weeks two nights were occupied every week in rehearsal. No pains had been spared to make themselves perfect, and we venture to think - that although many of the item 'given could be improved upon,' the entertainment was highly creditable to the institution, whose members, when they needed anything did not come begging to the public with nothing to give- in return, but gave genuine entertammmit for the money. The programme presented was a rather complicated programme. The first part was in the form of a Vocal arid instrumental concert, the second part a minstrel entertainment and the last as innocent mirth provoking, farce. The stage was nicely decorated with wattle and flags, and the cur tain across the rear, gave the surroundings quite a homely appearance. Messrs. E. J Bunt and H. Wake, junr acted as accompanists during "the first part of tho programme, which opened with a piano overture by Mr. E. J. Bunt, and a song " Good bye, sweetheart, good-bye" by Mr. O. J Nicole -This gentleman possesses, a good voice, and though the contribution was well given, the applause accorded was not proportion to the merits of the song. Then Mr. Giff Bunt gave a very good comic " How Rafferty won the mile," which pleased a portion of the audience so well that the contributor sang ."I've just been made..a father." (or something to that, effect) as an encore, after which Mr. Will Sainsbury earned a good share of applause for his fair rendition of the' pathetic song, " Old Fashioned Couple," Mr. Joe. Sainsbury was in fair voice for-his 'song " Man Overboard," and a character song and dance "Little Ah Sid," by Mr. Joe Sainsbury, came next. This gentleman appeared- in an imitation suit, of that worn by. Ah Sid and his countrymen,.and only, lacked the pigtail which probably ^was concealed beneath the hat. However, the contribution was fair, and was 'followed by Rev. A.O. Corlette givjing a humorous reading on " That hired -girl." The hired girl caused the audience a good deal of amusement, and the item proved quite a welcome one of the pro gramme; Then followed a violin solo by Mr.H.Wake handled his instrument very skilful - manner, and though some, of the audience at the rear did not appreciate the good music, the remainder was well satisfied with this really clever contribution. Mr. Jack Scam&ary; then occupied 10 minutes in a stump, speech, sometimes humorous and sometimes other wise, and the curtain's were drawn for intermission. When the, programme was again resumed . The Blackswallow Minstrel were seated around the platform with Mr. .Robert Guthrie interlocutor bones', Messrs 'J. Scambary and J. Sainsbury and tambos, Messrs. W. Sainsbury. and Giff Bunt. ' The accom papists In' the former portion of the programme were greatly assisted by. Mr. H.'Wake (violin), and the choruses, with this accompaniment, sung by the company; were generally very good. A chorus referring to the object for which the enter tainment was held was well sung by the company, and followed by "It always comes round to me" by Mr. E. McCook. Mr. Giff Bunt sang .. Alabama fairly well 'and the old folks at home," by Mr. George McOook, received a fair share of applause. " Wot Cher," a lively comic, was well given by Mr.. Will Sainsbury. Mr. O. j. Nicole then sang the best song in the second part " Dancing in the barn," while the chorus, in which the company, joined was first class. A comic, song, "Listen to my tale of woe" was begun a little out of tune by Mr. Joe Sainsbury, but a correction was soon made, and the fairly well and was followed by a comic" Oh, George, don't' he so forward by Mr. J. Scambary, his second part being brought to a close by the toupe giving Branegan's Band. The merrymen during the whole of this part were very good, and the jokes many containing local referent, exchanged with the interloeuior were in many instants provocative of much merri-. men.' While the stage was being prepared for the force the Mayor (Alderman Turner) briefly thanked the' audience for their attendance, hoping that many more of the young in the town would be induced to join the tittle institution. The farce, entitled ..The Bells going on," proved a very laughable one, the principal characters (Messrs. John Seambary and Jos. Sains bury) fulfilling their duties in a laughable manner, while the other characters, viz. Dead Head. Mr. Giff Bunt ; Dairymaid Mr. Bob Guthrie; Richard III, Mr. George McCook; Another Dead Head, Mr. Joe Sainsbury; A Soldier, Mr. Jim Sainabury; Ghost, Mr. O. J. Nicole ; Torn Sayers, Mr. Will Sainsbury} Sayers Wife and Child, Mr. Hobt. Guthrie; A Blacksmith, Mr. Ern MoCook were all well taken, After a quarter of an hour's fun. '-God Save the Queen" by the company brought to a conclusion an entertainment in which all who took part deserve credit for their self reliant efforts. iir limrilk recommend Wolfe's. Schnapps bottlo and dont be jmpos^ on ^ woUtrle(J m a Tonic. . J ' ? 