"IS THE SEANCE ROOM." A GHOST STORY, BY J. GALBRAITH, (A NBW WRITBB.) f Concluded,) He glanced hastily through them as he went downstairs.- ' ' . , Falconer,and I b$ve been there all the afternoon,"' he explain6d as they' drove off. ".I had just time to get Sofife thing' to eat at the club before T dressed. We have taken the most elaborate ^precautions:' If some thing cannot bo proved to-night- " He paused. . ' . ' " Well?" she said, anxiously. " We shall be the - laughing stock of London," he concluded-, emphatically. " What do you %ally thinlc'c^ it " Humbug, of course ; but the difficulty is to pr&velt;';f'r '.* ®" " Mrs.Thirl wall declares that the fifth appearance last night was undoubtedly her husband^"' I saw her to-day; sE6^was quite overcome!;"T ' ^ ; " Mrs.'' Thirlwall is an hysterical fool.'* "But your theory admitted the possi bility of .. materialising^ 'the "intense mental--" Burke leaned back in the carriage, laughing softly; ' ' '' " My dear child, I had to say something." " Valentine;" she cried, sorrowfully, " is there no truth in what you say or write ? Do you believe in nothing ? " " Certainly/ ' I believe 1 in matter and myself; . also that the" many fools exist for fctie benefit of " a ' mipority with brains. When I see any reason to alter my belief,-1 shall not hesitat'e~tb dcTso." If,"for instance, I am couvinced'thfit I'see With my material eyes a person whom I know to be dead, I will become a convert to spiritualism. But I shall never see it. The drawing-rooom was filled when they arrived at Mdme. Delphine's. Seats'had been kept for the doctor and his Wife. There was a short whispered consultation between Burke and his colleagues, the usual warning from the medium that the audience must conform to the rules of the seance; and tho business of the evening began in the customary style. Musical instruments sounded in different parts of the room; light fingers touched the faces of the sitters. Questions written on slips of paper and placed in a sealed cabinet received answers from the spirit world, which the enquirers admitted to be correct. The medium's assistant handed one of these blank slips to Burke, requesting him to fill it np. It strnck the doctor that if he were to ask some question the answer to which he did not_ himself know, but could'afterwards verify, he'would guard against the'possi bility of playing into the' hands , of an adroit thought-reader. He accordingly wrote on the: paper, "What was I doing this time four years ago ? Give the initials of my companions, if any." , He had not the vaguest idea as to where exactly he had been on the date in question, but a reference to the rough diary be always kept to verify or disprove the answer. The folded slip was sealed and placed in the cabinet. In due time the medium declared thp replies were ready, The cabi net was opened and the slips numbered in the order in which they had been giyen; in, were returned to their owners. T'Burke noticed that there were no fresh folds in his paper, and the seal was of course unbroken He opened it, and as his eye fell on the writing he gave a slight start, and glanced sharply at the medium. Beneath his query was written in ink that was scarcely yot dry. " On Wednesday, November 17th, 1885, you were at No, 68 Abbey Road. I only was with you. You hypnotised me K. G." The handwriting was that of Katlierine Greaves. " The doctor was staggered. In the multi plied interests and distractions of his daily life he had completely forgotten the date of that tragic visit. He tried to recall the month and week. He remembered now it was on a Wednesday, and this was Monday. Calculating the odd days for the leap year, 1888, that would bring' it to Monday Monday, the 17th.. Four years ago to-night Kitty had boen alive. She was dead now. and yet here before him was a paper writton her hand. He sat staring at the charac ters, lost in thought. Tho familiar writing brought back with irresistible force the memory of that painful interview. It sug ested another and very serious danger. Burke did not believe for a moment that the answer to his. question had been dictated by disembodied spirit of his victim. He was raoking his brains to ' discover how his secret might possibly leaked out, who this woman could be who knew, and traded on knowledge, of that dark passage in his which hisl liad ' believed to bfe hidden to (world. Was it merely a bow drawn at jure, which had'chanced.to strike the ot^e ak place in his affmiour,;or waB it.deliber-' tely planned with'-a"'view to extorting oney? So deeply was he wrapped in his reflec 10ns that the manifestations went on around lm unheeded. The'tiark curtain which, creened off a portion of the room divided, nd a white-robed child stepped out. ' It was stantly recognised by one of the Sitters nervous, highly-strung woman, whose pas ionate entreaties that her dead darling ould return to 'earth fairly harrowed the elings of the listeners. Other manifesta ons followed. Tho audience {were becom greatly excited. Burke sat indifferent it all, his eyes fixed on the writing before lm, till his wife touched him gently. " What is the matter, Val ?" she whis red, trying to read the paper over his loulder. " Is your answer correct?" He turnod on her sharply, crushing tho tter in hand. " No," he said' audibly, is a gross imposture. There was ' no ch person. ' Hush." She laid a restraining hand on is arm. "Do not speak so loudly. That point in our favour, anyway; Mr Falconer proposed a frosh test. Ho has.asked a material object something that had been lost/aYany time, you know, can be restored by the spirits. Madame returned a favourable answer. Mr. Falconer could not think of {anything at the moment, but I had a brilliant inspiration. I told him to ask for your diamond ring-the ring you lost when you tried to save that poor girl's life." " r Burke rose to his feet, then recollecting himself sat down again and tried to pull him self together. There was nothing in it; If this Madame Delphine was really acquainted with the facts of hiB relations with Katherine Greaves she* could not know its ghastly ter mination. He tried to reassure himself, but vainly. His nerve was .deserting him, and his eyes roved vacantly round the semi darkened room as if in search of something. A sudden silence had fallen on the audience. A cold chill, like a draft of icy air swept through tho sconce chamber, Mrs. Burke shivered from head to foot, and drew closer to her husband. Suddenly the stillness was broken by. a shriek of horror. . It issued from the lips of the medium, who, like a second Witch of Endor, saw more than, she expected, and crouched .terror-stricken in the chair to which' she was secured by cords adjusted by the 'test committee. The presence which had appeared before the black curtain was no white-clad denizen of " summerlarid,' but a woman in dark, cling ing garments-garments, to all appearance, dripping with water-a woman with wide opened, glassy eyes, fixed in an _ unalterable stony stare. It was a ghastly site. All the concentrated agony of a violent death was stamped on that awful face. Of the twenty people who looked upon it not one had power to speak. Slowly the terrible thing glided forward, hardly touching the ground, one hand out stretched, and on the other' palm a small glittering object-a diamond ring! It moved very slowly, and the second or so during which it traversed the Bpace between the curtain and the seats of the audience seemed hours to the man who knew for whom it came. Valentine Burke sat rigid, He was oblivious of the presence of spectators, hardly conscious of his own existence. Everything was swallowed up in a suspense too agonising for words, the fearful expect ancy of what was about' to happen.' Nearer i !and nearer " it" came. Now' it' was close to him. He could feel the deathly dampness j of its breath : those awful eyes were looking into bis. The distorted lips parted-formed j a single word. Was it the voice of a guilty conscience, or did *he word really ring through and through tho room-" mur-| derer!" For a full minute the agony lasted, then something fell with a sharp click on the carpetless floor. The sound recalled'the petrified audience to a consciousness, of mundane things. They became aware that " it " was gone. They moved furtively, glanced at each other-at last some one spoke. It was Mrs. Burke. She had vainly tried to attract her husband's attention, and now" turned to Falconer, who sat next to her. " Help me to get him away," she said. The dootor alone, had not stirred ; his eye was fixed as though lie were still confronted by that unearthly presence. Some one had turned up the gas. Two of the committee were releasing the medium who was half dead with fright. Falconer unfastened the door, and sent a servant whom he met in the hall for a hansom. When he returned to the seance room the dootor was still in the same position- It was some moments before he could be roused, but when they once succeeded in their efforts Burke's senses seemed to return He rose directly, and prepared to accompany his wife. As they quitted their seats, Falconer's eyes fell on the diamond ring which lay unnoticed-on the ground.: He was going to pick it up, but some one caught his hand and stopped him. " Leave it alone," said Mrs. Burke, in a horrified whisper/ " For God's sake,, don't touoh it!" Husband and wife drove home in silence. Silently the doctor dismissed the cab and opened the ball door. The gas was burn ing brightly in the study. The servant had left on the side table a tray of sandwiches, wine, and spirits.,. Bourke poured out some brandy and tossed it off neat. His face was still rather white, otherwise he had quite recovered his usual composure. Mrs. Burke loosened her, cloak and dropped wearily into a chair by the fire. A hopeless despondency wis visible in every line of her attitude. Once or twice. the doctor looked at her,'and opened his eyes to speak. Then he thought better of it, and kept silence. Half an hour pasaed in, this way. At last Burke lighted a candle and left, the room. When he returned he carried in his htuid 'a'small" bottle. He'had completely regained his self-possession as he came over to his. wife and: scrutinised her troubled face, " Have some wine," he said, " and then you had better go to bed. You look thor oughly doneit," ' ' . ? " What is that ? " She pointed to the bottle in his hand. "A sleeping-draught. Merely a little morphia and bromide. I should adviBe you to take one, too. Frankly, to-night's per formance waB. enpugh to try the strongest nervefi. Mine require; steadying by a good night's rest, and I do not intend risking an attack of insomnia." ' * >' She rose suddenly from her chair and claspsed her hands on his arm. u Vol," she cried, piteously, .' don't try to deceive me; Dear, I can bear anything if you will only trust me and tell me "the truth. What is this thing which stands between us ? What, was the meaning of that awful sight ?" For a moment he hesitated; then he pulled himself together and answered lightly- i < ! " My dea!r girl, you are unnerved, and I do not wonder at it. Let us forget it." " I cannot, I cannot,"' she interrupted widly. " I must know what it meant., I' have always felt. there was ' something. Valentino, I beseeoh you by everything.'you hold Bacrcd, tell mo the truth now before it is too lato. I could fqrgivo you almost almoBt anything, if you'-will tell me bravely; but do not leave to find it out for myself." * " You will not trust me ? " " I tell you there is nothing." " That is your final answer ? " " Yes." Without a word she left the room and went up first. Burke soon followed her. His nerves bad been sufficiently shaken to make solitude undesirable. He smoked ft cigar in his dressing room, and took the sleeping draught before going to bed. The eftects of the opiate lasted for several hours. It was broad daylight when the doctor awoke. He felt weak and used up, and his head was splitting. Ho lay for a short time in that drowsy condition which is the border land between sleeping and waking. Then he becarce conscious that his wife was not in the room. He looked at hiB watch and saw that it was half-past nine. He waited a fewminutes expecting her to return; but she did not come. Presently be got up and drew back the window curtains. As the full light streamed in he was struck by a certain change in the appear ance'ot the room. At first he was uncertain in what the change consisted, but gradually he realised that it lay in the absence of the usual feminine impedimenta. The dressing table was shorn of its silver toilet acces sories. One or two drawers were open and emptied of their contents. The writing table was cleared, and his wife's dressing case had disappeared from its usual place. Burke's first impulse was to ring for a servant and make enquiries, but as he stretched out his- hand, his eyes fell on a letter, conspicuously placed on the centre of a small table. It was addressed in Elma's handwriting. From that moment Burke knew that something had happened, and he was prepared for the worst. The letter was not long. It was written firmly, though pale-blue stains here and there indicated where the wet ink had been splashed by falling tears. " When you read this," she wrote, "I Bhall have left you for ever. The only reparation-in your power is to refrain from any attempt to follow me ; indeed, you will hardly desire to do so, when I tell you that I know all. I said last night I could not endure the torture off uncertainty. My fears' were so'terrible that I felt I must know the! truth or die. I implored you to trustmo. ' You put me off with a lie. Was £ to blame if I used, against you a power which you yourself had taught me ? In the last four hours I have heard from your own lips the whole story of Kathaaine Greaves. Every detail of that horrible tragedy you confessed unconsciously in your sleep, and I who loved you-Heaven ; knows how dearly 1-have to endure the agony of knowing my husband to be a murderer, and that my wretched fortune supplied the motive for the crime. Thank God I have no child to bear the curse of your Bin, to inherits its. father's nature! I hardly know what I am writing. The very ground seems to be cut away from under my feet. On every Bide I can see nothing but densest darkness, and the only thing that is left to us is death.-Your wretched wife, ELMA." From the moment he opened the letter, Burke's decision was made. He possessed the exact admixture of'' physical courage and moral cowardice which induces a man worsted in the battle of life to end the con flict by removing himself from the arena. He had taken the best of the world's gifts, and there was nothing left worth having. His belief in a future life was too vague to cause him any uneasiness', and physically, fear was a word he did not understand. He quietly lighted his wife's letter with a match,.and threw it into the fireless grate. He smoked a cigarette while he watched it burn, and carefully hid the charred ashes among the cinders. Then he fetched from his dressing-room a small' polished box, unlocked it, and took out. the.revolver. It was loaded in six chambers. ' Burke leisurely finished his cigarette, and ! tossed the end away. He never hesitated a moment. He had no regret for the life he was leaving. As Elma had said, there was only one thing left for him to do, and -he did it. Why is it that death should. come before the al lotted age -of " threescore and. ten," and why so many millions of human men never live to three score and five, and why that not one in every thousand live to 'threescore years? We kill ourselves. Many interesting particulars are found in tables of pliysioligiats and writers ou hygiene. The eminent phisiologists, Holler nud liutfon, present interesting, particulars on the subject of longevity. 1'hey treat it |in two ways, historical And physical. The historical side of ths recitation of all facts known of the naturally ordinary and extreme duration of life, and the physical aspect of the problem involves the contemplation of the great natural phases of development of the Bpecies, digestion, period of growth,' and length of life. Mankind pays too little attention to the warning voice of nature ; signs of approaching calamity are unheeded; the disorganization of the affected organ increases and after a time becomes insensible; then no pain is felt, and the sufferer is deluded into the belief that lie has shaken off the disease. Nothing could be more erroneous or dangerous, for the complaint has only passed on one further stage towards the end, and nature censes to send those warning aches as they were unnoticed when sent; the debility and weakness increases however, and nervousness, loss of appetite, and general langour comes on, and a cold is caught in the kidneys, lungs, or liver, and another life, is sacrificed to Bright's disease, consumption,, or some other serious and fatal disease; ' Scoffers can talk as they like at the virtues claimed for Clements Tonic, but even the most prejudiced men know it is genuine and does posses imorits no other medicine ever did, as instance in the case of Mrs. J, Bruce, 1 Victoria Terrace, Prymont Bridge-Road, Glebe, New South Wales, who writesFor thelast forty years I have suffered excruciating agony with tooth ache, billious headache,' indigestion, &c.; 'Although having a sound set of teeth, I have had tooth ache for a fortnight at a time. I could not touch solid ftiod ; the only nourishment I could get was through'tak ing beef teaj isc., and sucking it through' a straw. I could not get up till late in the day, and then it was only for a short time, and I had to lie down again. As for trying to do my domestic duties, it WfiR simply an impossibility ;* it even scorned too great a'troublo.to aross myself, so languid and ill 1 felt. A Short time ago 1 was pursuae'ed to take (Jlotuuu'.B Touic, The, ^effect was miraculous'; the toothache, lieadaoho, arid'tired feeling disappeared after taking a couple ofNow-1 do all my liouse work, although! qyor sixty years old, and work ieems a pleasure, I advise every one tliut suffers as 1 did to take it, us it certainly cured mo; and J. caunot thank the proprietor enough for the benefit I derived from it.-I am, .yours gratefully, Mra, if. Bruce, 4 Victoria Terrace, Prymont Bridge .Road, Glebe, New South Wales. 