THE STABILITY OF THE COUNTRY. It is pleasant to be told nice things by a lady, but when that lady is the accredited travelling commissioner of no less famous a journal than the London Times, the pleasure is appreciably en hanced. Miss Shaw, the lady in ques tion, declares that for Victorian loans the British bondholder has a security equal to British consols. Practically, wo believe that such is the ease, as the Victorian Government is as unlikely as the', British Government to repudiate its obligations. Going back a little into history the Times’s lady correspondent might have gone further and argued that for Vic-; torian loans there was better security than for English loans. The principal of a Victorian loan has never been written off and the lenders told that all they need ever expect ,was the interest, whereas this was done -in the old days of the - Old Oous;ry. Then if the differing modes of investment adopted by the two govern-- meats be taken into account a modern financier should emphatically prefer the modern Victorian to the olden English ; method. Here we have' with the loans' opened up the country with railways,; roads; and lines of telegraphs, and con-; structed harbors and water works; whereas ; the great bulk of the money represented; by the English national and ibt has been i wasted in wasting life and property on: the land of every continent pf the world,! on the seas of every one of the oceans; in! quarrels in which the great bulk of the: British nation had up interest, from, which; if ■ “ successful,” they could gain ' nothing, .but Jtsm~ whiph,„whether suc : cessful or non-succesful, they were' ,torr.ible sufferers in minds, and. pockets. There is nothing tangible in. ,the way of respite to show for the greater? part of the English national . Very •; little of it'was contracted for defensive wars, the only kind of warfare which is, profitable from either a humanitarian or; a business point of view. But hero so happily situated have wo been that not one shilling lias lipd to bo used in either defonsiye ■ vor''offonslve war; and that notwithstanding that there has been such • great waste, and perhaps something, worse ajt times, in the expenditure of the loan mpney,, such ;ia the present market-; able value “of the’ colony’s ! publici workSjiAclusiyp q£ the unearned increment, accruing t6 them asip. tljo pa§e of all real property,, that If put uptoauctioh; they would realise nearly .the whole snm ! originally spent upon them. Oil . this ; basis the National debt of Victoria ns; veVy small.' The rail>yays, badly managed: as they'; arpi. bhly ooiJt'.the' -6600,000' ;a yearto’ keep them going. This is'not a backrbrehkiag, suni;;wid might very ieabijy bo borne.were-itmiPvi that tfyevsi jsso much mismanagement'in: other qVartere. the lois oh the railways so r ' js ; |hif department having .a-v*monopoly of tlje internal carrying trade of the country,, and haying haw supplied with unlimited -coital, is not paying dividends jnto thp. on thertoxpnyore; railways i is more seeming .than Shut thenTup, and the country would J instanfcly find productiveness of ] its resources had diminished by ;'a- sum to which £OOO,OOO would bo th© veriest of trifles. That everything.' will come : right eventually our . Times visitor ;i»| strongly 6f opinion. •.• Molbodrno.sbe p&'f! nounces to' be- in abad , stute,but she; ;.found:, eyidbnees - that./; t||b< depression was ‘moro than a city 'one. The Tnilliona of acres of fertile land remain as fertile' ns ever, and ns long as this is the cose there may be ;periods Of artificial depression consequent:on-booms,■ pver-speoulation and over-trading,' but the. country itself remains os sound as over. Xfcwas about time that a stoppage was; put to, the indiscriminate : floating of loans and the spending of them, buttho saddest part of the matter was that .the stoppage had -to bo made .so suddenly. Xml their lost" days the Oillies-Doakm Government wore expending loan moneys at the rate of . four millions per annum. This cpuptinglthp average yearly earnings at £lOO of each worker who found employ montin consequence, was eqniya-' lent to the employment *of 40,000 hands -—railway and waterworks navvies, suppliers of timber and ironwork, super visors, and . professional men; ’ shop ! keepers and their assistants, etc. On the I drying lip of the supplies from London i the occupation pfnllthese was gone. The forty thousand workers represented something like 200,()00. persons, or . a sixth of - ]the total population of the colony who by the short-sightedness of the Government with, thp approval; of an equally short-sighted Parliament were dependent on the sti’oam of loan money being kept up. The. wonder therefore is not that the. depression since' then , hrts been as it is,.but that it should not have been worse. That 1 so .very large a pro portions pf those whq formerly lived on, the Governincht directly or indirectly, has'foimd employment in other directions is convincing proof of the power of the colony’s resources when -put to,the test to absorb tho labor of its people. Coinci dentally with the stoppage of tho loans came the low prices of wheat, wool, add live stock. This, of course, helped to make the situation that had to be "faced' more difficult than it would otherwise have been; But apparently an equalizing; process is going on,, a... .balance being struck between the profits of industry; and the profits of labor. Both sidei will apparently have to make up their minds to submit to the somewhat changed con ditions for somo time to come, but that r the turning point will be very long delayed it is impossible to conceive when a handful of twelve hundred thousand people have the undeveloped resources of a country at their hack, capable under general good government and improved land laws of supporting in comfort and even affluence ten or even twenty millions of people. Fourth Page. —The following .. additional reading matter will be found' on the fourth page:—Mining Nows an£ No ten, Rochester, Hcathcote, An Unfortunate Accident, Mel* bourne Gossip. To-Day’s Events; —Bendigo Easter- Fair; Cyclorama; Rochester Polico Court. 10 turn.; Gospel' Temperance Mission, Eoglohawk Town Hall, 7.30 p.m.; Tho guessing candlo lib 7 p;ro,-; Meeting at Rochester to form. Athletic Club, 8.p.m.; Sob'iaft,’ Royal Hall, 8 p.m.; Valedictory tea meeting, Primitive Methodist, Rowan-street, 8 p.m.; Alhambra Minstrels, Theatre, 8 p.m. Results of Holiday Liquob.— Writing yesterday our correspondont says.: —To-day 1 Was interviewed by a resident of Lightning Hill. Ho states ho has had a visit .from five ghosts. They came to his hut early Saturday evening, also on Sunday after dark, bringing a lantern with them. They wore enveloped in something that looked like white muslin, and. could do the disappearing, trick in a wonderful manner. They placed a buggy lamp under the head of his bodj and bo -then saw a vision of fairy land..,This made him repent of the life he has' boon loading and ho offered up a prayer, and the *,* ghosts’ 5 also took it up and began praying fervently In tho Salvation Army stylo. They then left him in peace. On Monday evening they, returned, and through a chink in tho wall, came In. On this visit, he says, they omitted some pungent odor which made his eyes smart,'and so worried him that ho ran across to a neighbor’s place : for < a gun to shoot (hem. Not getting a' gun ho thought to got rid of them that bo would go to work at his claim on tho bill. When*at work ho could hoar them running up and down the rope, but as ho ignored them, they left him in disgust. Ho has now a charge of litbo fraoteur, with which bo is going to materialise tho “ghosts,” and. I am to have the fragments so os to prove to wlm annoyance has been .pat On being pressed, he states that ho had an - ' unknown quantity of “ long sleevers” on Saturday, but only ono on Sunday, aod none since. Ho should have been in tho Easter Fair procession op Mon day, and no doubt woujd have boon awarded the flrsHprizo in it, ' . The Railway Traffic. —The traffic, at tho Bendigo station was again, very largo yester day, principally outgoing. . Tho,following are the number of passengers - booked for the various lines, with the revenue derived from. each: —Mainline, 453 passengers, £132 f!6s 2d; Wychoproof, 82 passengers, £11 7s 8d; Wallan, 47 passengers, £0 2s 8d; Eohuoa and Swan Hill, Ittpir passengers, £28 13a 2d— total. 722£ and £178 19s 8d. On Easter Tuesday-last year only 504 passengers and £86 2s $d wore booked. , : St. Patriot's Sports.— As previously an nounced, the candle in connection with tho guessing competition will be lighted this evening at 7 o’clock. Coupons may be pro •ourod up to 6 o’clock, at which hoar the boxes will bo sealed. When, the candle has burned itself out tbo work of examining the coupons will begin. Ministerial. Association*. — A sub-com mittee of the -Ministers’ Association, con sisting of tho Rev. Messrs, Nye and Maokay, and “Major” Weisberg, met at Mr. Mackay’s residence yesterday, to consider the advis ability of establishing a rescue homo in- the district. It was decided to recommend .the association to appeal to the proper authorities I to oxercisp preventative measures in certain known channels of immorality, and also to 1 recommend that an undenominational rescue | homo bo formed, Tbo association will meet [ on tho I8th inst. to consider tbo recommenda | (ions. The “ .Typewriter. — Wo learn from tbo manager of the “Yost ” Type-writer Co. -who is at prosotic staying at . tho Sand-' hurst Coffee Palace that it is intended to -establish.a permanent.agency in Bendigo for the exhibition, sale and loan of their typo writing machines, and. in addition to found a class for instruction iathousoof the “Yost," allied with tho.-twin art of shorthand,. It is intended to open. tho.bourse of taifcibn with | tho fanious lecture bn Pitman’s Shorthand with lime-light illustrations, as lately de livered to-'au audience of upwards of 1000 persons, in Melbourne. Mr. Yost tho in vontbr'of tho “Yost " machine, also invented the “Remington ” and “Caligraph ’’ type* ■writer. Full particulars will shortly, be drinounCjpd bf Hldledturoand Classes'; and in the iridanlimb tho type-writer Js oht vipw. at the Pioneer Co-oporatiyb; store in .■Mitoholl • street, ’’ ’ 11 . - S,'.. St. Vincent jde Paul ' Society. — This .society. which is and has boom for* a number of years doing such a largo , amount’ bf good ; in assisting the poor and .tho suffering, hold tljejr monthly meeting at the bishop’s palace yesterday aftppngoq, There was a fair attendance of jpombovg, v/fth the president in the oliair. ’ Subscriptions amounting to £21 4s woro roooived. A.committee of ladiba was formed te;.visit tbo hospital during,,-the ensuing month. ’ Afro. P,‘ Hayes,hbn.- secretary, raported sovPn now oases, which wore brought befoVa the committee^and tlio usual relief. - Tlib 'sdcrotary also re ported that U8 bases were relieved during Ihp:previous month. ’ Those who bavb hob yet senb in their usual ahnaal, subsorlptioriH Are earnestly requested to’do so at . their earliest b’onv'pnionoe; tfs ’ Ehe annual ‘ meeting takes place shortly, and. it is. desirous that all ,tho! names o£thp svfijsoribors' bp published, in the BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.-- Messrs. J. D. Crofts and J. R. Goodisson iiobn awarded aid to dC applicants -by orders on stoves, and to 15 in. kina, 'from -the.- Insti tution. Aid in ohov case was.> discontinued: fdiatributiohsAyoi’omado. oufc-dobxv/dUnhg wookto:fanj|llo5joongisfcjng v of. 309?a3ulti and 120 tution 159 88 foioialcaj patiouts; total, 187, •■’•••'. RbtrbnohmenY.—A straw shows how (ho wind blows, aod: pn tho samo principle >bbc. returns c&ked; for by a iCabinot. ditenrion lp which it contemplates - proceeding' in racffen^ipj^ 5 '‘Qej»aj(a|' /*D$ing pro pai'bdisliowing thd,number of officers rbpeiying salaries Oyor,. £100.pot annum, and_ the- total aippunt paid. daring the year. it’would there- Ipto .naj»-bo- sgrprjsf hg,. if - the <^ovornm?U fc proposed' tqat. thepb should bp a 'nateQhtego. M4'58ti9b Oh all; salaries over £10Q : :Tho. hov V Xt was annoqncodnn' iiiso iolamis- nn3 that it would probably be ..flxotl but inquiries which havo Sinco boon ju show that this minimum would touch tim married mba in the pubUo service, ana rule allow tho bachelors' to especially so inthopolioo .(Toi'eo, It «■ *■“ understood that the, Cabinet Intends to lower the yearly capitation,grant to, the „ r^. n £lO to £6, and “at tho same timo reduco tbo number "o^'compulsory drills. This-will ouo a saving of about £BOOO pw believed that the men forming tbw : J)ronoh o ■, tho. military forces wSU readily rocogoSsath tho financial exigences of the colony the Ministry to propose this oonrse, ana wjyi therefore accept’ tho loduolioa in tho spirit, ns they agreed to tho redaction' » f £l2 to £lO last year.—Argus. V " City .Folicjb —Messrs. Andorson> Davis and Hcdloy, J’».P., adjudicated day.' Three drunkards wore dealt wiuu Patrick Hayes, for using obsoono ianguage, wftß -ftnod 40s. Walter King and James Mason, two youths aged 18 and 16 lively, wero -remanded till Tuesday on charge ofhousebroaking at Mr. Piper's resi- dence, Quarry, Hill. Thomas Smith was charged with playing an. unlawful game, ‘‘ Yankee, Sweat, Id a public place. Sergeant detective Mahoney stated that ho found the ricousod playing the gamo at tho Easter hair. In defence, the jman stated, ho had received permission from tho secretary of the Easter Fair to play tho camo on tho grounds, and that ho had Only just started to play when die was. arrested; Sergeant Fahey remarked that the secretary had probably given him per* mission to play the; game', but, ho had also explained tho risks ho. was undergoing in doing so. A fine of 20s was imposed. Thos. ??ley, cliorgod with o similar ouoiico, pleaded guilty, but stated that it was the first time ho had over boon before tho court m his life, and askod the bench to discharge him this time and ho would donate something to tho poor box. -Howover, tho :benoh Shju that ho had tronsgrosiod against tho law, and- ho therefore would havo to hear the penalty. A. lino of 20s was infiiotod. Statistics of tho Bendigo Benevolent Asylum and Lying in Hospital for tho month Ending 31st March, I893:-Malos; Remaining in tho Asylum. 28th February, 1893. 167; received; 13 { discharged, cured, or relieyod.l: died, 10; remaining in tho Asylum 31st March, 1893, 169; Foniftjbs: Remaining in the Asylum 28th February, 1893, 29; discharged, cured, or relieved, i i djetV2: remaining , in tho Asylum' 31at March, .1893, 23. - Lying in patients; Received, 1; remaining in tho Asylum 31st March, 1893, 1. Totals: Remain ing: in the Asylum . 28th February, 186; received, 14; discharged, cured, or relieved, 2‘; died, 12 • remaining in tho Asylum 31sl March, 1893, 'lB3, James Stroyan, aged 68, native of Bightonshire, Scotland,' on ‘ Ist March, from ramollissmont. Admitted 14th October,' 1886. Arrived in Melbourne in 1861 per Caroline Elizabeth. George Law- rence, aged 78, native of Middlesex, England, om2riu March, from heart- disease. Admitted 3rd February, 1890.- Arrived in Hobart per Lord William Bentick. James Morse, aged 77, native of Bristol,' England, on 6th March, from phthisis. ' Admitted 13th December, 1892. Arrived in Melbourne in .1854 per Clara Symes, George Cohen, .aged 81, native of Maidstone, England; on; 10th March,- from . senile debility. Admitfcod;2Bth February, 1891. Jane Jones, aged 81, native'of Cornwall, England, on Ilth March, from senile debility. Admitted 25th January, 1892. Arrived in Melbourne in 1849 perDuohoss of Northum berland. Seneca Mahan, aged 80, native of New York, on 13th March, from senile: debility. Admitted 24th December, 1889. Arrived in Melbourne in 1854- per Mary Parker. -Henry Cook, aged 79, native of .London, on 4th March," from pneumonia. Admitted 13th December, 1892. Arrived in Melbourne in 1852 per Royal Saxon. Richard Eames, aged 84, native of Oxford, on 14th -March, from senile debility. Admitted 13th December, 1892. Arrived in Adelaide in 1832 per Douverne. Nicholas Barnes, aged 73, native of Plymouth, on 16th March,, from ; senile debility. Admitted 13tb April, 1891. \- Arrived in Geelong in 1854 per Maria Hay. Catherine Guthrie, aged 76, native of Oxford, on 17th March, from morbus cordis. Admitted 12tliJuly, 1892. Arrived in Melbourne per 'Yorkshire. Charles Johnston, aged 72, native of London, on 21st March, from paralysis. Admitted 12th February, 1891. Patrick Mclnerney, aged 61, native of County Clare, : Ireland, on 27tb March, from brain • disease. Admitted 16th July, 1891. Arrived in Mel bourne in 1354 per Invincible. ' Note--The daily average of oases relieved outdoor during tbo month was 309 adults and 123 children. Of the admissions four wero received from the Bendigo Hospital. England and Ulster,—Replying to tho address of welcome tendered to him in Belfast Mr. Balfour asserted that if Ulster and England persevered in their united opposition, to' Home Rule it would become impossible; Tbo majority of tho English people, ho declared,, arc determined opponents to tho measure. - Happy New Zealand. —The islands.colony five years ago was if anything in a worse state. of;deproB#ion than Victoria is to-day.- Yet owing to rigorous retrenchment, economy in tho civil service, in public works, and State assistance to persons to establish homes for themselves on tho land, its finances at present are tho most flourishing of any of tho Aus tralasian groups of colonies. The revenue ut the close of tho financial year far exceeds estimates- in ovory department,; Tbo Customs, surplus is £66,000; tbo Land and Income Tax receipts are.£ls,ooo above estimate; the stamp doty has produced £34,000 in excess of expectations: The departments of Justice arid Native Lands also show, increases in receiptsr’whilc tho railways have a surplns of £30,000. The Bullet-Proof Cuirass;and Cloth,—’ A singular trial of tho bullet- proof cuirass invented by Herr Dowe and offered by him. to the German Government, is to,be made at Mannheim in Germany: " The cuirasses will bo fixed on a number of, live pigs in order to tost , the'effect of the bullets that will bo fired at thorn. .The. Austrian War Office has' decided to adopt Cor ,tho,army a bullet-proof cloth invented by Herr Sylander.—Argus Cablegram. ~ . , - : Chopping a Butcher’s Boy’s Hand.—, Yesterday a sad accident occurred at Mr. Dann’s butcher’s shop at Castlamaine. Jas. Wake, aged'about 14 years, an assistant, had boenicleaning a' sausage machine,, and Mr. Dann, junr., then told tho lad that it would'- do. Young Wake stopped his work, and Mr.' Dann placed tho bolt on tho driving piilloy,. setting tho raaebino in motion. In tho mean time, ;however, Wake thought it necessary'to give the block another rub with his cloth, and put his hand beneath the‘knives, jfist as the bolt was thrown on. Ho called but, and,. ; the. machine.was stopped. It was then found that tho knifo had cbmq down bn the hack of. his right hand ' and almost cat it off. The poor dad is in the hospital; arid ■ it- is not known at present whether tbo hand can'bo saved. • All Hands Believed to have Perished. —All hopa-has-now boon abandoned -of tho safety: of . the Auckland schooner Maile, 'which loft Launceston for. Whangaroa and Auckland 47 days ago. Sbo was in light ballast, and is believed to have capsized. and foundered daring tho gales 1 lately experiencod. ■ Her master was Captain W. S. Lane; ;whoso wifo and family reside at Auckland. Tho first male, Mr. R.. T. Laird, was tho cap-, tain’s brofchpr-in-law, and had bis wife and young child bn board. .The Maile had 10 bands on board ail told, including a son of Captain W. Farquhar, of the steamer ’Clans man. ' A young mannamod Edwin Charles, a resident of Moss Vale,'was found dead in bod ' : in Sydney on Monday riiorriing, tbo cause of death being tho eating at a' mushroom of a poisonous nature. Singular‘ Suicide of a-Woman.—Mr. Harry Thomas, a police clerk, residing at Latrobo, Tasmania, took a woman named Cissy Leatherland, alias O’Keeffe, with whom , bo was living, to an hotol' at Davenport on Saturday ,and.-p.ah yup.: : is' Alleged . ; ( that- thoy.^quarrbllod,. arid that tbo woman -pullqdTput,a revolver, and shot herself dead.' An iriguost bob' bseri:hbia;arid a verdict of toriiporary insanity, returned.’ She was only -27 years; old. Cardinal Vaughan on.Wages, the- Catbolio Archbishop of Westminster,' London, bar expressed iris views‘upon spina; of tho social problems of the day. 1 Ho declares that the world' must qypqtuqny ppcogmso that- gdijcat}on is npfc a ri)oro shihbqloth'qf thp eiergy. it U only Christianity, ho deolaroa, that will oxoroisq tho dovij of imported socialism arid anarchism. England; ho aasiorts; Invisf provide labour ato fajr wages for jts \Wbrbing qjasqefl. and musfrnqt' fbllbw tho example set on the Continent of Eqrope qf lowering wages arid' longlhoqjhg Uoqra qt labour. - oablegrarii, "The Cyclorama. —This popular arid in slructivo; exhibition was orowdod. witlr visitors throughout the wbolo of yesterday." \- 1 night. Mr. Parry, tho locturor, explained tho various incidents connected with a.in., sud;3 andQ p.tq. - - . : died^iiTlim JOHN CONNELLY aged 79 died in the Bendigo Hospital yesterday mppning from ouitoaua. Ho .wasr admitted.on fho Ist Aiprik: .—Our local obreospondont re vvf.i two, young ,njon named William Watkins and Edward Walsh wero oharriod with a broaoh of the peaoo at the sports hold : on St. Batrioka'-.Day. ■: the police; baughV the men fighting together it whs intended-to charge , together, but Mr. Horan' S area for Walsh, and asked for tho- oasois e taken septat.oly, .' Watkins pleaded" y, and was fined Ss W tfiq broach of the and 6s extra;, for a. brqaoh made;iri i 3? : 'YJ* flSt.; qqatreped ,wjth aiiaWet MhngVfe .-namrid Western, whom^ ho kndqked *&s;}£& them qn Wftlqh, whq-rehiljated;> atid qqyerql blow* weep cxohnnged before the polloo cpnld Inlwfcre. Under thow> circumstances, oon nlduriu« the provocation roooivful; tho bench diamiasod tUo case .ngainet Walsh. James Harrison, William Smee, and two broth ora named Picconi, wore fined ton shillings each for cutting timber under, the uUmj allowed, by tboir liconsbs. The jury list revised. :Tho County Court will bo hold on !®HB l AmImbra company appeared acaui last evening to a. good home. Ibtf pro-- Smthe; which woa «o Buccossfullygone through the preceding evening was .ropeated with groat eclat, end received the plaudits of a well pleased audience. The skating chorus, sleigh galop, etc,, again proved a lively and pleasurable introduction to tho rest of the programme, and a highly exciting finish was given to the first part of the progmmmo by the etps’criakatlng trieks'perfonncu by tho two lightning skaters/ who wore abloto put a lot of fun Into the ! performance. Tho Connor Bros, fairly brought down fho house by their feats of atrongth and agility. Thuy appeared literally to fly through the air, turning somer saults on tho way. Tho other members of tho company also acquitted themselves as admir ably as on tbo opening night, and tho , marches of tho Alhambra banoiinas. wore as much enjoyed as before. .Tho company appear again to-night, when new songs and spociali - ties, will ho given. , ' \- A social will, bo "bold in the Royal Hilt to "'mt. W. G, Bentley will sell to-day,at 2 o’clock, a brick cottage and allotment of. land at Kangaroo Fl it, by Instructions of Mr. Harrison. Mrs. Harrison Lee will commence a gospel tempera nee mission in the JMetowk Town Hall at 7.30. Tho Hon. H. R. Williams will A valedictory tea and meeting will be tendered this evening to tho .Rev, H. Bride Barber, in con auction with tho PfimUivo THofchodiflb Church* Mr. Barber, who is just closing his term in Ben digo, is removing to Melbourne to take charge ox the Brunswick oTrenit. • In no anuoancement in our advertising columns Mr Louis H. Brien, of Melbourne, professor of dancing, intimates that he will hold classes in the Masonic Hall. Messrs, Cmig, Williamson, and' Thomas's bn mehsti show of drapery at their establishment in Williamson street is now one of Ibb sights of the town, and the shop is daily, crowded. Tho firm in another column give a lengthy list of lines which ’ they are offering; arid also quote prices for a number of articles. Tbo Casllemnine Masonic installation will be bold on Thursday, and in, order to enable tbe, brethren of this district to attend a special train will have at 4 p.rn., returning at 12 p m. 