MAORILAND HO! Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. A^/eird and Entrancing Romance, CHAPTER XXI.—CONTINUED. . AT HA WESTBURY. " Did you say Mr Jucelyu," asked "Vine, following. " That's the gentleman, sir, and this is tlio room," continued the garrulous old man, Heating himself, ahd at. once entering itatb all the particulars of the c*Be. Vane was deeply interested in what he lieajd^ufc. he askrd, in quite an offliaiBMa manner,— " la this Mr Jbcelyn a tall, fair man, with a red scar on the nose ?" ^'Exactly. You know him, sir ?" " Not personally ; 1 have seen him," replied Vane, evasively. "You say he is <flu-fpeEBonal frieud- of General Ash-. " ghat'sit, sir. And if all accounts be true'lie will be something more than that, Igues8. I* is said that Mr Jocelyn is goidg^marry-Miss Hilda.'' " Impossible !" What I Why impossible, sir ?" qderies ' the sergeant, again eyeing his companion with a look of surprise. "Mr Joc&yn; is highly respectable ; has any amount of inoncy, and he is a bachelor, so he Rays, though I've heard to the contrary/' * ,J lojB8 Hilda—I mean Miss Asliford— faVo* t&e; captain's suit V" "I,do not think so ; Williams, her xnatfvJsayB she hates him." " Then why suffer Mr Jocelyu's visits ?" '-' .Humph! I'm talking about matters which, do not concern you or me, sir," s^ysthe old fellow, with a cautious shake of the head. " There's something, depond uponit. Ah, here's my comrade returned," he cried suddenly, turning to tlii window. " You will pardon me, sir, if T* leave you here for a time. If you wafct jinytliing be good euough to ring." " One., iqoment, sergeant. Gould 1 see thismdu Grange for five miuutes ?" '" Certainly, sir. I'll send him up at oaee." The sergeant marchcd off, but paused when'he reached an angle-of the Corridor. " Ah; you young sc℘, you can't deceive'old Gunn," he cried, shaking his forefiiiger in- the direction of Vane. " Though you are bronzed as a Malay, bearded like Mustapha Pasha, I know you inyboy. Lord ! to think he's come buck again.*" Tol, tol de riddy ! Fol de rol drddy!" and in his joy the veteran, attempting to execute a sailor's hornpipe, Idlft nis equipoise, and rolled dowu the ettfiks like a ball of worsted. He was on his legB again in an instant, none the *wse for his antics, and proceeded across tftfel&wnto; intercept Grange. Well, friend ; what news ?" "" Don't ask me to-day, sergeant, if y^u-please .; 1 can't tell you anything tod*y,".replied the tramp, gravely. tr»''All" right. See here, go up into the lio.use, there's a gentleman wishes to speak ^jhypu. -You'll find him in No. 10— farst corridor." With a nod Grange passed on, and made his appearance before Vane. in ~and close the door," said the latter, pointing to a Beat. " Sergeant (fiiW has told lue the circumstances of your mee ting with Mr Jocelyn, aud its consequences. Is it true that you recognise in-this man an escaped felon ?" Remembering the caution given by the dfetetRive Graiige did not reply, but sat fypkjng at the other in doubt. »i">Wfay do you ask me this question, si*!?" he says, presently. " Because the sergeant has interested me in your case, that is all my good fellow," replied Vane, carelessly. "Of cou^fck ,you .are not compelled lo answer." ",.-Ibeg your pardon, sir ; the sergeant ISA kind, good hearted fellow, and I have much to thank him for," says Grange, quickly. " With reference t« this man wh^tflHs himself llaiph Jocelyn, Esq., J|P|,^tcan prove beyond doubt that he iraione otirer than Jocelyn Vanborough, an escapee from Pentridge, Victoria.: " You are certain of what you say V "•J^oatpofutive, sir," replied Grange, with emphasis. " I only want to put my poifit 'to the test, aud I will if I live." -"Vane looked at tlie grim, steadfast face oFtbfc man before him, and felt satisfied that hie had spoken truth. Well, well, I hope for the sake of all hppesf men that justice may be done," flatd jejnple. " In tlie meantime if you •want' means to aid you in your purpose, do not fail to apply to me, or if I can advise you I shall always bo glad to do BO, prqrvided you do not think me a friend of Mcjocelyn's," he added, smiling. *' Oh, no, sir. I can see you are a gentleman. .Believe me. I shall be only too glad of your assistance." "Thanks ; -one word ere you go. I shall probably remain here some time, hence I shall be at liberty to graut you an interview at any time." . The tramp rose with a smiling face, aud liwrped away back again to Sergeant Gunn.' CHAPTER XXII. FATHER AND SON. The day had darkened into the short twiligb^f JL New Zealand summer eveuing'Aria ^General ABhford returned to Glencourt. Sergeant Gumi. who had been on the wattili for the arrival of his master, ran down to meet him. Throwing the reins of his steed to a grbom the general nodded to his old servant, and passed onward with a slow step to the house. The sergeant followed. " If you please, sir, there are two gentlemen waiting to see you." c -To pee me, sergeant ?" -> Yes, general." " Who are they ?" • « Mr Thornton, the lawyer, and—and -^another gentleman," replied the veteran, with some hesitation. Oil, Thornton. Very well ; let dinner fee served, and say I'll joiu him directly;" The sergeant saluted, wheeled about, -and marchcd off, but returned directly lytfore his master had gained his apart aneat. " Sir, Mr Thornton has been here since HRJHting, and bade me acquaint him at •once when you returned. Shall I say you 'will see him before dinner 1" t** Of course, if Mr Thornton desires it. Be good enough to say I'm at his ser- Tice," " Thank yon, general," cried the old hgryeff ftppa-jring at the moment from the oilier side of the corridor. " We will not trouble the sergeant to carry your message." he added, advancing and shaki ng his friend-by tbe hand, •' Glad to see you, Thornton. Come in." Philip Thornton turned to tho dragoon, and whispered a few words in his ear, then followed the masfer of Glencourt into his private room. Their greet ing over the lawyer said,— " My-old friend, I have taken ar:libgrty,;' in calling upon you at such an untimely hour, but I trust you will pardon the intrusion for the sake of auld l#ng sync. I am the harbinger of news." \ The general is in the act of Dulling off his overcoat, but pauses to look at the other. •• News, Phil ? What news V' " Well, good news, 1 trust, but it willdepend entirely on the way you receive it," returns the lawyer. '" i ' ' The general takes off his coat and his gloves. Then stands musing a moment with his back to the fireplace. . " Thornton, I am a plain man," he answers. " Whatever you have to communicate 1 pray you let me hear it in plain Eiig-" lish.V - • ; " There are Borne matters that are not to bo given in plain English, general," responds Thornton, seating himself near where the general is standing. " Allow me to ask you a question. Have you ever heard from your son Temple ?" The words were scarcely uttered when the speaker saw the general straighten himself as if he - had received a' sudden blow. His face changed from red to white, and from a deadly pallor to an ashen grey. Alarmed, the lawyer jumped to his feet, and reached for the bell rope. • " No, no, it. ia, nothing™ old friend—a passing spasm,'' sayB the -other in a husky voice, and waving the lawyer to his seat. " Unfortunately my liver is none, of the; soundest after ten years' service in India. You mentioned something about my son. What was it ?" " I asked if you had ever heard from your boy Temple since he left you," repeats Thornton, standing before his companion, and looking earnestly into his pale face. " Look you, Ashford, I take the privilege of our friendship to tell ypu that I, Philip Thornton, a crusty bachelor; ignorant alike of the subtle feeling paternal, aud the joy of married life—love this boy of yours as if he was flesh of my flesh. My dear old friend, why should you aud L make a wall of words 1 You have a son——" : " I had,,'" interrupted the general quickly, with a passionate gesture of his arm. " I h^d a son, but he sought to dishonor me." "Not B<>, sir. Youth is ever prone lo e^r when temptation leads the way. Dishonor means lying, cheating, and what not.. To bo dishonorable is to {rick, deceive, cozen, and defraud, and if I know anything of the world and its ways, one who practices such deception must be a man well up in artifice, finesse, and imposture. Will you tell me that Temple Ashford was, or ever could be sucli a one ?" . " A gambler and a profligate," muttered-the general with writhing Tips. " Neither, sir. 111 stake my reputation," returned the attorney, hotly. "Tlie poor lad, totally unacquainted with dishonor, was but the dupe of those who practised it ; else he would not have acted as he did." ! " Lcannot. enter the lists, with you,, Phil," responded" Sir George, turning-liis! white face towards his frieud. " Words are your . weapons — logic, your: profession/' ,,. . " Just so. You haven't the ghost ot a case," said the lawyer, with a grim smile. " Now look here, I don't waut an argu- ment; it would spoil my dinner; Here ^s a letter received by me yesterday ; Could you guess who sent it ?" General Ashford locked his thin hands together, but made no reply. ; " Will you have the courtesy to read it ?" cried Thornton, holding the missive towards him. i " Why should I peruse your correspondence, Thcauton ?" ! " Because it concerns you." The old officer took the letter in his trembling hands. While he placed his gold spectacles on hiB nose, Philip Thorn* ton rose from his Bent, and became ail at once deeply interested in a valuable oil painting at the other end ef thie apartment. This picture was a gem in its Way, and had been painted by one of the first masters of the day. Subject—The return of the Prodigal." In its applio&H; tion the artist had taken a departure from the well known scriptural story. Yet.it was the same matter and material fts that which happened a thousand years ago, which happened ten thousand years -before that—nay, which happens every day of our lives. The old lawyer had seen the painting a hundred times or more. He knew by heart, every streak of light and .shade in. it; frpA th^ dull,:Ieaden Engliahrslflp. to the toliftSy figures i« The^mj^ngv wfeity, repentent'youih^Triirt* the forgiving, loving father with outstretched arms; but, notwithstanding his knowledge of these things,' Philip Thornton looked long, and with- all absorbing interest. He had expected some token of approval or dissent from his cotapanion—some exclamation or -wordf whereby he might guage the feelings of the'general to wards his prodigal, but-in this the lawyer was disappointed. Turning his gaze from the picture to his companion, Thornton beheld the latter fallen to the floor. The general's white head lay upon his breast as if he slept, but the broad chest rose and fell in strong and pent up emotion. Noiselessly opening the door the'lawyer glided out into the totridor, where Vane and the sergeant stooc^e£peptantly. " Go. in, Temple, agd Hea.v^F EESS . jrqu, my iioy," Thdrnton, and the prodigal entered. Philip Thornton immediately closed the door on the outside. " Look here, Gunn," he cried to the sergeant, " I'm on sentry over this room, fetch me-a ,: gla89 of wine and-a biscuit, ^ud order dinner to be put back for one hour. If you allow any of the womankind to come beyond yon corridor, egad, I'll have you tried by court martial. Now, begone!" '•I'd like to shake hands with you, sir, blowed if I wouldn't!" answered the old fellow, with, tears in his eyes. "So you shall. Now, march." The grim old fashioned eight day clock that stood in a niche in >he stairway struck nine as Sir (ieorge Ashford came forth to dinner leaning on his son'B arm. h. radiant smilo, full o~f hope and trust for die near future, was in his face now. Father send son had been two hours close!ed together, and the lawyer was almost famished with hunger. They sat down together, a happy trio, their -only attendant being Sergeant Gunn. It was a quiet meal. Two of the three were not in a talkative mood, and the third wastoo hungry to talk. When the repast was over, however, and the veteran .hiad departed to retail the news of the return of his youug master-, conversation began to flow. Perhaps (lie wine had something to do i.witli tiie change. Among other things ^Temple detailed in a brief, concise way iSfehe conversation overheard byliiin at the Inn, and also what he had afterwards learned from Allan Grange respecting Mr Jocelyn. Philip Thornton said not a word during the narration of facts with which the reajler is already acquainted, but beat his fingOrs on the table before him in a kind $f glib monotony. It was a way he had forging his mental links of evidence together. When the young man had finished the lawyer said,— " I confess I was in doubt respecting your identifying the man at the how d'ye it—'Golden Dolphin.' What strange names are given to public houses; but the key to the whole business lies in the information imparted by the man Grange, providing of course, his assertion to be correct, viz.. that our qinndam J.P. is thfc convict Vanborough. To a professional man like myself the case seems as clear as:circumstaiices can make it. First we have a den of unprincipled gamesters at Hawksnest ; (don't hang your head, my dear Temple). With -such base rascals, robbery, or even murder, is only a nutter of'time and opportunity. We have a lure bird in the girl Riah, and the head of the blacklegs also in the person of her sire. Tlie chief is suddenly cut oflf, and most of the irew disperse to fresh fields and pastures new. One of the baud gets his cotige, but escapes. He is a bold, longhanded fellow this Vanborough. Every avenue to his detection is guarded skilfully, save one, and that one he leaves open to. a woman. From Queen Cleopatra, who with her silken sail lured the warlike and kingly Antony to his doom, down to my lady Tigertail, women have been, and will be the downfall of any man who is fool enough to trust them. The esjeaped felon becomes comparatively wealthy. Itiah Barjew flies to his arms again. Ergo ! her brother, who has given up swindling, and turned bushranger discovers the nest. This man has confederates. who learn the secret. What follows '( Your diplomat sees his danger, and schemes quietly to get the whole trpop hanged out of his way." f" It appears absurd to link Mr Jocelyn ^vjth a low, rascally swindler and thief," said^the general-,-thoughtfully. "i^Jyoii are a soldier, sir. With you mennre what they,sfeny. but with us it is ditiajjmt," sail lihe attorney. " It i^ only another proof of tlife fellow's having afkeafgntly, .so well :ingra(inte3> himself rti^yfiitr-Tavor, What, say you my fKtnj ?" anddhftjUirHed to Temple, v • '? I think you have summed up the 'casp, sir. My opinion is that Ralph; Jocielyn and Jdceiyn Vanborough areoiieand ^^e,persoh; Nay,; 1 Irfipui^ have4i(f|fi l^i&tatioii; in taking Qa^ upor^ it, Fliffro gSod^caiise to rein^nber^iis mm." . The general turned with an jmp.loring. Idok towards''the speaker' which Baia as plain as if he had spoken, " l"t the sinful past rest, my boy."' • Keen aud quick to note and interpret men's glances, the lawyer came to the rescue. • " Well, well, Temple ; lay down that formidable knife, I pray. We will leave Jucelyn ia the hands of hiB whilom servant, Allan Grange, fur the nonce. And npw what is to be done with reference to the intended visit of Paul Barjew and his confederates. Remember, this is the ujght they promised to scarch for your treasures, general, aud it is getting late "now." ," The treasures have been removed fijom Gleucourt, Phil," answered the o^her. " These ruffians will find nothing —^except, perhaps, a warm reception tor their pains." j " Will you send for the police ?" ! Sir George laughed, " Jly dear fellow. nt»t I. Glencourt is able to protect itself against all this bushrangers in the colony." • " Very glad to hear it. What are you going :to do with my humble self, let me ask'?" ' " Send you home with an escort." ; " Indeed 1" with a vicious snap in his voico. " I suppose you think because I'm a lawyer I can't fight ? Luolt here, I'ill stay and have a bang at the ruffians. That's settled." > Temple Ashford rang the boll, and the sergeant appeared immediately. VGuun," s^id lie, " we have received information that a party of bushrangers are intending alraid here some time to-night." j The sergeant's eyes began to scintillate lifce thqse of a tiger cat, and he straightened himself as stiff as a rain rod. "Thundpr and smoke, we will make the rascals smell brimstone if they come." !" Have you any fighting meu about the place?'' "•iThre^j sir. Only three that can be depended on," replied the old veteran, "i Gnnge, myself, and the groom, who bappened,to be an old policeman." " Very Veil. Arm these men and wait •{or me at the entrance to the west end of the terrace." Night growB on apace. A dark, lowering night with a rising wind, coming thoaning' over the uplands girding the ocean. CHAPTER XXIII. ON THE WATCH. : To throw stones at the stars a man must needs watch that the missiles fall npt upon his own cranium. In this world we are all seeking happiuess. One wants to gain a fortune, another to spend it— one to get place and pay—another to build a name, but each and all of us know full well that it is not happiness we strive for. If you tell the poet who has just published his volume of poems, or the new member of parliament who has distinguished himself by a fine specch, that he will not be any happier if he attain the fame of Milton or the power of Gladstone, And that for the sake of his own pease he had much better cultivate his farm, live in the bush, and postpone the days of dyspepsia, he will reply, " tut, sir, I know ihat. I have not thought about happiness. I have made up iny mind to be so-and-so.' 1 To push on is the eternal law of all active sons of the earth, and one can no more say to men than children—" Bit still and save your boots." If man were a machine, then he might live for his happiness alone ; but it is an inevitable law that man in spite of himself should live for something higher than his own happiness. Let him be as selfish find as egotistical as he may, his every desire links him with others. Many there are whoBe breasts are ever bared to the cruel tempest. Men whoso lives are against Wind and Tide from the cradle to the grave. Wattie Hep worth, a half-pay captain in a marching regiment hadn't sufficient money to pay his funeral expenses when he died in a second-rate lodging house in the east end of London. His two orphan gjrls, Gertrude and Elsie, went to reside with an old maiden aunt who owned a ruin, and a few acres at Harrowgate. Major Weldon, a dashing young dragoon, became enamoured of the ehW, i married lier. Two years a,ltenv;trds the' major sold his commission, aud embarked for New Zealand. Twelve months' previous to the departure of her sister Gertrude, Elsie Ilepworth met her fate in the handsome person of Mr Sydney Black, the only son of a wealth}' mill owner in Manchester/ If ever the principle of evil was strongly developed in any one human being, it was here beneath the soft, bland maimer of Sydney Black. Indulged by his father in every wish and whim, the young man had run without restraint into extravagances and vices which a large city offers to the depraved and vicious. Without love, except in its most gross and sensual form, Mr Black paid court to the belle Of Ilarrowgate. It is a strange world, tny masters, and we often wonder how half tho married pairs we find in it ever came together. Loving and confident the beautiful Elsie was wedded. Alas ! she soon discovered the true character of the man she had sworn to love, honor, and obey. Nevertheless s-he loved him and clung to him, and bore with his refined brutality and neglect for five years. Then there came a change. Sydney Black was bankrupt. At the solicitation of Elsie, the aunt at Harrowgate assisted her to emigrate to Melbourne. Strange, the profligate husband followed her, and promised reformation, but he became more aud more infamous in his treatment of her. As a last resort the outraged wife appealed to her brother-inlaw. Major Weldon responded in person, and Mrs Black returned with lii(h ;to Pinefalls. All might have gone well;with the unfortunate lady, but the evil geiiius, her spouse, discovered her retreat. His ruffianly conduct turned the station into a bear garden, whereupon the major horsewhipped Sydney Black from his domain. The maiden aunt at Harrowgate died, and with the news of this event came a bequest of five thousand pounds to her favorite neiee Elsie. Mrs Black, now that she was comparatively wealihy, resolved to attempt the reformation of her wicked husband. The man was'irreclaimable, however. Had his wife's five thousand pounds been available the gambler would have had it by fair or foul means, but fortunately the money was enta^hid for Mrs Black's ^bllspring. The 6ld| ;ory. Nothing mo^e,. tjothiagslj&ssi; %IJ " patibility bQtwe^iif^ hjyuaujilitBisj whose world was narrowed down to evil and good^ poorer shall water and fire join iiieuoHhari iliese irreemiCibfiWe prindiples firi3 a restxiig placo. They had an only child—this ill-6tarred J^tir. A - - Jtiny'- : iairy, with laige,- violet eras and golden hair. One>THight, when the^wee thing was little more than two W i old^jt w3ig,;t^kwj.-jfixH»i its crib while lfslept. St'ol^ by somei^iS^kidnappety and hid for ever I'r^i^tue eyes of EJa^j-® . B!apk. ... " It was a beautiful afternoon on which Hilda Ashford found herself at Pinefalls. Grace Weldon had been expecting her friend, and rode some miles on the Great Southern Road to meet her. They had not met for two years, and had much to say to each other, as youug ladies usually have who have been to school together. It was a strange circumstance which brought Mr Jocelyn to the station some two days lifter Hilda Asliford's arrival there. Two miners out-prospecting:'at the point of Pines, a high peak, situated a few miles distuut from Major Weldon's property, had discovered a ricli vein of silver ore. Mr Jocelyn, who had.been invited to inspect the " find," called on the major, and was persuaded to spend a week under the hospitable roof of the squatter. General Ashford's daughter accepted these tactics on the part of the magistrate with cold indifference, and to a sly question put to her by Grace WelSon, only shrugged her pretty shoulders with provoking matter of fact unconcern. " Tiiis man is quite a bore," she said, coolly. " I trust 3'our father will not ask him to stay, Grace." " It is too late, dear," replied her friend. " Mr Jocelyn has consented to remain a week. I am truly sorry, Hilda, if this gentleman's presence is a source of annoyance." " My dear Grace, one must first become interested in a person ere annoyance begins," replied Hilda. " I am not interested in Mr Jocelyn, save that his presence here inaj' give coloring to a rumor which has not a shadow of truth in it." " What rumour, Hilda V " Only that Mr Jocelyn was to be my husband," responded the other, laughing. "Poor fellow 1 Porhaps he really loves you." " lie loves himself much better," rejoined Hilda, with an umnistakeablc shrug. Another visitor came to Pinefalls two days aiter Jocelyn. This latter w'as a low-sized, chubby man ubout thirty five or forty, dressed in a brown, sober suit of tweed. He had short, sandy hair, his beard shaven at the chin. He brought with him a letter from a business firm well known to the major, which explained in terBe brevity the business of the bearer. " Mr lloger Folkes is our agent on the lock out for a suitable tract of country for one of our clients. By rendering him any assistance you will oblige, yours faithfully, Begton and Wilkes, Wool Brokers, Dunedin." Tlie kind, free-hoarted major was only too glad to show courtesy to tho stranger, and Mr Roger Folkes appeared just the per3onat;e to make himself at home with the major's guesis. Though a commonman he had evidently travelled, and had seen much of the world. He could talk well, play whist, aud tho flute, which instrument he had brought with him carefully packed in his valise. Could ride and shoot, and in short the " agent " had not been at Pinefalls twenty four hour? before he was en rapport with every one about the place. It was not to be expected that Hilda Ashford and. Her friend should remain long together without an interchange of secrets. Poor Hilda had little to give in return for the confidences of Grace. Her life had been devoted to the general, who mourned his long lost son. Grace Weldon knew the history of Temple Ashford, for she was at school with Hilda when that young lady was summoned to Glencourt after her prodigal brother fell into disgrace. The major's daughter hastened to change the subject, for she noted tlie cloud .gathering over the fair face of her companion. Grace recounted the arrival of Nita B-irry and her two cavaliers, Fenton Howe and Vane at Pinefalls—told how the formsr's life hung in tlie balauce for many days, and how aunt Elsie's devotion saved tlie sufferer. Of the manner and bearing of Vane the narrator grew eloquent, and detailed the romance that led to the friendship of the digger. It seemed strange to Hilda that after fully two hours gossip, embracing every incident appertaining to these things, that Vane had scarcely been mentioned.—To be Cwtinued. M H 14 351 | COP FRIGHT. 1 