ALL ALONG THE By MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Venetians, or All in Honor," "Aurora Eloyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Just as I Am," "Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Weft," &o.;, &c.; [Published by specinl arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter IX.—( Continued. I Captain Pentreath, an army man of un certain age, a bachelor, and one of a territorial family of many brothers, came next, and then appeared the vicar and his wife one daughter, who made up the party. The vicar was deaf, but amiable, and beamed benevo lently upon a world about whose spoken opinions he knew so little that he might naturally have taken it for a much better world than it is. The vicar a w spen? her , existence in interpreting and explaining people's speech to the vicar and had little time think of anything else. The daughter was characterised by a gentle nullity, tempered by ) a somewhat enthusiastic and evangelical piety. The chief desire of ber life waa to keep the church as it had been in the days of her child hood, nearly thirty years before. It was the first time the Disneys had dined together at Glenaveril, so it seemed only proper that Mr. Crowther should give his arm to isola, which he did with an air of conferring an honor. The colonel had been ordered to take the vicar's wife, and the doctor was given to i Allegra; Captain Pentreath took Miss Ire quite, the vicar's daughter; Mr. Colfox loi fflwed with Mrs. "Baynham, and the daughters of the house went modestly to the dining-room j afttr the vicar and Mr3. Crowther. The dinner table was as pretty as roses and "Venetian glass could make it. There ivas no pompous display of ponderous plate, aB there might have been thirty years ago on a, par venu's board. Everybody is enlightened now adays. The great " culture" movement has been as widespread as compulsory education, and everybody bas a taste, facarcely were they seated when Mr. Crowther informed Mrs. Disney that he hated a display of silver and at the same time he took care to let her know that the Venetian glass was rather more valu able than that precious metal. "And if its broken there's left you for your outlay, he said, " but it's a fancy of my wife and girls. Those decanters are better than anything Sal viati ever made for royalty." The table was oval, lighted by one large lamp under an umbrella-shaped amber shade, a shade which difEused a faint golden glow through the dusky room, amidst which hazy atmosphere the footmen moved like ghosts, while the table and the faces of the diners shone and sparkled in the brilliant light- It was as picturesque a dining-room and table aB one need care to see; and if the Gainsboroughs and Reynoldses, which here and there relieved the sombre russet of the Cordovan leather hangings, were nob the portraits of Mr. and Mrs. Growbher's ancestors, they were not the less interesting as works of arb. Isola sat by her host's side with a silent and somewhat embarrassed air, which her hus band noted her as he watched her from the other side of the table. All the decorations were low, so that no pyramid of fruit or flowers intervened to pre vent a man watching the face opposite to him. Disney saw that while Allegra, in her place between Mr. Baynham and Alicia Crowther, was full of talk and animation Isola sat with downcast eyes anB replied with a troubled look to her host's remarks. There waa some thing in that gentleman's manner which was particularly obnoxious to the colonel, a pro tecting air, a fatherly familiarity, which broughb the bald shining forehead almost m contact with Isola's soft brown air. As the man bent to whisper and to titter in the very ear of his neighbor the colonel got through a little duty talk with Mrs. Trequite, whose attention was frequently distracted by the necessity of explaining Mr3. Crowther s polite murmurs to the vicar on the other side of the table; and this duty done he gave him self up to watching Isola and her host. Why did she blush so wnen the man talked to her i Was it the admiring leer in those fishy eyes which annoyed her, or the man s manner altogether, or was it anybbing that he said? Disney Btrained his ears to hear their couver sabion, if that could be called conversation which was for the most part monologue. The man was talking of the hunt ball of last winter. Disney heard such snatches of speech as »the prettiest woman in the room,_ "everybody said so," "Losbwithiel was evi-1 dently epris." Mr. Crowther had a penchant for scraps of Trench, which decorated his j speech as truffles adorn a boned turkey. ; "Isn't it odd that he should be such a rover? J asked Mr. Crowther in a less confidential tone , than before. . , Isola looked up at him as if harctly under standing the question. _ ' mean LostwitbisL vVitb such & Die© I place as he has here it seems a pity to be broil- j mg himself in Peru. I never could understand the ta°te for orchids; and in his case—well, I hardly believe in it. He is the last man to emulate a Hooker or a Lawrence. _ Orchid hunting must he an excuse for keeping away from England I take it. Don't you think so, now, Mrs. Disney ?" " I really don't know." "You don't know why he should want to keep away. No, no more does anybody else. Only wis all wonder, don't you know. He talked to me of settling down in the county looking after the estate a little. ' He even hinted that he mighb in due course cast about for a nice young wife—with a little money. And then ail of a sudden off he sails m that rakish yacht of his and roves from port to port like the Elying Dutchman in the opera, till at laBfc w6 hear of him on the coa3t of Pexu. Curious, ain't it, Mrs. Disney ?" "Why curious?' asked Isola coldly. | "Was nob Lord Lostwibhiel always fond of; yachting ?" ,, , "No doubt; but when a man talks ot settling down in his native place—and then doesn't do it—there must be a reason, mustn t there? ,, , "I don't know. People act as often from caprice as from reaBon." . " Ah, that is a lady's idea. No man who _ia worthy the name ever acts from caprice,' said Mr. Crowther, with his insinuating air, as if some hidden meaning were in the words, and I then looking across the table and seeing the | colonel's watchful face he altered both tone and ( manner as he added, " Of course you know Losbwithiel, Colonel Disney 7' , "I saw a good deal of Lord Losbwithiel when he was a small boy," answered the colonel coldly. "His father was one of my early friends. But that is a long time ago." "Ho wold is he, do you say?" _ ... "Debrett will answer that question better than I can. I have never reckoned the years that have gone by since I saw-him m his Eton collar." ,, . The men did not sit long over their wine. The doctor and his host talked agriculture, Mr. Crowther discussing all farming operations upon a largo scale as a man of territorial magnitude. The vicar prosed about an approaching lecfcur© at fchs schoolroom and j utterly failed in hearing anything that was said to him. Colonel Disney smoked a cigarette in silence and with a moody brow. Later, in the drawing-room, while the Crowther girls were playing a very noisy duet by the last new Sclavonic composer, "Vansittarb Crowther directed his conversation almost wholly to Mrs. Disney, as if she were the only person worthy of his attention# He w»*s ruli of suggestions for future gaieties in which the Disneys went to share—picnics, boating patties. "You must help us to wake up the neigh borhood, colonel," he said, addressing Dinney with easy friendliness. "We are not very likely to be of much assistance to you in thab line, Disney an swered coldly. "We are humdrum stay-ivt home people, my wife and I, and take our pleasures on a very small scale." Colonel Disney's carriage was announced^ aA thiB moment. He gave his wife a look which plainly indicated his wish to depart and she rose quickly from the low, deep chair in which she had been sitting in some manner a captive while Mr. Crowther leaned over the broad, plush-cushioned arm to talk to her. Allegra was engrossed in a talk about William Morris s last poem with Mr. Colfox, who was delighted to converse with any one fresh from the far away world of arb and literature—delighted altogether with Allegra, whose whole being presented a piquant uuuu.j; _ u; cue JS> ■) Crowthers. Bub the colonel's sister saw the movement towards departure and hastened to her brother's side. Briefest adieux followed and the first of the guests being gone a general uneasiness fell upon those whose carriages had been ordered half an hour later. _A single early departure will cast a withering blight upon your small and dull party; whereas from a scene of real mirth the nine muses and three graces might all slip away unmissed and nn« observed. ( To le continued.) 