LOCAL A1TO GENERAL, Hobart and the towns of Oat-lands and Bothwell. 6hiffino Mabteqb’ F ees.—The amount of fees received by the shipping master at Hobart from July 1 to September 8C £18 4a fid. assessment Rolls.—The supplementary assessment roll for the Municipality of Sorell is published in to-day’s Gaieffe, as also is the assessment roll for the District of Selby. Agricultural Society’s Show.—The public offices will be dosed to-morrow week, the day fixed for the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Society's Show at New Town. L ocal L abor.—In th e City Council yesterday Alderman Bradley made an explanation in reference to a remark he made about Mr Gheverton and tbe employment of persons residing at a distance Mr Cbeverion had since seen him, and made a perfectly satisfactory statement regard to the carving done a t the robot Bishop Montgomery, but be bod ascertained th at his opinions were correct, the carving having been done by person! brought from a distwoe. T hb F cobrab CottwCri..—^ M t respect to th e hbldihg ef the next session of the Federal Council in Hobart during the Uatteraon) on the .object, to which Mr Patterson replied, I have »iied the Other members of the Standing Committee on the question or holding a summer session; have also wired New South Wales and South Australia drawing attention to yoor correspondence respecting coming in. N ew N orfolk H ospital for Inbanx.— We understand that Dr p'Brienj.qssistant Bouse Surgeon a t the General Hospital, hak be&n; &ppoihted; successor to the late Dr. Crampton in the New Norfolk Asylum. Bams Rxtubnb.—The quarterly returns of the Bank of Australasia, the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, thb Commerrial Bank. Of Tasmania, Limited, aud the National Mnuk of Tasmania, Limited, are published Into to-day's Qaseitt. Court <3f R equests'.—■We ,are informed (fiat judgment summonses will be heard to- inorrow a t i l o'clock a t the Mayor's Court-room, Town Hall. Meteorology.—The following meteorological observations in Hobart and Launceston are taken from a s abstract for the month of September, 1803, prepared by the Meteorological Observer (Mr H. C. Kingsm ill): — Barometer — me^nt Hobart, 29*002ins; Launceston, 29*941ins. Thermometer — extreme maximum, Hobart, 77*0deg8, Launceston 68*Ode^s ; extreme minimum: Hobart,87*Odegs; Launceston, 3l*0degs; mean, dry: Hobart, 62 9degs, Launceston, 53*&degs; mean, wet*. Bobart, 48‘Sdegs; Launceston, 60'1 de.B. Hu‘ midity—Dewpoint, mean, Hobart, 43*?deg9; Launceston, 46*70degB; elastic force of vapor: Hobart, *y39degs; Launceston, *&)9degs; relative humidity: Hobart, frdags; Lahnoerton, *7fidegs. Condensation—No. of days rain, Hobart, 14; Launceston, 161 rein in inches, Hobart, 1*62, Launceston, 8*83, Vital Statistics.—The following is the Government Statistician's report on tbe vital statistics of the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston for September, 1603:—During the month of September, 173 births—105 males and 68 females— registered in the Registration districts of Hobart and Launceston. Thia shows an increase of C births as compared with the corresponding month last year, and an increase of 13*00 os compared wr1*1' the average of tbe births registered September daring tbe last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of tbe population of the two districts the proportions of births registered were as follows:—For Hobart, 3 03; for Launceston, 8*04; all, 8*03. The deaths registered in September, in Hobart and Launceston, numbered 111— 76 males and 83 females: 28 deaths, <r 26*28 per cent, of the whole, took place ii public institutions. The total number of deaths legists edin the two districts during September, 1893, shows an increase of 6, as compared with the corresponding month last year, and shows an increase of 11*60, as compared with the average number of deaths registered in September during the last five-yearly period To every 1000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportions of deaths registered Were ar follows:—Hobart,2*25; Launceston, 1*47; all, 1*95. The deaths under five yearn of age numbered 4l, or 36 93 per cent., of which 24 ware under 1 year of age ; the deaths between 5 and 65 years of age numbered 45, or 40 54 per cent.; and the deaths 66 years and upwards numbered 26, or 22*63 per cent. Of the 111 deaths registered during September, 111 actually occurred daring the month of September. The total deaths registered up to the present timh as having actually occurred during August amount to 9S (60 in H obait and 88 in Launceston), which is 7 less than the number of deaths registered during that month, irrespective of date of actual occur­ rence. Rb-abrbst of W oods.—The man John Woods, who lately escaped from the Hobart Gaol, was re-arrested this mornin- Constable Gadd at the Fern Tree He «>•"»» to the house occupied by Gadd at the Springs turn-off and asked for food, There be was recognised and immediately taken into custody. He stated th at be had been wandering about the gullies Mount Wellington and those parts of the city near the Cascades, managing to obtain food and shelter by begging. On one occasion he was seen in Thomas street and -recognised. He managed efecape, however, only to be re-arrested this morning. He stated th a t he broke away from the Government Gardens gang because he did not consider th at his sentence was a just one. He was undergoing sentence as an idle and disorderly person, and contends th at he was not such b ut wai packing legitimate employment at the time he was taken in charge. Accidents.—Charles Holmerwas treated a t the General Hospital yesterday for inju ries'to the stomach, caused by being kicked by a horse. The violence of the kick was such as to cause a great amount of pain and inconvenience. William Linnell was treated a t the same institution this morning for a wounded hand caused by .a blow. T bkperance H all.—A musical entertainment in aid of the fund for the repairs to St. Joseph’s Church was given last evening a t the Temperance Hall by a party of lady and gentlemen amateurs, consisting of songs, recitations, and a portion of Sheridan's comedy “ The Rivals," when there was a fair attendance. The programme contained 12 items all of which were gone through with success, the audience evidently appreciating the efforts of the artista to please. The first item vocal trio by Messrs Roper, Mulcshy, andd O’Brien, " Ye shepherds tell me," Mr gave “ The skipper ” and ** The boys of England,” and was deservedly applauded. Mr Sidebottom sang bis humorous song, “ I woe one of them,” following which Mis* Maher gave " At the castie gate” most effectively. “ The bridge of sighs " was a recitation, well delivered by Mr J. Hynes, the well knows pathetic passages of Hood’s famous poem finding considerable appreciation. Mrs Lovett gave two songs, "Douglas Gordon” and “ Eato Kearney," both of which were duly applauded. A duet _ by Misses Maher aud Reynolds entitled "Hym n to the Moravian Nuns," was exoellently given, the music being soft and impressive, and was accorded a large amount of encouragement. Mr Jacobs gave a humorous song, “ The ghost of Benjamin Binns," which was also well received, and following this Mr Keating’s recitation, " How we beat the favorite," showed considerable ability in handling bis subject. The concluding item on the programme was two sceneB from “ T he Rivals" (in scene 4, and act v. scene 8), where Bob Acres, who is in love with Lydia Languish, follows her to hath, and there discovers that one Ensign Beverley is likely to become a successful rival for tbe favors of the fain-one. A t the instigation of Sir Lucius GTrigger, a remarkably warlike Individual, be sends this rival a challenge and entrusts the same to his friend Captain Absolute to deliver, not knowing that this party is the veritable Ensign Beverley himself. The amusing scenes were well carried out by Messrs IL Shirley, as' Bob Acres, J. Glee son os Sir Lucius 0 Trigger, F. HcPartUn as Captain Absolute, A. Stuart as Falkland, F. Banks as David, E. Hacnamara as the servant. The recitation,"How we Beat the Favorite," and the two songs of Mrs Lovett were features of the concert, with the song of " The Skipper," by Mr Hacnam&ra; and Mr Bidebottom’s comic songs. At the conclusion a distribution of a number of articles of a useful nature took place. L aksbqwnr Crescent I nstitute,—The annual mooting of the shareholders of the Lsnadowne Crescent Institute Company was held last evening, a fair number being present. The report and balance-sheet presented showed the profit and lose account to have a balance of £34 1 Is fid receipts over expenditure. Tbe total assets of tbe Company are £1218 16a lid. and the liabilities, £191 8s fid, leaving a balance pt £1027 18s 6d. The retiring directors, Messrs Freeny, Snowden, and Bidencope were re-elected.andtheanditora, Messrs Bering and Pitman were also reelected. A conversational discussion ensued as to the prospects of the Company, a vote of tiiAnfcs to the Chairman (Mr E. Snowden) bringing the meeting to a dose. Opera.—'We would remind intending patrons that tbe " Gondoliers" will be produced to-night in the Town Hall, and that owing to th e length of the opera the overture will be played a t 7.46. THEATRE Royal.—1"Across the Continent” ires repeated a t the Theatre Royal last evening, and proved in every way successful. The prologue .was a powerful appeal in the interests of temperaneb, the degradation, ruin, and misery entailed .by the excessive use of intoxicants being forcibly set’forth, and tbat, too, without any of those surroundings which often produce a feeling of disgust. The drama itself was capably presented, those taking part vising with each ojklier in, setting forth their characters, yet the whole was harmonious story. Mr Alfred Woods was excellent, whether as tbe ruined merchant or “ The Ferret,” while Mr H. N. Douglas as a publican, and afterwards as a genteel scoundrel, thoroughly deserved the groans with which hia apjjearanbe were greeted later on In the play; Wise Austen Eliot capably filled the dual parts of AgneB Constant, the ruined merchant's wife, and Louise, his daughter, appearing-more a t home in the latter. &)isB Ada Lee is very amusing as Bridget O'Dwyer „. d effective as.the Italian street singer, Dolores, and. well merited the applause bestowed upon her. Mr Poulton and M r Overton contributed the lighter shades of the drama, and were thoroughly successful in tbeir efforts. Tbe remaining members of tbe oompany filled their parte effectively. To-night« The Octoroon " is to be staged. Orpheus Club Concert.—Owing no doubt to the number of counter attractions last evening, there was not a very large audience at the Union Chapel Schoolroom, when the members of ths Orpheus Club 1T© one of their papular ooncerte. Tbe , Bion Chapel Workers’ Guild Fund was the object for which the entertainment was held. Tbe programme was a -choice and varied one, *nd was listened to in an appreciative manner. The Club orchestra opened with an ture entitled •* Semiramide," and the second part with the “ Gipsies Life,” also selections from the ” Gondoliers" and the dance "Titania,” deserving all the applause which followed tbeir items. The olub, with their usual well-known skill and ability, gav& the chorus *• Oarpovale,” and part-song 41 The Chapel,” and ” W hat bee is," receiving an ovation. Miss Paton “ When the lights are low " in pleasing manner, and was als heard i marked advantage in fhe song For the old love’s sake ” Mr Eric Burgess was at home in *' N dum,” and received well - merited applause for “ Vive la compauie,” he being in capital voice. Mr T. G. Lovett sang “ Whisper, and I shall hear ” in a manner that called forth approval, the chorus which was arranged by Mr W. C _________ _ usual conducted, and Mrs Elth&m; gave every satisfaction a t the piano. P eople’s P opular Concerts. — The weekly people’s popular concerts are becoming recognised as quite an institution in the city, and the programmes eagerly watched for and perused. The next concert takeB place in tbe Temperance Hp.ll to-morrow evening, the programme for which is published in another column, and we* refer our readers to it as being one of exceptional quality, and well worthy the patronage of all lovers of good music and a refined entertainment a t popular prices. H obart Ath letic C lub.—Acomplimen tary entertainment for the benefit of M r Harry Miller is to take place at the Hobart Athletic Club ou Wednesday, the 18th in st, when a first-class programme of athletics is to be presented. St. D avid’s L iteracy Society.—The final meeting of this Society is to be held in St. David's schoolroom this evening, when a number of papers are to be read, and songs and recitations given. 