? Show. Bijou. Auction. . Waterloo. Watching. Steenology. Footballers. No forecast. Cold breeze. Speeoh Day. Seoond sight. Sleeping out,. Organ reoltaL* Bids for office. Silver, 3s. 2|d.; Rehabilitation. \ Midday service.^. Candid Frenchman Waxworks still open. Charity never faileth. Substantial sympathy. Advioe to the Speaker. " Hail, Smiling Mom." Opening the floodgates. Giffen, 5 wickets for 89. v Run on American Banks. Economy the watohword. Rest, quiet, and 1 Fine weather for long \ Feather in Lord OromerVxmp. A kind of Lord Mayorfa Sbow-J Labour member*' tongues <^ua|u An ornate production, of corns* • Great possibilities of imflllllMI ^ Ins and ants game to begin nov Wonders never cease at the Bij| ML Village settlement acbemee gal4 (9. Taxation not to be interfered wiiA. Mr. T. W. Lyons' oonoert to-nl^ht. Suicidal rats—eating wedding 4 aba. Barometer atl o'clook to-day, .30'16. Masonic Cinderella to- morrow nighA 'Tis better to let the well (wine) elans. The famous actor, Edwin Boot! t, is dea4L Financial adjustment the first & reatwodc. Dossing down in the Exhibition sheep pent. Drawn game, with a great ad vs ntaga to on boys. Royal compliments no match! for the ia fiuenza. * Members must first lean to trespeot oat another. British rule in Egypt defended«by a Itad . journalist. Parliament to be opened to-dtiigr, bat noi with a key. "Talking women" in Adelaide- Tows Hall to-morrow. } Gymnastic demonstration Exhib ition Build*. ing to-night. Like most young communities, As ustralia baa gone too fast. ' How would a Government Department of Industry do? Organ recital by Mr. W. XL Jm:ke in Town Hall to-night. How many rats survived thai feast of wedding cake? " - "Big doings" at Ae Town BUI fac to, morrow evening. Send along your subscriptions fat the destitute work-seekete. The Assembly must win baok th« publio regard for the House. Too bad of that printer to call if he Tribune' Sir John Bright." Mr. T. Adoock had to fight for tbeiChmbui Endeavour Society. Union Parliament published -thlj'r. Opening Speech in advance. * ; They will start filling np tbe virgin pages of " Hansard" to-day. Is that fog over the alignment ofl the sheets confined to Adelaide ? Savings" will be discussed at ilia Sociofogioal Society to-night. Mr. Jude takes off the " fops," but just look at his linen and locks. Pastor Adoock doesn't wish ^isyChnxsh to become a debating society. A wretched night to spend without a blaafcat in the old Exhibition Grounds. A Ishart speeoh will open the Iball. Reporters hope it is a good omen. There was a little of the French indicia!, system about that tale of Green's, i The Hellers were clever roystiiiaaa, but are eolipeed by Mr. and Mr*, dteea., Now, Kirk, you mustn't mfrid if Ufa Governor keeps on his Windsor ha fc. Dr. Emily JS. Ryder assisted fayl&O;, Orientals" at Town Hall to morroar. Rev. Joseph Berry's qervioe at E'irie-strest Church to-day from 12.45 to 1.80 mo. Working men's blocks liave *:no doobt sensibly mitigated the present euffe oing. t "Indigestion drops" bad a good < free adver-, tisement from Mrs. Steen last evens eg. Sun rose at 7.5 a.m.t sett at; 4.51 pas. Moon rose at midnight; set at 0.49 jp-m. The question that most puzzles the Treasurer—' 'How shall I raise the « rind I" General Viscount Wolseley, Oomi oander-ia- Chief in Ireland, was 60 years old < m Jpne 4. The first Masonic dance for the i easop will be held in the Albert Hall to-morrof r evening. e The Sentham-atreet Church ia evidently tired of "doubtful disputations" ihat dent edify. The Premier intpeobed the Iftrhittfcsi Grounds last night, and wasn't td can for ghost Have the Government a - idea to John Gordon's in ngud to th| > Qirfa^ Bank? Australia, first innings, 470. 1 'oiksbire, first innings, 220, and seoond 19|/ foe rix wiukets. John Gordon won't be in Parliami ent to-day —detained in Victoria on urgent k private business. "Our palatial House of Aaaeojibly and not any longer oompete unfairly with ih« theatres." Fancy a detective constable having great ia- . fiuetace in the Supreme Court? Ra tber thin, Mr. Green. " Macbeth as a Moral Study"—I Kibjeefrof R*v. J. Day Thompson's discourse ti >nigbt at the University. Norgrove has mistaken bis oocapa tiaa. He ought to be a lawyer or a book fiend with his o&torical; talent. The Duke of York, who is to be a larried to Princess May on July 6, was tw| inky-eight yearn old on June % Why not open the Old TSrfMhifcini,, Building at night with two or three big fires— frearaon would surely supply the oaal? To Bottle the surplus labour oa ti be land it at present (he aim of thoughtful pub! to jnen>tB all the colonies," and a noble aim, tot 3. There is a deal of the beat side (>f human nature displayed by South Anstraliims when tho cry of the distressed reaches theic «ais. With liberality of spirit worthy . of much imitation, the SteenswOlca Fridays -weak at the Bijou give a benefit m aid of that Adelaide Hospital. , If all the members woifc solely for -Ibe^raod of the country, there will be no reori minatory speeches, and no whining to the * dectoce— " Twasn't me; 'twas some cue else." The Freemasons of ana determined that their lady friends *b* U- themselves to-morrow evening, wben SRi of their popular danoee will tdce plaae,. , Before going into another m otoctsUa slumber, think of the poor fellows 1 cold ground. Then at the tot c hurry into the Besfister offioe wofc ^ Vdoitr tion to the Unemployed Fund, Anofwann tlie poor aad sad atf With tope's cebstWta; Induce the rtah at onee to clan 'Xhe means to help the wooing And confidwcefiupire. ~ sr&e.; OBIT.—This eighth day of the alx( b moetfe is the anniversary of the death of tfcs • otorioa* Tom Paine—I beg his memoiy's pard Thomas Paine, in 1809. Hewas the, sonata quiker, wm bom in Norfolk in £f 37, brought up as a staymaker, became s man, made the acquaintance of Dr. ] went to America, became Editor; oC tin Philadelphia Magazine, and by hia i«Sgoro*i appeals on behalf of the "rights of ) became eminently pog bringing abo dence. But his old age, is a pitiable dis§i«y ti coarse invective, intense egotism, an&i; illogical attacks upon revealed religion. Tbirily years before its publication JSUcaaa Watson* traa introduced to him at Nantej aad in hi i "Men and Times," he says:—" 1 conld not iuprose the deepest emotions of gratitude torn ids him as the instrument of Prondeooe in aooel tenting the declaration of our indapendeaoe, In it I was mortified at his filthy appearsnna W" seemly address. On bis arrival tbe MffW and B0IT16 of the most distingnjaWI fVWpn of Nantes waited upon him, at acted as interpreter. . . . On to for the loan of a clean <duf* I. to bim frankly ' of his dfety anoe, and with muoh entreaty,;. __ him to stew tar an htwr « . C t i 