A MYSTERIOUS JOKER; It is now nearly half-a-century since the inhabitants of London and its suburbs were-kept in a constant state of terror by a man,-who, under various disguises, would suddenly appear before the unsuspecting pedestrian, and, after having nearly frightened the traveller out of his or her senses, would as suddenlydisappear with terriblebounds. Evening was the time generally chosen by this eccentric character for his exploits, and doubtless there are many living who can recollect the pang of fear which shot through, their hearts when, leaping from some dark corner, out of a doorway, or over a hedge, he stood before them. Who this singular .being was, or what was the true object of his escapades, can only be left to conjecture. as he was never captured. Certain it is that robbery was not the motive, for he was never known to take a single coin from his victims, even when fright had made them an easy prey, nor did he often practise iany oth~lr degree of cruelty beyond scaring them, which, however, was quite sufficient, as in some instances the s~ufferers' never thoroughly recovered the shock to their nerves The only surmise as to his- identity that was hazarded was that lie wiras the Marquis of, Waterford-then': fai'oiii as a ringleader in all that savoured of fun and frolic-but not a shadow :of proof could be ever adduced in support of this theory. The more general be lief appears to have been that, there were several persons concerned in the affair; that they were members of high families; and that the cause of their pranks was a bet of three thousand pounds that they would procure the death of not less than thirty ?human beings, apportioning them with nice discrimination as follows: Eight old bachelors, ten old maids, and six lady's maids, and as many servants-girls as they could, trusting that by depriving them of their reason the would accele rate their deaths. This is of course incredible, but the chief clerk of the Mansion-House police-court, in a letter to the newspapers, said it was so repor ted to a committee that' was formed by the Lord Mayor-for the pur-. pose of tracking and prosecuting the scoundrels. It was in the latter end of 1837,, at Barnes, that the ghost made its first appearance in the shape of a large: white bull, attacking several persons,: more particularly women, many of whom suffered most severely from the, fright. At East Sheen, in the form of a white bear, the alleged spirit earried on similar gambols. -His ghostship then extended his operations to the town renowned for " maids of honour." and in the course of a few days all Richmond was aghast at the tales of women being frightened to death and of children being torn to pieces by him. The search after the unearthly visitant was here becoming too warm for him, and he shifted the scene of his labours to Ham, Kingston, and_ Hampton,.?at which latter place he was seen, clad in armour made of brass, with spring shoes, and large claw-like-gloves, but being hotly pursued he scaled the walls of Bushey Park and vanished. Ted dington, Twickenham, and Hounslow, all had stories to tell of his appearance, and in Sion Park, the seat of the Duke of Northumberland, many and fearful were'the injuries said to have been inflicted by him. At Isleworth a. car penter was seized at eleven o'clock at night, and most unmercifully beaten by the ghost, who was attired in- polished steel armour, with red shoes,.. etc. It must be noted what an `exceedingly varied wardrobe this sprite must have had, rendering it very difficult, one would think, for him to move, with such extensive properties, with alacrity from place to place. The neighbourhood of Uxbridge was the next scene of his pranks, and he approached the metropolis through Hanwell, Brentford, and Ealing in which last place he was seen in steel armour, striking terror into the inmates of the various schools located there, and frightening the blacksmith of the village so completely as to forc him to keep his bed in consequence of the shock he sustained. At Hammersmith he found a determined opponent in the shape of a valorous laundress, to whlom he appeared in the shape of an immense baboon, six feet high, -with enormous eyes, and arms of an extensive length and, in strict keeping with his animal appearance; he grunted like an hyenas This courageous woman, after an in effectual attempt to avoid her uncanny visitor, determined to give him battle, and flew at him with such fury that he was glad to give up the contest. .Even the royal precincts of Kensington Place did not escape from his visits, children having seen the unearthly being dan ing by.moonlight on the Palace Green and ever and anon scaling-the walls of the royal forcing-houses. In consequence of the panic attend ing these exaggerated stories, the p6lice had strict orders to investigate their truth, but were unable in the majority of cases to trace any person who had really seen the apparition. That there was mischief afoot, however, was clearly shown by the applications at the Man sion House and other police-courts for protection. Letters poured ::into the Mansion House from all parts of' Lon don, showing how universal was the terror which had been inspired by this masquerading miscreant. A committee was formed at the Mansion House in January, 1838, for the purpose of receiving subscriptions, and to decide upon the best means of capturing this uneasy spirit, and of visiting it with the punishment it so richly deserved. A reward of ten pounds was offered for the apprehen sion of the heartless scoundrel, but unhappily it completely failed in its object, and the perpetrator of the ghastly "joke" continued to be at large Not confining himself to the crowded parts of the metropolis, he made the suourbs his hunting-ground, and terror ized both sides of the Thames to such an extent that but few females would venture out after dark without suffi cient escort. He visited Blackham in. a truly novel and marvellous manner Three ladies were crossing the heath at about 6 o,clock, when they suddenly came upon a mysterious figure before them, and as the lamps had been lit for some time, they had a good view of it. The monster, they said, had a phos phoric lustre, showed tremendous long ears, horns, and tail like those of a bul lock. One of the ladies fell diiwn in a fit, and the other two had resort to that potent weapon in the female armoury, a good scream, which promptly brought a policeman to their assistance, and on his bold advance, the apparation threw itself over his head and disapeare4 on the heath, during which gymnastic per formance, it was said, the hooks or springs on his heels were distinctly visible. Having alarmed the dwellers on the south side-of the Thames, so as nearly to deprive them of their senses, he again crossed the water, and appeared to a party of people near Holloway in the guise of a bear. Here, he met with a reception he hardly contemplated, for there being a brickfield handy, the men of the party treated him to a showei of brick--a mode of treatment which he by no means relished, and which in duced him to beat a hasty retreat. Hackney was favoured with an ex traordinitry ?iskionofo-thiis maniy-shaped intruder on the public peace, for he ap peared, as the story runs, in the shape of a lamplighter walking on his head s, ahands, and carryinglis, ladd..r be tween his feet, to whichl was suspended a lantern of large dimensions, amply lightt-d. And this curious creature, on being approached, somersaulted so high that those who saw it were utterly as tonishedl. But this, surely, is more than even the most credulouu ought to be expected to swallow, and the story must have been mnanufacturedl to feed the public taste for the tnarrellous. Whether too much aftieh'n io! t be ginning to be paid to his capture, or whether his love of mischief had died out or not, cannot be told, but certain it was that nothing, publily.was know of this sinfular lieing after-Apri', 1838, having kept London in a ferment of terror and excitement for ahout six months. The foregoing are only a few stories. veraciousorotherwise, that were related of him. 