CAMP BUDGET. By Shaugheaun. The erroneous notions that a high order of intellegeuce is not to be found in the camp, seems to have taken strong hold in the minds of many people, who regard the rambler as one entirely destitute of those moral and intellectual attributes that mark the busy units in the seething hives of humanity. The general, and un reasoning condemnation of the Shaughraun by many unco guitl folk springs from the notions that- intellectual and moral excellence is incompatible with the conditions of bush life. How far that proposition is true can be readily seen by all who read the lives of Australia's most gifted sons. True business ability is rarely found in the busliman, but when we look around us and see the wrecks of mammons temples in Marvellous Melbourne to-day, we are not at all inclined to rail over out lot in not being endowed with that commercial genius that would land us either in Paradise or Hades, and keep on re versing our positions by way of change. True, a life of ease and independence with the power to satisfy certain wants best calculated to assist in the development of any particular gift, may bring that gift out the more thoroughly, and it is this fact and its results that is accountable for the false impression that social distinctions have their corresponding mental and moral differences. The above introduction is not designed to clear the way for the establishment of proofs that one of genius is about to say something ex- traodinary, but to remove any possible prepossession against anything coming from the camp. It ought not to be necessary to de fine a Shaughraun, but for tbe sake of making all clear in the beginning, it means one who leads a roving life. Nor am I to be regarded as the sole author of all this matter. I am the critic of the camp, to' whom is referred all poetry, philosophy, and politics for criticisms and comment. Stump grubbing, tree-felling, and pick and shovel work are matters under the direct supervision of another person, whose position I do not at all envy. But as poetry is the highest art, aud the poet necessarily the highest on the scale of genius, his roamings must be the first to receive consideration. All day long he has been prowling about the hills with a look of fine poetic frenzy in his rolling eyes; and after dinner sat down to commit to paper the following nightmare. He is much better after his riddance of it. Then listen : — THE SQUATTER'S LAMENT. I. Here I sit with whisky in my glass, For, oh ! mv heart is sick, and sore my brain ; Sighing for good times gone, and which, alas! Show promise never to return again. In icy breath along the open plain, Keen edged with sleet, the winds of winter blow ; I cry and sigh say not, I hope in vain For those grand times of twenty years ago. II. T hear the tinkle of the cattle bell. My neighing steeds, the bleating of mysheep; They nswl to make my bosom proudly swell, But now they only give the cue to weep. For when at night, I lay me down to sleep, Calm, meditating, in the silent gloom. The ghost of Unionism seems to leap And cut fantastic round my room. III. Oli, Heavens! when I remember but the least Of glorious scenes that channc-d my early life. When it was but our sheep, not we, were fleeced And broken in this most inglorious strife. It stings me to the heart's core like a knife — No dagger ever pierced with such a throe ; Threats and deeds of plunder were not rife Twenty golden years ago. IV. How swiftly flowed the golden tide of wealth Thro' vistas shimmering with burnished gold ! But Legislation steals with treacherous stealth. | To snatch t lie golden treasure from our hold ; I And Unionism of tyrannic mould I.ifls up its boggard head 10 dioor the blow. Which, faithless as Isearior of old, 'Wrecks all our ib-cams of twenty years ago. V. 'Tis solemn midnight as I gently drain My last Loch Dhu : F1I try to meeland pray That Heaven will send our wonted drink — champagne, To chase our present gloom an! fears away. Oh ! for the glories of a bygone day. Aye. glorious, but tantalizingly so ! Would Heaven but let nie cLoose my bliss, I'd say — Such as Thou gave us twenty years ago. The political economist has handed to me an essay, which must be dis cussed at our next meeting. 