NOTES OF TRAVEL. _ No ii. (By Rev. W. G. Taylob.) Red Sea (near to Mount Sinai.) June 24, '93. Wednesday, June 14, will always have lo be marked by me with a red letter. The day was spent -amid the ex citement of Colombo. Never shall I forget our approach to the shores of Ceylon. 'Twas at sunrise, and all along the low lying coast we could distinguish the coeoanut trees and houses. The ' Spicy Breezes,' were not in evidence, as the wind blew from the sea. At 7 a.m. we rounded the magniflcant break water, built within the last 15 years at a cost of £20,000. That long line of concrete has meant death to Point de Galle, which — 15 years ago the chief port of Ceylon, is now little beyond a fishing village. Colombo, on the other hand, has developed to a city of 130,000 inhabitants, with a commerce, the figures of which are startling in their proportions. In tea alone, 80,000,000 lbs are annually exported from this port. Were I writing for a business paper, I might furnish many particulars of more than passing interest. Take one fact as a specimen. The railway from Col ombo to Kandy — built at a cost of £2000 per mile, has paid the entire cost of its construction, and to-day helps the revenue of the colony to the extent of 10 per cent on its gross working ex penses. COMMEB.CE TO THE WINDS. But ' Commerce to the winds.' To day we are on pleasure bent, if pleasure be possible amid such surroundings. The anchor has not touched the ground 'ere hundreds of craft of every conceiv able variety surround the ship, chief among the fleet being the catamarans of the natives, with remarkable outrigger on the port side. How such frail structures can carry so many men, and such quantities of fruit, without ' going under,' is a puzzle we are not able to solve. . But what yells and cries from the throats of the crowds climbing on board! whilst in the water, sitting astride their extemporized boats. — three pieces of light wood, lashed together with coeoanut fibre, and propelled by pieces of split bamboo, the owners legs, hanging in the water — are scores of boys, or imps, which ? Shall we ever get the din of their ' dive, dive, dive,' out of our ears ? Pitch in a sixpence, and in a moment two dozen pair of black legs appear in the air, and below water there is a fight for that coin, the victor coming up all grinning. Not having pockets in which to place their ; gains, they pack them behind their teeth. Here comes one young rascal climbing hand over fist right out the giddy awning over our heads, and for 'sixpence, gen'men,' down he flies right into the sea below. But, oh, what a bedlam is let loose all round us ! Here are native washermen weo offer to take your soiled linen, and have it done up in West London style and delivered on board, 'ere you sail , at night, and they did it too. During the day we saw probably hundreds of these fellows at work up to the middle of their wastes in the magnificent Colombo lake. Here come the tailors, with patterns and measuring tape. In all directions they look for orders. Eor ourselves, we order three, tropical suits, which are delivered in good order — good fit ,aB well — a little after tea, at a cost of £1. Had we known the native style of busi ness as well in the morning as at night we might have secured the lot for 20 per cent, less. But beware, here come hordes of born rascals, the native jewellers and curiostiy mongers. Woe betide the sweet innocent whose stan dard of human nature is that of the ordinary Englishman. A lady informs me that she paid £8 for lace that, she could have got for half that price. Look at this black rascal — what honesty in that eye — what candour in his every utterance ! ' Do you want a ring, Sir? A real beauty, best gold — just look . at those moonstones. You don't often see the like. Can't tell you its worth. But I'm prepared to sacrifice it for ,25s. You'll never get such a chance again, Sir, never; never.' Within a quarter of an hour, the impudent fellow dis poses of his treasure for eighteen -pence — and it is dear at the price. Here is another who pleads for £3 3s. for a piece of stuff, that ultimately he coolly Bells for 5s. But look. Here sits a snake charmer, whose reptiles wriggle to the excruciating scream of a native lute. One thing is evident, the ear of the Indian cobra has not been delicately educated. ON SHOBE. As soon as is possible we push our way through the crowd and are off. to shore. And what a day we have to be sure ! We form a party, hire carriages, and a guide, a decent native— a Roman Catholic — who acts the part of Eer gusson to perfection. During the1 day we drive to the Musueki, spend some time in the lovely cinnamon gardens, and drive out, through numerous, native villages, to Mount Lavinid, about eight miles distant. Certainly we add to our knowledge — especially of human nature — this day. What crowds of men, women, and children, what variety of dress, and we might add, of undress. What a babel of tongues, Singalese, Tamil, Portuguese, and many another language. And what comical vehicles, the common ox- cart covered with cOcoa .matting, and driven by almost naked natives, who manage their lilliputian oxen with wonderful dexterity, the family waggons, holding father, mother, and youngsters, packed together in the smallest possible space, the official dog carts, and last, yes at last, the peculiar Jinridishaw — a sort of diminutive hkn som cab, with the driver turned into the horse. And don't the fellows run ? What matters it if the sun is just warm enough to boil one's blood, off they go at a trot which they keep up for miles, and think their fortune is made if you give them a rupee — Is 4d, for three hours running. TEMPLES. One of the most interesting visits of the day is to the principal Buddist Temple of this part of Ceylon. It is situated in a dirty village called G,ol kissa (the spelling is my own.) And its whole surroundings are — to speak mildy — seedy. We are put into ; the hands o£ the Temple-keeper, who — for a consideration — is prepared to show us the lions of the place. The whole thing is a disappointment — buil- dings old and ugly. I wonder are there any new heathen temples in these lands ? First we are taken under the shades of Buddha's holy tree, no leaf of which any Buddhist is ever known to pluck. 'Within the Temple we are iutroduced to Buddha himself — an ugly old fellow, 22 feet in length, with great staring glass eyes. He is built of stone, and is lying upon his side, and his vast surface in a style of art sufficiently horrible to rouse the ghost of any average artist, even of the pre-Eaphael age. His god ship is kept comfortably ensconced within a glass case. Beyond, we are introduced to a pictorial . edition of Buddha's holy teaching, Of all the grotesque, gruesome, absurd things we have ever seen, these representations of the 186 hells of thife religion would win the blue ribbon. Here we have separate hells for people who steal, commit sacri lege, are unkind to their parents, who whip their wives, catch fish — yes, and actually a separate hell for people toho kill fleas and bugs. We get a glimpse, also, into Buddha's six heavens. One wonders as we stand at the littleness of the faith of Buddha as to the results of his own teaching. Six heavens (and not big ones) enough for all the good folk, and 136 hells scarcely enough for the naughty. 'We visit the preaching house, where, at time of service, the women sit on the floor within and the men look in through the windows from without. But enough of this. We come away with a heart both sad and glad — sad that so many millions of our race can rest satisfied with a system whose m ost attractive representation we have before us, and sadder still as we think of many of our own country people who — even as a passing fad — are throwing Christi anity overboard for this strange religion of Buddha ; but' glad of soul for the wondrous teachings of Calvary, and gladder still that Christ of God is our Saviour and King. WESLEYAN' MISSION'S. Towards evening a Methodist lady from Adelaide and I . each hire a jinrickshaw, and oft' we go to Colpeth, . to visit the Wesleyan Mission premises. We feel ashamed of ourselves sitting in state thus in our carriage and being pulled along by our Jehu. Our only comfort is that everybody does it, and that the man would only be too pleased to keep going the whole day. We are courteously received by the Eev. Mr. Eigby, who gives us much information as to climate, and as to the progress of the work. The missionaries' bungalow is a substantial house, furnished with elegance. (Our colonial circuit stewards would do well to pay Colpeth a visit to gain ideas for the furnishing of their ministers' houses.) We are taken through the Mission Compound, through the girls' boarding school, the vernacular schools, get a glimpse of the extensive printing press, and enter the pulpit of the church. Here six preaching services are held every Sunday, and are con ducted in four languages. We gather that in the Colombo district there are to-day some 1485 members— Singalese, Tamil, Portuguese and English — not a large number, considering that the mission has' been in existence nearly 80 years. But the difficulties of the work are great. Within the church one thing touches us much. Of the four tablets on the walls three are erected to the memory of missionaries' wives: — one the wife of an old Richmond friend, Eev. E. Tebb. ' This climate plays havoc with our wives,' says our host, and we can believe it. The European women and children we have seen this day are without exception most sickly in ap pearance. A TAMIL SEE VICE. Our next visit is to the market reserve to attend a Tamil native open-air service, now in full swing. Oh, how we did envy that service ! Did not we long to know their tongue, that we might have a hand in the thing. The speakers were fluent and earnest, the congrega sion most respectful in their attention. As to the singing, well it teas not good. One thing amused us much. One of the speakers led the singing with a fiddle. The forward movement in Ceylon ! ! Our two-legged horses next run us to the Salvation Army headquarters, and we are soon closeted with the major in charge, an educated man, who with his wife has adopted the native dress, eats native food, and has adopted native names. Though in existence but, I think, some ten years, they have 134 officers at work — 101 native and 33 European — and are carrying on aggres sive work, spiritual and social in charac ter, that is being wonderfully owned of God. But time presses, and we are away to spend some time among the natives in the streets. But, eh, dear ! aren't we almost worried to death by the beggars and cripples, who will persist in poking their horrible deformities almost into our very faces. Did you care for it, we could write pages describing the sights and sounds of those closing hours of the day. But the above must suffice. We are tired, and hasten on board the ' Oruba ' by 10 o'clock at night, pluming ourselves upon the fact that our boatman has swindled 'us nothing beyond a threepenny-bit ; but, alas ! only to find the ship in the possession of the native hucksters, who are still sacrificing their wares for three times their value. * * # June 26. — This morning early we entered the Canal, and are now in the Bitter Lakes. Could write much of the scenes to be witnessed from our deck — of travelling caravans and of begging Arabs, of sandy deserts and hovel homesteads. But your readers must be weary, and I forbear. Yesterday I conducted three services, at 10.45 the official Church of England service in the drawing room, at 3 amongst the third-class passengers, and at 7.30 in the second saloon. It was a good day. But I would rather have been in my old place in the Centenary Hall. 