SHiE SHINES MIE D)OWN., 'Why'don't you go home, and be'good and happy 'there in your proper place, my dear; and-make them mourning for you happy too: Gladys had moved from the mirror to the window while lrtitton has been speaking. r4ow she turis round with light in her eyes, warmth and colour in her face; but these ad. juncts to her beauty have not been called forth by Britton's words. 'Get my hat and clolak, ' she says; and in another minute she and Vengeance are on the terrace, where Arch Saltoun is waiting for a glimpse of her 1 CHAPTER IV. Another minute and she is down on the terrace, and all his motive for coming back is laid bare before her keen vision, in the moment that he springs to meet her, exclaim ing : SThey told me you were going to- morrow, and I feared I shouldn't see you.' 'Ah it's Mr. Saltoun,' she says, pausing to drape her cloak about her in more graceful folds before she extends a temperately wel coming hand to him. 'Is it possible, once having got away from its slumber-inducing spell, that you have come back to 'eat lotus' of your own free will in beautiful, torpid Torquay ?' 'I've come back because I promised that I would come, and because I wanted to see 5bu again, he asIwers, sitdply, saiowing his admiration for hei and the disappointment he feels at the reception she has given him, with the ingenuousness of a child. 'iWhat insufficient reasons, Mrs. Saltoun,' she says, with tie smile kindling in her face. You' promised me that you would come back,' and for the sake of seeing me you have kept your promise I What insufficient reasons for coming I' 'To me they're more than sufficient, I have kept my word-and seen you.' ' And I had forgotten that you had given me your word, and I'm going away to morrow, and even now I'm laughing at you for the honotrable conscientiousness which brings you to me, and for the childlike faith you have in my being worth seeking. I am true for the moment. Mr. Saltoun take my advice. I charm you by my whims and humours, and by the'way I manage into apparent beauty what would be only mode rately good looks in another woman. I charm you by seeming frankness, by my variability, by the very way in which I show you my worst I And all the while I do it I wonder why I do it, for you're not the man I want to charm Go away from me now; before you discover what a stucco imposter I am ! Go away from me before I teach you that even stuccoed buildings in falling may crush good men in their ruins !' She is in earnest. With real pain he realises that this light, buoyant beauty is in dreadful desperate, cruel earnest now I He realises something else too, something which it is even harder for a man, whose life's happiness is at stake, to realise; and that is that this desperate, cruel, earnest bearing of hers is no pretty caprice. It is horribly genuine, this endeavour she is making to warn him off. And he kaows that he will not be warned off, and an in stinct teaches him that he will bitterly repent him in the time to come of his infatuated obstinacy. Yet still he blindly disregards the instinct, and with the tenderest and most eloquent words hehas itt command, seeks to wsn at least her forbearance towards his presence. - The tenderest and most-elocuent words he has at his coimmand, - hoer impotent they are, how feebly futile they sound, even in his own ears, as he utters them I How ridi culous she allows him to perceive she con siders them to be, as with a light that is half smile and half moonbeam playing over her mobile face she stands in her motionless ease and L.r'ce, listening to him. 'You shall hear why I have come back,' be says, in those broken tones that men are apt to employ when they desire to carry a tender point, and the one besieged does not appear ready to surrender immediately. ' I came back because my heart has never spoken before as it has about you, and it told me to come back and tell you of my love, and ask for yours in return, Gladys !' He tries to take her hand as he utters her name, and she justs steps out of his reach, and regards him with a wistful, curious look of inquiry. ' You came back to tell me this, did you really? Don't thinlk I'm doubting your in tegrity in any way, but it is so strange to me that anything I expect should come to pass. I own that I did expect this much of you, and now that you've realised my expectations I am so surprised that I don't know what to do with you.' You're not going to refuse me, at any rate,' he says, gaining confidence. 'I don't know about that yet; I only.know that Iam going to shock you; perhaps when I've- shocked you, you will retract. your offer of marriage ; you needn't beafraid to do it, it was verbal; no witnesses were present, and I won't bring an action for breach of promise.' 'How horribly you talk,' he interrupts. 'Yes-do I not-horribly I say out so plainly not only what I think and fear, but what you think and fear also; and do you know I act even more horribly than I talk; be warned in time; leave me in this romantic situation, with all soits of pretty reminis cences in your mind about me, and go back a free man to your country gentleman's duties and your sister's safe keeping i' She flashes the last words out at at him as she turns away, but there is no anger in her dulcet tones, no anger in her dancing eyes. She is not surprised when she reaches the steps that lead to the hotel to find him at htier side, humble pertinacious, hat in hand, suppliant, but determined to have a hearing. 'Mrs. Cardigan, you need not tell me what to do with myself if you reject me, but you must tell me in plainer words than you have used yet that you do reject me before I accept my dismissal.' She faces round and begins draping the lace hood of her cloak coquettishly about her graceful, slender head. Pretty, supple creature, perfect combina tion of Cleopatra and the snake as she is, it does occur to him that this frivolous con sideration for her own appearance at such a moment denotes a vain and superficial mind. But he banishes this condemnatory thought as soon as it rises, telling himself that it is only natural and proper that she should be careless and indifferent still, for be has not yet waked the echoes of her heart. Wben once he had succeeded in doing that she " will answer to his tone as softly and thrillingly as even he desires, " he tells himself, proudly, and thus reassured, by his own fallacious reasoning, he goes on : 'I know there is something vague and un seemly in pursuing you at this hour. ' 'I assure you the hour seems to me as fitting a one as you could find, ' she laughs, gently. 'Then I will ask your pardon for the way and the place I ihave chosen in which to make my meaning clear to you,' he says, half amused, hIalt provoked by the critically easy air which this woman, whose character seems to partake of the nature of the kaleidoscope, has now assumed. 'The hour, the manner, and the place are all that I could wish them to be,' she replies, coming briskly down the two steps she has ascended while listening to him, and takidig his arm. ' Come away, down the most perpen dicular and picturesqute path we can find to the water's edge; Torbay looks lovely tonight; come, and enjoy its beauties, and just let this subject which is disturbing you rest tor a time, or, better s:ill, dismiss it altogether.' He is so much delighted with the present moment that he fancies he can well afford to let the subject test for a time. She- being kind to his degree--willsurely allow him to resume it in the morning when a night's reflection will have shown her that his proffered love is no ardent sham, but a loving, beautiful truth. How he will woo her on the morrow. How be will delight in teaching her to take the first timid steps that will lead her to return his passion. How, when he has woni this beautiful, bright, bewitching, undefinable stranger, he will glory in acclimatising her to his own home atmosphere, and assimilating her with his own favourite relations and friends. What acrown, she, with this winning grace of hers, this manner that makes her a mixture of queen and child, will be to him in that great grand, sombre (truth to tell, sorimetimes stupid) Somersetshire home of his, wliere the Sal touns have held their haughty own since the day a cadet of their house followed Mary Stuart's son from bonnie Scotland. How carefully he will provide that she shall always be superbly mounted, superbly dressed, superbly associated and surrounded in every way. She does not know yet what a monarch he is in his own land. He lays the knowledge that he is so lovingly to his heart, for will it not redound to the honour and glory to this sweet stranger whom he is seeking for his wife ? Yes, she is this, 'a stranger,' and he is seeking her for his wife as eagerly as if she was the known and pedigreed daughter of a hundred earls. They have reached a little narrow platform just above the water's edge, as he remembers this truth, and he hates himself for having remembered it at all, when Mrs. Cardigan takes her hand from his arm, advances peril. ously close to the low, slight hedge of spindle and rock-rose which borders the steep cliff and say as if in answer to his thought: 'Just think, Mr. Saltoun, if I were to slip through, and go down, down, beneath this boiling surge, and never come up again, there's not a being in the woted, save Britton and Vengeance, who would ask what had become of me; thirik of this truth, and take it as another warning against the fate you fancy you want to fulfil.' She is on the very brink, on the crum bling, treacherous edge of the cliff as she speaks, and his impulse is to leap forward and clasp her in safety to his heart ere the echo of her words dies in silence on his ears. But he dare not move. Her back is to the precipice and she is waving to and fro as she restlessly arranges and rearranges the black lace draperies, by means of which she gets such ever-varying effects. 'For Heaven's sake stand still !' he mutters, passionately. 'You frighten me ! poised on the brink in that way. Come away.' 'There is no danger i' she interrupts, blhthely, 'I am as sure- footed and as cool headed as a goat or a born mountaineer. I am a mountaineer, in fact i Why don't you ask me who I am, and what I am, and where Icame from ?' 'I can't ask you anything while you flutter about in that way. How can you take pleasure in making my heart beat and my brain reel with pain and terror, when you can so easily make me mad with joy ?' She sinks down gracefully into a sitting posture upon the low, slender-stalked bushes, which bend under her weight, and sway sea wards with her. 'My dear Mr. Saltoun, every word you utter shows me that the blind trust you have been exhibiting in me is only feigned ;you think evidently that I am such an irresponsible idiot that I am not to be trusted to take care of myself, even in a place of such little peril as this, or you think (and this is worse) that I am such a capricious fool that I'm knowingly running a deadly risk for the sake of exciting your deeper iuterest. Which weakness is it that you do accuse me of in your mind? And accusing me of either, is it possible that you can still want to marry me ?' He makes a movement to approach her for answer, and the wilful woman bends over the verge in a way that would cause a less supple and muscular woman than she is to lose her balanee. CHAPTER V. Gladys Cardigan retained her seat easily upon the bushes and laughs at Arch's dismay and discomfiture. 'Now listen,' she says, still retaining her seat, and with a movement of her hand waving him off to a greater distance from her. 'I always will do as I like, whether there's danger in the doing to myself or pain to those about me or not. I have worn and worried, arid wearied those who have been foolish enough to care for me, and I shall go on doing the same thing to the end of the chapter. There's something that's very bold and manly and good and generous about you, and still I take an absolute pleasure in making you miserable, as I am making you this momeet i Again I say be warned in time I Say good night to me and leave me for ever I' Before she knows what he is going to do she is swung off the bushes and clear off the danger and held by him in so firm a clasp that she is compelled to keep quiet and listen to him. 'You had you say whileI was tongue tied with terror for you.' he says; 'now have mine. You may have worn, and wor ried, and weiaried the rest of the world, but you'll never weary me out of.my love for you, and till you command me for your own sake to cease from seeking you, I shall go on praying you to be my wife. Oh I Gladys, what a life we have before us ! Don't mar a moment of it by this hesitation.' He is panting with the ardour with which he is pursuing her and his heart's desire. She remains cool and unruffled. She is not regardless of his words, for she evidently listens to them keenly and critically, but she is not moved by them to the display of anything like emotion. ' It's getting chilly down here by the water,' she says, not vouchsafing any answer to his appeal; 'let us go in now. Britton will be persuading herself that I've run away without paying my hotel bill, and that will put a stop to the packing she has to do before to-morrow morning.' 'You are cruel still to hint at going away, he says, reproachfully, and be slackens his' hold of her hand as he says it. Lightly and carelessly she suffers her band to fall from his, and replies: ' I am that sometimes, I'm afraid; cruel, just that, cruel, for.the sake of exercising the quality, and without the most passing feeling for or against the one upon whom I exercise it. Non youhave discovered it, and I have confessed it; surely after this you'll make your bow, and go your happy, bright pros perous way, leaving me to go mine.' She sees that tears of love and fear, of doubt, disappointment-despair, almost-are sparkling in his eyes, and though her heart is pitiless, and there is no shadow of compunction for the pain she is giving in her soul, her outward bearing is bewitching in the quick, sympath-I etic change which comes over her. 'Dear friend,' she murmturs, softly, 'let me I be that at least, your friend, though for your I good I have tried to teach you that it would be an ill day's work for you.if I bestowed a dearer title on you. Let us take l:ave of each other to-night for ever.' He does not reply fora minute. He stands silent, with drooping head; and con vulsively sobbing, as she stands looking at hire, feeling so proud of the skill with which she has dealt such a scientific blow to this strong man, Suddenly with an effort he re covers himself. 'I have been abrupt and importunate, too rough and homely altogether, and so in try ing to win I have made you recoil from me, and all my heart was in it; it is hard.' 'Good-bye,' she says softly, holding out both her handS, and he grasps them and looks wildly into her eyes. 'Say I may see you to-morrow; say I may hope still, Gladys? Speaks to me.' 'You may see me to-mprrow,' she says, sliding her slender, nervous hands out of his easily, and in another moment he is alone, watching pretty Mrs. Cardigan make her graceful, unruffled progress up the long, wind ing staircase, followed by the admiring gaze of every rnan who is fortunate enough to be in the hall as she passes. 'Unpack the trunks again, Britton,' she cries, throwing off dignity and composure the instant she is safely inside the door of her apartment, gaining the sofa with the light leap and light laugh of a child. Unpack the trunks, Britton. Your lines shall continue to be cast in pleasant places, for we shall stay at the Imperial till we go to finer quarters. Hold your tongue to-night, but send it well all over the place to-morrow that I am going to be married to Archibald Saitoun, Esquire, of Friars' Court, Somersetshire.' Britton gets up from her knees and leaves her occupation of packing, and comes over to the couch on bwhich her young mistress is reclining. 'At last there's peace and happiness in store for you, my child,' thie woman begins to whisper, hysterically; 'and now show you are grateful to Him for it, by writing to them at home.' A heavy scowl settles on Gladys's brow, an ugly smile distorts her pretty lips, and a harsh tone creeps into her voice as she answers: ' If I were goose enough to do as you ask me I should upset shem at home and spoil their lives more than I've spoiled them already. If you wish to leave me and go back to them you can go, but you will never hear of me again in that case from the day you---i SMiss Gladys; as if I could leave you for all the others put togethier,'. Britton inter rupts, with plaintive ire at the suppositioon ' If your lot was a hovel I'd share it with you, and never make a sound.' 'And as it's going to be something rather more like a palace you'll share that with me with equal fidelity, won't you? Now, Brit ton, we have done the ' beloved mistress and devoted servitor' business quite long enoigh for this evening, and I have had a very fatiguing part to play out there in the garden; get me some Burgundy, and that book, and a big plate of biscuits for Vengeance, and then don't let me bear another sound from you till I go to bed.' So Gladys Cardigan reclines in radiant beauty and luxurious ease, and reads an exciting novel, and sips the generous wine in utter indifferent forgetfulness of the man who has this night placed his happiness and honour and future in her hands. And he smokes, and tries not to seem to wish all his acquaintances at the hotel would not surround him as they do, and endeavours to make up his mind as to bow he will conduct his wooing on the morrow, and how when he has brought his wooing to a successful issue, he will report proceedings to his sister Florence Dumorest. I 'here'll be the rub,' he says to himself at last, when in imagination he has brought his wooing to a successful issue. 'There'll be the row. Flo has such an awfully high opinion of me that she'll think that even Gladys isn't good enough for me, and if Gladys once gets hold of that, whew ' So, even while he is in doubt as to his londest hopes being gratified, the prospect of their being gratified does not bring him unallowed felicity. Even when he succeeds in putting the dark shadow of the possibility of Gladys refusing him behind him for an instant, the prospect of his sister's wrath lowers gloomily belore him. Truly the 'light'which he avows Gladys Cardigan shed over his path from the moment of his first beholding her, promises to be a misguiding one-a very will-o'-the-wisp indeed I But it is all golden sunshine and blue sky, all soft warmth and beauty in air and on smiling land and dancing water in the morning, when, in obedience to a mandate from Mrs. Cardigan, he seeks that lady down at the end of the sloping garden path. ' I expected that you had taken my warning and gone away, Mr. Saltoun. Why have you stayed?' She is prettier than ever this morning, in a greycloth tourist suit, with a hat of the same material on her head. The costume shows the perfect proportions of her figure as cleverly as a habit would have done, and Arch Saltoun, who values form at its due worth, is more enamoured than ever as be looks at her. He resolves at once to go boldly at this, the most difficult post and rails he has ever had to take in his life's course. So he just takes both her hands in his, forces her to look up into his face, kisses her right in full view of every window on that side of the hotel, and says: ' I stayed to show you how you wasted the time last night, and to make you promise that- you won't waste any more, Gladys. How soon will you marry me ?' L Suppose I say to-morrow-or never I' she says slowly. And be answers unhesitatingly: 'To-morrow it shall be i' * -* * -*. * *, \- I don't care for anything like subterfuge' or dissembling, therefore I had better tell you without any beating about the bush, that I want you to run up here at once and call upon her.' This is the first fearful paragraph over which Mrs. Dumorest's eyes rush at full speed, as she opens a letter from her brother, dated from the 'Imperial Hotel, Torquay.' She is alone at the breakfast table in her snug sunny sitting room in those Plymouth lodgings which she has preferred to the breezy, dubious delights of thie 'Ghost.' Clement is on board the latter, choosing to make her his head-quarters during Arch's absence, rather than listen hour after hour to the surmises Arch's sister is never weary of uttering as to her brother's whereabouts and current- pursuits. Florence Dumorest is rapid in thought, and even more rapid in utterance, as a rule. But now, when she reads these hope-destroy. ing, peace- annulling words. she remains speechless, albeit a fat, calm cat is eyeing her from thie hearthrug, purring, putting its claws in and out encouragingly, and generally in. viting lher confidence. For a full minute she remains silent not because there is no one present to whom she can address herself-Florence Dumorest is above such frivolous, idle prejudices as re quiring an audience when she desires to make a speech-but simply because, in her un bounded chagirn and amazement, words failed her. Yes 1 Amazement is her dominating sensa tion ! How Arch could have dared, in the face of her openly manifested disapproval, to have followed up this 'creature I'--this mixture of syren, serpent, and stereotyped adventuress I 'Run over to Torquay and call on Mrs. Car digan at once 1 Aye! that she will do, Call on her, and expose her, and defeat her, and generally an nihilate her ! But-but- she pauses to take breath and review the situation-what is there to be ex posed ? and bow is such a bewitchingly slip pery creature to be annihilated ? It is easy enough to cry out: * That hateful woman I Throw her dowh f throw her down I' but extremely difficult to get one's vindictive orders carried out, when the 'hateful woman' has done nothing defi nitely wrong, and bystanders are much more ready to uphold than to give her a fall ] Mrs. Dumorest remembers clearly, and re cognises fully these facts ere she has com mitted herself before anyone but the cat. SI will go and call on her, and behave as gentlewoman should do,' she says to herself. But Arch shall know what I feel, and Arch shall feel that I know what is right I' It is all very well to resolve to go forth and abash, and possibly exterminate Mrs. Cardi gan' on the spur of the angry moment, but it is extremely'difficult to arrive at a practical conclusion as to how these abashing and ex terminating proceedings are to be carried out when the angry moment is passed. In the first place 'Clement' is not here to be consulted, and to have his opinion derided when he gives it in answer to a fervent sp plication. And in the second place, the next train to Newton-Abbott does not run for two hours. Two hours seems an eternity to Florence Dumorest in her present condition of mind I She will telegraph, and by so doing save her self from lunacy, and Arch from life.long misery ! TO BE CONTINUED. 