tMERICAN FUN. This other day an old lady rushed into the garden in search o: her daughter, upon being told that she had gone there with a rake. A Philadelphia saloon keeps, according to the placards, " Bolloney, sorseg, pig's feet, oyster supe, sheap's tnngs." Tub shortest name seen on the register of an American hotel was that of Mr. C. Ax. New York has a citizen named Py. Wiien yu find a man who iz very soli itua about the welfare ov everyboddy, said Josh Billings, yu kan safely put him down az one who is hunting for a mis fortune. Pour young gentlemen at Sioux City, Iowa, went out to serenade the belle of the city. It was a quartette of good voice" and for 15 minutes they en tranced all tbe neighbours as they sung under ths windows of the beauty's domicile. By-and-by a black face and woolly head followed a hand which held a candle out of a window in the second storey, and a voice exclaimed, " Look a hear, young gemmen, Miss Minnie went ober to Coyington to-day, but I'se obleeged to ye all the same !" The quartette separated. " Jim, does your mother ever whip yon ? " " No, but she does a precious sight worse, though.' "What's that?" "Why, she washes my face every morn ing?" i Lamb Jim Jones says, when he was in South ' Carolina, one summer, it turned very cold, and a i snow fell on the 9th of August at least six inches t deep, and, when the sun came out, it was so hot that I the snow never got a chance to melt ; " it cooked a ) brown crust on it." A Yankee, describing an opponent whoBe person I was extremely thin, says : " I will tell you what, sir j — that man don't amount to a sum in arithmetic ; cast him up, and there's nothing to carry." - J The remark of a contemporary, " that many of our . successful lawyers commenced life as preachers," is gracefully corrected by one of the legal gentlemen referred to, who begs leave to state that he began life as an infant. Too many barbers at a Saturday night ball are apt to razor fuss. A farmer with a dictionary put a stop to tramps making a short cut across a field of his by posting the notice, " Beware ! Scolopendriums and Polypo- diums Planted Here !" After a marriage in Connecticut, the bridegroom took the parson nside mysteriously, and whispered to him, " Can't you take th pay out in 'tatoes ? The mother-in-law finds a defender in the San Francisco Mail , which says : " If old Adam had had a mother-in-law to look after him and his wife, it is more than probable that to this very day we might- have been able to caper about in the light and airy costume of our first parents." Tiie other day a man took home a book containing several anecdotes showing tbe power of imagination, and after reading them to his wife, he tenderly said : " Now, Angelina, yon may sometimes imagine that you hear me kissing the servant girl in the other room, and you see how base a thing it would be to accuse me of such a tbiDg." " John Henry," she replied in a smooth voice, "if ever I imagine such a thing you'll need a doctor within 15 minutes, no matter what the boob says." Mr. Seward, when American Ambassador in London, once wpnt with Charles Mackay to the Crystal Palace. The American lighted a cigar, and proceeded to smoke away with great enjoyment, when a policeman, meeting the pair, said to Mr. Seward, in a tone of authority, " Sir, it is against the rules to smoke in these grounds. Put out your cigar, or leave tbe place." " Sir," Mr. Seward rejoined with equal dignity, " it is against the rules for me to give you balf-a-crown. Take it, and put it in vour pocket, and leave my presence." The man looked round for fear of listeners, took the half-crown, smiled pleasantly, and discreetly turned away in the opposite direction. "Air, love," she murmured, as they wandered through the moonlight " ah, dearest, why do the summer roses fade ? " He happened to be a young chemist of a practical turn of mind, and ho replied that it was owing to the insufficiency of oxygen in the atmosphere. A Connecticut preacher says that a good congre gation will praise the music, the cboir, the ventilation and the civilities of the usher ; but as to the sermon — " Well, I dunno." A man named Graham Deathbell has been con fined, through some legal mistake, for 17 years in the Iowa Penitentiary. It is claimed that each succes sive Governor has refused to allow him to come out, on the ground that such a name ought not to be per petuated. These are hard lines for Deathbell. A Chinaman who bad his nose cut off during a little altercation in San Francisco, had it carefully packed and sent back home to show his friends one of the American customs. A mother's love never changes. When a young man in Europe vctn home to his mother in St.. Louis that he was about to go from Nancy to Ems, she exclaimed in a transport that the dear boy hadn't altered a bit, but was now, she knew, as fond of girls as ever. A Florida negro mistook a mule for a ghost, and poked it with a stick. The verdict recited that he came to his death by using too short a stick in probing the unknowable for evidences of a future existence. The first impression that the English design on the American dollar gives you, is that the engle has just been aroused from a brown study by a mo9t awful and unexpected swipe across the back with a stuffed club. TnK following by Josh Billings is only a trifle in ferior to fome passages in Thomson's "Seasons," by which noble poem it was evidently inspired : " Spring came this year as much as usual. Hail, butous virgin ! 5000 years old and upward, hale and hearty old gal, welcnm tew New York States and parts ad jacent! Now the birds jaw, now the cattle holler, now t.he pigs scream, now the geese warble, now the lcats sigh, and Nature is frisky, while the noby cock roach is singing ' Yankee Doodle ' and ' Coining through the rhi.' Now may be seen the musketeer, that gray outlined critter of distiny, solitary and alone, examining his last year's bill, and now be heard with the naked ear the coarse shang high bawling in the barn-vard." An English woman, when a tract wns handed to her, replied, "Thank you, I am already saved." "Only the female mosquito bites,' but they average ninety-nine females out of a possible hundred. It costs less than half cent a day to take a weekly ' paper; less than a diligent hen would earn in a month at the market price of egg9 ; less than a cigar a fortnight, and a very cheap one at that ; less than a barber would charge by the year to have one's hair trimmed; less than a good-sized Christmas turkey; les9 than an energetic kitchen girl will waste in a week. A penny a day can be saved in many a better way ' than stopping your paper. . t Durinci Grant's campaign before Richmond, in tbe spring of '65, there was a detachment of the 20th New York Regiment, stationed near General Mead's head quarters. With the detachment was a rough diamond named Jack Butler, who was very brave but rash. One day Jack thought he would reconnoitre a little on his own account. Being destitute of caution, he suddenly found himself in the enemy's pickets. His first intimation of danger was a command to " Halt, there, Yanki !" Jack seeing he was in a very tight place, replied, "No, not now, Johnny, but when I get into the Federal camp ; " and away he ran. When he reached the camp there was no fewer than six bullets holes in his clothing. In speaking of his escape after- ' wards, Jack said, " Boys, I thought every hair on my head was a Jew's-harp, and every hair playing a separate tune." Whenever an alleged literary man prides himself on a high forehead, he is also able to keep the flies off it by simply flapping his ears. On, yes ! says the American Rochefoucauld. Youth is full of grandeurs, generosities, independencies of spirit, &c.;, but it is curious how many of these some body, perhaDS no longer young, often has to pay for. Painful Question— " How much can the Russian bear?" About the most uncomfortable seat a man can have in the long run, is self-conceit.. Prof. Hall, who discovered the moons of Mars, was a carpenter before he saw things on a higher plane. In New Jersey when they want to praise a man, they sav he has such a mean-looking face that a fly wouldn't- light on it. Somebody estimated that every man who lives to be 60 years old has spent seven months buttoning his shirt collar. Thirty years more ought to be added for hunting up the collar button. A young musician, remnrkable for his modesty and sincerity, on his first appearance before the public, finding that he could not give the trills effectively, assured the audience, by way of apology, " that he trembled so that he could not shake." " Mother," asked a six-foot gawkey, after two hours of brown- study, " what did you and dad do when he come a-courtin' yon?" "La suz! why, Jed, we used to sit by the fire, and eat roast turkey and mince pies, and drink cider, and watch the crickets rnnnin' round the hearth." " Good gracious ! times ain't as they used to was. mother, that's sartain. Why, I went a-courtin' last Sunday night-; I was all slicked up to kill, and looked tearin' scrumpshus, and the only thing Peg gin me was a raw pickle !" An incorporated society hired a roan to blast a rock, says Mark Twain, and he was punching powder 'into a hole with a crowbar, when a premature ex plosion followed, sending the man and crowbar out of eight. Both came down all right, and the man went to work again directly. Butttehgh he waa gopo only 15 minutes, they doekedJHfor the lost -2' ' 