(MJAPTKK li. Jin-plrlii« bob) John Jim li junie, WIM (lanena l'uni canal maali ua agoru i Wl' ll|i|ii miy wai IKII iiau «vii | Wl uaij'jttsudli wt'illucu Um |lct*!l.-JUJTH«. Gradually as tu« night advanced tho thruo way- farers by the camp-flm in thu gully bocauio yat moro convlral, The dcitor trnsted tho now pot valiant James to a long dissertation on the uttorly ridiculous natur« of bis Jato superstitious rears| and, supported by an occasional confirmative grunt from the lawyer, ho amply demonstrated the fact oven to Jim's satisfaction. " You see, James, tho hypothesis ia opposed in all its bearings by tbo simplest laws of science. The disembodied spirit-even admitting the possibility of Buch a phenomenon-ho« bo material substance in its anatomy, so to speak, at which we can grasp. It is nothing but air i tho oxygen wo breathe, James, and even thoso that believe in its existence claim no more for it. Now I put it to your common sense, my young friend-would you bo afraid of a shadow, a thing of air, a - as a matter of fact, a freak of your own Imagination P" "Tbssh right, doctor, put'r to 'm Uko that," mumbled the lawyer, thickly. " Glad to find yo're such a goo' grasp o' the matter, olo vrend, Ghosts, in common law, have no (hiccup) no locus stan di, and their evidence would not be reshcivod in any court. James, you sooundrcl, answered the Doctor, would you be scared at the oxyjim you breathe P" "No damn fear, sir," promptly responded the valiant Jim. "Not mc-by a jugful, sir. 'Fore I'd knuckle down to a whiff o' measley 'hoxy-jim ' -I'd fust soo hit in-" "Quite so, Jftincs!" now interrupted the mild practitioner, diplomatically. " You recognise tho absurdity of the whole thing, now-and there ¡B no use in being too empbntic over it. Admitting for argument's sake, JamcB, that there is anything at all in this ghost theory. Let us now examine it in more detail, and see if it will stand the strong light of science. Let ns place the light of science just here by my glass. There is your ghost just by yours." Jim cast a atartlcd glance in the indicated direction, and shifted closer to tho fire ; but, not noticing him the doctor continued his remarks. "There is your ghost, I say. Believers in that phantom credit it with boing able to talk and groan, and even place cold, clammy fingers on mortal bodies. They insist most emphatically on the groan. Now turn on the light and what do we discover ? Here ÍB no thorax-the vocal cords aro absent from both sides of the missing carotid glands, and there remains nothing where the lungs were wont to riso and fall save th>3 iinpalpablo air that used to fill them. This ghost cannot speak-it cannot even ' groan,' and examining its aiiy fingers we aro driven to the unavoidable conclusion that an attempt on its part to leave their impression on anything would bo an outrage on its common sense. The arms and body of this apparition aro composed of thin air, and its lower limbs are of no more robust material. The tendon Achilles is non est in both of thom, and all the flesh and muscio, bone and marrow that once supported these absent sinews is gone away from them and nothing bat a vapour remains. You reoognise tho fact, JameB ? Your ghoBt can neither talk nor groan, walk, touch, taste, nor handle anything, and can be regarded in the light of science only as a nonentity. There, j that is your ghost." " Oh, not hit, sir, 'taint my ghost not by eny means," deolared Jim firmly and with decision. " Fou kin hev it, sir, an' worry much oblidged | 'eos I've got no usa for hit." "Ho-ho! Eh! Ah-ah-ah!" laughed the lawyer uproariously and rolling about on the grass. " 'Magine one o' them ghosts appearing as defend- ant in an action for breach of promise ! Ho-ho ! j Counsel for tbo defence enters a plea utter incom- patibility of habits an' temperment, and wins tears of sympathy from jury. Fellow rises to speak on plaintiff's behalf, refers to the sneaking, airy habits of defendant-soulful way in which he gained the ladies' affections-then comes on down to the heartleaB manner in which he deserted her, and the grave trouble he has brought on herself and family. Verdict for plaintiff, of course damages Ü2000. Ha-ha ! Ghost has no assets ! can't 'got eny bail, and policeman advances to puton the darbies. Gosh! imagino the situation, gewmen ! Phantom holds out his wrists, p'liceman snaps bracelets on 'em and they crash on tho floor. Might as well try to chain tho mist, or steal the bungholo of that jar. Ghost finally geta disgusted and flounces out of court through one of the ventilators, not oven stopping to pay it'a lawyer's fees." Mr. Gainsuit laughed long and heartily at the aspects of his imaginary cause, and hie mirth waa freely shared in by tho doctor and Jim, More of the brandy wai handed round, and tho hour being now close on 12 the lawyer proposed the party Bhould dispose themsolves to sleep so that they might be up early and repair the trap and then go home to Maitland betiaiea. The doctor, however, had imbibed less freely than hia friend and was not yet inclined to sleep and Jim being still wakeful, the pair replenished the fire, and drawing moro doss to it they entered into conversation and loft the man of law to bis rest. Of course it waa the learned disciple of Galen that led the conversation and Jim had only to listen, open mouthed,or at times drop in a wonder- ing monosyllable or a nod of approval as required . and BO that we may the bettor follow the worthy pair, we shall also draw up closer and hear what is said, "Yes, James," the dootor is saying, " I am well aware that this gully boars a most unenviable name among tho populace, Yet, nftor all, as the im- mortal Shakspere anys, ' What's in a name I1' This creek, from the reddish hue of its waters, no doubt, is vulgarly called Murder Creek | but the colour, my dear, good young mau, is simply pro- duced by a mineral substance exuding from the rock8 in its course, Thora was a young woman fouud here soinu years ago-I mean, JameB, that her headless body was found in this gulch at that time-but whether it waa a case of murder or suioide no man e ou I ii ever dutormine, and tho remains were buried just over thero by that knoll. She wis a convict and an assigned servant to Bnuiro Larruper, and ritiuoiir liad It that olio ran off luto tim bush to escapo tho attentions of that hoary old ru Iii un. Anyhow, that is how and whore limy found hop body, and rumour said she had boon foully murdered. I myself examined tho romains and believe sim died of hunger and exhaustion, tim dingoes being responsible for tho mutilation. Tlmu tlmy said Imi ghost haunted this gully, It was averred that a headless WOMPI» paraded- J James, how daio youl" Tho doutor had good oauso for tho Indignant exclamation, for just at this period of his gruesome numil I vu the long diawu'out wall of a native dog enlim floating up tim gully, and James, on hearing the ii rut sound of thin leaped promptly over Um uampllru and brought up against tim doctor's bow»», Dr. Ligatura was ooipulunt and fat, and Jaiiiim was no light weight, so only ono result «ould folbw, iJoth rolled over among tim furn» Instantly and unanimously, and the above ruinarle of tim doctor was all that time, and tho uxigoncius of tim eitbu, would all'iiv billi to Ulalie. "James, what did you mean by that outrage P" again gasped the angry doctor, as, raising hiinsolf lo a sitting position, he glared at Um driver, who still clung to his legs. " Aro you mad, air, or I« it I the howling of a tuUorablo dingo that makes ¿rou go on so f Leave go my legs this instant, sir !" " Not mo, doctor« not much I won't," gasped the now thoroughly scared man, clinging yet closer to I the doctor's Umbi and shivering. " Ye'vo torked I and to.ked 'bout them 'orrible ghoits till jo've brought 'em down on us, an' now, seein' at yo Bay ye can ' put 'ora down/ ye'vo got to do hit 'fore I loaves go." " Jamos, I'm ashamed of you," howled the doctor, angrily ¡ but just then another awful sound smote upon the oar, coming from tho direction of tho con Tict's gravo, and James taking a fresh and firmer hold, tho pair, ogain rolled in the gone, this timo tho driver safely undermost. Again the horrible clamour-half scream and half bray-awoko tho eohoes of the lonely gully and aroused the sleeping lawyer with its volume. EaiBing himself on his elbow he stared bewildered for an instant at his unfortunate companions, who were yet struggling on tho grass, and then in tho direction of the awful sound. That one fleeting glance was enough. Ob, horror I there right over the gravo of the convict stood tho white-robed form of the headlcBB woman, her arms extended towards him and her fleecy draperies swaying in the night breeze. A gurgling, wheezing sound was issuing from the decapitated neck, and the lawyer, although nearly frozen with horror, managed to let one good sensible yell ero ho sprang away to share in the festivities of bia com- panions on the grass. "Oh, Dr. Jonas Ligature," ho moaned SB he buried his head in the lap oE his startled friend, " the foul fiend and a legion of his imps arc around us, and that horrid ghost without the head ia coming this way." " Now, by my professional word of honour, this is | too rnuoh I" yelled tho exasperated and still scepti- cal doctor, jumping to his feet and forcibly shaking his limbs free of the clinging men. "John, my friend, are you too gone Billy that you go on thus on account of a trilling and, no doubt, easily ex- plained noise. Pshaw ! I'm ashamed of you, John ! Jamos, you caitiff, get up this instant and go over there and find ont the occasion of that noise Off now, you villain. Some poor creature must have met with an accident and may require my skill. Away, sir, at once !" "Oh, to be sure, sir. My word you jUfc bet on't" stammered Jim with biting sarcasm, and at the same tims concealing himself yet more behind his trembling master. "Ob Lud, yes. I'm jest about ter start out after yer hingured devils an' sech some other hevenin'." * " Oh, besotted cowardice. Poor ignorant clod,' wailed the doctor, "wretched poltroon, do you refuse to obey me ?" "I docs so," retorted James promptly, "I nut only refuses yo, sir, but I tells ye to yer teeth that if yon wants to doctor any o' that there crowd o' himps, ye'll hev to march out after 'em ami carry 'cm yerself. Oh, Lor' ! I wish I war safe at the hold ' Spread Heagle' once more." 1 " John, do you hear your sorvant P "Will you not order him toohey mo? "What? Are you too in- capable ! Then I will myself go to the succour of thiB poor unfortunate, and I merely pause to say John, that I blush for your manhood." The doctor folt in his pocket to see that his re- volver was handy, and then took a couple of very irresolute steps in the direction of the mound ; but just at that moment, tho horrible choking, scream- ing Bound again aroae, and the moon peeping out for an instant revealed to his gaze the awful form of the headless woman advancing toward him, her long Bkinny arms extended. Now we know the doctor was a brave man, a thoroughly brave, level- headed scientist, and a person whom no ordinary amount of horrorB could subdue, yet we will not blame bim that he faltered, and finally turned tail and fled before that fearsome thing. And certainly it was to his credit that as soon as he arrived safely with his friends, he at once turned his revolver on it and emptied all six chambers into its body. The fusillade only elicited a faint groan, and the moon now disappearing, the haunted gully waB left in darkneBB and silence. The friends wore left in peace after this, and after a time, having again solaced themselves with a horn of rum, they sank to rest i& each others' arms. The only man who made any comment on the more recent events of the morning was the doctor, and he, before going to sleep, remarked solemnly " John, my friend ¡ and you also, James, my good young man, I ask you both to pardon my hasty, thoughtless words. Truly, there are stranger thinga in the Heavens and the earth than we, in our philosophy, ever dream of." It WBB a virtual surrender of the "sciontifio" position, and his comrades, reoognising this, were too generous to proBs their advantage. In a short time thereafter the inmates of the camp were in the land of dreams. 