" How Shall We Decide This Question?" SOW, WHeICH IS TiE WOE5E-TO HAvE HO APPETITE FOR TOGR DI1NER, OR TO HAVE TO DISNER FOP TOtE APPETITE I There are lots 4f people on the one side or the other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person to wardi his meals. But most of es are not blessed in that way; we either hare too much food without sn appetite, or a rigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it Different folk will answer this question ditfe'nety, yet the common sense of it is that, without reasonable limits, :t is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starati'on line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eat ing. sta.ds in need of "alterations and repairs' go illustrate. We reectly received a cam muniration in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food wats poi soned, or did his nature rebel agains the nonrishment liredl on If the latter, why Let him clear the mystery himself. le says,'In the year t159 I changed my Work from ra'lway po.ter to signalman. I bad been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel mys:lf. My month tasted bad, so that ordinaty articles of diet seemeol to lose their daror; the pahte, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and farred, with a dark line down the middle aon yellow for round it, My breath teas offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulder,, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then -I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a hall in my throat, and act as it it rould choke me." We cannot wonder that under tli-se cireum stances our friend fatiled to do justice to his meals. le adds that there was what he culls " a pricking sena.tiaon "at his heart, as though it were tooched with some sharp instrument Then, apin, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolledt oft him. "I dreaded," be says, "the thought of eating, and ASyT A OcaTr T AIL'ATE I xADs, FOR I WAS A17R3 TO EAT. "after a time I got into a low, weak, ner roes condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fearof 'something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of same calamity, such as the loosof his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blocd (the life hearer) his enstrongnerves, and to the brainenfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illners is always full of ghosts and gob' lies, the creatures of a restless and ago. rerned imagination. "With great diSicnlty,"he says,"I stock to my work, for I had a wife and family de. pending on me. So I struggled on, but what I uffered for orer two years is past my powers of description. I Am sier so ow HAS sor. FEtED O0 xCCH As I HAVE DOSE," In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one s own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched expenence, only we don't happen tocome la touch with them. Well. the writer finally mentions that after all melical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read In a book of a case EXACFLT LIKE BIS Ows harlig been enrled by Mother Seiget's Syrup. "My wife," he says, '" got e a bottle at Mr. LangstarE, in Wodesfoird;andi after usingits contents the ailment left me and has never returned since thatfortunate day. Ishould Like the whole world to know what itdid forme. Ihavebeen employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signal) " Gunrue lIe sr, " Car Bottom ltal, " Apperley Bridge,near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. lint's desire, in crder that part of the world at least may know who thankful he is and for what ceason, 