Brevities The Jubilee Singers! Sons meet Monday night. Foresters meet Tuesday night. New books at TIMES Repository. Local tradesmen say this weather is fearful. Flower Show on Wednesday and Thursday next. Birthday Cards at TIMES Stationery Repository. The goods traffic on the Western line shows signs of improving. For one month only Pianos tuned by J. Wilcher for 10s 6d.* There are more than 860 Indian dialects in North America alone. Anderson's New Packet and Field Seeds at Judges Bros.* The Flower Show people have added canary prices to their list. Blood and hair was in the air at the football match on Saturday. Alderman Reid will address the electors of Springwood to-night. More milk is being brought into the Nepean creamery every day. Mr. S. E. Lees, M.P., will open the flower show at 3.30 on Wednesday. Travellers complain of holes in the road between Penrith and St. Marys, It is estimated that there are 20,000 more women in Washington than men. Wood can be sawed in veneers only one two- hundredths of an inch thick. To meet the dull times Pianos sold at Wilcher's 25 per cent, off Catalogue Prices.* Tenders for ironstone gravel and table draining for Penrith Council close 8th May. Thomas Neale has just to hand a splendid lot of sawn palings at 14s a hundred.* The weight of the heart is from eight to twelve ounces. It beats 100,000 times a day. The Eiffel Tower has been found to be visible at the distance of 100 miles from Paris. Dick Pugh is now master of the Cabinet trick. He talks about running a show of his own. A much-married man sighs: "Oh, if I could only, undo the knots like Professor Heller!" Deliberate suicide to miss the bargains to be obtained at W. H. Barlow's High- street store.* Playing Cards, Dominoes, Chessboards, Chessmen, Cribbage Boxes, &c.;, at TIMES Stationery Repository. Entries for the Autumn Flower Show, to be held Wednesday and Thursday next, close on Tuesday evening. Enamelled Preserving Pans every size, Preserving Bottles Bottles and Jelly Tumblers every kind, at Judges Bros.* The annual subscription (10s 6d) to the Nepean Agricultural, Horticultural and Industrial Society is now due. Some Mulgoaites are contemplating a race meeting. The top of the reservoir would make a good pony track! Some very fine chrysanthemums from the garden of Mr. F. Judges were on show in Mr. A. Judges window on Monday. On April 18, 1770, Captain Cook sighted the coast of this continent, to which he gave the name of New South Wales. Our Mulgoa Correspondent thinks that the Mulgoa Debating Society should be resuscitated. Now then J. R. Wrench! Photo, frames. 100 different kinds at TIMES Stationery Repository. Best assorted stock in the colony. Novelties by every mail.* Mr. C. Guest, the popular Secretary of the Hawkesbury Show and Racing Club, is slowly recovering from a dangerous illness. Wife-beating extraordinary! Jones' wife beats Mrs Simpkins in housekeeping because she buys from Barlow, the cheap grocer.* Great preparations are being made for the Flower Snow, which is to be held in the Temper- ance Hall, on 26th and 27th April. Our Mulgoa Rambler hopes some of the £50 worth of gravel lately granted by the Council will be spread in the irrigation township. John H. Walsh, aged 50, an engrossing clerk in the Lands Department, committed suicide on Mon- morning by cutting his throat with a razor. I say, have you seen them ? What ? Those wide sawn palings of Thomas Neale's at 14s. a hundred! Yes, they are the best of the kind I have seen!* It is said that a certain lawyer engaged in a certain case recently went "on speck," and conse- quently was hard hit when no costs were allowed. The Duchess of Sutherland has been fined £250 and sentenced to six weeks imprisonment for contempt of Court in having destroyed certain documents. A terrible accident occurred at Barlow's shop, High-street, on Tuesday night. A great fall in the price of groceries took place and serious results are anticipated.* Another dray was bogged in High-street on Wednesday, and though heavily laden with sand was pulled out by three plucky horses after a lengthy struggle. In order to collect a pound of clover honey bees must deprive 62,000 clover blossoms of their nectar. To do this the 62,000 flowers must be visited by an aggregate of 3,740,000 bees. It's a pity that someone does not invent a gag for local football barrackers. The game will never get beyond dog-fight dimensions while the harsh-voiced touch-line yahoo is on the job. Mr. Principal Thompson recently purchased for the Hawkesbury College 100 dairy heifers, from the best herds on the South Coast. These beasts are now in the College paddocks.—Gazette. The Luddenham Road is in a terrible state, and the sooner the St, Marys and Penrith Council amalgamate to improve matters the better it will be for country farmers and local tradesmen. The Commercial sociable came to grief again on Monday. Coming down the rise opposite the Commercial Bank, one of the horses fell, and the pole attachment was broken. This vehicle seems unlucky. At a large meeting of miners and others held at Gundagai on Saturday night a motion was carried expressing indignation at the action of the Legis- lative Council in rejecting the Mining on Private Property Bill. Burglars broke into the Windsor Churches last week. When the thieves came to share the spoil the "divi" of each was found to be four three- penny bits, one conversation lolly, a rusty tack, and two shirt buttons. Trade very slack at the police court this week. Not even enough money to get drunk on these times, and the pubs won't give tick. Also local news is very slack this week. Oh for a ghost scare or a sensational elopement! On Tuesday the inquest touching the death of Emma Harrison, the victim of the Burton-street tragedy, was finished. The jury returned a ver- dict of wilful murder against Archer, who was committed for trial accordingly. The Police Court verdict, by which Lord Hastings was fined £50 on n charge of having attempted to assault a nursemaid in the Regent's Park, London, has been quashed on an appeal by Lord Hastings to the higher court. On Monday morning a man named John William Cope, aged 70 years, was found dead at his resi- dence, No. 7 Regent street, Redfern, with a bullet wound in his head. At an inquest held in the afternoon a verdict of suicide was returned. Mrs. . Dykes of Mulgoa gave a pic-nic to her friends, about 30 in number, on Easter Monday. Dancing on the green was enjoyed to music played by Messrs. J. Cash and J. Summerson, after which the guests sat down to a sumptuous spread, which was much enjoyed. A meeting was held at Lawson on Saturday afternoon last to form a Progress Committee. A further public meeting has been called for to-day (Saturday) to finally arrange matters. Much interest was taken in the proceedings, as such a committee has long been needed. Mr. Want, M. P., says that the Assembly at the present moment is nothing more than a bear garden, and its deliberations a travesty on com- mon sense. Its proceedings have been degraded to the level of a brickyard row, or a Billingsgate fishmarket. The kettle calling the pot black! A little Sydney Jury ??? ??? on Thursday last. His Honor (to me...??? ??? For heaven's sake see who that is making ??? ??? row outside there. It sounds to mc as if someone is quarrelling and fighting. Messenger (after a visit to the seat of war) : "Please, yer Honor, it's only Mr. Pilcher addressin the jury in the other court" 