A REPORTER'S ADVEN- TURES. 'IOW A DESERVING YOUNG MAT- WON HIS SWEETHEART. /fHREE o'clock in the mo ruing is a. Vi/ uncanny hour the world over except ai police headquarters or in the office of a morning newspaper, and it was in this 'attcr place, f\t the hour named, that four or five reporters, having sent in all their copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because he had two columns of space and ten columns of matter that "must go in," sat with their feet on the tables and their cliairbacks knocking the plastering off, talking over the subject which is just as new to-day as b was when Adam doffed his bea\cr and said "How d'y'do?" to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and each one vis informing the other in all seriousness that he should marry. " What for ?" inquired Claude Brown of Frank Jones. " Because," replied Frank, " it's the only proper way to live." " A nice husband a reporter would make,' said Claude in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 o'clock a.m. and leaving home as soon as he got his 12 o'clock breakfast." " But his wife would always know where he was, and if she didn't, she'd know whereever he was after an item and had to be back at the office on time," remarked Charlie Smith. " Well," put in Claude, "if you think it's such a great snap, why clon't you get married ?" "Can't," said Charlie, very positively. " Why not?" " Thunderation, man, how's a fellow to buy a whole steamboat when he hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank ? How's a man to buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shovel full of dirt?" "That's it," interrupted Claude ; "how's a mau to do anything if he doesn't do it ? What's the matter with marrying a rich girl ?" " Where's the girl ?" queried Charlie. " Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust .1 husband when they won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the girl has her heart set on a hushand and can't get him ?" Smith argued awhile against matrimony, and at half-past three started for home. He was thinking the conversation over and as he trudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor was not only a knot on a log, but he was a very louesome knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city, and as lie passed a fine house, his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knockcd all awry by the reportorial instinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, blooming Mrs. Smith, a burglar cracking a millionaire's dining-room and making off with his silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to have on the other fellows and slipping into the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious to open the door than he was to preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutinised the door closely and discovered that the robber was not on the outside,but was evidently within, and was working his way out, and he felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture his man with the boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trainod it on the door, and an instant afterward the door swung open and Charlie was ready to cry " throw up your hands," when instead of a burglar, a ghost came out. " It can't be a ghost," he whispered in an assuring tone to himself, " for ghosts don't unlock doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what the deuce is it ? " He hadn't loug to wait, for whoever or •winlte* unis cau]a-Au4> irrtry -tiro vesiltjDte and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By garry," said the reporter, " it's a wonjan, and she's got on a nightgown. I'll have to see about this," and with his revolver ready in case of accident, he stepped out of the shadow aud spoke to the ghostly walker. " Good evening," he said, nervously. " No, excuse me, 1 mean good morning. If you're going to market, maybe you'd better go back and put 011 an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been moie gallant, but this was anything but ail ordinary affair, and he did'nt require news paper instinct to tell him so. The sheeted figure made 110 reply, but moved again and came toward him. The cold chills chased each other down his back and lie looked for a policeman, with the usual result. " Stand back," he said, " this pistol ain't loaded, but it might go off." But ou it came, and Charlie found thathis legs wouldn't move, in spite of all he could do to make them. One step more and he stood face to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woraau, but a young and handsome one, and he began to feel better. " 1 beg your pardon," he said, " but the night air is cool, and you appear to be dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance. Is there anyone in the house that has frightened you ?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, stepped to the young woman's side and gently took her by the arm. She turned her face to him and then the mystery was solved. " Another Amina," he said. "'La Sonnambula ' off the stage, with a reporter as first tenor and leading man. Well, this is a go !" " I've got to take her in the house anyhow, that's plain," he said to himself, and he gently led the willing walker back up to the door and rang the bell, and rang it with a forty-horse power draft. The next minute the beautiful sleepwalker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in his arms iu a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burden into the hall, only to meet a healthy young man in even less dishabille. "What's this?" he shouted, making a grab at Charlie's throat. "Shut 1 he door, you idiot," gurgled Charlie, dropping the girl on the floor and almost putting his foot on her, after the manner of sic semper tyrannis. "What does this mean?" again shouted the young man, and the remainder of the family came tumbling downstairs, none of them fixed to see company. " Let go of me and shut that door, and I'll tell you," wheezed Charlie. " You don't want to raise the neighbourhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you ?" Some of the other members of the family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut the door, and while the mother and the servants carried the unconscious girl 1 upstairs, Charlie told the father and sou I how he had met the young lady and what the trouble was. Both men knew him by ! ight, and had met him 011 'Change and lsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain he situation. Half an hour later the reporter was at ome, in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of pretty girls and all sorts of romantic hings. When he readied the office next day a ote was waiting for him,and he was invited o call that evening on the mother of the ! oung lady. He called, of coursc. He saw the mother; ie saw the daughter, blushing and beautiul, and now if Charlie is a bachelor much 1 onger there will be a breach of promise suit \ r some other dreadful calamity, for Charlie's ind is made up. Lady (to shopman) : " Why do you call his the ' Nature purse'?" Shopman : ' Because, madam, it abhors a vacuum." 