THE WEEK. In The Leader of next weok will bo com menced a nowtalo, Cheap J aok Zitn, by S. Baring Gould,' oneofthe'm'ost versatile and successful writers of the day. The Kov. Sabine Baring M A una linrn in T3ofcer in 1834. WAS educated at Cambridge," and was afterwards incumbent of Dalton, Tliirsk, .nnd later of Oololiettor. Hla writings havo covered almost every possible field of literary labor. - Ho has produced numerous biograpllios, histories, worke on folk lore, tho olden times, religious beliefs, aoienoe aud music. He has published many volumes of leoturoB on both popular and serious subjects. Ho has written hymns and hymn tunes. In 1871 ho beoame editor of a quarterly review, and in Inter yoars, finding bis anonymously published stories achieving great success, he oamo boforo the publio as a novelist. Re -is the author of.fi fehalah, Court Royal, Pennycomtquicks, which was published in The Header » few years ago, and, other works whioh have won tho appreciation of tho reading public. His latest story is desoiibed as ono of powerful- interest. Tbo'eondition of the unemployed during the coming winter : will be ono .of tho problems whioh the Government will bo called upon to solve. There la accumulating ovidonoo that the stross of- oiroumstahcos will press very hardly on a large, number of . people, who, from ho fault of thoir.own, will be plnoedin a position of extreme privation. Tho continued depres sion, whioh io crippling enterprise,- lias taken nway tho opportunity of employing labor to advantage in this regular channola of industry, nnd it is undcniablo that special eaorgy must bo shown in order to tide ovor tho critical poriod. The Government appear alive to tho urgenoy of active effort They havo no desire to rosort to tho ordinary method of relief works, which ox- perionco has proved to bo a very costly and un satisfactory way of mooting tho diffioulty. Any benefit gained in this manner is only of a temporary nature, and tho money expended usually serves no other purposo than' affording elemosynnry aid in a roundabout fashion. Ono ovil result, is that it encourageB the ooneontration of the unomployod in tho towns, and, instead of healing, simply films over tho ulcerous plaoo. Both tho Premier and the Minister of Works, in their reception of the doputationsfrom tho unemployed, have exhibited a disposition to avoid this error. Tho attention of tho Government is devoted towards utilising the surplus labor in a manner moro profitable to the aommunity, whoreby a permanent remedy may bo applied to the present state of things. Labor to be valnablo must be reproductive. Mr. Webb proposes to employ a numbor of mon in clearing malleo land to fit it for settlement, and the same idea is capable of develop ment in other directions also. There are desolate areas in tho worked out goldfields which may be vastly inoreasod in value by a small expenditure of labor in roughly preparing it for the purposes of cultivation, and the oost of reclamation could bo subsequently rooovoied without imposing any unfair bnrdon on tho occupior. The same principle is also capable of application totiiotbickiytimbcrcd Crown lnnds in Gippslnnd and other portionBof thecoiony, where tho initial oost of clearing is a groat impedi ment in tho way of individual sottlcrs. By this moans not only would the labor of the un omployod be turned to practical account, but an impetus would bo given to the progress of settlement. With a little encouragement no doubt a considerable proportion of those en gaged in this work would themselves become permanently attached to tho soil instead of swelling tho constantly increasing number of the floating population of the metropolis. The mystery of the mnco, if there bo nny mystery beyond a commonplnco larceny, still remains unrovoalod, despite tho efforts of inves tigation mado by tho sclcot committeo of tho Assembly. Tho report, which lias been pre sented to tho Premier, adds litrlo or nothing to tho pnblio enlightenment. The salacious scan dals whioh were diligently set afloat by society journals, eagor in their search for ssiiqafipnlipmT have beon shown to ho mcrelyyminhntiAiis 'from- the lying tongue of rumor, /without even tho shadow of foundation, which is (nua|ly ton Ins found under suoli oiroiimstnnc>.O.TIiore miiy fib a slight sense of satisfaction derivable- from tiio clearing of Parliamentary reputatioi/f jlniyuht-. justifiable bcsmiroliiiig, but tho coiporatt- iliglirty; would have beon hotter' conserved by treating the gossip of tho pavement witli silent disdain, leaving to the individuals assailed tho task of do- fending their own character. Indirectly aomo element of good inay be obtained from this practical demonstration of the infinitesimal quantity of faot which is necessnry to tho start ing of a blazing scandal. An interesting insight has been given into the manufacture of the etmcc piquantc of society journalism. If from ono illustration wo may arguo generally, it would be snfo to assume thnt truth is an ingre dient to be carefully eliminated, and that smart ness and a certain attention to vraieemblancc are the only essontinls. Tho conclusion of the board timt tho current rumors were only promulgated by idle talkers, assisted by tlio desire of a section of tho press to serve up to the pnblio sensational paragraphs, is amply sup ported by tlio admissions of those rosponsibio for the publication of tho damaging statements. The censure passod upon Detcctivo Lomnx is not undeserved. Even in his moments of recreation a police officer should avoid tlio invidious posi tion of constituting himself a channel for tlio wider dissemination of tho fiotinns of scandal. Apart from tlio investigation of those boneless minors, the inquiry was . one aonceriiing which tlio public took a very small degree of interest. In tlio ordiuaty mind there is lacking nny pnrtionlnr reverence for this emblem of Parliamentary authority, nnd, like tlio primrose to Peter Bull, the Iiistorio bauble is nothing more than a gilded ornaincut, whioh may easily bo replaced without detriment' to tlio stability of Parliamentary institutions. The okl mnco serves tlio purposes of ceremony anil 'utility equally well as did its more ornato and 'now vanished suoobssor. Tlio board lias boon unable to throw' any light on what lias beoomo uf tho stolon mace. Where tho police hnvo failed tho efforts of '"amateur inquirers wore hardly likely to succeod. Probably long ere this it has passed through tho ordeal of tiio melting pot, to tho disappointment of thoso who had hoon misled by hppcarnnco into attaching ail exaggerated estimate to its value. Tho reform of our system of oliaritnbie relief is a question which tlio Government will bo called upon to deal .with at no distant date. Matters in this direotion aro ovidontly ap proaching a oritioal period when- the intervention of the State in order to establish affairs on a sounder basis will beoomo inporativoly required. Many of our principal institutions nro drifting towards insolvonoy, and, through tho failing off in thevolumo of private subscriptions, owing to theprevailing depression, are brought faoo to faoo with tho neoqssity for curtailing extensively tho accommodation for tho Biok as tho only alterna tive to irremediable indebtedness. Indeed, tho banks are hardly likely to allow them nny othor 'than Hobson's choico. The Austin Hospital for Inourablos is endeavoring to grapplo with its difficulties by devoting a portion of its spaco to tho reooption of paying pationts, in tho hope that the revenue from this souroe may aid in maintaining a measure of relief to the poorer class of sufferers., -Tlio experiment deserves to suo- ceed, but it is doubtful how far this method will moot tho neoossities of tho situation. A radioal ohango of system is requisite. Hitherto the reoommondationa of tho Charities Commission have been pigeonholed, but tho Chief Secretary will find himself obliged to glvo a patient atten tion to this subjeot, and the labors of Mr. Zox and bis oolloagues may bo turnod to profitable account At tho samo time wo would gdviso Mr. Patterson to davote soma study to tho oxperienoe gained from a wider field. In a work recently published in London on tho hospitals and asylums of the world, will bo found a mass of useful information wbioh will servo to show tlio wisostooursoto bo pursued. The author, Mr. Henry C. Burdott, has given up 14- years to tbe formidable task of preparing a universal history and description of tho systems of ohnritablo roliof in vogue throughout tho countries of thooivlliecd world. Besidos having a oloso connootion with mcdionl charities and institutions for moro than a quarter of .a century ho has personally in spected, at least once, nearly ovory hospital of any importanoo in the United Kingdom, and has also visited tho ohief institutions in most of tho European countries, tho British Colonies and tho United States of America. His testimony is therefore that of an'oxpert in the highest sonso of tho word. Mr. Burdott finds that tho older civilisations supply an unduly large proportion of froo beds for tho population of their cities, a provision not without a pauperising inflacnoc. America is the home of tho pay system, and in an American hospital tho majority of thopationts occupy pay bods in paying wards. This is an example which wo should rather strivo to emu late. Mr. Burdott, novortheicsH, is no advoonta for tho abolition of voluntary cliaritios, and tlio substitution of rate supported hospitals in their stead. Ho believes that any change in this direction will involvo a diminished sense of re sponsibility accompanied by greater danger of maladministration and loss care for tlio oom- forts nnd feelings of pationts. This view is in ncoordnnoo witli tlio report of the committee of tlio House of Lords, who some time ago inquired into the methods of management of the London hospitals and other kindred institutions. In condemnation of tlio unwise extension of the out-patient system, Mr. Burdott speaks witli emphasis and goes so far as to assert tlmt " it would be a good day for everybody " when a general order was issued abolishing out-patient departments in tlio hospitals altogother for a time at leash The oporation of tho divorce law is watched with interest both by those who favor and by those who are opposed to any relaxation of the irrevocable principle of tho marriogo tie. Tlio incroaso in tho frequonoy of divorce is an in contestable fact but tliore is room for wido divorsity of opinion ovor tlio inferenco whieh jhliyMcgitmnteiy be drawn from this stalemont. Thb'jijijh to the courts since tlio alteration of tiio law hits rendered the severance of tho maritnl )find mortj easy may ho cited as a proof that a serious b/ow lias beon directed against the OhoftfV/ of marriage, but it also furnishes gVbnntT for tho argument that there were pre viously existent terrible wrongs whioh iinpcra- tivoly neoded redress. Even before recent chnngeswcro introduced, there was noticeable ill Viotoria, as in otiicr countries, a rising in tho divorce rata which wob necessarily attributable to other causes than ono having at that time no application. So far from suffering in pnblio esteem, marriage is likely to gain in appreciation by tho removal of sores whioh, in defnnlt of effectual remedy, worked inwards and helped to taint tlio whole institution. A study of tiio eases whioh havo been brought before tho courts either in Victoria or New South Wales sinoo tlio lnw lias allowed grontor facility of divorce will show that in tho majority of instances an urgent necessity for relief was disclosed. Terriblo suffering was imposed, and lives were hopelessly blighted by insisting on tiio inviolability of a contract from which all the essonoe of vitality had departed. When the condition of habitual drunkenness was added to tho causes of divorce, objection was taken that a fruitful opportunity would be given for evasion, but though there may bo danger from this sourco if the courts do not maintain a careful scrutiny, ample evidence lias been furnished of tlio justice of allowing relief upon this ground. To iako a reoent example suoplicd by tlio Sydney courts, ' tlio judgment given by Mr. Justice AVindoyer tn tiio case of Tote v. Tato proved convincingly the righteousness of dissolving a marriage under whioh the condition of the victim was mado onn of abjeot and helpless slavery. For years tho wife was treated by tbe husband with the grossest oruolty, and ber existence mado a veritable burden. Happily by tlie operation of the amended law an opening for safety was nfforded, and alia has been able to regain the freedom which under previoua oirciimstances would have been absolutely denied. Some light was thrown on tlio interpretation given by the law to tlie offence of habitual drunkenness.. It is not neeossary to assumo an habitual state of oxtrome intoxication. To establish the charge it is quite sufficient to provo that confirmed drinking habits havo been aoqnired which make a man incapable of controlling his language and notions as his reason would otborwiso direct. As Mr. Justice AVindoyer remarked, " It is not the man who is helplessly drunk who is dangerous, but tho man who is pliysioially oapnblo of noting, but over whom rqason has lost control.'' The annulment of marriage under such circumstances is both roasonnblo and right. ' Sir Oharlos Dilke lias doolared that he bns no confidence in tho future of Viotoria beoanso it lias no coal. If the anthor of Greater Britain bad mado himself noquointod with tho more reoent developments concerning the discoveries of carboniferous areas, in Gippsiand be might have been led to modify this unfavorable con clusion. There is ample cvldenbo to justify the belief that the colony will yot' bo i able to show a self sustaining powor to regard to this important agent of produotivoness. Tho biaok coal wbioh is beinglmined at ICoruraburra has |beon provod to bo of excellent quality, and tho extent of'the seams already dlsolosed is -sufficient to, satisfy any unprojudloed ;mind that the ibdustry is capablo of being .established on a permanent basis; At .other plaoes . within the. ooal distriot tho indioations nro also favorable, though there are difficulties to be overcomo whioh will require tho display of groator energy than has yet been exhibited. 'Tho same may be said of tho onormous doposits of brown oonl in South Gippsiand, which may bo utilised hero with tlio same advantage as on tlio continent of Europo and Now Zoaland if matters bo set about in tho proper manner. Hitherto there seemsto have beon a disposition on tho part of tho Bailway authorities to place obstacles in tho way of even giving tlio brown ooal a fair test. There is tho vie inertia of pre judice to bo overcomo oven -if more active anta gonism is prevented. In Now Zealand brown coal is vory largoly usod on tlio railways, though at tho outset a similar experience was passed through of contention with vostcd interests and other obstructions. Becont tests on tho Viotorian lines mado with a mixture of brown ooal mixed with biaok havo boon fairly successful and show that under proper conditions tho local article may be more economically utilised than tho Nowoastlc coal. If this can be established, tho advantage in tho direction of railway economy will bo vory great. Experts declare that to lesson tho cost of fuel by Id. per train milo is equivalent to a saving of about £50,000 per annum, whilst at tho samo time tho end will bo gainod of developing n local industry. This is an inducement well worth trying for, nnd it is surprising that any diffioulty should have beon placed in tho way of its realisation. Under the now management a greater disposition lias beer, evinced to onoourngo tlio uso of A'iotorian ooal, but complaints are still made that the retention of tho present rate of Id. per ton por milo for the enrriago of ooal is an imposition whioh crushes down tho prospeots of success. If the deposits of brown ooal oan bo turned to pro fitable account tbo colony, will reap a double advantage. A Now Zealand nuthority confesses his astonishment that with these fine ooai depo sits at command Victorian industries should continue dependent on importation from New castle. Tlio pecuniary misfortune whioh has over taken Sir Goorgo Dibbs personally does not seem likely to operate prejudicially to him in hla political oharaoter as Premier of Now South AVales. On tho contrary, it may tend to his advantage in arousing a measure of sympathy, whioh will boip to cover his administrative shortcomings. Ho is being re-elected without opposition by his constituents, and friends and opponents have vied with caoh other in their expressions of com miseration. Indeed, despite his finaneial stumble, Sir Gcorgo Dibbs is finding that the position is not without compensating benefit.' Tlio blows of bis oppononts aro blunted by tlio dosiro to avoid doing anything which will bear tiio appearance of jumping on a man when ho is down, and this whiff of porsonal good feeling has helped to brighten tho atmosphere, whioh othorwise was beooming stormy. In New South AVnlcs it is more easy to escape tho political consequences of bankruptcy than in Victoria. Here an uncertificated bankrupt is ineligible for eleotion, but across tho border there is no severer pcualty than a voidanoe of tho soat, whioh can bo regained by a renewal of confidence on tho part of tho olootors without any othor preliminary. Sir George Dibbs was fortunate nlso in tho onjoyment of a vory apt precedent. Six years before Sir Honry Parkos bad shown the way bow things should be arranged in sucii circumstances. Ho also vacated his scat on Recount of bankruptcy, but did not ceaso to occupy the position of Pre mier, and was re-elected without any hindrance to the progress of political affairs. Sir Goorgo Dibbs paya liim tlio compliment of imitation, nnd naturally Sir Henry Parkea cannot feel otherwise than flattered. How far the interests of the colony are considered in tho method of arranging the little diffioulty is a matter into which it would be hardly prudent to inquire. Mr. AVilson, of tho Inveetore' Review, may be able to add another shaft to bis armory of diatribe, but a modioum of venom more or less from this quarter will not mako muoli difference. The political outlook in Now South AVaies, apart from this intorlude, looks doubtful. Tho Government are hanging on to offico by tho skin of their teeth, but though oft defeated in their legislature intentions will not givo up the ' ghost whilst they retain a vestige ' of the majority whioh sustains them in power when their position is dircotly cliallongcd. Sir Henry Parkee is almost plain tive in his complaints that tbe Government will not die although thoy havo been honorably killed over and over again. If tlie precedent of his own creation did not stick in bis throat, be might turn tlie present occasion to acconnt, but lie is precluded from action by tho faot that his own faux pae was obligingly overlooked. The eleetoral campaign in South Australia i9 in full awing. Tho Premier, Sir John Downer, has enunciated tho Government policy in the speech delivered before his constituents at Gawlor, nnd now every politician in the paok ' is utilising his opportunities to piok boles in the programme or to find reasonswhioh ahall con- ' vineo his particular share of tho etootors that he -' is right in giving it his support. Tho most- notable feature of Sir John Downer's utteranoe is the determination expressed to profor practi cal to pyrotoohnicnl loglslation. He considers' that tlie times are too serious for the display of fireworks, and would extend the policy of rest and quiet for an indefinite period. His - predecessors, according to Sir John Downer's' view of tho situation, wore ojeoted from offioei because thoy sought to do too muoh, and he is : resolved that ho will not offend in the same mannor. On tho other hand, ho is not content to bo' under the imputation of having no policy at all, and he is ready with plans for assisting the development of natural indnstrios and " encouraging -the progress of settlement through-' out tho oountry. In South Australia, as to other Australian colonics at the present jnnoture, the adjustment of the finanooa is the primary consideration. Deoplte increases of i taxation, tho dangor of a deficit is not yet' . ' warded off, and tho temporary inoraaso of tho-' ''income tax' b to lie converted into a permanent impost. Tho ' succession duties hro aiso lobe "established on ti progressive sonic.- The now taxos nro expected to prodiioe sufficient revenue to afford the Trensuror a fair margin between income and expenditure, but it appears by no means certain that this end will be aooomplishod without stringent economy is brought in to limit the outgoings. The strong point of the Govern ment programme is found in the anxiety to ' encourago production. Export bounties are to be offered on dairy produco and fruit, and tho wine industry will bo stimulated by the estab lishment of a wino depot in London. On ques tions of laud settlement Sir John Downer declines to leave tho beaten paths. Ho rejoots all fancy sobemes of alienation, but he under takes to throw open more' agricultural land for seleotion, and to build cheap railways for the purpose of facilitating tho transit of produee. Tho requirements of tho pastoral industry are also to receive attention, and espeoially an effort is to be mado to relievo the State from the crushing burden of compensation for improve ments which it foolishly undertook. On tho subjcot of federation, Sir John Downer, if not enthusiastic, is not hostile. He is ready to pro mote intercolonial frce-trado as a stepping stone towards tho broader object, but the question may be asked whethor tho movomcnt would not more readily follow than prccodo federation. Hitherto South Australia lins been lukewarm in the cause. It may perhaps be hoped that Sir John Downer will be able to infuse a little more spirit into its support. The retirement of Sir Samuel Griffith from Queensland politics is now an accomplished fact. He has ascended the bench amid a chorus of congratulatory culogin, hut bis placo in the political arena will not be readily filled. For two decades ho has oooupied a foremost position iu publio affairs, aud his ability and industry, amounting almost to the standard of tho genius which has boea defined as an inllnito capacity for taking painB, are qualities of leadership not easily capable of replacement. It is trno that his predecessor on the judicial scat lias avowed a lurking ambition to return to tho scono of earlier triumphs, but ill health nnd ago are two disqualifications, if thcra were no other, which will prevent Sir Charles Lilley roassnming the mantle of political direction. The reconstruc tion of tho Ministry has bocn undertaken by Sir Thomas M'llwraith, who, iu tho dofunot Administration, held what may bo dosoribed as conlitional equality with the Premier. Through the withdrawal of his eollcngue he rcvortod to an unquestioned right of leadership, and the temporary arrangement by whioh tho nominal leader of tho Opposition was drawn over to fill the prospective vaoancy quiotly oollapsod. Mr. Nelson, with coinmendablo judgment, acquiesced in the unavoidable, and ho has been rewarded by appointment to one of the most prominont posts in the new Ministry. As Treasurer ho will ocoupy a position of groat power and responsibility, and if tile, improvement in Sir Thomas M'llwraith's health should unfortu nately not ooutinuo under the ranewod strain which will bo put on it, ho will stand the next in succession. The new Government is not an exact replication of its predecessor. Messrs. Haiigkinson, Cowley and Unmack retire, and Mossrs. Lissner and Barlow are introduced in their places. In Queensland tho practice has been introduced of makingtheAgcnt-Gencralship apolitical office, and Sir James Garriok, who lias represented tho colony in London for several years, will bo expooted to givo way to Mr. Forrest, a gentleman who has mado his mark in mercantile more than in political circles. Tho formation of the Ministry is tho casiost portion sf, the task which lies before Sir Thomas M'llwraith. He is brought face to fooe with tho country at once, and thoro are conditions in the political situation whioh will require tho exercise of both firmness and wisdom. Financial problems will demand careful handling, and the separation qucstiou, whioh the ingenuity and porsistenoo of Sir Samuel Griffith was unable to overcome, is left as a legaoy to his successor. Thoro aro some indications that the acerbities of politics have been softened by the intrusion of mora important matters, but the Labor party will do their utmost to strengthou their position during the coming appeal to the constituencies. ; The oponing months of the year have brought npon Queensland an accumulation of disaster. "Whilst the southern distrlots have experienced the terrible consequcnoes of. .the flood waters, th'e'pastoral plains of the .western interior havo been subjected to a calamity more widespread nd .not. less aoute. Thero is somothing para- loxlcal in the statemont that tho colony should od suffering at one and the same time from the' extremes.of flood and drought, but tho apparent contradiction is easily explainable by a glance at thc.vastncas of tho: territory included within the one area. The . catastrophe whioh over-1 whelmed the capital and other southern towns was local in its significance, and great as was the magnitude of tho injury caused it may bo. questioned whether the crisis through wbioh: the . pastoral . industry has passed was not of even moro serious concern to tho permanent prosperity, of thocouutry. The long continua tion of. drought throughout tho central and western divisions of the interior threatened to bring riiin on tho grazier,, and towipo out the' wealth of flocks and herds which formed so large a proportion of the national . resouroes,'. All through, the western oountry sheep were perishing, In thousands, and the mosi doleful., accounts were received of the. inevitable eonsoquenocB,' wbioh nothing -but.: . an early breaking up of 'tho drought could avert The enormous stretoh of; pastoral , sonutry betwcen.Bichmond Downs iu the north '.and "Windorah in the. south was in eqtrhlly:bad ; condition. Stock were perishing in every direc tion for the want of feed and water. On some; i stations .tho boughs of trees 'were but down for I sheep fodder/ and while in. February tho Brls- < bono .Valley, was under water, tho sottlers in: i the Far -"West. were in danger of being-driven i cat through tho almost entiro 'absenoe of the l samo indispensable eloincnt . Tho- Alice River I hnd'not run since June, 1691; the water holes woro dry 30 miles east from Barealdine, and at the Longreach centre it was declared that failing rain in two months moro thero would not be a living orenturo on the ground. Fortunately, before the worst, tho long looked for change oamc. A rainfall, small in comparison with tho excess from which tho southorn residents have sulTered, but suflioient to avert the certainty of disaster, has fallen over tho drought ridden country and snntohed the pastoral tenants from irremediable ruin. From Thargomindali to tho outlot of tho Gilbert River, from Olonourry to Pentlaml, an expanse of 240,000 Bquaro miles, weloome showers have been obtained; with a prospect, according to tho weather forecasts of the Government meteorologist, of prolonged continuance. The power of rconperation in Queensland is very great, and tho losses caused by the drought will bo quickly overtaken if a succession of good seasons follow. The devastating hurricane which has recently passed over the New Hobrides is not tho only calamity whioh has befallen the traders and settlers who are striving to establish commercial relations with the islands. The injury caused by the storm, whatever Hb magnitude, will In time bo replaced, but the withdrawal of tho steamer servico whioh has hitherto maintained diroot conncotion between Australia and theNew Hebrides will it is fearod divert the wholo of tho trade to New Caledonia. It seems to be a pity that considerations of present eoonomy should altogether overrule the possibilities of future advantage. The subsidy whioh has been given to the A.U.S.N. Company for running a monthly steamer between Sydney nnd the islands did not amount to a very formidable sum, especially when divided between tho two colonies of New South Wales and Viotoria, bnt if tho penalty is not only tho loss of a growing trade, but tho endangering the Australian bold upon tho islands, the snorifieo will be a serious one. For the direot service to Sydney, New South "Wales paid £1200 and £1000 for tho outor island ser vice, whilst Victoria contributed £1200, and tho Now Hebrides mission guaranteed in freights and passage £1500 yearly. Even with this assistance, the coinpauy did not find its enter- priso a profitable undertaking, and it cannot bo blamed for throwing up the service as soon as tho subsidy was withdrawn. The colonies, however, ought to be able to con sider this matter from other than tho solely oommeroial standpoint. Allowing that tho trade in its inception was costing more than it was worth, thero was still not only the certainty of futuro dovelopmont, but tho fact that British, whioh aro really Australian, interests iu the Pacific woro being maintained. With tho abandonment of this position, France may be encouraged to renow ber attempts to oxtond her possessions in these sons. She is prepared tobe liberal in tho matter of subsidies, and efforts will certainly be made to scourc for New Caledonia all tho trade which Australia is allowing to slip out of her hands. The New South Wales Premier is credited with caring very little about- tho Now Hebrides, except as a means of barter with France for the abandonment of the convict Bystem at New Caledonia, but Sir George Dibbs has not the only voice on this question. The present is not a favorable time for urging any incronso of ex penditure, but considering the importance of the interests involved, Viotoria might do worse than scourc for Melbourne tho advantages of the island trade whioh Sydney is apparently willing to surrender. Tho deoision of tho Houso of Commons in favor of the establishment of tho system of payment of members is another onward stop in the path of democratic progress." It follows ns a nccossary oonsequenco on tho oxtonsion of the franohiso to include tho great bulk of tho work ing population. To givo a voto nnd yet to limit tho field of ohoico so as to placo a praotioal inhi bition on the selootion of representatives from among their own class is illogical and an anomaly. This viow was expressed in the resolution submitted in tho last Parliament by one of the Labor members, who asked tho House to affirm that the principle of gratuitous repre sentation limits the freedom of constituencies in tho selootion of their representatives, and that therefore a reasonable allowance (suggested as £365 per annum, should bo granted to members for their services in Parliamont. Thomotion upon that occasion was defeated by a considerable majority, but under tho altored conditions brought about by the general election a resolu tion of a similar tondonoy -has now been approved. Thero is nothing very radical or revolutionary in tho stop, although in Conserva tive oiroles tho proposal evokes a thrill of horror. Most of the legislatures in the world are paid, and tho contrary is the exception instead of being the rule. In Viotoria tho prin ciple has - long been in operation. If it has not raised tho standard . of Parliamentary representation it is certainly not rcsponsiblo for the deterioration whioh is traceable to causes of a totally different kind. The professional poli tician was known before the introduction of tho payment system, whioh has mado very little dif- foronoe boyond widening tho area of ohoioe and preventing tho wealthier classes from securing anything like a monopoly in this direotion. The provision for securing representatives from tho pressure of aotual poverty has helpod to olenr nway the suspicion of personal corruption and tho political ntmosphoro since tho establishment of the system has been wondorfully freo from the taint of soandnl. Members may bo willing to job on behalf of their constituents, but tlioy can bo oredited with kcoping their own hands off the spoil.! Although the Houso of Commons has endorsed tho proposal, and tho Government has promised immediate legislation, it is more than possible that .'the introduction of the system will yet be' delayed. "With "tho question of Irish Home Rule blooking' tho way,' and pointing inevitably to a dissolution, other legislation of an' important ohdraotor has little ohahce of reoeiving effective .consideration. > Still the time sannoti be 'long; postponed when the Honse of 0ommons,'like the.'mcjority of other legislative odies, will becomo a paid chamber,' 