A TRAGEDY OF THE GULF COUNTRY. Written for the Christmas number of THE NORTH QUEENSLAND REGISTER. BY F. C. URQUHART (Author of " Camp Canzonettes, etc.) IT is rather a lonely spot, the Eighteen Mile, on the Saxby River, half way between Nunebam and Doratal stations, in the Gulf watershed — lonely even now — though by reason of the frequent passing of teams and of mobs of cattle going to their doom in the boiling pots of Normanton, its loneliness is a good deal more broken in upon than in the year of grace 1874, when I first made acquaintance with it. Moreover certain gruesome associa tions connected with it have ceased to affect the present generation of denizens of the Gulf country, who only take a faint interest, similar to that taken (by those who have heard of it) in Caesar's Ghost, in horrors which were very fresh and real to the days I am writing of. Of the particular horror connected with the Eighteen Mile, few people have much knowledge, some few. Alas! now very few, old residents are aware of some of the external circumstances, but the inner and inti mate history of the dreadful business is now fully set forth for the first time by the only man living, who has the authority to speak. . . . . October, the 8th, 1874, had been a broiling hot day, and the cattle we were bringing down from Doratal to Nuneham were tongueing and getting wild-eyed and restless, and the leaders would break into an uneasy ran; so Perceval (our boss and part-owner of Nuneham) sent Royce forward to steady them, while he and I and the blackboy Sambo kept the tail of the mob up. There were some 400 in the mob, stragglers from Nuneham, that we had collected at the Doratal muster just concluded, and were now bringing home through the dust and heat of an unusually hot day of an abnormally hot Gulf summer. Up to midday we had been cheerful enough, but the heat and labor of driving the tired eattle had brought us to that condition of suppressed irritation and smothered rage so familiar to any observer of cattle-men and their ways. "Curse it," said Perceval, glancing at the blazing globe of fire rapidly descending towards the western horizon; "We shall have to camp at the Eighteen Mile after all. I was in hopes we might get to the 'Bluebush,' but them wretched, crawling cows and calves will never do it. We are in for a rush to-night for certain." " Oh, no, surely," said I. " They will be will be too tired to rush to night," "That's all you know about it," he replied, " its easy seen you have not been here very long. Why, not a mob has camped there for the last two years but what has rushed. I don't know what is the matter with place since the d—— niggers poor old Tom there." My droving duties put a stop to further conversation just then, but I resolved to ask Perceval about the killing of ' Poor old Tom,' as this was the first I had heard of it. Just as the sun was dipping the leaders of the mob, raising clouds of dust, and with much noise of sonorous bellowing, in spite of Royce's efforts to block them, broke into a run, and in two minutes were thrusting their muzzles deep into the milky-colored water of the box-fringed hole in the channel, of the Roxby, known as the Eighteen Mile. After hadf-an-hour spent in water ing the cattle, we got them up on the bank again, and Perceval sung out to Sambo to catch the pack horses, removing the saddle at the same time from his own horse, and I was just going out with the cattle, when Royce came up to us and said, 'Good God, Mr Perceval, you are never going to camp here to-night ? "I am, though," said Perceval, " there is no help for it; the cattle won't go any further." " They will rush. We shall be up all night" and Royce, and some thing in his tone of an almost plead ing cadence made me look at him, and I saw something in his eyes, which I did not recognise then, but which I have since known. It was the look that comes into the eyes of the death- doomed, who have no hope here or hereafter, the look of despair of life and of horrid, ghastly fear of death. "We most chance the rush," answered Perceval, adding sarcasti- cally as I left the camp: * Seaton says they are too tired to go to-night; judges them by his newchum self, I suppose." I stayed out with the cattle fill 8 o'clock, when Royce and Sambo came out, and I went in to have my supper, and just as I had finished the lumps of damper and beef, of which that meal consisted, Royce came riding into where Perceval and I were seated in the moonlight. "Are they all quiet ?" asked Per ceval. " Yes," said Royce, " all lying down." " All right," returned the boss, "tie your horse up and turn in. They won't move till after 10, anyhow, and Sambo can mind them till then." Now thought I, is my time, so after a little preliminary talk about the cat tle and the road we had come over, I asked Perceval to tell me about the killing of 'Old Tom,' which he had alluded to as we neared the camp. " Well," he said, "it is not a very long story. Tom Cook was working for me at Nuneham two years ago, and one night we were camped here in the wet—Cook, Royce, Tambo and I, just as we might be now. It was a beastly dark night, and because we had no tent, I sup pose, it rained all night. When I turned out in the morning, the first thing I saw lying on his wet blanket, not ten yards from me and within five yards of Royce, who was still asleep, was the body of poor Cook, with his dead eyes staring up at the grey sky, and about 6ft of a spear sticking up out of his body. I raised the camp, and I never saw a man so horrified as Royce; he was worse than Sambo, and could hardly help me to bury the poor devil. We just served him up in his blanket, after we had pulled the spear out of his body, and buried him down there under that big box tree you can see near the end of the waterhole. We looked round for tracks, but the rain had washed them all out. Sambo thought there was only one nigger in it, but I think there was a mob of the Miappis there, though why they did not wipe the lot of us out, I could never understand. I saw a lot of fresh tracks crossing the road next day, and I sent down for the Native Police, who followed them ****** gave them fits." "And what did you do with the spear?" I asked. "Oh, I don't know ; Sambo buried it, I think. 'Hullo, what's that?' he said suddenly. 'Oh! of course,' he went on, 'that infernal fool Royce talking in his sleep as usual ; that fellow has robbed a church, I think. I heard him say one night: *'Oh, God, my soul, my lost immortal soul !' and I woke him up, and asked him what the deuce was wrong with him, and he said he had dreamt he was in hell. He and Old Cook were great mates and he has never got over his death properly, and hates camping here.' 'Well,' but, I said, 'why should the cattle rush?' 'Oh, how the devil do I know?' he answered testily. 'I only know they do rush, and the in nfernal fools of blackboys always say, 'devil-devil sit down here,' and are as frightened as the cattle almost, though I and other fellows have often watched all night, and never saw anything yet.' Just then Sambo came into the camp, dismounted, and hung his horse up to the tree. 'Well, Sambo,' said Perceval, 'are they all quiet?' 'Yoii', said Sambo, 'that alogethr [sic] lie down now,' and then added, with a philosophic resignation to the in- evitabte that was most amusing:— 'Bimeby that fellow altogether rush.' 'Shut up, you fool,' said Percival. 'Look here, Seaton, I will go out with them now, and leave these other horses hanging up.' He went on: 'Then if anything happens, you and Royce can come out as quick as you like, and if all goes well, you can re lieve me at midnight.' With this he rode away. Sambo was already snoring, apparently untroubled by 'devil-devils' or anything else, and after two or three final whiffs from my pipe, I rolled round on my blanket, and fell into temporary insensi bility, induced by a long, hot, and dusty day's work. I had been asleep, I suppose, some two hours, or, as it seemed to me, about two minutes, when I was awakened with a sudden ness that startled me into full sensi bility once, and the feeling I immediately became aware of was one of overmastering fear, and small wonder that it should be so, for ring ing in my ears, as I sat bolt upright, with every hair of my head bristling on end, was the most blood-curdling scream thatl believe it was possible for human being to give voice to. Again it was given out shrill and piercing, with agonising terror in its tone; and as I looked round in the moonlight, I saw it proceeded from Sambo, who was sitting up, emitting those frightful shrieks at apparently nothing. I picked up my stock whip, and came towards Sambo, meaning to give him something to scream for, but as soon as he saw me coming, he jumped to his feet, and giving one more unearthly yell, rushed off down the creek, and at the same time I heard the thunderous sound of many feet, which told me the cattle were off the camp, and Perceval's raised voice reached me as he made vain efforts to check them. Thinking that Sambo had suddenly gone mad, I turned to Royce, and I don't think I shall ever forget his face. He was sitting np on his blanket, with the moon shining on his face, which was white and drawn, as of a man in mortal agony, and his staring eyes gazed fixedly at the place where Sambo had been lying, while his breath came and went in short, quick gasps. I shook him by the shoulder, and called him by name, but he seemed neither to feel nor hear me. I laid my hand on his forehead, and his was wet and cold. 'For God's sake, Royce, what's the matter?' I said, as I shook him again. 'Rouse yourself, man, the cattle are off the camp, and the boss is out there by himself; come on with me. 'What do you mean?' 'God's sake, did you say,' he gasped out, 'God is not here; only hell and the devil and I.' 'What do you mean ?' I cried. 'For heaven's sake, man, pull yourself together, and come on; don't let a mad nigger frighten you out of your senses. 'He saw it,' he gasped again; he saw it ; he knew him again; so did I. I shall know him for ever. All right, Mr Seaton,' he added with visible effort. 'I'm coming. I had an awful dream, and that yelling nigger startled me.' I got my horse and was into the sad dle, and off across the plain to Perceval's assistance, while Royce was still fumbling with the girths. It took me a good half hour to come up with him, and I then found him foaming with rage, in the possession of some 40 head. 'Oh, you've come, have you?' he burst out, as I rode up. 'Where are those other smart hacks ?—damn them. Why didn't you give a few more yells before you left the camp? Some of these crawlers might be deaf, you know, and didn't hear you properly; that's why I've got them here, while the mob has got over to the scrub, and gone to blazes." "Oh hang it all Perceval,' I replied to this tirade. 'I didn't yell, neither did Royce, but Sambo went mad and bolted into the scrub, and Royce seems to be struck silly,' and I told him what had transpired in the camp. 'I can't make it out,' he said, 'What the deuce can be the matter with the infernal place, it always frightens the niggers and the cattle, and now it seems to do the same with white men ; oh, well we'll have to hold the brutes till morning, and then get the tracks t; thgy may go down along] tof tlreacrnls&ttd; if do a-:* -fc i - - \- ' ' ?- -*' ^ ^ -fast then otiose Hp auadj look 1$ « position. imi the opposite a^ei^ Ae cattle, «i& the evident! ideaof fceeping Glear of Perceval for a. time, t went round to get a look atbim, but as I approa ched he edged j off round the cattle, and I eaw It was his' intention to keep ef me also. ' Westayed with the cattle till the first|gray light of dawn appeared, and ght them to the camp, and oat of the remnants of last night's supper made a meagre and unsavoury . tfhere was no sign of Sambo j in the camp, and Perceval point-1 iag^to that black .absconders -aaddleandbritlle siad, " That infernal baa bolted^wait till I j^teb 'a itt ; . why Hoyce man,* he went oa tuning to him as he spoke,j /youlook asif yon had seen the devil > 1 HrSeaton here tells me yon were! frightened oat of your wits last night; j whatoaearth was the matter with, ^Well, Mr; Pew»va|/ answered fioyce, with his eyes cAfptaasly fixed i on theground, 'IdonVdeny I was! frightened, when I bo# that boy, fiu&fpiv; screaming, I thought the j blacks were onus and I got a bit of a j a start.* 1 Bit of a start,' t thought to myself, * that is one way of des cribing mortalterror.' Bat,' saidfe^^erceval, 'What] the deuce sfarigted the boy yel ling like thaf|if 'I don't know Fmsuxe, replied Boyce, ' unless he fancied he saw something ; ever since QVm| iltwilr * Voli stop that rot about Tom Gook,' interrupted Perceval * liook here. SeaAon, you and Boyce - pack up and bring on the hoisev and this mob of crawlers, and I will go do wn along the scrub, and if, as Ihope, I pick up air the rest of the mob, ! wffl meet you at dinner time at the Blnebueh, and if you come across Sambo tie him up till I come.' With this be rode off, and I carried out his instructions, .and started for the Bluebusb. Boyce was very silent and pre occupied in bis manner on the * road, but afler we bad been travelling aboutjkwo boms kinged up beside me,, and said: 'You axe a man of education, KrSeatoii, do you believe in ghosts ?' * Well,' I said, 1 there is a good deal , of evidence in favor of: ghosts, bnt I Irnve never seen one yet, an£I Can't convince myself of their existence till I do see one.' ' Ahj well,' he said, * ! saw ghosts last and I believe Sambo saw them too.' ?>,?. 'CtoocLheaveiis,' I exclaimed, * what ghoStswere they ?' Xlsaw his tanned face blanch visibly as I put the question to him, and he gave a sudden, look over his shoulder, asTMe answered me in a hollow whisper, atid soma niggers with nonsense,' I said, *you ebeen dreaming; It was that damper that did It I expect? why should Tom Cook and the niggers appear to you and Saimbo. bud not ID me ?' * Oh/ he answered, * I was a great friend of *his, and he liked |Jjunbo very well too,* Well/ I said, people who be lieve in ghosts Bay they only walk when they want something; each as to have a murderer brought to jostiee or to get tbeir own bodies found and buried, or something of that sort.* I looked at Royce as I spoke, and again I saw that look of I honor coming into his eyes and it was with a visible effort he . aid, ' Tom Cook would not walk for that ; he was murdered right enough-by the niggers-but Mr Perceval and I buried him, and the native police did justice on the niggers.' * Did they ?* I asked, *1 wonder why the ghosts of the niggers appeared to you as well then ?' Boyce looked at me again with j a sort of terror in his face, but made no answer, and wheeled his horse off to the left wing of the cattle. We reached the Bluebush at mid day and there found Perceval with the greater number of the lost cattle, and he also had the recalcitrant Sambo, tied to a tree, whimpering from the effects of recent ca£tigation. * I found him here/ said Perceval, in answer to my inquiry,' and my word I gave him what for; you can bet yonr life on that* he won't start another mob of cattle in the middle of the night, I'll bet; bat I can get no sense oat of the brute at all; be only says something about 'devil devils,' and * old man Tom1; I have dressed him down till I am fixed, bat can get no more oat- of him." It struck me that perhaps the pro cess of * dressing down' was not the one best adapted for getting an intel ligible account of things out of Sambo but Perceval having had far more ex perience of blacks than I possessed and being moreover a man not slow to anger, I refrained from giving utterance to my thought. We drifted slowly along through another broiling afternoon and reached Nuneham at dark, where, after much cracking of whips and and forcible objurgation, amid clouds of dust the cattle were yarded and, after a good supper and the never to be omitted pipe, we turned in for the first com fortable night's rest we had enjoyed for many weeks. m wnf" Next morning, came drafting and branding which occupied our time, with one brief spell for dinner, until mid-afternoon. When the cattle had been taken out, and let go, and when we had enjoyed a dip in the waterhoje, and a change of raiment, I with the events of our night at the Eighteen Mile, fresh in my mind, sopght out the boy Sambo, with the idea olf, if possible, getting some more rational explana | tion at his conduct than Perceval . bad succeeded in eliciting from him. Ilcrand him seated on tiiegroend, «fc theback of his bat, with his legs taoi^lDdflsb'ioasly curvii^ vitb a jack-knife, corioun marks and lines on a short oval-shaped piece of wood I * Edky Sambo' I said * what name yon mike him alotiga mundoey' 'Me make him letter alonga that one brother belonging to me longa Uralla * he answered* ' What nameyoa yabberlonga him?* I queried. Tain bo rolled bis eyes at me, looked over both his shouldera alternately and said,1 Baal you tell him longa that one boss, Mr. Perceval ?' * No,' I said, * I won't tell turn. What name you jabber longa letter ?' 'I jabber, said Sambo, alonga that one Billy brother belonging to mine * * Baal you go alonga that one hole, where you and me and . altogether been sit down longa cattle' Yoii me tell 'em that one no goodplace, plenty devil devil sit downthere.' . I said, 'look Sambo, baal yon frightened fellow longa me, me no coola./ you yabber and. tell him me fane fellow; what name yon been see 'em longa Eighteen Mile, and what for you been plenty sing ont, and. by-and-bye ran away, all the same wild-dog. Supposing yen tell him true, mine give it plenty tobacca longa yon.' ' Yoii' said. Sambo, laying down his knife and letter. *Budgery fellow you, me tell him true fellow longa yon, me been cabon knock up, me been plenty sleep bye-and-bye grass alonga my cobra* been plenty jump up. I been sit np; I been see him that old fellow Tom, where black fellow been kill him. I been see him three fellow blackfellow alonga him, and I been see him two fellow tree behind, all the same longa window; that fellow Tom been point longa Royee, and bye-and-bye he walk longa camp belonging to Royce, and three fellow blackfellow come np more further behind. I been see him one fellow, my father, where policeman been shoot him belonging to kilt him Old Tom I been plenty sing oot. 1 been ran longa Blnebnsh; my word, that one boss been plenty coola longa me.' . This with many interruptions and questions from me, which 1 have omitted, was Sambo's account of the ; night's disturbances. I was greatly struck with the similarity between Sambo's story and what Boyce had previously told me, and that evening, I asked Boyce if he had told Sambo anything about the ghosts he thought he had seen at the Eighteen Mile. (No, Mr. Seaton ' he said, * you are the only one I. told about it, I don't know why I told you, I don't know what could, have upset me that night; now I come to think it over, I see it must have been a delusion, there is no such thing as a ghost you know.' * Well, but Boyce,' I answered, 'it is a very strange thing that Sambo should have seen the same appearance that you describe, and at the same time too. "My God M?. Seaton,' he cried, 1 you don't say so' and again I saw that awful look of 'fear in his ?Hair on my head 5 eyes ' All well, * lie went on, recover ing himself with an effort, 'you re member you said it was the damper, and Sambo audi both ate a big feed of it/ * Yes,' 1 said, 'perhaps it was the damper, bat I did not see any ghosts.1 4 Oh, but yon see' be re plied, 'you only took very little of it.' This silenced, bat did not satisfy me. I reflected that if I had been asked what amount of damper would give a ! blackboy nightmare, 1 should have expressed my idea of the quantity by means of the algebraical symbol X to the power of N, but cogitate as f would, I could hit on no solution of the, to me, puzzling occurrence, and after a few days, [.dismissed it from i my thought?, as, one of those things, * no fellow can understand." Two years had passed away, and I, having given up pastoral pursuits, bad obtained an appointment in the Native Mounted Police, when, one day at my barracks, distant some sixty miles from Nuneham, a letter was brought to me, from my old boss Perceval. 'Dear Beaton (it ran) Please come over with your boys as soon as possible. Eoyce who lately received a letter from home, has been nearly mad ever since, and two days ago, he left the station with his swag on his back. The boys have since 8pen his tracks at the Eighteen Mile, making up the creek. As you know; in this cursed drought, the creek is dry from there, right to the head, so hurry up, as I am afraid, if not soon found, he may perish. Tours, W. Perceval.' lu two boons, the detachment was mounted and away, and early next morning, we reamed the Eighteen Mile, picked up the tracks, and began the painful and tedious task of fol lowing them. On the second day, we came on^tbe usual signs of the mad ness, which overtakes men lost in the bush. First, we picked up his swag, billy, and empty waterbag, a mile or two further on, his boots and trousers. I knew tfce end was not far then, and early on the third morning of the search, my corporal, whose eyes were as keen as those of CaiusCassus halted, and shading his eyes with bis hand for a moment, pointed out to me a small dark speck, floating and circling in the air, some distance ahead of us. It was a hawk, and its evidence was conclusive enough, so leaving the tracks, we pushed smartly forward, and within a quarter of an hour, we were gazing at the dead, naked, swollen, and distorted body of Eoyce. 'One mom perished from thirst Ik tihis awful and hideous bosh/ I thought, w I gave the order to the troopers tobury him as qnickly m possible, and this bang done, we made the best of our waj back to iiie Eighteen Mile, and thence home to the camp. . When I had settled down alt the bannocks* I proceeded to examine Royee's swag, with a vwisw to finding out who his relatives were, or where they lived, m these were points which, daring life, he had been, ex tremely reticent about. In the centre of the swag, I found a small leathern pouch, containing papers, and to my surprise, I saw that the top one waa a letter addressed to myself. Here aw the contents: Sab-Inspector fieaton, Dear Sir, I am going into the bosh to die. I know that you will find me, and get this letter. You were friendly to me once, but you will not be now. Never theless, I am compelled to write this. I am a double murderer. I murdered TonrGoak, and I let those poor blacks be ehot f or my rawiifi. I know now not the man I thought If m. I was a good and happymata, before I joined the ac cnrsed brotherhood, which has made a eriminal of me, against my wilL JSibw T know* that neither Grod nor man has mercy for" such a blood mercy stained wiietch as I isiiF ootich Fill the papers Yours,* . V .* " y-p*r-/r $d)ael Porter, Known to ynii if jSmi i w» The next letter was marked m the left hand earner, with the word _ ** copy"; aiid 'wiw addressed and ^Original in cy " Chicago. X Central No. 10. JTow cover' to Mr. Jolrn Brown, . Quay Street, Dublin. Honoured Brother, I have fbnxid the . , detestable spy and traitor, Patrick Beacdon hert^ passu^? nnder the name of Thomas Cook. I have- formed a {dan; whereby, thesentenceof dea%. -~T* ? " passed onhim, may fce carried only > ^Btad ill |au|n(3ffli diverted to thC savage aboriginals of the bosb. Please have the steel point, ot which I for wardtheplan, made at once, and for .% warded tiirougfa the nsnal channel, with oor.wor&of; vengeance engraved ] on it. The dimensions of the socket I I and spring mast be strictly adhered to. Greeting to Hie Brotherhood. Fraternally yours, EESb.imw The next letter bore the same head ing, and ran us follows: Honoured Brother, Hie decree is ful filled. The traitor, Patrick Beardon, has been executed. The steel point answered all expectations, the barb and spring working to perfection. At the fdfce I had decided upon for the execution, I had secreted a native speak " Camping thpre on a wet night, with the traitor and others, I arose at midnight in the pouring rain adjusted the steel point to the spear, and plunged it deep, at one blow, into his b'ack, and treacherous heart. In the morning there was consternation in the camp. The spear was drawn out of thebody, the barb and spring acted as I have said above to perfec tion, the wooden shaft coming out clear, leaving the steel point, with the word of doom engraved on it, buried deep in the body. Now that the work, cast upon me by the Brotherhood, is I fulfilled, Iproggose to remain here for catime. Fraternally yours, M. R No. 1159." The next letter bore a date only three months prior to that of the death of Boyee. It was written in ^ypher, hat Royce had attached m sheet, with an interpretation, written in pencil, and this is irfiiiititsaid " To No. 1159, of the X branch of the Brotherhood." " Fool 1 Ton have slain tlie wrong man. Patrick Beardon has been seen by the Brethren, alive and well, in Denver City, Colorado, this week. Yon have failed in your duty, and deceived the Brotherhood. Your doom lias been pronounced in full meeting, think not that yon can escape it." Chicago, X Central No. 10. I will not dwell upon my thoughts, after reading these extraordinary letters. 1 at once despatched a trooper across country to. Nuneham, with a letter to Perceval, asking him, as a Justice of the Peace, to meet me sib the Eighteen Mile, and then one? more saddled np, and, with a pick and shovel in my equipment, I lost no time in getting there myself. After a few hours of impatient waiting on my part, Perceval arrived, and after read ngRoyce's papers, at once gave an order for the exhumation of the body of Tom Cook. We fell to work and, after some trouble, among the earth and disintegrated bones, we found a rusty, pointed piece of iron or steel. After vigorous cleaning with sand, we saw that it was an octagonal piece of steel, pointed, and slightly barbed at one end, while at the other, was a socket, with a Spring, w de signed, that if aoytiiiog poshed it, it would be held fast, while by meansof an outward pull it would be readily released. On one of the flat surfaces of the octagon, we found, deeply en graved, the word DIAGHOLTAS* which Perceval and I; who had botti some knowledge on the subject, recog-, nised as the Gaelic word for " venge ance." "My God" said Perceval, as ire made this diecoveiy " this place must have been haunted after-all. What do yon think Beaton?" "I don't know/' I answered, and if the Deader asks roe a little question, I still most answer, "I do not know" bat this I do know, that since the day when, eighteen years ago, we disturbed noor Tom Cook's grave, and ascer tained the cause of his death, cattle camped at the Eighteen 1H1% have never been known to rash, nor have human beings Mack or white, ever been disturbed or frightened there. " Ho w^do I explain it P" I have no explanation, nor can I guess at on* unlesa, maybe, it is contained in the memorable words, once spoken by the Prince of Denmark. " There are more things in heaves and earth Horatio Than are dreamt of in oar ptukMophy." .Pronounced Gheoiias, -Fans. 