The Great Grill-Street Conspiracy. [BD Sca GILBERT CAMPBELL, Bar.] -(Published by Special Arrangement with Massrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) - CHAPTER I. GREAT GRILL-STREET. FEw people have a general knowledge of the locality known as Great Grill street, in the West Central district of town, though many have a dim recol lection of their fathers or grandfathers having at some remote period made allusion to its bygone glories, when it was the home of rank and fashion, and its streets resounded to the clatter of carriage wheels and the ring of the powdered footmen's gold-headed canes. But now, alas! its grandeurs have all departed, and the tall old houses present amelancholy aspect, as though conscious that their day had passed away for ever, and that nothing was left for them for the remainder of their brick nad mortar existence but squalor and degradation. * Flyblown cards, bearing the an nouncement that apartments could be procured within, decorated most of the window panes, and formed a lugubrious pendant to the huge iron extinguishers for putting out the links carried by footmen, long since ~dead and gone, which still decorated tho rusty iron railings of some of the houses. The street .was very quiet and intensely respectable, but the seal of desolation had been set upon it, and the lodging-house fiend had claimed the place for its own. A few children hopped listlessly about • on one leg as they played an eccentric game, the chief element of which was a marvellously crooked chalk, diagram on the pavement, whilst a perfect colony of cats of every size and hue slumbered peace fully upon the doorsteps, daring any canine foe to venture within their chosen abiding place. There was an air of deadly quiet about the locality, which was only broken by the un earthly yell with which the milkman seems to consider it necessary to an nounce his arrival, or the strains of some misguided organ man who has rash enough to pay the street a visit an act which he is never guilty of a second time. At one end of the street are the tall trees rising from the centre of the quaint seclusion of Battenberg square, whilst at the other is heard the thunder of the tramcars as they rolldown Theophilus-road on their way to the, far distant suburbs of the * northern portions of London. It was a bright sunny day on a July afternoon, one of those days of which we used to see so many, but with which we are now so seldom favoured; the dazzling gleams of sunlight remorselessly showed up the dingy brickwork, blistered paint, and the shabby dyed curtains which decorated the windows of the houses in Great Grill-street. Its bright rays darted into hideous little dens known as knife-houses, fashioned in remote corners of the area.?, and made the whole dinginess and squalor of the locality more apparent. A young mah, about 27 years of age, was walk ing down Great Grill-street, looking with an air of doubt at the cards with which the various windows were decorated, and occasionally taking out a han'1kerchief and wiping the perspiration from his forehead. He was a rather small man, with blue eyes and a silky, fair beard and moustache, dressed ina quiet suit of tweed, with a; low felt hat. He carried a silver mounted cane which he swung meditatively to and fro as he came to a halt opposite the door of 49, the fan light of which, of course, showed the card with the usual inscription of rooms to be let. He had already been into more than one house in the street, and he shuddered at the thoughts of en countering another vision of dirty rooms and slatternly landladies, with an endless catalogue of extras in the shape of gas, boot cleaning, and kit chen fires. It was, however, absolutely necessary that he should procure some place of shelter, and with a half sigh he lifted the worn knocker of 49 and gave a feeble rap. It seemed a good augury that be was not kept long waiting, for after the lapse of a few seconds a decently-attired servant girl opened the door and looked with a mute air of expectation at the visitor. ' What rooms have you ?' asked the young man, putting the query for about the sixth time that day. * 'Dining-room floor, sir,' answered the girl. ' Will you step in and see them ?' As she spoke she threw open a door in the passage, and, after a mo ment's hesitation, the young man entered. The rooms were not very different from those he had already inspected during the course of the day, with the single exception that they appeared to be scrupulously clean. There was a round table in the centre, half-a-dozen chairs, a large uncomfortable- looking couch standing against the folding-doors, a sideboard, and a massive arm-chair. There was a tall looking-glass over the mantel piece, which gave a greenish hue to objects reflected in it, the faded gilt frame of which was carefully protected by a covering of yellow muslin, and two hideous portraits of a man and woman in the tea-tray style of art, upon the walls. He was turning away from the contemplation of these gems of the limner's hand in some disgust, when his eye caught sight of a large table in one of. the windows. His whole face at once lighted up; here was exactly the article of fur niture which he had been so lonw in search of, and which he had always found deficient in every one of the rooms which he had as yet inspected. ' Here is my mistress, sir,' said the girl, as he turned towards her and put a question regarding theterms, and an elderly woman entered the room. She did not seem to belong to the same type of landlady, so many facsimiles of which he had seen during his search for rooms, for she was tall and gaunt, and although perfectly civil, without that gush of vulgar effusive ness to which he had been accus tomed. She was dressed in black, and seemed to he about fifty years of age. The terms which she asked appeared fair enough, and then the young man put a few questions as to the other lodgers in the house. 'You won't be much troubled by them,' replied the landlady, 'the3' are all young men who go to business at nine, and are generally, home and in bed by eleven, except the drawing room, and he is a bit irregular in his habits, but very quiet. I think he is something of a writing gentleman.' ' You are sure he is perfectly quiet ?' said the young man, who had some little experience of ' writing men,' as the landlady called them, and their quiet habits.' 'Some days I get quite frightened,' returned the landlady, 'for we can't *hear him stir for forty-eight hours, but he made the arrangement that no one was to go near him unless he rang; but now that we have got more used to his ways, we ain't afraid of its being suicide or sudden death, but you'll find him quiet enough.' After a few more questions and an inspection of the bedroom, which proved quite satisfactory, the apart ments were taken, and the lodger started off with the expressed inten tion of procuring his luggage and taking possession of his lodgings at once. David Acland, for such was the name of the searcher for an asylum, was the second son of a gentleman owning a small estate in M\farlshire. David had always betrayed a strong inclination for literary pursuits, and, as a youth, had filled the Poet's Corner of the local newspaper with start ling emanations of his mind. Having passed a brief college career he had managed to get an engagement on a journal published in a large manu facturing town, and after remaining in it for nearly three years had come to London with a view of making his name in literature. For a couple of years he had been fairly successful, and had even contrived to penetrate into the mystic circle of contributors to more than one well-known magazine. David had ever since his first ar rival in town lodged at a house in Bayswater, which had been recom .mended to him, but that establishment having been broken up he had deter mined to migrate to an utterly new locality, and it was with this object that he had sought for and obtained rooms in Great Grill-street. David Acland was a quiet .young man, but who, on occasion, could make himself excessively agreeable. Older men in the profession said that he would make his mark yet. He had received an order from a well-known publishing firm to revise and compile afresh a cookery-book for the million, and he proposed to break ground in his new employment at 49 Great Grill street. The work upon which he was about to engage is mentioned here to show that there was nothing romantic about it, and that it was not one of a character likely to excite the powers of the imagination, or to lead the mind to the field of occult and mystic science. This, indeed, was a subject of speculation upon which David Acland had never ven tured; but when the public taste re quired a good startling ghost story, he had sat down and evolved a fairly satisfactory one from his inner con sciousness; or, if this failed him, had hunted up some antique legend of bogeydom, which with fresh dresses and scenery he had presented to the reading section of the public. By six o'clock in the evening David had taken possession of his rooms at No. 49, and had with some glee ar ranged his writing materials on the table in the window which had caught his eye. ' No moving of papers with every meal,' muttered he to himself; ' and if the gentleman upstairs proves as quiet as my landlady asserts, I shall get through my cookery business finely.' As he spoke, a key grated in the lock of the front door, and a slow stealthy step passed through the hall and ascended the staircase. With an impulse which he could not con trol, David. sprang to his door, and opening it a little distance, peeped out. He was, however, only in time to catch a faint glimpse of a tall figure ascending the stairs, and a moment after, the sound of footsteps overhead *told him that this must have been the drawing-room lodger. CHAPTER II. IN THE SILENT NHIGIT. That night, David Acland, so as not to inconvenience his new landlady, dined at a small literary club to which he belonged, in a street in the neigh bourhood of Covent Garden. After a modest refection, befitting the strug gling literary man, of a steak and a pint of bitter, he went upstairs to the smoking-room, and in the course of conversation, casulIly mentioned his change of residence. 'What, restless bird!' said old Charles Welland, of the Morning Growl, who usually spoke in blank verse. ' Hast spread thy pinions once again, and leaving Bayswater with anl its Whiteleyan joys, has winged thy way to-Grill-street ?' In plain English Acland intimated that such was the case. ' Grill-street, Great Grill- street,' ex claimed Frank Stemworth, the artist; ' why, is not that where the Vampire lives ?' 'Are there any vampires, except those that suck the life and marrow out of old Ireland ?' demanded O'Kelly, the reporter for the lrergree, kanner of Killmaloon, rising from his seat, and advancing, pipe in hand, to tho centre of the room. 'Are there any vampires worse than the members of a Tory Government ?' ' Shut up, O'Kelly,' exclaimed Acland. 'You really don't mean that there is a vampire living in Great Grill-street; if so, what luck for me. There will be copy to be made out of him, I should think,' he added, turn ing to Stemworth. ' Well,' answered Frank, lazily, put ting a little more water into his glass of whisky, 'I don't know ex actly about his being a vampire; but, at any rate, he is a very curious old party, and came to our club under very odd circumstances. Do you not recollect,' he added, turning to Welland, '.a strange old party that Bob Mercer brought here one night, that talked about murder and mes merism, the duality of the soul, and the double corporeal existence, mixing them all up with a thousand and one ethics of dead and gone philosophers, so that we nicknamed him the Yam pire, because he dug up so many for gotten theories.' 'I recollect him,' answered XWel land, ' e'en too well, and can to my memory still recall my friend Roberto coming hither and saying that he his new-made friend had lost in murky shadow which does hang around the precinicts of-Great Grill street.' ' Yes,' continued Stemworth, gloomily; ' and poor Bob Mercer was never the same man again; and three weeks after his bed3 was picked up in the Thames.' ' What sort of a man was this vam pire, as you call him ?' asked David, interested, in spite of himself, at this strange story. 'I can hardly recollect,' returned Stemworth. ' Tall. I remember, and I think he had an aquiline nose and long hair; but you should have heard the fellow talk. I think that he could have charmed a bird from a tree.' 'Ah. well, perhaps I shall come across him,' returned David, carelessly, and then the conversation turned upon other matters. David Acland was not a man who sat up late in convivial society, and half-past eleven found him wending his way down Great Grill-street, with that feeling of fear and trembling with which a lodger always essays his latch-key for the first time. David inserted this instrument into the lock, and experienced a sense of immediate relief as it turned easily and the door swung open. The candlestick was on the table in the hall, where his land lady had told him that he would find it. He went into his room, lighted the gas, and going to his table began to arrange his papers for a night's work; and after one or two efforts began to make fair progress, and congratulated himself that he was in good vein. Gradually however his pen began to make slower progress, the pauses became longer and more frequent, and at length he sat back in his chair in a sort of half-dreamy state, which he once remembered having experienced be fore. But, though the body was in active, the brain was actively at work in endeavouring to repel a feeling of vague horror which seemed to be stealing over him, purging every sen tient faculty and casting a numbness over the workings of the mind. At last, he could bear it no longer, and with a violent effort of will, started from his chair and crossed the room towards the fireplace, and rested his elbow upon the mantelpiece for a few brief instants. The deceptive mirror, which appeared to reproduce all the objects in the room covered with a thin green mould, was not an exhilarating field to gaze into, and with a muttered ex clamation of disgust, he turned from it. There appeared, at times, to be a strange buzzing sound in the room, like the working of some small hidden machine; but when he listened at tentively to endeavour to discover from where it prcceeded, the sound appeared suddenly to cease. A strange, and to David, an utterly un known perfume seemed to pervade the chamber, an insidious vapour which crept along stealthily, and though not visible to the eye, made the atmosphere of the room thick and dimmed the gas. And, above all, was the insuperable feeling of horror that there was a some thing near, a something whose un hallowed influence was working, a spell of evil upon all things within its reach. Teo be continued.) 