j In Strict Confidence. (BY « Quia.") j So Sir Matthew Henry Davies and Mr. ;j Millidge are not to go untried after all. jj It is to be hoped this is so. The curious I ' series of obstados thrown by fate or 'I friends in the way of this prosecution will I only make matters worse for the chief I participators in the conduct of the Mer | oantile Bank when they come to trial. i This is a pity, for it is as little desirable û ; that they should be tried unfairly as that they should not be tried at all. Some '4 thing of the instinct of the hunter seems to have been evoked in the breasts of the ¡ enemies of Davies and Millidge, or, as they Iwould, perhaps, rather be called, the friends of justice. This legal hunt of the financial fox will be watched with interest by the sporting community, and, doubtless, odds are already to be had on the issue. YOUNG DEMOCRACY ON HIS TRIAL. j NEW SOUTH WALES : " Now, young Democracy, you have got to show just cause why you shall not forfeit that £40,000 a year Î " j YOUNG DE MOOD ACY : " Please mum, I haven't done anything." j NEW SOUTH WALES : " Bless your innocent heart, that's just what the trouble is." I Truly, all the world over, representative jj institutions are passing through a crucial j time. The violence of men overcomes the ¡1 dignity of representatives alike in the jj House of Commons and in the Parramatta Borough Council. The latter body is I making a reputation for itself. At the meeting on Monday last the corridors and hall were crowded with excited ratepayers enthusiastically applauding an alderman who was engaged in metaphorically pull . ing the Mayor's beard. In the end the I Mayor sent for the police, but nobody was arrested, which, perhaps, in the interests of the public, was a pity. If " represen- tative institutions " disgrace themselves as I they have been doing how long will it be, I we wonder, before a Cromwell arises to drive a council or a parliament out at the I point of the sword, amid the cheers of the populace? Í * * I * I It is not only christiane whose love for ,_ one another excites wonderment. The Mahommedans and the Hindus are equally capable of loving collisions. Those religious riots in Bombay show that what- ever civilisation may be doing in the East, christianity, at least, is making small headway. It would appear to have made scarcely any impression at all upon those who follow Mahommed and those who swear by Buddha. That is a live faith whose adherents will cut throats over greased cartridges or the death of co we, lt is bad that the British troops have been forced to fire upon and kill the subjects of the Empire in India. Shed blood leaves a nasty stain, and from the soil it damps grow a brood of evil passions and dark revenge. The Indian Empire is a mighty and astonishing thing ; but it has been conquered by the sword, and must be kept by the sword. Imagination shrinks from conceiving what might happen should the forces generated between Mahommedans and Hindus be turned against the British, and a greater mutiny be witnessed, with the ever watchful Russia, grinning like Mephistopheles upon the crest of the Himalayas, ready to claim its own when the fruit is ripe. * » . " The men standing at the forefront of the democratic battle, like myself, may be reviled and. bespattered by the press ; their blood even may be shed, but liberty can never be stifled. (Applause.) Ae good, great, noble, even nobler, men would spring up to take their places." This is an extract from a speech made by Mr. G. Black, labor member, in the Domain last Sunday. As an evidence of the shy, shrinking modesty of the professional politician, it is sui generis. We cannot believe with Mr. Black that " nobler men " than himself could be found to take his place if capitalistic tyrants shed his innocent, priceless blood. When nature made Blaek ehe broke the mould ; at least we hope so. Such conspicuous virtue and noble self-sacrifice are a standing reproach to the rest of the world. It cannot bear too much of these things whose cruel effulgence of virtue blinds it as too much sun-glitter breeds ophthalmia. * * In spite of strenuous efforts, the child slayer, Makin, on Tuesday paid the penalty of his mercenary Herodiacs, and has long ere this, doubtless, met the tiny accusing ghost which his rough and ruthless hands made so cheaply. What a story those small spirits will have to tell to God of the lust which begot them and the gold greed which slaughtered them ! For them undoubtedly it is better that they have gone, oven by the hands of the Makins. Nobody who knows the world will deny this. Life is the greatest misfortune that can befall some people, and it holds no com- pensation for the supreme evil which it is. If this be pessimism, then the wisdom of the philosopher and the bitterness of the pessimist are strangely akin. Those nameless babies which the Makins anni- hilated are saved, perhaps, from becoming what their parents were in selfish lust, and what their murderers were in grasping greed. * * The cultivation of coffee appears to be progressing favorably upon our north coast rivers. The climate, soil, and rain- fall seem to particularly suit the fragrant berry. It is curious that we should only now be discovering this. The rich volcanic hills and alluvial fiats of the northern rivers are well fitted for far more valuable products than they have yet been called upon to bear. As well as coffee, tobacco thrives there, but there is no heart in its cultivation. A curious incident in con- nection with coffee culture ocourred in Ceylon. In the first stage of coffee planta tion there, the coffee plant bore enormous crops and flourished luxuriantly. Then a blight came over the plant, and scores of planters were ruined. The coffee plant refused any longer to bear fruit. Then the happy idea struck somebody to try tea, and it was tried with triumphant success. The Ceylon tea plantations now rival those of the older habitats of the plant on the mainland. So that soil which refuses to respond to one plant should not, therefore, be condemned. It is a question of that affinity which is the secret of nature's pro- ductiveness. * * * In the Socialist Conference at Zurich, in Switzerland, the chairman, a Belgian, applied the closure during the speech of an Australian delegate, who was discuss- ing the question of a universal May Day celebration. The Australian delegate thereupon withdrew from the conference, shouting, as he left the hall, " Australia is worth ten Belgiums." A scene of uproar followed. This reminds one of the Premier's magnificent " Damn Chicago." What a reputation for downright impu- dence the Australian abroad is making for himself. Of course, it is good to be patriotic, and to have and display a high appreciation of one's motherland, but certainly it is not wise to do this by depreciating other people's native places. After the recent ghastly financial collapse in Australia it is too bad to rate this country as worth ten Belgiums. It is calculated to hurt the Belgian's patriotic pride. It was a foolish, provoking taunt of the Australian, but his capacity for sagacity was redeemed by the masterly retreat he executed from the hall after delivering his thrust. When you tread on the corns of an angry crowd of continental socialists in this way the best thing is to skip incontinently, and, when there is danger about, nobody understands the art of leaving in a hurry better than the Australian Socialist. The "bread and butter dance " has got as far north as Brisbane, and a short time since, in the Centennial Hall, the first one took place, and was an enormous success. | His Excellency the Governor and Lady Norman were present, accompanied by Rear-Admiral Bowden-Sinith. Lady Nor- man wore daffodil satin, and carried a daffodil bouquet. The ofiicers of H.M.S. Orlando were there, and among the general company were Lady Griffith, Mr. E. M. Lilley, Mrs. Seymour, Mrs. Perkins, Mrs. W. F. Wilson, Mrs. Eddington, Mrs. Leiper, Miss Elsie Byrnes, Miss Matilda Byrnes, Miss Lilley, Miss Wilson, Miss Stanley, Mies Molle, Miss Oxley, and Mrs. Scott. * . * The Admiral entertained the Governor of Queensland and a large party of gentle- men at dinner on board the Orlando on August ll. Mrs. Bowden-Smith also entertained a large number of ladies on board on August 10. 