? J cor rRicHT. J t Natures Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, CHAPTER II.— CONTINUED. BY A TEA W'ESTBURT. Lifting ihe uufortunatc shred of paper ogain, Howe saw that the portion torn sway was that containing tho_ advertisement offering the reward of £500. " It w;!s natural that he should seek to destroy it," thought Howe. Then he remembered Vane's singular melancholy, his lon«i reveries, those broken dreams and sudden exclamations. Tlxey were all explained now. What had he dene ? Of what crime had he been guilty? Was it murder? The thought was horrible to be the bosom friend of a man who, perchance, had the stamp of Cain upon him. To live, in the same tent, to cat. talk at the same board tocetlier as if that secret had not been ! The doubt was in itself more than mere pain to the mind of the cultured yonng Englishman. What then should lie do? Give him „p_8end information to Melbourne ? "No!" Fenton lay back in his chair, a* light glaring in his eyes. "Not mine the finger to be pointed at him," he said. " Of whatever he be guilty, I cannot forget that fcVas he who nursed me back from, the threshold of death to life. Judge iiot. So be it." Oue day when the young Englishman had grown well and strong, and while the Tifcori Valley rang with the sound of hammer and pick and cradle, "Vane came into the tent where his comrade was preparing the mid-,day meal, with a pale face and a staggering gait. "You are ill,. dear/Vane," cried his friend. . M 4 4 No. Let me rest quietly a moment, and when he had rested he said, " shake hands, Howe. Fortune has smiled upon us at last." The young digger stares at his mate in nervous excitement without a wofd in reply,, but there came an idea into his mind that Yane is in one of his moods again. For long and weary months these two men have fought a.stern light with fortune for a slice of her favors. With that fsverish hope, which gives us both strength and courage to gold-seekers, they had toiled and endured privation of AO ordinary kiud. Diggers each side of them, and round and about them had found the precious ore almost without an effort, but to them, work as tkey might, success seemGd to mock at them. Fortune hadebme ait'length, however* as Vane had said, and, motever, had showered her favors in such valuable quantity and quality on our two friends' that from henceforth they need toil and moil and starve no more. \- Then Vane told how he had found a prodigious nugget—found it at the point of his pick when about to leave work for dinner—a huge lump of shining gold, which taxed all his strength to remove from its ,bed. No one on the field knew that sacli a treasure had been unearthed until the Bank of Auckland had it safe in ttieir possession. Nor was this all; the claim which had yielded such a deposit E ihe precious metal must perforce be a lable one; and so it was sold at a good re, which added to swell the fortunes of lucky Vane and his comrade. Within .1 month they had decided; to leave the diggings, and return again to a civilized stite of existence. Both were quite satisfied with their experience on the Titori Valley. V What a human hive it is," said Fen ton, glancing round at the seething crowd. '' Toil, toil, toil, without respite, as if gold aione could sccure happiness." ; 4 4 Oh, it Is a fine thing to turn philosopher when the stone is fouaq!/' responds .Vane, laughing. " After all money is the great fetish in this age, and there i« a vfery good excuse for those who bow down and worship it. What can be done without inoney ? You and I, Howe, without gold were subject to much,privation and Buffering. To-day the case is reyersed. Ergo! we are philosophers, and are lifted out of the Slough of. Despond because we have some thousands of pounds at our feankers." 4 4 Gentle, eynie," cries the other. Was it your love of wealth which kept you here herding with these wretches, many 4)1 whom to my mind are scarcely superior todumb brutes." " No," ans were Temple Vane in a sub- 4 . clued tone. 4 Men of my temperament must do some kind of work for their soul's eake ; the harder the better for me, I dread drifting back again to Tthe idle ex istence which rule* in the fashiohable •world. Work, work is my salvation Howe smiles. VI'm afraid the fashionable world would not be pleased if it heard you, my "friend. It has used you very scurvily, no doubt." " Wrong, sir J Try again," cried Vane, 4 good humouredly^ 4 The world, fashionable or otherwise, uses a man neither better nor worse than he uses himself. In- Aeed, a great teacher has likened mankind, id a looking gliss. Smile, and they give i back a smile; frown, and a frown is re- j tarried to you with,interest. They left the jralley -and took up their abode at Tauranga, thirty miles distant* purchased what they required for the nonce in the way of clothing, then called In the aid of a solicitor to arrange their joint monetary affairs.' Tauranga, on the Bay of Plenty, is one •f the chief beauty spots in the whole of MaGriland, and here the two friends apent jsome weeks, shooting^ fishing, and boating. It had appeared a mutual point between them that" mention should not fee made of parting. Hitherto, lack of money had been the strong link which bound Vane and Fenton Howe together. New they were wealthy. Vane, at least, expected that his comrade would hasten his return home again, but Feitfon Howe eeemed in no hurry to depart. On a certain lovely night after dwoer, and while the pair enjoyed their cigars, Temple Vane broke silence on this subject. , . '« When do you intend going home, my dear Howe?" he said, Dear Howe takes the cheroot from between his teeth and laughs. 4 4 You want to fee rid of me, Vane ? ho answers, presently, with just the ghost of reproach in his voice. I, not so ; only you haws nothing BOW to detain you in New Zealand." Haven't I, though. Do you forget wcpromisedTe Hunna,the friendly chief, to pig hunt with him on Thursday on the ranges ; besides, 1 have reaily somethin to do «r©X leave this land of peaks an »wamp*> idwf Twe/' w p s h o a a d c t o i a d s s b w E t '* Afi, going to take some Maori curioc your friends in Yorkshire, I suppose," with a sigh, 4 'Perhaps," responded Howe, after a 4 pause. 1 By the way, did I ever mention to you having brought with me a couple of letters of introduction to one or two families hereabouts when I arrived from England?" " No. I am not aware of it." " Well, such is tli£ fact mon ami; only I confess I felt somewhat constrained to present tliera while" — while—" While you were poor, eh ?" suggests Vane. Just so. I could not go cn deshalile to the people whose names I have mentioned." 4 1 You have not mentioned any names yet," cries Vane, interrupting. 4 4 True, old fellow. L?t mc see," and Howe fumbles in the rcceeses of his pocket book, and draws forth two very tattered missives. 4 4 You have heard of M=ijor Weldon, of Pinefalls,'"' he says. Temple Vane stares, and his face becomes very grave as he replies in a low 4 tone, 4 yes, I have heard the name. The Major is the ownir of Pinefalls Station, I believe." "Exactly. Te Hunna tell3 me that the homestead is not more than a day's ride from Tonga's Peak yonder, and that Pinefalls is a lovely place, and well worth a visit." , Vane does not reply immediately, but sit3 puffing at his cigar and staring away seaward, for it is a moonlight night par excellence, the soft clear canopy overhead as clear almost as day. 4 4 Who are your friends mentioned in the other letter, Howe V he asks, presently. 4 4 Major General Sir George Ashford, of " Glencourt" on the Patea River. The estate almost adjoins 44 Pinefalls," and there is a —" Fenton Howe breaks off suddenly, for he sees an awful pallor come quickly into 4 the face of his friend. 4 Vane, you are ill ? What is it, dear friend V' he cries, rising. It is nothing," mutters Vane, tossing 4 his cigar away. 4 1 am not much of a smoker, and that weed is a very bad one, that's all. You were saying—" 4 4 Look here, Vane," saya the young Englishman, abruptly, laying his hand on the other's arm, and which causes his 4 friend to look attentively at him. 4 See here, old fellow, we have suffered much together, you and I, and I feel I have some right to know what makes you so tnoodly betimes without any apparent cause. Oounot you trust me ? I am a gentleman, and, moreover, I do not re quest you to con6de in me, out of mere idle curiosity. I must remind you that you Baved my life, and I am longing to pay my debt with interest." Temple Vane laughs. " My dear Howe, you are full of crochet* to-night. Believe me, there's nothing the matter beyond a fit of indigestion. Melancholy usually marks me for her own, after dinner. ' I feel I an: . not much of a com panionforyou at any time, but I have done my best not to bore you altogether when these fits are upon me. If, as you say I have done you a service, you can repay me by having compassion on an unfortunate dyspeptic by altogether ignoring his oddities." 4 4 I will try, Vane," replies Howe, with 4 an impatient gesture < But answer me one question—were you ever in doubt V "About whom?" " Any of your friends, for instance.' " Make the question a personal one, "and say Fenton Howe," "Very well. For example—^say you had a doubt respecting Fenton Howe— that he was not what he seemed scoundrel for instance, or may be something worse." " It is not possible I could fancy my friend a scoundrel." 4 4 But if you had a tormenting doubt that he was?" cries'the other in persistent tones. Temple Vane turns his pale face to c i r s t s t d l s ards the speaker with a shade of SUT 4 rise in his grave eyes. 4 Doubt has lain some of the noblest of mankind, 4 e says, softly. 4 The glorious intellect f the immortal SLa.kespea.re gathered ll the forces of its potent power to create Desdeuaona. Why? To show that oubt in the person of the noble Moor, ruelly murdered her. Doubt is one of he most terrible weapons in the armory f the principle of evil. It do; 8 not kill n fair and open conduct, but crawls like midnight thief to its victim. Had I a oubt respecting u>y friend, his actions hould be both judge and jury, and he hould fctand or fall qja these alope wjth "Ifou op® Vane, give nje y<w and," *u<jl fle»tp# ^Wp'g eyes are woist ith en^otiop. That night Vane lay awake tormented with troubled thoughts, but the young nglishman'slept well, and dreamedof he pig hunt on the morrow. CHAPTER III. A PIG HTJNT. The native settlement of Maketu, on the Bay of Plenty, Tauraiiga, consisted of about fifty wharves, the walls and the roof being built of a thick substance oalled Ki Ki, which is manufaoJured from the native flax, and is impervious tq thp fierce and constant winter r^ins. Thgse Unto ajce «.catt.ere(J. over a fine patch of clearing abont three hundred acres in extent, sheltered by the Tonga Peak Mountain. The place sw^ru^ed vitfy 49g9 almost every k'nd of mongrel; and the pack cauje barkipg ancji. snarling round the heels of our two friends, Howe and Vane, as they made their way through the village the morning following the events of our last chapter. Te Hunna, the Maori chiaft^ir), came forth to meet them, clad in his hunting toga of brown mica flax, his head adorned with a large toho feather. The Maori was surrounded by twenty of his warriors, all ready armed for the fray. Taurapga swaraiB with wild pigs, and a pig hunt is a favorite pastime with tbe Maori when he is not at =war with his neighbors or the Pakehas.. - The native uses neither horse nor hound in this pa§time ; indeed, the rocky country where the p^r^ers ^re njostly found, will not adniit of it. ^U that if required are sound li^ngs and a awifjt pair of heels. _ i Afjbfi): partaking of the chief's hospitality, whipl) jjpt }l)Uph to the tastes of the yo^ng jpejj.tfce party, yfth $p?eral dogs, headed for Toijga Peak, yhpre game was to be had in plenty. Temple V ane and his companion were both armed with a double-barrelled rifle, and most of the Maories carried fowling pieces. Jt prQye4 fto child's play toiling up the st £? si^e flf th^ \^ere there was no regy'ar path, saye tfyat ppade .by the,Maories with their toipahawks. "CJlpse on noon the pajrty emerged upon a patch of t-fr'pff gerub f and here the chief called a halt. J$iyi4ijig hi? mau two divisions the Maori dispatched one part to the eastward, and turning to Vaue and Howe lie pointed out a clump of gigantic kauri pines, rod g*T« vord to M7ABW< As we drew near the snot indicated the ountry surrounding became broken and rregular. Hugh kauri pine trees, some ising to a Ueigth of one hundred and ixty feet, grew almost side by 6iae, with hick coils of the New Zealand creeper— upple jack—curled and entwined about heir broad trunks and branches, and escending thence to the ground again ike ropes dangling from the spars of a tranded ship. At length they entered a flat space where the undergrowth was very rank and luxuriant. Here the chief halted, and directed our two friends to accompany two of his men to a spot lower down. One of the warriors could speak a little English. You know how to catch pig ?" said he to Howe. No ; I have never taken pars in a pig hunt before." 4 4 Ah, Pakeha soon sec." He dived suddenly iuto a thick copse of ferns, and laying down upon his face, besjan making a succession of grunts and squeaks so iiuitativ»-ly true to the noises made by the porcine spccies that Vane instantly brought his gun to his shoulder for a shot. The Maori laughed a queer noiseless laugh at the Pakeha's mis ake, and again repeated the sound?. Pig, him sly fellow ; smell Pakeha," said the savage, with a grin. 4 'Maori mor*} sly than pig. Him no like Maori, not a little bit. Maori fond of pig." And he laughed again, but no sound followed. Vane and Howe crouched down beside their swarthy companions for some time, when gradually they became cognisant of a low rustling sound some distance away. The Maori ceased his mimicry, and looked up with an intelligent glance. Presently the sounds grew nearer, accompanied by hoarse grunts, and immediately five or six full grown pigs, headed by a fierce-looking boar with long projecting tusks, cause bjunding forth, and. breaking covcr a 1 ; the sight of the hunters, fled swiftly out into the more open bush land, and in a line almost with the chief and his men. Here one of the dogs broke from the party, and the frightened pigs, catching sight of him, wheeled half round, and scampered away in another direction. Tally-ho! The chase began. Pakehas, Maories, and dogs were in full cry. Over fallen logs, and over deep creeks and gullies went the game, screaming with rage and fright. Tte dogs, with gaping mouths, stretched tfremselves out after their prey ; while the Maories, in frantic delight, leaped high in the air, uttering their terrible bat'le cry, their features distorted, and clearing space with their tomahawks at every bouijd. Tally-ho! over boulders, massive ard fantastic in shape, and standing like huge giants to bar the pursuers course ; over sharp jutting rocks and across deep chasms, where one false step would have been sudden death, Maori and Pakeha running and shouting, yelling and laughing, their breath going and coming in short gasps, each iB striving who shall be first in the exciting race. Tally-ho! through swamps and bog went the grunters for dear life, their long snouts covered with foam, their hair bristling like quills upon the fretful porcupine. The swiftest dog was within a few feet of the binder most porker when the boar turned at bay, and with one sweep of his sharp tusks inflicted a wound which totally disabled the poor brute Onward yet! The chase is now going at a slower rate, and the dogs are fast gaining on their pray. Te Hunna is leading the vim, and seems to have plenty of (•stay '* iti bim yet; Vane is next, smuggling like a second Deerfoqt fqr the lead ; Howe is half a mile away in the rear, puffing and blowing like a whale, and gesticulating like a madman. Tally-ho! A Maori pig hunt is a tine thing to test the soundness of one's lungs. At the bottom of a d°-ep ravine the pigs p t w t were run down, and the lihal struggle between them and the dogs took place. b One courageous brute, a large dingo, f seized the boar by the throat, and in spite of several wounds held on to his prey until Te Hunna came up, who, with one blow 1-1 - of C his keen Irnrtri tomahawk, fnmilK'Jti'lr split Rnlif the tllfl boar's skull in twain. Another dog caught a porker by the ear, and there held hpm until he was secured and filially despatched by one of the Maories. A fine plump pis tried tq hide itself behind a mass of rock that opened out to the hill above, but Temple Vane brought him 4IQWQ with a clever shot that won the goodwill of tlip chieftain. After the pigs had beeij despatched the ]$aories ijled and dragged them to the creek close fey, wheje they were thoroughly pledget}. i?he bqtgherinj* {%en began, and Efo.we noticed the Maories carefully esammed the liver of each pig. He enquired the cause, and was informed that a filthy disease is prevalent among the wild pigs of the Northern Island, and that the only way of detecting those diseased is by sundry white spots over the surface of the liver. A great crowd awaited us at the Maori village on our return with the game, Te Hunna insisted on Vane and his com panion dining with him off the spoil, and Feminine with him ^t % ifapy that nigfrt. To give the dinner iqore tone the chieftain sent an invitation to the missionary of the place—Hasker Bell— who joined the party forthwith, together with his assistant, Burke Brady by name, and the smallest, yet, wjthal, the iqerriegt and iposf antic feppite for sp adjpp in fchf colony. His brogue was most refreshing, and.his stories both original and laugh able in the extreme. This comical little joker kept the com pany in excellent humor until the small hours of morning, and when it was day he pfopo§gj|. t ( o show our friends the Hot Springs in tbe'viqi'ijUjr; The offer was accepted l)y our two friends, who, after iliey" had indulged in the luxury of a plunge into the river and had breakfasted, started off to Orak Hini on foot, accompanied by Burke Brady, who acted as guide, together with Mr Bell and Te Hunna. A dense fog lay upon the Waikato as they started ; they had scteral miles to Walk, but Ijefore they had completed their jojpney t^e fhiqjc'mujt had ya&isfyed; beneath the beams of the'sun,' and no w, what'a sight.' In swift' course, forming rapids after rapids, the Waikato was pllfngjng through a cj^on vajjey fc^weeri steep rising mountains ; its floods, whirling and foaming round two small rocky islands i" the middle of the river, were dashing with a loud uproar through the defile of the valley. A' 0 !* 1 " ^ white qlouds of 8<eam were . ascendin from jjot cascades falling into tfye ^iver and ffom basins full of boiling water slu in by a u hite mass of stone. Yonder a steaming fountain was riain and falling; now thi re sprang from another place a second fountain ; this also oeaseH in its turn ; tue» tso com menced pl&yiiig; simultaneously, one low at tbe river bank, and the other opywifce »?98 »frfKWft the lay continued with endless changes, as hough experiments were being made ith grand waterworks to see whether he waterfalls had a sufficient supply. Howe began to count the places where a boiling water basin was visible, or where a cloud of steam indicated the existence of such, but they became so intermingled ithin his vision that he was unable to survey them accurately; The region of springs extends along the river a distance of about a mile on both banks the larger portion of them being situated upon the right bank. It however, difficult of access, since the rapid stream cannot be passed close by the springs themselves, but only far above or below, and then it would be necessary to climb along the steep sloping river banks, covered with dense undergrowth, where the traveller, upon a soil totally noftened by hot vapours, would be every moment in danger of sinking into boiling mud. The party were obliged to content themselves with a closer inspection of the springs situated on the left river bank. The largest is called by the natives Puia-Tc-Muni, and is close by the bank of the river. The manner in which they practically experienced the intermittent properties of this fountain proves sufficiently how much cautiou is necessary in approaching such springs for the first time. Burke Brady, disdaining the warning of Mr Bell, and wishing to ecjoy the luxury of bath, plunged into the stream, when suddenly loud detonations were heard, and they saw the water madly boiling up in a basin yloso by. Brady started back again in terror, and gained the bank just in time to escape a shower bath of boiling water, for now, amid htesing and roaring, steaming water column was being ejected from the basin in a slanting direction, and to the height of about twenty feet- When the shower had subsided we stepped up to the • basin and found it empty, and were able to look down to a depth of eight feet into a funnel shaped, gradually contracting aperture, from which steam escaped with a hissing noise. Gradually the water rose again, and after the lapse of a few minutes the second eruption took place. Orakhini proved very interesting to them, apart from the many material curios in its neighborhood. Through the influence of Mr Bell and Te Hunna, they had an opportunity of witnessing the Maories at work, making rugs and mats. The flax plant grows most abundantly in every part of the Waikato. To the native it has proved the most useful plant in the whole vegetable kingdom, both ocially and pecuniarly; from it the Maori builds and ornaments his whare, manufactures his clothing, and it is also one of the best paying commodities of barter between him and his Pakeha brother. I<s growth is very rapid, the stalk shooting to a height of ten to twelve feet, the apex being crowned by pale yellow blossom, which has a pretty appearance while in flower. In a valley to the rear of the settlement we found the Maories employed on a plantation of flax. He.'e were a dozsn dark forms of both sexes squatting in a clnster cutting down the broad blades ; others werfe conveying it in bundles to a third party seated on the bank of the river ; the latter were engaged splitting the leaf and stripping off the inner fibre with mussel shells—a rather peculiar and dexterously managed process, almost impossible for any but the Maories themselves to execute with success. The fibre produced from the leaf is white in color, and is remarkably s.jft* and silk-like to the touch. Burke Brady took a leaf of it to make a whip for a Maori child ; he pqt it across, and then stripped off the inne? fibre by merely pressing the end of hiq thumb along it. ^be missionary informed them that the soft substance thus produced is called muka, and when dried and assorted is used in making the most luxurious mats and native apparel. " But you shall see them at work in the Kaitaka whare,"' said he, leading the way to a long shed situated on the rising ground above the fl-ix »bh. This building was close upon a hundred eet long, with a corresponding width, and contained about fifty native women and girls in groups of five and six, busily employed in the various stages of rugmaking. Here were a group platting the porcrti, a very common mat, only U3ed as floorcloth. The material used was composed qf ijnsomped fla^ split irjtq narrow sands aqc[ closely woven togethor. When finished it presen* ed a glossy straw-like appearance. They also make the whole paraphernalia of plates and dishes in use at the Hapu out of the same substance. The next party were engaged on the Icoro. This was manufactured with scraped flax, the machine used for the process somewhat resembling a harp After it came from this rqde appliance the ojat \yas o,rnameqte$ with various dyed taga, The dyes of different oolors are obtained with little trouble from the bark of trees in the vicinity. The rug mat most valued by the 4 Maories," said the missionary, 4 is the Kaita." This is woven of the very finest white muca, and is not sullied by any tag or ornament, except a border about a foot in width of a different color. The border is black as a rule, except when the sets of parallel zigzag lines and the spaces between them left l^qs forming a ljeaut\ful article. Speaking a few words in tlie Maori language to a grey-headed old chief who accompanied them, •Mi- Bell coudncted them to a tier of shelfes, screened by thick mats, at the other end of the whare. Here were piled np costly rugs and dresses, fancy articjleu in matting, and a host of brilliant colored 'trifles intended for the Auckland market. - The chief unfolded one splendid rug that especially attracted their attention. It was as large as one of our railway wrappers, dyed black, and with a soft v el vat like shade, its only ornament a white circle in the centre, about the si^e of a dinner plate. Howe held it in hig ha^fls #nirihg'ifft yea^y,' ^h'en" Brady, who'was standing at his side, seized hold of it. and throwing it over his puny form, strode majestically up and down the shed like a stage king. The Maories, as a rule, rarely indulge in laughter, but the antics of this lively comrade set them chuckling from left to right. 4t Arrah! X make a purty monarch, wid a thronn of gold'to sit on, and a togay like this atyjut me, an all the natives Of'the Vailjcato ' for ogr sul/j^jts, for by the whole of tUose"liiws,'iQS Iwra for my wtyc'^, <ah V exclaimed Brady, with a broad'grin wrinkling his rough face from brow to chin, and strutting to and fro after the manner of a peacock with outspread tail. Mr BeH tried to look grave, but couldn't manage it, and ca ^ fed hughing until, l^e vf.aa alittcfcU'convulsed; - - ^ "i'roth, I'd be a merrv king, ma bouchal !" continued Brady, with just the ghost of pent up roguery gleaming rro:n his eves. I'd bundle some of them spilpeens away down to the city of Auckland for a canoe fuil of whisky, an' blackaiV'in} that gave in before he emptied the third bottle, begorra I'd sentence him J to marry the ugliest onld hyena about the [place,—B» COP WW. JIB % 