?Ctteratnrt. THE SORCERESS. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of 'The Son of hia Father ,' ' The Chronicles of Carlingford,' ' The Rose in Jane,' ' The Greatest Heiress in England,' ''Whiteladies,' 'Within the Precincts,' 'It -was a Lover and his lines/' ''Adam Graeme,9' &a;, &a; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter Trvnr Colonel Kingswood, however, could not be moved either by Bee's representations or by anything said by his eon to grant to Charlie the permission, and the funds necessary, to pursue Ids studies in Oxford by going 'np' to read -'in the Long.' It was indeed very little that Charlie -said to his father on the snbject. fie ... . responded somewhat sullenly to the colonel's 'questions. ' So I hear yon want to go back to Oxford to read?' 'Yes,' said the .young man. ' Ton have generally found before this that by the end of the term you had had too much .reading.' . . Ho reply. . 'I suppose you want to be free of super ?visionand do exactly what you please? And you find it dull at home ?' 'I have never said so,' said Charlie. ' ' Yon ought to feel that in the circumstances ?it was appropriate that it should ba dnlL ??-j5-3ood heavens! were yon contemplating U-*£5uamHng yourself, rioting with your comrades, ^when your poor mother ? ' _ ' I have never thought of rioting with com rades,' eaid Charlie with averted head. 'One knows what that means — going np to read in the Long ; boats anS billiards and hotels, bands of young men in flannels loung ang about, and every decorum thrown to the winds.' Tne colonel looked severely at his son, who etood before him turning over the pages of a book in his hand, with lowering brows, and closed mouth. . 'You think I don't know,' he said sharply; 'but you are mistaken. What would have fteen best for you would have been the dis cipline of a regiment. I always thought so ; bat at least I'm nob going to permit every ?decent bond to be broken through.' 'I think, eir,' eaid Charlie, 'that it's ?enough to say 'No' without accusing me of things T never thought of.' 'lam the best judge of what is enough,' eaid the angry father. 'If you want a week or so in town I don't object ; but Oxford in the Long— No. I only hops,' he added ?severely, ' that there's no woman in the case.' Charlie's countenance flushed crimson. He gave his father a furious glance. ' If that's ? ??- .all,' he said. 'I may now go, perhaps?' ' Yes, go,' said the colonel angrily. He was himself sorry for that last insinuation as soon as his son had left the room. His angry eus piciousness had carried him too far. Not that he blamed himself for the suspicion ; bnt he was aware that to speak of it was a false step and could do no good. If there was a woman in the case that flying dart would not move the young man to peDitence or turn him from any ? . -dangerous, way. Colonel Kingsward, however, -. - . . quickly forgave himself for this inadvertence ? and reflected with satisfaction that at least he . : had pre pentad tne young fool from making an , - ,a&8 of himself for this summer. And in such «ases absence is the best remedy and hinders . much mischief. Charlie rejected with indig ? : nation, the week in town which his father \- ' offered. 'A week in town,' he said to Bee ?contemptuously. '? To waste my titoe and .... - debase all my ideas ! What does he think I . . . want with a week in town? That's the way a .... .. . fellow's father encourages him to do the best -lie can. Cats off all inspiration and throws . one on the dregs of life ! It's enough to make -a man kick over the traces altogether.' , \- . . ' But,: .Charlie,' said Bee, with timidity, . . . ?*' dotftyou think iffa'very very qoieb here. We . . ? . -have nothing to disturb ns. If you were to ?'.} ?. -?'?: 'try.idJad your work at home ?— you would have ??-^.V^the library: to sit in all the week while papa is '? ;, :?:'?, ''DbW reach of books, ont of reach of any , ', ... ?}. ... ?- -«o&oVrr;'3K'8 like telling a mason to build a wall without any stone.' 'The library is full of books,' eaid Bee, with arSStia indignation. . . 'What kind of books?— military books, and -travels, and things for referenoe — did peerages and so forth, and Borne of the heavy old re views and a' few novels. M&ch; good a man . who is, going in for real reading would get out of that';7 ''.'.'.,. ; 'But yon have your own books— all those that you carry about with you, Charlie. . ' O% v he said with impatience, ' what are they? Horrible cribs and things that I promised not to use any more.' 'Does Laura,' said Bee, with a little awe. 'say you are nob to use cribs V 'And as for the quiet,' said Charlie, con tinuing his' strain of complaint, 'if yon call thabqujet! When yon never know that next moment there may not be a rush down the nursery stairs like wild horses let loose, find ebrieks over all the house for Bee or for nurse, sending every idea out of a man's head; or else baby screaming fit to brine down the house. Yon know nothing about it, . . . to be ' sure, it is like talking to the wind to talk to a little thing like yon. A man can't . work unless he's in the right place for working. If any difficulty arises in a pas eage, fpr instance, what do you think I am to do here?' ' Do yon go to — — Laura when there is a difficulty about a passage, Charlie?' '' ' No, yon little f ooL' With a flush of anger and shame he begged her pardon next minute. 'But it is so hard to explain things to you, Bee. Yon are so ignor&nt- fnaturally;, for of course yon never were taught anything. Don't you know tbhab Oxford is fnll of coaches;' he said. 'That was jast what* I was thinking of, Charlie— if you will not be angry bat let me speak.? . i 'Speak away,' he said. This was on Mon day after Colonel Kingsward had left. The days which he. spent at King8warden were the heaviest, as has been jsaid, to the young party; nevertheless when he -went away the blank of that long world of a week, iwitborib any communication to speak of ?from without closed down alarmingly -npon the elders of the family. Even when ?pap», was. cross, when he was dissatisfied with his dinner or found fault with the noise of the children, it was more or lees an event. 'Bnt when .he departed there was a sense of being eut off from all events, separated from ;-the world altogether, shut out from news and ?the hum of society, which was very blank and ?deadening. See and Charlie dined alone and fit was dreary ;' they spent the evening together lor else alone— one in the library, one in the [garden, where the beauty of the summer even ting was terrible to the one poor little girl with (her -recollections, incapable of shutting them 'out in that utter stillness and trying very in effectually sob to be unhappy. When Charlie ?threw open the window of the library and 'strolled forth to join her as he generally did : it was a little better. Bee had just done very ?conscientiously all her duties in the nursery, had heard the children say their prayers, 'in which they stllL with a little pause :of awe, prayed God to bless dear mother— and had made all the valorous little efforts she could to keep down the climbing eorrow. *Whea she heard the sound of the library^wmdotr she quickly dried her eyes and eontaiveda «niile. And she was a very good listener. She Buffered Charlie to talk about himself as much as he pleased and was in terested in all he said. She made those little allusions to Laura which pleased him, though he generally answered with a scornful word, as who would say that 'a little thing like yon was incapable of comprehending that lady. But this was the sole diversion of these young people in the evening. People called in the afternoon, and there, was occasionally a game of tennis. But in the evening they wera almost invariably alone. .-,..?, They -were strolling'about the garden on this occasion while the young man bewailed him self. Bee, though she made those allusions to Laura, had sever got over that little chill in respect to her. which had arisen in the most capricious, causeless way when she knew that Laura lived in Oxford. Nothing could be more unreasonable, but yet it was so. It suggested something fictitious in her brother's eagerness to get baok and in his supposed devotion to his work. Had, his Egeria been anywhere else Bee would not have felt this, bub she did feel it, though she could nob tell why. She was very anxious to please him, to content him if possible with his present life, to make her sympathy sweet to him, seeing that he had nobody but herself to console him, and must be separated from Laura until October. Poor Charlie! it was- hard indeed that this should be the case, that he should have eo dull a home and no companion but his sister. But it could not be helped ; his sister at least must do what she could. ' You must nob be angry,' said Bee very humbly. ' It is only an idea that has come into my head — there may be nothing at all in it — but don't please shut me np as you do sometimes— hear me out. Charlie I there is Mr. Delaine.' ' Mister — what T* said Charlie, which indeed did not Bhow a very complaisant frame of mindj bub a curate in the country ia of leas impor tance in the horizon of the eon of a house who is at Oxford than he is in that of the daughter at home. ' Mr. Delaine,' repeated Bee. ' You don't remember him, perhaps, at all. He is the curate. When he came first he was said to be a great scholar. He took a first class. You need not say pooh I Everybody said so and it is quite true.' ' A first in theology, I suppose/' said Charlie disdainfully. ' No, not that— that's nob what people call a first. Mr. Burton, I have always heard, is a good scholar himself and he said a first ; of course you know better than I do what that means.' 'Well,' said Charlie, 'and supposing for the sake of argument that he took a first — what then?' 'Why, Charlie dear, he is an Oxford man too ; he must know all the things you want to know— difficult! passages and all that. ~ Don't you think, perhaps ? ' ' Oh, a coach !' cried Charlie. Then he paused and with withering satire added, 'No doubt for little boys your curate might do very well, .Bee.' ' He is, not my curate,' said Bee, with indignation; ''but.. I have always heard he was a great scholar.' I thought that was what you wanted.' ' It is not to be expected,' said her brother loftily, 'that you should know what I want. It is not a coach that is everything. If that were all, there need be no such things as universities. What a mau needs is the whole machinery— the ways of thinking, the ar rangements, the very atmosphere.' He strolled along the walk with his hands in his pockets and his shoulders up to his ears. ' I do nob think it is possible,' he added, turning to her with, a softened tone, ' that I could make you understand, for it is so different from anything you have ever known.' 'I hope I am not so dreadfully stupid!' said Bee, incensed. ' If Laura understands, why should it be so impossible to me ?' ' Oh, for goodness sake talk of things you can know something about ! as if there was any comparison between her and you.' 'I think you are very uncivil,' eaid Bee, ready to weep. *' I may not be clever, bub yeb I am your sister, and it is only because. I wanted to help you that I took the trouble to speak at alL' 'You are very well meaning, Bee, I am sure,' said Charlie with condescension ; 'I do full justice to your good intentions. Another fellow might think you wanted to have Delaine here for yourself.' 'Me !' cried Bee, with a wild pang of injured feeling and sense of the injustice and inap propriateness, the cruel wrong of suoh a sug gestion. And that Charlie could speak like that — who knew everything! It was almost more than she could bear. ''But I don't say that,' he went on in his lofty tones, 'I know you mean welL It is only that you don't— -that you can't under stand. - How should -she?' he said to himself with musing superiority and a nod of his head as if agreeing to the impossibility. Bee re sented- the tone, the assumption, the compari son that was implied in every word. 'I wonder,' she cried, 'if you ©vet tell Laura that she doesn't and can't understand ?' He stopped short opposite to her and grasped her arm. 'Bee,' he said almost solemnly, 'Don't! If you knew her you would know what folly it is and presumption to compare yourself for one moment ! — and do me the favor not to profane that name as if it were only a girl's name like your own,'' 'Is she a princess, then?' cried Bee, 'or an angel ? or what is she ?' 'She is both, I think,' said Charlie in a voice full of awe, 'at least to me. I wish you wouldn't talk of her in that way. I am sorry I ever told you her name. And please just let my affairs alone. You haven't been able to do anything for me with my father, which is the only thing you might have done — and I don't want to diBeuss other things with 3 on. So please just let my concerns alone from this day.' V It was not I that ever wished to interfere,' cried Bee with great mortification, and resent ment, and after a few minutes5 silent walk to gether in much' gloom and etateliness the brother and sister jbade each other an offended and angry good night. ' Chapter XXX. This made, however, bub a very temporary breach between Bee and her brother. They were a little stiff next) morning at breakfast and elaborately refrained from talking on any but the most trivial things, bub; by soon this reserve had broken down, and in .the evening, though Bee proudly ; refrained from any reference' to Laura; 'they -were as confidential as. ever. Bee's '-mind bad passed through various vicissitudes in, respect to this objeob of Charlie's adoration. He first over whelming interest h*d given way to a little doubt and this was naturally strengthened by the' over weaning estimate of tiS' unknown which Charlie thrust -upon her. ' A girl; is. Very willing to admire at secondhand her brother's lyre, bub when she is told that it is presumption to compare her self with that, divinity her sympathy is strained too far. Bee began to have an uneasy feeling about ' this unknown Laura. It was one thing to stimulate: Charlie to work, to ~ 8tir up all that was best in him, to urge him to distinguBh himself for Charlie's sake, oi for their joint sake?, if they married and became one, which was the only thing that could happen & Bee's idea/ — but it was quite another thing to pretend an enthusiasm for this in order that Charlie should be kept within ..her reach and at her feet during that quieb time ef the long vacation. Bee knew enough to know that severe work is nob com patible with much love-making. She im agined her brother strolling away from his books to take Laura out on the river or lie at her feet in the garden, which had become the habits of bis life, as he betrayed to her acci dentally. Bee thought with a little indigna tion that the lofty intentions which would probably end in these proceedings were of the nature of false pretences, and that the girl whom Charlie endowed with the most super lative qualities should not attempt to take him from his home for such reason— or at leasb if she did should dp ib frankly for love's sake, which was always a thing to be forgiven and not on any fictitious pretence. For Charlie being refused that heroic way of working, 'goingnp toread,' did not read at all, as was apparent to his sister's keen eyes. He did nob attempt to do the best he could, being prevented from doing what he desired. He settled himself, ib is true, in the library after breakfast with his books as if with the in tention of working, bat before Bee had 'gob through the little lesson which she gave every morning to the little ones Charlie .was out strolling about the garden, or lying on the grass in the shade with a book, which was either a novel or one which lay dosed by his side, while he aban doned himself to thought — to thought nob about his books ib was to be leared, for Bee, with tremors of sympathy in her heart, recog nised too well the dreamy look, the drooped eyelids, the air astray from anything going on around. From questions of study, as far as Bee had perceived in her short experience, the merest footstep on & path, the dropping of a leaf was enough to rouse the student. Char lie's thoughts were of a far more absorbing kind. Colonel Kingsward suggested once more the week in town when he came on another Saturday evening to Kingswarden. He was a man nob very open to a perception of the wants of others, bub as time wenfe on and he himself became pore and more Eensib!e of the ameliorating influences of sooieby and occupation the stagnant atmosphere at home where his two elder children were vegetating, so much against all their previous habits, struck him with a sensation which he could nob wholly get the better of. It was only nghb that Bee, at least, should remain in the country and in retirement the first sum mer after her mother's death. It would have been most unbecoming had ehe been in town seeing people, and necessarily, more or less, being Been by the world. But yeb he felt the stillness «lo3e round him like _a sensible ohill, and was aware of the great quiet— aggravated by his osra presence, though of this' he was scarcely aware— as if it had been a blight in the air. Ib made him angry for the moment, In other times his house in the country bad always been refreshing and delightful to him. Now the air, notwithstanding that ib was full summer, chilled him to the bone. When youare escaping from the atmosphere of grief anything that draws you back to ib feels like an injury. He was very cross, very impatient with the silence at table, the sub dued looks of the young people, and that they had nothing to say. Was ib nob worse for him than for them' ?' He was the one who had lost the most and to whom all ministrations were due to soften the smart of -Borrow. Bub afterwards his thoughts towards his children softened. It was very dull for them. On the Sunday even ing he took the trouble to press that week in town upon Charlie. 'There's a spare closet you can have ab my rooms at the office,' he said. 'It's very central if nob much else, and I daresay your friends will ask you out quietly as they do me. I think even you might bring up Bee for the day to see the pictures. She could stay the night with the old Hammonds and see Betty.'1 ''Oh, don't think of me, papa,' cried Bee. ' I would rather, far rather stay ab home. I don't care for the pictures — this year.' . ' That is foolish, my dear,' said the colonel. 'There is nothing in the leasb unbecoming to your mourning in going there. Indeed, I wish you to go. You ought nob to miss the pictures, and ib will be a little change. Of course I cannot go with you myself, but Charlie will take you, and you can go to Portman-square to sleep. You will see Betty, who must be thinking of coming home about now ; indeed ib is quite necessary you should settle that with her. She can't stay there all the season, and it is rather heartless leaving you like this alone.' 'Oh no, papa. It is I that wish her to stay. She would have come back long ago bub for me.' Bee's generous assumption of the blame, if there was any blame, excited her father's sus picion rather than admiration. He looked at her somewhat severely. '' I cannot conceive what object you can have in preferring to be alone,' he said. 'It is either morbid or ? In either case it makes ib more desirable that Betty should pome back. You can arrange that. We will say Wednesday. I suppose you will not be nervous about returning home alone?' ' But, papa ? ' ' I consider the question settled, Bee,' said Colonel Kingsward, and after that there was nothing more to be said. Poor Bee wept many tears over this compul sory first step back into the world — without her mother, without ? . She did nob mean (as she said in her inmost thoughts) ant/one else; but ib made the whole world vacant around her to think that neither on one side nor the other was there anyone to walk by her side, to take her hand, to make her feel that she^was not alone. Nevertheless, it cannot be denied that in the morning this was the first thought that came into her mind, with a faint expansion of her young being. - The change, though it was nob joyful, was still something; and when she set out with Charlie on Wednesday morning her heart, i{i spite of herself, rose a little. To see the pictures I The pictures are not generally very exciting and there was not, as ib happened, a sensation iu any one of them in this particular year, even had Bee been capable of ib, which she was nob. Bub yet she had a sensation, and one of the most startling description. As she was going languidly along, looking atone picture after another, mechanically referring to the cata logue, which conveyed very little idea to her mind, her attention was suddenly attracted by a lady sbanding in front of one of the' chief pictures of the year. She was talking with' great animation to some friends who surrounded her, pointing out the qualities and excellences (or non-excellences, for Bee 'was nob near enough to hear) of the picture. She was picturesquely dressed in black,.. a talT and commanding figure,' with a groat deal of lace about her and a fine profile, clearly cub and im pressive. Bee's whole attention -was called' to her as by a charm. Where^had. she' seen her before? She seemed acquainted ? with every detail of her figure, 'add penetrated by a vague reminiscence as 'of- some one who had been of personal -.importance to herself, though she oould not tell when or how. Who is she? Oh', who #she? Bee asked herself. She was very hanasonie^ indeed Bee thoughb her a beautiful woman'!' not young, which is a thing' always noted with a certain pain and compassion by a young girl, but fall of grace and interest: While Bee gazed, open-eyed, forgetful of her eelf, a young figure, very interesting, too, to behold in her deep mourning, and with the complete forgetfulnesa of herself involved in that wistful, enquiring, and admiring gaze, the lady turned round, presenting her full face to the girl's troubled vision. Bee felt her breath come short, her hearb beat. She fell back hurriedly upon a vacant place on one of the benohes which some one had charitably left empty. Bee did sot know who the woman was nor what possible connection ehe could have with her own fata, and yet there was a conviction in the girl's heart that she had to do with it, that somehow or other her life was in this woman's hands. It was the lady whom she had met that autumn morn ing last year in the firwoods round the baths, where Bee had gone to finish her sketch— the lady who had appeared suddenly from among the trees, who had Bat down by her and pointed 'out the errors in the little picture and advised her how to pub them right. The black lace which was so conspicuous in the stranger's dress seemed to sweep over Bee as ehe passed with the same faintpenetra ting odor, - the same thrill of unaccountable sensation, Bbo could nob take her eyes from this figure as ib moved slowly along, pausing here and there, with the air of a connoisseur. - Who was she ? ' Who was she? Bee ..turned as she turned, following her with her eyes. . .. . And then there oeourred the most wonderful r incident, bo strange, so. unsuspected, so unac- ?' countable, that Bee could scarcely euppregs a cry of astonishment.-: Charlie had been 'doing' the pictures in his way, going faster than his sister, and bad been roaming down the whole side of the long gallery While Bee occupied- .herself with .one:- or : two favorites. He appeared -now at a little dis tance, having made the .round' oi the. room, and Bee was the involuntary, much surprised witness of the effect produced upon Charlie by the eudden.- appearance which had so much esoited herself. He stopped short, , with it seemed a sudden exclamation, let -t'to ? book in bis hands drop in his amazement^ tbeii . cleaving the crowd precipitated himself upon tbe group in which, the lady stood. : Bee. watched with consternation the homed Meager , greeting, the illumination of his .boyish: facft ., even the gesture — boifi hands put forth and the quiver of his whole eager figure. . Sheeveji heard a little cry of surprise', from Jfehe ilady, who presently eepaiated. : herVeU Ironi her. friends and went on tvj£h Charlie in tTie closest,,: conversation. Ib seemea'|63e&aB; 8hejpa$ch^3n£ following them as wbIT^s,' sh^,coiflii[thjronj|Ti the crowd which gotPpe)im?en her_aSd; tbe%e . two figures, that therefore jijo. tvF£-* heads. BQt close together in ap'^lfchjb' ilthjrbiig.* Tbey.. seemed to drift ijrto'.Ja, .:. pojrner jwh^eV' the pictures . wereV,.'' pl.-;;po: importance/ where they wera r,compaifativ.ely undis turbed as if for the most ^confidential: talk. ~ It was nob mere acquaintanceship, & chance meeting with someone he knew ; it wa& utter . forgetf illness of everything else, complete lab sorption in this new interest that seemed to move her brother. . For a time Bee formed no conclusion, thought of no explanation, bub' watched them only with all her faculties. The catalogue which Charlie, had dropped was shuffled and kicked to her feet by the passers by, a visible sign that something unusual had happened. What was ib ? Who was she ? And then there darted into Bee's mind a sug gestion, an idea which sheoould not, would nob entertain. Laura 1 Was it possible that this could be Laura? The thought sent a thrill through and through her. But no ! no ! no ! she cried within herself, impossible ! This lady was years older than Charlie — of another generation altogether —not a girl ab alL She gazed through the crowd at the two heads in the corner of the. room, standing as if they were looking at the pictures. They had their backs to Bee and she could see nothing bub occasionally a side glimpse of Charlie's Cheek and the lace bonnet, with the unusual accompaniment of a floating veil which covered hia companion's head. She ? had remembered the veil af once— nob primly fastened over her face as most Iadie3 wore them, bub thrown back and falling behind, a headdress suoh as nobody else wore. Ib dis tingdished from every other head that of the woman who, Bee now. felt sure, was like some- - body in a tragedy of Fate— somebody who had to do, she could not tell how, with the ship wreck of her own life— for had she not ap peared, mysteriously from she knew not where, on the very eve of misery and ruin ?— and now was overshadowing Charlie's, bringing him some calamity. Bee shivered and trembled among all the crowding people on the seat which bo many people envied her and felb that ehe was retaining far longer than her shara. She was too much frightened to do as she could have wished to do, to rush after them — to draw her brother away, to break thespelL Such a dark lady bad been known, in story long before Bee was born. Could ib be true that hateful beings were permitted to stray about even in the brightest scene?, bringing evil augury and all kinds of trouble with them 1 Many a time had Bee thought of this lady — of her sudden appearance and of her questions about the Leighs — of something in her look, an air of meaning which even at the moment bad confused the unsuspicious, un alarmed girl. And now, Charlie. What was she? Who was she? Laura? Oh, bo, no; a hundred times no. If Bee could have sup posed that her respectable father or any mem ber of her innocent family could have wronged anyone ehe would have thought ib was a ghost-lady ominous of trcuble. Oh, what a silly thought in broad daylight, in the Academy of all places in the world ! There was very little thai) was visionary ot superstitious in such a place. Charlie came back to join his Bister after a considerable time with a glowing face. 'Oh, you are there !'. he cried. ' V ve been looking every where for you. I couldn't think where Trm nm»M have gqipfi ? ' *' I should have seen you had you been look ing for me,' said Bee. 'Well, never mind, now that I have found you. Have you Been as much a3 you wish? It's time to be moving off if you mean to get to Portman-square in time for tea.' 'Charlie,' said Bee,- very gravely getting up and moving with him towards the door, ' who is that lady you were talking to with the black lace about her head ?' 'Whab lady?' said Charlie with a very fic titious look of surprise and the color mounting all over his face. 'Oh, the lady I met— that lady? Well, ehe is a lady — whom I have met elsewhere.' ' I have meb her, too,' cried Bee, breathless, ' down ab the baths ius« before ? . Ob, who is she? who is she, Charlie ? I think she is one of the Fates.' 'You little goose,' cried her brother; and then he laughed in an unsteady way. ' Per haps she is— if there was a good one,' he cried. 'She is,' he added in a different tone,- and then paused again ; ' bub I couldn't tell you half whab she is if I were to balk till next week — and never in such a noisy vulgar place as this.' ' ' ? Then Bee's mind, driven from one thought to another, came suddenly baok 'with a jar and strain of her nerves to the question about Laura. Was ib possible that, this should be she? — for it was the tone sacred to Laura in which her brother now spoke. 'Oh, tell me about her, tell me about her !' ehe cried, in voluntarily clasping her hands. ' She isn't — is she? Oh, Charlie, you will have time to tell me when we get into the park. Didn't she want to speak to me ? Why didn't you in troduoe me to her if she is such a great Mend of yours ??- 'Hush, for goodness sake, now; you are making people etare,' said Charlie. He hurried her down the stairs and across the road outside, making her almosb run to keep up with him. 'I say. Bee,' he cried hurriedly when he had signalled to a hansom, ' should ?you mind going by yourself ? I hate driving when I can walk. Why, you've been in a hansom by yourself before ! You're not going to bs such a little goose as to make a fuss about ib now.' ' . 'Oh, bub, Charlie— I'd rather walk too and then you can tell me ? ' 'Oh, nonsense,' he cried, 'you're tired already. Ib would be too much for you. Porb man-squnre, No. ? . Good-bye, Bee. I'll look you up later,' he cried, as to Bee's con sternation ths wheels of the hansom jarred upon the kerb and she felb herself carried rapidly away. (To be continued.) 