The Doctor's Step-daughters. j.C.ir:::c nr. By C. Stafford.. . Chapter II.- (Continued.) The rain was beating also on the win dow of the consulting-room, making Clinton's dark face turn in that direction for a moment. The doctor, witli his hands clasped behind, and swaying from heel to toe, aud from toe to heel, as he talked, was standing before Clinton, ob serving, didactically, as he looked \ip at his friend, "My dear fellow, I.- own she is a nice child, but she is nothing else yet, in spite of lior twenty- one years. Her refusal isn't worth two thoughts. Besides, man, she taas a consumptive tendency. I am by 110 means sure about her chest, and you ilonlt want a sickly wife — you've had . Jrour share of nursing with your laiotkev. Look at the matter with a clear Jhead, Clinton. She's a nice girl, but she's jaot-the safest investment possible as a wife." Whatever sort of head Clinton faced !>he affair with, lie said nothing : he was not a man, at any time, given to lengthy explanations. He was a tall man, with a deep, pleasant voice, who did not find joo much space in tho small room for liis large, easy way of moving. He half let drop and then caught again a stick he carried, made a sign in the direction \- of the upper part of the house, and asked, " Will she be at the Lavingtons' to-night?" The doctor expressed himself incom- pateht to give a reliable answer. " All right," said Clinton, putting his long legs in motion towards the door. " You won't come up, and— hum — face 'out?" said the doctor. "No," said Clinton, shortly, as he carried, himself out. "Ta-ta, Morris; flad you've crossed the Rubicon with ei\ on your own account. Bad ten minutes, eh ? " The doctor gave an indescribable sound in reply, Clinton passed out into the street, and the dodtor turned into his own premises again. The rain had stopped, and Clinton crossed the road under the arch of a beautiful rainbow. He looked up at it, and saw four girls at the window above ' also looking up at it. His dark eyes instantly singled out one face in the group. As if by some electric influence Tina lowered her eyes at that moment, ,-and met the glance, a flash of regretful meaning in it, managing to make itself understood by her. Clinton raised his \ hat and passed on. Tina turned rosy ?e<' . Frances put her. lips close to Tina's ear, whispering, " Ypu do care for him." Tina shook her head and turned away. "I want a cup of tea— tea, not tannin, ' you know ; it mustn't stand more than two' minutes. I went into the drawing- room, but found no one there." It was the doctor who was speaking, coming in smiling and dapper. Whatever was his anger when he left Tina, there were no s:gns of it now, as he perched' himself on- a sealing-wax rea mniang-stooi m the neighbourhood of a stand on which was cake, &c.;, and began to helphim- \- self. -- There was a pretty little scuffle amongst the girls, all wanting to serve him at once. "Light the lamp under the kettle. Where's the teapot? Susan brought up the blue one with the tea ready in it." The doctor sat serene, in the ' middle of the melee . Tina was the only, girl who.did nothing, though tlie doctor nodded to her . in ah exasperatingly friendly manner.' The commotion had raised Jack's Spirits to such an extent that straight way, if anybody else's voice was to be heard, it was necessary that Jack should -be submitted to the discipline of having a dark cloth thrown over his cage, and Tina occupied herself with this act of = public benevolence. "Are you going With me to the Lavingtons' to-night, or have I to carry your excuses ? " asked the doctor, looking across at her again. " H'ow can I ? " she asked, looking shyly round, " like this ? " Tina's habit of violent crying, when the world was not going well, with its subsequent result of change in her ap pearance, was well known in the house hold. . The doctor looked at her criti cally, but chose to view the case favour ably,'1 and as no emergency was ever known in which he did not suggest some- \- thing, he now said, "Possibly a little rose-water, cold bathing, and judicious powdering might " He did not finish, but raised his eyebrows in good- natured, silent questioning as to what she thought of his recipe. "I should, perhaps, begin crying again . if I went." There was a chorus of impatient 3t Ob's I " from the others. The doctor felt, from something in the air, that he was not,, as he put it, " going to have any trouble with the rest ; " aud, perhaps, in proportion, experienced all the more annoyance with the member of his " jnily who was neither entertained by, jor at present entertaining to, any- jody." Tlicn I will certainly take care you are- not' my fellow-guest," he said, sharply, m a tone which brought a reminiscence of the scene downstairs. Tina was tired and unnerved. In the hour which had elapsed between the un- ' expected conversation in which she had heard that Edmund Clinton proposed to many her, and that her step-father proposed to marry the one girl in the whole town with whom she was on strained relations (above all things, so . it please you, over some dispute in con nection with a long-past church bazaar), she had cried bitterly — so bitterly that \- she was perfectly exhausted. Frances, , who liadheen out shopping, had happened to come to Tina's room, and had found her there actively employed in making herself ill—and a fright. Frances, after having had the whole story sobbed out to her, had brought Tina downstairs to have her nerves mended by a cup of strong tea. The .doctor, unfortunately, had come before the cure was complete, Tina broke down again, clasping her small hands tragically, and turning her streaming face towards him,, she asked wildly, " What am I to do ? " The a£>ctor had, as has been observed, .» temper, somewhere, though at came 'Surprisingly little to the surface. It now launched itself before the public for the second time that day- He took- hold ,o f the scarlet \- Heirs of the milking-stool as he sat on it, well forward, with his tea-cup, unaided exertions, maintain- veryi secure, 'balance at tlie end fefoeknee.AvhileHeMowlyiopped<n words, wjth.a; 'distinctness which . serm-brutality ; Yipu say you are Bfed:ehodgh0 'decide' what yonwoh'tdoj Ijpiherefore yoii ffcedlft . enoggB,' Ishonld argue, to iriakc up your riiind in regard to what you will do. Put an advertisement in some paper for a post as governess— that is what I should advise. Some position in some household will turn up for you, no doubt." It was like a bombshell dropped in the place. The doctor's quick cars caught five several gasps, and he himself brought his speech to a close with a -sixth To say the least of it, any apartment in his house would, at that moment, have been a more agreeable spot to him than the one he was now in. Out of the tail of his eye he saw the four girls he was not immediately addressing interchange a sort of " Can I believe my ears ? " glance, and Frances and the Chinee at once proceed to fold themselves, as it were, round the irritatingly hysterical person to whom lie had spoken. If that gimcrack stool under him could at a thought have been turned into a witch's hvonmsfciclr. the ohimnav mnnlrl c.arhi.ini v have been in request as an outlet for an injured step-father. Matters at this point, however, were made a little better by Frances's turning her head round and observing, in a loud whisper: " We none of us are liking it; but if you will let us be, we shall all come round. We will all try to do right."' " She's not tiyiiig to do right," said the doctor, not able to dispose of his feeling of having been dealt with unjustly at a moment's notice. " Herbertlna has shown a miserable amount of lit " "Littleness " was the word his short peroration had been meant to end with, but Frances startled him from finishing it by a shrill "Give over!" finishing her command by, "and be pleasant." The doctor was tickled — so much so, :tliat he involuntarily obeyed by throw ing his head back with a hearty laugh— i laugh in which his ears told him five distinct giggles joined. One even from the cause of the disturbance, who, Swing to the other girls stepping back, was revealed with a rather damp hand- cerchief held to her eyes, while the mouth beneath had a three-cornered smile of fun. " I say, Chinee," — the doctor changed the subject — " what a smell of paint tliere is in this room. You've been what pou call ' Aspinalling ' something again." " It is only this," returned- bhat young lady, apologetically, exhibiting an ivory- white paper-basket, not yet dry from its last coat of Aspinall's enamel. "I am going to put a rose-co'.oiircd silk bag m it, with ivory-white and ro-e-colour strings to draw up, and it will be lovely for the bazaar for the new mission-room on Carrington Bridge." Bazaars, unfortunately, were not just then a safe topic ; and, as it occuved to the- doctor that he might, perhaps, now retire gracefully without the aid of the wisbed-for broomstick, lie emptied his tea-cup, looked at his watch, and re- ' marked: "I have to call on another patient before my dinner-party. What do you say to driving with me, Chinee) old lady ? " Chapter III. — Wanted, a Situation. . By the time that the doctor started for the Lavingtons, Tina, in the bosom of such family as she possessed, was- commencing operations in connection with advertising for a situation as a governess. The girls had betaken them selves to the drawing-room, by tbis time, and when the doctor looked in there to say, jauntily, that- he was " going," it struck Frances that he was carrying out her instructions to be pleasant with painful thoroughness. Tina was seated at a quaint in laid writing - table, which, some how, in its severe daintiness of line, seemed to resemble herself. From the garden, after the summer rain, there was positively pouring into the room the fragrance of mignonette, honey suckle, and the strong spiced scent of ' early-blooming tobacco-plants, which Mr. Hanson, the doctor's young assist ant, had "gone in for "in a bed imme diately beneath the open drawing-room window. When the carriage-wheels of the exasperatingly smiling doctor had trundled up the street out of hearing, Tina began in a semi-angular hand writing, very much lying on its back, " For insertion in The Weekly Chronicle," adding the date of the next appearance of the Tory paper in their country town. She commenced proceedings just as she had' done more than, once when advertising for a cook or a housemaid to the doctor's household, only in this instance she used a sheet of her very best notepaper ; that much she felt due to herself. After this, with a beautiful caligraphy, the precision of which also offered her some mysterious comfort, she wrote : — ANTED, a Situation as— — She had got so far when Frances looked over her shoulder and arrested lier hand. Frances always was incorri gible in the way of interfering. " That's not it," said Frances. I've been looking it up, and I see that's not the newspaper way of wording it. They have a heading ' SittjationsW anted,' and then in the column below 4 Gover ness requires Situation,' so on, and so on. I've been inspecting the advertising sheet of The Christian World." " That was very good of yon, Frances," said Tina, slightly sardonically, rather resenting the excessively prompt and business- like way in which Frances had risen to the occasion on her — Tina's — account. " Perhaps if you would think instead of look, you would see that I couldn't, with strict veracity, advertise myself as a governess until I've been one. Could I ?" . _ . Frances had a habit of becoming momentarily deaf, when, any remark was made -calculated to interrupt the stream, er-alter the course of a flow of eloquence which she had started. She went on with immovable countenance behind the ostentatiously spread out Christian World. " Here is- one. This is how it reads. YOUNG French Protestant LADY (brilliant Musician),' certificated, Hamburg, and speaking French and English, desires RE-EN GAGEMENT. " Then comes another: GOVEBNESS seeks BE-ENGAGEMENT in a school. English, music, singing, and har. mony. " Then there's another : A GOVERNESS in a family, by Young Ladj (20). Certificated. English, French, music, drawing, and needlework.. ' " Then there's — oh, no, I am looking at the wrong column, somebody wants her — TjlAMJIiY GOVERNESS WANTED (near Crys- -L tal Paiace). Thorough English, French, and _ German, Music .(Theory), Drawing and painting, .. " That is how Frances, calmly proceeding in a kind of \- Jaskm'se-rbythm-ef t-oae-whiefe-wouW have -been effective at a penny-read- :-V'- A A experiencein- hX Hisj Smao h EpgliBb. French/ inath,, drills needJ«»: : ' ' "Gracious!" came a voice from a despondent-looking being seated on a hassock, with her hands clasped round her knees, staring sympathetically with the family grey eyes at an equally des pondent-looking Tina. " Gracious ! you don't need to be such a mountain of accomplishments as all that, do you ? " Bangles' — the dispirited speaker's— roice was the vox populi oi that- meeting The thought expressed by poor Bangles had been occupying everybody con? cerned. " No governess in this house- that ever we had, I mean — was that kind of person," Bangles added, before relapsing into humiliated silence. Frances lowered the paper so as to show a curling fringe of hair, two straight eyebrows, and a pair of flashing eyes looking over at the low-spirited group. " Ah, there it is," she said, " nobody's to blame ; but; you know, we never had good teaching. When poor mamma died, the doctor was so young that, for appearances' sake, our gover nesses were nice, elderly, mnch-heliind- the-time individuals. The doctor's way, too, of testing their suitability was always to ask them to ' play something,' don't you recollect? and we know whether he was qualified to judge even of that accomplishment." Various smiles flitted over the faces of the ladies of the doleful countenances. The doctor had once publicly made a . remark which revealed the fact that lie had mistaken the air and time of " The Campbells arc Coming" for the time with which the words of " J erusaleni, the Golden " are usually linked. " But what do you say to this ? " added Frances, with a change of tone, and an air of having reserved the best information to tin last, as her face was again obscured behind the paper. WANTED, a young lady as Companion Gover ness for a little girl. Pleasant home.— P. IV., The Rosaries, Wliitehampton, Hereford shire. The Chinee was the one who took upon herself to answer. She had her " pig tail '' drawn under one arm, and, with the waving unplatted qnarter-of-a-yard at the end, was gently flogging the top t ail of a chair, on which she was kneel ing with her face towards the back. " If Mrs. Van Wrexham didn't live next' door," she said., pitching high her girlish voice, " I should think, perhaps, she had gone to live at the Rosaries." (Mrs. Van Wrexham was a person possessed by a perpetually expressed desire not to hurt anybody's feelings.) " It is the sort of thing she would say," finished Chinee, "if she wanted an upper nurse:" Tina's face, which had brightened, lengthened again. If Mrs. Van Wrex ham was altogether sentimental Tina was three-quarters so; the remaining quarter of her coriiposition was practi cality itself; , but quality, however superfine, has, when opposed to so much quantity, to take a back seat. That tricksy magician, Imagination, had managed, in the second's pause, to call up before the three-quarters' proportion of that vitalised atom of the universe, figuring under the name of Tina West, a vision of Tina West herself, in her best white froek, meandering gracefully in and out of a sort of labyrinth or maze of rose- trees (standards, we may mention), lead ing by the hand an angelic child. The rose garden, Imagination said, would adjoin the grounds of an ancient nunnery, where in the moonlight Tina might wander (still in her white" frock), har hands fillad with rnsas. and liar eyes upraised to the moon (presumably the little girl had been put to bed), and meet the ghosts of pale nuns, also in white robes, pacing with silent tread, the ruined aisles of their old home. The honeysuckle, mignonette,- = and tobacco-plants had been the faithful; henchmen of Imagination herb. The- strong, pleasant scents had thrown an- amount of dreaminess into the air'Vhicli ' it did the girls some, credit to . haVe 0 yielded to so little. , "Perhaps the fact' .that both Frances and Chinee had slight colds had, something to do with their superior behaviour. . Chinee's observation appealed so keenly to the remaining quarter of Tina's, composition that she experienced a most painful revulsion of feeling. " Even if it was really a governess who was wanted at the Rosaries," she said, with a new sense of enlightenment upon the- ques tion of herself, ' I should never teach well. I never could teach Chinee, when I used to try." " Perhaps that was my fault," Chinee consoled her. " No, it wasn't," said Tina ; and Chinee knew, , in her heart, that the answer was just. "Do you know, I believe I could teach," broke in Frances, confidentially. " Whatever I do know, I want other peo ple to know ; and - 1 usually manage to make them see things. That's what the doctor, calls my ' bothering propensity.' I can't rest without trying to make them see things." " No, you can't," assented everybody, with not altogether pleasant meaning. " It is a pity you weren't the one to get wrong with Miss Lavington,"L said Excelsior. "What does it matter about that?" said Frances, with a seeming vagueness which turned out to be only seeming later. 'Housekeeping is my strongest point," observed Tina, humbly, as she still sat at htr desk, nibbling the end of her penholder, and looking tragically hopeless. Good- night, dear love, God keep thee in His care, Clinton was . singing at that moment in the Lavingtons' drawing-room, with this hopeless - looking person in his thoughts. My hands are clasped, my knees are bowed in prayer, (So they were, figuratively) For thee, dear love. God keep theo in His care. Good- night, dear leve. To be Continued 