GEMS FROM THE SCHOOLROOM. Miss A. C. Graham, of Anerley, has received a prize from the Univer sity Correspondent for the best col lection of schoolboy * mistakes'; and they are printed in the current number of that periodical. In an accompanying letter Miss Graham says;-« When I learned one day the remarkable fact that * Ilaied and Odessae translated Euripides', I felt that the time had come for action; I was filled with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts ; and as a means of spreading the ' New> Learning,' I began to collect from examination papers and answers in class what ever would throw the light on old subjects. I have been some years at it now, and have pleasure in sending you the subjoined twelve extracts from my 'genas.' They are all bona-fide answers, the spell ing and punctuation, being un changed ; in most cases I have still the original documents from which they are taken.' Among ' selected specimens' from Miss Graham and -others,_gitt£n by r»ur_ con temporary:, are the following: Divinity.-Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copy right to a publisher for a bottle of potash.-Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritians. The Jews believed in the synagogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshipped in groves of oak; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans.-Titus was a Roman Emperor-supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews-his other name was Oates. English History-Oliver Crom well was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ire land. When he was in prison he wrote ' The Pilgrim's Progress'; and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.-Wolsey was a famous ge neral who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being deca pitated several times, said to Crom well, 1 Ah! if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have been deserted in my old age.'-Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately. - Who was Henry HI? A zealous supporter of the Church, and died a Dissentry. "What is Divine Bight? The li UJI to &rr; -I 1 3 - 1-I-- T Church.-What is a Papal Bull ? A sort of cow, only larger and does not give milk.-Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIII. He said he was the son of a Prince, but he was really the son of respectable people. Definitions.-Phoenicians. - The inventors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal.-A native of Bechuana, in South Africa. Chimera - A thing used to take likenesses with. Watershed. - A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gen der.-Is the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical.-A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immaculate.-State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London Univer sity.- Hyirostatie-s. - Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man gets it. English Language and Liter ature.-Keats wrote a savage cri ticism on Endymion, which brought on consumption.-The sonnet is a thing that has its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzette).-Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention of Christianity 597 A.D., when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin French and the Danes settled the throne for nearly thirty years. Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He profains madness, he really only put it on but some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king o O O asked him if he would have some thing to drink and he had putJ poison in it and Hamlet said he | would wait till the Queen took it and then she falls down dead Ham Jet immediately stabs his father and drinks the poison and dies. What do you understand by the Augustan age in English Liter ature ? We mean the time of Caad mon, who flourished and wrote 'Comus' about the time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent. Miscellaneous.-Briefly describe the heart and its function or work. -The heart is a conical shaped bag. The heart is divided into .se veral parts by a fleshy petition. These parts are called right artil lery, and left artillery, and so forth. The function of the heart is be tween the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute. What is a volcano ? A volcano is a very powerful rock.-What is the meaning of mer de glace ? Mo ther of glass.-What are fossils ? Fossils are those remains of plants and animals which keep test when left; to themselves.-What fossil remains do we find of fishes ? In some rocks we find the fossil foot prints of fishes.-What are the metemorphic rocks ? Rocks that contain metaphors.-' What is the matter?' queried a teacher. 'You seem to be rather uncomfortable there,' ' I've got the interjection, sir,' was the unexpected reply. Explain the words fort and for tress. A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women in.-What is a Repub lican ? A Republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible.-The two chief volcanoes in Europe. Sodom and Gomorrah. 