a fearful cab ride. X HAD taken a carriage to go home from ) the meeting of the Benevolent Flannel 'sociabicn, of which I am a member, for it . as a pouring rain, and no umbrella was of any avail; arid we had gone just about half a mile through the dismal streets, when the- driver suddenly stopped, and called through the little window on the roof — " Madam." " Well," said I. _ | " Could you do me a favour — me and a poor half- drowned lady out here ? She wants me to take her in. Of course, it would be a good thing for me, with my big family and low wages, and it would be a charity to her, poor thing, on such a day ; bub of course, if you object — " "Oh no, I don't object," said I. "I wouldn't keep a woman out in such a storm for worlds. Let her in.". " Thankye," said blie driver. And I-opened the. door. In 'an instant a .woman had hurried in and taken her seat opposite me. She was a pretty woman, with a dark complexion and;. long black hair, braided oddly/enough - in-two pigtails " like a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps she was 30. She wore a mourning gown, elaborately brimmed, a breakfast cape, arid a little sealskin cap that might as well have, been a man's as a woman's. She had no gloves, no umbrella, no waterproof cloak, and I felt sure, as I looked at her, that she had been obliged to go out in the rain to call the doctor to a child with the croup, or to someone who had met with an accident, for she had seemed to for get her own Comfort entirely. I felt sorry foi her as she wiped her poor little wet hands on her handkerchief, aiid looked piteously at her web dress. But to speak to a stranger is such a step for a woman, and she had not uttered so much as a "thank you "-for my courtesy, though she had two or three times looked straight into my face with her big black eyes. I sab in silence, therefore, until at last she fixed a long steady gaze upon me, and said : " It is a wet, uncomfortable sort of world after all, isn't it ?" " Indeed, it seems so to-day," I said, with a glance at the lead -colon red sky. " And it never rains in heaven," said she. " Oh, no;" " I hope nob, I. am sure," said I. " Where storms do not come," she repeated, as though making a quotation. "Of course it does nob. But then," she added quickly, "you see one stays with one's husband and children at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wretched worid, one must wish to stay." " Indeed, yes," said I. And then, seeing th.at she was agitated, and remembering my fancy that she ivas going for a doctor, I said, haphazard: " And when anyone we love is ill, we grow gloomy, and fear all sorbs of things." " Yes," said she. " I have-a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children — pretty and good as a mother could wish — aud how anxious th.ey were when I was so ill. Terribly anxious. He cried — a great, stout man. Yes, lie cried. Of course the little ones did. And when I died — — " "'Whfen you died ?" I repeated. " Yes, when I died," she said, in a louder tone. "When I died, I say, lie fainted. Oh, you think it strange thatT should speak of myself so. Nobody believes me ; but it's true. l am not living; I am only mate rialised." I could hob make any answer to this ; I only shrank away into the corner of the car riage, for though I had no idea t hat I was in company with a ghost, her words made me nervous. We had yet a long way to go, though the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of the horse's hoofs, the patter of the. rain, and the usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice heard if it .became necessary. . "Yes," the lady went on — "yes, I have a friend who is a spiritualist; and I went to her ut once, and as soon as I appeared to her she kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I want to stay materialised, because, don'b yoti see, though it never rains in heaven, I must stay with iny husband and little ones, if I can. They'd miss me so." Oh, you will," I said, fn some trepida tion ;" you surely will. Let us drive to your house, and as soon as your children kiss you, you will know that you are no longer a spirit. Have you told the driver where to go ? Shall 1 2" She" put her hand, upon my arm and drew me down, as I arose to endeavour to: call the driver. " Stop," she said ; " as soon- as I cross the threshold where my corpse is lying I shall be a horrible ghost again, and frighten them all. Don't you.know that? Sib aown !" I sab down. . She kepb- her hand-on my . arm. "'Listen J" said she ; "ddnt you heat. the sounds behind U3 ? .Spirits coming to carry me to heaven. I don't want to go to heaven; but there is only one way to av.oid it. The spirits want a spirit to take away, and it must be a young woman's spirit. You— you are about my age, are you not ?" " I suppose so," said L " Yes," Eaid she ; " and have ycu- a hus band." " I am a widow," said 1. " Good," said she. " How lucky that is ! You'll want to go to heaven because your husband is there ; I want to stay because mine is here. Come. I'll send your, spirit with them— you'll let me) won't you !" I had grown very cold, and felt that I was trembling very much, but I found power to ask her what seemed to myself then to be a very important question. "How would you do it? It depends a little on that " "Oh," said she," as ioi"7low, there is just one way. I must cut your throat— but I have a very sharp- razor, and it won't hurt at all. It's much the best for us both; you see, my husband being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their white wings and cold hands will never know." She drew a razor from her pocket as she spoke and opened it. I made one dash; -foG the door — which I should have made sooner had I guessed at the hidden weapon, you may be certain— but as I did so her -face changed, her eyes flashed furiously, and -she elubched me by the throat. I gave a wild scream, the carriage stopped, and I heard amidst my terror the voices of two men shouting something close beside-us, Then the woman was struggling in a policeman's arms, and a gentleman held the razor in his hands and. folded it away in its sheath. There was another carriage besides ours, and these two men had sprung from it. "Madam; I hope you are unharmed?" said thePgeribleman, spearing with ai slight, foreign accents — " Yes, I ami thankful to say I am, '/said I. " You know what it all means ?" said he. "It was a fine mind that illness warped so terribly. She has been ill,'and! she believes herself now a spirit. It is a deliision of hers that if she can setid a spirit to' heaven she may remain here herself. " My poor Isadora ! Forgive us the terror yon .have -felt. We thought her well-watched; -bub she escaped us. I believe that dwelling too! Much/on spiritualism has caused all this." ' Thendijj bowed, and followed his wife into' the other carriage, and I saw her clinging to him -as they drove awa y.-&driieZcaid.; " i 