CURRENT TOPICS. The award of the Arbitration Court in the Helensburgh Colliery dispato appears likely to be acceptable to both particB whose in terests woro involved. The verdict is a compromise, as almost all awardB aro in whioh disputes of this nature are iuvolvcd. This is the first case which has come before the Court, and on tho whole it must bo admitted that this body promises to fulfil its mission wcil. We do not snpposo that its verdict will satisfy either the miners or the colliery managers com pletely. But to Batisfy either is not tho mission of the Court. Its duty is to suggest a modus operandi of a just nature. In the present case it seems to havo accomplished this. Remembering the ruinous strikes whioh have spread commercial desolation in the country in tho past, for tho want of the give and take spirit upon both sides, the community will view .with satisfaction the aotual establishment of a tribunal forsettling trndo disputes by an appeal to the civilised method of arbitration. We may tako it for granted that it will be long before either side to a dispute upon which an award of the Arbitration Court has been given will incur the responsibility of setting such an award aside. As long as tho decisions of that Court aro accepted by commercial liti gants the country will cheerfully bear the cost of its maintenance, for the interest of all aro bound up with this attempt to re move difficulties, and render easier and more prosperous the ways of trade. Mr. W. H. Mallock has been discussing tho question as to whether Dickens and Thackeray are " obsolete," and finds this is the case with Thackeray. Mr. Mallock's theory is not, however, sup ported by the figures of circulating libraries, which show that Thackeray has still a very large number of admircts among fiction readers. Of course, his works aro' still regarded as an essential part of every educated person's curriculum. But he novcr was, and is not now, so popular as his great contemporary, who, by tho way, ia also statod to bo declin ing. Someone has' been giving recently a description of Thackeray's campaign at Oxford. The. groat novelist relied upon his literary reputation to se cure his election, but to his astonish ment discovered that ho was comparatively unknown in Oxford, while ovoryboay knew Dickens. Ho wrote to his brother novelist explaining this state of affairs, and re questing him to help in his canvass— an offer which Dickens deolined. Thacke ray was, of course, defeated in his political aspirations, as he deserved to be, for he was an execrable speaker. As to his merits as a writer, thesn are based upon unchanging foundations. Thackeray's English is classic, bat his recommendations to popu larity aro not so enduring. The popular taste in fiction is u quantity not to bo de pended upon, and for tho present, it is evident that it has swung nway from tho novel of manners and elaborate analysis of character to books of u moro exciting nature. Not that we have no appreciation for character drawing, but that wo prefer it done suggestively, with blanks to bo filled by tho reader, rather than with that elabo rate anatomical wort by which Thackeray tires this generation. He arrives ut his effects too slowly, and those, whon ob tained, aro not exciting enough ; but that is- tho fault of the generation and not of the novelist. A certain amount of ecsentricity spices a strong character, and renders it more in teresting in the popular regard ; but the eccentricities of a weak character aro altogether uninteresting and profoundly ob jectionable when, as in th9 case of tho editor of tho Review of Reviews, they are continually parudod bofore a wearied publio, Sineo Mr. Stead left off swaying the policy of tho Empire in tho Pall Mall Gazette ho has fathered an abnormal number of fads. To oven ennmo- rate these would take up more space than wo are inclined to givo to much moro im portant subjoats. Tho latest oruzo of this gentleman is upon the spirit- medium quackery. In his own par ticular organ he publishes from tiino totimo communications dictated to him by tho spirits of the departed. The chief thing notiaeable about these oommunisations is their unspeakable mediocrity. Ia style Stead has always been tho priest of tho commonplace, though his mat ter has occasionally been wicrdiy un common, and perhaps it is only natural that he should havo been selected' as the instrument of all the dull middle class ghosts whose embodied kindred keep tho Review of Reviews alive by their subscrip tions. If tho spirits which speak through Stead aro representative of the intelligence of the other world, what an exceedingly dull place that world must bei Oliver Wendell Holmes suggests — though in the' suggestion ho only followed some of the moBt renowned of tho Fathers— that ona moment after death the conscience may be overflowed with all knowledge and compre hension. It is a sublime thought, but if Stead be right it cannot be true. The prospect of mingling with spirits which con tribute to the Review of Reviews adds one moro terror to the thought of death. How ever, thore is more ovidence that Stead is mad thnn that ghosts contribute to his' periodical. The federal feeling is evidently not progress ing as rapidly as some of its votaries would havo us believe, if we are to judgo by tho action of a Viptorian Customs official at a , place called Wniigunyah. The new bridge crosses tho Murray at this place, and this official has erected a gate at tho Vic torian end, which ho promptly closes, every night at 11 o'clock. After that hour passenger traffic across the bridge must cease. Naturally the rcsidants of tho district are annoyed at this strange develop ment of the early closing movement. What ever may bo the case with hotels, it is felt that to close the doors of a colony at 11 o'clock is unjustifiable. It is, of course, tho people who wish to cross into -New South Wales who complain most of tho inconvenicnco. At presont no body appears very anxious to get into Vio- loriu. Victoria has resorted to many de vices for kccpiug her wealth and the makers of it within her territory, but novcr such a paltry ono as shutting a back gate at night. The only reason able explanation of this action is that it is done to prevent stook boing smuggled into Victorian territory, and so evading the tax, while tho CuBtoms officer is enjoying his nightly rest, whioh he seeks rigidly at 11 p.m. But tho trade and pas senger traffio between two colonies should not be mado subservient to the somnolent needs of any official, howover ' admirable he may be personally. 