HALF A PLANET. [By Rev. T. De Witt Taluage.] "Lift up thine eves Westwards1'—Deut.iii: 27\. So God said to Moses in Bible times,, and so he said to Christoforo Colombo, the son of a wool-comber of Genoa, more than 400 years ago. The nations had been looking chiefly toward the East. The sculpture of tbe world, the architecture of the world, the laws of the world, the philosophy of the world, the civilisation of the world, the religion of the world came from the East. Bud while Columbus, as his name was called^ after it was Latinised, stood studying maps and examining globes and reading cosmography, God .said to him— "Lift up thine eyes toward the West." The fact was, it must have seemed to Columbus a very lop-sided world. Like a cart with one-wheel, like a scissors with one blade, like a sack on one aide of a camel needing a sack on the other side to balance it._ £Here was a bride of ajworld with no bridegroom". When God makes a half of any thing Ha does not stop there. . He make3 the other half.'. W e areall obliged sometimes to leave; things only half -done. But God never stops half way, because He-has the time and-the power to go all theway. I do not wonder that Golumbaswas-not satisfied with half a world, and so went to work to find the-other-balf. The pieces of carved wood that were floated; to the shores-of Europe by a westerly^ gale,, and two deadibuman faces, unlike anything he-, had seen before, likewise floated from the West, were .to him the voice of God, saying—i "Lift up thine.eyes toward the West.'' But the world then, as now, had plenty of can't-be-. done's. That is what keeps individuals back, and enterprises back, and the church back, and. nations back—ignominious and disgusting and disheartening can't be-doue's. Old navigators, said to y^ung-Colnmbua, ""li^eaaHr be-dane." j0ne'" -^Pbons? V. said, "It can't bag done. A committee on maritime affairs, toil whom the subject was submitted, declared? It can tbudone.' Venetians said, "It can'ti be done." But the father of Columbus's wife died, leaving his, widow a large number of Beat charts and maps, and as if to condemn tha slur that different ages put upon mothers-in-i law, the mother-in-law of Columbus gave hinrl the navigator's materials, out of which ha! ciphered America. After a while the story: or this poor but ambitious Columbus reaches; the ear of Queen Isabella, and she pays so dollars to buy him a decent suit of clothes, sew that he may be fit to appear before Royalty., The interview in the palace was successful.,; Money enough was borrowed to fit out the ex-' pedition. There they are, the three ships, in the Gulf of Cadiz, Spain. If you-ask me which; have been the most famous, boats of the world,.' I would say, first, Noah's ship, that wharfedi on Mount Ararat'.; second, tne boat of but rushes, in which M >sesfloated the Nile ; third,; the Mayflower Abac put out from Plymouth.' with the PiJgritn Fathers; "and now these; three vessels that on. this, the Friday morning.;' August 8, 1492, are rocking on the ripples. I am so glad it is Friday,-so that the prows of those three ships shall first of all run down the superstition that things begun . or voyage started ou Friday must necessarily prove, disastrous. Show dig any Monday or-Tuesday! or Wednesday or Thursday or Saturday that ever accomplished as much a3 this expedition.' that started on Friday. With the idea that: there will he perils connected, the Sacrament;' of the Lord's Supper is administered. Do noti forget that this voyage was begun undent religious auspices. There is the Santa Maria, only 90 ft. Ion1*,; with four masts and eight anchors. The captain walking the deck is 57 years old, his hair white, for at 35 he was grey, and his face, is round, his nose aquiline, and his stature ai little taller than the average. I know from his decided step and the set of his jaw that he is a: determined man. That is CaptainlChristopher; Columbus. Near by, but far enough off not tcr run into each other, are the smaller ships, the: Pinta and the Nina, about large enough and! safe enough to cross the Hudson River or the T hames in good weather. There are two doctors in this fleet of ships, and a few landsmen, adven- ; turers who are ready to risk their necks in a wild; expedition. There are enough provisions for & year. "Captain Colu mbus, wh ere are y ou sail- > ing for?" "I do not know." "How long; before you will get there?" "I cannot say." "All ashore that are going," is heard, and those who wish to remain go to the land. Now. the anchors of the three ships are being weighed, and the ratlines begin to rattle and! the sails to unfurl. The wind is dead east,., and it does not take long to get out to sea. Lxi a few hours the adventurers wish they had nots started. The ships begin to roll and pitch-; Oh, it is such a delightful sensation for lands-! men. They begin to bother Captain Columbus; with questions. They want to know what he,' thinks of the weather. They want to know; when he thinks he will probably get there Every time whan he stands taking observations of the sun with an astrolabe they wonder whate he sees and asks more questions. The c-rew arex rather grouty. Someof them came on under four! months' advance pay and others were im-s pressed into the service. For 16 days the: wind is dead east, and that pleases the cap tain, because it blows them further and further away from the European coast and further on; toward the shore of another country—if there! is any. After a while there comes a calm day,; and the attempt is made to fathom the ocean..; and they cannot touch bottom though the line; and lead run down 200 fathoms. More de-j Iightful sensations for those who. are. not good. sailors! A fathom is 6 ft., and 200 fathoms-: 1,200 ft, and below that it may be many hundred feet deeper. ' To add interest to the voyage, on the twentieth day out a violent storm sweeps the sea, and the Atlantic Ocean tries what'it can-do with the Santa Maria, the Pinta, and the Nina, Some of you know something of what a sea can do with the Fimbria, the Majestic, the Teutonic, and the City of Paris, and you must imagine what the ocean could do with those three small ships of olden time. You may judge what the ocean was then by what it is now—it has never changed its habits. It can smile like the morn ing. but often it is the Archangel of "Wrath,, and its mo3t rollicking fun is a shipwreck. The mutinous crew-would have killed Colum bus had it not been the general opinion om shipboard that he was the. only one thatr could take them back home in safety. The. promise of a silk waistcoat and 40 dollars irr. money to the man who should first discover land appeased them somewhat, bat the in dignation and blasphemy and threats of assassination must have been awful. Yet God. sustained the great, sailor commanding tho Santa Maria. Every evening on ehipboar<£' they had prayers and sung a vesper hymn.. But after ail the patience of those on board th* ships had been exhausted, and the great cap tain or admiral had been cursed by eveif anathema that human lips could frame, on© night a sailer saw a light moving along tfeSj shore, and then movingup and down, and thei: disappearing. On Friday morning at 2o'clock^, just loDg enough after Thursday to make surfr that it was Friday, and so give another blow at the world's idea of unlucky days—on Friday morning, October 12, .1492, a gun from the Pinta signalled " Land ahead !" Then the ships lay to, and the boats werer lowered, and Captain Christopher. Columbus first stepped upon the shore and took posses sion in the' name of the. Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. So the voyage thatt. began with the sacrament ended with D'loria in Excclsis Deo. From that day onward you say ; there can be nothing for Columbus but honors,.; rewards, rhapsodies, palaces, and world-wide applause. No, no 1 On his way back to Spain; the ship was so wrenched by the tempe3t and so threatened with destruction that he wrote: a brief account of his discovery and put it: in a cask, and threw it overboard, that the; world might not lose the advantage of his ad-i ventures. Honors awaited him on the beach,-j but he undertook a second voyage, and with .ife; came ali maligning and persecution and de-; nunciation and poverty. He was called a,' landgrabber, a liar, a cheat, a fraud, a deceiver ' of nations. Speculators robbed him of his good name, courtiers depreciated his dis-: coveries, and there came to him ruined health:' and imprisonment-and chains, of which her said while he rattled them on his wrists: "B will wear them as a memento of the gratitude: of princes." Amid keen appreciation of the! world's abuse and cruelty,. and with body writhing in the tortures of gout, be groaned-' ! out his last words: ''In manus tuas Domino J commando spfritum, meum," " Into Thy hands,, i 0 Lord, I commend my spirit." i Of course he had regal obsequies. That is?; the way the world tries to atone for its mean-: treatment of great benefactors. Many a man; has had a fine ride to his grave who during..; this life had to walk all the way. A big:'! funeral, and instead of bread.they give him arf stone, that is a -tombstone. But death that-' brings, .quiet, to the body ot others did not bring, quiet to his. First buried in th&: church of Santa Maria, seven years after ward removed to Seville, twenty-three, years afterward removed to San Domingo,.; finally removed to .Cuba. Four post-mortem! journeys from sepulchre to sepulchre.: But the, bright noonday sun of that old' sailor's prosperity went down in thickest! night, and though here and there a monument' had been lifted "in his memory, and here and; there- a city called after him, the continent; that he was the means of finding was named after another name and no-fittiDg eommemora-: tion ot his work has been proposed until nearly, four hundred years after his body turned to; dust. What most impresses me in all that wondrous life, is something I have never; heard stated, and that is that the dis covery of America was a religious discovery, and m the name of God. Columbus, by the study of the prophecies and by what Zechariah and Micah and David and Isaiah, had said about the "ends of the earth," was; : persuaded to go out and find the "ends of the-; ! earth," and he felt himself called by God to? I carry Christianity to the "ends of the earth,'7-. [ 'Then, the administration of the Last Supper; I before, they left-the Gulf of Caaiz, and the-; '-evening -prayers during the voyage, and the: : devote ascription as soon as they saw_ the new, I world, and the doxologies with which they■ j -lfmded, confirm ns in saying that the discover ! of America .was a religious discovery.; ! Atheism has no right here; infidelity has; •no right here; vagabondism-has no right* Fere. And ■ as God is not apt. to fail in! any of ' His undertakings (at any rate,' I have never heard of His having any thing to do with a failure), America ia! going-to be Gospelised, and from the Golden-, Gate of California to.the Narrows of New York Harbor, and from t.he. top. of. North, America to the foot of South America, from j Behring Straits to Gape Horn, this is going|to.':. be Immanuel's Land. All the forms offdrre-• ligion and abomination that have cursed othepf parts of the world will land here—yea, they! have already landed—and they will wrangle ; for the possession of this hemisphere, and they i will make great- headway and feel ..themselves; almost established. . But God will not forget-' the prophecies which encouraged Columbus."] a,bout the "ends 'of the earth seeing the sal- 1 vation .. of - God," nor the Christian an them .v which Coluuibus led on the morning of ' October 12th, 1492, on , the coast of San j Salvador. Like that flock of land birds-which..' met the Santa Maria-and thePintaand the-; Nina far out- at sea, indicating to the com- ! mander of thatfleet that they were approaching i some couritry,.so^t whcde-flock-of promises andi hopes, golden-winged -and songful, alight* j' around us, asauring usiihat weareapproachmg. j the glorious period of American evangelisation. That great Italian navigator also impresses^ . me with the idea that when one does a good ; "thing he cannot • --appreciate its ramifications." - To the moment of his death Columbus never i fenew- that he had discovered America, but ! thought that- Hub* was .a part of Asia. ) He thougfat'-tha island Hjapamola was. the.-i Ophir of Solomon. He thought-, he had] only-opened a new-way tp old Asia. Had-lio., known - what North- and South America were-; ami are and that ha. had .found a country"; " 000"mileslcs^Q£I7;00Q,ywv Europe, the happiness would have been too muoh for mortal man to endure. He had no idea that the time would come when a nation of 60,000,000 people on this side of the sea would be joined by all the in telligent nations on the other side the sea for the most part of a year reciting his wonderful deeds. It took centuries to reveal the result of that one Transatlantic voyage. So it has always been. Could Paul, on that June day, when he was decapitated, have had any idea of what elfeco his letters and the account of his life would have on Chris tendom ? Could Martin Luther have had any idea of the echoes that would ring through the ages from the bang of his hammer nailing the Latin theses against! a church door at Wit tenberg? Could Eli Whitney have realised the continents of wealth that would be added to the South by ths invention of his cotton gin? Could John Guttenberg, toiling year after year, making type, aud laboriously Betting them Bide by aide, and with presses changed now this way and now that, and sued by John Faust for money loaned, and many of the people trying so cheat Guttenberg out of nis invention, he toiling on until he produced what is known as the Mazarin Bible, have any idea that as a result of his invention there would be libraries that, placed side by side, would again and again engirdle the earth ; or the showers of newspapers that snow the world under? When Manhattan Island was sold to the Dutch for 24 dollars neither they who sold or bought could have foreseen New York the commercial metropolis of America that now stands on it. Can a man who preaches a sermon or a woman who dis tributes tracts, or a teacher who instructs a class, or a passer-by who utters en couraging words, realise the infini tudes of useful result? The teacher at Harrow School who toiled with William Jones, the mosb stupid boy in school, and at the foot of bis class, did not know that he was fitting for his work the greatest Oriental scholar of modern times, his statue now in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. Every move you make for God, however insignificant in your eyes, cr in the eyes of others, touches worlds larger than the one Columbus dis covered. Why talk about unimportant things? There are no unimportant things. Infinity is made up of infinitesimals. On a clear night the smallest dewdrop holds a star. Each one of you is at the centre of the universe, and all you say and do somehow vibrates to thb extreme of that universe in all directions. I promise everlasting renown to those who will go forth with Christian and sympathetic words. After the battle of Copenhagen, Nelson, the admiral, went into a hospital and baited at the bed of a wounded sailor who had lost his arm and said, "-Well, Jack, what is the matter with you ?" and the sailor replied, "Lost my right arm, your honor and Nelson looked down at his empty sleeve and said, " Well, Jack, then yoa and I are both spoiled for fishermen. Cheer up, my brave fellow !" and that sympa thetic word cheered the entire hospital. Before you die you oan, out of your own misfortunes, cheer a hundred souls and start unending eohoes.' You can no more appreciate the far reaching results of your life than Colambus could sea this continent from arctic to antarctic. I Bay this not to make you proud and arrogant, but to make you tremble with your responsi bilities, and to put you on your guard as to what you do and what you say. 