.INTERESTING SERMOn:. \--- ? BY THE RtEV. W. 0. FORD. The use and abuse of amusements, with' particular reference to dancing, was the subj.Ect of discourse of the Rev W. Charles Ford at St Mary's Church of England, Sunbury, on Sunday last. The sermon was preached from I Cor. X. S1. " Whether, therefore, ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." These words are, he said, the key-note ot christian action. They cover every possible relation, and they sanctify all. Nothing that we can rightly do is excluded-nothing is so insignificant as not to be included. All objective forms of christian life are herein summarised the Supper of the Lord,and the domestic meal, the crowning act of the church's worship and the commonest offices of nature, are all demanded by St Paul to be consecrated "to the glory of God." But in every age christian men have asked. Is this possible ? They have seen now liberty runs to licence. They have seen how asceticism degenerates into Phari saism. They have seen how difficult it is to hold the broad views of St Paul with the journey along the "strait" way of Christ, and so they have alternately rejected the -oe-~o.rez other. Or they have made their religion consist exclusively---oEfone. act of practices, and too often denounced and anathematized those who fllowed 1 another. They have failed'in the sense I of proportion-they have failed to see how, in the Christian life, as in the City of God, " the length, and the breadth, and the height of it are equal," the in tensity of conviction, the tolerancy of practice, the sublimity of faith-all possible, nay, all demanded in the fullest sweep and reach of the christian endea Your. The question of amusements, of their lawfulness and expediency, is con stantly recurring. Members of churches I are reproached with puritanism if they do not conform to the general pastimes ; and diversions of the country, and with in consistency, if they permit orjoin in them. 1 The Evangelical declares that horse- i racing and cards, and balls, and theatres t are ineradicably vicious. The sharper, t the epicurist, and the gambler say that x their faults are condoned by the patron- I age or the practice of professing t christians. Which is right ? It seems to me that christian com- i mon-sense must settle the matter for .t us." If our participation in these f things are marked by no violation of conscience, if we can feel that they '2 make for the glory of God, if r they are in harmony with that desire for r recreation which is as much a part of our nature as the desire for food and s sleep, or the desire for thought an-l 'worship, then we may join in them in- 1 nocently. But if otherwise, then we par- t ticipate in them at our peril. If we find t ,something in these things which brings the blush to our cheek, which touches our I greed, which s :inulatesour passions, then .0 to us let thQm be A nathemna Maranatha. ' But if that be so with us, and we find 1: -our neighbour taking a different view, e hi-t us be most caretul how we condemn S him in that we excuse not in ourselves. - We are not to stretch his conscience to a 'the limits of ours. To his own ma tei ( he standeth or falleth. The greatestpre- r cisian cannot say these things are in- 9 trinaicIlly wrong--he would urge that v 'they are right or wrong accordijnr to the spirit in which they are done. And if l we can unite in a?nueimen's which have I 1ed;n in:zlg?l in fromi the davn of c history, which hive been approved of by C many of the wisest and best of tlhe 'world's teachers, which h.ve netvetr been I specislly condemned by the church or thie gospel-unite in the e things with zest, with purity, with delight-mu?ikin t them not the occupation, but the salt of :fe-not oar stuly, but our recreation, niot our main purp:,se. but our refresh- t Iment, then I think we may honestly say that we are doing them to "the glory of God." Our recent annual church enter tainment has directed special at tention to one part of this question the right of a christian community to engage in the dance. Can it be lawful,is it seemly, it has been asked, that a church should encourage a ball, either for an amusement or as an assistance to tits funds ? I answer, if a church de pend on balls as a method of raising money to carry it on, it stands self-con -demned. The methods of supporting a church by tea meetings, concerts. -bazaars, picnics, dances, I believe are all -equally unscriptural-are unscriptural in their tendency-and fall short of the one plan to which we are admonished over and over again, the direct gift of a portion of our means to the service of Almighty God. Thet a great many good people use them and defend them is nothing to the point. That in them selves, they are no better and no worse than many lawful occupations is beside the question. Theworship of Go".the Father, the lbve of Christ. the S ,n, th~ fellowship'of the Holy Ghost,, ought, on its human side, to be supported by christian people spontaneously, gladly, thankfully, by the contribution of what they value most, whether money, lands jewels, time. I will never place these duties on a lower plane. I will never ask you to help other than on the highest motives. If I do, if any christian minister does, if any church does-then in my judgment we distinctly degrade religion to the level of a busi ness or an art. To carry on and protect the aspirations of our soul on commercial principles, to make merchandise out of our everlasting hopes, to introduce bodily pleasure into the sustentation of faith, is a backsliding into Paganism. The main support of a church must and always will be, the direct offerings of those who believe in it, Anything else seems to me to savour either of delusion or blasphemy. But how do I reconcile these views with my advocacy of dancing at a chu'rch entertainment? ' INotice the word entsrtainment, -I do" not want to - split straws. But a church entertainment is by no means the same thing as a church service. We are social beings. We need recreation. Dancing is an accepted, perhaps the most widely ac cepted, form of popular recreation. Therefore, I conceive on its social side, members of a church may unite in this um amusement, I speak of course of such st forms of this art as are consistent w.th hi modesty and purity. That there are impure and lustful dances I am well aware, So there are words that are full of taint and evil suggestions. But when I speak of language I am under st ,od tomean its proper and dignfied vocabularies, and so when I speak o A dancing I refer to those modes of itf he which obtain amongst moral and civilized to people. w• In its origin it had a higher side. tb It was a direct act of worship. It th was looked upon as a manifestation of joy. It formed part of the most solemn services in which individual or national gratitude to God was shown. Just as sorrow is expressed by tears, just as deep grief is exhibited by groans end wringing of the hands, and sighs- so everywhere and always, and more especially by emotional people, move- M ments and gestures of the body set forth M human gladness and happiness. Wheni TI the children of Israel had-been marvell- (I ously preserved from national extinction, H Miriam the chief woman of the rescued as people, led forth her companions in festal triumph, with songs and dances, to the celebration of their victory. w( When Jepnthah had subdued the children of Ammon, and had wiped out fhe old insult which'they had offered-to os the Isralites, his daughter went forth to meet him with "timbrels and dances." doubtless accompanied by. her femle: fo: companions, she leading in the joyful di: procession. Most modern commentators think that the song of Deb. rah and wi Barak on a similar fateful occasion, was - an accompanied by a solemn dance of joy.. lai After David had brought up. the ark of L, God into Jerusalem with gladness, the wi visible symbol of God's' presence, and the early substitute to the splendid a temples. of Solomon and Herod, we dii are told he laid aside his kingly robes, an and in enthusiastic joy, clad with but a co sia'gle garment that he might be uncon trolled in his physical gladness " danced In beforethe Lord'with all his might." So re, in the magnificent paean of victory in to the 68th Psalm, the service of the sanc tuary described as including the damsels asi playing with timbrels which we can of hardly fail to associate with the sacred, it dance like that of Miriam and her fellows. th Thus also the Hallelugah psalm (149th)' - Israel is exhorted to " sing a new song" th .to rejoice in Him that made him " to to praise His name in the dance." And su, apart from strictly religious exercises, pu dancing was associated in the Hebraic an mind with august occasions of joy. The G, most mournful of the prophets (Jeremiah XXXII. 4). Speaking of Israel's re- So storation cries. "again I will build thee qu and thou shalt be built. 0- virgin of ,F Israel, thou shalt again be adorned with .I thy tabrets, and thou shall go forth in Bt the dances of them that make merry," be And later he laments (Samentations V. 15)that " the joy of our heart is ceased, our dance is turned into mourning." And mF once more in that m ,st exquisite parable, ha, in ivhich the divine love is portrayed as ml exaulting over the return of a repentent , sinner, we find that our Lord makes the fol prodigal son to be welcomed with the sw accompanima;mi'ts of- ni isic and:daneing" (St Luke XX. 25). So again without bo reproach the patriarch Job (XX . 11) mc speaks of " children dancing;~ And of with his ready adaptation of a common spectacle tl e Master speaks of it. als wo without blame, as he takes it for one of Bis ni'st imp:'essive fisures--"The fot children sit :,ig in the market place and calling one to another, ' we have piped unlto you and ye have n, t dance 1."' (St 1le luke VI[. 32). e' But it is not only in spe'fic Di allusions that. holy scripture appears to glace its mprunatur on thiu most o ancient as it is most universal expres- rei sioni of praise and joy in its whole tenor it seems to me to allow and t,' sanction it. Our christian liberty is not to be impugned or curtailed by the Fo " commandments of men." We are neither to speak the shibboleth of th co Puritan or the Pharisee, I dcmind for all thefull freedom which has been won tI: for us by Jesus Christ. He has re deemed our entire nature. We are not to serve Him with our lips only--rOur body is to be the temple of the Holy Ghost--" All my bones shallsay, Lord, who is like unto Thee?" Every part of our frame and flesh is to give praise to God. Even the oldpaganRomans looked upon the body as having its proper portion in the service of the gods, and c one of them expresse~dit that, it isr right that in the exercise of :religidn se dancing should find" its place,": beciuse our ancestors wished that there 'should 4 not be any portibn of the .body, which ,, was not animated by religion." The complete round oflife is to be consecrated to God's service---Our :businesS,: our study, our recreation, ,andp not:one more Sthan another, and no one to the forget Sfulness of the rest. And 'with amrisementis aswith othei ci t-things;; there "must - bee a due ro?hok- t :izwn. We mniust not; sa?crifice the whole of oulir tim? , to wodrk. Recre ation musti not engross all of it; SStudy musf;not entirely absorb it. Our a amusements ire to be :"our: relaxations, e not our business-They are to minister 1 r to our happiness, not to be our masters. e They are to give color and variety to life y not to form its woof and warp. And in ' h this aspect of them they miay benotoniy a y harmless. butl holy. "' Would you like ( \- to die in a ball-room ?' someone once a t asked me. "I should not choose it.' il I replied, "but if God willed it so, why ,f not, so long as niy heart was innocent; ?" e I know not indeed. Every. portion of i f life is sacred and "every place" may be h, "hallowed ground." To the highest dI mind there is nothing exclusively secular. ,f Our pleasures, as well as our prayers, se may be sanctified. The first public act n of the Saviour was to join in the festivities of a wedding. Hisfirst miracle toincrease rs its luxuries. But the main purpose of his a life was to atone for the sins of the world. And the main purpose of our lives is to I make the world happier and purer. To do at that, we are not to stand aloof either from oo its joys or pain. We are to mingle in hh them all, upborne by a purposeful desire e to make it brighter and better. We are to n take its comforts with gratitude, its bitter c- ness with resignation. its responsibilities n. with resolu ion. Thankfil for its pleasures e, let us not linger too long with them. In.. ured to its disappointments let us not succumb to them. The happy mean is his who says "Not enjnyment, and not sorrow, Is our destined end or way, But to act that each to-morrow Finds us further than to-day." And the truest christian is he who can hold his conscience like some clear glass to the injunction of the noble St Paul, aiid whose days and nights are spent in " all things whatsoever" which redound " to the glory of God." 