EOMAN PBIESTS AS DESOBIBBD BY THEMSELVEa Bv 0. H. O0LI.BTTB. f'Out of thine own mouth -wlUIjuflge thee."— Iiukexix. 22. 1 desire it to be nnderctood that Iimake no personal accnsations against Boman prissta ; the facta which I propose to -bring to the nonce ox ine leaner, are oaeea exoinaiveiy on the atatementa made, advanced and endorsed by tbemselvea. For my text I have taken the very recent edition of the work of Bome'a oanonized Saint, Alpbonana Lfgnori, entitled 'Selva,' referred to in my preface. It pnr- porta to be the colleoted wisdom of ' the moat famona doctora, the most akilfnl maatera of the science of the Saints, the anocesaora of St. Peter, and the Oonnoila, the organs of the Holy Ghost ; in a word, antiqnity, the middle ages, modern times, the entire Ohnrch ' (p. 7). I In order that we may folly appreciate the vnthorily of Lignori, in the eatimation . of Bomanieta, a few facta relating to him will be BeceBsary. He waa canonized — that it, de clared to be a Saint in heaven — the 22nd May, 1839, by Pope Gregory IX., on the petition of a seot in the Boman Chnroh called the ' Bedemptorist Fathers,' or ' Oongregation of the Moat Holy Bedeemer,' of which Lignori was the fonnder. The petition was firat preeented in 1796. The Ohnroh of Borne therefore took some forty years in meir deliburationa and fnveatfgationa, in order to airive at their determination. The proceaa is said to have coat the petitionere £10.000. . The Bpmur Ostholio Oalendar of- 1840, which gives an aoconnt of Lignori'a canoni zation, relates as those being present Hia Holineaa, Gregory XVl. ; 40 Oardlnala ; 130 Patriaroha, ArchhiahopB and Biahopa ; all the GeneralB, Snperiora and momhers of religions orders in Bome, ahont 17,000 Cllergymen of variona conntriea ; several Einge and Qneans - of different states, an innnmsrahle number of . Frincea, Dnksa, Earls, and ahont 250,000 of .variona other olaaaea, independent of the in- hahitanta of Bome and ite onyirona.' And Lignori was aolemniy proclaimed - a Saint in heaven. On the 2nd of Angnat in each year, devout ' Bomaniats offer op a prayer to God imploring Him : ' That taught by Lignori'a admonitions he may finally reach the aborsa of heaven;' The aame Boman Oatholio Oalendar informs na that all Lignori'a works, both mannscript and printed, had nndergone the atrioteat ex- aminarion by 'the Saored oongregation of the Index,' with a view to hia beatifi cation ; and they declared that they had found not one word worthy, of cenanre, after twenty years' oarefnl ezamina- tion. ' Selva ' forma one of the aeriea which is now being re-iesned in translation by this Jesuit confraternity. Prevtoas to canonization, it is necessary to prove that miraoles have been wronght by or through the candidate for Saintsbip, I quote the following from Oardinal Wiseman's edi tion of the 'Lives of Lignori and other Sainta' (1846, p..53) : — ' The fame of the aanctity and miraolea of the eervant'of God induced many and devout persons to' petition the Oongregation of Bites to enrol his name aniong the Saints. In the proceaa made in oonaeqnence of this petition, many miraoles are related ; hut as the nnmber of them is too great for insertion in tbia place, we content onraelvea with relating tboee only which have been approved , by the holy Oon gregation of Bites.' The Oardinal then relates the case of Mag dalen de Nnnze, who anffered f rem an ahiceis on the hreaet 'A enrgeon made an inoiaion to let off the nlcerons matter, lest a gangrene abonld enane. A considerable qnantity of it ran off, hnt the gangrene, whioh bad been already formed, continned to eat away the flesh aronnd the seat of disorder, so that the wound became atill deeper, and it became necessary to cat away the greater part of the breast. But as she grew rapidly worse, the enrgeon ordered the rites of the Ohnroh to he administered. In the evening of that day, one of the neigh- honra coming to see her, bronght with her a picture of the Saint, with a email piece of hia garment. By her desire, the aiok woman placed the picture npon the wound, and swal. lowed a few threads of the relic in acme water. She then fell into a qniet sleep, and when ehe arose in the morning, dfaoovered, to' her great anrpriae, that she waa perfectly cared, and the whole of' her breast restored, ' even that part which bad been, out off ; nor did ahe ever afterwards anffer .any pain or inconvenience from it.' And this is one of the 'lying wonders' ' advanced aa a proof of Lignori's aanctity ; and they ' proolaimed him to be a Saint in heaven, baaed on each arrant fables. In the same Boman Oatholio Oalendar for 1840,' as one of the virtnea of Lignori, we are told; — . ' Thia servant of God continually aconrged himself nnhloodily and bloodily . . . and heaidea the nohloody aconrginga, enjoined by hia order, he waa wont to pnniah himself every day in the morning before the nsnal . hoars of riaing, and ; in the evening after nanal repose. On Saturday he aoonrged him. self nntn blood flowed. . . . He macerated his body also with haircloth with sharp points in it, and with chaina, as well on the arma aa on the legs, whioh he carried with him until dinner time; and theae, for the moat part, were so armed with < sharp points that they filled with horror all who aaw him. ... He had a dreaa fitted with a coat of mail with iron points. . . . Of a similar natnre was hia extreme mortification in sleeping npon two planks covered with a aack, with a little straw, BO that it appeared a hard stons. He never shaved himself with a razor, bnt by little and little he did it with pincers.' 'Well, if he found enjoyment and apiritnal comfort in the exercise of these bodily plea- eantriea, we have no right to object ; bnt we do protest that the good and graoions Almighty ia to he appeased, or receives with favonr snch barbarous praoticea ; and, by the way, in the larger aeriea of the ' Lives of the Saints,' Lignori is represented with a beard ; we most presume, therefore, he did not re qnire a razor, and that pincers formed no part of his wardrobe. In page 377 of his ' Selva,' Lignori ays: — 'Holy priests are aconstomed to practise some painful penitential worka, snob as a diacipline whip, or the nae of little chaina. Some deapiae theae things, saying that aanc tity consiata in the mortifioation of the will. Bnt I find that all the Sainta have thirated after penitential ansteritiee, and have songht to macerate the flesh to the ntmoat of their power. St. Peter of Alcantara wore a hair shirt of punched iron, whioh kept hia shonl. . dera constantly lacerated. St. John of the Cross wore a waistcoat armed with iron points, and an iron .oham, whioh oonld not be re. moved after his death without taking with it a piece of his fleah.' If snch anateritiea are proofs of sanctity, we ahonid like to ' know whether Boman Biahopa and Frieata of the present day prove their- aanctity by snch outward manifeBtationa. NeyertheleBS, the agents of ' the Protestants Alliance have lately purcbased from a . Boman. Oatholio bookseller (Mr.- -Washbonrne) several of these artiolea ol tortore. which are exhibited at their London offioe, . 9, .Strand.: bnt thew, I believe, arm only : nasid in ninnneriea. I have myaelC visited the. OarmeUte eatahllahment im London, and ail appeared active and livdy.. It may be their excesaive aanctity does not. reqnire anoh etimnlanta. In the '. Notice ' to this volnme of 'Selva, Lignori, we are told, is regarded aa a modw for 'imitation.' We have now a pretty tolerable plctnre oCl the anthor of the book whioh I desire to bring:; to the notice of the reader. Bnt before I enbmit my qnotations fronri Lignori'a ' Selva ' I mnat draw attention to c. statement we find in the so-called 'Tceafc> Cateohiam,' and I qnote from DonovaB'si translation, 'Profeasorof the Boyal OoiiegW) of Maynooth,' Dnblin, 1829, pp. 303-305, offi- the ' Sacrament of Orders ' : — ' From an attentive conaideration of the natnre of the other Sacramenta, we shall findi little diffionlty in peroeivlng that bo> dependent are they all on that of orders, that' withont its intervention some coald not; exist, or he adqainistered, whilst others shonldi be stripped of the religions rites and aolema ceremonies, and of that exterior respect which ehonld accompany their adminietrarion. —The faithful then are to bsmtdeacqnainted' with the exalted dignity and exoellenceolthe Sacrament in its highest degree, whioh is the priesthood. Priests and Bishops are, as it were, the intarpreters and heralds of Gh>d, oommissioned in His name to teaoh mankind the law of God, and the piaoepts of Ohristlaii life— they era the representativsa of God oa earth. Impossible,' thersfore to conoeive c more exalted dignity or fahctions more sacred. Jnatly, therefore, are they called not: only angola bnt goda, holding, as tbey do, ther place and power of God on earth. Bnt the < priesthood, at all times an elevated offioe, tranaoenda, in the New Law, all others in , dignity; The power of conaeorating and offering the body and blood of onr Lord, and' remitting aina, with whioh the priesthood o£ the New Law is invested, is anoh aa oannot be comprehended by the hnman mind, etillL' less ia it eqaalled or aaalmilated to anytliing;; on earth.'" These are the two leading poyera claimed! for the Boman priesthood by Lignori in hfa< ' Selva ' — the power (after confeasion to a priest) 'of changing the ainner from an enemy into the friend of God, and from tha slave of hell into a heir of Paradiae (p. 35) ; and, on conaooration of the wafec- and wine, to convert their entire BabstanGe< into the snbstance of ' the body and blood, bones. and nerves (oaaa at nerves), eonl amS divinity, of the Lord Jeans Ohriat,' and of - offering np that body and blood, sonE. and divinity, aa a Sacrifice in their Uaas service, as the same propitiatory aaorifice for the sins of the living and the dead as was ' once for all effected on the oroae. In p. 221, Lignori tells na : ' The celebra tion of a Maaa has the aame valne as the deatti ofOhriaton the oroes. And of this we are still . more assnred by the holy Ohnrch in the collect for the Snnday after Pentocoat: 'Ax many times as this commemorative aacrifiov 'fa. calebrated ao often is the work of onr redeifiption performed.' The same Bedeemer ' who once offered himself on the crosa is immolated on the altsr by the ministry oC Hfe priests. ' For the Victim is one and the eame,' eaye the Gonnoii of Trent, ' the same now offering by the ministry of priests, who then offered Himself on the cross, the manner alone of dfferihi; being different.' 'Dr. Vanghan, the Archbiehop of Roman. -Catholics in Westminster, in his pamphlet ' On the holy Saorifioe of the Mass ' (London,,. .1882), thus desoribes the process j . '.The holy Sacrifice of the Mass is the most solemn and Divine aot of Ohriatian reli|ponL that oan be performed npon this earth of 'oiiSV.' . It is nothing less than the offering by 'Jeans Christ of Himself as a Saorifioe to Gbd for ns ainnere' (p. 1). ;;!:'Tbe.two anbjeota, the death of onrZiorff . and the holy Mass, are inseparably oonnectedK ..the Sacrifice of the Cross and that of the Attar being absolutely identical in the Divhm Offerer and the Victim offered ' (p. 5). 'It is an ariiole of faith that Jeens Ohriefr Himself is the Chief Prieat and Prindp: Off dar of the Mass ' (p. 14). ' Ohriat, and no other, ia the Chief Offerexr and Priest of the Mose ' (p. 28). ' The holy Saorifioe of the Mass ia notirinc:; leea than the offering of Jeana Ohriat of Hlm- aelf ; ia a Sacrifice to God for na einnera (P-7)- ' Finally, the Oonnoil of Trent has defineff that the Sacrifice of the Mass fa "the aama as the Sacrifice aa Calvar;; - It ia " the same"" becanse there fa a numerical identity in tha Chief Prieat offering the two Saorifieeei; andL beoaqae theve is a nnmerical identity In the. Divine and ever blessed Victim which Iv offered ; and thns, in all that is eesentlol ta sacrifice, a prieet and a victim, to two Saori- ficra are Specially one and the same ' (p. 41).. ' Once master the trnth that Jesos Christ is the Chief Priest at the altar, and all diflicol- tiee diaappeiu: ' (p. 30). Thus every prieet performing Maes Is aaidE.' to be Jesos pluiat Himself. After, perhaps the Canons and Decrees of tbo Oonnoil of Trent, this "Oateohism" is the'mosfe: anthentio document. (To be Continued.) , . 4'OAaTAnr M7Ei7, of the Canard steamer 'ZT'w&na;, the mishap to whioh in mid-Atlshtie 'oahsed so much anxiety, is, like many sailorsj pro '.foiindly; religions, and there is probably no ship- i master , who condacts Sunday service in a mors- impressive manner. He is an admirable reader, ,ana it is, perhaps, his consoions fitness and biisc ' disinolination' to' evade a becoming responsibility that cause Captain M'Eay to dispense with the- services of any clergyman who may happen to ba; on board during a voyage. 