FARMERS AND FRUITGROWERS' I FACTS AND FANCIES. I -? ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. (Bf L.L,C.) Som» little time ago I recaí red from or signing himself " Amateur " (Psrth) a pool age of peach leave«. Th«y were not pack« as I have frequently directed, in damp moi sr cotton, nor enoloBed in a tin box so as I retain their form, oolour and moisture, an when they reached my bauds they were oolUotion of dried up and brittle pieces. 1 this state I could not identify any diseae and the description - ««nt by ay oorrespoi dent was too açj&agre; to be of any aesistanci ' Will oorrsspondsnts please note dirac tiot tor peeking, and also, to save delay, ad dr ec specimens to ma at Guildford, as I am on] in Berth occasionally, mai spwimeoa som« time« remain for some days at the office beroi they reach me. I mast apologise to "Ami tour " fer not answering stoner, bat I ha* been away en a long tour, ead at the sam time I regret that t eosld set assist bim wit the information he desiree. Try again, j the disease is still existent. e . . * « "S.S." (Beverley) writest-Swing that have not been hauled np with a round tar for asking so many questions, here I ai again, hri-nmingover with them. In perusin your artioles, I sse your experience goes fa beyond insect pests, so I make bold to ask i you eau explain tbs reason why. hens lay aof eggsP My hens have been laying wei through the sommer and winter, and from al appearances are healthy, still the ebeUs s* so soft that it in with mooh difficulty I eso pae! the eggs for market,a distanoe ot afew milei Thebrsedof the fowls are Plymouth Books am Leghorn-the latter ate decidedly the worst I've had heaps et advice, still things are th same eld 8s. od. 8ome say the water ls to fresh, and others advise lime. Some, burn* bones and some say rica, I have tried lime though I confess I bare not gone into it hear and soul, as I should, beoaose ft was snob i bother to get them tb take it. I mixed it ii food, which they positively refused to take so I tried it in the water, and thia tito] wouldn't take if there was other to be had. The grasshopper are making quite a rai« on ray peaches, eating all the soft parts oat I am désirons to know if it would spoil th« fruit fer use if I wera to «pray. Aleo thi grabs are destroying my tomatoes. If it ii desirable to spray please state what aiixturi ls to be med. lam sending you a fig. Apparently it ii I troubled with* some disease. For seme yean past I have noticed that with this kind 01 fig tte first orop drops off before ripening. Ii it a blight which might be prevented bj spraying P I have not been able to expert menvailiee in this simply because I am in thi dark as to what kind of mixture to use. In answer to your Pingelly friend I ww pleased to see advioe to orange growers and the situation the trees require. I must oon fess that I was,' in oonmoa with some oi my neighbours, entirely in tbs dark. \ was always given to understand all «tangí trees should be planted in water, otherwise ii would not 00, new it is no longer a mystery tc me why my tress which are in the very wet part are looking, I may'say, very unhappy, ant almost threaten to peg out, while those in 1 warmer situation are smiling over tte un happy stats of their lésa fortunate brethren t ata afraid some of us have iv great'deal more te learn before we can make muoh of a .plash at fruitgrowing. We ean get th« trees, dig a email well^ pitch the tess* In and if they don't grow odres the country and thc trees. It ©enid not pewsfblyb* ear fault. Ia oonednslon, I trust yojí have an ànttmfted amount of patience. . . #. . . . . Tour fowls are of good breeds and should be able te crow ** Hail, Colombia" on the 4th July. Exactly why the hens lay soft shell eggs in your oase I don't know, unless it is innate depravity on the part of the hen. A certain amount of lime in i oms form or another is essential to the production of a properly shelled egg. Old mortar, shells or coarse bone dust, should always he kept where the fowls can get at them, and they will take what they want. Don't nse unalaoked lime en any account. Forcing them to take an extra quantity of lime will not put shells oh the eggs it the went of lime in the first.plaoe is not the cause. Over.feedlng is frequently the casie, and it may be so ia your ease. The egg organs are unduly stimulated and the egg passes from tbe ovid net before Jt is pre* parly ooeted with the shall. To ramsay this redoes the food allewanee, especially that which is of a stimulating nata», so as to step, or almost stop laying tot * while. This will give the organs a rest and allow the best «ld nares in the world. Dame Nature, to bave a show to fix np things "and repair damages.' A few months ago I had to keep my fowls penned np, and several hens commenced the soft-shell oaper. It was not for want of Hmo and grit, became they bad a constant and abundant supply of both. Lately, however, I have been, able to turn them out to forage for themselves, and beyond a feed of buckwheat in the evening they get only what they ean piok np. The egg supply has not diminished, and there are no seashells new to lift Up in a spoon. I am inclined to think, from my own expert, enoe, and your experieno» te a eertais extent beats this ont, that Leghorns, who are great egg. producers, are mer* pren* to lay soft* shell eggs thanMtbo** birds whieh lay a smaller number In ths year. Th* Plymouth Kosh, with walsh X kare ked eoeslderaW* experlsnes, and which I highly esteem as a , f*od all.renadfowl,I btv* sot fsnni guilty el sttt'shsllegg*.. ' " That the "grasshopper ii a barden" ia a rory ancient refrain. Are yon sure it le the hop» per that ia eating your peaches P It ls quite safe to spray with the araenttes if the fr nit is not to be marketed for two or three weeks, i You may spray the tomatoes with Paris ! green for the grubs, washing them before Using or sending to market. The fig did not reach me. If it was in an edible state I am not surprised. Mail men are human. Th« falling off of the figs before ripening is aa indication that mpufioation or- fertilisation has not token place. In Asia Minor the fer- tilisation of the fig is brought about by hang- ing eapnfious figs in or near the cultivated varieties, in order that the fig insect, Blaaio phaga psenes, may oarry pollen from one te tbs other. There are eeve^ fasoots m Australia which perform the same function, but it ls Quite possible they may not have dissevered year tree. It may be a disease, and I shall be pleased to hear from yem agata on the subject, with as many particulars as yan eaa-send as to tbs name et the variety of figs, and other varieties there are ia the immediate vicinity, and if they bear well, and matare their fruit. I am glad to hear that you have gained come Utile knowledge about orange cultivation from my remarks, and -I can assure yon that, though my temper is net angelic, nor my patienoe inexhaustible, I have always enough and to spare of the latter to be pleased to answer all those who, like your- self , are anxious for information, and who when it is given to them Buke the best nie cfit. .e «' . e a'' In toe recent short session of Parliament tho hon. member for tua Williams, during the discussion on Mr. Harper's motion in regard to the »en establishment of the Bureau of Agriculture, went considerably out of his way to have a dig at my unfortunate self. The motion as made by Mr. Harper referred solely to the Government and the Bnreau. Bnt most of those who addressed themselves to the matter dragged in tito premonitory ghost of the secretary, whoever that unfortunate being may be. Mr. Piesse followed the example est by the member for Albany some months age, and referred with oontempt to scissors and paste, and insinuated that harm bad been done by fruitgrowers adopting my suggestions. I am surprised that the honour* able member for the Williams should not have more respect for paste, because it is' invariably made from flour, and I am equally surprised that he should go eut of his way to make aa observation whioh eau have no foun- dation in fact. Horace Greeley said it took a man 10 years to learn how to use the scissors and paste, and, judging by hts contemporaries, very few knew how to aaa them even then. I do not see that there is any dis- credit in using the nsis*ors and paste when the source fi ora which the . iafor. nation is obtained is acknowledge-], and I do not see how t»n-> can be expected te kop up to date in all that le. moving in the agricul- tural and horticultural world without recourse to ether people's brains and experience. Would the bon. member fer the Williams have ms oenfined to this colony for my in formation on horticultural matters, as 'he would have us all confined to the colony fer our nour? In retard to the alleaed harm that has IA regard to toe alleged barm that ha« been none, let the hen. member give instances and let them be investigated. Where barm, j if any, nae been dane, it ie in not doing «H «bat waa reoommended. I knew of one ease -myself ia which I reoommended a certain taaeonfoide, and it waa to be applied carefully through a proper spray nonie. The grwwer Bsed the mixture, but be did net nae the trpr*y<*nm* and nando - he nsed a whitewash :arnsh and a bucket, and it hilled bra trees. He tedd me aboutit; and I replied that I waa delighted to hear it, beoaw* a maa who wenld de thia kind el thing wa» net fit to have a fruit tree. "It would be fast as reason- able for the member for the Williams to make criticisms like thia as it would be for me to get up in a publio place and say that a supposed small boy had died from the effects of drinking too much of the lemonade made by Piesse Bros. at Katanning, and therefore the m rated waters made by that firm are poisonous. But to be on a par with Mr. Piesee's criticism of me I must leave out the "too much" and let it be understood that the supposed jnveaile came to bia untimely end by drinking one bottle of the lemonade; The mere fast that if he bad consumed too ranch water ot toe much of any. liquid his 'end would have been brought about just the .ame. is nothing at all to erictos who don't mind being anfair in their eritieism. Half facts are worse than no facha. If Mr. Piesse has a candidate fer the secretaryship of the Bureau, by all means let bim do all that is oompatlbla with .bia honour and dignity as a member of theXawer House for that «andi' date, but not at tue expense of the reputation of another eaadidate. Fair play is a jewel, all the world over. . . . . * >' The members of the Swan District < Vine and Fruitgrowers' Association struok ' it Inoky in many ways when they elected their, first preaident. Dr. Waylen and Mr. Am* herat were the first to take hold when the formation of euoh a society waa mooted. I had a geed deal to do with getting things under way, and my task was considerably lightened by the kind offioes of these gentle* men. Mr. Amherst took np the honorary secre- taryship, and how he baa-carried eut his duties, by no means light, ia well shown . in the intereating resume* recently published' of the doings of the society ainee its inoeption. All th* kind things that were said about Mr; Amherst at the meeHnfc thé other tdfbt; ure well deserved, and te bim in a great measure, is the formation and continued success o! tbs' association dot. Dr.* Waylen hes beth, a president in fact sa well aa ie nam's, Ht?;ia . ?"-:;. ...... ? 'li-::. one of the oldest, tod alee, jointly with Mr. Amherst, ons of the largest vineyard preprie* tors ia the colony. His money is in th* business and bis heart is in it too, and two" better credentials for th» presidency of the " pivot" aerociatlon he could not well have. As president of the aserooiation and aa obair* man of the first convention of the fruitgrowers and agriculturalist« of the colony, held under the auapioes of the Association, he bas been a daeidad success, and by the manner in wfaiob he has gaided the destinies of the society he has done well for the colony at larga. Say by day mora interest is being manifested ls vine and fruitgrowing; day by day is tb« necessity ef association more felt, and in years to oems thees small beginnings wüT he looked baos! *B with both pride and please** by those wk« took an activa part ia them. Rere is oas thing I must poll the doctor ap ói^amá that fe hi« statement that the 8wan Asaooiatiou had been the most aottre of any. The Swaa Association, lias, te Its ereilt, dene the vety bett nader' the ofronm* stacee* that eoald be done, bat . r i cannot forget say first leve et first baras- toc Toodyay Association. A meath bas not passed as yet sinoe its formation ia which I ' haye not reoeived a post card notifying ia» ef a meeting, ¿lind that a paper on some subject or another of general interest te tho members is to be read. ' The people of Kew. cas ie are keeping tba* asaoeiatioa alive and doing good work, and when Mr. Amherst ls ' short of a papar for the Swan Association he could net do better than ask come of the Wewaastle members ap to give as the results bf their .praotieal experience. Let us hear from all parta >of the colony, and ist them hear'bern ns,Let them be a ceattoual inter ohange of. experiences, and we »Vre bound te lehnt énuüdhá. The $Torth«m As)soot»tf appears te b* .armant. Have the temperases people frightened the secretary t I hop» iasa, for Mr. Dreyer ts a worker when be tates hold. Mr. Kelso ia now a Northsmit$ and I hops be will infuse soma of bis snperal^daaT vitality and git ip ' Into the immMom, With an orchard like Mr. TfarosseU's^eon. tinually in front of them, and a praotíeaJhian> like Mr. Keleo in their midst, there ought to be nbhangbaokintbe Northam dietrich éajonfc fruit growing. ; . . * -V * . V:* -, The hospitable oonolnsion ti) tb» yeat Í8P3' of tba Swan Association, so generously pro- vided by Dr. -Waylen, might be repeated with - advantage, not by individuals but by the societies. In no way oould Dr. Waylen have better shown bii appreciation of the ofttcé he holds than tb*.^little supper "-which by the way wa* arnott recherche and elaborate repas t- iu no way oould he have mir« fittingly ' marked the dose ef the ataooiatieh'a first yea«, and ia no way could he have given greater pleasure to tim members. At a feast like this a number ef people meat together who bavé'at .kmsfc* one. thibg in common; oeuveraatioa never naga, for there is uppermost in every poe's mind the.one thing- that is to them of the greatast interest, and they aaturatly like best to talk about that in preference fo any* thing else. Thar* ia no fear of wearing the subject threadbare, and the result ls that each one leaves the richer with some point gained, seme little bit of informattan, some new experience that he lacked when he went there. little Items which ono considers are hardly worth mentioning in a formal meeting' are given away st the festive board, aafi. perchance, are of the greatest Importante hi someone. Tbefresdemof oooverta^ioB gives rise te new thoughts; new ideas snugest themselves to his mind. ? The basinses of the meeting held previojoaly is elaborated' and ' ¿sae ever again in é^etaiL and, in short, abd leas ste tba benefit* ta ra derivad from iftds "alabaste eemmuaioa of ama * when all the communicants ara> enthused with the same hopes, the same aepireties* and' the atone doatras, hera *ia eemmoa passait. Why «»?14 «ot them abetal rêmtitnê take place ? oftener t If the numbera ware .ta provide the wine, the neilds might well be provided from the fände of the association. And then, ia the fruit season, speoimens might be brought np for external discussion first and internal duouesien later os.- There would be a cbanee tbis way of getting seme of the thousand and ono varieties faed true to name; In wine tasting, there is a vast opportunity to encourage the palates of the younger members, in that nice discrimination which ia essential to the making and classing of good wine. The seniors and more ex- perienced might first sample and give their opinions, and then, let the junien see wbsA they ona de. "Dr. Waylen, in «is kindness of heart, has set a magnificent example that few will dare to follow, and-he has at tba esme time shown , in ita moat attractive eaiours the social aspect of the associations. The glimpse we have had should be units enough to indues the members te arrange amoafrst themselves for a quarterly gathering, ? at any rate. THE Soho (London) of November ISth., re- marks :-Lord Percy Douglas la rightly re- garded by the Western Australians aa a " real five lord " in the " live " sense of the term fer be has displayed quite a vigorous, spirit ot enterprise during his connection with that ¿ -rising colony. The majority of the young 1 peers and baronets wbe have favoured Ans I'tralia by making their bornes there have, aa a rule, gone in for squatting pursuits, hut ' Lord Percy Douglas has, to his profit, mixed himself np with the gold mining. industry, and he is now the proud polseuor of what promises tb prove am exeeedingiyJfieh.elahn " on the reoehtiy-opened goldfield ai Cloolgef. die. Lord Percy is on this alie ju^atf^ . but he retorna to Western AustrHia alaaott ' immediately, to look af ter Maj lifo*esta end : those ef bis friônds on the íánstraHán/ l"ReaaV'- , . :;M ; . ?V..1 : i /. .. , ... I .... yl.-A .'vfewitei 