WILDFLOWER. BOOK VI 1 1. CHAPTER III.— (CoNTiprcED.) But notwithstanding all his common tlace -diecoursa, and his'~ kind respectful manner towards her, Avice 'knew that he was scarce conscious of what he was say ing, and was thinking of all that had been spoken concerning Edward Ciiffcon, and coupling her name and her old lover's to gether in his mind. She felt she would have given a great deal to convince him of the contrary 5 she did apt like him to think that she was weak minded enough to fall in love with Edward Clifton again. She was almost angry with him for giving credit to the supposition for one instant. But there he sat, striving hard to look like a man of business and a government Eecretary, and avoiding all recurrence to the subject as much for A vice's sake as his own. Avice was really glad when Mr. Stan jnore and Rosamond rose to depart. ' And you will come soon, Awy dear,' gaid Rosamond. '- I shall be expecting you every day, now Misb Wrickerton is gaining Btrength once more.' ' I hope to come before the winter sets in.' 'I shall persuade papa to accompany you.' said Rosamond, glancing at her father, ' to put away all those trouble some papers and dreary books; to leave business — oh ! that business— and spend a few weeks at Samderstone. Why, it will be the old days over again. You will come papa?' , ' No, thank you, Rosamond,** he ans wered, with a nervous twitch at the corner of Ms mouth. ' Not till the next summer, I think.' ? ' But Avice will be with us.' ' Avice will find a more fitting com panion than I — a young man who ? ' He checked himself as Avice, with a look of pain, turned airay. When he shook hands with, her, he murmured — ' That was a foolish speech of mine, Arice. Forgive me and forget it' ' There is nothing to forgive.' ' You do not wonder why I come so little to this house,' he said in the same low tone. '' You can tee it is a better, ?wiser policy to stay at home and study hard than come to see you. You will be lieve I am not learning to forget- you, daughter?' . Her hand -was trembling as he relin quished it. ' Trjk and remember what I said about the ladijes,' he said, in a lighter tone. ' It ib as we'll to deliberate profoundly and not to dash, madly at the flame when you feel the wings of love bearing you upwards. I always liked Clifton ; I think he will make tou a good husband, Avice.' ' Yoh. do not believe ? ' 'There, there, not a word,' hastily inter' lupted he. ' God bless you both, and good night.' ' ' Father and daughter were gone. Mrs. Badge had come in, and after listening to a recital of the principal pointB of dis course, had dozed of£ in opposition to Miss Wrickerton,. leaving- Avice to ? -Lraw her chair nearer to the table, to lean her el bows on it, to cover her face with her Lands, after the. old habit, and to sink a fathomless depth in the great sea of thought. ' What a funny way to go to sleep,' Eaid Martha Badge to Miss Wricker ton, as she struggled out of her nap about an hour after the departure of the visitors. ' That's how the dear child used to drop off when quite a little girL' 'I'm not asleep,' said Avice, sitting back in her chair and lowering her hands. ' Don't tell me that, Avice, with those great red eyes of your'n,' exclaimed Martha, laughing hoarsely. ' Ladies never go to sleep, oh no ', Why Miss I Wrickerton and I have been a sitting here and watching you this last half hour and more V CHAPfER IV. Signs. Avice Hern went down to Sanderstone when Miss Wrickerton vaB better ; that was in the end of the last autumn month,. I when the roadways were full of golden I leaves, and half the birds that had sung of Bummer were thousands of miles away enjoying change of air and diet. She had chosen a dismal time of year to visit the old place j and it was a windy cheerless day that gave her welcome back to Sandersfcone as the stage-coach, set her down at the Bear Inn. There was no Mend waiting to receive her; it was to, be a surprise at the Hall, and. therefore Rosamond had had .no warning of her coming'. Avice had looked forward to this long \- promised visit with no small anticipation ; but whether the dulness of the -lay, or the threatening signs of winter apparent on each feature of the landscape, or the memories which were conjured up at every tread, and all of which were more or leBs painful, served to depress her, it was at least evident that the little figure wending her way alowly along Sanderstone-road. was not in the best of spirits and was going to see her .friends with not the lightest heart in the world.. . At a bend of the road near the Hall Avice came upon Arnold Hern, who was lounging against his own palings -and earnestly gazing at the distant gates of I tae avenue. ? ? ? ' . Be leaped like one who had. seen a ghost. '.. ? -???? '?? ? '? ? I ' What, MisB Hern I' he cried, shaking j hands violently with her, 'thiB is & sur prise. How glad Eosamond will be to^ see you 1 Why did you not tell xis the^d^f ^e would have had the carriage waiting for you at the railway station.' ' I am fond, of .surprises,' said Avice, taking the arm lie offered her ; 'and so I preferred a mysterious appearance. But I hope I am not taking you away fron--Jany, engagement.' ?'?.'*?.-.-' 'Engagemenfcl' said he, suddenly flush I iog up j'' what engagement (do you think I I could We on the king's higiiwkfr' I' I thought you might have been wait I ing for some friends,' -»nmrked,^Avice. ? ' . . I ' Nbjb^Jie a^«w«fr64. .'.,* 3ay4rfendB/iii£ I I tare any, fenow where to ^£b^ ale.; 3?^ I I only came for a/jBtroll,aiid to ejljoy .my I cigar.' ?' ... _??[?';:' . ./? '.[. /^V^'1^ / ? ' Rosamond' and the baby axe quite well, , I hope.'* ; 'Oft! they ate getting on very well now,' said Arnold. «« The little chap has a deuce of a cough, certainly ; bnt nothing for Rosamond to worry herself to death; about. Good, Heavens ! how she worries1 about that child I' 'She iB arloving tender mother,' said Avice. ' , ' Ah ! yes, a trine loo much so,' yawned; Arnold. ' We'd 'better stop at the lodge, and tell Millthorn to Bend some one for your boxes.' ? ; ' There is only one.' ? ' I hope not symbolical of a short staay?' 5 - c. 'A week.' \ 'Nonsense!' ' Ah I you will get quite tired or xoj methodical ways in one week, Mr. Arnold.' They were at the lodge ; and Millthorn came out to unlock the gates. He imme diately recognised Avice. ' Well, Millthorn, I have come to see Sanderstone again,' ' . ' That's right, miss/' , j , - ' How is your wife and Katie ?' ' Both well and hearty, Miss Hern, thank'ee,' said he, unlocking the gates. ' I hope I may say the same of you.' ' Anybody been f ' asked Arnold, before Avice could rely. 'No, sir.' ? ' Keep a sharp look out/' he muttered in a low tone. « All right, Bic.'\ :? ? After a few words concerning Avice's box at the Bear Inn, they strolled leisurely up the avenue. ' We have made Millthorn lodge-keeper, Miss Avice,' said Arnold. « We thought the place would suit him.' ' He is trustworthy. But who is this girl coming from, the Hall ? Surely it is Katie.' ' Yes,' replied Arnold,, carelessly, ' it's our lodge-keeper's daughter,'. ' How pretty she haB grown.' ' Do you think so ?' Katie approached them with downcast eyes and blushing face. As Avice and her companion stopped, she made a quick, low curtsey, and murmured the name of « Miss Hern.' - ? . ' Why Katie, what a young woman you have grown I' 'So they tell me, Miss Hern,' she answered, looking on the ground. ' I — I am glad you have come to see us all again.' There were a few more words exchanged, but the girl appeared to have assumed a bashful reserved manner towards Avice, which struck her as singular. There she stood, shyly averting her head and coloring at each word addressed to her. When Katie had left them, which she did with a rapidity that told her position had been an embarrassed and constrained one, Avice remarked Upon her taciturnity. to which Arnold replied — ' That he had heard she was a shy girl, but he did not take much notice of the people about the house. He supposed the sudden Burprise of meeting Avice had upset the little intellect of which she had to boast.' ' There's Rosamond,' said Arnold, point ing to one of the .windows* ' she has given the child to the nurse and is coming to meet you.' The front door opened suddenly, and Rosamond came running down the avenue with outstretched arms. ' Oh ! my dear, dear Awy, I am so glad — I am so glad !' cried she, flinging her aims round the neck of Avice. ' But you are very thoughtless to come into thiB cold air without a bonnet or Bhawl, sister,' said Avice, as she embraced her; ' there, let us get into the house as fast as we can.' ' And tell one another all your state secrets, and get them over by the time I come back to dinner,' said Arnold, as he wheeled round and retraced his steps down the avenue. 'That is the best thing we can do, Rosamond,' eaid Avice, ' and then we shall be better company for the MessrB. Hern.' When they were in Rosamond's own room, and Avice had disencumbered her self of her travelling gear, the baby was brought in and placed in Its mother's arms. Avice felt a chilling sensation in every vein as she looked at the child in Rosa mond's lap — the boy had altered even in the little time since she had seen him last, he had grown more thin and' white, and his great blue eyes were more earnestly than ever looking at some objects far away — perhaps, far-away in heaven t ' He don't grow much,' said Rosamond, stooping over the infant and kissing him, ' but I think that he is getting stronger. Oh ! he is getting such a dear quiet boy.' ' Arnold tells me that he has a cough.' 'Yes, that frightens me sometimes,' eaid ^Rosamond j ** it seems to shake his tiny frame so— but all children hare coughs, you know.' ^ ?' - ' ' Yes — certainly,^ murmured Arice. ' Sometimes I amuse myself by fancying how I shall dress him when he is a year or two older,*' eaid, ^Rosamond, 'and what a handsome boy he will be then 1' ' '? ' You must not dwell too much upon! the child,' said 'Avice, tenderly'}, 'you must not set your whole heart — your every thought, on this dear infant, Rosamond, it would not-be.right.' t ~ ' I canifet help it,*' replied Rosamond; «IunderBfend -what yotfmean, Avice j jthe doctor saidisometbing to -the same effect, hut ymust lore my little Arnold here with all my heart,' though life is uncertain at' the best.v'; Ye|, yet I do not think ; he will; be strnck dowWof all the world, my only one, my 'darling!'' V -*?;.,. :'.-.?' ?- Avice looked at the *fire^as Rosamond , i^nt.on^:^-^;: 'J::'.^'f ' ' r'~ .V ?,j '**I ifl-rej one fear though, and it is a terrible on,e— if I should die—rif Q06L should; take me'ftommy- husband; and my child before; th& child grows j-u^— jwrhat would become of him-p^whb would .love him for liis mother's akkeff'JrV v-'v-.---.-- ':?-'?? :? :i.f* jD-would^K.; :.'?,' m-'-'-M ''?*?': .' : ? :'?/?? ' ? - ; ' Y'ou w^lpron^tae that,*' cried RoBa inondj^eagerly 5 1 *«^or '^jrfQ'-i^fh^&ymy; - for a feV ^earfe^ithey iwjilie % jro^i'JJnio'p^-.: will teach him not to f or^ei his . motherr yon^1will- ' .' '?*'?;?,/,.? . 'v.-l '??-?r'.:^:,'.^-;!:-- .^-^ ~ b My.^^^dear^Roe^mon^^^^^viB*, *' thiB\as* lowing a very gloomy picti^ God, have many years of life before you; why torture yourself with, unneces sary fears?' «? I don't know,' answered Rosamond ; ' I. have a host of curious ideas that keep swarming to my poor head; and I'm not strong. I tease Arnold with my weary looks sometimes. 1 cannot account for all this — f or I am very happy !' ' You hare Katie still in you service.' 'Yes.' ' I see Millthorn is your lodge-keeper.' ,'Yes,' - It was some time before Avice could draw Rosamond to .a lighter train of thought, and it was quite dark before they -were chatting about Miss Mistlef ord's grand marriage, and /the progress of affairs at the Hall itself. 'We shall leave here in the summer, Awy,' said Rosamond. ' I believe every thing is settled, I wish we were coming to London to live near you and father.' ' London air would not agree with you, Rosamond.' ' I think it would — but Arnold the little,' smiling at the baby in her lap, ' might object to it. So we must keep 100 miles away from the noisy Babel. Do you remember me one day speaking to you, Avice, about Mr. Walter Hern being rough at times?' ' ? ' Yes, dear.' ' He is not .half so boisterous now,' said Rosamond, ' although I regret to say he has become very weak and nervous; his losses seem to have preyed upon him, and he has got thoughtful and is occasionally strange in the extreme. I tell you this, Avice, in order that his manner may not surprise you during your stay here.' Dinner was soon afterwards announced, and the baby having been transferred-'to the arms of his nurse, and Avice having kissed him and wished him good-night, they repaired to the dining-room. Walter Hern, who was really glad to welcome Avice to the Hall, pressed both the hands of his niece in his rough palms, and'hoped that she had come to make a long stay and cheer the lot of them up a bit, for upon their souls they wonted itr— didn't they, Rosamond ? Walter Hern had begus to look old — -he had given way at last, his broad, coarse looking face was full of furrows, and his' moustache had changed to a dirty grey hue, and was certainly not an attractive ornament to his upper lip. Arnold entered as the head of the house was shaking hands with Arice, and com pleted the family party. ?.'We won't be at home to a soul to night, Arnold boy,' said Walter Hern; 'you hear that, John?' to the servant hovering in attendance. 'Yes, sir.' ' We'll hare a quiet evening, and Avice shall sing us ' Auld lang Byne.' By Jove V cried Hern, ' I've almost forgotten what a quiet evening's like.' 'Like a grave,' said Arnold. 'Are you still a lover of society, Mr. Arnold ?' asked Avice. ' I like a friend or two,' said Arnold. 'I hope there's no sin in that, Miss Avice?' 'What's the matter, Arnold?' asked Walter, looking up' from his plate, K any thing wrong ?' ' Is anything right?' -was the sullen reply. ' Very little,' said Walter ; ' but come, young fellow*, yon mustn't be out of temper to-night— just for once now.' 'Well! 'Begone dull care,'' cried Arnold ; ' you shall see what a model gentleman I'll be this evening — Miss Hern, 1 shall have great pleasure in drinking wine with you.' Arnold was quite an amiable young man for the remainder of the evening, and when he and his father had joined Rosamond and Avice in that drawing-room to which they paid such few and far between visits, they were quite gallants in their attention, and Rosamond with Arnold hy her side really looked — happy I The evening soon passed, and they were exchanging good-nights and talking of a long ride on horseback for the morrow. 'Don't go, Avice,' said Walter Hern, ' I want a little talk with you, if you have no particular objection.' Avice looked surprised, but readily gave consent. ' Family matters, my boy,' said he to Arnold, ' you need not stare so. I suppose uncle and niece may hare a chat together without everybody opening eyes and mouth —-hoi hot hoi' After Arnold and Rosamond had retired, Walter Hern drew his chair nearer the fire and looked hard at Avice. ' Hare you any objection to my smoking ?' said Hern, drawing a meer schaum pipe from his pocket ; ' if s very rude and vulgar, I know, but I can't get; on without my pipe.' ' Oh 1 do not mind me, Mr. Hern,' replied Atvice. ' I hare no oojection,' Hern lighted his pipe, and after a few minutes' contemplation of the fire, said — ' Do you know, Avice, although we haven't seen much of each other or been very good friends in our time, yet I nover feel the same to you as I do to other people. You put me always in mind of brother Jem. Poor Jem was a good sort of fellow in Mb way, Avice. . I suppose you hardly remember him, girl ?' , ' I shall ever remember him,' said Arice, the tears coming into her ey«B. . . ' Well; I don't mind for the reason of our relationship/' said Hern, biting hard at the amber mouth-piece of his pipe, ' letting yon know how affairs are getting on here. Whyt A-vioe, Fin. blest if we haven't got to the end of Dick's money— -what a heap it was ! — and are going rery comfortably to the dogs.' , This affecting confession so overcame him that he drew the pipe from his -month and wiped his eyes. ..,'?-?? . 'Usroing to the dogsl ' said he, shaking his* head, gravely, ** debts coining in on all &ideB;, and a mortgage about to smash ns to the d'eipi — beg. paxdon, girl, but con-' eider the feelings of axuinedman and make allowance for Mb indignation.'' ' 