THE HAPPIEST TIME. (AmiitEW LAND, IN THE " ANGLO AMERICAN TIMES.") Two futile little questions have lately occupied persons who scribble, and who have not always a handy subject to scribble upon. Bricks we must make', often without straw. One problem proposed is, whether childhood or maturity 19 the happiest time ? Another, " At what historical event would you like best to have been present?" The former question is particularly void. There is no universally happiest time. One may have been a poor child, and become a rich man ; a clever child, and later a stupid man ; a lucky child and an unlucky man ; or those circumstances may be reversed. One will have most enjoyed the period when one had toast of our, most health, and most of one's own way. To some those advantages will fall at one period of life, to others at another. If there is more zest is youth there is also keener disappointment. '" Not to admire or desire" is a lesson we learn Into, if we loam at nil. A spoiled holiday in boyhood, a rainy day for a cricket match, may be a considerable misfortune in a few years we can whistle o'er We have o't," I don't know that I was ever so near suicide as when I was captain of a school second eleven which got beaten by another school. As to cares and sorrows, what life is without them ? One has known babies who were premature pessimists, who _ never availed, who were as insatiably anxious to get hold of the moon as a foolish man is to make more money, or a wise man to catch a salmon. There was always a pin veUng those babies somewhere; their dinner conspicuously disagreed with them. Though they did not look before and after, they BOomed to pine for what is not, or is not attainable. St. Augustine admits that, as far he has heard, he was a baby of this kind, with a fiendish temper. This he sets down to original sin; I presume Science explains it by heredity, and is followed in this by the novels of cheap culture. As we grow a little older we do not arrive at an age necessarily happy, even if we have plenty to eat and are kindly treated.' I have known a little girl of 0 carry jealotiBy to a Irjifcoh worthy of the most frantic and foolish grown-up woman ; her uncle got married, and she resented this desertion, being unacquainted with the still extant legal obstacles to bar passion, The sorrows of children may not last very long, but they are as keen as ours, and one is followed by another. superstitious terrors prey on the minds of small boys and. girls. Some have a mysterious power of seeing frightful visions : nor can they divide the subjective from the objective, the actual from the illusion. The only comfort is that they may develop into persons of genius, poets, or romancers ; but to this comfort (if it be one) they do not look forward, I never saw any visions, but my memory was so richly stored with "ghosts and har-ghaists, devils, and lobbies," as a Scottish writer quaintly says, that night was an agitating time, Even now I have a haunted house Slough I never saw a ghost in such a nation, except perhaps one), and I keep looking out for a Luminous Boy or a shrill Banshee. In childhood this was a severe sorrow, and it is very common. As to school life, it was simply detestable, if you were small and eladious-studious, of, course, in the wrong way. To be, a good cricketer, and in good health, must wake' boyhood really the happiest timorous notice, But to be a muff, that is awful I Thon lessons are a frightful scourge. TliolGroek irregular vert's, history, geography, arithmetic, Euclid, those are torments of which maturity knows nothing. The more aspect of a grammar carries me back to the day when I neither could nor would loam it, and was in constant danger of corporal punishment, which I never could stand. I loathed being licked, but I loathed grammar more, and that detestable Virgil. How little he had to say, one thought, and is what a roundabout way he said it. Then history, such good reading when you were not obliged to read it, really could not be endured when it was made compulsory. Boyhood at school was a perfect Gehenna, till one acquired some appreciable amount of skill with the death, and in the classics. The holidays were another matter. Oh, to be 14, within look full of sea trout for your private recreation ; those were the really happy times. AB to youth, I suppose that many people have so mismanaged the contemporary affairs of the heart, that they really might as well have been back among irregular verbs. Nobody knows what young people go through in this way, or some of them. Perhaps the happiest time is that when a man, or lad has left school and all its horrors behind him, has got through small, has not yet got into debt, is not in love, and is in the middle of his first summer term at one of the universities. It requires a rare genius for misery not to be happy then. After that one age is much like another, and happiness depends on health, character, and circumstances. " Let each man rouse the ford as -he finds it." He may have been pessimistic baby, a muff at school, and he may develop into more fortunate conditions ; or he may have been a healthy, jolly child, a hero at school, and he may manage by bad luck, or bad behaviour, to ruin his life afterwards. There are happy old man, like Virgil's ancient gardener, under the walls of Challa; there are miserable young men, there are contented fogies ; the period of life hnsnonocossaryinlluouco on happiness. The happiest person I ever knew was an old Irish woman who swept a crossings And I never know a person whom they could hardly call happy who was not sincerely religious ; the form of creed seems to make no difference. Of course, one cannot convert, the proposition, and say that all sincerely religious -people are happy. A happy iernporqiii<mt is the gift of heaven, but it, needs a ' foundation of belief, .? The problem of the happiest period in the individual life is like that of the happiest stage of civilisa- tion in the life of the race. Mr. Boswell voted for savagery ; Dr, Johnson for Janet street and Streatham, in savagery you have no social inequalities-; younllitarvo or all gorge together. But you very often starve ; you are always in danger of a spear; from the nearest bush, and you are at school your whole life long as far as being tortured and bullied for religious reasons is concerned. There are scores of harmless things which you may not do, Scores of filthy and horrible; things which your are obliged to do, and you are over in danger of being tortured to death and eaton after wards. Sharks, serpents, lions, tigers, interfere with the happy life. Signorina Eleanora Duso, the , Italian tragedienne, was to arrive in London from New York towards the end of April, and to appear at the Lyric Theatre on 11th May. Like Hinton and Salvini before her, Signorina Duso has a company of her own, consisting of about twenty-five members. Hor pieces are chiefly the plays identified with the name of Sarah Bernhardt. 