AMUSEMENTS. -2 " HAMLET." Mr. Alfred Dampier revived "Hamlet" at the Theatre Royal last evening, in accordance with his praiseworthy custom of setting apart one night in the week for a Shakespearian representation. Every actor admits the elevating and inspiriting influence upon his method of such divergence from the beaten track and in Australia, where the matinees which are the refuge of the melodramatic artist in London are almost an impossibility, it is natural that artistic relief and recreation should be sought by occasionally placing tragedy and poetic drama in the evening by Mr. Dampier's weekly Shakesperian performances formed a feature during his long tenancy of the Gaiety and Royal Standard Theatre a tenancy which was only closed in April, 1887, after 22 months' nightly of appearances before the playgoers of this city. Thus the actor's reading of " Hamlet " is perfectly familiar here, and its popularity may be gauged by the fact that the audience at the Theatre Royal last night was unusually large, all parts of the house being nearly filled. Now scenery had been painted on the revival, and though the support was very far from strong, the representation as a whole was marked by earnest endeavour, and proved fairly effective with the audience. Mr. Dampier gives a shrewd and forcible reading of the character, speaking the lines with just emphasis and weight, and moving through the varied scene with dignity. The romantic mysticism of Hamlet's character is hardly suggested by this Prince of Denmark, who is seldom troubled with the " pale cost of thought," and allows but little of the dreamer to appear in his composition. Mr. Dampier's Hamlet is rather a shrewd man of the world, very confident of the success of his deep-laid schemes to catch the conscience of a king, full of contempt for the shallow followers of the Court, cruelly stern and masterful with the Queen mother In all these scenes Mr. Damp or is boldly effective, speaks the noble lines well, and never fails to make the points for which the audience look. Thus the tragedian won the favour of the house, and was recalled many times during the evening. Miss Rose Dampier Ophelia proved one of the weak places in the cast, though it may be added that the port was carefully played, find that the quality of the singing voice in the mad scene was remarkably tuneful. Mr. J. P. West played the part of the King with weight and evident experience, Mr. J. H. Rainsford spoke with fooling the fine lines of the Ghost, and Messrs. Beaton and Buller nore well placed as the First and Second Gravedigger. During the evening the orchestra, under the direction of Mr. S. White, played Fnccio's ' Ophelia March," the original score of which had been kindly lent for that purpose by Signor Hazon " Hamlet " will be performed again next Friday, and elsewhere allusion is made to the new production announced for to-night. 