Unexpected Pomp at the Perkins's. BY JOHN KENDRICK BANGS, in Harper's Bazar. "My dear," said Thaddeus one night as he and Bessie entered the library after dinner, "that was a very good dinner to-night. Don't you think so?" " All exoept the salmon," said Bessie with • smile. " Salmon ?" echoed Thaddeas. " Salmon ? I didn't see any salmon." "No," said Bessie, "that was just the trouble. It didn't come up—although it was in the house before dinner, I'm certain. I saw it arrive." " Ellen couldn't have known you intended it for dinner," said Thaddeus. •' Yes, Bhe knew it was for dinner," returned Bessie, " but she made a mistake as to whose dinner it was for. She supposed it wag bought for the kitchen table, and when I went down stairs to inquire about it a few minutes ago it was fulfilling its assumed mission nobly. There wasn't muoh left but the tail and one fin." "Well!" ejaculatedThaddeua, "I call that a pretty cool proceeding. Did you give her a talking to?" "No," Bessie replied shortly; "I despise a domestic fuss, so I pretended I'd gone down to talk about breakfast. We'll have breakfast an hour or two earlier tomorrow, dear." "What's that for?" queried Thaddeus, bia eyes open wide with astonishment. " You are not going shopping, are you ?" "jfcJo, Teddy, I'm not; but when I got down stairs and realised that Ellen had made the natural mistake of supposing the fish was for the downstairs dinner, this being F.nday, I had to think of something to say, and nothing would come except that we wanted breakfast at 7 instead of at 8. It doesn't do to have servants suspeot you of spying upon them, nor is it wise evor to appear flustered- so mamma says—in their presence. I avoided both by making Ellen believe I'd come down to order an early breakfast." " You are a great Bessie," said Thaddeus with a laugh. "I admire you more than ever, my dear, and to prove it I'd get up to break' fast if you'd ordered it at 1 a.m." " You'd be more likely to stay up to it," said Bessie, " and thon go to bed after it." " There's your Napoleonio mind again," 6aid Thaddeus. " I should never have thought of that way out of it. But Bess," he continued, " when I was praising to-night's dinner I had . a special object in view. I think Ellen cooks well enough now to warrant us in giving a dinner—don't you." " Well, it ail.depends on what we have for dinner," said Bessie. "Ellen's biscuits ate atrocious, I think, and you know how lumpy the oatmeal always is." "Suppose we try giving a dinner with the oatmeal and biscuit courses left out ?" suggested Thaddeus with a grin. Bessie's eyes twinkled. " You make very bright after-dinner speeches, Teddy," she said. " I don't see why we can't have a dinner with nothing but pretty china, your sparkling con versation, and a few flowers strewn about. It would be particularly satisfactory to me." " They're not all angels like you, my dear," Thaddeus returned. "There's Bradley, for instance. He'd die of starvation before we got to the second course in a dinner of that kind; and if there is any one thing that can cast a gloom over a dinner, it is to have one of the guests die of starvation right in the middle of it." "Mr. Bradley would never do so ungentle manly a thing," said Bessie, laughing heartily; "Ho is too considerate a man for that; held starve in silence and without ostentation." "Why this sudden access of confidence in Bradley ?" queried Thaddeus. " I thought you didn't like him?" "Neither I did until that Sunday he spent with u»," Bessie^ answered. " I've admired him intensely ever since. Don't you remember, we had lemon pie for dinner—one I made myself." " Yes, I remember," said Thaddeus; " but I fail to see the connection between lemon pie and Bradley." "You wouldn't have if you'd watched Mr. Bradley at dinner," retorted Bessie. "He ate two pieces of it." "And just because a man eats two pieces of lemon pie prepared by your own fair hands you whirl about, and from utterly disliking him, call him, upon the whole, one of the most admirable produots of the human race ?" said Thaddeus. " Not at all," Bessie roplied with a broad smile. " But I did admire the spirit and politeness of the man. On our way home from church in the morning we were talking about the good times children have on their little picnics, and Mr. Bradley said he never enjoyed a picnio in his life, because every one he had ever gone to was ruined by the baneful influence of lemon pic." Tha.ldeus laughed. "Then he didn't like lemon pie ?" he asked. " No, he hated it," said Bessie, joining in the laugh. "He added that the original receipt for it came out of Pandora's box." "Poor Bradley 1" cried Thaddeas, throwing his head back in a paroxysm of mirth. " Hated pie—declared his feelings—and then to be confronted by it at dinner!" "Pie behaved nobly," said Bessie. "Ate his first piece like a man, and then oalled for a second like a hero when you remarked that it was of my make." "You ought to have told him it wasn't necessary, Bess," said Thaddeus. "I felt that way myself at first," Besae explained ; " but then I thought I wouldn't 4tt him know I remembered what he had said."* " I fancy that was better," said ThaddMK " But about that dinner. What do you s^ to our inviting the Bradleys, Mr. and lAfc Phillips, the Robinsons, and the Twinings F" "How many does that make? Eight* fe> sides ourselves?" asked Bessie, counting upon her fingers. "Yes—ten altogether," said Thaddeas. "It can't be done, dear," said Bessie. "Yf» have only eight fruit plates." "Can't you and I go without fruit?" Thaddeus asked. " Not very well," laughed Bessie. " It would never do." " They might think the fruit was poisoned if we did, eh ?" suggested Thaddeus. " Besides, Mary never oould serve dinner for ten; eight is her number. Last time we had ten people, don't you remember, she dropped a tray full of dinhes, and poured the olaret into the oharapagne glasses?" "Oh yes, so she did," said Thaddeus. " That's how we oame to have only eight fruit plates. I remember. I don't think it was the number of people at the table, though. It was Twining oaused the trouble. He had just made the pleasant remark that he wouldn't have an Irish servant in his house, when Mary fired the salute." " Then that settles it," said Bessie. " We'll out the Twinings out and ask the others. I don't oare rnuoh for Mrs. Twining anyhow; she's nothing but clothes and fidgets." " And Twining doesn't do muoh but ask you what you think of certain things, and then tell you you are all wrong 'when he finds out," said Thaddeus. " Yes, it's just as well to cut thorn off this time. We'll make it for eight, and have it a week from Thursday night." " That's Mary's night off," said Bessie. " Then how about having it Friday ?" * " That's Maggie's night off, and there won't he anybody to mind the baby." " Humphi" said Thaddeus. " I wish there were a baby safe-deposit company somewhere. Can't your mother oome over and look after him?" •< No," said Bessie. " She oan't. The child always develops something every time mother comes. Not, of course, that I believe she gives it to liim, but she looks for things, don't you know?" " Yes," said Thaddeus, " I know. Then make it Wednesday. That's my busy day down town, and I shan't be able to get home much before half past G, but if dinner is at 7 there will be time enough for me to dress." " Very well," said Bessie. " I will write the invitations to-morrow, and you and I can get up the menu." "Oysters to begin with, of course," said Thaddeus. " I suppose so," said Bessie, " though, you remember, the last timo we had oysters you had to open them, beoause the man from the market didn't get here until half-past 7." " And Ellen had never opened any exoept with a taok hammer," said Thaddeus. "Yes —I remember. But lightning never strikes twice in the same place. Pat down the oysters. Then we'll have some kind of a pur6e—celery puree, eh ?" " That will be very good if Ellen can be in duced to keep it thick." "Perhaps we'd better tell her we want a celery consomme," suggested Thaddeus. " Then it will be sure to be as thick as a dictionary." " I guess it will be all right," said Bessie. "What kind of fish?" " Bradley likes salmon, Bobinson likes sole, Phillips likes whaitbait, and so do I." " We'll have whitebait," said Bessie simply. "Then a roast of beef?" " Yes—and an entree of some kind, and next individual butter-ball docks." " No Roman punch?" "We oan get along without that, I think," ■aid Thaddeuß. "We want to keep this dinner down to Mary's comprehension, and I'm afraid she wouldn't know what to make of an ice in the middle of the dinner. The chances are she'd want to serve it hot/ •' All right, Teddy. What next ?" 111 would suggest a lemon pie for Bradley," moiled Thaddeus. " What do you say to Ellen's making one of her tipsy cakes ?" suggested Bessie. " Just the thing," said Thaddeus. " I oould eat a million of 'era. Then we oan finish up with coffee and fruit." So it was settled. The invitations were sent out, and Bessie devoted her energies for the next ten days to making ready. Ellen's osHaary powers were tested at every meal. For dinner one night she was requested to prepare the puree, whioh turned out to be eminently satisfactory. Thaddeus gave her a few practical lessons in the art of opening oysters, an art of which ho had become a master in his college days—in fact, if his own. words were to be believed, it was the sole accomplishment he had there acquired whioh gave any- sigoinoanee whatever to his degree of B.A.—so that in case the "fish gentleman 1' failed to appear in time nothing disastrous might result. Other things on the menu were also ordered at various times, and all went so well that when Thaddeus left home on the chosen Wednesday morning it was with a serene cease of good times ahead. The invited guests had accepted, and everything was promising. As Thaddeus had said, Wednesday was his busy day, and never had it been busier than upon this occasion. Everything moved smoothly, but there was a great deal to move; and finally, when all was done, and Thaddeus rose to leave his desk, it was nearly (J o'clock, and quite impossible for him to roach home before 7. " I shall be late," he said as he harried off; and he was right. He arrived at home ooincidentfy with his gaeets, rushed to bis rpom, and dressed. But one glimpse had he of Bessie, and that was as they passed on the stairs, sho hurrying down to receive her gueste, he hurrying up to change his olothes. •••Oh, Thadl" was all she said, but to Thaddeus it was disconcerting. •' What is the matter, dear?" he asked. "Nothing; I'll tell you later. Harry," she gasped, " or the dinner will bs spoiled." Thaddeus hurried a3 he never hurried before, «od in fifteen minutes walked, immaculate as to attire, into the drawing-room, where Bessie, her colour heightened to an unusual degree, and her usually bright eyes fairly flaming with an unwonted brilnanoe, was entertaining the Br&dtays;, the Phillipees, and the Robinsons. "Didn't expect me, did you?" said Thaddeus ■s he entered the room. " No," said Bradley dryly. "This is an un expeoted pleasure. I didn't even know yon wen a friend of the family." -" Well, I am," Baid Thaddeus. "One of the oldest friends I've got, in faot, whioh is my sole excuse for keeping you waiting. Old friends are privileged—eh, Mrs. Robinson ?" " Dinner ib servod," oame a deep bass voice from the middle of the doorway. Thaddeus jumped as if he had seen a ghost, and, turning to sec what oould have caused the Btrange metamorphosis in the soprano tremolo of Mary's voice, was astounded to see in the parting of the portieres not the more or less portly Mary, but a huge, burly, English-looking man, bowing in a most effective and graceful fashion to Mrs. Bradley, and then straightening himself up into a pose ay rigid and uncompro mising as that of a marble statue. " What on earth " began Thaddeus with a startled look of inquiry at Bessie. But Bessie only shook her head, and put her finger to her lips, enjoining silence, whioh Thaddeus fortunately had the good sense to understand, even if his mind was not equal to the fathoming of that other mystery, £he pompous and totally unexpected butler. But if Thaddeus was surprised to see the butler, he waß amazed at the dinner which the butler served. Surely, he thought, if Ellen oau prepare a dinner like this, Ellen ought to bo above talcing sixteen dollars and a home a month. It was simply a regal repast. The oysters were delicious, and the puree beat any thing Thaddeus had ever eaten in the line of soups in his life—only it was lobster puree, and ten times better than Ellen's general run of celery pur6e. He winked his eye to denote his extreme satisfaction to Bessie when he thought no one was looking, but was overwhelmed with mortification wheu he observed that the wink had been seen by the overpowering butlor, who looked sternly at him, as muoh as to say, v 'Ow wery wulgarl" " I must oongraUlate your cook upon her lobster pur6e, Mrs. Perkins," said Mr. Phillips. " It is delioious." " Yes," put in Thaddeus. " But you ought to taste her celery pur6e. She is undoubtedly great on purges." Bessie coughed slightly, and shook her head at Thaddeus, and Thaddeus thought he detected the germ of a smile upon the cold face of the butler. Ho w»b not cure about it, but it curdled bis blood just a little, becaue* that ghost of a smile seemed to have just a tinge of a Bneer in it. " This isn't the same cook you had last time, is it?" asked Bradley. " Yes," said Thaddeus. " Same one, though it was my wife who made that lem " "Thaddeus," interrupted Bessie, "Mrs. Robinson tells us she and Mr. Robinson are going down to New York to the theatre on Friday night. Can't we all go ?" "Certainly," said Thaddeus. "I'm in on any little diversion of that sort. Why, what's this?—er—why, yes, of course. Phillips, you'll go, and you too, eh, Bradley?" Thaddeus was evidently much upset again; for, instead of the whitebait he and Bessie had decided upon for their fish course, the butler had entered, bearing in a toplofty fashion a huge silver platter, upon whioh lay a superb salmon, beautifully cooked and garnished. This he was now holding before Thaddeus, and stood awaiting his nod of approval before carving it. Inasmuch as Thaadeus not only expected whitebait, but had also never before seen the silver platter, it is hardly surprising that he should sit staring at the fish in a non plussed sort of way. He recovered shortly, however, and, knowing of course the proper thing to do, he gave the nod the butler was waiting for, and the dinner proceeded. And what a dinner it was! Each new course in turn amazed Tbaddeus far more than the course that had preoeded it; and now when the butler, whom Thadeus had got more or less used to, came in bearing a bottle of wine, followed by another stolid, well-dressed person, who might have been his twin brother, and who was in reality no more than assistant to the other, Thaddeus began, to fear that the wine he bad partaken of- had brought about that duplication of sight whioh is Baid to 1m one of the symptoms of over-indalgenoe. Either that or he was dreaming, he thought; and the alternative was not a pleasant one, for as a gentleman Tbaddeus did not over-indulge, and a 9 a person of intellect he did not deem it the proper thing to dream at the dinner table, since the first requisite of dreaming is falling asleep. This Thaddeus never did in polite society. To say that he could soaroely contain him self for curiosity to know what had ooourrcd to bring about this singular condition of affairs is to put it with a mildness which justice to Thaddeus compels roe to term criminal. Yet to his oredit be it said that through the whole of the repast, which lasted for two hours, he kept silent, and but for a certain nervousness of manner no one would have suspected that he was not as he had always been. Indeed, to none of the party, even his wife, did Thaddeus appear anything but what he should be. When, finally, the ladies had withrawn and the men remained over the coffee and cigars, Thaddeus was compelled to undergo a still severer test upon his loyalty to Bessie, whose signal to him to accept all and say nothing he was so nobly obeying. Bradley began it. " I didn't know you'd changed from women to men servants, Perkins." "Yes," said Thaddeus, " w&'ve changed. Rather good ohango, don't yon think ?" "Splendid," said Phillips. "That fellow served the dinner like a prince." "I don't believe he's any more than a duke, though," said Bradley. "Hi 3 manner was quite ducal—in fact, too ducal, if Perkins will let me criticise. He made mo feel like a poor miserable red-bloodod son of the people. I wanted an olive, and, by Jove, I didn't dare ask for it." " That wasn't his fault," said Robinson with a laugh. " You forget that you are a sovereign in your own right, and that you live in a country where red blood is as good as blue. Where did you get him, Thaddeus?" Thaddeus looked like a rat in a corner with a row of oats to the fore. " Oh !—we—er—we got him from—dear me! I never oan remember. Mrs. Perkins oan tell you, though," he stammered. " She looks after the menagerie." '• What's his name ?" asked Phillips. Thaddeus's mind was a blank. He oould not for the life of him think what name a butler would be likely to have; but in a moment he summoned up nerve enough to speak. " Grirmnins," he Baid. "Sounds like a Dickens charaoter," said Robinson. "Does he cost you very muoh, Thad ?" "Oh no—not so very muoh," said Thaddous, whose oase was now so desperate that he resolved to put a stop to it all. Unfortunately his method of doing bo was not by telling the truth, but by a flight of fancy in whioh ho felt he owed it to Bessie to indulge. "No—he doesn't cost muoh," he repeated boldly. "Paot is, ho is a man we've known for agreatmanyyeare. He—er—housed to be butler in my grandfather's house in Philadelphia, and —er—and I was there a great deal of the time as a boy, and Grimmins and I were great friends. When my grandfather died Grimmins disappeared, and until last month I never heard a word of him, and then he wrote to me stating that he wa3 out of work and poor as a fifty- cent table-d'hdte dinner, and would like employment at nominal wages if he could get a home with it. We were just getting rid of our waitress, and so I offered Grimmins thirty a month, board, lodging, and olothes. He came on, I gave him one of my old dress suits, set him to work, and there you are." " I thought you said a minute ago Mrs. Perkins got him?" Baid Bradley, who is one of those disagreeable men with a memory. " I thought you were talking about the oook," said Thttddeus uneasily. "Weren'tyou talk ing about the cook ?" "No; but we ought to have been," said Phillips with enthusiasm. " She's the queen of cooks. What do you pay her ?" " Sixteen," said Thaddeus, glad to get baok on the solid ground of truth once more. "What?" cried Phillips. "Sixteen, and can cook like that ? Take me down and intro duce me, will you, Perkins? I'd like to offer her seventeen to come and oook for me." "Lot's join the ladies," said Thaddeus abruptly. "There's no use our wasting our sweetness upon each other." If the head of the house had expeoted to be relieved from his unfortunate embarrassments by rejoining the ladies he was doomed to bitter disappointment, for the conversation abandoned at the table was resumed in the drawing-room. The dinner had been too much of a success to be forgotten readily. Thacldeus'B troubles were set agoing again when be overheard Phillips saying to Bessie, "Thaddeus has been telling us the remarkable story of Griramins." , Nor were his woes lightened any when he caught's Bessie's reply: "Indeed? What story is that?" " Why—the story of the butler—Grimmins, you know. How you oarae to get him, and all that," said Phillips. " Really you are to be congratulated." " I am glad to know you feel that way," said Bessie simply, with a glanoe at Thaddeus whioh was full of wonderment. " He is a treasure," said Bradley, " but your cook is a whole chest full of treasures. And how fortunate you and Thaddeus are! The idea of there being anywhere in the world a person with suoh ability in her vooation and so poor a notion as to her worth!" Thaddeus breathed again now that the oook was nnder discussion. He knew all about her." " Tes, indeed," safd Bessie. "He did well." " I mean the oook," returned Bradley. " Ton mean she did well, don't yoa?" What Beßsie would have answered, or what Thaddeus would have done next if the conversa tion had been oontinued, can be a matter of unprofitable speculation only, for at this point a wail from aboveetairs showed that Master Perkins had awakened, and the ladies, con siderate of Bessie's maternal feelings, promptly rose to take thoir leave, aud in-ten minutes Bessie and Thaddeus were alone. " What-on earth is the story of Grimmins, Thaddeus ?" she asked as the door closed upon the departing guests. Thaddeua threw himself wearily down upon the sofa and explained. Ho told her all he had said about the butler and the oook. " That's the story of Grimmins," he said when he had finished. " Oh, dear me, dear me 1" cried Bessie, " you told the men that; and I—l, Thaddeus, told the women the truth. Why, it's—it's awful. You'll never hear the end of it." " Well, now that they know the truth, Bess," Thaddeus said, " suppose you let me into the secret. What on earth is the meaning of all this—two butlers, silver platters, dinner fit for the gods, and all?" "It's all because of the tipsy-cako," said Bessie. "Thewhat?" asked Thaddeus, sitting np and gazing at Bessie as if he questioned her sanity. " The tipsy-coke," ehe repeated. " I gave Ellen the bottle of brandy you gavo me for the tipsy-cake, and—and she drank half of it." " And the other half ?" " Mary drank that. They got word this morning that their brother was very ill, and it upset them so I don't believe they knew what they were doing ; but at 1 o'olock, Thad, when I went down to lunch, there was no lunoh roady, and when I descended iuto the kitchen to find out why, I found that the fire had gone out, and both girls were—both girls were asleep on the cellar floor. They're there yet—locked in; and all through dinner I wa3 afraid they might come to, and—und make a rumpus." "And the dinner?" said Thaddeus, a light breaking through into his troubled mind. "I telegraphed to Now York to Partinelli, the caterer, at once, telling him to serve dinner for eight here to-night, supplying service, cook, dinner, and everything, and at 4 o'clock these men arrived and took possession. It was the only thing I could do, Thad, wasn't it ?" "It was, Be3s," said Thaddeus gravely. "It was great; but—by Jove, I wish I'd known, because-— Did yon really tell the ladies the trnth about it ?" " Yes, I did," paid Bessie. " They were so full of praises for everything that I didn't think it was fair for me to take all the credit of it, bo I told them the whole thing." " That was right too," said Tbaddeus " bat those fellows will never let me hear the end of that infernal Grimmins story. I almost wish we-—" " You wish what, Teddy dear?" "I almoßt wish we had not attempted the tipsy-cake, and had stuck to my original sug gestion," said Thaddeas. " What was that ?" Bessie asked. " To have lemon pie for dessert, for Bradley's sake," answered Thaddeus as he looked the front door und turned off the gas. ■ - * 