SHREDS AND PATCHES. By Argus. The vote for the Council of Agriculture had a narrow squiak /or existence in the Assembly, and some of the members were very rough on the local branches ; but they were not nearly as rough in the Chamber as out of it. One hon. member wa- de lighting his friends in the refreshment room with a description of the constitution of a local board, thusly. The chairman !is a pedagogue by profession, who has not the remotest idea of the rudiments of farm ing. There is hardly a whole panel of fencing on his faraa, not a sign of a kitchen gardt-n, neither is there a flower, and not a ghost of a fruit tree ; and his sole occupation consists in putting in a few acres of pota toes each year, and milking half a dozen anatomical cows. He has for two of his colleagues a pair of individuals who came out to learn colonial experience, and ii» pursuit of knowledge bargained for three years to work for their tucker. But before they had been a twelvemonth at the job their employer with tear3 in his eyes, besought them to cancel the contract. 'I'll be ruined otherwise, gentlemen/ was his piteous moan, ' for as the months go on your appetites and your capacity for work increase in inverse ratio. Tou've ate the last spud and have pecked the last trotter of the old sow and I find one of you has started to. attack my old leather leggings, bo at this rate even the youngsters are not safe.' As there was nothing more to eat, the contract was cancelled, and they selected a farm each, put up an 8x6 hut on it and are now full blown members of a branch of the Council of Agriculture. Of course I don't believe the yarn, espec ially as the narrator is only an ' experi mental ' agriculturist at the best and may be jealous of his neighbour. The lately Reverend B. S. Bird has been trotting out his theology in order to champion the bill for the promotion of gambling. But burning the midnight oil in the preparation of taxation schemes, which were strangled afc birth, engineering fruit ventures which turned out rotten, or studying schemes ;to catch the wary codlin moth, has evidently had a softening effect on the mind for his theology ia about on a par with his other ideas. Naturally it went down with mem bers in the Assembly,for as a rule they are more familiar with the ' odds on' than with their bibles. But in the attempt to quote scripture, Mr Bird should have remembered ' that over 1800 years ago another sophis tical individual did the same, and should bear in mind the result. The ex-reverend ' is, however, not going to have it all hit own way, for our northern heavy weight has stepped into the breach and ought jto knock the theological politician endways in two rounds. ! 