THE LATE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. Ib will nob oome as a surprise but be a source of sincere regreb to our readers to hear of the death of the Right Rev. Archbishop Reynolds, thA his4i«9--. ditmifcnrv nf thfl Roman Catholio Church in South Australia. His Grace, who died at quarter to 9 on Monday morning, June 12, had been identified with the growth and development of the Koman Catholic Church for more than a quarter of a century, and discharged the important functions of the Arch bishopric since its foundation here in April, 1887. Archbishop Reynolds belonged to that class of men who do good by Btealth and blush to find it fame, being a very retiring man. He had the quiet, self -repressed air characteristic of the Roman Catholio clergy who work in the side lanes and by-ways of the world, seekinsr out those who, living in the dull atmosphere of poverty -and the places furthest removed from the broad light of everyday life, suffer in silence, and rarely proclaim to the world their woes and disappointments. He did not belong so much to the Church militant as to that section of the priestly com munity which devotes itself to quiet work, and attains its object rather by persuasive means, good offices, and delicate sympathy than by aggressive, ostentatious measures. Always accessible, ho waa prepared at any time to tender advice when sought by the conscience smitten or waited upon by the irresolute. Though not of an active temperament, accord- j ing to the broader acceptation of the term, he was strong in his sympathy with any move ment calculated not only to benefit the cause of his creed, but the general wellbeing of ' the flock,' and in a more universal eense the good of the whole community. Ho was a man of broad humanity. Where genuine distress made itself manifest in hi3 eye3 he was ever ready to lend a helping hand, bub shrank from publicity a3 most sympathetic well balanced natures are wont to do. When a simple priest he never turned a deaf ear to the wail of the mournful, bub gave himself up to the work of a faithful servitor of the Most High amongst the poorest of His creatures, fully realizing as he did bo thab it was his duty, and to him that duty was a sacred claim upon his manhood. It was not a mere matter of priestly vows with him, but of love; he entered into the mission of charitable labour from a sincere conviction that it was every man's duty, ind especially that of one who had taken up the priestly office. To all the people under the Church in which he ruled he was almost as well known as the humblest member of the 'sacred circle,' and was well beloved amongst them, there being none of the exclusiveness which some who did nob know his nature might have expected in the bearing of a man who had been elevated to one of the highest positions to bo held in the Roman Catholio Church. The ceremonial observances of that Church he performed to the letter, bub with it all there was a whole- heartedness which divested them of their formality and brought the objecb of them home to the humblest wor shipper in the Cathedral. He only exactod the merely necessary homage due to a member of the priesthood occupying tho exalted posi tion he by force of merit bad attained, and in his social moments unbent to a degree that, while it never detracted from his dignity, yet Becured his flock from any feeling of restraint when they felb a desire to approach him on matters pertaining to their spiritual welfare. A cultured student, and a gentleman in the strictest) acceptation of the term, Arch bishop Reynolds was one who did honour to his Church and credit to himself. He was a fine classical scholar; his sermons, if not so eloquent as those of the more nervous preachers of the Archbishopric, were ever marked by erudition, mingled with the sim plicity and command of intelligible language that distinguishes the polished speaker and tbe experienced examiner of human nature. Ho was neither bigoted nor prejudiced ; tolerant he was to those of other creeds, aud was often found assisting in benevolent enter prises outside the pale of his own Church. He took an abiding interesb in tho welfare of the youthful members of the Roman Catholio community, and was a constant visitor to all the institutions devoted to their early training, always having something pleasant to Bay to the little onea and an en couraging word for their guides, philosophers, and friends. He even entered into their sports, although nob of a specially active tompera menc from a physical standpoint. In temperance ho was a powerful factor ; in fact he has been called the South Australian Father Mathew, never missing an oppor tunity of throwing the influence of his voice and example in furtherance of the cause. He also abstained from the use of narcotics. An excellent practice of his was to confirm tha young people at confirmation to promise to avoid strong drink till they reached their majority. In educational matters the Archbishop took a quiet bub none the less deep interest. Ho was not inclined for pnblic discusaion, but his influence was felt throughout the organization over which he held spiritual coatro). Hu was a man of earnest, liberal, and Generous attributes, and all tho benevolent institution?, both within aud without the pale of his own Church, had the benefit of his fostering csro. His Grace was exceedingly practical. He had a keen appreciation of the beautiful, but his common-sense value of the useful prevailed. Who does nob recollect! hia disappointment with the attention which he found given in sevoral schools to fancy needlework to the neglect of tho plain? Ho frequently urged upon the girls to acquire the art ot darning stockings, in which ho acknowledged himself to be an amateur. In other ways he assisted in giving a practical turn to the education of the youth of his flock. Of his passion for giving tbe children a religious education, was it not) manifested in nearly every public speech he made of late years, and is it not found recorded in the Parliamentary papers on the subject? For years he impressed upon the people of this colony the - grievance which the Roman Catholics felt they suffered in having to pay for a Becular education which they could nob use, aud then on having to pay the whole cost o! an education that satisfied their conscientious conviction. His Grace took considerable interest in tho management of State children, and was largely responsible for tbo appointment of the Desti tute Commission, which resulted in the present State Children's Council and tho extension of the boarding-out system. It is interesting to note, by-the-way, that tho Archbishop sug gested the selection of His Honor the Chief Justice, tho most prominent layman of the Methodist Churches, as Chairman of that Commission. Ibis also a further illustration of his appreciation of the merits of those outside his own communion that when the fathor of Hia Honor, the Rev. Jamea Way, a Bible Christian minister, died His Grace sent his carriage and two of his clergy to represent him at the funeral. In the early years of the University he served upon tho Council, and he continued after his retirement from it to show his sympathy with the higher education move ment by attending the commemorations. The late Most Rev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, D.D., was barn in Dublin on July 25, 1634, and began his classical studies under the Carmelite Brothers of Ciondalkin, near Dublin. As a lad he was atudioue, and as his mind developed he took an abidicg interest in theological studies. From the Carmelite Convent he was sent in 1S52 to tho Benediotine Monastery of Lublaco in the Papal States. There for three years he perfected those studies which he had eo assiduously pursued, and on leaving the monastery, the climate not agreeing with him, he wenb to Western Australia with Biahop Serra, who was returning from Rome to Perth, arriving on May 24, 1S35. In Western Aus tralia he stayed for two years studying human nature, interesting himself in the improve ment of the aboriginals, and gaining ex perience for his priestly vocation. On March 1, 1857, ho came to South Australia, where he was warmly received by Dr. Murphy, the first) Biahop of Adelaide, who sent him to Ssvenhilli to finish his studies under the Jesuit Fathers. He con tinued at Sevenhills until he was ordained by Bishop Geoghagen in April, 1SC0, and plied hia holy mission in various districts, winning the love of the people, to whom he made himself a guide, philosopher, and friend. After hia ordination he did duty in the city for some time, and wa3 appointed to Morphett Vale on the death of Rev. Joseph Snell. About this time the copper mines were die THE LATE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. THE LATE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. covered on Yorke's Peninsula, and Fabher Reynolds was requested to make a fortnightly visit to ib, which he did for some years, during which he built the Church at Kadina. He was relieved of thia hard work by Dr. Shiels, who appointed him to the mission of Gawler. On the death of Dr. Shiels the prieats of the Diocese recommended him as Administrator till the Holy See would appoint a Bishop. He must have given satisfaction' in his administration, for Rome chose him Bishop of Adelaide, for which he was consecrated on November 2, 1873, the imposing ceremony of his consecration to that high office being impressively performed by Archbishop Polding. When in 1887 Ade laide was made an Arohiepiscopal See Dr. Reynolds waa chosen for tho higher position of Archbishop on April 23, and was invested with the pallium by His Eminence Cardinal Patrick Francis Moran on September 11, 1S87, a month after tho dedication of the eastern aisle of the Cathedral by him (the Archbishop). The investiture of Archbishop Reynolds was an event and a ceremony the significant and important character of which will not easily be forgotten in tho colony. The action of His Holiness the Pope in the preferment of Adelaide as tho seat of an Archiepiscopal See was regarded ns an instance of the growing importance of Australia in the eyes of the world, and . when it was known in the city that the Pope had decided to mark Dr. Reynolds with his favour by making him the first Archbishop of tho See the Roman Catholio community regarded ib with the deepest satisfaction, as being so supremely significant in the history of the Church in South Australia. The result of the enthusiasm roused was a series of meetings ending in the resolve to complete tha building of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, and to present a testimonial to Archbishop Reynolds to prove to him how loyally the action of the head of the Church had been responded to in the colony. Cardinal Moran came specially from Sydney to make the investiture, and was received on arrival by 1,500 people. Hia Excellency the Governor (Sir William Robinson) sent his carriage to convey the Papal representative to tha Bishop' Palace at West-terrace, and tho Cardinal was afterwards escorted by the Guild of St. John tho Baptist to St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, where after tho presentation of addresses Hia Eminence made an eloquent speech., acknowledged the devotedness and loyal attachment of the addressees to tho Roman Catholic Churoh. The ceremony of the inve3titure was carried out tho next day (Sunday) with all the pomp and circumstance of the Roman Catholic Church, and apart from its sacred associations ib was a spectacle of so gorgeous a character that the impression ifr created upon the vast* assemblage of wor shippers and spectators was one never to be effaced from the memory. The music was magni ficent, the air was heavy with incense, and the day a bright one— a good omen. Although tho Cathedral had baen enlarged is was in sufficient to accommodate the immenso congre gation. The ceremony was most impressively performed by Cardinal Moran, who waa assisted by Dr. O'Haran (hia Secretary), Dr. Carr (Archbishop of Melbourne), Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart), Dr. Moran (Bishop of Dunedin), Dr. Moore (Biahop of Ballarat), Dr. Gibney t, Bishop of Perth), Dr. Dunn (BiBhop of Wiloannia), and Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale). After th« Archbishop had been in vested with the pallium a deeply earnest sermon was preached by Bishop Morau. It might bo mentioned the Cardinal was the guest of the Chief Justice, at whose house the Archbishop was a frequent visitor. His Honor had the pleasure of handing che Archbishop a palm branch, which was carried in walking with the Latin procession around tho Holy Sepulohre in Jerusalem on lJalm Sunday, of 1891. Archbishop Reynolds always showed his dee]) sense of the solemn and respon sible character of the great office imposed upon him, doing his holy work with the same quiet earnestness and unmistak able zeal that characterized his demean our when a simple prieBt, and after wards aa a Bishop. Ha never changed, but waa always the same kindly, considerate, faithful friend of the clergy and tho people. It was impossible (says His Honor the Chiet Justice) to know him without being struck with the dignity of his demeanour and his nobility of character. Behind his asoetioism and a certain austerity of mauner one re cognised unmistakably his goodnes3 of heart, and the purity, the earnestness, and the s&intliness; of his life. Kuowing him a=s I did during the whole of his long Episcopate I could not fail to admire the devotedness with which ho addressed himself to the functions of his sacred office. When ho entered upon his duties as Bishop his Diocese was torn with dissensions and burdened with debt. His accession to tho Episcopate meant the under taking of responsibilities which would have disheartened a man cast in a less heroic mould. Everybody know3 how courageously and how successfully his difficulties were over come. 'Now the country is reticulated with railways and hia former Diocese 13 divided it ia difficult to realize th» fatigues and hardships of the long journeys ho was accustomed to take from the frontiers of settlement in the remote north and north-west to the south eastern part of the colony, Hia constitution waa broken down, and he grew prematurely aged through toils and difficulties which he encountered with the fortitude of a martyr and the zeal of an apoRtle. In 1SS7, when I called to congratulate him upon his being promotnd to be Archbishop, he told me that ho had previously felt that his work was done, and that he was worn out, aud fchab he had intended to resign hta See and to retire to a monastery to spend tha remainder of bis life in contemplation and devotion. But he felt, he said, thab hia elevation to the Arch bishoprio was a call to renewed activity, and that he had now made up his mind to spend therestofhisdaysintheperformancsofhiaduties and amongst his own. people.' His health had been feeble for some time. About two years ago ha waa so seriously ill chat his life was almost despaired of. Thi3 year he had been suffering from a somewhat similar attack. Hia medical adviser was Dr. O'Connell, who was most assiduous in his attentions. We have been kindly furnished by the Rev. Dr. Byrne and Arohpriest Kevin with tha following list of the works of -the Episcopate of the late Dr. Reynolds : — CHURCHES, PRESBYTERS, AND PRIESTS. The following Churches have been erected in the Archdiocese of Adelaide : — St. Paul s, Mount Gambier. St. Alphonsus's, Millicent. St. Teresa's, Allandale. St. Mary's, Border Town. St. Barnabaa's, Strathalbyn. Our Lady of the Rosary, Stirling East St. Bartholomew's, Maitland. St. Bridget's, Warooka. St. Columba's, Yorketown. St. Aiden'a, Colton. So. Canice'e, Snowtown. St. Vincent De Paul's, Port Wakefield. Se. Cecilia's, Arthurton. St. Michael's, Clare. Holy Cross, Goodwood. St. Raphael's, Parkside. Our Lady of the Angels, Thebarton. Sts. John and Paul, Tarlee. St. Lawrence O'Toole'a, Eudunda, St. Andrew's, Ap., Balaklav*. Our Lady Help of Christians, Lower North Adelaide. Church of the Holy Ghost (Dominion), North Adelaide. St. Mary's 'Sedes Sapientite,' Beulah road. St. Martin of Tours, Redhill. St. Malachy's, Mallala. The Additions to St. Francis Xavier'a Cathedral. The following Churches have been ereotedin the new Diocese of Port Augusta : — All Sainta' Cathedral, Port August*. Immaculate Conception, Quorn. St. Thomas of Canterbury, Hookina. St. Gabriel's, Cradock. St. Raphael's, Carrieton. tit. Duminio's, Willochra. St. Clement's, Melroae. St. Catherine's, Pekina. St. Virgilius, Yatma. Sts. Philip and James, Yarrowie. St. Mary'a (Immaculate Heart), George town. ?.- ., St. John Evangelist, Laura. So. Puter's, Gladstone. St. Agatha's, !Nariidy. St. Luke'?, Gulnare. St. James's, Jamestown. St. Kilian's, Caltowie. Sts. Simon and Jude, Yarcowie. Sts. Michael and John, Terowie. St. Joseph's, Urroroo. St. Joseph's, Kooringa. Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Dawson. St. Sebastian's, Yongala. St. Mark's, Porb Pine. Sts. Geryase and Protase, Warnertown. Holy Trinity, Crystal Brook. The following Presbyteries have been elected in the Archdiocese :— At Kapundx At Mount Barker. At North Adelaide. At Balaklava. At Narracoorte. At Port Adelaide. At Yorketown. Presbyteries ereoted in the new Diocese of Port Augusta are : — Bishop's residence, Porb Augusta. Priest's residence, Pekina. ?Prifi«fc'H rfiaidflnee. Petersburg. 