Christmas of 1893 has been with ns, nnd has gone again. Like bright hubbies on the flood of Time tlieso recurring seasons come to us, and almost before we can grasp and call them ours, tliey burst in the ocean of tlio eternal past, and are — memories only. Christinas is gone ; Boxing day is on. Tlio lioly day is over — the holiday is here. The years circle, and the seasons roll ; and, liko tlio spirits sum moned by Macbeth's witches, tliey Como like shadows, so depart. And yet, somehow, tlio departed Cliriat- mascs are not mere shadows. Tho ghosts of many long past Cliristmnses linger in the haunted chambers of memory, and become a very veritable part of our lives and of ourselves. Unlike the spooks for whom the Psychical Research Society is so industriously searching, these spirits do not evade our quest ; they live with us, coloring our hopes and fears, and becoming abiding guests of brightness and joy, or painful ones of can kering sorrow. For in the lost analysis it comes to this, that when all the Christmases of a lifetime have ' Gono glimmering thro' tho dream of things that' were, tliey are hoarded gems of value or rotten lumber to us, according as we have used or neglected the opportunities tliey have afforded for shedding happiness on others. People may pride themselves on being practical as mucli as tliey liko, positivo Gradgrinds if they please, in their idolatry of " facts, plain facts, sir." But there is no getting away from the ten thousand recorded facts wrapped up in the " Christinas appeals " which havo dotted our columns for tlio last month, nor from the hundreds of thousands of unrecorded facts in which worldliness has stopped for a minute in its pursuit of pleasure in order to minister to want with some extra solicitude merely because it is Cliristmastide. Scrooge's nephew was quite right when he said — " It is a kind, " charitable, forgiving " time — the only time I know of in the " long calendar of the year when men 'and women seem by one consent to open their "shut up hearts freely and to' look upon " one' another as if tliey were fellow " passengers to the grave." Well, then, there is this stubborn fact of Christmas for Mr. Gradgrind to deal with. Let him turn it over and over, and explain it away as he may, calling it a more relic of an old pagan custom, he cannot deny that for nearly nineteen centuries the whole Christian world;- while differing in almost everything else, lias agreed to make tiiis season a sort of moral oasis in ths too sterile desert of tlio year for tlio healing of fouds, tlio closing of broaches, the forgiveness of injuries, the special relief of want, and tlio reunion of kindly relationship. And hero now on this Boxing morn, lifter the Christmas pudding lias boon oaten and tlio old toasts honored ; after tlio postman Ii.i3 given us all the greetings of our absent friends, nnd wished us " Morry " Christmas " ns "ho received his well earned Christmas box ; when under tho infiuoiico of tho bright Australian skies all the world of liumnnil.y is, Gilpin like, bout on outdoor pleasure, we have not a jot deteriorated from the antique spirit of our forefathers. " Morrio England" in its May timo wns never blither than Australia in its Boxing day sports, which are cvory- wliero around us. It is more than 300 years since old Thomas Tusser wrote his couplet which has been over since in the mouths of Englishmen — At Christmas play, anil malco Rood nlioor, For Christmas comes hut onco n year. But tlio sentiment is as fresh to-day as if it woro a now revelation. And from that fact comes to us n iittlo hope. We nro too often told that the world is losing its greenness, anil getting into its wrinkled and grey stngo — that the juvenile flavor of life lias gono — that the efflorescence of tho world's springtide has fizzed itself out and become fiat before the inarch of the soberer Sciences. Not a hit of it. Human nature eternally reproduces itself in the same types, with tlio aaino tastes, passiuiis and virtues. And tho old grey world will ho cvor young to tho young, and Christmas may bo as fresh and beautiful after another thousand years as it was to tlio mail-clad children who rodo to Palestine to rescue tho birthplace of its Founder. And tlion, too, though Seieucq pries into the Christmas chronology as it peers scoptieally into everything olse ; and though it has not failed to question the accuracy of both the day and tho yenr assigned to tho birth of that same Founder of Christmas, it is still true that 500,000,000 of tlio races of men which rulo the world — which rule it physically and intellectually — have agreed to measure their very time from that problematical birthday. v. Those who speak dcprocatingly of " tho Nazareuo " peasant," and who fail to find anything miraculous in his life or wonderful in his teaching, have to pause here and admit that tho history of man produces no parallel to this extraordinary fact— that whole septs, tribes, nations, peoples should agree to cease thoir old chronology, and date all inuudano events as after or before the doubtful birthday of a plobeian untitled Reformer. There inny ho in this no evidence in proof of any dogma ; nothing on which a man may rationally build a belief or a system ; hut it is a historical fact before which Doubt itself must stand and wonder, and ask— Why » Very likely indeed, thoso speculations had small place in the thoughts of tho thousands who sped yesterday on their myriad paths of enjoyment, and who again to-day aro bent on living a Iittlo while in the sunshine of life rather than in the siiade. The Pessimist lias no doubt his place in the scheme of things, or ho would not survive ; hut a world which was wholly a world of pessimism might well become a world of suicides, and mercifully wipe itself out. There is often the very truest wisdom .in merriment. It is in buoyancy and hope that groat thoughts aro con ceived, great purposes formed, great acts achieved. A people which hopes and aspires may do anything — one that despairs will die. For this young country, entering as it is on tho morning of a long fruitful day, with all its hounding possibili ties in prospective, it would lie poltroonery, to permit a temporary sickness to steal away its courage. We havo fair harvests springing from tho soil ; we have limit less resources awaiting development ; and wo havo youth, strength and courage to labor. What do we want more? Perhaps one thing moro ; and even that wo have- Peace— freedom from the echo of that horrible tramp of twelve millions of pro fessional cutthroats who march up and down Europe, scowling in each other's faces, and filling tho dreams of men and' women with nightmares of impending horror. Wo have borrowed monoy and spent it— spent it a little foolishly perhaps ; but at least we have not blazed it away in gunpowder, nor piled it up in mountains of dynamite shells with which to blast- humanity. If only for this alone, tho New World is better than the Old. Tlio "crimson thread of kin- " ship" tells with us in spite of our bickerings. Blood is thicker than water. We shall grow together rather than apart. It it a little discouraging to remember that it is ton years since the Sydney Convention sat in 1883 to give us an Australian Federa tion, and that hero we are at tlio Christmas- tide of 1893 with the project still in its tentative stage. But what then ? What are ten years in tho life of a nation ? Wo are nearer ono another now than then, even though wo are yet unfcdcrated ; and wo are growing nearer. The old men grow im patient because they perceive that the seed tliey sowed will ho reaped by others. But it is the law of being. We havo reaped harvests of manifold blessings which our fathers ploughed in in furrows of strife and watered with drops of thoir hearts' blood. The same law goes on. And for the future, what is there within the scope of reason that lies beyond tlio scope of hopo? Wo have much remedi able suffering amongst us no doubt ; wo are clogged by harsh old laws unsuitcd to the progress of the times, and designed in. darker times to subserve the privileges of. caste and class. The old evils are defended by tlio selfishnoss of some and the preju dices of many. They; have to go down before the advance of broader rights based on the brotherhood of man, just ns grosser wrongs havo disappeared boforo them. But there is no need for impatience. If wo live not yot in a perfect system of govern ment, it is because only of the iinperfectibility of human wisdom. Wo have all the freedom that liberty-loving people can desire ; and we have all tlio security for its maintenance that human ingenuity can devise. Perceiving the defects of the system in which we live, we are free to amend, devise and experiment, till we have found a means of bringing always the work to the worker, the laborer to the abundant harvest. And in the meantime, if the oppressor lives liis little day and seems to flourish sometimes, his prosperity is mostly of tho kind which tempts tho eye only to turn to ashes oh tho lip. The day is too short to spend in bitterness towards liira or any one. As thej moralist lias it — "At best " life is not long. A fqw more " smiles, a few more tears, somo "pleasure, much pain, sunshine and " song, clouds and darkness, hasty greet ings, abrupt farewells— then our little " play will closo, tho injured and injurer " will pass away. Is it worth while to " hate each other ?" Each must continue to work towards the light according to his own glimmerings of reason. Rut this sea son of all others should inculcate the lesson that we should do it with tender regard to what we deem tho dimmer understandings of others. IT is a matter for sincere regret that the recent season of Italian opera in Australia should havo resulted in a loss to the enter prising firm which undertook tlio responsi bility of the venture and consequently, however grateful wo may feel to Messrs. Willinmson and Musgrovo for having entered so liberally lot; our entertainment, our gratitude cannot woll assume what the cynic would have- us believe is tho keenest and sinccrest manifestation of that sentiment— to wit, a lively senso of similar favors in the future. Manifestly wo can not expect a firm of theatrical managers to indulge in costly experiments of this sort with tho solo object of keeping Australians an couranl with the latest developments of the operatic world ; and there is great reason to fenr that the lossees of tho Prin cess's Thoatro will give Italian opera a wide bcrtli for soma time to come — that thoir first experience of bringing out a company of singers from Italy will he their last. At Covcnt Garden the prices charged for performances of this class range from half-a-crown for the cheapest seat to 25s. for a stall, and there is besidos a largo subscription list taken np beforehand which practically guarantees the, management against serious loss ; while on tlio Conti nent of Europe the theatres are more or less heavily subsidised out of the municipal or even the State Treasury. Here, on tlio other hand, tho host placo in the house could ho secured for 6s.; and though the principle of pecuniary assistance to the fino arts from tlio public funds receives somo recognition in Victoria, we can all conccivo the howl of indignation that would be aroused by a proposition to. grant a State subvention to a theatre. Even tlio modest increase made in tho prices for admission— an increase rendered necessary by the fact that .at ordinary rates a succession of crowded houses would . not havo paid ex penses — gave riso to a good deal of more or loss suppressed grumbling ; yet a moment's consideration will show how vastly more trying aro tho conditions under which theatrical managers here havo to work than those in Europe, even if , tho tarifif were on tho Enropcan scale. Save for a couple of representations in Ballarat (which, it is pleasant to record, woro vory liberally patronised), the operations of tlio company were confined, to Melbourne, Sydney and Adolaide, and it is plain that managers, must in general look to Lhcso three cities for their support ; yet there arc numberless provincial towns in Europe that will com pare favorably with the Australian cnpitals in point of Bize, and surpass them altogether in the percentage of the population which is interested in musical art. Apropos of this latter point, the critic of a London journal relates that when in Milan a few days prior to the first performance of Verdi'sFalstairiicfound tho whole city in a stato of almost feverish excitement nhout the new opera ; people thought of nothing else, talked- of nothing else ; and he asks whether a visitor to Lon don on the eve of the production of a great novelty would be able to discover from the general demeanor of the inhabitants that anything of importance was going on in the musical world — a query which we foncy would " elicit the samo negative reply in Molbourne as in London. Then, too, it is plain that tho distance which separates our large cities is a source of heavy expense. It is almost liko organising a company to give a three months' season in London, Berlin and St. Petersburg — with the important distinction that our three towns are scarcely a tenth part as populous. When to all this is added that tho company has to he taken half way round tho world to reach the scene of ope rations, it will he conceded that the Aus tralian impresario has a good deal to contend with of which his European, con- frire knows nothing. With respect to the season just con cluded, there can hardly he two opinions as to its artistic success ; and whatever be tho preciso amount of pecuniary loss incurred by tho management, Messrs. Williamson and Musgrovo have at least well sustained their high reputation for doing the best they can for their patrons. As usual, plenty of wise counsel lias beon oflorcd after tho event, and mainly by those who aro utterly ignorant of the difficulties to be surmounted ; and if all" the advico so liberally bestowed were collated it would aflord another illustra tion of the fable concerning the old man and his son taking tho ass to market. For example, ono gentleman pointed out that the ballet, though undoubtedly a gorgeous spectacle, had a tendency to pall upon thoso who went often to hear the opera, and lamented that arrangements had not been nindo to play a second short music drama in its place. Now, on tho second visit of tile company to Melbourne, it was found necessary to leavo tho coryphees in Sydney, and accordingly the, bill of faro given hero consisted of tho two operas, Pagliacei and Cavalloria ; whereupon a second wise acre deplores tho inclusion of a couple of tragedies in one evening, and plain tively asks, " Why was the ballet left "behind?'' Putting aside all captious criticism, howevor, it may seriously he doubted whether the attempt to organise an extended season of .grand opera,, with practically a single cast of principals, has been justified by the event ; the strain ot singing f.vory night without intermission is bound, to tell suoner or later, and though the operas themselves were short, tho singers had plenty of additional work, in the shape of rehearsals, of which the public take3 no account. Again, though the engagement of some 100 ballet dancers may not swell the weekly salary list more than that of half a dozen extra principal Bingers, it plainly niakesaconsiderabledift'eronce in the hill for travelling expenses when it comes to transporting the entire company by train to Adelaido or Sydney ; and with additional soloists it would have beon possible for the managers to give greater variety to tho programmes by including a fow familiar works instead of confining themselves almost entirely to two operas of the ultra modern school. However, when nil is said, ono cannot hut recognise that the attempt was a plucky one, worthy of tho best traditions of the spirited and enter prising firm that made it ; and if Messrs. Williamson and Musgrovo failed to achieve the pecuniary success they merited, they succeeded in. satisfying all legitimate demands of their most exacting critics. Apart from all tho difficulties that specially confront an Australian manager, the lot of an operatic impresario is nowhere a particularly easy one to fulfil. Our readers are no doubt familiar to somo extent with Mr. J. II. Mapleson's interest ing account of his troubles during an experience of many years ; and though tho firm iu control of tho Princess's has an excellent repute for avoiding almost entirely the little disagreements with the members of their successive companies which are supposed to ho the rule in affairs of this kind, tlio circumstance must ho taken as proving their possession of more than tho usual amount of tact and good sense in dealing witli their artists. The latest addition to the list of managers who have unburdened themselves of a fow of tlie troubles incident to thoir calling is Sir Augustus Harris, who recently contri buted an article to the New Review. He, too, has much to say concerning the vagaries of operatic artists, and now and then can record an instance where ready wit and ingenuity havo smoothed tho rufllcd feathers of soma irate songster, and averted an impending catastrophe. Toko the case of the Italian tenor, who folt so much annoyed at tlio critique published by a London paper the morning after lie mado liis first appearanco in the metropolis that ho decided to leave Eng land at once. Now, there being a scarcity of tonors in tlio compnny, such a stop might have been seriously embarrassing, , so tho astute mana ger assured tho offended artist that tho public was quito satisfied by his per formance ; and taking the neWspapor up he looked at it curiously, and' gave it back with the. remark that tlio advorse criticism could hardly do much harm, Bincc he liatl himself nover before seen or heard of the journal in question. This set tho poor man's . mind quite at case, and lie wont away convinced that no ono would bo likely to peruse tho critique, though it is conceivable that ho may have subsequently found occasion to-doubttlio mnnngoi-'s reassuring assertion, seeing that tho offending journal was in reality nono other than tlio Daih/ Telegraph, which proudly claims to have " the largest " circulation in the world." Sir Augustus does not as a rulo beliovo much in the avcrago vocalist's devotion to his art, and states that an artist who comes to him "with zeal for the cause, of music ".goes away "under a sense of. personal " injury if tho proposed salary be " not equal to that- of a Prime Minister." , There is no need to follow tho great London manager's revelations further, and it must sullicc to say tlint tliey do not in general tend to increase the estimation in which artists "behind the scenes" arc held by the goneral public. We have indicated pretty clearly that the position .of an operatic impresario in . any : place is not exactly a bed of vosos, or at least that there is an unduo admixture of thorns ; while managers who cater for the Aus tralian public have to faco additional incon veniences arising from distance and tho small number of towns whore tliey can play to paying business. Tho prospects for tho future are not bright, and it would' soein as though opera goers in the colonics will have to face tlio alternative of either pay ing moro liberally for the gratification of their tastes or doing without so costly a form of ontertainment altogether. 