THE SORCERESS. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. CHAPTER XXX. (Continued.) Poor Bco wept many tears over this com pulsory first step back into tho world --with- out her mother, without Sho did nob mean (as she said in Iter inmost thoughts) anyone olsc ; but it made the whole wonu vacant around her to think that neither on one side nor the other was there anyone to walk by her side, to take her hand, lo make her feel that she was not ulone. Neverthe less, it cannot be denied that in the morning this was the first thought that came into her mind, with a faint expansion of her young being, Tlio change, though it was not joyful, was still something ; and when she set out with Charlie on Wednesday morning her heart, in, spite of herself, roso a little. To see the pictures ! Tlio pictures are nob generally very exciting, and tlicro was not, as it happened, a sensation in any one of them in this particular year, even had Bee been capable of it, which sho was not. But yet she had a sensation, and one of tho most startling description. As sho was going languidly along, looking at one picture after 'another, mechanically re ferring to the catalogue, which con veyed very little idea to her mind,' her attention was suddenly attracted by a lady standing in front of one of the chief pictures i of the year. Sho was talking with great animation to some friends who surrounded her, pointing out the qualities and excel lences (or non- cxcclletices, for Bee was not near enough to hear) of the picture. She was pieturesnucly dressed in black, a tall and commanding figure, with a great deal of luce about her, and a line profile, clearly cut and impressive. Bee's whole attention was called lo her as by a charm. Where had she seen her before ? She seemed acquainted with every detail of her figure, and pene trated by a vague reminiscence as of some one who had been of personal importance to herself, though she could not tell when, or how. Who is sho? Oh, who is she? Bee asked herself. She was very handsome— in deed Bee thought her a beautiful woman ; not young, which is a thing always noted with a certain pain and compassion by a young girl— but lull of grace and interest. While Bee gazed, opon-eyed, forgetful of her self, a young figure, very interesting too, to behold in her deep mourning, and with the complete forgetfnlncss of herself involved in that wistful, inquiring, and admiring gaze, the lady turned round, presenting her full face to the girl's troubled vision. Bee felt her breath come short, her heart beat. She fell back hurriedly upon a vacant place on ono of the benches which some one had charitably left empty. Bee did not know who tho woman was nor what possible connection she could have with her own fate, and yet there was a conviction in the girl's heart that shu had to do with it, that somehow or other her life was in this woman's hands. It was the lady whom she had met that autumn morning fast year in the firwoods round the Baths, where Bco had gbnc to finish her sketch— the lady who had appeared suddenly from among the trees, who had sat down by her, and pointed out the errors in the little picture and advised lior how to put them right. Tho black lace which was so conspicuous in the stranger's dress scorned to sweep over Bee as sho passed with tlio same faint penetrating odour, tho same thrill of unaccountable son- sation. Bee could not take her eyes from this figuro as it moved slowly along, pausing here and there, with the air of a connoisseur. Who was she? Who was she? Bee turned us she turned, following her with her eyes. And then tlicro'oecurrcd the most wonder ful incident, so strange, so unsuspected, so unaccountable, that Bcc could scarcely suppress a cry of astonishment. Charlie had been "doing" the pictures in his way, going faster than his sister, and had been roaming down the whole side of the long gallery while Bee occupied herself with one or two favorites. Ho appeared now at a little dis tance, having made the round of the room, and Bee was tho involuntary, much surprised witness of the c fleet produced upon Charlie by the sudden appearance which had so much excited herself. He stopped short with, it seemed, a sudden exclamation, let the book in his hands drop in his amazement, then cleaving the crowd, precipitated himself upon the group in which tlio lady stood. Bcc watched with consternation tho hurried, eager greeting, the illumination of his boyish face, even the gesture — both hands put forth, nnd the quiver of his whole eager figure. She even hoard a little cry of surprise from t he lady, who presently separat ed herself from her friends and went on witli Charlie in tho closest conversation. It seemed to Bee as she watched, following them as well as she could through the crowd which got between her and these two figures, that there were no two heads so close to gether in all the throng. The)' seemed to drift into a corner where tlio pictures were of no importance, where they were compara tively undisturbed, as if for the most confi dential talk. It was nob mere acquaintance ship, a chance meeting with some one lie knew, it was, utter forgetfnlncss of every thing else, complete absorption in this now interest that seemed to move her brother. For a time Bee formed no conclusion, thought of no explanation, bub watched them only with all her faculties. Tho cata logue which Charlie had dropped was shuflled and kicked to her feet, by the passers by, a visible sign that something unusual had hap- >cned. What was it? Who was sho ? And then there darted into Bee's mind a suggestion, an idea which she could not, would nob entertain. Laura ! Was it possible that this could bo Laura? The thought sent a thrill through and through her. But no ! no ! no ! She cried within herself, impossible ! This lady was years older than Charlie— of another r generation altogether— not a girl at all. She gazed through the crowd at the two heads in the corner of tiio room, sLanding as if they were lookingat the pictures. They had their backs to Bee, and she could sec nothing but occasionally a side glimpse of Charlie's check and the lace bonnet, with the unusual accom paniment of a floating veil which covered his companion's head. She had remembered the veil at once— not primly fastened over her face, as most ladies wore them — but thrown back and falling behind, a headdress such as nobody else wore. It distinguished from every other head t hat of tho woman who, Bee now felt sure, was like somebody in a tragedy of fate — somebody who had to do, sho could not cell how, with the shipwreck of her own life — for had she nut appeared mys teriously, from she knew not where, on the very cvo of misery and ruin? — and now was overshadowing Charlie's, bringing liini some calamity. Bee shivered and trembled among all the crowding people on the seat which so many people envied her, and felt Limb she was retaining far. longer than her share. »She was too much frightened to do as she could have wished to do — to rush after them, to draw her brother away, to break the spell. .Such a dark lady had been known in story long before- Bee was born. Could it; he true that hateful beings were permitted to stray about even in the brightest scenes, bringing evil augury and all kinds of trouble with them? Many a time had Bee thought of this lady— of her sudden appearance anil of her questions about the Lcjghs, of something in her look, an air of meaning, which even at the moment had confused the unsuspicious, un- alarmed girl. And now, Charlie. What was sho? Who was she? Laura? Oh.no, no; a hundred times no. If Bee could have supposed that her respectable fat her or any member of Iter innocent family could have wronged anyone she would have thought it was a ghost-lady ominous of trouble. Oi), what a silly thought in broad daylight, in the Academy of all places in the world ! There was very littlo that was visionary or superstitious in such a place. Charlie eainc hack to join his sister after a considerable time wilh a glowing face. 44 Oh, you are there f he cried, 44 I've been looking cverywhoro for you. I couldn't think where you could have gone " 44 1 should have seen you had you been looking for me," said Bee. 44 Well, never mind, now that I have found you. Have you seen as much as you wish? It's time to bo moving oil', if you mean to get to Fortnum-squaro in time for tea." "Charlie," said Beo, very gravely getting up and moving with him towards the door, 44 who is that lady you were talking to with the black lace about her head ?" 44 What lady?" said Charlie, with a very fictitious look of surprise, and tho color mounting all over his face. 44 Oh, the lady I met — that lady ? "Well, she is a lady — whom I have met elsewhere " 44I have met her, too," cried Bee, breath less, 44 down at tho Baths just before . Oh, who is she, who is she, Charlie? I think she is one of the Fates." 44 You littlo goose," cried her brother ; and then ho laughed in an unsteady way. 44 Per haps, she is — if there was a good one," ho cried. 44 She is," ho added, in a different tone and then paused again; 44 but I couldn t tell you hall what she is if 1 were to talk till next week— and never m such a noisy vulgar place as this. (To be continued.) 9 