THE SHADOW OF THE WHIM. nv L.L. (From the Pastoralists' Revrew.) TALL, and of powerful frame, with rugged, sour-looking features half hidden by a mass of coarse, red hair, was the man who stood at the door of a rickety old but on a summer's evening gazing fixedly across the brown parched plain which stretched away in front ans far as the eye could reach. The silence, but for the bizz -z-z of the mosquitoes, was intense, the loneliness absolute. The only ob. ject between the man and the sky line darkening redly on the far western horizon was a whim. It stood gaunt and black some thirty yards away. As the sun grew lower a look of in tense expectation arose in the watch ing face. The mouth opened, the crafty eyes became mere slits under the bushy eyebrows, and the low fore head filled with wrinkles. Evidently something was about to happen. Lower yet sank the sun, until forth from the rude wooden framework dark shadows crept stealthily across the plain, and arranged themselves gradu ally and systematically into the simil tude of a huge gallows. Almost as quickly as formed it broke and died away. The sun had set. The man drew a long breath of relief, the drawn features relaxed. Every night for -ix months since the resemblance first struck him had he stood in like manner to stare at it and wait for it with a sort of eerie fascination, albeit, as will be presently perceived, one well-nigh untroubled with nerves-remorseless, conscience less. "Blast the thing I" he exclaimed presentiy, giving himself a shake, and going inside to prepare his supper. The meal over, he took another look around from the door. Darkness hung now like a pall over the great plain. Silent, too, as ever, but for the insects and the measured munching of the old whim-horse eating hay in the little paddock at the back of the hut, a sound accentuated by the universal stillness. Apparently satis fied, he closed the door, and betook himself to his usual evening's occu pation. Along the middle of the hut stood a sheet of bark supported by four forked sticks. This was the table. Taking the slush-lamp, he went on his knees underneath it, and with a butcher's knife scraped away the earth. When he arose he held in his hands an old cash-box, battered and rusty. Placing it in front of him he pulled at a strip of soft green hide running from his belt into his trousers' pocket. To this was attached the key. The smart snap of the lock as it turned showed that it was in good order. Before raising the lid, once again the man went to the door and looked out into the void. If another had stood face to face with him he would have been invisible. But he had done exactly as he was now doing for many months. And he did it this night mechanically and of habit, as he had watched and waited for the shadow. For a few minutes 1te stood, and then re- entered, not knowing that his hot, panting breath had lifted the damp hair of a doomed man. No soul save the ration-carrier from the head-station ever cams near that lonely hut on the plains. Even that seldom-visitor never left his cart. He simply throw down the full bags to the surly, scowling whim-man, took up the empty ones, and drove away. No station hand, if he could avoid it, would go near "Grabby." The morose ness and tho set gloom and savagery of him forbade all advances. Sitting at the table and opening the box, he took out a parcel wrapped in oilcloth. Untying this, and another of dirty moleskin, a stream of light burst forth, as, twinkling agd scintillating, a heap of diamond ornaments and loose stones were displayed - brooches, sprays, rings, lockets, and one splendid tiara, all thickly encrusted with the same precious gems. How he hung gloat ingly over them, now holding one up to the dull light, turning it this way and that, the better to catch the iri descent gleoms, now striving to force a superb circlet over the tip of a great grimy finger. Brightly, too, shone the eyes of the watcher peoping through the wide apart slabs as he clasped Ihis hands joyfully, and softly whispered to him self : " What a streak o' luck ; what a streak o' luck I To think o' droppin' across Idnt in this way; and to think as he's stuck to the swag right along I What a streak o' luck I" Mfeanwhilo the other, taking up each article separately and closely scrutinising it, was saying : " There's a fortune in 'em-mebbo two or three. I oughter ha' took all them jules out afore. But I 'adn't the 'art to chuck the stuff away. It mus' go though. Why one o' them marks "-allud. ing to an earl's coronet on one *of the bracelets--" 'd precious quick scrag a feller. No man can't 'elp a-hoppin' o' the twig with a 'sad as is serunched like a heg-shell." Producing a pair of uippors and a small file he began to work at the setting of the tiara. Presently, as with bungling unaccustomed fingers, he cut, and wrenched, and twisted, his glance rested upon a dull red stain, Involuntarily he paused, whilst across his brain there flashed a picture. A hugo London mension, hushed and silent in the dead season of tbh night, a solitary figure, stealing swiftly with list-shod feet up the broad stair case, a luxurious chamber in which, like some watchful eye, a fire smoul dered redly, and from behind the drawn curtains of whose massive bed came the sound of soft breathing; then the great dressing-table, the scattered gems, reflecting a thousand fold the light of the lntern, and whose tall mirrors caused him to start back in affright at his own crape-clad features. Then the return, the fall of the statue on the stairway, the roused household, the white-haired man who strove to stay him, the curious crash ing fool as lie Esa under ti jOemmy, tho hot blood running down the iron on to his hands, the wild flight into this night. How vividly it all passed before his mind as he rested his shin on his hands and gazed with half-shut eyes into the smoky lamp-light. Then his thoughts strayed to his companion in that adventure-Ned the Nipper, a noted oracksman, whose instructions to remain on the watch and not stir he had paid no heed to, although little better than a novice on his first " big job." Neither of Ned nor any other of his pals had he beard since, and he chuckled aloud as he pictured him, the experienced and wily burglar, in the dock and the prison cell, whilst be, the tyro, sat safe and sound 12,000 miles away with a fortune before him. So deep had been his reverie that he failed to notice the noiseless entrance of a man who stood gazing at him from the other end of the table. Then, when under the fixity of the strange eyes, he at length looked up and stared unbelievingly as at one of the latest phantoms of his imagination, the stranger laughed loud and long. "Blest," he exclaimed, throwing down an old carpet-bag he carried and coming forward, "if I could get the run of it at fast. Began to think I mus' ha' stumbled on some ole fenc ing shop (receiving-place for stolen property) in this same blarated bush o' Hostraly ! Talk about a rum go ! Ain't this 'ere one, though? Loses my way an' gits hoff the road, which ain't no road-on'y 'keep the sun on yer back till yer gits to the station'-an' comes slap up agin my ole pal as guy all his mates the slip arter that bit o' a job at Brompton, a.settin' liko a hemperor in his palace a-countin' of his julery." "What are you a-grinnin' at ?" he continued ap proaching, " I aint no ghost, you big fool I I'm Ned the Nipper, a gent as you've heard on afore. Put it there, ole pal, an' say as you're reglar over joyed to see me agin arter near bein' the death o'me," holding out his hland, which Crabby took reluctantly and without a word in reply to the other's voluble chatter. Without noticing, apparently, this cool reception the new comer continued " I see you've got our swag all right. When I reads on'y ' 'orrible murder' in the paper, an' no mention o' nothin' else, I begins to think as you 'ad made a mess of it, an' no mistake. Then, presently, comes the reward for the fam'ly jules, an' I sez to myself' Jim aint the fool I thought he was. Somehow he's got off with 'em clean an' clever. Things is git tin' uncomfortibble over here. I'll take a 'oliday trip for a-whiles. P'raps I'll drop acsrost Jim; p'raps I mayn't. If I don't, why I don't. If I does an' he' got any o' the swag left, why I'll bet he'll never see a old pal in the cold.' But Jimmy, wotever made you hit so wicious ?" Then the other spoke for the first time. " Who woes it ?" he asked, moisten ing his parched lips with his tongue. " Wos it the Herl ?" "The Herl," laughed the visitor no, but the Herl's butler, Jimmy, an' he never spoke owt not one word arter you hite him. If t'd been the Herl hisself they'd 'a dug up all this 'ere continent of iostraly, my lad, but they'd a had yor. Ay, Jimmy, you'd abeen daucin' a fandango, my boy, on a wacunum long afore this." " When I hears the rumpus," he wont on, " I was in one o' the top drorin'-rooms. Nat'rally, I makes for the 'all, where I'd left yet. Not a sign o' nothin' 'cept people a-singin' hout an' ruunin' this way an' t'other; some with candles an' some with lamps. I crouches behind a big stand on the fast landin', as was covered with flowers, an' presently I sees you a-runnin', tearin' along through the crowd with the jemmy a-flourishin' roun' yer 'ead, for all the world like a mad Hirishman at a penny gaff. I knowed it was about time to hook it then. Au' how did yor manage to cut yer lucky so clever ?" "I never stepped," replied the whim-man, after a long pause, " till I got to the docks. There was a steamer just startin'. It were pitch dark, an' I jumped on board on' never showed up till she got to 'Amburg. You knows I bin at sea afore. An' from there I works my passidge out." " An' stuck to them all through 2" exclaimed the other admiringly, and with a motion of his hand towards the jewels. " Wot luck, to be sure I An' wot a dodge for you-might say a green un-to play. None on us 'ad a notion what 'ad become of yer. The police was completely bothered over the job. SaysHodsontome (you knows the inspector), says he, ' we're pretty certain, Nipper, it ain't none o' your work,' lhe says. ' Your 'aud's too light for sich. But,' says he, ' where's that pal o' yourun got to-thaet un' you calls Big Jim ?' " " * Big Jim,' I says inuercent as a babby. 'Why, Mister Hodson, I heard as he went back to the sea months agone I' Little did I guess as I was so nearly a-tsllin' the truth I" Crabby now rose and put the billy on the fire, also making preparations for a meal, whilst the other ran on as he handled and admired the jewels " Little did I reckon, either, on a old pal in this way, to say nothin' of a half-share in such a absow-case as this." The other made no reply, but ha scowled, and a savago look came into his face. Quickly observing this, Ned remarked carelessly-" Oh, I was foe gettin' somothin'. There's a thousan' poun' reward. Five 'undred from gcv'mant, an' another five 'undred from the Herl. Likewise, there's a free parding to the one what blows the gaff, so long's he ain't the aetooal murderer. So you sees, Jimmy, if I'd a wanted to make money on ytr I 'ad ties chance." The opeaker was a remarkable contrast to his bulky mo rose companion, who moved about the but as if lost in thought, paying no attention, or appearing not to do so, to tie other's remarks. Dapper, and slight of stature, olean-shaven and close- cropped, with a pair of sly black eyes, aparkling now with the enjoy mont of malice, he was a fair type of the Cockney cracksman whose halunts lie in the slums aroucd Whiteceapol. "liars," exclaimed he, presently, after swallowing a few mouthfuls, give uce them tools I You're a clumsy joker at that hind o' work, whatever you is with tie jimmy. If you 'adn't been a - fool you'd a 'ad 'am all out long afore this." Crabby, who had resumed his for mer occupation, rose silently, and, under the touch of the other's proae. tised fingers, the stones soon dropped rapidly out of their settings. Meanwhile the other surveyed him with a look in which distrust, greed, and hatred were visibly blended. "Lies most of 'em," he muttered, with the habit contracted of loneliness. " He's bin a-trackin' of me. This aint no chance game as he's a-gam monin'. I s'pose now as he'll want whacks, arter me a-doin' all the work an' a-runnin' all the risk !" and a sombre light came into his eyes as he laughed grimly to himself. " Wot are yer a-gabblin' an' a-grin nin' at there like a jolly ole tom-cat ?" said Ned, who, his task completed, was running his fingers backwards and ferwards amongst the glittering heap before him, evolving mild tinklings and bright coruscations from the gleaming stones. " Come here," he continued, " an' let's see wot we'll do with 'em. It won't be safe for you to venture out yet awhile. I b'lieves myself, as the best to do 'll be for me to go down to Sydney with the lot an' see how much I can get for 'em. No?" -as the other shook his head in dis sent-" Well then let's see what we have got, an' arve 'em." Quickly he counted the stones, dividing them into two equal portions. " There," said he, as he finished, "ole chap, as you done most o' the work-altho' don't forget as it was me that laid you on to the crib-first pick's yourn. Take which you likes." As he turned on the stool to look up into the other's face, down came the knife, hidden for many minutes past, down and home to the handle through flesh and bone in the breast of him. "Clumsy, am I?" muttered the assassin as he stood unconcernedly watching his victim writhing on the floor, " seems I can use a knife as well as a jemmy, anyhow, by the look of things." Then, after, with an evil smile, making a single package of the loose jewels and restoring it to the old cash box, he dragged the corpse into a corner. Then fetching a pick and shovel that stood just outside, he pulled up the four forks on which the table rested, and began to dig within the parallelogram. It was hot, and his shirt grew so wet that he took it off and flung it impatiently away. It lit on the face of the dead man and covered the star ing eyes. All through the night he picked and dug. Once or twice he paused to renew the grease in the fluttering lamp. Once hlie went to the door and looked out. A full, pale moon was hanging just above the horizin, and the cross-bars and frame of the scaf fold lay like black shadows on a field of silver. What few nerves he pos sessed responded to the significance of the thing, and he shivered slightly and shook his fist at it. As the dawn came greyly in he stopped, and, getting out of the hole, surveyed his work. " Big enough far a helephant," hlie said aloud, "let alone for a little 'un like he." Catch ing hold of its legs he drew the stiffened body to the grave, and rolled it in. As he stared into the pit he saw that his shirt had gone in also. Unhesitatingly he jumped down for it. Scrambling up, he noticed that it was deeply stained with blood, and, with an oath, he cast it back again. Then, collecting the gold and silver setting, and the trinkets despoiled of their gems, hlie dropped them one by one, and reluctantly, on to the corpse. Now he shovelled the earth in, methodically and without hurry, and smoothed it neatly; drove the four forks back again; scraped dark moist stains off the floor, and replaced the sheet-of-bark table. The earth left over he then throw into the open fire place, remarking-" It wanted risin' it mightn't smoke so bad now." As he finished and extinguished the lamp, by this hissing like a fryingpan and smelling of rancid fat, the sun lshot his first beams in through chink and cranny. In ten minutes he had built a fresh fire. Another ten, and, as he sat at his frugal breakfast, with his feet on the freshly-turned earth, few, seeing him, would suspect how the night had passed at Oat Back Ugandi. The following day, whilst the old horse stumped his monotonous round, and his master tipped the brimming buckets into the long line of troughs, ready for the sheep converging on the well from all quarters, the leaders at full trot and bleating thirstily, the ration-carrier came. When he re turned to Coolamon head-station he delivered to the super, on behalf of the whim-man, the customary " week's notice." "D- him !" said the ' boss.' If ever there was a lhorn ' hatter ' I thought he was one I Got the cheek to call it lonely, has he ? Well, we must look out for another man. That well's to be kept going 'till this dry weather breaks." "Ay," muttered Crabby, as he stood that evening and smoked and watched with intenser interest than over for tic forming of the shadow gallows. " Ay, I'll go down an' sell the smallest on 'em. Lies, all lies (with a furtive glance over his shoulder), o' his 1 No on' can't 'ave no 'spicions out 'ere. Then I'll be off to ihameriky, or somewhereas, an' 'ave a jolly good time on the square. Much luck he got a follerin' an' a spyin' an' trackin' o' me!" Then the shadow fell, and in his abstraction he let his pipe go out. Turning to enter the hut, a little bird, known in the Australian bush as the " Shepherd's Companion," and that pipes all night through in the long summer nights, alighted close by and jerked out his call of " Sweet, pretty creature," again and agaic. This irritated the min, and picking up a bone he hurled it at the bird. He was getting nervous. Then he went in and lit his lamp, and sat and gloated over the gems, amusing him self by forming them into all sortn of curious figures against the dark- brown of the bark, whilst the bird, returning, flow on the chimney, snd piped in cessantly, " Sweet, pretty creaturo pretty sweet little creature." At last the ration-carrier, with another whim-man, put in an appear ance. With the latter came a big red dog- his property. Crabby's swag was soon ready, and with a few parting instructions, be was about to get into the cart when the behaviour of the dog drew their attention. lunning wildly in and out of the hut he uttered short, sharp barks, whilst the foam flew in patches from his jaws, and his coat stood up in bristly furrows. "What the h-ll's the matter with old Jack ?" exclaimed his master. " I niver seed him carry on like that afore !" Got a bait, I should say," re marked the ration-carrier. "Only there's no poison, as I knows on, hereabouts." Suddenly the dog ceased his move ments, and, sitting on his haunches at the threshold, wailed loud and long and dolefully. "He's a-goin' mad," said Crabby to the stranger, who was regarding him inquisitively. "I seen his sort afore. You'd best shoot the brute. Come on, mate, I've got no time to waste. Let's be gettin'. And so saying he stepped up alongside the ration-carrier, and they drove off, followed across the plain by the sounds of ill-omen. Ach ! Eelp me, misbter, I can gif no more. Der shtone ish a good shtone. Dere ish no doubt off dat. But dey ish ash common ash dirt in deose days. Fife poun' cash, ant run of dese reculator vatches, vich ish vorf anoder fife." The speaker was a Jew pawnbroker, who, through a glass, was closely scrutinising a fine diamond which he had been testing, and whose lowest value was at the least fifty guineas. At the outer side of the high counter, with his hang-dog slouch and morose features-bared now, these last, in all their bad outlines by a close shave accentuated and emphasised by a suit of loud ill-fitting slops, stood Crabby. "Ah ! " exclaimed he bitterly, with a malevolent glance at the cunning sensitive face, " I've come acrost your sort afore down Petticoat-lane way, likewise aroun' a shop as is called Seven Dials, of which you've mayhap heard. But you.aint a-goin' ter Ger man-Jew me. I aint one o' these here fresh-picked lostralians, what don't know they're alive without havin' to scratch theirselves. I ken see by yer mug an' yer style that yer a fence, right enough. But yer a - poor one, an' one as don't know his busi ness. Give us that thing back again. ye old miser." " Ach 1" replied the other with a grin, as he handed the gem over, all the more readily for having caught the glimpse of a face peering through the screen of goods that hung in the win dow. " Ach I vell, veil, mishter, ish dat zo ? Den I viii geep mine monish ant mine reculator vatob. You vill geep your shtone, ant der viii po no harm ton. "Bud "-with a warning motion of uplifted and quivering fore finger-" Bud pe garevull, mine shild. Die ish von gueer gountry. Dey, in die gountry, will hang mane for vat in de oders you get bud vive, zix stretsh. Be garevull, mine boor yeller." With a vindictive scowl and mut tered imprecation the other shambled away, whilst the pawnbroker, looking out, chuckled gleefully as he noticed the man who had manifested such an interest in the contents of his window saunter listlessly after him. For some minutes Crabby hesitated before the doors of a large jeweller's shop in George-street. Then, with a defiant look around, he entered. " Buy diamonds ? Certainly," said the shopman, manifesting no surprise at the speaker's appearance. The roughest-looking bushmen sometimes turned out better customers than the " swells," and were, as a rule, a much easier class to deal with. " Uncut, I suppose," he continued. " Will you let me see a sample 2" Producing from a little leather purse the sam gem as he had offered the Jew, Crabby said-" That's only one on 'em, mister. There's lots more left. where that un growed. If yer's a goin' to haet on the square with a cove, an' not try to come any hanky panky, why, I'll see if the rest on 'em ain't to be found." At this speech the shopman looked up suspiciously.- Finding, however, that the diamond was a genuine one, he called the marter of the place, who also closely inspected it and its owner until the latter began to grow uneasy under the prolonged scrutiny. "A very fine gem, indeed," said the jeweller at last. " May I ask where you got it-just as a matter of pre caution to ourselves, you know, in case we should deal," he hastened to add, seeing an angry light rising in the other's bloodshot eyes. " I got it hup the bush," replied Crabby, sulkily. " There's more there. I'm a-goin' back to get 'em when I sells that un." "Just so," remarked the other suavely. "I suppose, then, you are a digger, and procured this stone in the usual way-out of the earth 2" " Eggsaokly," answered Crabby, " an' no more'n a week agone. • But that's snuff jawn," he added rudely. " If yer means business-how much ? If not, say so." Before a reply could be made a man walked swiftly into the shop, laid his hand on Crabby's shoulder, and said -" James Burgess, alias ' Big Jim,' you're my prisoner I" The other, after a look in the new comer's face, flung wildly around; but catching sight of two stout constables at the door, thought better of it, and, with an oath, held forth his hands for the cuffs, as he asked " wot's the charge, Mister Hodson 2" "Wilful murder," replied the officer, as with skill born of long experience he began then and there to search his prisoner. " It's a lie," growled the other. " I never killed nobody." "Umph," said his captor; " if poor old Bennett, the Earl's butler, could step in now, I fancy he'd be in clined to argue the point. But he didn't die before he gave us a clue. Where's the Nipper?" The suddenness and directness of the question appeared for a moment to stun the prisoner. Reeoveringc himself with an effort, he said " What about him ? How' the h-li should I know where he is ?" "Oh, no matter," replied the officer, as from a secret pocket -he produced the rest of the diamonds, " only we had him for another job, and to save his skin he turned Q.E. on you for this little affair, and cleared up some details that we were bothered about. He got six months. Did that; and was supposed to have come out here for a holiday, so to speak. I'm out for pleasure, too. But when I can add business to it I don't feel it right to decline." The inspector was in high feather, and inclined to be pleased with him self. " However," he continued, with a sharp glance at the other's furiously working features, "never mind the Nipper. I dare say he's right enough. Perhaps, indeed, he might be all the better for your not having come across him, though you nerr pals in the old country, eh, Jim ?" " Oh !" whispered Crabby, hoarsely, yet in a tone of such heartfelt satis faction as made the inspector stare. " He come it on me, did he-blowed the gaff on his mate ? An' then he starts a-trackin' an' a-tryin' to sam mon of him. Well, I niver was sorry, niver guy' it a second thought, as you may say. But now I'm real pleased, a'most as pleased, Mr. Hodson, as if I hadn't met yer 'onour." And he laughed and chuckled to himself with unfeigned delight. "Spects this'll be a swing-swung sort of business, lch ?" he asked, as a signalled cab drove np to the door. " Nothing more certain," replied the officer, coolly; " one doesn't go about smashing people's skulls for nothing." "An' a couple 'd make it more cer tainter still ?" The inspector nodded expectantly. " Then look in the ole hut, under the table, an' yell see wot 'appens to a cove as goes back on his pal. There's a gallus there, too," he added, with a grin at his own conceit, " the biggest gallus as ever you seed; but I doubts if't would bear my weight." They hanged him, months after wards. Long streaks of rosy light fell athwart thei paved yard over whose tall walls the sunrays were striving to clamber, projecting, as they grew higher, a hugs fac-simile of the fatal tree across the stones. As he stood, unmoved, on the plat form, in the splendour of the dawning, disregarding the exhortations of the priest, he kept his eyes fixed on this only repeating at intervals words that no one there understood-" The shad. der of the whim ! The shedder of the whim I" 