SHORT SIGHTED CRITICISM. In pretending to judge of the Chris tianity of the New Testament, sceptical writers, even when candid and scientific in other inquiries, lose all their habits of accuracy, and all spirit of induction— they seem to assert and to declaim — they ex press themselves in the wildest manner, and without considering or studying the words on which they pronounce. It seems as if they form a theory of what the books are said by their enemies to contain— and argue from that, and not from having ascertained their real contents. If it were not so, how could men so acute as Mar- tineau and Newman, reading the four Gospels, come to such opposite con- clusions on a plain matter-of-fact ? — One of these, contended for the man Jesus that he never taught oracularly, never claimed to be supreme director, or guide ; while the other stoutly argued that he did, and condemns him for self-sufficiency. Surely the Gospel leaves us no room for doubt. How could Renan say that He only used the name of " the Son of man " to avoid the use of the pronoun " I " which he seldom employed ; whereas in one prominent passage he used both together, " 'Whom do men say that I, the Son of man, am ? " and he is always re markable for the use of the first person — I am the way, come unto me, I am the vine, I say unto you, &c.;, &c.; It is gravely urged as an objection to New Testament Christianity that it did not prescribe the duties of friendship or of patriotism. But surely this objection arises from mere ignorance. For what more perfect counsels of friendship could there be than these " In lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than him self;" "In honour preferring one another ; " " Bear ye one another's bur dens ; " or those in which Christ is made the model in this as in other things: " Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus," Phil. ii. And what was this mind ? " Greater love hath no man than this that a man lay down his life for his friend." It is true that the Gospel soars to a loftier conception of the principle of love, far beyond the dreams of the poets, that a man should do good even to his enemies. And as to patriotism — If the whole range of history cannot furnish an aspira tion more sublime than that of St. Paul, — " I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart — for I could wish myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh, &c.;" Romans ix. This kind of objection would vanish if the writers took the trouble simply to read what they venture to criticise. The same may be said of remarks made by a man in other matters so careful and logical. J. S. Mill, in ch. ii. on Liberty, says that " St. Paul in enforcing Christian morality, assumes a pre-existing morality, namely that of the Greeks and Romans ; and his advice to Christians is in a great measure a system of accommodation to that." Surely this is imaginary— that very Greek and Roman morality he absolutely loathes in- Rom. i., and it is " the world " to which they, are not to be conformed, and from, which they are to be transformed in the renewing of their mind. And then, strange to say, the philosopher forgets himself and says "Christian morality (so called) has all the characteristics of a reaction— it is, in great part, a protest against paganism." Of course it is; but if so, it certainly cannot assume, and accommodate its teaching to a pre-existing morality in that very paganism. He goes on: "Its ideal is negative rather than positive, and passive than active ; — innocence rather than nobleness —abstinence from evil rather than ener- getic pursuit after good. ln its precepts. "thou shalt not" predominates 'unduly over " thou shalt." In its horror of sensuality, it makes an idol of asceticism.'' Now, I put it to any candid man who has considered the contents of the New Tes tament, whether this description of its character is according to truth — whether the man who so described it was not as completely ignorant of the books as if he had never seen one of them; — whether their characteristics are not diametrically opposite to every one of those descriptions. Where are these preponderating " Thou shalt nots ? " Echo answers, Where? They are conspicuous by their absence. Where is this " negative " council and example ? Is it in the example of Christ, who went about doing good? In the multi-form labours of St. Paul ? In his continual example of the circus, the com- bat, the wrestling, the race ? In his illus tration of the soldier, with the whole panoply of God, standing in the evil day, and quenching on his shield of faith all the fiery darts of the enemy ? Or is it in such a life and such a fight that we are to look for asceticism, and a precept of abstinence from evil; rather than energetic pursuit of good ? The whole tone and temper of the New Testament are against it. The truth is that such men, finding themselves incapable of understanding the New Testament, with the slender amount of attention which they think it worthy of receiving, insert their theories rather than study more deeply. For the New Testament is not a string of moral precepts either of " thou shalt not," or " thou shalt," but the display in detail of the new life in Jesus Christ— and Christian morality is simply the outcome of Christian dogma. "If any man be in Christ he is a new creature," and Jesus Christ is made unto us of God— wisdom, righteousness, sanctification, and redemp tion." Much has been made of the assertion that what is required by Christianity is incompatible with the ordinary business and innocent pleasures of life. That Christ was our example, and, therefore, as Christ was poor, and persecuted, and crucified, Christianity requires every one of its true members to be poor, persecuted, and to suffer as keenly — so that to live in a decent house, to eat one's regular meals, to enjoy rational and improving society, nay, even to spend several hours in each day in profitable employment, and to have a charming wife and family — this must be heathenism ; and if not, Christianity is false. But when Christ is set before us as "an example that we should follow his steps," the particulars in which we should follow him are mentioned " who did no sin nor was guile found in his mouth." In holi ness then, and guilelessness, in meekness, &c;, not necessarily in his poverty and suffering we are to follow Him. " Forgiving one another if any man have a quarrel against any, as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you." " Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus " — in what?— " Look not every one on his own things but also on the things of others." Philippians ii. Neither Christ nor his apostles ever made a Christian dogma of poverty or asceticism. The Lord indeed had not where to lay his head, but when he dined at the rich publican's table, he did not rebuke him for having a sumptuous table, but for neglecting polite offices to him self, " Thou gavest me no water ; thou gavest me no kiss." The followers of Christ did indeed suffer and fast, but it was because they were persecuted, not because they thought it part of their duty to Christ, whether per secuted or not, to impose suffering on themselves. No doubt Christianity re quires us to suffer as they suffered, rather than betray or be ashamed of Christ ; and by this we are bound to-day, as they were 1800 years ago. And in the times of persecution we have seen how often history found the Christian thus tried and not found wanting. Should it arise again, I believe it would still have its martyrs. It has had them indeed in our southern seas and in Madagascar recently enough, but for ordinary times the Christian was to be in the good sense of the word " a man of the world." The Master gave himself this character in comparison with John — that he came ." eating and drink ing " that is living dike others and avoid ing asceticism ; and this character of his people, — that they were to be the salt of the earth and the light of the world : and his last prayer was "'not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil."" 'And although St. Paul is faithful to echo his Lord's warning of the ad ditional snares that wealth provides for the rich, still his charge to them is, not to become poor, but " charge them that are rich'' in this world, that they be not high- minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God who giveth us richly all' things to enjoy. That they do good, that- they be rich in good works, ready to distrlbdte, willing to communicate, laying hp in store for themselves a good founda tion' against the time to come, that they inay lay hold on eternal life." A flippant writer, a believer, mischievously adopting the style of ah infidel, says we must make up our minds whether the Christian religion is an excellent philosophy, or a divine revelation, for that it cannot be both. We reply that it can be, and is, both one and the other. He says our choice is to renounce either Heaven or the ordinary refined life of this civilisation era, for to enjoy both is impossible. We reply that " Godliness is profitable for all, having the promise of this life, and of that which is to come ; " that the Christian influence gives the true zest to every duty and' innocent pleasure of life, and that both business and pleasure may be, and must be, pursued by us as his servants, ahd subject to this limitation and direction. We must be " diligent in business, fervent in spirit, Serving the Lord." We must be careful to distinguish the dogmas of Christianity from the dogmas of the Churches. The former are unas- sailable by any criticism of the Bible which we have yet seen, or has yet been threatened ; the others have manufactured so many, and refined so much on, new scholastic and theological subtleties, that they are open at all points to defeat. And it is well. The Churches retain, indeed, for the most part, the dogmas of the New Testament, but from the days of the early councils downwards they have encumbered them with the untenable materials of their own disputes. And such scandal have they heaped on dogma, that its very name has become a by-word. We have in ecclesiastical history, inter- minable lists of "heresies," and intermin- able struggles between the orthodox and the heretics ; councils and doctors fighting in- all sorts of ways, and on every little matter of hair-splitting ; where the New Testament did not pronounce at all. Whatever party was most cunning, or most strong, carried its point, and it became a dogma. In some cases, the condemned and anathemized was really the more Scriptural of the two ; and this process has, under the Bishops of Rome, culminated in the declaration of Papal infallibility, and of the deliverance of the Virgin Mary from original sin at the precise moment of her conception—about which the New Testament is silent. But nearly as foolish were all the disputes, and their settlement by grave councils, concerning the nature of the Holy Spirit, and the hypostatic union, and refinements pretending to define the nice relationships of the Deity as we have it in the Athana- sian Creed, which is simply the record of successive triumphs of one party over the other, respecting the use of particular terms referring to the Persons of the Godhead,' things utterly beyond the capacity of man. If any one desires to see an example that will cure him for ever of any respect he might retain for mere Church dogmas, let him read the account of the general council of Ephesus . They met to decide whether Nestorius was heretical because he would not call Mary— Theotokos ' — " The one who gave birth to God." They put the New Testament in the chair, to denote that that was their authority. It must have been to deprive it, as chairman, of a vote ; for they never afterwards referred to it ; no one attempted to find such a term applied to the Virgin in that Book. But having taken good care to decide before the Nestorian Bishops arrived, the words were simply read and denounced by acclamation. The other bishops, when they arrived, decided differently, and then all proceeded to blows. And yet to 'this day Nestorius is written down a heretic, although entirely at one with the New Testament. It is thus that ecclesiastical dogmas are manufactured; and strung together in creeds, and then, with all solemnity, precentors and choirs sing them to a pleasant recitative. But the dogmas of the New Testament are very different; they are really the essence of the Christian faith. Much of the morality of the New Testament differs perhaps only in decree from that of the best of non-Christian philosophies. To a great extent the sense of right, and wrong is a part of natural religion, " the conscience meanwhile accusing or excusing." What is peculiar to this morality in the New Testament is the reality, life, motive, and superhuman help which vivify those precepts, otherwise barren, from the dulness of formal platitudes. This is effected by connecting them with the Christian dogmas, and these dogmas are almost all some act or word of the living Christ. For instance, St. Paul, mentioned three of these dogmas, " I delivered unto you that which I also received, how that Christ died and was buried, and rose tho third day." Now, when he entreats the Christians not to sin, he falls back on these facts, " Likewise reckon yourselves to be dead unto sin, and alive unto God, through Jesus- Christ our Lord;" Buried with Him by baptism into death, that, like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life." (Rom. vi.) Another dogma is stated by the same apostle — the gift of the Holy Spirit by which we say to God, " Abba Father." (Rom. viii.) By-and-bye, when warning another Church against carelessness of life, he appeals to this dogma: "And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, by whom ye are sealed unto the day of redemption." And his strongest expostu lation against sins of impurity, is not simply a strong denunciation of it as against the undoubted code of morality — any religion or philosophy might have done that; but what other besides Chris tianity could have supplied this motive, " What, know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in you; and whosoever defileth the temple of God, him will God destroy." Or could all the moral precepts of all the sages of the world supply such a motive against fornication as this, " Shall I take the members of Christ and make them members of a harlot. God forbid." You will find this principle throughout the Book as the life and soul of religion —the dogma is the basis of everything. But the dogma, we must remember, to be thus operative, would be not only the fact, but the fact realised and personally applied. Unless I have myself that spirit, it will be no argument to me to avoid sin because our bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost. For he does not dwell in my body. Therefore refusing to admit any other than that which we plainly find in the New Testament, we may allow all the various criticisms even of the Bible itself to have free course, perfectly secure of our treasure ; and if we see some old council canons, or creed definitions tumble down under the critic battery; we can rejoice the more that only error falls, but we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth. Finally, let no questionings of how or why disturb our comfort and confidence in that good news which so often; in every shape, the New Testament puts forward, as the chief and choice of all it has to teach. That God was in Christ recon ciling you unto Himself, not imputing our trespasses. Millions have found and are finding' peace in that evangel. Should we be asked what connection there can be between the atonement of Christ and our salvation, or how could the blood- of the innocent at all effect the guilty, what matter if we should modestly say " I don't know." Perhaps there is no necessary connection — perhaps there is. One thing I know, that whereas I was blind now I see. On any subject a child may ask questions which the wisest can not answer. Even sages are solely puzzled about the sources of light and heat in the sun : but no one refuses- the warmth and light because he has not yet solved these questions — of the photosphere, or its spots, or its fuel. So here — be warmed be saved, be sanctified, be glorified; be happy in Christ; leaving a thousand questions for future settlement, when we shall see; not through a glass darkly; but face to face — when we shall see as we are 'seen, and know as we are known. 