[tCraeeona.) ' 1 The Doctor's Step-daughters.. S .y C. Stafford. 'uiAPTIE I,-- LovE's COMPLIOATIONS. I" t ITEN, my dear Tinn, all I have to say is this: under the circiumstances, it is time you provided for yourself, and if you will not do so by marry. ipg old Oliliton, yoa Imust find soetlo other way of getting a home of your own. "A homo ? I have a hom I " "Inldeed I Where ?l" floberltitna West's grey eyes opened vido withl, the question. WVan her step. 'fatl;er one mad ? "Why, hero in my mother's house," shlle said. Dr. Morris was it smnll man With a fresh colour, thlick, rather curling brown hair, dapper professional nil', and slow, distinct wiy of spenking. Tinat was a tall girl, so that her eyes and those of h.ler stepfather its lie came forward, .tdofiing slightly with llis piitc?..e ., ?dangling hlOll liis rat lher knoily little han.lld, were on it level, and lihad she anl a : red his gaze, sloe.nmight hare sooeen in it a twinkle of fun somewhat contra. dieting the words he let fall one by one '" with the "chopply" distinctness (as one of his five step-daughters termed it) :peculinr to him. ."A house cannot belong to one who no longer exists," went on the doctlr. r "Pnactically,t.lis house never did belong to your mother, nor to mle, for the imatter of that, till seven years after her death. When she and I married, I en. derstood it belonged to hler; but in reality, the house, the hoouse fernitlnr-( even the good-will ofyolr father's iran.' tice-"were iuortgaged to such an extent, tlhat it took mic till long afte or your poor mlother's'deaith to free thel place froleI debt. Your father had mainged t.o rlni gnsmtters into this delightful ii. .bregio before ho' uauried your niother; and the only real possessiois your tnothoer ver' htad in this house were her two husbands and her five gill." ..The ulagh in tile doctor's eyes canlo a S little more to the surface t lie owenton: "She bequeathed her five gir'l to mie, her second husbhand. A. bequest surely mells possession, anld possession teluiens -well; it least,' the power to advise," . Tin's face waits crilson. Her loing, dark ]lushes which, in company with the eyes tliey were helping to veil, were the .chief beauty of her small, Inaked face, were sutlddenly lifted, ,nlld she looked a' lf-indlgnaltly, half.wistfillly at hero yontng stept-father., SAll tilde of innleasant feelings l ad visited her nas shie listened. The truths just mentioned -to ]herl by the doctor w'ere' not altogether new to 'her. She ald been old enough at the time of her mnother's second niar.. rihgo' to catclh tp, anid be lhurt by, , scraps of conversation amnitig servants and certain of her mothet's lady friiends. She remembored, too, Show much better life had been for . herself and her sisters after the yonig doctor, ippeared on the e scee ntld her mnother hittd figured ans Mrt's. Morris, ..instead of as Mrs. Wet. Never boefore, howlever, hatd the ghost of a. hint of this seamy side of the life which Dr. Morris a'pd his step-datuglitet's lnl splent to. getheli for thirteen years dropped fron I inht, and site was thoroughly pizzledc by hispresnt mood. Lookilg at him, lhier checks lost their suldtlden rush of colour, aud her little fair face gradually s iunned itself veor with the expression -of canuruo'aderi whlich years of- half. fatherly, Ihalf- brotherly friendliness had tauight the little doctor's step-daughter 'to wear to hiim. "I did allow you to atdvise' nie," she sa ind, smnling nill spite of liei'rsolf, at "rthe hllf.tensing, haulfdarllnest mieaieor 'lie had quietened down to. '"1 only re. fised totako tthe adice,ianl any girl over I tetwontione, le I t cihrcitntmsltnces be what they mlty, should be considered free, to refuise anything so unsuitiable. ':Why, the very tern you Iused jiistt nOIw ;" In speaking of nr',. Olinton shows the unnsuitableness. You called hiit 'Old Clinton,'" she finished. Dr. Morris swung rollld oni his hoel, 'his frock.coiat flying out at a talingetiin ' coumpany with tlie o ince.o-cs, which lihe t still heldl dangling betwven finger imltd t"thiinb, and lalied heartily. " Con d foulnd it, Tinas, elsed the aljective 'at . ,, ann expression of affection, don't you ]know. ' Of course, a mIlnll of thirty.OighI 0 isn't isn his 'hi'st yotlth--ho isn't roale Sexactly; ibut Clinton 'ias t sound as as bell, I nai spenlaing professioially, you ' '?tndcrs1tnnd. I soiuned him a n thtill igo for ni Assurance Oompany, titd'1 can r tell lils lifoe ist lot sitrer tihan that 'of 'inii? y a lId of t'enty.two or three, who e ilay have all sorts of seeds of diseuise It l: ltking abolt hinti ready to ' declare 12 them selves il a year ao' two." 'Whst n, way of looking at it" said o 'V'Tinea with It disgusted 'ait, walklting away to wtidow, anil staring down ilto " the sti'cetof the qasint, cotlntry lowli. ' " ' Morris' droppled htl ini ce.neo, and n int lit motent of ,forgetfulness, of pro. 0 fessional dlignity, stuffed his hands into Itls strousieri'poket. , ' '1 I, re' , aok i I id ho, re'o ''ditn riesentfillly the wilsi of a slengder fig re ., at the 'windowi; " W leo It snlits t'Ot to do so. no you slealk of lay thlirt';y.ninU' years witlh the titudst disresp.ect.' '" -' 'at,., h You'ro dilorermt.,"sild Ti".'nwithout . eloing "round. " Yon're not baldt, and it you're notgot at fli6tt tooth nut.i "I've si felso 'onioesa." ibhlslinigly ' oettfessed Idlte ioctort , ,'' ',".V el, yott'r'e tlsotwtinti?g 'to mnarly , onelundy of my tge," lai Tittuit, u , s d ' 'hlo diotor bit his llp 'foi' soeotd, t" Ilel coolly retnarledl "'ia, Is unl." '.' 'ITins trirned -ound, Iher Inds fanllilng {tOam thir *U:***""11 play ing "wll'tl~he .. 'blhdu.ta?Oel, n:nd ottch olutchlilg a siallll l'hiaidfulef the 16ng,; sti'alghlt, folls'of ,ne'os s.l.atd plitobtel lei' it clhiir. Tiilt ait dow ill i lt--sho wuIsn'l, able to ilo t itlythllilg else-snndstyly looketd up hiLo ft Tuho o.etot0s, ftesh eoloit' bhocame oven ft?'eli'dr In'h'loe, ". f nlit iproesuntlly, l ''.l,.esottly',"' e naddedieta'ssturltigly,vith, v 5.... ndo~inwlrd glattice at Tini's uiitu'ned ' S .fane; lo nitnrry Mini Ada Lavtlitgtointl1 'Btntllker Litvhtglolt'e'eldst i dgltelr li at" . l. n?'nln~illhitchil tho ohliaelhtwilIt aetisff .i 'Iled little'" Oh, dheitr thnti shtiddenly: l' Uttl)gitlt, wh~ t I ilel, iletsef to tupet'r, iv 'IO? :O, 1de so dlslike hlo'," she said. ,. ;, '" ItltOiW you do, sty thotl'," sitld ,the l Sdectort elisdrtly nndcnaluly, uiling!tnlthl p1 .lte ':tone in t:whlteh hie might' emunslly a lauteo ntleltioabd ttlt't' the wld its!lit ye :tltthe 'i'ortlutclits I '" thrlioforo'o, 'Iltheasre i n': otupleltliali s itn' i lvittnotlld iltherw'lod '1 hti'vo bhoet sintplieity Itsellf, ' ' ,Ti, ,Tunic, cooim tlong, t' ehulile St'obnlIt "' itlen tilpted a stridlent veic ti Thu stsotiUld cstmo frtom the dir'eotlot ol s I secoond whildow in thle drtsr.lgroouln 01 'the wilndow overloolod a gnrdon, and ie was sippliled iWith a l;iaOtloy, on thte a rall ofbi~ thlds .gisYlou'or.ctGso. ' lTe a iaongo oglbto Ito co6iitninod i a jael. daw, but did not, as toe jackdaw was coming with a hop nnd three strides alternately across the drawing.room carpet towards Tina, bringing each three strides to ii, ieat finisll with tile pertiient remark, "Jack, Jack, cpom along t' chucl, t' clinchi!" "Jack, you bad bird I you've opened that cage-door again." .Tina held her hand out invitingly to the sleek, long. beaked creature, then, as the under. lt.ker- looking object reached lert side. lihe beot forward and what she called "pulled Iis hai',"-that is,the silken, i nfeathorlik plumnngo at tile top of the Sackdaw's bead. SThe doctor looked on witll uneasiness I depicted on his countenance; he-was making a mintal calculation as to how long it would be beforo the "fiend in I fethers," as lie called it, attacked his boots. Between these articles of attire and the jackdaw there were permanent liostilities. • "It ecenied to me," he began again, with a dry coagh, "tha6tho propoal of dear old Clinton was a special inter. position of Providence, since Miss Layv iiigton declares she will be glad to share my efforts to nmake my younger step. children happy, but that, shlo lits no hlope of succeeding in anything of the kind with you." 'I see," said Tinn,it mastbe nonfessed, a little viciously; " she proposes to got away from her own stop.motller by becoming one herself," The doctor's moutli twitched comically at tle corners. "No, I proposed it," lie said, strategically comnponding with "Jack" for an attack just about to be commenced on his boots,.by pitching the bird a sixpence, whereupon Jack flew, witlh his prize, to the lap of Ilis nistress, and there, standing in thi centre of ler spread-ouit pocket-handkerchlief, pro. ieeded .to display how much a living jackdaw can look like a deild, stuffed one, when the part is taken by a: bird of talent. ' ' "Why, Ada Lavington, when 'hor' fathcr married again, went about overy. irwhr o sayilg how .horrid it was of Mrs. Fiairleigh to consent to become the step. imother, of grown-up utep.diighltcrs," iroko out Tin again, with a fresh out. burst of indignation.. "Did she P" said the doctor. "It:is always possible to change one's opinion, and Miss Lavington'a relations withl her stepmiiotiier have proved so satis. factory, that it iulst ]lave been imost encouraging, most encouraging." The little doctor's tone was lalf. facetions, but there was a hurt look on his face,and thel nixt instant his clean shavien lips lightened, il a way which nrgucd that l'e lhad not quite done with Tina., "I thiný I may say," lie began again, accordingly, ''thalt.Miss Laving ton views the right or wrong neceptanco of ily snit more withl regard to h)er lhppincss and mline1 than to ler positioni .as the wife of a step.father," Tina received the shlot in a vilnerable' part. " Oil, this Is dreadful," she said, 'I sec it is dilferent. Oh, we unsst all go away." Slo had just balnnced Jack's sixpence on the top of his head, and now, excited to olnulation by tie slight raising of hler voic, le, e, with tlhat ungraceful conversational L action poculiar to jack: daws, plinped out of himsIelf, as it were, the words: " Go away, go 'long." :The jerking of tle head downward sent tiud sixpence rollingl across the room, and the doctor, who was of Ali orderly turn 9f mind, went in pursuit'of it., . ''' ..- .. ... I .. .. . " No, you are io all. to go away," lti ansiwered, c eaningly, cs lie 'rtulrnl'l, pocketing the sixpence as lio catin, in spite of tli loinging in Jack's acquisi. tive, stony eye. "lBut this conversation has givein ie no reason to alter my previous idea, that either by marrying Oilntoln-- don't 'know why he's fool enough to waint yoi-or, by' sonic other mean," it would be desirabled for yo , under thlieircuiclistalicosbf ily pl'proachi. ing miarriage, to inakeoit staut in life for .yourself." , T'inai spratg to lier feet, sending the iunprilparld, jlackdaw, wilth lut wings outsip ead, headlong to the floor, a strong insLtinct of self-preservation c:ausing liii to rotire lhurriedly, cawing Is hoe woint; to tlie erll ty cago, Dr. Mlotrois followed the bird across tihe carpet, shut the window it passed .hrough with a banig, and tlihen iaced iound again. "Tina," he said, "upon omy word, I feel.ready to knock mysell ldolwn for snying it to youi, but I've no .one to say it for ile, nnd you mulstlsoe thit tliero' no reasoni in life whly a lan of thlirly.-nini (the rest of the world doesnl't, like you, look on a ma?l of that ago as on the verge of decrepitude) should devote Iimself quite to the end of Iis life solely to five big girls for whoml lie hlls already done all lie can. Your four sisters; I am quite surc, will' 'fub tloig'well enoiugh with tlho lady to wholm propose giving t portion 'of iny regard ; but you, I fordsoe, will not." " You and she, thieo; only wInt dno out of tlioe way," said Tilna,pantiiig for brohtli il tlhe little gust of tlemper whichi foi lthe' iloient took possession of lior, "Well, 1 will not mnarry ?r. Clintoli to, obligo lth 'girl," .: "Yon will"notnliry Mr,. Olinton '] will sdee you do not," said tlie doctor, whlit6in l lis turn.,' "The poor fellow must be blind to wa nt to alsaii tlie rest of Ills days with 'an undisciplined big child lile yon." ' Tinl brokel down shie we. even now beginning 'tiio Lbei' liincd s of. hersielf.' With a painting sob, telrs ramined udown behillnd the two ilnall bands lsho raised to hide tlihen. There was ca rap al tlie door, and when Tinii beon down; as if to look for a piece of music, in reality to hide her streaim inl fico, , servant eame ill. "PIlease, iir' thorlie' a g natis.patient In the conanlting rooiii, iind tilh nassin tioit iin'lt b lk'y." " . Thle doctor strode out and lshit the door after him. 'i.OlArPin I..-"Ti A.'s'Tno...e, " 1'"IT id'no idoe; I.tcllyoli.i,' ..' ': qTlina, whenl asle inado thls'statemeont was ,sltting g with, If tIlea itiiil itilsb? bh told, her faic, fenarfully unpresoniitable. firolnm pat crying, at a little, afternoon tea-table, pourinl 'oli tieon., She .war.. handingia cttp of tea'to 'Frances, tlhe eldest 'of her four tall, sllim sistes'a, the wholu of whoml were sltting:lhore and, thiro riliou iitn tilppor roni, sbodolally lieltl oirii,to wliloli tloy bad hlid theli teii 'eunt, hi consideration of thel prianiy nodded fori T'il'iifaswolloi face, and thu' liupoitatiic. of thle matters to be talked o, iTo Wes, t.girls: wero astonishingly. Ilea eaieli otller, till tllo.asnio tall, slighlIt, proettily.fe'altuirod,big.oyed orceaturoes one *tlittle 'tlilnor, oiei a little tallor, onoe oillnger, Ilndo one older and 'firltor.' lollng saomhnlow, Frances wna ,the' one llrh'nir.lokin i S"It ivap'vhry'Idiotlh of yon 'nobto lavco rin 'lidn," slid andwered, with '8ls. Lorly firankn!ea anid soine doulbt of liheor istolr' sincerity. You' are the only one of us wlio hadliiin't unlce' ' Olilnco' Is oecepted," slhe idded, with a bright smile tCowards the' youngest Wjloao eai. uorinllhy thjlltk ,ani long tail _I hir : "ot yet turnoa up) 'had carned for hoi a that sobriquet, S "I know thnt Mif. Cliton carnd for STina," that younn lady quietly returned, h looking steadfastly at lher elder rola. Lo ive's blurred countenance. ' But I a didn't know the doctor cared for that nice Miss Lavington. I never thought Sof Ilis liking anybody but sn." "It's disgusti g," was Tina's answer. "No, it isn't, but it's disturbin," corrected 'rances, who was the philo. sopher of the family. ' "Oreama-mnslin, with nmize-colour, in the fashionable thing for bridesmaids' droases," hazarded tall Bangles, staring across the room with a speculative and somewhat covetous air; "and it does afterwards for garden- parties." * "You can have that for thle other wedding," said Tinn, with affected bitter. ness. "I am not to be offered up at the altar of Miss Lavington's convoe .nience, or at any other altar." .A shrill "k-.ake " struck oh every. .body's ears from somnewbor below, and a smilo, for the first time. since the con Svorsation in the drawing-rooni, gleaned across Tina's-not at this moment par. ticularly charming-features. "That bird is loose again somewhere," she observed,.as if slhe expected the circum. stance to give general pleasureo " he nmust halve heard the jinglo of the spoons and things. IIc's wanting his oake-I'll go for him." And she ran Sdownstairs. r Before leaving the room to weep in greater seelusion, Tina had reopened tle r window which tho doctor had shut; and a Jack, in consequence, was now perched Son the back of a chair, mentioning his Swaits to his own sympathetic earls. SA few minutes later, with Jack in lher Sarms, confined to the more limited space of his wicker cage, Tina was crossing Sfrom the drawing-room to the foot of the stairs again, Suddenly she heard some one let in at tlio street door; a familiar step in the hIll below, and is familiar a voice saying: "Hullo, there you arol How are you, old fellow? I just looked in, in case you were prevented from turn. ing up at thei Lavingtons to-night, to put you iinind of tlat Oounty Councill ieeting. Thought over that miuggestion of Squire Holton's, il ? "' Involuntarily sho looked for a second over tile balustrade, just ill time to soe two hands grasp each otlieo heartily, and ia tall, broad-shouldered Iman, with heavy dark moustache, pass across the door-mat of the colnsllting-.rooum, on the throelhold of which her atep-fathor stood. The door shut them in, and she mounted the stairs, heralded all tioe way by Jack's deomand for "ko.ake," "le has just conme in," she informed the tea-derillers, while depositing the cage conveniently for Jack's being able to sco the passers-by il tlio street below, and to choose those he doomed suitable for his aidjuring to " coom along." or " go 'long ' -tlhat is, errand-boys or any boy in working clothes, corduroys being the key'note of a reclly enthusiastle outbutrst of invitation, " lre glive you Jack," somewhat jire. levantly rcmarked tile Chlee ; " lie said there wns no one to care for Jiick afte'r his motlher died, and would you be tllo bird's mistlress P " " Well ?" said Tin. *France's mouth puclered into a smilo. ' Chinec," she said, reprovingly, "you are too sharp for anything. But I'know what Olineo ncmans," sh' owned, handsonmely, with a wavo of her" hand. " You say you lihd not the slightest idea that Mr., (linton would ever think of you. If you had lookeodat him on: tihe oceasion: of lwhichl..Chinco ealsis you would hlie ..had one, If only you lad looked at Ilia face as lie spolo you wouldl have ulndeIsatood. Bult thliat is til curious thling,"slio went on ; "you hardly over do look at anybody whoen they are speaking to you. You opon your eyes innocently wide (Frances gave a very successfnl illustratiou withll er own large grey ones), iand stare strai'lght past thliem. 'Perhlps',you arie devoting your undivided attention to tlie composing of an inlwr." SThlre can be no doubt that Tina was looking at this particulair speaker by tlihe time this point was reached. Perhaps a. more nervous lecturelr tan iFraiicei mightl have wished it otherwise. " I do look at people," Tina asserted, vaguoly. "Oh, yes, perhaps, once ill a conver. sation," returned Frances, nothing daunted, " You will look deep into the other pers6n's eyes as if you would road their very soul, but you don't read it, you linow." SiAo finished with brisk emphasis. "Tlhorel look At hioe now," sho added, in roferenco to tld fact that Tina had already drifted into the habit of, which mention was being nmade, her ga.o travelling dreamily pnst Frances's shoulder, the poieo of tihe sinall head giving tlhe fair,'little face a rapt, saintly expression mnost becoming, but most tii. reliable iasgiing an index to Tina's mood, " I know,". went on F?Irances, thlrowing an appealiln glance round, " that sihe is probably tlhinking ofwhlat I inm sayilig; but I defy ber, wlhilo Ahb is ratching tthat bluebottle oni the window.pane, to set the e xpression of face with which I anu saying it, and people often say ono thing with tloir tongue while they say anothes witi their eyes," " Well, they shouldnot." Tina disposed of the information without troubling to asertain whether in this particular in. stance Frances's voice was saying one thliig and lher aspect another., " ,'IOn"brokeii Oolostinc, otherwise Excelsiohr, who was fitting at the0 otilcm side of the room, with her bronze shoes, rather too nimnoi cia dridieae, crossed , dilntily, her diess.skirt somehow drag. ged tiglitly round thle shapely ancles ap. pearing above.the lprepnstterously high. liheled shoes-" tea. Half a: cup, iind dlon'i put in two nlunps of sulgarl. irank goes to the other extreme," slheo added, consolingly, as Bangles, wholhad taken Tina's.p'aiooat tihe table, nlled the clip, "Flrank liji'dly ever believes a word people say with tLheir tongues. 'It would be a relief to hlier, I should thimik, ito Ilvo in a deaf and dumb asylumi. She listondwith her eyes." " What a sihowor 1" ihutorrupted Tinn, na a quiok patter of suiillnniier rain, con. -!ngtlroughira ihoa of tender,' golden ligh, aroused the 'ipprelhension of hot' friold th bluelottle,l who :was now -nlpnndoring undecidedly acrois i lighlor pens of 'to w?indowi " ' ' To as Co.nIavr'v President Lincoln 'aid once thalb tlho bose story hoe lihad ver road in thio papors of him. solf wns this- , " Two Quakosroos ,woro travolling on ;a rallroada and wore lienard dlisusaing the probablo tormilnatlon of lie war, . SI think " said tho lirat, " tlinb Jefferson will si cooed." . " . , . a " Why doos theo tiink sol" naked the other, ,' ' : ' i ".Boeauso ilcfrson Is a pnyilng mln., , : And seo is Abraham ia preying mani oboclted the wecondl,.,- ', , ,.' "Yes, hu' llthe Lord,will think Abraham Is joklng' tliolrseb replied. . A clerkc, whlo wn nala o'a' lioolmnelaoi, bolng called on to glve a tooastiroduod lthis .cnitlmen t, " Addition Ito te iofrlonds of Old Engindl, subtratolon.to hoer wants, multi. pllmflon to'her blslings, division' among hsr tfoos,'tnd rcduotiotn of lrot dobta and *Ua~I 4 *- r -- . .* 