BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. A BRIEF HISTORY OF MADAME ANNA BISHOP. Last week, on the North Brothers Island, the place set apart by the Government for infectious diseases, a wretched tramp gave up the ghost, whose miserable end deserves something more than a passing- notice. When removed from the old tumble down tenement in the city, where he was taken sick, he was covered with ra^s and vermin; yet this man was once a millionaire-hand some of person, a lady-killer too, " the glass of fashion and the mould of form." He was known here for many years as Baron Schultz, and had the distinction of being the last husband of Madame Anna Bishop, the great English soprano, who was once the wife of the celebrated composer, Sir Henry Bishop. No woman on the operatic stage in England had made such rapid strides in public favor as Anna Bishop. Blessed or cursed, as the case may be, with superb personal beauty and a phenomenal voice, she at once became the idol of the most aristocratic circle in England. Her husband had been knighted, and she was held in high favor by the Queen, who at that time was greatly taken with player folk, and who, it will be remembered, only a few years later adopted the only daughter of the distinguished actress, Mrs. Warner, and had her brought up with the royal children-an honor never before accorded to any British subject. Tt is impossible to imagine a person more delightfully situated than Madame Anna Bishop in the early forties. She had a beautiful home, blest with two lovely children, a husband who adored her, and an income derived from the exercise of her husband's ability and her j own, which enabled them to support an ; establishment of almost regal magnificence. In addition to her other accomplishments, which were many, she wanted to learn the harp for the purpose of introducing it in an opera which was especially written for her. At this time a celebrated harpist appeared in London by the name of Boeha, and he became Madame Anna Bishop's teacher. The difference between them was great; he was past sixty, heavy, fat, and cumbersome, his temper was irascible, and his manner j brutal. Sometimes when rehearsing with an orchestra, if an unfortunate musician missed a bar, or caused a discord, he would go into spasms, froth at the mouth, and act like a maniac. He had heavy over hanging brows, a great coarse mouth, and was altogether about as unprepossessing a person as one would desire to see. Madame Bishop, on the other hand, was finely shaped, trim built, with a handsome clear English face that won on you at first sight. Yet, marvel of marvels, this woman with everything to lose and nothing to gain, j gave up home, husband and children, all, ; and fled from England with this unsightly j old Gorgon. They came to New York and , opened at the old Park Theatre, then tinder the management of Thomas S. Hamblin. i The news of their escapade followed them aeross the ocean. The theatre was detected and the engagement a wretched failure. The unlucky and ill-assorted couple fled to Australia on borrowed funds, and for some years wandered about the antipodes. She also visited Mexico, California, and South America. Bocha's temper was uncontrol lable and for years before his death he abused her shamefully; but she clung to him with unshaken constancy till h"s death, which occurred in Australia, and she there raised a magnificent monument to his memory. Shortly after she met Mr. Schultz, who had made about a million dollars specula ting in Australian mines. Schultz was a plunger, and he became madly infatuated with the ancient opera singer, {she was past sixty and he about forty, but she added him to her previous conquests and they were married. Schultz became her manager, and at her death raised a costly monument to her memory. Some years ago he turned up in New York, and it was not long before he was known to the fast young men of the Tenderlion District. He sported fine turnouts, took an occasional hand at poker and faro, and at one time it was said fcha* he came near breaking John Morrissey's batik. He was seen with fast women in the parks, and plunged heavily on the racecourse, and after a time the end came. The ownor of a million once, became a hanger-on about low-class saloons, and a patron of free lunch counters. The man who had squandered hundreds of thousands, vainly begged pennies from passing strangers in the streets. Poor, dirty, ragged, this old tramp wandered about the streets, home less and deserted, who at one time had given grand parties at Delmonico's at a cost of thousands. This week the authori ties received notice that an old man was dying in a rookery across town. An ambu lance was called, and he was taken to Belle v us. His case developed into a malignant form of typhoid fever, and he was removed to th=* North Brothers Island, where he died. Potter's field will be his resting- place, along with the thousands of unnamed dead; and so passes away another millionaire, who was once the idolized husband of one of the most beauti ful and talented women in the world. 