THE- S T GREY ELL ER. THE PRIORY. GHOST. The one afternoon train was due at Middlef ord-a small, straggling and not very prosperous town, where terminated a branch line from a junction on the South Western Railway line for, which, after ]^|^;protracted opposition and delay, a grant had been obtained too late traffic having merged in the direction of a son wrong place. Middles ord! Middlef ord !" -As the train drew up at the platform, one passenger only a young man of about eight or nine and twenty, stepped out and stood for a few moments looking about him as if in some uncertainty. He was, in fact, debating with himself as to whether he would, after all, pay the chance visit he had gone there to make. He had not gone by invitation other than was conveyed in the words : " Don't forget to look me up if you chance to be anywhere in our neighbourhood, Mere- dith," spoken by a young fellow between whom and himself there had been some degree of intimacy at the University, as the two parted to go their different ways. The usual words, not generally estimated above their value and the idea of acting upon them had not occurred to Allan Meredith until he found himself stranded for some hours at the junction, and, turn-, ing over the leaves of Bradshaw, came upon the name of Middleford, and remembered that it was Laurence Verse hoyle's place. Finding that it was not more than five or six miles from the junction, and that the train was just starting, he had, on the impulse of the moment, taken a ticket and jumped in. He stood for another moment or two still hesitating, ' little imagining the influence his decision would have on his future life, and unable to account for his irresolution-a state of mind so unusual with him. He presently shook himself free of the feeling, and decided, since he had got so far, that he would go on. He inquired the way of the porter, who had been curiously eyeing him, and leaving his bag at the station set forth for the Priory. As he walked along the not very interesting country road, his thoughts reverted again to the man he was going to see What had become of him since they had parted three years previously Yerschoylo, the first favourite of his set who, with his good intellect, brilliant, witty, and versatile, had seemed capable of almost any mental feat ! True, he had done nothing beyond give the impression that he could do a great deal if he chose ; "and," thought Allan Meredith, carry home a sheaf of bills I expect. He ought to have been a moneyed man, and the one obliged to keep to the grindstone, perhaps. I don't know; the very necessity for doing something may have given him the kind of impetus he needed-to say nothing of having to keep up the stage of an ancient name, which must come spur to a man." He had reached the cross-roads land was recalling the somewhat vague directions the porter had given him. " Straight on till you come to a finger post that seems to point back to the station, but doesn't; take that road, sir-the Priory lane, it's called-until you come to a swing gate, leading into a field ; cross that, keeping the footpath to the left, and you, till you see a stile ; get over that, go through the lodge gates right opposite though it isn't a lodge now, and there ain't no gates, only posts-and up an avenue, where all the trees have been cut down and there you are. The old place you'll see before you is the Priory." Time and weather had effaced whatever information the sign post had once afforded, and there was nothing for it but to take the direction in which it pointed. He walked slowly on, speculating as to what sort of welcome he was likely to receive from Yerschoyle's people. How little he knew about them. Frank to effusiveness in some directions, Verschoyle could be reticent enough in others, and rarely alluded to his family. That he was an only son, and at his father's death had inherited but the wreck of a once large property, Allan knew. He had also heard that the widowed mother was still living. What was Verschoyle doing F-living upon the small property, farming the land, or had he, as he had sometimes talked of doings gone in for literature, and carried his wares to the London market P At that time his wares had appeared to Allan Meredith to be worth a great deal; but, with his three years added knowledge and experience he was now inclined to estimate them somewhat differently. Yerschoyle's intellect had, indeed, revealed itself chiefly by fitful flashes, brilliant and dazzling enough in their effect at the moment, but leaving no lasting impression of very high powers and this, with his mercurial temperament might render his success in the future doubtful. Allan Meredith had proceeded some distance and was beginning to think that he must have passed the swing gate, when on turning a bend in the lane, he saw a young girl walking in advance. He quickened his steps a little in order to overtake her, and make inquiry as to whether he was going in the right direction, noting, meanwhile, her general appearance so far as to infer that she was a farmer's daughter; or rather, as he thought with a half smile, what a farmer's daughter is conventionally supposed to be like. Thick leather shoes, a plainly made gown of some light grey stuff, and short enough for country walking ; a large brown straw hat, with neither flower nor feather to adorn-it and ungloved hands, in the one swinging by her side a strap buckled round two or three tattered looking books. After a moment or two he recognised something more. Taking note of the firm, light step, the carriage of the head, the perfect ease and freedom of the tall graceful figure, he mentally ejaculated: "A lady; aye, and with some individuality of her own, too !" His step had evidently not been heard on the soft, springy turf, and he was lessening the distance between them, some Curiosity now mingling with his desire for information, when she passed out of the fine and passed through a swing gate. Here she paused for a moment, looking back, and their eyes met, J Yes; just a face as he, a dreamer of dreams, had sometimes pictured to himself, but hardly hoped to see in the world of reality. A face too troubled for 1 her years-she looked- barely 18 hat how beautiful with its clear, steadfast eyes and general expression so simple, frank, girlish, and, at the same time so intelligent and thoughtful! She was regarding him with a surprised, question- ing look which reminded him that he was gazing too pertinaciously. A little consciously he lifted his hat and asked : " Can you direct me to the Priory P" " The Priory ?" she repeated, in a low voice, her eyes fixed more intently upon him, and her hand tightening on the gate. " Mr. Verschoyle's place. I was directed at the railway station, but do not feel sure that-" " Whom do you want to see there ?" she put in abruptly almost ungraciously. Nor was the tone assumed; this was not the girl to affect the brusquely of unconventionally it was rather that of one in deep anxiety, and unaccustomed to veil her thoughts. " Mr. Verschoyle," he replied. "On business the expression of dread, or whatever it was deepening in her face, white now to the lips ; as, on the impulse of the moment, she pressed back the gate as though to bar the way. " No," he murmured. To have brought such a look to such a face ! She still eyed him with the same un- quiet scrutiny, as though debating something in her mind ; then hurriedly asked, "But why ? Where do you come from." He might very well have asked what interest his relations with Verschoyle could have for her but he felt that there was some grave reason underlying her anxiety, and was not inclined to take offence. Moreover, there was no necessity for mystery on his side and therefore, he might as well reply openly and directly to her question. From Grayminster. My name is Meredith." " Are you a friend of his P Mr. Vers- choyle is my brother ;" still a little hesitatingly and, as it were, on the defensive. He raised his hat again. " We were at Wadham together, Miss Verschoyle, and, chancing to be in this neighbourhood, I thought I would look up for half an hour's talk over old times The colour came into her cheeks, and a smile to her beautiful lips, although both faded too quickly. "I remember your name now, Mr. Meredith. I have often heard my brother speak of son." moving aside for him to pass through the gate as she added, " If you will come with me I will show you the way." 2 He bowed, passing quickly through to her side. His indecision had entirely vanished now, and a visit to the Priory seemed the most desirable thing in the world. To think of Verschoyle not mentioning that he had a sister-and such a sister. " I fear I must have seemed terribly rude when you first spoke to me, Mr. Meredith," she said, looking up into his face with a smile, as they proceeded along the path that skirted the field. " The truth is, I was afraid that is, I thought you were someone else' flushing with the consciousness that she was saying more than she had meant to say. He hastened to assure her that it had been quite evident no discourtesy was intended, mentally, the while, congratulat- ing himself upon not being someone else," then quietly changed the subject, "I have not seen your brother since we left Oxford, Miss Verschoyle. Tour only brother is he not P" " Yes and I am his only sister. My mother, Laurence, and I live at the Priory." Mrs. Verschoyle is well, I hope?" with suddenly developed interest in everything that concerned her. i " My mother is no worse, I am glad to say, than she has been for the last five years. She is always an invalid." Had not Laurence told him that much P J "Was it anxiety about her mother's health that had brought that look to her face P" he was thinking. " No ; it must be something more than, or at any rate different from, the kind of trouble which might spring from such cause." He murmured a few words of sympathy, her clear eyes turned to meet his, with how different an expression from that he had first seen in them! There was even a little girlish fun in them, as she asked a " What kind of a place do you imagine the Priory to be Mr. Meredith P" "Well, one naturally attaches a little mediaeval romance to the idea of a priory ;" adding, after a moment's reflection there were certainly no signs of prosperity about her and it ought to be somewhat dilapidated, I suppose in the picturesque stage of decay. It must be difficult to keep those old places in repair." " Very," she replied, her face shadow log. Then, with a side glance at him, and again attempting a jesting tone she," went on: "Difficult, too, as it crumbles away paid room for. the ancient retainers, old pictures, heirlooms and the rest of it. Now prepare your mind, Mr. Meredith, when we turn this next bend-there is the Priory !" He was now prepared to see some dilapidated old place, but hardly for that which met his view. The Priory ! That desolate looking remnant of a building, standing forlornly against the summer sky ! Portions of the walls, some high, some low, and all of great thickness, still remained here, indicating the plan of the old Priory; but at this distance, even these seemed to form part of the surround- ing brickfields. By no effort of the imagination could the inhabited part of the building be supposed to be the abode of prosperous people. All was desolation and decay, without picturesqueness. Even the aspect of the grounds about it, which might once have lent their aid as a setting to the picture, seemed now only to accentuate the fallen fortunes of the house. Every acre of the ground about it, once of some extent and beautifully wooded, had been sold piecemeal-the greater part for brickfields. On the side they were approaching there seemed no redeeming feature in the dismal scene. No ; not likely to be spacious reception rooms for offices for an army of ancient retainers there! Courtesy itself was dumb! " The Verschoyles have not much left to be proud of, you see, Mr. Meredith. We are not invaded by picnic parties and artists in search of the picturesque ; but you see the worst of it from this side. At that moment the figure of a man was seen emerging from some side entrance, and hurriedly making his way towards the ruins in an oppposite direction from that whence they were approaching. " Laurence l" hurriedly calling out, as he seemed to take no heed. " A friend to see you." He turned; seemed to hesitate a moment; then came slowly towards them. As he drew nearer, and recognised who the visitor, was be hastened his steps, his whole face . brightening.- " Meredith !" he ejaculated, in a tone of relief. " Where have you sprung from? How are you, old fellow? Quite well" - - A Allan Meredith grasped the hand extended towards him, all the more heartily perhaps, because it was the hand of Miss Yerschoyle'sbrother, as he explained, " I was at the junction, and being so near, thought I would look you up." " Glad to see you, old fellow You know this is" my sister P" "Yes; Miss Yerschoyle was good enough to show me the way." She turned to leave them with the words : " Dinner will be ready in an hour, Laurence." "All right!" Meredith had time now to notice that there was the same expression of dread in the brother's face he had seen in the sister's, but with a difference. In her face it was simply fear in his it was this and something worse. Unlike his sister, looking straight at you in her trouble, his eyes were either downcast or averted ; shifting uneasily from one object to another. The whole man was changed it seemed demoralised-since Meredith had last seen him. His very figure had lost its elasticity, and become slouching and cowering. "What have you been doing with yourself the last three years P" asked Meredith. " Oh, all sorts of things, going to the bad, chiefly. Not much opportunity for doing that or anything else here, you may think," noticing the direction which the other's eyes took. s? No ; I have gone farther afield. Spent two years in London ; tried my hand at all sorts of things, and failed. I am a failure all round." "Nonsense, man ; if you take that tone you may be." "There is no other one to take, new," moodily. " Give up in that way with your abilities, and the world before you !" " It seems easy enough to you, I dare say. It did to me before I tried. There is no need for you to put your theories to the test, or you might find that men occasionally fail even though they have hands J and brains to work with. Some have to go down, and I'm one of them that's all !" "That is not Miss Yerschoyle's creed, I think?" " My sister ! She has been telling you about the wretched teaching business, I suppose ? She, at any rate, is not cursed with the family pride. I can't endure to see her go about giving lessons to the clodhopper round here. Does no end of drudgery about the house, too." It had come to this the sister was working for both; and Yerschoyle did not even see what his allowing her to do so meant " " What kind of pride was this ?" thought Meredith, his tone showing perhaps, a little of what was in his mind, as he gravely replied : "I can quite understand your objecting to that. You must let your friends use what interests they have to get you into something, Yerschoyle." "It would be of no use at any rate, until-no necessity for going into that," moodily kicking a stone across the path. What he wanted just then was money, and this was not the man to whom he could turn for that, with his talk about setting to work. How could he say to this man that he had squandered the last remnant of the small property which had come to him and that they were liable to be turned out of the old home, such as it was, at any moment now his invalid mother, and the sister who had striven so hard to keep things together unless he could obtain money to stave off matters, at any rate, for a time. Pressure was now being brought to bear upon him, and threats used that unless he paid off the sum of five hundred pounds a sum there seemed no possibility of procuring charges of fraudulent borrowing would be brought against him which he might find it difficult to combat in a court of law and he was living from hour to hour in fear of arrest. The Priory itself, and everything it contained of any value, to the last family portrait that hung upon the walls, had been either mortgaged or said. If a few heirlooms, in the way of carved furniture -a cabinet or what-not had been allowed still to remain, it was to, as long as possible, keep the knowledge of the worst from his mother and sister. He had, in the first few moments of their meeting, hurriedly speculated as to whether anything could be made out of the other's chance visit ; but Ms hopes, if they amounted to that had very quickly died as he remembered the past. There had been nothing large-handed or generous, according to his interpretation of the words, in Meredith. He had shown no inclination to part with his money without a quid pro quo, and lived as though he had not a pound to spare, instead of an income of some ten or twelve thousand a year. He had lost his father in his early boyhood, and the property, carefully nursed for him during a long minority, had largely increased. That like many who spend little upon themselves, Meredith could be even lavish- ly generous to others, and that there was none to whom one in need could so safely turn for help, Yerschoyle did not suspect. He would have been not a little surprised could he have known that many a man had to thank Meredith for help given just at the right moment, and given so quietly that none but the two most concerned were in the secret. Meredith, in fact, cared nothing for the luxuries of 7 life. Capable of doing his share in the world's work, steadily exercising his best faculties and mentally and physically invigorated by the process, he was almost unable to comprehend a man such as Yerschoyle had come to be. " No, it would be of no use," summed up Yerschoyle, eyeing him askance. " If I began to tell him about being in need of a few hundreds, he would want to know the whole story; and it would be no good trying to throw dust in his eyes. I wonder what he would do if I told him point blank that I am liable to be hauled off to gaol at any moment for lack of five hundred pounds ? Button up his pockets and scurry off without waiting to test the Priory hospitality, perhaps ; or worse still, begin to preach." (To be continued on Saturday.) 