A REAL SLICE OF LUCK. TOLD BY AN EX-DETECTIVE. It was the height of the season at Middlehamp- ton-on-Sea, when I found myself enjoying the blessings of a holiday. Weary in brain and body, I turned my back on the din and turmoil of London for a fortnight. As I sat in the train with my wife and family, I thought I had entered upon a new era of my life. I seemed to actually feel the weight of care and vexation rise from my shoulders ; for fourteen blissful days were my own, without the fear of being rung up at untimely hours. I had done for the nonce with stealing about dark and shadowy places in search of some miscreant, or, what is often just as tedious, tracking a thief in the guise of a gentleman from hotel to hotel. I remember on one occasion playing a game of hide-and-seek with one of this class, who led me a pretty dance. Wherever I put in an appearance, he had just disappeared, and never empty-handed ; but at last I ran him to earth at an hotel where a number of rich Americans were staying, and landed my fish, who gave in, like the common-bred article he was, the moment I hooked him. But this is passing. Everything had been arranged for our recep- tion at Middlehampton-on-Sea. The landlady doubtless took me for a well-to-do clerk, or something of that sort, and I flattered myself that in my brand-new tweed suit and straw hat the last thing people would take me for was an officer connected with the detective department. The tide of humanity seemed to me to be almost as wonderful as the tide of the ocean. There were, as a communicative beachman told me, " tons of visitors" present. They crowded the Esplanade ; they strolled and mooned about the High-street in hundreds, and pickled themselves in the briny in shoals. Being a sociable animal, I generally drop into the coffee-room of an hotel to enjoy a glass, a smoke, and a chat before going to bed, and in accordance with my custom, I strolled into the Norfolk, where I found a number of sea captains ashore, a few shipowners, and perhaps half a dozen local tradesmen, but no visitors. I felt disappointed, and thinking that I had hit upon the wrong place, emptied my glass, and was preparing to go, when there lounged into the room a tall, gentlemanly man. He was well and neatly dressed, from his collar down to his faultless boots, which fitted him like a pair of gloves. There was about him the air of an independent man who was killing time, and found that even an exertion and a bore. His cheek-bones were a little too high, his mouth too large, and his eyes too close to each other for my liking ; but Nature turned us out of a variety of moulds, and the man we dislike at first sight often carries a heart as true and honest as sterling gold. It was evident that the new-comer was expected. The local tradesmen nudged each other, the shipowners ceased poring over the " Shipping Gazette," and the sea captains forgot to talk wind and weather. In a few minutes I gathered that the gentleman rejoiced in the aristocratic name of De Caux, and had been staying at the Norfolk for a week. He was an ingenious man, and had taken everybody into his confidence. Mr Rox, the landlord of the hotel, bowed down before him, and the frequenters of the room hung on his very words, and not without reason, for Mr De Caux had been everywhere and knew everybody. He had hobnobbed with Ministers of the Crown, and might have sat in Parliament but for the fact that he had taken an oath not to meet a certain man ; and he had come to Middlehamp- ton-on-Sea for quiet and rest before starting on a long journey in his steam yacht, which, he stated, was then under repairs. I listened in amazement, not so much that the man should talk in this strain, but that others who had travelled the world over should believe one-half what he said. The character was not new to me. I had met many such a fellow, who, finding himself unexpectedly in the possession of a few hundred pounds, seeks some out-of-the- way place to astonish the natives and leave a record behind him. The habitues of the snug coffee-room treated me civilly enough, but in comparison to Mr De Caux I was a mere nonentity. By some means or other the conversation turned upon banks and banking. Rox, the landlord, joined in, and declared it was a crying shame that the branch of the L—— S—— W—— should only be open on Tuesdays and Saturdays. " I get so sick of it," he said, flourishing a long pipe, " that very often I don't trouble to bank for weeks, especially at the height of the season, when I can't call a moment my own until late in the evening. Just step round and see what my bars are like. You'll find 'em crammed with visitors, and I ought to be there now, but"—bowing deferentially to Mr De Caux—" since you have come among us, I can't resist the temptation of enjoying an hour in the society you have been good enough to give us." " Why don't you write to the directors of the bank and place your grievance before them ?" demanded the great De Caux. " I would. No doubt, Mr Rox, you have often large sums of money in your house ?" '' I should think I have ! Why, at the present moment—— Good evening, Mr Treller." Mr Treller was the superintendent of the police—a stout, burly man, blessed with a large bald head, staring eyes, and a painfully wheezy voice. Mr De Caux shook him cordially by the hand, changed chairs so that he might sit at his side, and ordered Mr Rox to fill a glass with some- thing which the superintendent seemed particularly partial to, for on its being supplied, he emptied the glass at a gulp and set it down. This feat seemed to Mr De Caux's mind quite a work of art, and the landlord's services were again called into requisition. Again the subject changed, and this time with regard to the number of police employed at Middlehampton-on-Sea. With a grunt, which Mr Treller meant for a laugh, he was good enough to inform us that the country authorities considered four men sufficient to protect six thousand souls while they walked abroad or slept in their beds. " You see, " he said, in that awful voice of his, " we are all honest here ; and as to the visitors, I hav'n't had a serious charge for years. Occasionally we get a drunken excursionist. but—bah !—that is nothing." And so they talked and drank and laughed until Mr Rox reluctantly told us that eleven o'clock had come, and that all but lodgers in the house must depart. I was the first to go, and as I walked in the moonlight to my lodgings, I laughed at what I had seen and heard. Perhaps it was just as well that Mr Rox and his customers were so simple- minded ; but I could not quite understand Mr Superintendent Treller, and I came to the conclusion that had Mr De Caux liked, he could have wormed out of him a good deal of information, which, if perhaps not exactly official, might prove extremely useful to an unscrupulous man. Early next morning I met Mr De Caux. We bathed from adjoining machines, and he, recog- nising me, hoped that he would have the honor of my company in the evening, which—save the honor—I stated he would undoubtedly have. Now it was no business of mine to make myself known to Mr Treller. Had I chose I could have done so, but my mind was not so bent. In the first place, I was on leave, and a free lance, and, secondly, I was not convinced that Treller—who was about as fit for his post as a log of wood—would not hint mysteriously at what I was, and render the remainder of my holidays extremely uncomfortable. For I must tell you that when a detective is at play there is as much difference in him as Philip drunk and Philip sober. He drops " shop" as he drops a hot coal, and it is with a growing despair in his heart that he counts the days to the one when he must again pick up the thread when leads so unfortunately to the dock and prison. The day passed pleasantly enough, and after a late dinner (we were quite genteel at Middle- hampton-on-Sea) I wandered about the esplanade alone. The tide was out, and growing tired of gazing at a mile or so of flat sand and sea-weed, it struck me that I should be wasting time in seeing what the town away from the High-street was like. But for one thing I was not repaid for my trouble. The thoroughfares were narrow, and the dwellings mostly small. The houses were full enough now, but I pictured to myself what they would be like in a few weeks' time, when sorrowing landladies sat in the back kitchens listening to the howling of the wind as it swept the desolate shore, and wishing that it was always summer, and visitors did not migrate with the regularity of swallows. An old sign stretching half a across one of the streets attracted my notice. The house to which it was attached had gables, which hung frowningly over like heavy eyebrows ; the door was arched, and lest people should pass it heedlessly by, the proprietor had caused to be painted on it the inscription, " The Old White Bear. Good entertainment for man and beast." I was pondering on the age and history of the house, when the curiously-shaped door opened and a man stepped cautiously out, and in spite of a soft felt hat pulled well over his eyes, I recognised the celebrated Mr De Caux. Of course, he had as much right to explore the interior of The Old White Bear as I had to stare at the exterior, yet it struck me as rather strange that so distinguished a personage should find his way there. He did not notice me, but walked swiftly towards the High-street, and no sooner was he out of sight than I stepped into the hostelry—or, rather, I should say, I fell in ; for, not noticing that two steps had to be negotiated, I went a crash against the counter. " Upon my word," I said to the grinning landlord, " I ought to apologise for startling you." " Oh," he replied, " we get used to that sort of thing. My only hope is that you have not hurt yourself. I think I must have the floor raised level with the road." " And high time," I rejoined, laughing. " Well, thank goodness no harm, is done ; so draw me a good glass of ale, and I'll sit down and forget that I have had a shaking." " Won't you walk into the parlor ?" inquired the landlord. " You will find it less draughty than sitting here." I accepted his invitation, and on entering the room found myself in the presence of two men. The moment I appeared they rose to depart ; but before they had time to pass out of the door, I had taken stock of them. The contrast between them was great. One was short, thickset, with arms out of proportion to his height ; the other was tall, slim, thin- featured, and shambling in his gait. " I suppose," said I, as the landlord brought in the ale on a tray, " that you are not much troubled with visitors ?" " They drop in and out," he replied ; " but I don't take much notice of them. The two just left are strangers to me. You see, sir, I depend on the inhabitants for my living, and the seasons don't make much difference to my trade." " I ran against another fellow as I was coming in," I said, " and I fancied I had seen him somewhere." " Most likely. He went into the parlor, and got into conversation with the others, as people will do at the seaside. For my own part, I scarcely ever leave my house, save on Sunday afternoon, when I take a stroll for my health's sake ; so it is not likely that I take much notice of people who come and go." I drank up my ale and wandered back to the busy part of the town. What I had seen set me thinking. I remembered what Mr Rox, of the Norfolk, had said about keeping a great deal of money in the house, and I meditated on the popularity of Mr De Caux, who had set up his altar in the smoking-room for the simple-minded people to bow down to. " Come, come," said I ; " this won't do. I am down here to enjoy myself and mind my own business. What an ass I am to fret and fume about people I have never seen before ! It is quite within the bounds of possibility that I have been spotted by a constable in private clothes, so I will let Mr De Caux go his own way, and I will go mine." It was just nine o'clock when I approached the Norfolk. Sounds of hilarity floated from the half open window. Mr De Caux was telling one of his famous stories, and had " set the table on a roar." Mr Superintendent Treller was in a painful state of mirth. Tears ran down his cheeks, his fat sides shook, and every now and then he kicked spasmodically, as if he were going to have a fit. " I assure you it is true," said Mr De Caux. " I saw it with my own eyes." A perfect shriek went up at this, and Mr Rox was so overcome that he bit off the end of his pipe and narrowly escaped swallowing it. I concluded that, by being a little late, I had lost a good thing. Every body said so, too, and I had to be content with listening to the story second-hand. What it was about I forget now, save that it was as truthful as the punishment of the man in the moon for gathering sticks on Sunday. I pretended to laugh with the rest, and Mr De Caux was in such good humor that he insisted on the glasses being refilled, not only once, but twice and thrice. I regret to say that Mr Treller got exceedingly mellow, and volunteered to sing a song, whereupon the landlord fled in disamay, and the rest of the company coughed behind their hands. As I was passing out, Mr De Caux stopped me in the doorway. " I have taken a fancy to you," he said. " You have not said very much, but I know a man of the world when I see one. Now," he added, looking at me out of the corner of his eyes, " I should say that you either hold or did hold a commission in the army." " You flatter my appearance," I responded. " To the best of my knowledge, I have never drawn a sword in my life." " Then I am vastly mistaken. But surely you have been in some official capacity ?" " I am afraid I know more of pickles and jams than what you are talking about." " I don't care what you are," he replied, pressing my hand warmly. " I have taken a liking to you, and that is sufficient. Hang it, what does it signify how a man gets his living so long as he is a man ? Will you go for a drive with me in the morning ?" " With the greatest of pleasure," I said—and I meant it. Little did he or I think what sort of drive we were to take, and how advantageous it was to prove to one of us. That night I slept but little, and when I did my dreams were of such a troubled nature that in the morning I found myself, unrefreshed and with a singing in my ears which promised to develop into as nasty a headache as ever man was afflicted with. I don't know what possessed me, but as soon as I had gone through the farce of breaking my fast, I stepped over to the post-office, and wired the description of Mr De Caux to the chief then in charge of the " Yard." The clerk who took the message was visibly affected as he counted the number of words. The pencil jumped about the paper like the indicator of a telegraph instrument. " I'll attend to this myself," he said. " Will you wait one minute, sir ? I should like to have a word with you." In a few minutes he returned, and leaning over the counter, said : " Perhaps you don't know that a burglary was commited at the Norfolk last night. The thieves broke open the safe, stole all the money, and then had the audacity to enter a gentleman's bedroom, and not only walked off with his watch and chain, but a Gladstone bag containing jewellery and valuables to a considerable amount." A long course of training and experience had taught me never to betray astonishment, but on this occasion I think I must have done so, for I found myself clutching at the edge of the counter with one hand and rubbing my throat with the other. " Indeed," I said. " Well, send the reply over to the Norfolk. I will go there at once." On the doorstep stood poor Mr Rox, De Caux and Superintendent Treller. Rox was as pale as a ghost, Treller looked perfectly greasy with perspiration, and De Caux was laying down the law in no measured style. " A nice thing this is for me !" he was saying. " I don't care so much about the value of the things, but they were nearly all heirlooms. There was a mourning-ring which I would not have parted with for twice a hundred pounds. Why the deuce," he added, turning furiously upon Rox, " don't you have your side windows fitted with shutters ?Any boy with a putty- knife could force back such a fastening." Mr Rox remained silent. Speech had almost failed him since the discovery of his loss. The burglars had entered the house by a window under the archway, and entering the office, had made a clean sweep of everything worth taking. The safe, a very old one, had given the burglars but little trouble, and a trifle over two hundred pounds had been extracted. The watchless and heirloomless De Caux appeared to be half mad with grief and rage. " This," said he, " comes of carrying my heart on my sleeve. This is the result of talking before strangers. Oh, the fool I have made of myself !" Just then I espied the telegraph boy, and met him half way. To tear off the buff cover and read the contents of the message was but the work of a moment : " The man is wanted. Detain him." That was enough for me. I strolled calmly back, with my hands in my pockets, and humming the air of a popular tune. Treller now stood alone in the doorway, and I beckoned to him. " I haven't time to talk to you or anybody," he wheezed. " Pray don't bother me. My men are scouring the country, and I am just going to wire to Scotland Yard." " I have saved you the trouble by doing so, I said. " You !" The color died out of his face, and he tilted backwards on his heels. " Yes. Pardon me, Mr Treller, but I think you have lost your head. Step up to the station and bring a pair of handcuffs. I have more than ample reason for remaining here. My name is Y——, and I have been connected with the detective department for more than twenty years." Mr Treller ran—yes, he actually ran—for the first time in the memory of living man. Tradesmen rushed to their shop-doors and watched him in open-mouthed amazement, and the wag of the place promptly put it about that the superintendent had started training for the sports advertised to take place in a week's time. I entered the hotel, and found De Caux in earnest conversation with the landlord. " I consider," said the former, " that you have been greatly to blame, and it will be my duty to bring an action against you. Under the circumstances, it would be idle of me to stay here, so I will go to London, and return in a few days." " Business calls me to town," I remarked, " so perhaps you will not mind travelling with me. I stepped in to sympathise with you"—— " Pray don't," De Caux interposed, waving his hand. " Well, well ! Excuse my brusque- ness, but you cannot tell how upset I am." Just then Superintendent Treller came back. He was melting like butter in the sun. I gave him a look to keep silence, as I wanted to give De Caux time to pack up the rest of his belongings. The moment he went up stairs I drew the superintendent aside. " I have altered my mind," I said, " At present I have no real clue to who the man is, so I intend to shadow him in the hope of dropping on his companions with the swag. Give me the handcuffs, and wire to Horsford for a constable to meet me at the station in case I should need his assistance." The superintendent made no demur. After his unwonted exertions he was in a land of dreamy state, and could only hope that I would be successful. Half an hour later De Caux and I were on our way to London. At the terminal we parted, but not for long. No sooner was he in one hansom than I was in another. The driver knew me, and took the hint at once when I said " Follow." For the best part of an hour we rattled through the streets of London, until the hansom containing De Caux bowled into a road flanked with neat villas and came to a stop. " Pull round sharp," I said, pushing up the trap ; " I have seen enough. Now drive me to H—— street station." A dozen words with the inspector on duty put half that number of men in private clothes under my direction. De Caux, or whatever was really his name, was now as safe as if held in a vice with a giant at the handle. All day he lay quiet, as he did in the evening. About ten o'clock a girl dressed as a servant out for the evening left the house. She was followed by a " shadow," who reported that she had left a note at a house in J—— street, and had then taken a tramcar for the northern part of London. Opposite Mr De Caux's villa was an empty house, and there I and my assistants watched and waited. Midnight came, and then out went the lights on the other side. I had begun to think that nothing would come of our patience, when the sound of wheels broke upon my ears. A four-wheeled cab came jolting along, and to my great joy stopped at the suspected house. Two men stepped out. One carried a parcel and the other a Gladstone bag. They went boldly up to the door and knocked, and at the moment it was opened I and my men darted across the road. Blows, curses, and a good deal of struggling followed, but the fight ended entirely in our favor, and I had the satisfaction of escorting the famed De Caux and the two men I had met at the old White Bear to the station. The " swag" was almost intact, and the despair of the prisoners unique. I need not enlarge on what followed, but explain briefly that De Caux, whose name afterwards transpired to be a very common one indeed, was nothing more nor less than the pioneer of a clever gang of burglars. The " put up" job at Middlehampton-on- Sea was one of the cleverest I had ever to deal with. De Caux, as I will call him, let the burglars in, and while they were at work went calmly back to bed. To keep up the part he was playing, his accomplices walked off with his watch and chain and Gladstone bag, which, however, did not contain a valuable mourning ring, or anything of value. Mr Rox got the most part of his money back, and spent a portion of it in having his windows better protected, and I don't mind saying that he did not forget your humble servant. It was, indeed, a real slice of luck all round, save to poor Treller. That unhappy man never got over how he had been taken in. The notion that he had hobnodded and made friends with a notorious rascal was more than he could stand, and after a short time he " handed his papers in" and retired. It was time he did so ; but, if I am not mistaken, so far as sharpness goes, I fear that the race of Treller is not yet extinct.— " Weekly Budget." 