SUPERNATURAL VISITATION ON THE MURCUISOX. A GHOSTLY APPEAHAVCE. The following, from the (ten of Mr. 1!. C. Cox, who recently visited the Murchisou district, in this colony, uppcars in au Adelaide exchange : —" The overseer of an out-station on the Murchisou and I have just come iuio camp, after being out tracking horses. Three or four nig gets belonging to the station were camped a mile down loouarbie Creek. We had fin shed supper aud were sitting alongside the camp lire atiout 8 o'clock, the moou just set. calmness rcipning sublime, broken only by the tinkle, tinkle, of a horse or sheep bell, and the chirp from a cricket, when we were start el by shrinks froiu the niggers, who came flying into camp and dropped down on all foul's behind us and the lireakwind fireplace. ' On questioning the darkies about this outcry aud rush a'l we could get from the trembling anil paralysed blacks tvas* Mundong. mundong,' the m°atiii'g of which is ghost or spirit, something uncommon at any rate. They pointed to a faintlight half-a-mile from the camp amongst thv niulg«t6 where, sure enough, we could see something like a iirestick, 6uch as the niggers generally carry when going into the bush after dark, just trailing along quite gently about a foot from the ground. All at ouue it stopped, and simultaneously there flickered all round us similar lights, about a dozen in all, and some distance apart. I can assure you we two felt a bit tremulous, as everything was done so noiselessly and mysteriously that it had quite a weird effect. At hist my mate pulled out his revolver and tired at the nearest Light, and hardly had the report died away when every light was extinguished. We tried our utmost to get the niggers to go back to their tuiamin*, but they would not move from the shelter of our camp. Next morning wc inspected the sight of the previous night's mysterious illuminations, and there, sure enough, were the remains of the fires, but not one single track or footprint could we or the station niggeis find, and there lies the mystery. Vou will find that no bush black will travel about the bush for this very dread of the mundong. Another time a lubra came in from the bush with bcr piekaninnie and wonga, and stated that she had seen the mundong running that same d»y along the creek. Questious elicited the information that thi6 supernatural being was like an " emu with a blackfellow's head." 