MELBOURNE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) The testimony of Mr. L. M. Sboo- bridgc, the well-kuown Tasmaninn orchardist, who returned from England lust week, having gone home chiefly to inquire into the prospects of the fruit export trade, is of much interest just ; now. Speaking with reference to his , own colony, Mr. Shoobridge says, I " Our only chance is with apples, but i I fancy, that in Victoria you will , eveutu illy find your best trade in grapes, and . I should be slow to! acknowledge failure in making test shipments, for I believe they can be ; carried all right. There is a very! forgo market for apples if they could j 'l»A Pnlrl iintnll n t 0,1 a»Q1 .7 11. I ouiu.icttui <iu u u uiUoU jjui iu> uuu ivith 4s 6d freight on a 40 lb. case and the cost of picking, packing, cases and general charges bringing from 7s to 7s 6d, we cannot afford to expand. As tbe retail price for fruit in London is about 50 per cent, more than tbe wholesale price, you will be able to judge what chance we have of u large trade with , present - charges. In the West End they can afford to- pay fancy prices in small lots, but the demand there is soon met, and if you send apples to the Northern towns expressly they must be cheap. To take a fruit- broker's list as a guide to future planting would bo altogether mislead ing, as the small parcels invariably bring the best prices. Thus, if yoff put a shipment .of ten cases of scarlet penrihains and 1000 cases of rhymers, -the former- will bring the best prices, - but if the" bulk were reversed the prices wonld be reversed, too. The favorite apple in British trade is a bard fleshed happy; apple, of slightly acid flavor, but though they, like a highly colored ajipfo as a fufojfthere is l no constancy in this particular pre ference, and last year, yellow apples, such as Newton pippin's, were fetching better prices than the pearinaiiis. As soon as an appie.gets common xuere is a desire for a change. Provided an apple fills tbe requiremonts with regard, to firmness and flavor, tlie name is not a matter of: consequence, but unless new sorts are in small lots there is a dislike to experiment with theui. We shall be able, I think, to save in one or two details, bat the two big considerations are, having to sell so. far below -the retail price for a big trade and tbe heavy freights. I told English fruit brokers that in a little time Australia would bo able to supply them all, the apples they can sell, and the1; all say that when it comes to patting ,50,000 . cases a week on the market the rates must come down." With reference to shipping rates, Mr. Shoolbridge says, "The companys hold out very little hope of coming down much. They get SOs. per, ton (space is all taken bjr measurement), for the carriage of meat, and if we want to displace meat, which is a handy cargo, we must pay. 90s. per ton. The only hope I can see at present is that the colonies may come together and couple the mail contracts with a regular fresh food service, in which a forge space will be guaranteed at minimum rates, as snggested by the last postal con ference. If we are to get any reason able share of the British markets, we must work together. I have felt ashamed when I heard Englishmen" laughing over the idea of the Aus tralian colonies building up tariffs ntrainsf e.ieb other. Tnev tliono-bt- il. \- O J . O " childish and ridiculous. The sooner we .have intercolonial freetrade, the better for our reputation. J ast now we are a laughing stock." To many people the exportation of fruit from the Australian colonies to .England appears very much like send ing coals to Newcastle, and only the other day the following pertinent ques tion .was put to me by a gentleman in the city : " How is it that fruit can be exported from Aastralia to the United Kingdom at a profit, after paying freight, insurance, dock and other dues, and allowing for loss by depre cation, when whole acres of apple orchards of choice varieties in England cannot he sold at a profit, and within the last few years the owners have had to cut down full bearing trees, and tarn the ground into pasture?" The answer to the first part of the question is that our apples arrive in England after tho home season closes, and con sequently there is a demand for the fruit; but I cannot explain the free cutting down of full bearing trees in England. If my questioner is correct in his statement, then the position appears a very puzzling one, in face of the fact that Canada export large quan- ILU1GO HUH UUO seasons of the two countries are the same, Australian apples generally arrive in England in a sound condition while the English fruit preserved from the past season must, under the most advantageous circumstances, be with ered to some extent and therefore not equal to the Australian article. It is gratifying to announce that the draft scheme in connection with the reconstruction of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company Limited, which has been delayed by the holiday season in London, is now i completed, and has been fully approved j by the several groups interested therein. : It is anticipated that the scheme ver- j bacim will be telegraphed to Melbourne | dnring. the next week, and as the j terms of the arrangement are practi- j cally settled, it will not take long to ; complete the necessary formalities. The first volume of Mr Stead's latest journalistic venture, " Borderland," is oreating a stir, and already a number of gentlemen are forming a 'Psychical Research Society in Melbourne, on tbe j lilies of the parent society in London. " Study of Spooks " will be the first business which the Society will take, up, and it is not anticipated th.at there ; will be any difficulty ;n quipkly en rolling a large number, of citizens who will eagerly en for into the investigation I ! The majority of . people scoff at the .statements made by spiritists, "out the i fact undoubtedly remains that very ' strange things do take place at seances, and are vouched for by persons of un impeachable character. " People who argne against the authenticity of ghosts, on the ground that they- violate the known laws of matter, reason on -the assumption that there are nol laws of matter which they do not know, or, in othor words, that there are no more discoveries to-be made in tbe domain of the invisible." These are the en couraging words with which a leading journal greets the new society in Mel bourne, whoso members will enter upon their investigsVtibns into the mystic in the 'Iramb ;oE mind, which Isaac Newton was in when he said : AU UljfoUlL X bcUUl LU UcLYU UCA'U tls U» j child playing on the sea shore, while the immense ocean of truth lay unex- I plored before me." Before Mr Stead I launched " Borderland " - he issued a prospectus ot the journal to every eminent man in England, and asked for- an expression of opinion on the project. Most of the replies were of a discouraging character. One professor of chemistry wrote : " I am inclined to fear that tbe publication of your " Borderland," however well inten- tioned, may tend to increase the population of our lunatic asylums;" and a Roinau Catholic Bishop expressed himself in this way : " The intelligence yon speak of (automatic writing) is no other ihan the Devil, and if yon con tinue- such unlawful intercourse with the , unseen, you will necessarily be misled to your rain 'by the enemy of God, tho murderer of souls, and the liar from the beginning." ' Lord Cran- brook, a veteran in his SOth year, Sent,, the following- touching reply tj Stead : " The questions mooted have hot. oc cupied: thy serious attention, and as I am on tho border, I must wait for the crossing to learn;" v . ' Tlie latest testimony in; support of the belief that the spirits of the dead ;UO VlSlL blllS BUrCu IS. IIILQ1SU6U 111 COQ : Dectiou with . the death of Admiral Tryon. At Lady Tryon's party given on the evening of the fatal collision between the Victoria and the Camper- down, a well-known: lady saw the fignrp of the AdmiraLon the staircase. She was greatly, surprised, and coming across a friend told her what she had seen, adding " I must go and tell Lady Tryon what a pleasant surprise she has given us all, and I must fiud Sir George to speak to him." Upon this the second lady said, " Do not say any thing to Lady Ti-yon. I saw Sir George too, and I spoke to her, and she seemed annoyed. She said, ' It was all nonsense, as Sir George was with his ship'," 