an wheels of fire. 1 CHAPTER XV.— (CoNTRaran.! BY J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY, f f u He Dead T An Exoellent Knave," "SweetisHevenge," "A Modern Avtft Magician," 4 That Villain Borneo," etc. hb faxcied xie beheld the features of the bead. Jacob Selwyn oould not at nrst realise ttie nse of her words, but when it broke upon him bis first though! was one of pity for her. "My poor child, my own darling, did the fiooundrel dare to wrong you ? O God, that pich a villain should live," he said, tighten- hifl arms arouid her aB if to protect hor against thewoiid and to shelter her in inhis heart. 44 Oh father, I loved him once only too well." she said between her sobs, 44 and I thought myself his wife until the hour I left him. You beliere me — you believe that ?" .« Vm Stella. I know you would not do wrong. Tbe sin ie not yours, but his, and he will reap its punishment — the ecoundrel !" 44 Don't talk of that, dear." <4Thank God you have come back to ire," ho replied, kissing her once more. 44 Oh, thbt I were near the villain, I would take bis life. Such vermin should not be permitted to live," he cried out, hiA eyes bright from ex citement, his usually pale face flushed with anaer. his limbs trembling from emotion. Stella sank into a chair exhausted . and her -father peeing how worn and weary Fhe looked brought bee wine, whioh be forced her to drink, and food which he pressed her to eat. Tbe woman who attended on bis own modest wants had gone home for the night, and no one had seen Stella enter the cottage. Then he threw some wood npon the fire, for tbe evenintr was raw and damp, and made her sit In his own great chair beside the hearth. The ruddy glow of the blaze fell warmly ou the familiar walls, and glistened on the glass of thoold engraving and wool-worked pictures, and tinged the pale, earnest face whose eyes were fixed anxiously upon her. All remained untouched and unaltered as when she had left ; all that had happened rince her departure might have been a dre: m, from which ihie wab the tardy awakening. Would it had been a dream, and not a terrible reality. Presently when she had laid aside her bonnet and cloak, and had somehow mastered the choking sensation in her throat, ebe told her father the history of her life since she had quitted his home ; told him of her journey to London ; of being met at tbe station by Crawford and driven through a wilderness of close street sand busy thorough fares, until they arrivedatthat darkandgloomy house he called his own, where a man dressed as a parson awaited them and read tbe marriage service ; of their departure for Switzerland and their travels through foreign lands. - Then she dwelt Badly on the eventng of their arrival at Milan and his receipt of a certain totter, from which time'bis manner had changed towards her ; she mentioned their stay in Paris, and finally she spoke of that miserable day at Boulogne, when he told her she was not his wife ; of her fruitless ap peal, of the arrival of Arthur Ferrars, and of the false statement she had made to him. 44 You should have told Arthur the truth, and let, him give the scoundrel the chastise ment he deserved," said tbe schoolmaster, whose agitation scarce permitted him to speak. " But there would have been bloodshed, and I would not have tbe friend who sought to avenge me injured, nor yet the man who wronged me." 41 1 will find him myself, and give him the punishment he deserves from a father's hands," Jacob Selwyn said, pacing the room backwards and forwards, forgetfulof his age and lack of strength in his righteous desire to bring the betrayer to book. Then pausing, he asked, 44 Where » Arthur now?" 4 1 don't know," answered Stella, adding after a pause, ' ' I cannot bear to see him again. Only now, when I myself have been deceived, do I realise tbe wrong I did him. No, we must meet no more. No more," and tears streamed down her cheeks. 44 He would not resent your leaving him, he would only pity yon, my dear child— my poor Stella." 41 But don't yon understand, father, that his pity would be hardest to bear P" she cried out. 44 But ; Jare say you will have to meet him some day." 44 Not necessarily,' ebe replied. M How ia that, Stella ?" " Because, dear father, I don't intend to remain here.' 4 4 Where would you go?" he asked, anxiously. 44 Anywhere into the world where I am un known. By my own foolish act I have cut rnyaeli adrift from my happy and innocent past. No one here would believe my story ; or if they did they would mock me for think ing I had married above my station . Women are ornel to eaoh other, especially in such a jaw as mine. The girls I once play with are happy wives, and honored mothers, whilst 1 —whilst I — 41 she covered her face, and her -oe&teooe; remained unfinished. " My dear child, ypu mistake ; no one voold be bo blaok-hearted as yon imagine ; they oould not, they dare not, msnlt you." ' Yon judge people too gently, father. I ooaldnotbearto bringBhamenponyon, who ore respected and loved by everybody, nor conld I endure the oontempt or compassion of those vdio were onoe my friends. Anything hut that — anything but that." 44 Bnt what would yon do, Stella?" 44 Go quietly away to-morrow or next day. t. ne® hnow my atory ; we will let wem think I ran down from town to see yon sor a few hours, and that I have gone back to him. I can teach or I can work, and no doubt, in London I shall soon find some em- ployment. There at all events I can keep any secret," 44 And you would leave me?" the sohool- master said, reproachfully. 44 Because it would be best for you, dear." he replied, striving to be brave when most tempted to be weak. "Stella, my dear," he said, tenderly, as ttiog beside her he took her hands in his. "yon are the only child I have to love in all e world, and without yon life would be more cheerless than the grave." She flung her arms ronnd his neok and kissed him again and again. 4 It was for your sake, dear, as much as "I JD» I thought of leaving yon,' Stella replied, but if yon wish It I will remain mere, and we shall not be parted. Perhaps it should bear what I deserve." No, we shall not be par tad,11 he repeated, and then after a straggle he added, 44 bnt yon meed not remain here, dear." "What do you mean, father?' she asked, Hoping down bar tears. " Tiult ybandl will go .broad into tbe "t begin life anew." Wo. dqer, loanot aoo.pt tbe Norifioe," y« rejoinpd. " I oould oot take yon away thle.peeoafnl villain whioh yoo love. vrom tbe <fld college friend who ia to you a JJ w, Jfrom tbe kindly neighbor who ",lu 13"' ' 1-001 yon bold dear, in order 326) to bring you into a strange world and amongst strange people. No, dear, I am not so selfish as that." 44 Bnt you are more to me than friend or neighbor." 44 1 will stay here with you," she answered, calmly. 44 No, Stella, now when you have told me the pain it would oost you, I would not have you remain. Together we will go into the world, where none will know of tho wrong you have suffered, where a new life, and perhaps a happier, will open before as, in which the past may be blotted from your memorv. or remembered as a troubled dream." 44 Ifow brave and unselfish you are, father, and how weak and ungrateful I have been," 6be answered, striving to smile upon him. 44 No, dear, not unselfish, for it would pain me to see yon slighted or made to suffer here ; an 1 then I should not bo separated from you ; so that you see I am utterly selfish after all." But ibis sophistry could not deceive ber, nor could his gentle smile hide the pain it eonght to conceal. Knowing what this determination must have secretly cost him, she was overoouie by gratitudo and remorse, and laying her bead on his breast aba sobbed like a child. He did not seek to check bcr tears, knowing they would relieve her heart, and not until they had almost ceaeed to flow did he say, MYe must never part again, Stella." 44 Never," she answered, 44 so long as God in His mercy will leave us together." Then they eat by tho fire, side by side, as in the olden time before the joy of that new love which so soon had turned to misery had filled her heart ; making plans for the future and picturing to themselves the life that lay before them. Yet nothing did they Bee so strange where all must needs be novel, noth ing did they imagine so eventful where much | must be of import, as that which afterwards befel them. CHAPTER XVI.—' The New Eaul Re turns. On his return to London the new Earl of Redfriars drove to the rooms recently oc cupied by his brother. No unpleasant thoughts of the tragedy whioh had occurred there hindered him from taking possession. Weary of hotel life he contemplated settling down here in peace. He had neither apart- menU nor habitation of his own, and he was aware that his brother's flat, which was leased lor the next two years, was comfort able. On his arrival he was met by his brother's servant, Wbyman, a tall, grave man of more than middle age, with a well-set, upright figure, dark, clean-shaven face and steady brown eyes expressing force, reflection and reserve. By arrangement with Myles New bury he had remained aa caretaker of his late master's rooms until the coining of the new earl, who had the option of retaining his services. A telegram having prepared him for the return of Lord Redfriars, Wbyman bad set all tilings in order ; fires blazed in dining, sitting and bed roomB, the dinner table was bud, and that meal already ordered from a neighboring restaurant. Redfraire being sensitive to snrroundinge was pleased by these attentions. The look of warmth, the air of snngness, the appearance of solid comfort were most agreeable to him after the chill statelinees, dreary splendor and draughty sp&oiouBneas; of foreign apartments. 41 Dinner ready, Whyman?" Redfriars said, looking round with satisfaction. 44 It will be served immediately, my lord," tbe man answered, and then noiselessly dis appeared. By the time the oarl had olianged his olothes the soup was on the table, and then followed a meal such as was sure to commend itself to a traveller, light, dainty and ap petising. The wines were well aeleoted and tbe cigars which Whyman produced were of excellent brand. The new peer thoroughly enjoyed himself and Btretohed his lees under the table with an air of satisfaction, as he re flected that his brother had done a wise thing in removing himself from the path of one who could better fill hie place. Physically they had been as much alike as twins; their height, build, com plexion and gait being so similar that ono was continually mistaken for the other, much to the elder man'e-displeaeure. But here all resemblance between them ended ; for mentally and morally they wore as diverse as tho poles. There was little to recommend and much to condemn in the charaoter of the S resent peer. Sceptical in all things he had ttle belief in the virtue or honor of man or woman. Selfishness being the dominant note io his nature he had never hesitated to infliot on others tbe pain or misery which lie shrank from enduring himself Reckless in his ex travagance he had plunged deeply into debt, careless of to-morrow and its consequences so long as he reaped enjoyment to-day. The late 'Lord Redfriars bad been grave and thoughtful from his youth ; given to study, interested in scieooe, philanthropic. No scandal bad ever been associated with his name; he bad injured no man ; wronged no woman. Soon after his thirtieth year he had suoceeded his spendthrift father, and recognising the re sponsibility of his position and the em barrassed state of bis affairs he had striven hard by retrenchment and caro to lilt tbe heavy load of debt from his ancestral acres. His natural love of retirement, his in- diffAnmnA to luxurv. his hatred of diaplay. rendered this task more easy of accomplish ment to him than to an individual of a different disposition; yet for one man to undo what generations had done, was a difficult task. There was hope, however, of eventual success, and it could not have been either depression or despair on this ground that had driven hira to the terrible act by which he hod ended his life. The deed was so out of keeping with bis charaoter, so wholly unlike what might have been expected of him, that at times doubts had risen in his brother's mind as to whether the murder was self -inflicted or not. But on this point neither tbe dootors nor the jury had hesitated ; the manner in whioh tbe pistol wound had been infiiotad dearly pointed to suioide ; there was no motive for murder perceptible, none oould be supposed or imagined, nor could the act have been committed without the knowledge of Why- man, a faithful and devoted servant. Was there mystery here why had tho late lord, at a moment when he had the prospect of a happy marriage with the girl beloved, and when his eoonomy and manage ment were bearing fruit on tho estates— why had he taken his life? Was there some epeotre of the past whioh he dreaded ? Sorely not for his life had been blameless. Was there aught in his future he feared so mucb M to male him flee from its coming ? Such thoughts and questions continually presented tnemselveti before his successor's mind ; not that tho latter cared much, whether remorse or terror or suffering had betot his brother and driven hitn to a desperate end, but that some vague idea oontinually haunted him, kMever it was that bad cast its shadow on toe dead man s path and exercised so terrible au effect, might some day all unex pectedly cross his own. Even as he lay back in his chut enjoying , dinner cigar and dwelling on his promising future, such thoughts beset him, end to escape from them he rose and entered the sitting-room. The flat was situated on the first floor of one of those grey, solidly- b iii it houses erected two hundred years ago in Hanover-square. The apartment boasted that spaciousness and loftiness unknown to modern mansions ; ceilings and cornices were elaborately ornamented; the walls covered with oak panelling, fortunately preserved from the desecration of the paint brush, the windows high, narrow and deeply recessed. An atmosphere pervaded thein such as be came their age and associations. Histories they surely had of paramount interest to those who figured io them, but all forgotten now. Generations had entered and quitted life within their precincts ; the walls had heard strange taiee, h&dechocd; with laughter and song, with wailing and with sighs ; the windows, like great staring eyes, had gazed on many a changing scene. Ghosts may have, in the dull watches of the night, thronged toe wide passages, or glided through thoseheavy doors with their deep mountings of tarnished brass. Tbe long and narrow sitting-room which Lord Redfriars entered was lighted by stan uaru <«ai(iN, nm-rrrs oi canaies, ana oy a bright fire hhz ng in tho broad grate beneath a noble chitrnev-piece of white marble, time- stained ana delicately carved with wreaths of flowers uphe'd by corpulent Cupids, and satyrs eternity kerfbg at ec&ntity-clad; nymphs. Above, in a massive gilt frame, hung a portrait of tbe eleventh earl, who had bo royally wasted his substance in roysterons living ; facing him ou the opposite side of the wall was bis long-suffering wife. Curtains of faded brown velvet were drawn across windows and doors; well-stocked book shelves filled recesses made by the projecting fireplace : an escritoire Mack with age stood _1_ " I J1 1 wuse 'fj , uuu uejoua were CBumevB ncn in old Italian carving, their tops supporting terra-cotta etatuettes and Belgian pottery, whose deep blue color and quuint graceful Bhapea stood out against the sombre back ground of the panelling. Notwithstanding the yellow streaming from the lamps and candles, and the ruddy reflection from tho fire, tbe apartment had something gloomy in its appearance that de pressed its occupant. He eat down in a great high- backed armed cb&ir; beside the hearth, and smoked and thought. Little traffic passing through the square, no sound disturbed the silence of toe early night, save the melancholy chiming of tbe clock of St. George's Church. The world might be asleep or dead for all sign it gave of life or waking. Though the burning coals threw out great heat, Redfriars was conscious of a chill; there was something icy in tbe almotphere. He strove to recall tne sense of satisfaction he bad recently felt, but deep depression crept over and enveloped him as in a mist. What was its cause or its nature, he oould not state ; it was undefined, vague, irresistible. His mind promptly scouted all ideaB of such subtle influences as ore said to be exercised upon the living by tbe dead. He believed that once a man quitted existence annihila tion ensued; there was no such thing as soul, spirit or consciousness, only a handful of clay, and nothing more. Therefore, neither fear nor thought of an invisible and unknown world and those who dwelt therein arose in his mind; this mood besetting him was due tophysioal causes — fatigue, indigestion, an over- wrought brain. From reading the reports of the inqnest held upon his brother he was aware that it was in this room toe suicide bad been com mitted. Perhaps during the last hour of his life the dead man had sat in this high-back chair meditating even as he who now filled it meditated ; bnt what was the subject of hie thoughts? Redfriars would have given nuoh to know, for they would have afforded a clue to the motive of that desperate deed. Unconsciously he allowed the fire to get low, so that the ruddy blaze was no longer reflected on the time-stained oak of the walls. The position of the lamp caused his figure to oast a blurred, horrible shadow on the high ceiling. A feeling of languor graduaUy possessed him, and with it that etr≱ fore boding of an undefined ill increased. All at onoe it seemed as if a second person was in the room, hiding in the shelter of toe cabinet behind him, and then drawing near with a stealthy and gliding step, intent on evil purposes. Tfaeu tbe thought of his brother, whom he had never loved even in the days of his boy hood, whom in manhood he envied and hated, came into his mind with terrible force, so that for a second he almost believed the dead was present, leaning over him and breathing ioily npon his head. With an effort be sprang to his feet. An old mirror framed in black ebony hung above him, and as he ro?e he involuntarily gl&noed; into it, when with a frozen heart bo drew back startled, dismayed and horrified. He had 6eenarefleotion of his own face, paler and graver than usual, and fanoied he beheld the features of the dead. Quickly recovering, a reaction set in, and he laughed at his weakness. Going over to a table on which Whyman had placed a de canter of brandy, he poured out a glass and drank it at a draught. The liquid warmed and cheered him, and he walked up and down the room by way of regaining his composure, finally standing before the book- shelves and taking down some volumes looked at them carelessly. They were not such as he would read. Herodotus and Plato in the original, Montaigne's Essays, Walden's Life of Moreauand the Vicar of Wakefield had no attraction for him. Mechanically he went to one of the old cabinets and pulled out a drawer, when his eyee fell upon a pistol. He had no doubt ic was the weapon with which his brother had taken his life; it fasoiuated him so that he oould not remove his eyes from it, and with a trembling band be took it from its resting place. The smoke of that last shot still tarnished the brightness of the barrel ; lower down was a stain where some blood clot or brain tissne may have lain. As be grasped tbe revolver he experienced a wild horror, confusion of mind and sickness of heart, such as tbe dead man might have felt when his nervons clutch closed upon toe handle for the last time ; and involuntarily Redfriars, having a fiuger on the trigger raised the pistol slowly to hie forehead until toe cold steel tonohed his left temple. Then dropping it, he turned away terror-stricken at the act, oold perspiration oozing from his body. He drank more brandy, lit a cluster of candles on the chimney piece and threw some coals Qpon the fire. Prosentlr, he looked at toe escritoire which Newbury had, with some other articles, sealed up, until the new earl's return, ana suuiaing umure iv uo b»u, may find there traces of the Secret I want ; some scrap of paper, diary or letter may betrpy the fear which drove him to death. 'J'o-morrow I will begin my eearch." CHAPTER XVII. — Vikgh. PAYS A Visit. It was lata next morning when Lord Red friars rose, and acaroely had he finished his breakfast, when Whyman appeared to say Mr Virgil Leohmerc had called. Theoari became suddenly thoughtful ; he had ex pected this vieit'and was prepared for it, yet he was not without a feeling that it might prove disagreeable. However, he reflected that the sooner it was over the better, and turning to toe servant bade liim admit the visitor. He, himself, went to the door with a smiling faoe und outstretched hands to wel come bis cousin . 44 My dear Virgil, how are yon ?" he asked, with apparent delight. 41 All richt, old chap, and how are you ?" 44 Tolerably weU. How kind of you to oome and see me so soon." 44 It was only yesterday I heard yon had returned," remarked Virgil, looking round him, as if expecting to see someone else; Lord Redfriars noticed his glanoe, but made no remark. 41 1 hope yon bad a pleasant time abroad," said the tutor. 44 Pretty fair," 14 And Stella, how is she ?" The earl, who had been leaning against the ohimney- pieoe, turned abruptly away, an expression of pain upon his face. 44 Yon haven't heard ?" be remarked, in a low voice ; 44 of course not, I didn't writeto yon." 44 No. I hope nothing unpleasant has happened." "Stella is dead." 44 Dead?" responded the younger man, shooked at hearing that a bright young life had suddenly been extinguished. 44 1 am more grieved than I can sav." 44 1 knew you would be, old man ; £ ; counted on your sympathy." 14 How did it happen?" asked Virgil, gravely. 44 She took that accursed Roman fever. I had three doctors to attend ber, and she ap peared to recover. But she would go out too soon, and one evening in the Pincio Gardens she caught a fresh cold. Poor Stella, before that day week she was in ber grave." 44 Poor girl ! It must have been a big blow to you." 44 1 haven't recovered yet," responded Redfriars, with a melancboh lir. 44 1 don't wonder ; it's not a thing a man gets over easily. And her father, have you tald him?" "Of course; judginc by his letters he seems heartbroken." 44 I'm awfully sorry. If she were living now, what a change it would mako to her." 44 Yea, yes," replied Redfriars, impa tiently. 44 one would be ao glad, for your sake. 44 No doubt. Tell me, Virgil, did you ever mention that— that affair to any one?" 44 1 promised you I wouldn't, and I've kept my word." 44 1 knew you would," remarked Red friars, with evident relief. 44 And now as it ended in such a melancholy way, there's no use in saying anything about it. Even to me it will be pain to hear any reference to it, for I was d6ucedty fond of her." 44 1 sha'n't mention it. 44 Thanks; I may rely on you, Virgil?" Redfriars said, eagerly. " Certainty. Von have my word." 44 its a chapter m my lite which i don t want others to pry into, you understand ; it belongs to her and to me alone—it's sacred — and' I don't wish anyone to open it here after, no matter what may occur." '4 1 quite agree with you," replied Lech- mere. He had not previously credited his cou?in with such delicacy of sentiment, for which he was prepared to esteem him all the more. Redfriars wilked to one of tbe tall, narrow windows and partially knelt upon the recessed seat whilst ho looked at the old Hanoverian houses in the square, and con gratuluted himself on the cleverness with which he had played his part. When he had remained there a few seconds, whilst he hoped it might be supposed be was recover, ing from his emotion, he faced his cousin again, saying, 44 Then Horace's death gave inea shock." 44 Naturally. Who oould have supposed ho would have ended hie life in such a manner? It was horrible— I can't under stand it." 44 It was not like him." 44 Whyman left him seemingly in good health and spirits one night, and next morn ing found him huddled up here on tbe carpet, cold and dead. Poor fellow, it we & sad ending !" Redfriars gradually approached toe speaker until he was close in front of him, his eyes intently fixed upon his cousin's faoe. 44 What was tho cause? he asked, iu a low, eager voice. "What was toe cause of his death P" 44 Temporary insanity." u Bosh. There has never been any mad ness in our family; we may have been a great many other things, but we've never been insane." 4 That was the verdict returned by the jury." 44 A set of noodles. Why should homi cidal man in aqddAnJyAeloiri.tsslf in a man who has no such hereditary taint, and whose blood was as tame as a clodhopper's ? I tell you there must be something under the sur- faoe, and if yon know or suspect what it is, tall me «md relieve me!" said Redfriars, growing every eesond more excited. M I don't know of anything which could have urged him to oommit suicide," replied Virgil. 44 He didn't drink or gamble, and he led a quiet life. Then he was going to many the girl of his choice. " 44 Had they any quarrel?" 44 No, they never had a moment's disagree ment. In his farewell letter to her he as sured her of his love. She is almost heart broken." 14 There's something about bis death which puzzles and scares me," remarked Redfriars, impatiently, and with a touch ef fear in Ms voice. 4 4 You cannot suspect foul play :' 44 No, no ! but I suspect a motive." 44 1 agree with the jury.' 44 And I don't. It's hard to know a man, Virgil ; those who live with him for half & , century may be strangers to him. We all have our secrets hidden from the world's gaze. Rest assured Horace had his." 44 What if he had ? It has died with him, so let it rest in his grave," replied Virgil. 44 1 would, willingly, but I've pit a con founded notion that I can't rid myself of, that what affected him and brought him to his death, may likewise affect me and bring me to a like end." 44 This is horrible," exclaimed Virgil. "It's morbidness ' ' 44 1 know it is, and that's why I told you. I won't feel it so much now that I've men tioned it ; that old chap was right who said an I honest confession is good for toe soul." Yon mustn't let the idea that what in fluenced him will influence you take posses sion of your mind. There's no foundation for auoh a theory.'' (> I know — yet it haunts me." 44 That way madness lies; a thought grows and grows upon a man, and is often fed and strengthened by the arguments meant to destroy it ; the best plan is to dis miss it altogether." 44 I'll try," said the earl. 44 You used not to be morbid, but I sup pose these two deaths have upset you." 44 Probably. I must be out of sorts. Now toll me about yourself, what are you doing P" 44 Teaching. A week after I posted my last letter to yon I became tutor to a back- ward boy, whom I'm grinding for Ms matriculation exam. It's not hard work, and I've a good deal of time on my hands." 44 I'm glad yon like it, Virgil." 44 1 didn't say I liked it, but I ain glad to find some employment whilst I'm waitincfor eometoiug better to turn up." 44 Still in your old rooms ?" "No, I'm living with 103' pupil at his father house in Queen's Gate." 41 Queen's Gate," repeated the earl. 44 What's your pupil's name?" « Bobbie Gubbs ; toe father is a wealthy merobant, an honest-hearted, good-natured man, who rose from the ranks." 44 Mr Samuel Gale " 44 Yon know him ?" 44 Newbury mentioned him to me." 44 Of oourse ; it was through Mm I got the tutorship." 44 A pleasant family r enquired tbe earl. 44 Yes. It oonsists of the father wito his son and daughter." 44 What's the pin like r 44 Bright and clever," answered Leohmerc, promptly. 44 Good-looking?" 44 Deoidedly naodsome ; and her manners are quite unaffected and thoroughly charm ing," volunteered the young man, his faoe kindling. Redfriars looked at Mm gravely, as a suspicion crossed his mind that perhaps the heiress had been already favorably im pressed by bis cousin, who was a younger, a bettor looking and doubtless a more attrac tive man to a girl without knowledge of the 44 Yon are good friends F" he suggested. 44 Excellent," answered Virgil, all unsus picious of the idea tanning in Ms relative's 44 She's an heiress, '/ said toe earl, still anxious to gauge Virgil's mind. 44 Unfortunately," remarked the tutor, im pulsively. 44 For her f9 , 44 No, but for Mm who would love and win her for herself alone, and who dreads ttie barrier which her wealth may raise between them." 44 Have yon gone so far as that, old chap?" Redfriars &Bked;, with evident Inte rest. 44 1 don't mind telling yon that Hove her, but I haven't taken advantage of my posi tion in her father's house to say a single word to her whioh be might sot hear." " What a fool he is," thought Redfriars, whilst aloud he replied, 41 Of course not, honor would forbia. Has she other ad mirers ?" 44 She knows very few people, not having yet gone into society, but she's to be pre sented at conrt next month." 44 Indeed," said toe earl, briefly. 41 1 must go now," remarked Virgil, as he rose. 44 I'm glad to have seen you again," ; and he warmly clasped the hand held out to him. When Redfriars was left alone he knit his brows, and the lids half closed over his red brown eyes. 44 Confound the fellow," he reflected, thinking of his visitor. 44 He's 10 love with that girl and she may be silly enough to fall in love with him. Hehas the advantagaof liviugin the same house with her — an advantage of which I must deprive , Mm as quietly and &3 quickly as possible. | How can I manage it, I wonder j He walked up and down the room untill Ms eyes fell upon the big official seals on the escritoire, when he suddenly paused, the ! current of bis thoughts abruptly changing. I 4 1 must get to work, he mattered. 14 lhat 1 desk may hold some clue to the mystery ! which puzzles me. I maybe on the brink of I a discovery. Who knows ?" 1 44 As be broke tue seals and slowly opened the escritoire, that vague undefined eenge of approaching ill, that dread weight of de pression he hud experienced the previous night returned to htm, and broad daylight us it was. he could not dispel his terror ; whilst &e; he placea his hand upon the bundle of papers before him— it seemed as if he h&ddrawn; the face-doth from the dead. (to be continued.) 