Two Dlstfagnished Exiles. Sometimes you ^Will meet men vho bring up 'aoeneB that are of,the past and are almost forgotten. They briug up old memories—old..ghosts of the past, as it were. 'It is but a short time ago that I saw Oakey Hall, in London, aud what recollections of New York under the reign of Twee : d lie brought up! Those were great days for Hall, aud for men who were a great deal worse than he. "What a fellow of infinite jest ho was. and what a blight spot he made Lhe Mayor's office in New York some twenty 3 T eara ago. The older newspaper men, 2 }0^c^ans ant^ mem town will long remember ifcs attractive' less. He would.have been a rash man iu those days who'would have attempted to prophecy the height in the temple of fame to. which this brilliant aud witty man might not climb. What prophet could foresee that this gifted aud once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile in a foreign land, loaving behind him on the field of his early triumphs nothing butfiliattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a small cafe in a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried iu thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of his surroundings. He had an intellectual face* but on it there were deep lines that told of past sufVerings. His long hair was gray—prematurely gray. His shoulders wore oeut, and there was. a moody, brooding look ou his face. But he was evidently a tall man, and some years ago must have been a haudsomoman. As he sat at the table he looked like a strong mau bom© down by the memory, of some great sorrow of the past. Presently he arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left, aud then I recognized him, although it has been years since I saw him before. It was Theodore Til ton, the once famous editor of the New York hi'hpeiulcnt. But how changed. Iu tho days of his popularity, tall, erect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doimx some sort of literary work here, but no • one 6eenis to know just what, it is. I could not but think, after seeing the man, that , tho scandal in which thi^ man's life was wrecked -was more than a more scandal. It was, ltr J "ffat, h tragedy. Tho circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. The greatest ol them is ucad, so are others, among them some of the lawyers aud several of the jury. One of the lawyers, Benjamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabiuet ol the President of the United States. jtfrs. Tilton is more fortunately situated than her husband, for she has the company and sympathy of her childi'on. But Theodore Tilton liauuts out-of-theway places iu Paris, .seeking neither friends nor friendships, a miserable' and broken man. 