MORE ABOUT GHOSTS. A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. " Then you don't believe in ghosts, Mr Brooke ?" " Certainly not ; but I do believe there are people who see them—in imagination." Such was the question put by a representative of the " Pall Mall," and the answer received from Mr W. F. Brooke, of Maskelyne and Cooke's, who the other day issued a circular offering to visit " haunted houses" and lay the most troublesome " spook." Mr Brooke complains somewhat of the Psychical Research Society, and thinks that if more activity was shown many biases that have been empty for years, because they have the reputation of being haunted, might be let. He has great faith in individual work in this line, and is convinced that if some one would set himself up as a " specialist," and offer to take up his quarters in the " dread being's own abode" for a little time, he might easily find out the real cause of the disturbance, and thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread about and give a house a bad name. THE ADVENTURE OF THE STOWAWAY. " What was your first achievement ?" " Oh, a very simple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had taken a cargo of coals for New Zealand, but on the day previous to the sailing every man on board deserted on account of the strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel. I heard the noises myself, and at first was under the impression that some stowaway was in distress. I found out this was not the case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, and was soon delighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound, but slipped, and rolling down the heap of coals, fell into the arms of the poor little pig we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enormously fat during his incarceration, existing solely upon coal !" THE CAT AND THE RAT. " I suppose that in many cases animals are the cause of these strange noises ?" " Oh, yes ; I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappings that had, they assured, me, 'come out of the earth.' I found that the sounds proceeded from the efforts of a cat to extricate its head from a lobster-tin under the floors. In another case I was quietly sitting in a haunted house, with a dim glimmer of light, a piece of cheese near a suspicions-looking hole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I ' let go.' I drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round his neck ; no more rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, had been tied round the poor brute as an old dodge to scare away its companions, and in its journeyings it tapped against the laths and floors." FOOTPRINTS ON THE SANDS. " What are your methods of unearthing ' ghosts ?' " " They are very simple. I have very acute hearing, and can generally locate a sound directly I hear it, but if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of the doors and windows and floors. If I inspect that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in the honse, I scatter a little powder or sand around all the entrances, sit down quietly and await the appearance of the apparition of the sound of the creature. If it appears (it never does though !) and goes off again I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or paw-treads. I understand thoroughly the construction of a house, and, consequently, can, often detect flaws in the building that would not be noticed except by a practical man. Strange noises are caused by a variety of things ; clothes baskets that have contained wet clothes are hung up in a warm room after washing days. They will emit peculiar sounds to the nervous. Loose boards under the carpets will set many people wondering, a beetle underneath a wall paper, too, will make a strange scratching sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagination is the only intellectual faculty which exercises a direct influence on the bodily organs, those organs being the organs of sense. It acts by producing in them, or in parts of the brain with which they communicate, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects actually present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by these false impressions, which occur in many different states of system. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. I have been in his company when he sees them—he has had two or three attacks of ' D.T.' " A " WOMAN'S PITEOUS MIDNIGHT SHRIEKS !" " Needless to say, Mr Brooke, you have always discovered the nature and whereabouts of the ' spirit' ?" " Yes. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One house that I visited bore a very bad name. Unearthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill- treated had been heard by the neighbors, as well as by the late occupants. I stayed in the house by myself one evening, but failed to hear anything out of the common, until the lady, a few minutes before twelve, gave me a taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room above ; I went into the garden—she was there ; I went into the street—she was there. I know she was there, because I heard her. I examined the house thoroughly, but without success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of hours' searching, and I traced her voice to the roof. I went for it with a ladder, and brought it down under my arm ; the chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds." A MYSTERIOUS FOOTSTEP—WANTED, GHOSTS. " By no means a pleasant job, clambering over the roof of an empty house ?" " I've had worse. I managed to unearth the cause of the footeteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large house in High street, Deptford, some time since. After swarming about the outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped up, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots of " four 'arf" informed me that " the blokes wot lived in one of the kerrevans on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to ' doss.' '' Mr Brooke got into trouble a few years ago by his rather practical elucidation of the Greenwich Mystery. He is a practical man ; a disavower of spiritualism and theosophy, and he scorns " astral bodies." If anyone has a real ghost for sale, he would be pleased to buy it ; or if a haunted house can be pointed out to him, he will be very happy to track "spook" to its parading ground. 