SATURDAY, NOVEMBER i, 1893. A cable message lately informed us that the new lioatlinnstor of one of our most important schools is a clergyman, a mathematician, and an athlete. Of the three qualifications for the post, special insistence was laid on the last. Persons interested in education and alive to the low standard of scholarship which prevails among us might have desired to learn that we had secured an ARNOLD or a THRING, a man with a powerful intellectual and moral personality. The question whether he can kick a goal or keep a wicket is one in which rational beings will show no particular interest. Parents, who are investing school-fees in the education of their sons with the hope of some day finding a solid return, would much prefer to be told that the schoolmaster was a man of far-reaching knowledge and with a certain divine gift for imparting it. They are eager to be assured that he will exert an influence ennobling to the character and stimulating to the intellect. It encourages them but little to know that the athletic sports, which have already assumed a sufficiently nauseating pro- eminence) in modern schools, will be carefully nursed by an expert in that department. The philosopher, again, who merely studies evolution in an objective way, will note another indica- tion that a reaction and a reform are prone to end in a folly. Because physical culture was once unduly neglected in education, and because wise men have recognised the error and striven to rectify it by reasonably encouraging games and gymnastics, therefore foolish men in large numbers have begun to put physical culture altogether first, to give it all the honours, and to treat as merely incidental such trivialities as learning, culture, and taste. Because wisdom has declared that the healthy mind requires a healthy body, foolishness has resolved that school training shall be enthusiastic solely about the body. Accordingly the mildest pedagogue in spectacles nowadays talks athletic trash with an air, speaks with a mild disparagement of the merely scholarly youth, and consequently turns out from his educational workshop a set of lads distinguished for cup-winning and " the proverbial stu " pidity of the athlete," but destined to be quite undistinguished in the after life for which education was primarily sought. Whether this particular wave of folly has reached its close we cannot tell. Judging by a recent appointment in England, when a score of first-class scholars and teachers were rejected in favour of a gentleman who had attained a bare third-class standard in classics but an eminent position in bowling loss, we are inclined to think that the ne plus ultra of absurdity has been reached even, in matters scholastic. That a proper education embraces the culture of the whole being is an axiom. Physically, intellectually, and morally alike youth demands a develop- ing care and exercise. The vogue may, indeed, for a certain period, ignore or undervalue one or other of the three clements, but in the end matters will again rectify themselves. The Greeks, with their usual clearness of perception, placed yumnaslikr, or physical training, on a level with mounce, or training in accomplish- ments. From these they distinguished effeminate or learning. The ideal Athenian education comprised each and all of these. Yet, inasmuch as the merely animal instincts spontaneously encourage physical exercise, there is little doubt that the Grog was towards the excess of that tendency gymnastic element. Greek sages are fo ntl to complain of athlete-worship in to his similar to those employed by the observer. of our own day, who are (unable to realise that the final cause of man is to play good cricket or football. The Athenian Hannah. SI pen, like his modern representatives believed in", physical culture for expanding the chest and purifying the blood he did not believe in it as the chief and absorbing pursuit of anybody higher than a barbarian,.'." We may " conclude," observes ABISTOTLI:, " that " it is not the brutal element in men " but the element of nobleness which " should hold the first place -, and that " to give up our children overmuch to " bodily exercises, and lcavo,_ieiu union " structed in the true essentials, is in effect " to degrade thereby rendering them use " loss in a statesman's hands' for any part " pose except war, and, as our argument " shows, not so useful as (other people " even for this." In the which saying 1,0 agrees with the poor EuitiPiuiw. who had himself been trained, like the modern boy, to win trophies and cups, and who, not too surely, calls the athletic champion " muscle devoid of " wit." This Greek excess was com- pensated for in the England of the sixteenth century and onwards by an excess in the opposite direction. The ardour for learning affair the Jlonais since left the British schoolboy to the mercy of insatiable scholars like COMET, or like those authorities of Shrewsbury School, who in 1578' issued their ordinance that boys might play " only on Thursday." The clerical pedal gogues of Eton, raises, or Westminster stimulated the mental activities of their pupils by means of copious birch or liberal emoluments ; the, physical activities they severely discouraged. It is true that in GRAY'S time the Etonian might "disport" on the " Sargent green " of the Thames or " close with plant arm its " glassy wave," or " urge the laying " ball " in a subdued sort of way. Nevertheless the whole poem in which those statements occur makes it clear that more permission and not zealous encouragement was given to indulge the physical instincts to that extent. It was in reality not till the nineteenth century was well advanced that the Greek idea of yumnastike prevailed once more in civilised countries. The _ "men of German education, Ling's system in Sweden, the sports and gymnastics of English schools are a simultaneous recognition of the necessity of physical culture for its own sake, as the comple- ment of intellectual cultivation, and as the counteractive of smithy ill effects which might follow from over-applied- tion of the brain alone. The cricket and football ground is the disguised reappearance of the palestine in the nineteenth century as the turney lists were in the middle ages. And against such a reappearance there is no manner of objection to be raised, so long as the purpose and limits of athletics and games are kept clear by educators. Schoolmasters have not been slow to discover that organised athletics line desirable indirect effects besides the culture of their pupils' physique. They are potent aids to discipline ; they afford the animal spirits an outlet ; they keep youths from idleness which leads to mischief. Moreover, the contention of school against, school on the river or in the field creates an esprit of?. corps and an affection for a school which may really have little to recommend it edu- cationally. Success in cricket or rowing may even serve as advertisement, for all these reasons it is wholly natural that schoolmasters should foster and stimulate games, and even look for assistants who can take a practical part in them. Theoretically the procedure) is sound enough. Unhappily it is rapidly coming to mean in practice that athletics are more important both to teachers and pupils than knowledge, and intellectual attainment that proficiency with a bat is more highly honoured and encouraged than proficiency with a book. It comes to be with us as with the ancient Persians. The theoretical ideal of attainment of a Persian was to ride a horse, shoot with the bow, and speak the truth. The last was in practice very much the least. So the ideal modern schoolboy is expected to run a mile in five minutes, make an average of forty runs, and learn Latin and mathematics. He runs his mile and scores his runs for the rest it is mostly regarded as sufficient if he passes some such cheap examination as that of matriculation. He knows by heart the bowling averages of the Australian and intercolonial teams and is perfect in the lore of athletic records, but his algebraical formula! and his French verbs grow distinctly weaker. And, though these remarks apply in different degrees to both the Victorian and the English schools, it is beyond all doubt that absorption in what is known as " sports " prevails among our own schoolboys, as indeed in the whole community, to a degree positively unexampled. There is no fear of physical culture being neglected in a city where twenty thousand people gather to witness a football match, That which is at a premium is the scholarly temperament, the disposition to study for the noble loss of learning in itself. We have no reason to doubt the capacity of the new headmaster to inspire all the proper intellectual and moral virtues. We only trust that the accident of his being athletic may have been but casually mentioned as a possibly interesting fact rather than seriously considered as a weighty argument in the appointment. T.he spectacle M. ZOLA, the strenuous high priest of realism and the author of A'twict and La Curse, contemplating an assemblage of British journalists through his spectacles, and instruct- ing them, through the medium of the French language, in the laws of their own art, is not without an element of humour. What can the author of La Terre know about the anxieties of the British editor, of the intellectual process by which the usual English reader is produced ? And what importance would four hundred British journalists, for the most part faithful disciples of Mrs. Grundy," be disposed to attach to the opinions of a gentleman with M. ZOLA'S literary antecedents it And yet only a few weeks ago a large gathering of British editors, newspaper proprietors, and leader-writers, et hoe years and, sit with docile admiration at the feet of M. ZOLA in the classic precincts of Lincoln's Inn, and cheered in platoons, and with the regularity of vo toy firing, while M. ZOLA instructed them in the secrets of their own art. Nature has denied to M. ZOLA the gifts of an orator. He proved on, be it whispered, with the slccp-cornpolling monotony of a curate delivering n Sunday afternoon sermon to on agricultural congregation. His discourse, too, was delivered in French, and' therefore not clearly in- telligible probably to many of his hearers. And yet the applause was hearty, and was frankly deserved, for the speaker gave a genuine, modest, and nutritious essay on some very into resting aspects of modern journalism. Why, for example, asked M. ZOLA, is the physiognomy of the British editor concealed so absolutely behind the broad sheets of his own newspaper, while in French journals the writer Frances forth with visor up and an open badge on his shield? In a French newspaper the personality of a writer is everything and the impersonal authority of the journal itself is nothing. Everything is signed ; not only criticisms and reviews and leading articles, but even paragraphs on current topics. In a great English journal, on the other hand, the individual writers are as shadowy as a procession of ghosts. Hardy is the flavour of an individual style even allowed to be discerned and still more rarely are the features of an individual countenance permitted to be seen. A great English journal, in fact, bears to the group of able men who day by day produce it, the relation that the mask in a Greek tragedy bore to an actor's face. It heightens the volume of the speaker's voice, but it utterly conceals the lineaments of his face., The anonymity of English newspapers, on M. ZOLA in- cidentally pointed out, has its advantages. The impersonal but happy writer has " no duels, no actions at law ; " if he libels anybody it is the news " paper that pays." These are some compensations for sacrificing his all, even his fame, to the journal which employs him and becoming a mere wheel in a great machine. But the one striking and original feature in M. ZOLA'S address is that in wliichhotraceslhosoparatoidiosyncrasics of French anclEiiglishjournalismdow'ii to facts in the history or diverging tendencies in the character of the two nations. " We French," said M. ZOLA, " are a " turbulent nation, and the ancient "soil of our monarchy has been " in one century broken and turned up incessantly by revolu- tions. After so many shocks, parties " naturally have crumbled away-we " have now no great parties distinct " and definite. In our march towards " an ideal of liberty and justice, we " have no longer your stability, we " can found nothing substantial and "colossal." In English public life persons are nothing; principles, or the party which embodies the principles, and everything ; a statement which no doubt needs very great modification since the overpowering personality of Mr. GLADSTONE emerged as a disturbing force. In France, on the other hand, to quote M. ZOLA again, " what carries away and differentiates " everything is the favor of Indian " duality. Is it the recollection, the " shadow of NAPOLEON ? We are " always looking for a Messiah ; we " pinned our faith to GAMBETTA ; we " came within an ace of anointing " BOULANGER. What I mean is that " personal questions dominate, and " that we go into ecstasies of devotion to " Wie now god who happens to pass." So the, great French journals are there literary incarnations of particular men ; llociiKFoni- papers OLISMENCEAU'S [per, PAUL DE CASSACINAC'S paper. This explains the meteoric ascents and sudden extinction of French journals. A vivid and startling personality lifts up a journal suddenly into the heaven of a big circulation, and its withdrawal extinguishes it 1 Under this system French journalism reflects and intensi- fies the chiingefulness which is the case of French politics, and which makes French Ministries die earlier and more frequently than even South Australian Cabinets. " You see," says li. ZOLA, "the whole race here, in this " craving to fight in the front rank, " the face uncovered, and in the " glory that is therefore to be " won by hurling one's nose into the midst of the conflict." So the French press lacks continuity, impact, sustained authority; and it helps to explain the fact that in France the " march towards the future " is " a " mere break-neck gallop," accentuated with many a stumble, and each rider trying to jostle his rival into ruin. Nothing can be more striking than the difference between a great French and a great English journal. The one, to quote The Times, resembles a glass of absinthe ; hot, pungent, fover-breed ing. The other resembles the typical british dinner ; nutritious, solid, hugo, in a great French journal a dozen voices, all independent, all strident, often conflicting, deafen the public ear with epigrams; it is an intellectual WAG KEII'S chorus. A great English journal, looked at through M. ZOLA'S spectacles, appears as " a joint production, a compact mass " of ideas, of all sorts of information, " that makes one of your newspapers a " veritable daily encyclopaedic." But the typical English journal reflects the history of England itself, and corresponds to the facts of its own history. England, to quote M. ZOLA, has not been broken up into fragments by revolutions ;" it is still a political unit, divided, indeed, between two great opposing schools of political thought, but finding beneath all party divisions in underlying patriotism which knits it into oneness. So the physiognomy of a great paper does not change with the visage of each writer in its columns. It reflects a settled and continuous policy. A great journal, too, is more than any single writer, no matter how powerful and able, that it employs. Each issue is the sum and resultant of many brains, moulded it may be by one single controlling intellect, but shaped also by the traditional and settled policy of the journal itself. The editorial "we." that is, is not a mere affectation ; it is the transcript of a fact. All ZOLA, in his recent visit to England, was in so amiable a mood that he even expressed his pleasure at encountering a London fog I And his compliments to English journalism were naturally of a very vivid complexion. He paid, however, a quite ínainiilicont compliment to the journalism of the world, by picturing an international parliament of newspaper editors ; a congress which would simply be the whole journalistic authority of the work brought to a focus, and made visible and audible. "What a tree " wondrous influence," M. ZOLA reflects, a congress of all the newspapers on the globe might exercise!" What a tumultuous Cave of the Winds, rather, a cynic might reflect, would such a congress be 1 The sessions of this newspaper parliament would be " solemn assizes, where many " a misunderstanding would be cleared " up, where many a bond would be " firmly tied." And so in this new and surprising way " universal peace and the " brotherhood of nations " would arrive on this distracted globe. This is M. ZOLA'S dream and it has, alas about the usual reality which dreams possess. Dreamland is no doubt a beautiful world ; but then unfortunately nobody can live in it. When the trouble in Mashonaland began, the people in England who think that a British subject is not entitled to the protection" of his Government if. he ventures on an enterprise abroad raised wild and unnecessary protests. in the columns of Truth Mr. LABOUOIIEKK shrieked at the idea that a British force might be required to protect the settlers. He pointed out that they had gone to the country on their own account, and that if their plans clashed with the traditional claims of the Matabele to mid and plunder and devastated the neighbouring countries, they had no right to expect any assistance from such iv morbidly civilised Government as that which has now a doubtful tenure of office in Great Britain. The British Government, however, has been read a well-deserved lesson. The anticipation that it might be called upon to under- take the responsibility of a 'war was only an example of timidity. As soon as the campaign against LOIIENOULA began, it was announced that the South African forces were powerful enough to deal with the enemy, and that no assistance was required. Then the Marquis of RIPON, or his subordinate, the Under Secretary, proposed that Sir HENRY LOCH, the Imperial Commissioner in South Africa, should negotiate with LOBENOU_A. This proposal had only the effect of irritating our follow colonists in South Africa. It was an absurd suggestion to make when the troops were actually in the hold, when the ring of the Matabele were raiding the country, when the youthful warriors of the tribe were resolved on battle Then came a feeble proposal to station a detachment of the Bechuanaland police in thoMtitabclocapital. All these suggestions have been completely swept away by the stern reality of war. The " account with "LOURN" has been settled in a grim fashion. His regiment are disorganised ; he is himself a fugitive The officers who load the British troops, have no time to consider the scruples of the Gladstone Government, for the simple reason that they are in hot pursuit of their defeated foemen. The vacillating authorities in England need no longer discuss the question whether it is necessary to break the power of the warlike Matabele. This power has been shattered by the settlers in South Africa, who are now entitled to dictate the terms of peace. It would have been infinitely butter if the British Government had shown some real sympathy with the venturesome pioneers who are carrying the British flag into now regions. It is well that the decisive battle has been fought and won before the foolish statesman who wanted to save a little ammunition by making a treaty with LOIIHNOULA had time to interfere. We are sorry for the fate of the brave warriors who were sent directly against the Maxim guns, and went to certain destruction. It will doubtless be found, when the full reports are to hand, that they fought bravely and died like true soldiers. But it must be remembered that the Matabele tribe was essentially a fighting tribe, that it lived on the spoils of warfare, that it was a constant menace to all the inhabitants of the country, and that civilisa- tion could not spread in Mashonaland until its T power was suppressed. They, may be still much work to do before the Matabele freebooters are turned into Slough men and herdsmen and minors, lit until this is accomplished the arts of peace will not prevail in their neighbourhood. The prorogation of Parliament which is to take place at 2 p.m. on Monday will be a brilliant and interesting ceremony owing to the number of distinguished visitors from the other colonies who will be present to witness the proceedings. The application for tickets of admission to the Council chamber to witness the ceremony has been very large, and in consequence of the seating accommodation being limited the issue of the tickets had to be restricted. At about a quarter to 2 o'clock His Excellency the Governor will leave Government-house, escorted by the Rupertswood Horse Artillery. At the moment of his departure a salute will be fired from the Domain battery. ' A detach- ment of the permanent naval and artillery forces will be drawn up in front of Parlia- ment-houses to receive His Excellency, who will wear his vice-regal uniform, and will be driven to the building in his state carriage. His Excellency will be accompanied into the chamber by his aides-de-camp, and by several of the principal naval and military officers, who will be in full uniform. The ceremony will be witnessed by the Countess of Hopetoun, the Countess of Glasgow, Lady Duff, Lady Norman, Lady Sarah Wilson, and Lady Augusta Boyle, and it is fully expected that their Excellencies the Governors of New South Wales and New Zealand, who are staying at Government-house, will also be present. It was intended that the Legislative Assembly should meet at half-past 1 o'clock on Monday, but when that hour was fixed it was thought that the Council would have passed the Water Act Amend- ment Dill, and that the Lower House would have time before the prorogation to deal with tiny amendments that might have been made in the measure. As, however, that bill has now been shelved for this session, there any necessity for the House to meet till close on 2 o'clock. The Speaker will not take the chair till that hour, and It is expected that immediately afterwards the usher will appear at the bar of the House and request the attendance of the Speaker and members of the Assembly in the Legislative Council chamber to hear the prorogation speech delivered. The reading of the speech will only occupy a few minutes, and the ceremony will then conclude. His Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Hopetoun, His Excellency the Governor of New Zealand and the Countess of Glasgow, His Excellency the Governor of New South Wales and probably Lady Duff, Lady Norman, and Rear- Admiral and Mrs. Bowden-Smith, together with a large party from Government- house, will attend the races at Flemington to-day. On Monday afternoon most of them will be present at the prorogation of Parliament, and in the evenings ball Will be given at Government house. On Tuesday, His Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Hopetoun, accompanied by their guests, will attend the Cup meeting at Flemington and on Wednesday evening another ball will be given at Government-house. On Thursday the races will be again attended, and in the evening His Excellency and the Governors of New South Wales and New Zealand will be present at the banquet to be given by the Mayor of Melbourne at the Town-hall. On Friday afternoon a garden party will take place at Government-house, and in the evening Lord Hopetoun and the visiting Governors and the Rear-Admiral will dine at the Melbourne Club, and afterwards, together with the Countess of Hopetoun, the Countess of Glasgow, Lady Duff., Lady Norman, and Mrs. Bowden-Smith, will attend the ball to be given at the Australian Club. On Saturday the Government-house party will attend the races at Flemington, and in the evening a dinner will be given at Government house. The Earl! of Glasgow, Governor of New Zealand, I visited the Minister of Railways in his office in Spencer-street on Thursday, and had a somewhat lengthy Interview with him on the subject of railway management His lordship was on the directorate of a railway company in the United Kingdom, and takes a keen interest in the state railway policy of these colonies and in the effort being made to work the railways on commercial principles by commissioners Mr Richardson have his views on the system of this colony], drawing special attention to the met that there was now a greater control by Parliament over the finances of the department than for some years past 'the ] uri of Glasgow not only related his experiences of the New Zealand system but favoured the Minister with some valuable in formation concerning railway management in the old country The Minister of Railways linda consulta- tion with the Railway Commissioners yesterday concerning that disturbing element known as the " road traffic ' 'J he Minister has shown a desire to check the competition with the railways believing that it has already assumed large dimensions, and that it will continue to grow under the present favourable conditions The commissioners have for some time been engaged on a re classification of the goods rates, and it is understood that the freights will be reduced in the class of goods carried by the teamsters, while in other cases the rates will be somewhat increased Mr Richardson stated yesterday) that by laws had been passed that day by the Governor in Council to give the commissioners authority to reduce the freights on the lines affected by the road traffic, and to make reductions on goods forwarded from Mortlake to Melbourne in order to compete with the water traffic The Minister has suggested to the commissioners the advisability of reducing the fares on one of the suburban lines as an experiment also, that trains should be run from Melbourne late on Saturday nights at excursion rates, with return trains it a convenient hour on Monday mornings to enable the residents of the metropolis to spend a day in the country, Major General Hutton, commandant of the military forces of New South Wales arrived in Melbourne yesterday morning from Sydney on a visit to Sir William Clarke When invited to make a statement with regard to the rumour which has been circulated that he intended to resign his post as commandant in consequence of the estimates for defence having been out down by £10,000 after they had left his hands, the Major General stated that he had no such intention, and was at a loss to account for the origin of the rumour He had certainly represented to the Government that the reduction which they contemplated would impair the efficiency of the Defence Force but he recognised that it lay with the Government alone to say how much they could afford to spend on the force. The following bills received the Royal assent j yesterday at the meeting of the 3 feet tive Council - Lessees of Swamp Lands Relief Hill, Public Officers' Retirement Kill, Working Men's College (Borrowing Powers) Bill, Sale of Oleomargarine Hill, Dilkera and Millers Act Amendment Bill, Factories and Shops Act Amendment Dill, 'J enchers babines Reduction Bill Rate of Postage Bill Treasury Bonds Bill, and the Water Supply Loan Application Bill Mr J It M Fison the Under Secretary having been granted a months leave of absence for the purpose of visiting Sydney Mr G Bell the chief clerk of the Chief Secretary s department, was appointed acting under secretary at the meeting of the L seem to vie Council yesterday Jilt It M S Australia, one of the crack boats of the P and Company) fleet arrivcd}estcr day evening from London and owing to the heavy northerly wind prevailing in the bay, Captain Reeves decided to anchor for the night below the Gellibrand lightship The present passage, so far as could be ascertained from a necessarily hurried reference to the log book, eclipses all previous records established by the H. M. S. Britannia and Himalaya and Captain Reeves is apparently entitled to the cock of the walk carried by the Himalaya He Australia was subjected to a vexatious delay of some duration at Brindisi in consequence of an accident on the Italian railways, the result of which was that she failed to start on her journey until a quarter to 8 II in on October 'I or nearly six hours and a half later than the Himalaya left on the corre- sponding thy in her timetable The latter brought up in Hobson's Bay on the date of her arrival at eight minutes past 1pm, w Sale the Australia at go her anchors yesterday at a quarter past 6 p in an advantage in favour of the Australia calculating the gross time occupied on the voyage, of 14 minutes It remains to be seen, however, whether the Australia was for a briefer period under steam than the Himalaya on her sensational passage last June On this occasion the Australia has been driven a distance of s) 255 miles at an average speed of IG J knots per hour She hits, besides, made the smartest run on record from Adelaide to Melbourne She lodged 501) miles, and travelled 17 I knots every hour while her engines were in motion She also covered the 40 miles intervening between the Heads and the lightship in 2 hours 5 minutes In the passage from Adelaide she IS 40 minutes in advance of the Himalaya but in the bay trip the Himalaya basan ntl vantage over her rival of exactly two minutes. The term of office of Councillor James Moloney, the representative of the City Council on the Board of Health, and Councillor 1 Forbes, who represents the South Yarra group of municipalities on that body, will expire at the end of the year A notice appeared in the Government Gazette last night intimating that the Minister of Health had fixed the 27th inst as the tiny on or before which nominations of candidates to fill the vacancies are to be lodged A statement showing the expenditure for the purchase and maintenance of the telephone exchanges and the revenue for each year since 1887, when the telephone system of Melbourne became the property of the Government, was presented to the Legisla- tive Assembly on Thursday evening. The capital expenditure amounts to 149th, and the expenditure for maintenance and renewals to £105 891 The total revenue for the series of years from 1887 to 1892 was £174 228 showing a net profit for that period of £6 847 The number of subscribers to the exchange on the 1st September, 1887, was 1,277, Luton theatre December, 1853 it had more than doubled being 2 034 In comparing the management of the system of the Government as compared with the private company the facts should not be overlooked that the Government reduced the annual sub scription from £10 to £12 and that the property when taken over had to be practically renewed, the batteries being worn out and the telephones being out of date The appl relation to set aside the composition by Mr B. J Fink of a halfpenny in the £1 on the claims of his creditors, which amounted to £1 520 175, was called on in the Insolvency Court yesterday morning. The application was originally set down for hearing on the 15th of last month, but it was then adjourned until yesterday When it was called on yesterday Mr Braham, vv he appeared for Mr Tink, said he had been asked as a personal favour to Mr Higgins, who appeared for Mr D Finlayson, the applicant, to get the case adjourned until next Friday It had however, been found that the Court would not sit on that day, and he had to request that the application should be adjourned for a fortnight Judge Molesworth asked if the application for adjournment was a bona-fide one Mr Braham replied that, as far as he was concerned it was, and he would have gone on If Mr Higgins could have attended! The application was then adjourned by consent to the 17th inst A discussion on University humour occupied nearly the whole of the ordinary Weekly meeting of the M Women's Hospital com- mittee yesterday. On the previous Friday it appeared an organ had been held in the students room of the institution, with the result that after the departure of the revellers the beds were found pulled to pieces, the chimneypiece and woodwork deeply carved with initials, and the looking glass and door panels smeared with treacle No one could be discovered who either saw or heard the proceedings, nor was there any evidence that the students were to blame. In this dilemma the committee decided to take rigorous steps for the inspection of the room in future. The only other matter of interest was a kindly offer by Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons to give any of the nurses or officials of the hospital a trip down the bay when desired. " Several Australians," writes Mr R. S. Smythe from London October 6, were going to the Bristol Musical Festival to witness the debut of Miss Nellie Rowe, the Victorian contralto, who came to England nearly three years ago to receive a musical education. For some time Miss How. has been a very promising pupil of Madame Marchesi's, and having a friend on the Bristol Festival Committee, she was engaged to sing in Schumann's ' Paradise and the Peri.' Her name, in fact, appeared among the list of principals in the preliminary prospectus. When, however, Mrs Rowe rehearsed the music in Paris, Madame Marchesi told her that unless some of it were transposed she would not be heard to advantage in it. As the festival committee declined to sanction the desired transposition, the music was given to another vocalist, This was one of those little disputes in which both parties were doubtless in the right. In any case, the Bristol Festival was not the most favourable occasion on which Miss Rowe could have made her debut, for the favourite contralto will undoubtedly be Miss Clara Butt. This young lady is hardly 20 years of age, she is quite 6ft. in height, she is a native of Bristol, and according to the newspapers she is to be sent to Milan at the expense of the Queen to complete her musical education. Amongst the great vocalists engaged for the Bristol Festival is Mr. Charles Santley, who commences a long provincial tour with Madame Antoinette Sterling and Signor Tito Mattei on the 9th list., and those know- ing musical amateurs in Australian cities who declared that Santley was finished when he visited Australia will be pleased to learn that the great baritones fee for singing at Bristol is double what it was 20 years ago." The Admiralty have acceded (writes our London correspondent) to the wishes of the Australian Governments and have decided to allow the Orlando to remain us flagship of the station. It seems to be thought, however, that when the Governments have been informed of the reason which influenced the Admiralty in proposing to replace the Orlando with a vessel of the Bonaventure or Astraea type that they may come round to the same opinion. Consequently the Orlando will not be at present recommissioned for a second full period, but will simply be retained upon the station. There seems to be a consensus of opinion amongst naval men that the colonies would have got a more powerful and suitable vessel had they accepted the offer of the Admiralty. The steamer Mararoa, one of the crack boats of the Union Steamship Company's passenger fleet, has come out of dock with several improvements, which have been carried out in view of the forthcoming tourist season. The fine promenade deck has been given additional length by the bridging over of the forward and after wells, and the space at the disposal of passengers now extends fore and aft from stem to stern, practically in an unbroken line. Thirteen new cabins have been added in the saloon, and both the saloon itself and the social hall have been thoroughly renovated and, re-decorated. The engines also have received a complete overhaul. As the travelling public are already beginning to turn their eyes towards New Zealand, Mr. D Mills, the Melbourne manager of the Union Company, decided to bring together a number of representative men to see the advance which has been made in catering for the comfort of travellers, and invitations were accordingly issued for a luncheon, which was held yesterday on board the steamer. Among the guests were Mr. Reid, M.L.C., the Minister of Defence, and Mr. Baker, M.L.A., the MinistcrolCustoms ; Sir F. T. Sargood and Mr. Grimwade, M.L.C.'s ; Mr. Gillies and Mr. Duffy, M.L.A.'s, Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon, Mr. W. Siddeley (chairman of the Melbourne Harbour Trust), Captain Fullarton, Captain Currie, Mr. J, C. Mackinnon, and Mr. B. Cowderoy. Mr. Reid proposed the toast of " Success to the Union Company and the Good Ship Mararoa," which was responded to by Mr. Mills, and after luncheon the company proceeded to an inspection of what is now undeniably the finest passenger steamer in the New Zealand trade. The undertaking originated a few weeks ago by Mr. Carstairs and Captain Anderson to draw regularly upon the waters of Banks and Bass Straits for at Melbourne fish supply has, despite reiterated nBsnmnees of successful progress, suddenly come to an ill-starred termination. It now transpires that, owing to a variety of unfavourable causes, the promoters have resolved to withdraw from the venture. The long spell of unseasonable weather constantly interfered with the operations of the fishermen, who have, it appears, been unable to earn more than a bare sustenance from the proceeds of each " take." Dissatisfaction with the prevailing conditions has induced the men to disband and return to the more lucrative fishing grounds of the Gippsland Lakes. The steamer Pharos will leave for Flinders Island to-day, touching at the various stations already established, and conveying the fishermen to their several destitutions. Mr, Carstairs, who reluctantly severs his connection with the scheme, asserts that the sea surrounding Flinders Island abounds with edible fish of many species, but until a rapid steamer of special design and construction has been secured there is, he thinks, very little prospect of the industry returning more than a bare livelihood. The Railway department will issue tickets at holiday excursion fares from Melbourne to till country stations by all trains departing after 2.50 p.m. on the 5th and the Sth that., being the days immediately preceding Cup Day and the Prince of Wales' Birthday. The tickets will be available for return till the 23rd Inst. The position of manager of the Mutual Store has been offered to Mr. J. V. M'Crea, of Messrs. Thos. Webb and Sons Limited. Mr. M'Crea has taken a few days to consider the matter. The examination for open scholarships and exhibitions in connection with Queen's College will begin on Monday, December 11, at 9 a.m. The following scholarships and exhibitions will be awarded: Major scholarships,, of £50 each, comprising the James Scholarships, the Jamison Memorial Scholar- ship, the Falkingham'Scholarship, and the Robert M'CoIl Scholarship ; minor scholar- ship, of £25, viz, the Tuckfield Memorial Scholarships and exhibitions of the mine of £10. A full parade of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade service was held yesterday at the newly-opened head station on Eastern Hill. Among those present were Mr. C. L. Meyer, chairman of the Adelaide Fire Brigade Board ; Mr. G. A. Booker, superintendent of the board ; Mr. W. H. Cox, mayor of Gawler and Councillor Pullin, of the Adelaide City Council. A very large number of representatives of Melbourne insurance companies and councillors of the various metropolitan municipalities also witnessed the parade, upon the conclusion of which refreshments were served at the station. The amount so far paid in as the result of the Rippon Lea garden fete, held last Saturday in aid of the Toorak and South Yarra Try Excelsior Society, is £272. The expenses time still to be deducted, and there is a little more yet to come in. Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera (writes our London correspondent on September 29 will be produced at the Savoy Theatre next week. The scene is laid in an Island in the South Pacific, whose inhabitants are supposed to have contracted a violent mania for everything English. The attempt to introduce the social customs and politics of the old world into this island Eden constitutes the theme of the play, and is said to be productive of great amusement. In addition to the names already published of those ladies who are acting on the com- mittee for the lawn party in aid of the Prahran, South Yarra, and Toorak Ladies' Benevolent Society, to be held at Glenbervie, Toorak, on the 18th inst., the following have kindly consented . - , them in their work, viz., Mrs. J. L. Finlay and Mrs, Haddon, Par i steamers of the various amusements to be provided at these will be given by advertise I ment next week meanwhile the tickets are selling well 'Tickets are to be had from MORRIS Melville, Mullen, and Slade, and from all members of the committee At the Victorian Artists' Society a loan exhibition of pictures National Gallery, on excellent programme is to bcgi\cntiJaftftcr noon by a few of the advanced pupils of Wisfl Willcmaon assisted by efficient vocalists The Australasian Hibernian Society hold a fete and art union at the Exhibition building on the Prince of Wales -birthday, the 29th inst It is announced that the first prize in the art union will he a trip round the world, twelve months for one person or eight months for two persons, together with 1200 in cash A ticket and outlitforthe West Australia gold fields together with £70 in cash, will form the second prize further donations towards the Hospital Sunday Fund have reached us 09 follows Collected at Long dole house £0 his. W S £1 is Tat 28 Cd Tim Banner of life has been forwarded to us by A.Y 6 to budgeted needs follows -speech to the Austin Hospital and Miss Sutherland s Home for Neglected Children and £1 to the Children s Hospital We have received from Messrs Mason Firth, and M Cutcheon their Ï donna Almanac for 1859 from the Wesley an Sunday school Fairfield park no have received 16s towards the funds of the Children s Hospital, The committee of the Young Men's Christian Association has completed the arrangements for the animal excursion on Cup Dr; A special train will leave Prince s bridge station at 6 20 a m returning about 6 p m A band of JO a cargo miers will accompany the party The president of St Vincent de Paul home for men desires to acknowledge a donation of £10 from the Archbishop of Melbourne to the funds of the home. The Admiral has consented that the band of the Orlando shall play at the ceremony of opening the St Vincent a Hospital on Wednesday afternoon next. The Tramway Company s notification giving particulars of their traffic arrangements during the Cup week appears In our adv cruising, columns. Attention is drawn to the com sentence of reaching the Flemington racecourse by either North or West Melbourne cars and especially to the fact of the fare on North KI bon ruo line being now only 2d The times of the earliest and latest cars to and from the city are also given From Messrs. Melville -Mullen and Slade we have received a selection of A miner lan Christmas cards for friends at home Cards despatched by the next three mails will reach Finland at a suitable time Mr 21 L, Hutchinson also sends similar cards Councillor Buxton is adv crisped to address the rate papers of Latrobe Ward to night at (Jarrawaj shall Queens walk It is announced that the addie steamer Ozone wait leave the Port Melbourne Railway Pier at 2 p m to day for Queenscliff and Sorrento and at 11 10 and to morrow for the same places. The arrangements for Cup Day and the Prince of Wales Birthday are also announced In our shipping columns The committee of the Prahran South sorry and Toorak Ladies Benevolent Society report having re- lieved 137 cases weekly during the fortnight ending Or ton or 10 The caves mimi cred ICO adults an 1110 children The whites comprised 97 widows 18 deserted wives 14 marred couple, and 10 aged and single individuals. The expenditure for the fortnight was £41 Is 6d Assistance In double, may be sent to Anerly Jackson street Toorak and in money to the hon treasurer Havonsbm*}, Dandenong road. Arma date or to the hon secretary Cawdor Armadale The committee of the South Mel bourne 1 Ladles Benevolent Society report having For to wed 72 cases during the fortnight ended" October 14 The open nature amounted to £10 is Donations in money or clothing will be gratefully received by -the hon. treasurer Mrs Bennett ISO Bridport street Albert park or by the hon secretary Miss M Gall Hill home, Bank street east, South Melbourne 