DAY BY DAY. DOINGS IT AUSTRALIA AND THEREABOUT. (CgRBOICLED BY RANDOLPH BEDFOBD.) A WEEKLY RESUME OF HAPPEN INGS WITHIN THE FEDERATION TO-'BE (reaopyr, 1893, hw i-deralAaoedaoeslJouroa.) S '. MELBOURNE, sth Decembcr. IN the:year of disgrace '93, a coroner's' jury, by direction of the coroner, has found that- oneJaines Costello, who was refused admission, to the Melbourne Hospital, and 'who died some few.hours later, would have died anyway, and that nobody was to blame. Costello, a quarryman, was struck .by the handle of.a winch, causing partial paralysis and a few superficial wounds. A fellow workman took him to the hospital, where Dr. Player treated him as suffering only from a cut in the head. Player was asked to admit Costello to the hospital and 'refused,. saying, " There is nothing the matter with him, ,he's shamming." So Dempsey -took his mate to the Alfred Hospital where he was admitted and intelligently, treated. However, he died * next morning. The natural, direct con .clusion from all this is that if Player doesn't .know enough, to differentiate between shamming and paralysis,. he has just sufficient medical knowledge to be a success Sas a journeyman butcher, and no more. Dr. 'Ydl, n .the other hand, says ithat .the a . "depressed finanscial sti~ebf Melbourne, and t -the irisufficient accuommodation caused the -refusal of admission to Ciustello, but the man • couldn't!'live anyway, and the doctor was not Sto-blame." Whether the man was cast for t death or not matters little, it is sufficient for ] us to' know that he was refused adequate treatment. Cause-" the depressed financial state." Cause of that again-"the bank boodlers who weep about the injustice of their prosecution by the law." It would appear that the dethroned Gods of Victoria are the cause of everything. Meanwhile James Costello is exceedingly dead-said death has been rendered more unbearable by C the refusal of a see-naught doctor. This is a. great country to have your back broken in really it is. Premier Patterson goes to the Alps, that good old explorer, Lands-Secretary Howitt, piloting him to Omeo by a new track. Lands-Minister M'Intyre has landed at the e Bluff (M.L.), and is to be shown all over the village settlements and the meat-freezing works by-officers of the Maoriland Govern ment, who will point out the Moa and the Dodo, and, the Woman's Suffrage t League, and other things while they are. t resting themselves. Webb, the Minister for Agriculture, who has done nothing much since he captured his portfolio, and the perfunctory M'Coll, are not going anywhere a up to date. This alleged. "back bone" 1 ministry is a dreary' failure after all. Patterson is strong, but so is a steam roller, and we don't make a Premier of a steam roller-that is rot very often. As for the rest of the team, my possession of about a gallon of the milk of human kindness, prevents the-mentioiing them firthei. One e otherwise law-abiding man will ever be execrated by ifi obscure few for having con. cern in the conversion of an inoffensive postman, into a. glorified book-fiend, whose t ead might have been a head very long ago, r but which.now has the appearance of having ; been dumped in awool press. To the uninitiated a reportprial post on a Metropolitan daily seeims a fine thing, when it is really a miserable existence, that is to the man who has ariy opinion of his own, i and is something more than a king parrot.' The standard of. daily iournalism is such that in any .big population go per cent. ot the available literary ability is attracted to t the weeklies and- magazines. The daily g paper is the-literature of the mass, and, t therefore, neither the good nor the bad are wanted,-but only the mediocre-the people who know just .enough to avoid widindg up their theatrical critique with " It ttk well [ and gave pleasure to all.'! The mr.n who a aretoo good to remain reporters all their iiv., are as much outside this daily ns the .me c~who have sufficient journalistic ahbility to ibe?.ilerks' and''no. enough ti write C paragraphs .about railway returns or to C record the dodderings of the fat men of thei legislature. ?yhy dun't.these incapalrs do. somethihng else; ay you?. Becatise in out living the gl mour-time when they thought. F portorial work. was all honor and gilry, c they have out-lived all fitiess for anything biut aiting.paragraphs and death. : : The shamelessly-sweating- evening papers pay' these ihiapables ahythiing-'f,'if -ten shillings to a poihd a week for.doin. :al tlIe" ' news of..a suburban; district. -Young in- t capables, middlc-aged, careleSs medtiocrities; - old men who.were once fairly &uccesMulii; and , : have dropprd out of:the running, fil tlhse positions. .One of these suburban.-curres -1ondents died the other day, allie-.dly of inh Immation of the bowels. Men wuo l:new rthis' ~nfortun;ate, s;y. the infltnlmaR:.,h vas only a.result-thai thi cause was starsvation: While 'h3js man died of. simply. want of tucker, :a d.ull and respcctable section of reporters. S~srd themselvc's medals-(why t not tripe by *ntee 'way)-ard' the' ras which I employed the dead seribh.-i-r talks hl'lily of the duty we owe our fellts, dnd isrp:tlished in an a-mosph re-half mane.-s andi inail 'cant. The jou.rnalist is always p.cor, and, tlnarcfre. has a .directrinterest in ireaking ..wn the nmoropolies - of :land ;:;d oppirtunity which are only kept alive by the advucacy of .1 dailv press, one half corrup tion and the it lii0 half blocklihd, ;andi.it i the journalist goestin from decadt:o ± c...l, 1 supporting his natural' "enemyi. These .thligs make me very, very tired. I always write versr wlen. I am weary.. Sie sunme Iha V-. YI 'n mut "undi.rstadil that a .'sb .editor's duty.is. not so .tuch, to put thlings in.o tihe paper as to keep things out, r.c., I ithings t~ht reflect on the man with the Paris lhat. No~jSen, ghost of the starved corres Sondent, and enediocrities who will go the sane way in the logical course of event.;, are :. yoE stening? ' SThlsk ithe news h~lck's end-thlsils ..hhtcrme.ed JIt wilt uit s earoed hisbread :b daily dezituoymi i ithejrub, . --. \ .: ' S who a ol himself to the Rag.i to Ratin ls daily need-- '•''.-. Ruthilcs the irnth heailew-now does he know no Retnegadecs all from the mes of the people; whose toernare ye-.- .- " . Spies for the eneuy, salai at ast i the yenemy. - . Ve have srow old in lles.. Be? oo ihe dtly rl.t' ,. ;] Caosiilr your eyes to the'truth'; vrideig as'yirrte c "* been lhired; . - .. DrownIn ag new world's cry with whoops for a ' kgnR-ursedilag;.. ' lelping 1o stamp onthem by whom ye were , tbirne and sired; . . And at asl. whien your eyue. are dim with th ctg-'t - ? wart's prsaluaoge. -•e, The casliler rules .yiiiri acohuotun -te tod turns to" i etlonewslo v'stage - .... .:.. Ii ,' SMen' of the aniany.are e-Claquern amre- ye: . or . "ut for ye.Ppople's men,.earolng,y lyig. your Te' .,B nolding-lhe old wliit is'dead' bl stfling'thle' ' G-odwhibch.is New- -i " , : . T. e Ionis" would 'reicli 'sooner the 'poil. ut ye ." ,mb thc0way slip trom their feet;'' or ye of le army:of wr.6ng.are worse thant the. S oldiee'jf.o swords, - • ..... .... . TheT daedl for the ewpaltry woeunds-ye fight wii : .lndelible' worJti-12ik;. '.. ; BSad are yej DBind are ye alli thit 'ye-ste nisot : the People's strengyh, j . Biladorc yet 1llnharae ye ana ! silial :4ie see \- Desert ye your taskmsasle's ranks 'ere the ac a.-?~yje And ye tar;Le olo.g-line - ak that your eyes grw tolind In theday. . " Ue then no more 'or our foesI Tath 's your \- , brothbr'a mee l " *. .- . ... Follow not following Rgs! ead on P d P1w L 7.ia thatleidl - ? - .. .. . .? . . rThe PlinderO Cricket Club are'indebted ieXr. Lioiiel -Segraveo for: a scoring boatl; the whole work being, executed 'by himself. .He has .introduced an :innovation, ? a the formi of , a painting, epresenting a dack'.ca l, Bawimaing • whin ine nt as ae«hanae & abat n ;r«hto~au 