MR.BTKAD AND HIS -?» HOSTS. LETTERS FROM THE 'OTHER HIDE.' In tbe first mimber of ' Borderland,' tbe journal of tl:t- Paychloal Research Bnolety, lust Issued Mr. Stead, iu a pre fatory editorial ante, say* be has snt biro (elf to tbe task of (tedding whether It Ie poBBlble to bold communication with the unseen world, ' n:id Id tbe discovery of autololepstbla writing I bave stumbled opoD b faot, the ultimata consequence of tchlnh II In ImnnuIkU -« Fnrcuau Um . ever Incredible It may appear, I caD, aud do constantly, repel va messages from my assistant editor, Mine X, b« accurately and a* constantly as I receive tn I eg rams from those wltb whom I do hUBloese, without the employment of any wires or t»uy In strument. Whenever I wi«b to know where she Ie, whether ehe cau beep an appointment, or how Bbe Is progressing wltb her work, I simply ask the question, and my band automatically writes nut tbe answer. Tbere Is do oonBainusneas no her part that I have asked the queetlnn and received ber answer, Distaocesdops not affect tbe mpsmges. It is now barely twelve mouths since my bend began to write automatically. During that time a day baa seldom paused without my receiving some communica tion by tbat m' .bnd. These communica tions oome io me at 'ill times and places, but tbelr arrrlval depends almost alto gether upon my own volition. Tbat Is to nut. unions r I -b-.r-. nrnonr.il raabo my mind passive, and wait for the mess age, I do not receive any communication any more than I should receive a lelt pbonio message if I never went to the telephone, As a rule I write best auto maticaljly wben I am alone, bnt I have bad many messages wben a friend has been witb me.' JULIA'S FIRST APPEARANCE. (Shortly after h-- became aware of hiB gift be was tn a country hoUBn, where a Miss E ? wan anxious to bave a raef BBge from a friend Julia, who bad re cently died and subsequently appeared at ber bedside, He said to her, ' My Hand has recently begun to write, and if you do not object I will ash Julia if she will use my band, for she knew me, al though slightly, and it would, at nnyrate, do no barm to make tbe experiment.' MIsb E ? said she would be very glad, and so tbe matter was left. On tbe Sun day morning I was alone in my bedroom. I eat before tbe wladow, with the pencil in my band, and sBld, 'Now, Miss, it you are about, and care to use my band, It ie at your disposal if you have anything to say to Miss E ? .' Almost immedi ately my hand began to write, not io my accustomed liaudwriting, and u»t in tbe handwriting of either Mrs. D ? or Henry Legg. The handwriting was cletr aod distinct. It ran tbus: — 'Julia, tell MisB E ? not to worry so much about Mr. Tracy. We will take cam of Mr. Tracy.— Julia.' Tben I said, 'That is all very well, hut how do I know that tbls is not merely t he unconeclous action of my own nubllraiual consciousness? Bow -in I fciiflw it Is you, Julia? Cau you give tne » ten' ?' My beud wrote, 'Yes.' 'Go on then.' said I. My band then wrote. ' Tell Miss K ? to re member what I paid to her when IubI we came to Miner?* ' ' But,' I said, this is Donsense. How could you and Miss £?? — oome to Minerva?' Then my hanrt wrote, 'Never mlud; give tbat message to Ml»e E ? . She will under stand.— Miss E ? pressed me to tell tbe message to ber. L besitated, telling her quite truly tbat I thol'ebt it 'as sucb ntter nonsense that it mad« the whole ridiculous. At last, however, eUH apolo gising, I read ber the message. To tny eyrpritr, Mies E ? looked very grave, and said, ' I remember it quite dis tinctly.' Remember what ?' I said. 'There is on Bense in that.' ' Yes,' said Miss E ? . 'Sbe th«n said just tbe suni« Btiuut Mr. Tracy a* your hanri has written this morning.' 'But,' I eald, ' how could you coine to Minerva? That is noDeeose.' Then MUb E ? emiled. 'Of cnursr, I foraet ; you do not know anything nhout Minerva ; but Minerva, you see, was tbe Dame wbicb Julia, tiu her deathbed, gave to Miss A ? naming a mutual friend. 'Really?' said I. ' Yea,' said Miss ? , ' And tb« last time that we saw Minerva together was the day before Julia diei. Ui»s E ? oame to tbe hospital to bid her good-bye, aud it was tbBn that el'' spoke to me about not worrying about Mr. Tracy.' I felt utterly taken aback. RESULT OFEIiECriON FORETOLD. On tbe Ifetn August Mr. John Morley called at my office before going down to ( tbe second contest at Newcastle. He spoke ot tne prospect before him, and said very gloomily tbat be was eure to be beaten. Tbe majority against him at tbe General Election was too large for anyone to have any hope of pulling ltdown. Tbe moment be left tbe room [ took up my pen and asked Jolia if sbe could see any lb'nB about tbe result at Newcastle. Bbe wrote at once ' Yes, I can see what tbe result n.'JH be. Mnrley will be elected ny ft melortU' of about 140.' I said to ber — ' 140? \~y?a ,ueaa be will bave a majority of 14t?^' She wrote 'No.' 'How mocb, tb^ti 7' «»'?- *? Tben she wrote— '1400.' leaio -Youmeap 1400?' *' Yes,' ehe wrote ; ' I tbi^ tbat will bB ?bout tbe proper figure.' Tb? result was declared about nine tbe follovciu' 0,Vi tbe26tb, wben tbe figures were as iolIoj?B: | —John Morley, L. 12 983 ; P» Ralll, L.U., 11,244 ; majority, 1739. In the evening at sis o'clock, Julia wrote:—' I amen glad about tbe New castle election. I told you that Morley would bave a majority of 140J, and you see b« bat 1700 majority. He baa 300 more tbao I mid. Tbls it doe tn tbe fact tbat more voted than I bad expected.' JULIA AND HER BODY. Jti.Ua occasionally ubbb tbe baDd of an other friend to convey messages. Tbe following' passages are extracts from letters written by ber to Miss E — - Wben 1 left yi-u, flartluK, you thought 1 was gone from you for ever, or at least till you also passed over. But I was never so dear to you as after I bad, what you called, died. I found myself IreB from my body. It was sucb a strange new feeling, I was standing close to tbe bedside oo which my body was lyiosi I saw everything iu the room (uat as be fore I closed my t-yes. 1 did not feel any pain 'dying;' I felt only a great calm aod peace. Then I awoke, and I was etandiDg outside my old body room, There was no 'oDe tbere M Btst, lustmyself aud my old body. At first 1 wondered I was so strangely well, -if16'? I saw tbat Ih^-d passed over. I waited about u little ; Then the dcur iv'.ubd Mrs. H. came Iu. HUewasveiy i(1;»ns addressed my pour body as M it r « iu.v self. I was si Mitiiug looking -. t-er, nut all ber though!* were upon th' body I had left betilnd. I did not try to speak at first ; I waited to st-e wbat would happen. Then I felt as though a «Mat warm flood of llgbt bad come Into tberouin. and I saw bo angel, She, lor ahe seemed lo be a female, came to me And paid— 'I am sent to teach you the 4awH of tbe new life,' And as I iehe gently ti^iobed tne and said-- «e ^nust go.' 'i'ii«n I left the room ami ray .jioor old body, anil passed ouj. It w'« tl- .Btrauge i tbe streets were full of spirits, i ?oould ssB tbem as we passed ; toey itemed to be Just like onnelw*- Wy angel had wlugs ; tbey were very h»»titl fnl. She waa all robed In while. We went at first through the streets, tben we Went through the all1, till we came 'o tbe plaoe wbore we met frinnds who had pasted od before. JULIA IN PARADIBE. I found myself In a groat expanse of landscape where I bad uaverbseu before, I wbb alone ; that Is, I saw no oun. But you are never really alone. We urn al ways living In the prisenceoFOnd. But Isawnoone, Then I heard a voice. I did not pee from whence It came, or who spoke. I only heard Ibn words, 'Julia, Iff, who saved thee, woul-i fain epoak with thee.' I listened, --ut no words other than these were Hp-iU»n. Then I said— ' Wbo Ib it that speaks ? ' Aud behold a uarniDg are-remiy iihh urw iu i.uiu-tu shape, I was afraid. Then be 'poke aud said — ' Be not afiaid. It Is I, wbo am appointed to tear.b th'e the seoret things of God.' Tben I saw tbat the brightness as of fire was only tbs brightness thai oomes from tbe radiant love of the im mortals. Then the (laini-bilght One eald tome, 'Julia, heboid ynui Siviotir! ' and when I looked I saw Him. He was sitting on b seat close to me, and He said — ' Beloved, in my Fatbet's Houbb are many mansions; here am I whom you bave loved so long. I bave prepared a place for you.' And I eald, ' Where, oh, my Lord?'1 He smiled, and In Ihe brightness nf that emiie I saw tbe whole landscape change as tbe Alps change in tbe snuset, wbicb I saweo olteu from the windows of my hotel at Lucerne. Tben I eaw that I wbb not alone, but all around aud above were fair aod loving forms, some of tbose whom I bad known, others of whom I bad heard, while Sjroe were strange. Bat all were friends, and the air was full of love. And Id the midst of all was He, my Lord and Saviour. Tbere is mucb more to the eame effect, bnt tblB may suffice. 