THE toUntbte; The Bishop of Melbourne paid his periodial visit lo this town on Monday last for the purpose of administering the right of confirmation. His lordship, accompanied by MrsGoe, left Melbonrne the same morning, and was met atTabilk by the Misses Bear, whose guest he wss, and taken to Chateau Tahbilk. After lutifcb he"was driven to the • • n w ng tne hymn -u, .iosu, I have promised, The Rev. T Moorliousc ead the psifacc, i after which the — • ad • hitraacu dfessed the bim cam candidates in an earuest and simple aimtili.ttiflmif.tvra ftanner, reminding them of thoir promise, and exho.ting them to make use of tho giftto be expected that day. The candidates —nine females, viz., Misses E. L. Sullivan, M.Blaynev, A Faulkner , F.O VI'lnnes. g. M. Muller, A. C. Braund, 8. M'Neil H. Buchanan, and J. L. Harper and five males, viz., F. W. M'Neil, E.G. Boddy, M. F. Aeche, k S. Basolcy. and J. H. Millett (totul fourteen) were presented byMrH.gg.o o ttieB^hop forth, laying on ofliand., after which the hymn •• Our BlestTledeemer was »"ug. The Bishop then pressed the con. jjiegHtiuii gregation present,. |irtwuuii, The aii« rest .of mw the somen was wir proceeded nracauded with, followed.by the hymn " Thine for ever," and completed by the Bishop's blessing. MrsT. Blayney, with her usual hospitality, invited the Bishop and officiating ministers to dinner during tne evening. A pleasing event was the welcome given to the Bishop and Mrs Goe by the churchpeople in the evening, which took the foru of a cohversatione, the leading features being vn'osl and instrumental music of a high order, addreises by the local ministers Rev*. T. Moorhouse (who occupied the chsir), J. B.Goldsworthy (Primitive Methodist), and J. Seville (Presbyterian), light refreesbments wtte'lianded round by will, ing bunds, and .the Bishop delivered a splendid address. The room was tastily arranged with draperies and flowers, gipsy tables were plentifully strewn in convenient places,- and the surroundings gavo a homely appearance, which was justified by the sociable feeling displayed by all present. The Chairman opened the meeting promptly at eight by announcing the first item on the programme, a pianoforte over: ture " the Norwegian Bridal March" by Mies Alleyne., The Misses-Bear came next with an instrumental trio—piano, violin, and 'cello—composed by L. Liebej this, as all their i'emi, was well applauded. Miss C. Hill followed with "Won't yon tell me •why, Robin." Mr Tucker, who is nsw to a Nagambie audience, rendered in a welltrained'bast voice "The lJiver," and nmcb pleasure was manifested at tils effort A recitation by that, general favorite, Miss Leslie, entitled " The road to Heaven, was delivered With much pathos and effeot. The'Chalrmsn 'thsn called on The Rev. J. B, Uoldsworthy, whosaidhe was pleased to be present thatf evening, He felt gratified to assist Sn any way in welcoming" the Bishop of Melbourne to to Nagambie. Although' he 'had read a great deal in the paper* about Bishop Goe, be never had the pleasure of m«ftinR"him until that evening. There wos ho doubt in his (the rev. gentleman's)'mind thSt he wu a live Bishop, ss shown by thV interest-he took in the questions oTtbetdey IrbmHIme to time, and 1 without'Battering the'Bishop he must admit thst1ie#as'a rtaVpraCticai msn. It afforded him rortliKisure to meet 'Bishop Goe'ttnd the olbfcr 1rev; gentlemen platform that everiing. shd tliBt' it weald be productive ofgotid to iill ehurehts. The epeslier conclllSed by hoping J that' they Would meet toftither iriore ofun than in the , P^j'ifes & Bssr'ijontribiited aoavatinaby 'Haff on the violln; wHioh was eo delightful tbnt the auaiehoe' demandedencore, » iece by Thome, enHtled "Simp-le-Aven" Seing performed. Tht. Misses Tye and G. Hill sang .. - tboWukiful duet, '-Br«.tbe not t , urtiug, T Neville, who remarked that iS^^rBfmm thrOhurS ^England SSSSSSfc cuiibn ofthedkvofhumillatlon infl'prayer, m acre more weretwo iwu l Teasons —- i*»Buua • vhv ""j, why ha «« he m .firufifit resent — on u :, the pldtfOrmthatnight,- the 'flrsfbeing to reoiprooste -the'kihdryftoHng shoTO by «e HeV. Mr MWrhoose jb ^atte^ing bis in- ? ? Hit word. A sun-dial is used to tell the time of day, bnt if there be nosunshino tho dial was useless. So with the Uiblo. The sunshine of the Holy Ghost must stream in on the heart and understanding before our eyes can seo the precious^ truths contained in His word. He uoticed a number of young ladies present, anil lie might nay the Church v...-.-.. of England —»• never had more , use . f" young ladies than now He would like to see a branch of the U.rls Wiendly Society established in Nagambie doing useful work. One result of the World's Fair at Chicago had liecn to show that there were banded together in the Girls' Friendly Socicty one million and a quarter women, and it was the biggest oreanisation of women in the whole world. If there was anj lady piesent who could be Rooked up to by tho rest as a lesdor, they might havo a good branch at Nagambie. and when he came here ajain he hoped to congratulate them on the establishment of a branch of' the Girls* Friundly Sooiety. The Bishop resumed his teat amidst applause. Mr Higgin gave "The Brave Sentinel,'- and Misses A. Bazety and Lobb, two promising young performers, a pianoforte duet, " The Shepherd's BveningSong," which was cleverly plsyed. Misses Alleyne and A. Bizeleywere efficient accompanists. Mrs E. W. Hill kindly lent her piano for the occasion. Votes of thanks having been passed to all who assisted, the singing of the National Authem closed the meeting. 