Horsley's Hallucinations. At every stage in life some men fail through indiscretion. "We sincerely hope that Mr. John F. Horsley is not such a man. He certainly has not always, perhaps not often, been a con spicuous success. He has sometimes deplorably failed, as he did on the 29th ultimo, in his efforts to pilot Sir Charles Lilloy through the stormy waters of can didature into the haven of Parliament That failure seems to have chagrined him sorely. In the bitterness of hisdisappoint- ment he has sought for sedatives, or tonics. He was out of sorts. He wanted some nostrum thnt would reBtore him to normal condition! Something that would revive his spirits by traducing or maligning his victors .might be the most rapid and effectual cure. So, on the Monday after the day of vexing tribulation, there came suggestions as to uufair raeaus used by his successful opponents to overthrow him and his ohief. He took those solaces of suspicion into his wounded soul. He took into his ears those soothing yarns. Thoy explained the futility of his great effort, the defeat of his method, the collapse of his hopes, It was a sal vn to vexation to learn how the vexation had come about. Then were reached indiscreet conclusions; then began indiscreet pro ceedings. Blunder trod on blunder's heels. There was the blunder of ussura- ing electioneering rumours to be veritable facts. There was the blunder of drawing certain conclusions from ambiguous premises ; or of roaring assumptions on a foundation of fancies. There was tho blunder of designating as "conspiracy" an interview that may not have had any political pigoificance. There wag the- blunder of proceeding on a false assumption tuaocuse tho Premier of political treachery and chicanery ; and the further indiscretion of doing this to his own oo-workers, for he hod Catholios working with him on Sir Charlei's committee. But we pass on to the most egregious blunder of all, tbe letter whioh appeared in the Telegraph yesterday. On Saturday we asked a plain and straight, question : " "Where did Lilloy 's Brisbane committee obtain the information that M'llwraith had barguined for and secured the solid Catholic vote of the oolony ?" We quoted evidence to show that an allegation to that effect could not be true, the votes of Catholics having gone to allsorta of candi dates. Mr. Horsley proceeds to answer the question in his way, but first admits the indiscretion of using the term " con spiracy." Firstly : Two days after the poll, "letters, messages, and direot statements from leading Roman Catho lios, whose knowledgo and truthful ness are undoubted," explain the cause of " the defection of hundreds of our Secondly, the statements were : (") That Sir Thomas M'llwraith and Mr. Kingsbury were seen going to Dara, on Thursday night, April 27 ; . (J) That conoessions in writing were promised by Sir Thomas in the direotion of subsidies to Roman Catholic sohools ; (0) That on Friday, April 28, " oanvauers were out —some of whom were priests — passing the word to vote against Sir Charles ;" (d) That nuns in sohools taught the child ren the message they were to take home, &o.; ; (e) A low sooiindrel of the most filthy type went round with one of tbe vilest lies, &o.; ; (/) Roman Catholios told Sir Charles's committee " how they re gretted that they had to vote against them." " Such briefly," sayBMr. Horsley, "was the news we rooeived." Then followed measures for prsving the character of some of these reports. Weneed not detail these measures. Ho confirmatory pursuance of a lie can prove it to be truth. On Saturday both the daily papers, on reliable authority, denied that any "conspiracy" or "compact" had bean made between Sir Thomas M'llwraith and Archbishop Dunne on the education ques tion. We went further, and stated that there was no intention to interfere with the Education Aot during the coming Parliament. Sir Thomas M'llwraith did go to Dara on the 27th ultimo, but the subjeot of the Eduoation Act was not dis cussed. The visit had another object. Mr. Kingsbury has published his own sweeping denial of all the allegations relating to his visit to Dnra in company with Sir Thomas, and his being an Orangemen. What has been Mr. Horsley's purpose? He seems to have desired to disparage Sir Thomas M'll wraith, his Government, and his oolleague in Brisbane North by raising the sectarian bogey. He aimed and hoped to influence againBt Sir Thomas some ot the remaining eleotions. If the written promises he refers to exist they should now be produced. A bold statement that they do exist ought not to he made recklessly. Sir Ohorles raised the finanoial " hob goblin," and it drew on him such a storm of indignant protest that he was glad to put it back into its hiding place, and to repudiate the intention whioh his imprudent action too palpably exhibited. Now the seoretary of his committee raises the ghost of a defunct sectarian animosity. It is an insolent assumption to say that " visits at Buoh a time of political exoite- ment to the head of the Catholic Churoh could only have a political sig nificance." But even if a friendly call, or a business call, at the palace of " the head of the Catholic Church " were made in a time of political excitement with an. intention of giving to it the "political significance" of a courteous compliment, that would be a very different thing from going there to make either " conspiracy," or "compact," or "promise" to subsidise Catholic schools in return for the Catholic vote. W e have Sir Thomas M'llwraith's assurance that nothing of the sort has been done. Let Mr. Horsley's informers "of un doubted knowledge and truthfulness " prove the contrary. We are not going to set at work a staff of iuquirers amongst the priests and nuns, the parents and children, of the Catholio Church to ascer tain whether Mr. Horsley's statements about them are true or false. It is for us enough that in this colony there exists not a "universal" (forthat would in clude Catholics) but a general " antagon ism to any return to denominational subsidies " for education, and that nothing of that sort can be done without the amendment of the present Education Act. More than this, the opinion is growing rapidly that the duty of Parliament will be, ere long, to curtail, not inorease, the public expenditure on free education. The demooratic tendencies and socialistic demands of a oertain clasB of people are taking the country in the direction of national insolvency. Mr. Horsley's letter, where it is not conoeitedly assumptive is conspicuously offensive. He is not content with making objectionable charges on frivolous rumours against the Premier and Mr. KingBbury, but he insults Archbishop Dunne, the priests, the nuns, and the people of the Catholic Churoh. He accuseR his Grace the Archbishop of prevarication ; — his Grace was, it is stated, interviewed sn this subject ; " he did not say that such promises were made, hut neither on the other hand would he denv that t.liey were made." Perhaps his Grace was annoyed at the impertinence of his interrogator. In any case no person who knows Archbishop Dunne would aocuschim of either equivo- nation or prevarication. Hardly loss discreditable is tho insinuation of corrupt serresy in these words: "Perhaps Sir Thomas will inform the public through Parliament what was the nature of those eonoessions." If Mr. H rslev is so ignorant of parliamentary work as to suppose that any sort of concessions in u case of this sort can be made without, tho knowledge of Parliament, Sir Charles Lilley is not. Parliament is the sole custodian of the country's funds Worse than discourteous ; worse than discredit able; worse than offensive, is Mr. Horsley's climax : " I, and those who think with me, oannot have any other opinion than that a political fkin- spirncy against the publio policy of the country on the education question has been formed. Or else we must conclude that the Reman Catholic vote was ob tained by delusive promises; whilst tbe Orange vote was given in consequence of unfounded convictions entertained by Orangemen about their oandidate." After regretting the use of tho word " sonspiracy " in his telegram to Charters Towers, Mr. Horsley hro repeats it with deliberate purpose. u Hp. and those who think with hira " aro compelled to accept, the alternative of " a political conspiracy against tho publio polioy of the country on the education question,"' or trickery by Sir Thomas M'llwraith. Possibly it iB not of any great consequence to the stability and welfare cf thiB colony what Mr. Horsley may persist in thinking, after the error of his thoughts has been exposed and the sting of his sectarian malice has been extracted. But if he imply that "those who think with him" in- clude all the Orangemen of Queensland, and that they are all imbued with the same meanly suspicious nnd despicably unfair spirit as himself we must bolicve that his uncharitableness is leading him into as false a misestimate of their disposition as he has formed a misinterpretation of the causes which led to Sir Charles Lilley's defeat at the poll for Brisbane North. These are not timeB in whioh Orangemen should he misrepresented or misled, or Roman Catholios be traduood or ex asperated. It is the folly of political fanatioism and the idiotcy of political exasperation to foment sectarian ill- feeling at suoh a juncture of perils as this. The man who at- tempts to do it is no true patriot. In Queensland we cannot afford to affront anybody's religiom feelings, or anybody's safe political predilections by the insist encies or inconsistencies of nltra-demoorats whose lack of success in attempts to make their way in the world, fills them with envy of those whose heads are rightly screwed on. Faots are against Mr. Horslev. We give but one. It is enough. Fogarty, head of the poll at Toowoomba, is a Catholio. He and W. H. Groom, were supported by the solid Catholic vote. 