i lfffilM Blfilii Tragedy. \- UricHfiBE lifers. ";' By ALffB FHiLPOTIV Avtbot of ".Hat Little EpuodeV ' A Bunch «C Violeta," 11 Two Xta&s; Uvea," etc. Scare— A natural arbor in a private wood. SVlte— Buor o'clock on the afternoon of an Augoat day. DaAiLtHs IersonjtsA beautiful girl and two men. The girl looks frightened and appealing. Of the two men one stands in a threatening attitude, with a fierce gleam in tueoyee J the face of the other wean an ex pression half-triumphant, half-sad. This facial expression is lie only discernible dif ference between the two men. There could be no mistake about it, they urate wonderfully alike. Hair, eyes, com- j plexion, figure, carriage even were Identical, and astheir own mother had more than onoe mistaken the one for the other, anyone else " Small wonder !" said t&eirold; aorse'nnoB to one of the many persons who remarked on the likeness. u Thev were barn on Twelfth Night, and -all Twelfth Night children are alike ; if the -faces aren't the same, their aoulsare. And would you bare twin's faces unlike eaoh other 1" Still, it was oonf using and when the boys grew older and went to Harrow the likeness waa a constant sonroe of amusement and bother to everyone. The fellows never knew which was which, and the mistakes reached a culminating point when Lawrence was caned for a fault of Harry's 1 don't wonder at your making the mis take," said the wife of the head master when, later on, he somehow found cut or was told off his mistake. " I never saw each a mar vellous likeness before, and when I think of bow 1 have several times heard them say the same thing at the ssme moment, T feel inclined to believe there is some occult metaphysical tie between them. They are like dissevered Siamese Twins." ' X can't. say I quite agree with you/ re plied the doctor drily. 44 1 see one striking difference between toe Masereenes. .While it in part and parcel of Lawrence' a nature to suffer quietly tor hi brother' fault, you will never find Harry doing anything of the kind for Lvwreuoe. And if you look well into iheir faces, yon will gee that the ex pression is correspondingly different." As the doctor bad suffered somewhat from the practical joke of wbioh Harry bad been the ringleader, it was but natural that he should take this view of the matter — or so bis wife thought. She whs a clever, far- seeing woman and had observed the boys closely so felt justified in sticking to her own opinion. " I think we had hetter enter at different colleges," said Lawrence, when the uncle, who was their guardian — their parents had been dead for some years — decided they should both go to Cambridge. " We can nee almost as much of each other, and having different houses, will be a sort of distinction for us, and prevent confusion." "Not a bit of it," replied Harry, "It's the confusion that makes the fun. Let's stick to each other through thick and thin do the same things always, live with each other, and confnse people as much as we can. It will be no end of fun." And they did manage to get a good deal of fun out of the two or three years that changed them from boys to men, and the mistakes kept occurring almost as often as before. Not quite, however, for though the faces of the men were a much alike aa those j of the boy p had been, their development of character had given each countenance its own particular distinguishing character istic. Harry had inherited the daring, deter mined, fiery temper of bis soldier father ; he was "sudden and quick in quarrel, 11 and never forgot an injury or slight. Lawrence bud more of the easy-going Irish tempera ment, waa generous to a fault, and just a little inclined to be swayed by circum stances. Tt was but natural that Harry ehonldtoke the lead in most things, and he did. Both brothers were great fa vori ties, and led a jolly, comparatively uneventful life till— they found that it didn't do to always do exactly the same thing as each other! | No, there wasn't much "fun" about it when they both fell in love with Tom North's pretty sister. It became a very serious 1 matter indeed when eaoh discovered that too other shared the feeling, and that it was no fancy either— that Muriel North was their one. their only love. Whether she mixed them up in her mind sad occasionally mistook La wrence for Harry and vice versa, it is difficult to decide ; the fact remains that she seemed to give equal en couragement to both, and both hearts were equally set on her. The first sign that the brothers gave each other of their serious feelings was, that from talking a great deal about her, they began to ignore any mention of her name. It was not long before this silence affected other subjects too, and instead of talking freely to eaoh other on all and every subject, they seemed unable to talk about anything but matters concerning the everyday routine of life. And gradually, bat sorely, a coldness sprang up between tbem. As the days went by, relations grew more strained till it became almost unbearable. At last the crisis came. "Hal," Bald Lawrence one night when, they had returned from a dance where Muriel, looking " like an angel" in her floating white robes, had been the queen of the even ing, "Hal. I cant bear this any longer! Though we hare said nothing about it, yon know as well as I that we both love the same woman. It is nobody's fault that it is. so, but it is a great misfortune, and before we settle any thing definitely I want yon to tell me candidly what your feelings in the matter are." For a minute Harry was silent. Then he raised his head and looked his brother foil in the face. " She is the only woman in the world for me," he said slowly; "and I mean to marry her." " That is for her to decide,'' said the other, warmly, his already strained temper finding vent in a littie bitterness caneed by the way in which his words were taken. ' I might say the same thing, but the saying of it wouldn't bring it to pass." "Not only do I say it"— there was a glean) in Horry's eyes as he spoke — " but I swear that she shall many me or no "She ber&elf; shall decide that," repeated Lawrence qnietly, the p&lor; of his face ehow- snir how deeply his brother's words had moved And so she shall," said Harey, with con fidence. It has a! way# been a case of veni, vidi, vioi with him, and why should it lie otherwise now f "I mean to speak to her on the first opportunity that presents itself." It woe Lawrence's turn to be silent for a little while now. For a minute he held ooatmnnion with himself; then his face Inighteocd. 41 So be it," be said at last. ' And If «ie loves you, I wish you every happlntosfrom the Bottom of my heart. Shake hands, old fellow." Hay took- the proffered hand, bothere J was no smile on his face, nor yet dld he snake any reply- to his brother's candid words. /When a man of hi. disposition eete fcia j heart on apjiMng, "till that tiling is gained , < lost thBre as nothing else in the world tor him. . , Bat before the ooveted opportunity aune, " joomethinfr ;f>f importance happened, ii SnugUpaiftar th, conversation, a telegram 1 mnjjffimmrooningthebrathers to Sie Bed- apmytoSteiaitaitirepatations.wnd'mthigsn BBlSMSWwtafiWaftSt Ireland. - :? 'f - -T." , . , hissebure, end all that was left for them to do was to follow him to the grave. There Was the reeding of the will to be listened to, too, but neither of them thought much about that. Though ihe property was not Hubailed , end nothing definite bad been said to them about it, they were quite sure they were co heirs to their unde'e estate. But oa tbi" point they found they were mistaken. Without giving any reason for the. division, or reyiug anything uhout it beyond the mere statement of the bure fact, !tbe dead man, with theexception ot a couple of hundreds a year for Harry, had leftevery- thmg for L&wtfcue.; True, ho waa the elder of thetwo, but tiii did not warrant the dis tinction, and Lawrence's anger and disgust knew no bounds. "It's scandalous !" he said ungrilv, when he had digested the news. 44 Whatever he did it for, I can't imagine. There's neither -rhyme nor reason in it. He knew wealways went share tmd share alike in everv thing." " Perhaps he thought we should do better apart for the future," said Harry, a little bitterly. He had a fair little income of his own besides this new legacy and did not care much for money, but, naturally, at heart he felt hurt beyond measure at what seemed to him a alight. " Then he made a mistake," exclaimed Lawrence, hotly. " Of course, we shall do as we always have done. We will share the inoome. and not only is the place as muoh yourssBmine, but yon shall take the reins of government in your hands. I shall have deeds drawn up to that effect at once.'' But Harry would not listen to any arrange ment of the kind. If the uncle had wished him to have auyihing to do with the place, he himself would have so arranged it. After a great deal of talk and argument, Lawrenoe saw it was useless to press his sohem« further, and a sentence of his brother's showed him that after all perhaps it was best that they should part for at least a time. Harry had thanked him ootdially for his generous offer. " Besides," he added, mean ingly, after urging his adventurous disposi tion, his dislike of a settled life, and hatred of " the doll routine of landlordism." " Be sides, there is Muriel ! As I told yon before, I mean to speak to h<r on the first oppor tunity." The opportunity has come at last, and we have arrived at the cene in the wood. There, ooe lovely August afternoon, almost, directly after he reurned j Camtobridge, Harry Masereeue meets Muriel North, and in a characteristically bold, manly way, puts his late to the test. But, &la;» for his hopes ! Poor Harry I Kit idly but firmly, the cells him ehe ha? no feeling for him hut that she has for other friends, ami it is in vain that he (trctes and pleads. She will not oven give bira 44 the ray of hope for tne future," for which he begs, and at last, in desperation, he asks if she loves anyoueelse. Then her face tells its own tale. Tbe idea and thoughts this confirmation of his new-born suspicions raise in his breast, together with the disappointment of his dearest hopes, awakes all of the tiger that lies dormant in the breast of Harry M&sereene.; Forgetful of all save the frustra tion of all bis plans lor future happiness, hot words rise to his lips, aud calling her " Flirt !" 41 Coquette I" he walks quickly away. Five minutes later Lawrence Masereene, who is strolling meditatively through the wood, hie thoughts intent on what tbe next few days will bring forth, stop near the arbor, his footsteps arrested by the sound of & sob. He look in, and been the girl he loves in tears— in treat distress. It is too much for bim, and in lean than two minute, not only are the tears dried, but she ha« confessed her love for him, and is in his arms. While iu this position, a sound makes them raise their heads. Before them stands Harry, his face white and drawn, hie eyes wild aud fierce. He has already repented his angry wordr, aud has come back to say so, and beg forgiveness. And he comes buck to find this I For a minute the brother ttare silently into each other's eyes, and then a dark flush rushes over Harry's pale face. "You shall never marry her !" he cries, wildly. "Never! I swear it!" He tarns and is quickly lost to sight. And they see him no more till PART II. It is Twelfth Night, and the good old- fashioned festival is being kept np in right merry style in many places in tbe United Kingdom. But nowhere is it being celebrated with more mirth and merriment than at Haughlin Hall, the place where Lawrence Masereene and Pis pretty young wife reign. Tbe old house is full of guests, aud mirth and merriment reign supreme. " There is only one thing I wonld have altered," says Lawrence to his wife, early iu the day, "and fben my contentment wculd be complete. 1 with Harry were here. 1 lie dear old fellow would be the life and soul of us all." 44 Harry here !" exclaimed Muriel in sur prise. "Oh, Lawrence, have you forgotten your parting ?" 44 Not literally ; unfortunately, one can't altogether forgets eceue of that kind. But I sympathise quite deeply enough with the poor old boy, to practically forget it. I expect he feete just the same himself, and any day now I should not be surprised to hear be ie coming home." The prospect does cot seem to afford Muriel the pleasure it gives ber husband. 'I cannot forget bis face when he said you should never marry me, she says, with a little shiver, " that look haunts me, and the thought that I was the cause of it all often makes me sad." " Silly child !" he says fondly, " you couldn't help us both loving yon, could yon And as to what he said, wasn't it natural that he should express himself strongly under eaoh a disappointment P With his fiery temper and hatv tongue, my only -wonder is that he didn't say something much worse. Poor old boy ! But he was always so ready to forgive — where I was concerned, at all eventa— and has forgotten all about it by now, I expect." " I wonder why be dosen't write and tell ns where he is," she says, a little comforted by her husband's words. I can't quire make it oat," be replies, thoughtfully. " Perhaps he is a little ashamed of his temper, and thinks we have not forgotten it ; jast as if we should bear a grudge — absurd! Why" — drawing ber closer to him — "I believe I would forgive anything where you are concerned, my darling." And then the conversation tarns to a more personal channel, and Hairy is forgotten again for a time. Indeed, there has not been much time for thinking of Mm at all since tbe day of the quarrel. As rnon after the uncle' death as deoency would permit, ia wrence and Muriel were married, and a prolonged and blissful honeymoon came to an end but a month ago. Since then there hare been many other matters to claim hi thoughts and attention. Hw uncle had been notoriously eccentric, bat that any rune man conld have so utterly mismanaged his affairs wag a perpetual source of wonder to those who now looked into tbem affairs. Tbe property had been shamefully neglected, the tenants had been allowed to doexactly as they likedf and every thing was generally npside down. Now his marriage had awakened a good many hitherto dormant and unsuspected qualities in Lawrence, and he not only said, bat proved by his actions that he meant to be a model landed proprietor." The first thing he did was to get rid of the old, worse than useless, servants, and engage a com pletely new set ; and with & good steward at the head of affairs, and himself personally over-looking matters, he was just beginning to feel his way to new and healthier morals and manners. .Already the tumble-down hate had been patched up; the plans for new cottages were advanced In preparation; sanitary matters were being -closely looked into— and indeed they needed it— end rent was aeked of those jwho lived on his property. Of oonrse, it was only natural thai the tfpiwh ufiouM resent this brutal tyranny, and many of them gave their landlord a great Seal of trouble, hat Lawrence wisely ignored i all the grumbles and growls around him, and calmly went on hie way rejoicing in the Btre&gth; of satisfied hopes and ambitions. This morning, however, ho feels just a little inclined to grumble at his position. A "business letter is in tbe post-bag, and after reading i., it is with no little disgust he announces that business will carry him away this morning to a town souie twelve miles distant. 44 Of coarse, you will b« back long before ball-time comes on," say a pretty girl who is to make her debut at the ball her host is giving this evening. " He will be back in time for some skating this afternoon, I hope," says Muriel, smiling a little appeal to him. " I really don't know, "he replies. 11 There is no need for me to say I shall be book as soon as ever Icon— in time for seme skating, I hope. In case, though, it is late in the afternoon before I return, I leave you master of the ice revels, Dwarrie. and shall hold you responsible for aoy lives that are lost by drowning." ' No fear of my shoulder growing bent, or my hair turning white under that respon sibility," lauirhe the yonug man who owne the name of Dwerris. 44 It would require a good deal of genius and certainly more strength than any of ub possess to make a hole in the ice to-day. But I hope you will be there to test it yourself." 14 Muriol,'' says La wrence a little later when hie hoive is brought round, 41 it's rather funny, bat I cau't get rid of an idea that old Hal is coming back to-day. If he does come — and I feel sore be will — of course, yon will treat bim as if nothing has happened ?" 44 Of course, I shall," #he replies. 41 He II He shall come— home," 44 Good-bye, -then, my darling — I hope to be back by three." And with a lover-like embrace, he goes. But his word about Harry remain in Muriel's mind. She, too, has been thinking a good deal about the wanderer all that auc the preceding day, wondering where he was. and when they should see him again, and how they would meet. Indeed, eo far does her husband's presentiment fit in with one of her own, she feels sure all these wonder- ings will be at rest to-day. 44 Morris.' she Bays to tbe maid who helpe heron with her furs after lunch, 41 if a Mr M&sereene; — your master's brother — should come thi« afternoon while I am out, tell James to bring hiaa down to the lake to me at once." But the afternoon wears on, and neither of the Mr Mastecno put in an appearance at the lake. Meanwhile tbe merry party ha a very good time of it, and when the short day closes aud tor -he and coffee are brought on the ice, thp un waxes fa-t &ud; furiou«. At last, however, it ie time to go hack aud dress for dinner. 44 We shall find Lawrence there, too," say Mr Maaereeoe to Dwarriu, at» he rakes her akates off. 41 Yes, I expect we shall. It really waa too bad that he should be taken away like this." 44 Ah, business is burines. yon see, and tnnpt be attended to." say Muriel, sagely, airing with much gravity tbe only thing she knows about it. " And tbe sense of duty performed will make him enjoy the ball all tbe more thie evening, ehr" iaughe Dwarrifi. Muriel laughs, too, but her steps hasten as she gets near home : and a pang of disap pointment make itself felt when she finds that her man of business has not yet re turned. Bat it is time to dres«, and her elaborate toilette require fomectire «nd thought. Not enough, however, to prevent u little anxiety creeping iDto her thoughts as the minutes wear on end bring no Ltwrence with tbem. Tbe business was not o very important after all, and why need it keep him so late on thi. of all night- And the roBd are very lonely and dark, and he is alone — — But these thought are unbearable, and silly, too! She will not encourage such ridiculous ideas ; aud her face, at all events, betrays no shade of the feeling when she takes Iter place at the bead of the table, opposite an empty chair. 4 He will be here in a few minutes now.'" she says, smilingly, in answer to the inquiries that go r-jand. " I have prepared a tremendous scolding for him for hie tardi ness, too." But it looks ns if the scolding will have to be deferred till to-morrow, for dinner is over, and the house party in the ball-room, ana there is no icn of Lawrence. Poor Muriel begins to get very anxious now. This is their first effort in tbe way of hospitality ; over two hundred guests have been bidden to the dance, and ie she to I receive them all alone? The prospect seems terrible, and the horrible thought that some thing very muoh worse then business is keeping him, grows stronger and stronger with every tick ot the clock. ' Oh, there he is ! ' she crres, a there is a distinct eouDd of arrival. And forgetful of al! dignity, t-hc rons to greet hiiu. Bnt it is only the first arrival, and she has to walk soberly back and do the honors alone. And now all becomes bu«tle and move ment. The frou-frou of silken gowns, the tap-tap of high heels, tbe sabdued murmur of voices aud chorus of greetings grow in voiume with every minute : the musicians tone up and finally begin to play ; end still the host is missing ! But Muriel bears up bravely. The float ing white robes of her girlish days have given place to the rich silk of her wedding gown, and, if auythmg, the looks lovelier than on the night that her husband and his brother first quarrelled about her. Excitement and anxiety have brought an exquisite color to her cheeks, her eyes shine like stars, and her beauty and grace make her the cynosure of all eyes, the topic ou every tongue. F.xcept for the restless glitter in her eye, no one conld gaess by anything about her of tbe heartache, tbe misery she feels; calmly and even gaily she greets her guests, telling them with a 6mile that her poor hard-worked husband will be here directly to apologise for himself. An hoar ago she secretly despatched ser vants to meet him, and surely, surely, she thinks in an inward agony, be will be here in a minute ! So, the lovliest of all the women present, she joins the dancers, and later on the strains of 44 Love's Dreamland" bring Dwarris to her side. 41 Come in here." she says in a low tone, motioning him to tv conservatory. I can not dance any more- He has not come yet — what shall I do— what can keep bim'r" 44 Business keeps him, of course/' he re plies, soothingly. 44 Ha must be home directly — perhaps even now he is dressing upstairs. Won't you sit down here, and go over the scolding ro as to have it ready for him?" "No! no!" she criee, pushing the hair from ber forehead. 44 1 am desperately in ; earnest. I cannot tell you how alarmed, how terrified 1 am. Something must have happened to hiui ! What can it be? Where is he?" Soothing words were evidently of no avail, and there is more than a shade of anxiety in Dwarris's eyes as he listens to her words. It doe1 look stranqe, awfully queer. And she is quite justified in her elarm. "I'll tell you what I will do," he says, after a moment's thought. 4 4 I'll go mytelf to meet him and hurry htm on." With so thought but that for her husband, Muriel accepts the offer, and Dwarris quietly and swiftly leaves the ball-ioom to set out on his errand of discovery. But it is an errand on which he never goes. A minute later a tremendous peal of the hell reverberates through the Then another ! And another ! Then into that gaily-decorated place, atnid the strains of joyous music and the scent of rare flowers, where all ia light, and mirth, and laughter, walk four men bearing A stretcher ! Instantly, horror becomes written on every face of those who are seeking coolness in the hall, and as a wave of terrified, transfixed silence rushes over them, a radiant white form runs into the midst of it alL It is Muriel, In on second she in the scene before her— the dread hush, the horrified faces, and the four rough with their harden. Ashy pale grows her face as with trembling limbs, she walks over to the men and draws aside the coatsc covering that hides the quiet form they carry. One glance at the still, white faco with a ghastly streak of blood across it is enough. He ie dead 1 Murdered ! With a wild cry, she falls like a d?ad woman by his ride. PART HI. Place— A Court of Justice. Scene — Two men being tried for the murder of Lawrence Mrii-orotne. That it had bean murder there cr.uld be no doubt. Poor Masereene hed been detained in Bally-Haughlin till the afternoon, and had then declared hi intention of hurrying home. He was last soen'slivo by a friend P&st; whom he had. ridden on hi- homeward road, and some five boar later his body wa found in a dry ditch about, mid-way between Bally-Haughlin and the Hall. Ho vra quite dead— had evidently been o for eotne time, and had been shot through the bead and lungs. The morning after that dreadful Twelfth Night his wife was in a raging fever, and in littie more than a week, tbe poor child — she was only nineteen — was laid beside htr husband in the family vault. So a double murder was laid at the door of the unknown assassin. And tbe burning question that agitated every mind for miles round was — who bad done the dreadful deed? For a time nothing could be discovered ; bnt at last questions of possible motives, conjectures and inquiries, resulted in sus picion becoming attached to two brothers of the name of O'Gr&dy.; One of them was a desperate character who lived by poaching and theft, and had a but two or three miles from the scene of the murder. The other was one of the servants who bad lived at the Hall under the old master, but had been dismissed as dishonest fay the new one. While he lived at tbe H&U; be had avowedly bad nothing to do with his brother ; since he left there the two had lived together — none knew how. The chief evidence against tbem was given by a farmer, who told bow, passing along tbe road at dnsk and getting near the place where the body was afterward found, he had observed two figures larking ia the hedge. Then a man spnug forward and tried to stop his h"r«e, but hi nnim.il, a iwt- tlesome cnlt, quickly g.-illoped puM them. He could almost swear the man wuk one of the O'Gradys. A iiunemitli deposed to soiling a revolver to the elder may a month ago. Some spots of blood were found on a shirt belonging to them. The elder man bad been heard to utter threats as- ainstMrMasereene, who was down on all »tich characters, nod had threatened to have him imprisoned. On the part of the ynunzer, desred revenge for his dismissal wa brought forward a a possible motive. The evidence was considered strong enough to bring about the arre-t of the twr, and eventually they were committed for trial. The romance of it all — happening in uch a way and at such a time, and wrecking so utterly two such promising young lives, touched the hearts of themotcailoushesrerB, and leaving sensation out of the question, the general mourning for the terrible -death of the gay, handsome young fellow and his beautifnl girl-wife, was heart-felt and wide spread. So, naturally the greatest excite ment prevailed, and as the time for tbe trial came on, no one seemed able to thiuk or talk of anything but "The Twelfth Night Tragedy." a the paper called it. Under the inflaenoe of a rumor tliatsprang up and ru«bed like wild. fire, this excitement grew to fever-beat. Somehow — wo one ex actly know how— a report got about that the brother of the murdered man had committed tbe deed ! Whether the delirious ravings of tlic poor dead wile, her wild talk ahont Harry's fierce eyes and 44 he said you never should marry me, and now he has a knife, and look ! look I he i trying to 6tab you- -oh, save me ! save me, Lawrence ! Oh don't kill Lawrence, it is not his fault that I love him instead of yon. Oh, save me ! ave me !"— whether this, with the fpLrthar aonfinaatjoD of the moid'fl story of how her mistress had said Mr Masereene wa? expected that afternoon, was at tbe root of it : or whether 6ome idle tales about the quarrel the brother had about Miss North, and how H&rry; had been deprived of both bis love and inheritance by his brother, took shape and grew into distorted life, was never known. But it was whispered about that Harry was suspected of the marder, and at; lost there were those who — in hie absence— declared boldly that Harry Masereene had done the dreadful deed. So matters stood when at last the assize- day came, and &6 tbe trial (tbe first on the list) pro'jefcded, aud it wub seen that nothing could be proved agaiost the prisoners, the possibility, nay, probability of Harry Mu>ereene being the murderer is openly talked of. A soon as these men are acquitted — and, ot course, they will be acquitted — they will make a search for and fiud the real criminal— that is certain, ho say most of the people in court, and the defence for the prisoners confirm their ideas. Ably and eloquently the defence ie made, and it is with something of triumph that the youog solicitor makes hie points and tarns suspicion, suppose tbe elder man had uttered a threat against deceased — did not all of ue, under the influence of possiou, bay words we did not mean, and that we repented of as soon &S; uttered. And might it uot be expected that thi rough, untutored man should nee stronger words than a gently-nurtured one would ? No oneoould prove that the O'Gradye has been anywhere but in tbeir but on tho after noon and eveniug of Twelfth Day, and as for the blood-stain on the shirt, was there anything criminal in e man cutting his band and accidentally staining hi garments with his own blood ; As for buying a revolver, what waa more natural than that a roan living alone in a wild, folitary place should like to huve the protection of firearm near him ? And if tbe O'Grodysbad ux-d one on the night of the Twelfth day — and one bad been used — where was it ? His clients bad lost tbeir's a day or two after purchasing it. There is a sound of movement in court — a stir — and — 1 4 It is a lie I " shouts a deep voice, fiercely. The words create a profound sensation, and all eye are instantly turned to the spot from whence the sound comes. 44 It is a lie!' repeats tbe voice, sternly. 41 The revolver is in the th&ioh; of an old barn, neir tho place whare yoo murdered Lawrence Masereene, and where yon your self bid it." In common with everyone el«e the prisoners have turned to the speaker of these momentous word. One glance at the man who accuses them i enough. A change comes over tbeir stolid faces, aud with a yell of terror — 44 Oh, God !" the elder man falls fainting to the ground. There, to all appearances, stands the ghost of the murdtred man pointing at him with outstretched am. The excitement i terrific. People stand up, women shriek and faint, all cries of order are disregarded, and tbe judne ie almost the only calm person in tbe building. Who are yoa, and by what right do you interrupt the court jn this manner r" he says loudly, in a stern voice. 44 1 am Lawrence Masereene'e brother, and am sent here by God to sustain tbe charge of murder against these men," replied Harry— for it is he— his face set, his eyes blazing. 44 1 left India because of a dream I had oa Twelfth Night, and have come straight here to avenge my brother' death." This remarkable statement still further increases the excitement, bnt intense curiosity prevails for a time over fear and wonder, and a dead rilenoe takes the place of tbe tumult that greeted the appearanoe of this strange witness— a eilenoe that grows when the judge sanctions the telling of tbe tale of this wonderful dream. Loud and clearings out Harry's voice as he tells & tale that rune something like tbG : l40n Twelfth Night I dreamt that I was with my brother in a room of the inn at Bally-Haughlin, a place in which I had been onoe before. He was engaged on business matters with Mr Bigg, his solicitor, bnt left in the afternoon, saying he most hasten home. Passing through the market he spoke to three or four tneu there, and then rode quickly towards the main read. 44 Although I conld see and bear all that pacd around me, 1 felt sure it was not my bodily presence that thus accompanied )um, buL my shadow or spiritual presence, for he seemed quite unconscious that I was near him. I felt that my being thus prceent be- j tokened some hideous hidden danger which he was destined to meet, And wbioh tuy presence could not avert, for I could not speak to warn him of his peril. He rode briskly Aioug, humming as he went, aud oalted out 'good evening' to some man we met. I bad never been along that road before, and do nst remember noticing anything about it till we oame to a hill, the descent of which brought ue to a dark valley. 4 ' It was now dark, and although I had far 6oen nothing to warrant my anxiety, I felt more certain than ever that death was awaiting my brother- There were high and wtil-wooded hills on either side of the valley, and when we reached a part where oooasioual trees on each side of the road obscured wbat little light there was, my apprehension in creased, till I was in a perfect frenzy, franti cally desirous, yet quite unable to prevent his going farther. Suddeulv 1 beoamo aware that there were two dark forms lurking be- 1 neath the hedge, and I knew that my brother's hour had oome. 44 And so it was. Tha man" — pointing at the younger prieouer— 44eprang forward «md seized the horse's bridle, the other lifted a revolver, took aim and fired twice. My brother swayed and dropped from thee&ddle.; The man, as if to make assurance doubly sure, held him by the throat for a moment, then they dragged or relied his body into a ditch by tbe road-side. The riderless borsc galloped off iu the direction in which it bud just come, and the men hid tbe revolver where I have told you you will find it, and fled into shadows of the trees. 4iTheagonyI had endured through thie terrible scene became insupportable. I rtrug- gled violently, and calling on God, I awoke " To describe tbe impression this wonderful story oreatesis impossible. Never before has anveno hoard anything bo remarkable in real 1 life, and— is it all true? tbey ask. Has he really dreamed it, or is it all a ruse to — but : now he is here and tbey have seen him, those who were most vehement in ousting the darkest suspicions on him, daie not even brefttbe tbem openly. The few hoar that follow the adjournment, of the court prove tbe dream only too true for 'ho O'Grjidyp. The lindinsr of a four barrelled revolver with two empty chambers in the thatch of the barn decribed by Harry is unnecessary for tbe passing of the death sentence on the men, for on coming to him- Hf-lt tho elder ruffian, believing in his terror aud confu-ion that be bad seen tbe ghost of tbe murdered man, confesses to the crime. And ere long, the two murderers have unffered the utmost penalty of the lsw for one of the most cruel, most brutal crimes ever perpetrated, and are transported to a higher, more dreadful criminal-bar than our. Tho history of Harry Masereene from the time of his quarrel with his brother to his appearance in court may be easily guessed. 32nough to ny that he had long since re- nented his hasty word, and had thing g»>oe on in tho ordinary way would soon have left his wanderings aud made peace with his brother and sister-in-law. As it in, from being an object of tbe darkest suspicion, be i« elevated to the position of hero, and hi 44 vision from God" is the wonder of all who hear it. For tbe rest All. me ! Truth i not ody stranger, but oftime sadder, so much sadder, than fiction, and were it not for Time's healing power, life would in many case be but & end and weary thing. Let u hope that ttie hoary- headed father has dealt kindly with Harry Masereene. ' Tin: End 