THÉ SEQ RET. î CH&ETER; X.-^Oontdnued). ' ? I" listened, more convinced than ever _ that¿jthe sooner she .left tome^ the ^ betîër itTwonid be.fother,'andthat "her ¿'absence or presence could, now- make .' but.-little dffierence'^to her father's ~: happiness I had noticed what she \- did not refer to, that 'he* drank more deeply, and bore in all his person the unmistakable, signs of a confirmed tippler. For such a man's life could not be long, at any rate. My one object now was,to^persiade Kathleen to elope with me ;' a fair consent from her father ?I knew we should never obtain, his 'cranky selfishness would prevent that;'but once away, married by the nearest priest-for my darling's religion should be respected by me-at \- all costs-and I should fear neither father's reproaches nor Fat Havy's malice. Perhaps my life in America, practical and unromantic as it had been, had familiarised mo with daring schemes, rash .projects» and unconven- tional behaviour. At any rate, I . firmly determined never to budge from Barravoe till , I had accomplished my object ; and in pursuance of it, not j to alarm or repel her by revealing it j prematurely. For the present I must _ endeavor to procrastinate, and be ready for any emergency. With this idea in view I resolved to be very friendly with Myles Donovan, and to lay myself out to please him . mon than I had done hitherto. I sat a while with him in the afternoon smoking and talking, trying to interest him in things remote from Ireland, . telling him about-, my experiences in America, retailing all the stories I had heard in the course of travels. Myles ; brightened' up. I found bim à well iread .,man, and though narrow and * 'bigoted' on the subjects nearest his \- heart, intelligent and acute in his re- marks. The greater pity, thought I, . that such a maa should pass bis life in . this dreary house brooding over bia wrongs, besotting his brains with whisky, and lowering himself to the level of the beasts of the field Kath- leen threw me a grateful look when she saw thatl kept her father contented and happy. I verily believe this strange girl thought more of my efforts to . please the tiresome old man than of my most passionate protestations of love to herself. However, in my new career of hypocrisy I was forced to be careful and wary. After supper I went out for a while, \- Kathleen having retired for some mysterious confab with Biddy, whose exclamations of delight when she had first beheld me had required prompt suppression on my part; and, some- what fatigued with my efforts to amuse the old man, I confess I needed a little solitude. I went down to the lake, and meditated by the side of its placid waters on the wonderful change in my life. Tied here in this mouldering, damp place, tied by the love of a . womans-I, who in all my life had : never contemplated the possibility of altering anything in the quiet routine of my work-a-day existence. And < yet here T was, ready to marry a j half-educated wild Irish girl, of a1 different religion to myself (though not a rigid churchgoer, or stickler for ceremonies, I yet recognised the dis /!advantages of an alliance with one of , ' another creed),- a girl belonging to a decayed broken-down family-a family in which there was certainly a secret if not a crime-a girl who had known none of the advantages of a refined mother and.feminine influences, but hitherto associated only with an em- bittered and cynical old father given \- to intemperance, and with the queerest and coarsest specimens of young men, not the least attractive of whom she had engaged herself of her own free will to marry. Here was certainly a pretty position for a man like me, to whom respectability, honor, and un- flinching propriety were the watch- words of a spotless career. I was in- deed changed. Thinking thus, I turned and looked up at the dark pile of building before me. The guardian sphinxes frowned sulkily from each side of the disused front door, and the long line of black windows, like dismal eyes in-their solemn silence, remained cold and impenetrable. All at once in one of them, in a room which I knew to be unoccupied, and situated in the wing leading away from my toona, a spectral light began to gleam. It flickered a while unsteadily, as though "some per- san was carrying it from place to place, then settled into quiescence, and burnt quietly and clearly. Kathleen, I supposed, had gone into tiie room to fetch something ; though why she should have done so puzzled me. She had told me once that that row of windows belonged to a set of unoccupied bedrooms, adding that mine was almost the only one fit for habitation'besides their own. Gould this be the room into which I myself had once penetrated 1 I fancied, judging from its position, it must be ; and, in that case, what took Kathleen there? Did she know of the blood- stained handkerchief I had abstracted, and had she sought it vainly? 1 I hurried back to the house, and found Myles in the study as I had left him, slumbering by the low embers of a burnt-out fire, and Kathleen knitting peacefully near. "Where have you been?" she asked, looking up with a smile. I have waited, expecting you, this half hour." I did not answer. I was lost in thought. It must have been Biddy whose light I saw ; she was the only other inhabitant of the house besides myself. " I have torn my coat," I said some- what awkwardly. " I must ask Biddy to mend it." I saw Kathleen take up a pair of scissors, as though volunteering to Assist me; but without waiting I pushed through the swing-door, down the long dreary echoing passages into the kitchen. Biddy was there skinning a rabbit, and singing to herself as un c mcerned'y as possible. I made some stupid remarks to her, and stole out again round to the front of the house. Yes 1 there, true enough, the light was burning still, and I fancy I caught sight of a shadow against the blind. Someone was in the house, then, after all,'someone I did not know, someone whosè presence had been carefully bidden from me. I remembered Kath leen'8 stories about the ghosts, and the j sounds she had heard, and I decided i that she had purposely concocted these | stories in order to put me off my guard j and satisfy my natural curiosity with : superstitious nonsense. I returned slowly:to the study. j "How restless you are this even- ting I" said Kathleen,* wearily folding her knitting. " It is nearly bedtime, and yon have been fiogetting in and out perpetually ever since supper." I apologised humbly, and proposed that we should play backgammon-she bad previously confided to rae her pre deliction for the game. " "íes, if you like," she said, looking at her father. His head had fallen forward on his breast ; he appeared to be asleep. So she fetched the board, and we sat down and played in perfect silence, the light of one greasy candie flaring between us. I could hear the rats running up the wainscot and enjoying a fine game of play behind the mildewy plaster-the only cheerful things in this gloomy house-and the snores of the old man forming a graff accompani- ment, and watch Kathleen's slim fingers moving swiftly over the chequered board, and her long lashes sweeping the fair cheek as she paused to meditate. "We played on quietly till I had won the conquering game, and Myles began to stretch himself. I squeezed Kath- leen's hand meaningly when I said good night, and she colored ap at the pressure like a fresh young peony; then I went slowly and thoughtfully to my own room, pondering on what I had seen. I determined to sit np and not to andreas ; and to extinguish my light, lest it should attract attention. In the chilly dark I sat thus, waiting and .listening, nearly dropping asleep atlast from very weariness and dis- comfort The clock struck 12-the old clock in the hall, with its hoars", wheezy voice, like the voice of some decayed ancestor; and as the last echoingjtoues of the clock ceased to resound, a gentle rustling came from the dooi at the end of the passage-th« very place whence Myles emerged th« night I had watched him. Quick cautious steps stole along swiftly, ant made their way, as I had expected, to the room Myles entered. It was n< ' vision, no fancy, this time ; some om was moving about the house, some om careful to make no noise, and pas; unperceived. "Was it the mysterious some one o the vigil ; and if so, was 1 near to th< revelation of the mystery 1 I stepp« out of my room ; I had so carefully reconnoitred the ground that even ii the dark I could easily find the way and by way of additional precaution '. had divested myself of my shoes, an< held my pistol in my hand. I was i match for any man now, and was a wide awake and alert as at midday, cautiously groped my way tc the roon I suspected, and there, true enough, \ saw a thin streak of light shinin under the door, while a sound of whis pering reached my ears. Surely I was not deceived ; it seemei to me that one of the voices was tha of a woman speaking, though low am guardedly, in Kathleen's unmistakabl silvery tones. "What was she doing there, and wi was in that room ? An unpleasant ri collection of the moonlight intèrvie with "her lover, in which I had su 'prised ber, rushed to my memor Could it be Tim she was harboring thr. clandestinely against her father's knov ledge, against Pat Havy's wishes 1 fx he was the very last man to endui such a breach of her plighted fait] And if so, what could possibly be h< motive i I dared noe pause to reffed at any moment the door might I thrown open, and I should be expose to the view of a furious and despera man. One look at Tim's face that df at Madame Tussaud's had convince me that his nature must be brutal ar degraded, and that the person wi surprised their secret meeting in tl dead of the night need expect i mercy. But I had not the amalle intention of evading danger; it w¡ my only chance of winning Kathlee of finding out what was themysterioi power Pat Havy had over her, and judging once for all whether she we only a good, misguided, and unbap] girl, or a woman lost to all shame ai dishonor. Thewhispering continued. I thou«] I heard a low laugh. Irritated beyoi measure at the thought that perha] they were mocking my folly an«, jee ing at the love I had offered Kathlee I forgot the small amount of pruden I had shown in keeping in the shade of the angle of the wall. I took a fe steps forward, and at that instant tl door opened and Kathleen appeared < the threshold, holding a basket on h arm. Behind her I clearly distinguish) Tim's murderous features, and as tl light projected from the candle he ca ried fell upon my figure I saw hi start, and his fae« convulse with fe and anger. "Kathleen!" I said, holding n ground firmly, " who is this, and wh are you doing at this time of night f Kathleen fell back a little, paralys with astonishment. No doubt a thought me safely asleep in my be Then suddenly remembering her po tion, she tried to shut the door upi me, but I was too quick for her. I hi already stepped into the room. " Who is this maní" T said ; " wh do you think your father would say he knew you harbored him ?" I Kathleen gave me a look of pleadi anguish, Lut I was firm. No gen looks could soften me now. " Answer 1" I said sternly ; " wi does it mean?" Her wretched companion sto staring at me with a glance of hatre but I knew I was a match for hi and only Kathleen's silence troub! me. "What nefarious purpose is t man here for ? Why do you shel him 1 are you an accomplice Ï If j do not speak I shall put the police track, and they will soon give me answer." Scarcely were tho words out of ) mouth ere Tim, with a wild yell, spra at my neck, and in the suddenness the attack nearly throttled me. With some trouble I got my pisl arm free, and pointed the weapon him. In another moment he woi have been dead at my feet, wt I Kathleen, at the imminent risk of being bhot herself, seized my arm ia the midst of our desperate struggle,' crying ont, " Spare him, spare him ! he is my brother ! " Her brother I The effect of these words was. instantaneous. My arm dropped to my side, aud Kathleen, with all her strength; managed to drag the wretch away from me Y then push- ing him down en to the bed, she said : " Lie there, Tim ; don't move. I will settle it all." Tim seemed dazed; his efforts to strangle me had evidently exhausted him ; but his bloodshot eyes glared from under the shock of red hair, and his whole body trembled violently. He was a sad and dreadful spectacle. Keeping the pistol between us, lest he should make another of his swift savage darts at me, I said, as calmly as I could : " If he is your brother, why do you hide him-why this mystery Í" "Because he is-because 'twas he killed Mr. Murray." She sank down on a chair sobbing. "Will you denounce him now V she said. "Oh no, no! you cannot, yon will not be so cruel." Tim made a slight movement; in one moment she was at his side sooth- ing him, and gently patting hts head. "Be quiet, Tim," she said; "Mr. Barclay will not hurt you ; don't be afraid." Then turning to me, " You were determined to find out my secret," she said. " Now you know it, what are you going to do ?' "Is this truef 1 asked, hesitating. " Can you swear it ? Or is it only a ruse to escape me?' "I swear it-I swear it !" she cried' " Oh, my poor Tim, if I could but save you 1" And then she bent dowe and kissed and fondled the poor creature, who appeared scarcely conscious of hei kindness, but continued to glare steadily atme. The sigh; turned me sick. Natural affection under such conditions seemed odious. Presently she got up, leaving him huddled together like a wild animal on the bed, and approached me. " You hate me, you despise me, ] suppose," she said. "But ob, bi merciful ! leave us to our wretchedness You cannot care what becomes of us You ean forget us ; it is all I ask." She clasped her hands and knell before me. Tim was watching bei furtively. I could see his face working viciously, In another moment he would have made a spring at my throat. Disgusted, shocked beyonc expression, I held out my hand tx her. " Do not kneel, Kathleen," I said " You, at least, are innocent of crime As for this wretch, though he is youi own brother, he deserves' the ful penalty of the law. But I will d< nothing at present ; I must think. 1 must decide how to act. A any rate, I pity you most prc foundly from the bottom of nrj heart. And you have saved you brother up to this time, keep him now Do not let him escape, I warn you and to-morrow I will speak to you." " You will have mercy V she saw again. "Poor Tim is very quie generally" " Kathleen !" I continued, " there i only one condition I make. You mus tell me the whole truth, everythio; about your unhappy brother." " I will," she said eagerly. " promise you I will tell you all th truth." " Can he be left ? is it safe ?" I askec looking round the room. "He wi] not try to escape ; he will not inj ur himself V " Oh no," said Kathleen ; and goin back to Tim, she spoke to him as if h were a child. " Now, Tim, see-go t bed-lie down and sleep. It is a right-no one will harm you ; and will be here in the morning." He seemed to understand, and gro' gradually less suspicious. The tensio of his eagr-r, cruel features relax« and he fell back quietly. Then si took the cand e, and blew him a ki: with the tips of her fingers. (It WJ horrible, and yet touching, to see tl effect of her soft, sisterly ministratioi upon the hardened wretch.) St lifted her basket, which had falleu o the floor, and as she shut the lid caught s'mht of the remnants of a lo; i aad meat. Poor child ! had si ' indeed cared so deeply for the ctimina I as unrepiningly and in silenee to be; the heavy burden of concealment ac anxiety ? We went away together ; with h< habitual precaution she locked tl door outside, putting her ear down ' listen at the keyhole. There was i sonnd to be heard ; Tim had ni stirred. With a sigh she said : "He is quiet now. Thank yo Mr. Barclay." She lighted me to my room, thc silently went her own way back, waited till I had heard the last of hi soft footsteps die away in the distanc and, the remembrance of ber whi despairing face haunting me, I thre myself upon my bed. The secret was out. Kathleen w, the sister of a murderer, whom, evt if I did not, chance might any dt h*\nd over to justic ; and this was tl woman I loved and had passionate hoped to make my wife ! A gi familiar with crime, who for week with tender affection, had shelten and saved a malefactor ! (To be contiuuod.) 