NEWS OE THE WEEK. The Broadwater Sugar Mill in tho Lismore dis trict has finished crushing operations. Mr. John Hartgo, an old and much-respected ' resident of Liverpool, died on December 22. Mrs. Quinn, a very old and respected rosident of Picton, has died after a lingering illness. Alderman Creedon has been appointed Mayor of Bröken Hill in succession to Alderman Martin. The death of Mr. Jordan, who was drowned in the Nepean, has evoked deep sympathy at West Maitland. A heavy thunderstorm and strong gale were ex perienced at Castleton on the 21et inst. Torrents of rain fell. The Campbelltown Land Board sat on Decem ber 21 and dealt with 23 cases, covering in all 2718 acres. A miner named Joseph Shipp was seriously in jured at Temora on tho 19th inst, in a claim at tho Grecian Bend by a fall of earth. Frank Caris, a seaman of tho ship Ardnamur chan, was injured through falling down the vessel's hold at Newcastle on Saturday. Mr. Donald Guise Larnard, of the Inner Templo, has been admitted to practise as a barrister of the Supremo Court of New South Wales. Sir Joseph Abbott and Sir William Windeyer . visited tho Agricultural Collego at Eichmond during tho week, and were shown over the farm and buildings by Principal Thompson. Miss Hill, who has held the position of teacher of music at Miss Macartney's academy in Mait land, has been presented with a unique gold brooch sot with precious stones by hor pupils. At a meeting of the Dairy Farmers' Union at Albion Park Mr. C. J. Cullen was elected presi dent, Mr. L. Eaison vice-president, Mr. F. Arm strong secretary, and Mr. G. M'Phail treasurer. A young man named Thomas Eviston, was committed for trial at Bathurst recently, charged with obtaining goods to the valuo of ¿8158 from John Connell and. Company, merchants, of Sydney, by means of false pretences. Bail ! was allowed. Tho Canley Vale and Cabramatta Fruitgrowers' Association has decided to write to the Railway Commissioners asking them to provide fruit vans at the Cabramatta and Canley Vale Stations three times per week for the conveyance of fruit to Darling Harbor. At the annual meeting of tho Murrumbidgee Co-operative Milling Company the report stated that extensive improvements to the buildings and machinery had been effected during the year, and the balance to tho credit of profit and loss amounted to ¿£606. ^ James Wilson, who, as stated in our last week's issue, was arrested oh a charge of robbing, in company with two others, Francis Richards, a . Queensland drover, of the sum of ¿£95 by means bf the confidence trick, was discharged. Prose cutor declined to proceed. ". '?? The breaking up of the Bankstown- Public School for tho holidays was celebrated by a very pleasant entertainment, consisting of songs, reci tations, &c;, by the school children, under direc tion 'bf Mr. M'Leod. Mr. J. H. Decent presided, and presented prizes to successful candidates. An enjoyable entertainment was given in the schoolroom of the Congregational Church, Mar rickville, on Dec. 22. Mr. Jackson recited " Marley's Ghost," illustrated by limelight views, which were excellently rendered, being applauded at intervals. Songs, &c;, wore also gone through by Mrs. Jackson. A resident of Parramatta who has already paid water rates to the local council has been served with a summons from the Water and Sewerage Board (who have laid pipes in the same street) for neglecting to pay their rates. The case comes on for heaving in January, and is arousing con siderable interest. The amount affected by the resolution of the London Bank of Australia to release, on July 1 next, that portion of the old deposits which, nnder the scheme of reconstruction, was made payable on July 1,1898, is about ¿£500,000. Of this about ¿8300,000 will be payable in England, and about ¿8200,000 in tho colonies. Messrs. Mullens and Company have success fully floated a loan of ¿£2000, bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent., with a currency of five .years from January 3, 1894, for the borough of Waterloo. The loan is in ¿8100 debentures, and the bonds are secured on the annual revenues and iii mortgage on the Town Hall. A'farmer named Tyler, residing at. Howard's Grass, had his dwelling with contents, burnt on Dec. 22 during the temporary absence of his wife. Their infant was left in the house, and was slightly burnt, having a very narrow escape. Tyler was rather severely burnt about his face and hands while rescuing the child. It is reported that an attempt was made at Lis more recently to burn down a dwelling house in Woodlark-street, occupied by A. Brown. About ll o'clock a light was noticed by one of the local firemen, who, on opening the back door, found the inside wall and part of the floor blazing. Kerosene had been discovered on tho -floor and the wall. The Postmaster-General has issued a circular to country postmasters directing their attention to certain duties they will be requested to per form under the new Electoral Act, and he re quests them to make themselves acquainted with the spirifand intention of the act, so that they will be the better able to discharge the new duties devolving upon them. A savage assault occurred at Balmain on Satur day. While proceeding along Darling-street shortly after 7 o'clock, a young man named Thomas Morris, residing ab Short-street, Balmain, was set upon by larrikins, and was hit in the face with a glass bottle. He received a nasty cut, for \- which he was treated at the Balmain Cottage Hospital by Dr. Carruthers, Mrs. L. Nicholson, a -well-known and highly respected resident of Picton, died on Saturday last after a lingering illness, and was buried in tho Anglican cemetery. The funeral was a very largo one. Sugarcane cutting has ended in tho Ballina district. The last punts and launches left North Creek on Saturday. The yield has been moderate. Generally tho other crops are looking well, and the season is all that could be desired. Tho Railway Commissioners intend making some alterations in tho fares and time-tablo on tho Pivo Dock and Abbotsford tram line. They have approved of the adoption of the revised time-tablo, and also of the fares being altered as under: Marion-street to Lyons-road, faro by ticket, ld; Lyons-road to Abbotsford, faro by ticket, ld. These alterations to come into force from January 1. Tho old time-tablo, up to noon, is to remain as heretofore, and after that time all trams run to the river. 1 The Rev. J. Milne, M.A., presented the prizes to the successful pupils of Maitland House School, in the prosenco of their parents and friends. Miss Eva Poole, as dux, carried off the silver medal, while tho other prizes were won by tho Misses Peell, Hamilton, Richardson, Patten, Allpress, Talbot, Brown, Broughton, Saunders, and Neate. Miss Felton's painting class received from their teacher a photo of her last picture. Boforo ad journing, Miss Hills, tho principal, was the re cipient of a handsome Christmas present. Prior to retiring from the position of Minister for Justice, Mr. O'Connor penned a minuto in which he placod on record his graceful acknow ledgment of tho efficient and loyal assistance he had received from the officers of the Ministerial and sub-dopartments. He says that tho personal kindness and consideration of every officor and messenger of tho department mado his daily lifo among thom one of pleasuro, and tho recollection of that kindness and consideration would ever be ono of tho most pleasing memories of his official experience. At the Maclean Small Debts Court on Dec. 21 a man named Hoarty, who had been working for tho Colonial Sugar Company, alleged that he either lost his wages cheque, or it was stolen from him. In the course of business a local tradesman cashed the cheque, which was pre sented by some other person in payment of an account. The tradesman subsequently paid tho cheque to his credit in tho bank. Hoarty then sued him for tho cheque, amounting to ¿628, and the bench gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount. The Minister for Works has made arrange ments for berthing accommodation for the ferry boats at Circular Quay. The Monly Co-operative Ferry Company's Wharf shall in future be on the eastern aide of tho Watson's Bay Company's Jetty, as tho Minister considers the space on tho south-western side of the quay ÍB hardly sufficient for steamers of the size used by tho company. Tho North Shore Ferry Company is shortly to be located at tho now jetty on tho south- western side of-Circular Quay, and the harbor in this locality is now being dredged for the purpose. Tho eccentric Indian, Bill Roberts, who ono af ternoon recently endeavored to sock an interview with Sir Georgo Dibbs, armed with a hugo pistol and a flask of gunpowder, appeared at the Water Police Court on tho 20th inst, charged with having no means of support. Evidence was given by Constables Tates and Alford to the effect that Roberts was a complete nuisance around the neighborhood of tho Government offices. At tho time alluded to he was turned out of the Colonial Secretary's Office, which place he had been fre quenting for some hours. Both officers had known him for some years, during which he had never been known to do any work. A number of convictions under tho Vagrant Act were recorded against him, and Mr. Delohery, S.M., imposed a sentence of thx-ee months with hard labor. The Minister for Works (Mr. Lyne) was inter viewed on Deo, 22 by a number of contrac tors with regard to the now conditions laid down in the public works con tracts. The Minister explained the conditions under which it is intended that workmen already in the country shall be employed in preference to bringing largo numbers of men from tho other colonies. It is the intention of the Minister to deal only with any special influx, and ho does not intend to interfero in any way with the ordinary traffic of labor from the other colonies. With regard to the question of sub-letting of contracts, Mr. Lyne stated that he could not see his way clear to interfere with this, as it was necessary in large contracts- say for hundreds of thousands of pounds-for the contractor to have a discretionary power in the matter of sub-letting portions of them to those able to carryout special works. The contractors expressed themselves satisfied with the contracts and the explanation given by tho Minister. The Newcastle owned barque Brazileira has been wrecked near Newchwang, China. She was built of wood at Vegesach, Germany, in 18G6, and was purchased by Mr. John Henderson in 1888. Her dimensions were : Length 134ft, breadth 28ft, and depth 12ft, and 294 tons register. The vessel was under the command of Captain Skellin, of Newcastle, who was accompanied by his wife and three children, all of whom it is presumed were saved, as no lives are-reported as lost. The Bra zileira has been trading for some time past in tho China seas. The last intimation of the vessel's whereabouts received by Mr. Henderson was from Shanghai in September, when Captain Skellin cabled for information regarding the sale of the vessel. To this Mr. Henderson replied, giving him power to sell the barque for ¿61000. Up to the present time no word was received as to whether the vessel had been sold or not. The Brazileira, wo believe, was not insured, so that in case tho sale was not completed before leaving Shanghai, Mr. Henderson will be a heavy loser. Cadlmry's Cocoa,-"Of tho highest degree of purity," HEALTH.-ADVT. To DAHSEN GBET HATS.-Loclryer's Sulphur "Hair Re storer ia the quiekest, best, aifestr, and cheapest. Large bottle, ls Gd, Every whero.-3, 