A REPORTER'S TURES. ADVEN- HOW A DESERVING YOUNG MAT*- WON HIS SWEETHEART. /"THREE o'clock in the morning is <II Vl^ uncanny hour the world over except n» police headquarters or in the office of ;> morning newspaper, and it was in this 'atter place, f t the hour named, that four or five reporters, having sent in all their copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because he had two columns of space and ten columns of matter that "must go in," sat with their feet on the tables and their chairbacks knocking the plastering off, talking over the subject which is just as new to-day as b was when Adam doffed hia bca\er and said "How d'y'do?" to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and cach one was informing the other in all seriousness that he should marry. " What for ?" inquired Claude Brown of Frank Jones. " Because," replied Frank, " it's the only proper way to live." " A nice husband a reporter would make,' said Claude in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 o'clock a.m. and leaving home as soon as he got his 12 o'clock breakfast." " But his wife would always know where he was, and if she didn't, she'd know whereever he was after an item and had to be back at the office on time," remarked Charlie Smith. " VVell," put in Claude, "if you think it's such a great snap, why don't you get married ?" "Can't," said Charlie, very positively. " Why not?" " Thunderation, man, how's a fellow to buy a whole steamboat when he hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank ? How's a man to buy a house and lot when be can't buy a shovel full of dirt?" "That's it," interrupted Claude; "bow's a man to do anything if he doesn't do it ? What *8 the matter with marrying" a rich girl?" * * " Where's the girl ?" queried Charlie. " Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust a husband -when they won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the girl has her heart 'set on a hue hand and can't get him ?" Smith argqed awhile against matrimony, and at half-past three started for home. He was thinking the conversation over and as he trudged along it occurred to him that bachelor was not only a knot on a log, but he was a very lonesome knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city, and as he passed a fine house, his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all awry by the reportorial instinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, bloom ing Mrs. Smith, a burglar cracking r millionaire's dining-room and making off with-bis silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to have on the other fellows and slipping into the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious to open the door than be was to preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutiuieed the door closely and discovered that the robber was not on the outside,but was evidently within, and was working his way out, and lie felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture his man with the boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trained it on the door, and an instant afterward the door swung open and Charlie waa ready to cry "throw up your hands," when instead of a burglar, a ghost came out. " It can't be a ghost," he whispered in an assuring tone to himself, " for ghosts don't unloek doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what'the deuce is it ? " He hadn't long to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out into the vestibule and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By garcy," said the reporter, " it's woman, and she's got on a night gown. I'll have to see about tnis," and with his revolver ready in case of accident, he stepped out of the shadow and spoke to the ghostly walker. "Good evening," he said, nervously. " No, excuse me, I mean good morning. If .you're going to market, maybe you'd better .iro back and put on an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been mote gallant, but this was anything but-an ordinary affair, and he did'nt require newspaper instinct to tell bim so. The sheeted figure made no reply, but moved again and came toward him. The cold chills chased each other down his back and ho looked for a policeman, with the usual result. " Stand back," he said, " this pistol ain't loaded, but it might go off." But on it came, and Charlie found that his legs wouldn't move, in spite of all he could do to make them One step more • and he stood face to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and he began to feel better. "1 beg your pardon," he said, " but the night air is cool, and you appear to be dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance. Is there anyone in the house that has frightened you ?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, stepped to the young woman's side and gently took her by the arm. She turned her face to him and then the mystery was solved. " Another Amina," be said. "'La Sonnambula' off the stage, with a reporter as first tenor and leading man. Well, this is ago!" " I've got to take her in the house anyhow, that's plain," be said to himself, and he gently led the willing walker back up to the door and rang the bell, and rang it with a forty-horse power draft. Tho next minute the beautiful sleepwalker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in his arms in a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burden into the bail, only to meet a healthy young man in even less disha bille. " What' s this V' he shouted, making a grab at Charlie's throat. "Shut the door, you idiot," gurgled Charlie, dropping the girl on the floor and almost putting his foot on her, after the manner of sic semper tyrannis. " What does this mean?" again shouted the young man, and the remainder of the family came tumbling downstairs, none of t-hem fixed to sge company. " Let go of me and shut that door, and I'll tell you," wheezed Charlie. "You don't want to raise the neighbourhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you ?" Some of the other members of the family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut the door, and while the mother and tbe servants carried the unconscious girl upstairs, Charlie told the father and son how he had met the young lady and what the trouble was. Both men knew him by sight, and had met him on 'Change and elsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain the situation. Half an hour later tbe reporter was at home, in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of pretty girls and all sorts of romantic thing?. When he reached the office next day a note was waiting for him,and be was invited, to call that evening on the mother of the oung lady. He called, of course. He saw the mother; e saw the daughter, blushing aud beautiul, and now if Charlie bachelor much onger there will be a breach of promise suit j r some other dreadful calamity, for Charlie's J ind is made up. j — t Lady (to. shopman) . : "Why„ do . ycu „ - - call — ?, his the 'Nature purse '?" Shopman : j f ' Because, madam, it abhors a vacuum." 