WOLLONGONG HARBOR TRUST. The ordinary meeting of tho above Trust was held at tho Trust's ollicos, Wollongong, yesterdny, tho Chairman (Commissioner C. J. Byrnes) presiding. Thoro also presont— Commissioners Garrnrd, Campbell, Ewing, MncCabe, Doano, Tumor, Artis, Gunninp , Richard*, LiihifT, and Wiaomau. commissioners he- appointed. A lettor was rond from tho Treasury stating that tho Colonial Treasurer nnd the Government had approved of tho appoint ment ns commissioners for a fnriher period of the following gentlemen : — Commis- sioners Doano, Ewing, Garrnrd, and Artia. Tho Chairman congratulated tho com missioners named on their ro- appointmout, and trusted that by the expiration of their new term of oflico thoy would set) the works now in progress completed. Commissioner Campbell : Do you ox poct each of the gentlemen re-appointed t;- make a speech in reply 1 (Laughter.) Commissioner Artis : I dou't think we will waste valuable time to- day, for we are going schnapper fishing. (T aughtor.) Commissioner Wiseman : They had bolter do as I did — be Bilent on the con gratulation. Commissioner Gaurard : I think the Chairman's attention should bo drawn to that. Commissioner Wiseman : Oh, it dees not mattor. I am a very insignificant individ ual. Commissioner Garrard : But it does matter. I think the Chairman's attention uhould be drawn to this unpardonable over sight. ? The Chairman : What is this, Commis sioner Garrard ? Commissioner Richards : Commisiioner Wiseman says you congratulate one batch, but you don't say anything in tho way of congratulation to an individual. Commissioner Wiseman : Yes, tho Sydney batch. Commissioner Garrard : Now, don't be personal, or lose your temper, for I dil you a good turn by calling the Chairman's at tention to the fact that he had ignored you. (Laughter.) Commissioner Wiseman: However, it looks very funny. . Commissioner Garrard : Don't say that, for it is a very serious matter, or I would not have callad the Chairman's attention t'- it. The Chairman : I am very sorry if any Commissioner is nursing a grievanco. The subject then dropped. NORTH ILLAWARRA REPRESENTATIVE. The Mayor of Horth Illawarra (Mr. Jno. Payne) wrote, in reply to the (secretary's letter as to the election of a successor to Commissioner Lahiff as representative of the North Illawarra Counoil, and to the secretary's statement that Commissioner MacCabe, the returning-oflicer, had ap pointed him (Mr. Payne) to act as his deputy. Mr. Payne added : — ' Your letter will be duly laid before tbe Council of North Illawarra at a meeting to be called for the purpose of considering it. I thank Mr. MacCabo for the distinction conferred on myself by his appointment, but, under present circumstances, I am, 1 regret to say, unable to see my way to accept, and must therefore decline to accept the offer.' (Laughter.) The letter was received. E.g. AND A. BANK. A circular was read from the general manager (Melbourne) of the above bank stating that two directors were to be ap. pointed in London to represent the holders of inscribed depoiit stock. Three names were submitted, and, as two were to be elected, the Trust was asked to nominate two of them. Proxy forms, enclosed, were requested to be filled in, signed, and re turned to Melbourne forthwith. The Trust's deposit stock was staked to be £3000 odd. Commissioner Deane: This bank busi ness is a cut and dried affrir. They ask us to nominate two, and they submit only three names. I think I should not take any notice of it. Simply receive it. The Chairman : I think so too. We know nothing about these mon whose names are sont. Commissioner Garrard did not think the proxies were worth bothering about, and other commissioners concurred. The communication was simply received. engineer's report. Mr. Good reported as follows : — ' I bee to report the following progress for the fortnight ending, 16th instant : — No further progress has been made with the block setting or masswork on account of the delay in obtaining stone for the foundation of the breakwater. 290 cubic yards of stone were excavated from the old break water, partly by the grab dredge and partly by divers, and deposited is the breakwater mound, making the total ex cavation 2018 cubic yards, of which 1470 cubic yards have been used in the break water. The grab dredge removed 298 cubic yards of clay, rotten rook, and sand, making tho total quantity, of sand, eto. dredged 11,560 cubic yards. The wcrk is now stopped owing to the breakage of the main shaft of the grab crane. A new shaft, however, is being procured from Sydney. The contractor informs me that he will get the rock drill down. at once, and if possible obtain _ further dredging plant. Five piles were driven at the south end of the T jetty, making the total number 20.' FINANCE. The Finance Committee reesoimended payment of the following accounts : — M. Tynan, 6s 6d ; W. Robison, 7s ; J. Deed, 14s 6d ; Wollongong Gas Company, £87 3s 9d ; P. Woodward, £1 3s lOd ; A. Parsons and Co, £5 15s 8d ; Commissioners' ex penses, £29 7s ; total, £64 18 3d. The recommendations of the oommittee were adopted. ELEOTIONS. ' The Chairman said the seats of Commis sioner Turner, representative of shipowners, and Commissioner Gunning, representative of oolliery owners, merchants, and traders, now became vacant. Commissioner MacCabe was appoiated returning officer at tha eleotion of their successors, and the 20th inst. was fixed for the day of nomination. WAYS AND MEANS. The Chairman reported as follows in reference to the interview held by the Commissioners with the Cnlonial-'Treasurer (Hon. John See) on the 10th November: — ' The following Commissioners were present: Commissioners Byrnes (chairman), MacCabe, Campbell, Dean, Turner, Artis, Gunning, ' Garrard, and Wiseman. In accordance with arrangements previously made,' a deputation as above interviewed the Colonial Treasurer (Bon. John See) on the 10th inst Tconeeruing the present finan cial position of th-* Trust, and for the pur pose of asking the Government's assistance under the circumstances. Your Chairman stated the ciroumstances of the matter very fully, and explained the object of the deputation in interviewing the Minister on the subjeat. Commissioners Campbell, Garrard, Wisoman, and Gunning also spoke on the situation, supplementing your Chair man's remarks. . The Colonial Treasurer expressed sympathy with the Trust on account of the inconvenience that bad be fallen it consequent upon the financial depression under whloh the whole colony had been suffering for some time past, and said he was impressed with the urgency for the work the Trust had in hand, and would see what could bo done in the way of Go vernment guaranteeing a loan of about £30,000, whloh the Trust could readily obtain undor such Conditions on very favor able terms. Ho said he would ascertain what powerB oxistod undor tho law to enable tho Govprnmont to do what he indi cated, and if neoessary an amending bill might be passed to onablo the Trust to take action. Ho nlso said while tho loan was boing raisod ho would assist the Trust by making an early advance of tho endow ment money.' The Chairman added that in a report which had appeared in a local paper it waB stated iliat. ' thu Sydnoy Commissioners' — gnodnosB know who they were I — and Com missioners MacCabe, Campboll, Gunuing, and Richards waited on the Colonial Treasuror. In tho report ho ('ho Chair man) had just read tho name of evory com missioner who waited on tho Treasurer was given, and he thought that that invidious distinction should not bo kept up. They wero all Wollongong Harbor Trust Com missioners, and none of them wero 'Sydney O mmissioners.'' Commissioner Campbell : Did these re marks about 'Sydney Commissioners ' appear in the report in the Mcrcury 'I The Chairman : The statement appeared in a local paper. Commissioner Campbell : I desire to say that 1 know nothing about that. The Chairman : I simply say it appeared in a local paper. I do not know whothor you aro connected with it or not. Tho Chairman's report was rocoived. The Chairman thought it would be necessary now for the Trust to apply to the Government for a loan, to Btate how much they wanted, and to give a guarantee. Tho statement of the Trust's receipts and expenditure from wharfage and tonnage dues recontly furnished to the Colonial Treasuror showed that thoy had a balance to the good for tho year of £605. Commissioner Garrard : To go to a sinking fund ? Tho Chairman : Not quite. Commissioner Turner : We shall get this loan at five per cent. 1 The Chairman: I think si. Commissioner Turner r I know it. The Chairman moved, and Commis sioner MacCabe seconded, that the Trust apply to tho Government for a sum not ex ceeding £25,000. Commissioner Deane suggested that the motion be amended by adding ' in deben tures, with th. Government guarantee of principal and interest.' The suggestion was accepted. Commissioner Campbell suggested that 'not exceeding £30.000' be substituted for ' not exceeding £25,0.00.' They need not go for that amount, but it might be well to get permission to raise it, seeing that the Treasurer had generously suggested that amount. Commissioner Garrard : Our receipt*, to pay interest, would not warrant us in going for that amount. Commissioner Campbbll : I only make the suggestion. Commissioner Wiseman : I think we should go for £80,000, for we shall have to take tho big crane'over at tbe finish. Commissioner Garrard : Remember — 'A chiel's nmang ye takln' notes.' Commissioner Wiseman : That's all very well, but we have got a note about it already, and I hare got a note of it in my brain. (Laughter.) Commissioner Garrard : But you are talking ! (Laughter.) Commissioner Wiseman said that if they did not come to some amicable arrange ment about the big crane at the finish the Trust might be involved in some law Bait about it. Moreover, there would be any amount of things to clear up at the finish', and they might find that there would be many things they would requiro. Commissioner Campbell thought it would be only oourtesy to the Treasurer to ask for £80,000. The Chairman : But he asks us to pro vide a sinking fund, and to Bhow how we ?in do no. Commissioner Garrard: How are you going to pay the interest 1 Commissioner Campbell : I don't pro pose to borrow £30,000, but I. think it would be well to have the power to do so in case we should want the amount. Commissioner Deane : That amount — £30,000 — was put into the Treasurer's mouth. We have paid some £6000 already on this contract, and we have some money to come in yet. I think £25,000 would be enough. Commissioner Campbell said the Trea surer seemed - to grasp tbe situation thoroughly, and to take a comprehensive view of it. He did not agree with Captain Deane that if they had the power they would borrow to the full extent of it, but surely any money they got would be for the benefit of the port — for the good and useful purposes for which the Trust existed. They were not going to squander a loan. Commissioner Wiseman: The Treasurer suggested that if we. got more money than we wanted we could put some of it out at interest. But I think we shall want the full £80,000. Some of you gentlemen, you can mark my words — they may be foolish words, but you oen take it that in course of time we shall want the £30,000, and we can get it now as easily as the £25,000. Commissioner Garrard : My ideas are the opposite to Commissioner Wiseman's as to the getting of interest on money lying in our hands. The Treasurer asked us distinctly how we proposed to meet both the interest and the capital. He had evidently notlo oked very cicely into our statement put before him previously. It seems to me that you have not a ghost of a show of getting the Government guarantee unless you can show that you can provide a sinking fund. It seems to me that £25,000 will be ample for the works in progress and to cover all possible contin gencies. In asking for £30,000 we are only courting a refusal. The Treasurer is only one man in the Government. There are two or three strong-willed men in it — the Premier, for instanoe. It would be flying in the face of common sense to ask for £30,000. With regard to the assertion of Commissioner Wiseman, who seems to have left his nam9 outside the building before he came in — (laughter) — I say we are under no legal obligation whatever to take the orane over. Commissioner Wiseman: I didn't say that. Commissioner Campbell : To put the matter in order, I move that £30,000 be substituted for tho £25,000. WJhen the Treasurer suggested the guarantee for tbe loan he himself suggested a few pounds more than we aBked for. Our Act gives us power to borrow up to £250,000, but un fortunately we have not been able to borrow that amount. I think it is desir able that we should have power to get a larger amount than we may require or raise. With regard to the sinking fund, what we shall have to put aside yearly for that will all depend on - the number of years over which the repayment is ex tended. Latterly there seems to be a tendency to make repayments extend over long periods. In tbe case of one munici pality and its Watur Act loan, the /jpay ment was extended over 30 years, and since then a comprehensive Act has been brought forward to extend repayments o\er 90 yo^rs. Probably i,he Treasurer will sug gest that the repayment of our loan rxtend over a very long period, so that the fiunual amount to repay on the £30,000 will be withiu the reach of this Trust as it now exists. Commissioner Wiseman : I second Com missioner Oampbell'B amendment, and do so simply beoauBO I think wo require tho money. Suppose we have £5000 or £6000 more than we require, could not that be paid back to the Government? I BUDposo they would receive it back? It looks u vory foolish thing, no doubt, but T know that if it was myownbusinosslwould bo ablo to conduct it in suoh a way that I would have something to tho good when it wbb finished up. With rogard to the crane, tho contractor would not hnve brought it here for suoh a small job unleBS wo^ would lake it ovor from him at the finish, and we must be prepared to do so. In my own private [affairs or business I would arrange so that I would bo prepared to meet anything of the kind. I don't, think any of the commissioners would take any umbrage at my remarks. Commis sioner Garrard seems to bo troubled with bile this morning. Commissioner Garrard : It will take more than that to trouble mo. Commissioner Lahiff : I am opposed to borrowing £30,000. When we found that thero was a possibility of our getting £17,000 from Mr. Wiley, we then asked for £20,000, and then we went to the Govern ment and asked for £25,000. Now Com missioner Campbell, in his liberal way, suggests £30,000. Mr. See may say — How are you going to pay it bick ? Commissioner Campbell: What about the shoots ? Commissioner Garrard : They are in cluded in the £17.000. Commissioner Lahiff : All this money rests on the' coal shipped. The interest will be added to aud included in every ton of coal shipped. .As business men, I consider that we should go in for the smaller sum. Commissioner Gunning said the Treasurer was very emphatic when he re marked that, whilBt he helped the Trust, the Trust should help themselves. 5 (Hear, hear.) If they could show that they could do the work for £25,000— supposing that there was a reasonable prospect that it could be done for that — it would show a desire to economise. Probably some of the gentlemen now round tho table would by and bye be occupying seats in the Cabinet, and if more was required in the future they might thon be in a position to assist the Trust. He thought £25,000 would be ample, and they stood a better chance of getting that than £30,000. The Chairman thought £25,000 would be ample for their purposes. The works they would now have to pay for, inoluding the £7,500 for the high level work, would only come to £18,000. That would leave £7000 out of the £25,000. They would thus leave £4000 . to buy this :rane of Mr. Wiseman's and £3000 to the good. They would not reasonably and honestly be able to show the Treasurer a sinking fund for £8 0,000. He thought they would be able to put away £350 or £400 every year for n sinking fund. If a long period was allowed for the repayment, as Mr. Lyne would probably allow, they would then be better able to pay. He would support tho motion. A suggestion by Commissioner Gunning that ' or otherwise ' be inserted in the motion after ' in debentures'' was accepted. The motion wbb carried. The Chairman asked if the Trust would leave the matter of a sinking fund to himself and the secretary. Commissioner Garrar» : No cooking. (Laughter.) The Chairman : No, no cooking. Commissioner Deane : We may be able to pay off the loan in 50 or 60 years. Commissioner Wiseman : So long as you don't in any way put a damper on any future loan we may want. We may be able to pay it off sooner. Commissioner Campbell : It should be understood that the Chairman should have very large power to deal with this matter. The matter of obtaining the preferred assistance by the Treasurer, pending the decision of the Cabinet as to the loan, should also be left in the hsnds of the chairman. The Trust concurred. On the suggestion of Commissioners Garrard and Turner, it was agreed that steps should be taken as soon as possible in regard to the loan, and the matter was left in the hands of the Chairman. 