CHAPTER XIV—An Unexpected Meet A week passed by. The last days of Jan uary ran out in alternations of fog and rain, and the first of February brought with it uncertain gleams of sunshine, that seemed by contrast like a promise of spring itself. Mrs Carryl's temporary insanity—her con duct in daring Valentine’s displeasuro seemed to her, as she looked back on it, nothing less —was never alluded to. Its superficial effects were traceable in the deprecating timidity of the culprit’s manner, and in a slight coldness in Valentine’s manner towards her. But to everyone else Valentine was unus ually sweet and gracious during that week. She was very bright, and very light hearted, even a little unnaturally so. For Mr Soudamore she had always her most charming smile, and he basked in that smile as if it were to him the rays of the sun. Only she avoided being left alone with him, sometimes seeming to rebel against the idea almost involuntarily. It was part of the excitability which had become characteristic of her, that on the morning of the first of February she came down to breakfast full of enthusiasm on the subject of Geoffrey’s birthday. It waB a subject that had dropped somewhat out of sight in the newer and originally apparently temporary interest of Hr Scudamore. Geof frey, himself, however, having had very little interest in Mr Scudamore’s society, had had more leisuro to give to the consideration of his own future. The first sign of Valentine’s interest that morning was quite enough to draw him into eager and confidential talk. Directly after breakfast he followed Valon tine into her morning-room, and established himself bo that he could look up into her face as she Bat at her writing-table. And meeting hiB eager, anxious eyes, Valentine laid down her pen. It was nearly half-past eleven; they had been talking for more than an hour. Geoffrey had set forth his plans with a manliness and thoughtfulness new to him, and bom of the sense of responsibility which had gradually grown up in him; and Valentine, as he talked, had lost something of her rest less brightness, and, as Bhe grew more sym pathetic, had grown graver and gentler. She had discussed his ideas with him, had drawn him out to enlarge upon all his theorise, and at last Uae subject urea practi cally exhausted, and a silence ensued. It was broken by Geoffrey. He threw himself luxuriously hack againBt the sofa, clasped his hands behind his head, and said contentedly : “ This is like old times, Val.” She started slightly, and turned her face towards him with a vague smile as he went on, boyishly: “ We haven’t had a morning like this for ages, have we? It's moBt'awfnlly jolly!” The room in which they were was at the front of the house, and from where she sat Valentine could see into the street below. She was gazing down with dreamy eyes when, quite suddenly, she Btarted; a hot color rushed over her face, and she rose and rang the bell peremptorily. Taken by surprise Geoffrey looked at her enquiringly as she stood waiting for the servant's appearance, bat she did not spsak until her summons was answered. “I am not at home,” she said; then im periously, ■ “ Not at home to any one, A fitful gleam of sunshine was lighting up the street, and underneath the windows itB watery rays fell on two horses, one of which oarried a groom, while from the other a large red-moustached figure was dismounting. The servant left the room, and Valentine turned once more to Geoffrey, her cheeks flashed, her eyes shining. “I think I muse go oat, Geoff,” she said abruptly. “It’s a shame to waste the sun shine, and I want to see about your birthday present.” “ I'm coming with you, then,” he said, starting np with a laugh. “ Coming to see what it is, Val 2” “Coming with me!” she returned, laugh ing rather excitedly. “ You’ll do no such * First published in connection with “Ail the i Feix Bound.” thing, air! I’m going alone. Good-bye— till wo moot again. I don’t quite know when that will he. I shan’t be at home to Innch, and I'm engaged all the afternoon; and then yonr’re going out to dinner, aren’t yon ? But till whenever it is—good-bye!” And with a gay little gesture of farewell she disappeared. She spent nearly an honr in a round of shopping, throwing herself into her occupa tion with a feverish energy and excitement. And, when, at the end ot that time, she gave her coachman the order to drive to one of the large jewellers in Kegent Btreet, there were tired lines about the pretty, spirited mouth. She ordered the set of studs which was to be her birthday present to Geoffrey, and turned to leave the shop. Sho had just passed out on to the pavement when suddenly she stopped short; stopped as though she had been transfixed where she stood, her face quite white, her eyes fixed on tho approaching figure of a man. It was Kenneth Gaunt. He was coming along rapidly, looking neither to the right nor the left, and he did not seeher. Ha was in the act of passing her, Btillnot seeing her, when she moved forward impulsively and held out her hand. How do you do ?” she said in a low, quick voice. With a start so violent that he almost seemed to exclaim, though no word passed his lips, Kenneth Gaunt Btopped short abruptly and stared into the white face before him as though he were looking at a ghost. For that one moment every drop of blood seemed to recede from his face. Then it came slowly back again, a deep sullen rod, and he took the hand held out to him, almost reluctantly. “ How do you do, Hiss Clinton ?” ha said, and he said it ungraciously enough. Having shaken hands he made a movement as if to pass on, hut Valentino atoppod him. Her eyes were fixed upon his face ; they hod grown wide and pitiful, and her lips trembled as she spoke. Kenneth Gaunt’s appe '.rar.ee was greatly changed since the days when he had gone about at Templocombe a prosperous and well satisfied young man. It was not straDgo that ho should show no signs of desiring to prolong an interview with anyone who had known him then. He was shabbily dressed, and he was keenly conscious as ho stood bofore Miss Ciiuton of the deficiencies of his appearance ; but his face told far more than did his worn coat. It was tho face of a man who had passed through the cruellest process to which youth and hope can be subjected ; that process of continual failure aud disappointment which makes tho;-o two hard elements of human life seem normal and inevitable. Tbo features wore haggard and sharpened; tho uioutii was set into a sullen endurance, and the eyes he’d a fierce bitterness. All that air of well-being, which bad been such a conspicuous feature with him, had disap peared. “ I—I am very glad to seo you,” slid Valentine, faltering in most unusual fashion. Then drawing up her head with a s cutely movement, which was an outward sign of tho effort with which she mastered herself, she went on with that dignity with which a woman covers so much, not only from others, but from herself. Are you living in London now 2” “ Yes.” answered Kenneth, curtly, “ at present.” Ilis eyes were fixed on her now with a longing gaze in them of which Valentino only saw tho bitterness, and she said, with something of on effort: “ Will you tell me what you are doing!" Kenneth laughed harshly. “ It’s easily told,” ho said, bitterly. “ Nothing, Miss Clinton.” “ Have you done nothing since-” “ Nothing," he returned. “ There doesn’t appear to be any demand, even in Loudon, for doubtful characters. I imagine the market is overstocked.’’ “ Oh, don’t!” cried Valentine. “Don’t!” He had lifted his hat, and moved to leave her, but her words arrested him perforce. He turned his worn young face to her once more and paused. “I beg your pardon, Miss Clinton,” he said, gently. “ You were always more than just to me, and it was an abominable thing to say to you. Hay I put you into your carriage??’.. Valentine made no answer. Her fingers closed on a little parcel that she held so tightly that its contents were crashed and spoiled. Sho turned and walked mechani cally to herbrougham, got in, and allowed Kenueth to close the door for her. Then he shook hands with her in silence, and the carriage drove off. And Valentine leant hick in her place, her face set and proud; oblivious of the noisa of Kegent street, oblivious of the fine, drizzling rain that was beginning to fall, saying to herself, again and again: “ I am just to him ; only just to him.” 