,'?'?' JLieal--. & M©m®wml ?Z- The attention of the public is drawn to. a, change in postal matters at Strahan. In future :the office : known as East Strahan will be called Sfcrahan, and Strahan will be known as West otrahan. Particular atten tion is drawn to this as all letters addressed '-' Strahan' will be sent to office on wharf. Lettersintendedfor West Strahan must be bo addressed. ''.???' ..?'?'? ? .-?.???? I A correspondent, writing from Scotts dale.says:— I noticed a letter in Mon day's issue from Mr Easton, i of Sheffield, ?wishing to know, whether: Cots wold sheep cam be bought;iri. Tasmania. ^ 'When Mr . Hesketh sold his imported sheep I think -i Mr iJatnes Millwobdj.of PatterEoniai bbvght . somejihe might apply to him if he cannot . gei-any byiwrifcingimeto editor's care.' I can .furnish him with a breeder's name, in Victoriaiwhere he can purchase; and. I can highly-recommend the breed m pure. I saw one ewe killed from the fi jck weighing 180ib. dressed, and cut when a hogget 16Mb of wool: in the grease. ; ?;- The third : annual meeting of the sub ssribers to the. JLJaunceston!City and .Suburs Improvement Association svill- be held in the' Mechanics'- Institute on Monday evening next -a1;, eight o'clock, when the annual ' report of the committee will be submitted;- . ? .; ', .AifGBBAT. war council and holiness cam paign will be' held in the Salvation' Army . Barracks from February 2 to February V, when;:Major and Mrs- Barritt and 40 field officers will be present/ The proceedings will; :open-with a -weleome meeting, and' during the week there will be a Pentecostal revival, old time camp meeting, love feast, and musical festival. . ' . AsMr C.:C. Gibbp, the driver of one of Mr -W. Hi ; Abbott's four-wheeled cordial vans, was; returning home from Deloraiue one 'evening: lately wtea he encountered a wild bullock between Exton township: . and.Be'ivsiord's farm, which had been left on the road by the driver of a mob of un ? manageable .cattle. The driver eaw the danger as the furious animal dashed at the horses, and he drove hard and. met him. la ' a few: seconds the infuriated beast vraV Icaockedin thedust by a blow from the: pole; and the vehicle passed ov9r him and disabled him. Gibbs reported thecircum -.'-?- stance at Westhury, and with. Superin ten- dent Mahony rode over to remove the bul lock, and -.found him willing enough for another charge; but he had lost the use of ... ' oneof'hi3 hind legs' and had to be des-' : v' ,~ troyed.- ' ?'?:?; . : . ? ??-:.:-.;..:?? ? ? ? ? .-?- -.- : i Mb A.HD. Hunter, of Melbourne, who ;/ has .so successfully introduced M. Leon ?? Rieser'srpatent process of seasoning native ; grown.timbers to Australia, arrived by the . Pateena . 27th nib. ^ He purposes visiting someof our principal forests with the view ; of ascertaining the class of timber most y suitable for treatment.' Since Mr Hunter i. ', Visited. Tasmania last year, he has been' right ground the: New.' Zeeland ports. and. after finishing her3- he will1 proceed to Western Australia and Queens land. Tbe extensive seasoning works of the Australasian Seasoned limber Co. Limi- ted at Waadong, Victoria, which have cost thousands of pounds, and will be' capable of seasoning 3,000,000 super, ft annually, will be .completed shortly. Mr jHunter has just received a letter from the Under-Secretary, We8ternAustralia,stating that Sir JqhnPor rest will be present at the official opening, whichpromissstobeamostimportanfcevent. The Under- Secrotary for Queensland, Mr P. M'Lean, .who visited the . new works, afc Melbourne, Adelaide, and Hobart, recently ?., expressed his astoniih meatv and , promised . to do all in his power to help Mr. Hunter to introduce the, patent into Queensland when he pro-; cseds there for that purpose. The. plants erected in South Austr/ilia, New, South Wali?s, and Hobarb ara comparatively small, bub the Melbourne ones will prove the practicability of the. process. and re move any doubt as to its efficacy; We hope shortly to be able to notify that the erec tion of a plant has.commenced in Launces ti-n. iTira Chief Secretary (the hon.r Adye Douglas) arrived from Hobait by express train on Saturday, and was one of the pall bearers at the funeral of the late Mr Alfred Harrap. ' He. will return tj the capital this ai'tsrnoqn. The Treasurer* (the hoa. Jc ha Henry), who has been on a visit to the Wesc Coast on departmental busi ness, returned ' on Saturday in company with Mr W. Henry to the Don. The Treasurer is expected to arrive in the city to-day. '?-'? ??-?? On the 28bh ult., while a lad named Willie M'Keazie was working ia tho Kempener 'mine at Golconda a block of stone, weighing about two tons, fell, catch ing one. of his legs and inflicting severe iniurif s. The sufferer was broueht into the surgery of Drs. Holmes and Pardey on Saturday morning, and after an examina tion it was decided to send the patient to the General H«spit?l. On Saturday, while a brother, (Hugh) of this patieafc was work ing in an adjoining claim to the Kempener, aWock of stone fell f«om the etope, and hitting the right crii broke both bones. He was also attended to by the doctors named.:' ?'?.-???? ... ': '. ' ' ' '-; r ' ..? ' ;;' ;:.' ': It wa3 a bold step for the^ committee of the City and Suburbs Improvement Asso ciation to have a concert at the Cataract I Cliff . Grounds oa Saturday evening, the Great mwrket night of the. week, but they had the satisfaction of teaing a very large I attendance of persons, who '-f©r the nonce I absented themselves from the busy hum. of Brisbane-street. -St. Joseph's Band, which playedcu routeto the grounds, rendered a splendid selection of music from tha^bandi stand, which was bedecked with wreaths, and Chinese lanterns. The cliff .pathway was also illuminated, and the rugged out^ line of the Gorge was shown -up with wonderful effect. Duriag the evening Mr Leader Williams, the clever scenic artist and limelight- manipulator, created a num ber of exctl lent effects by .means of the oxo-ether light. 'These, lights in. various colours were-thrown on the numerous crags and over the river, the effect being simply beautiful. Fiery messengers in the shape pf rockets ' also illuminated the air. at intervals; and altogether the scene was one most gorgeous to bshold. 'The ; night was calm and clear, and- the rumbling of the water3,the music on the landr the twink ling lights far up the Gorge, and;the lime light and pyrotechnic displays all com biried .to make a charming S3ene. r ?-?.'? Addeessing a Eusiian Fin, who was charged with labour agitation of a Socialist type in : Melbourne last week, Mr Panton, P.M., said — 'You : have not I e ;n naturalised. If you don' t like this1 place', ; arid if you think your own country better, go back, and per-r haps you ^ill change yoiir mind. While you are hero, just remember how they treat foreigners in your country if they only suggest or attempt to get. up ambng3t a crowd to attempt to lead them. Tbare already expressed my astonishmeiat- that any Britisher or Australian could bel«d in any way by ah alien, especially an alien who suggests a breach of the laws of the country. I am enly surprised that. Aus tralians can : lo»k oa' and 'hear a foreigaer suggest anything 6E: the sort. 'I wish you to bear in mind, while you are here, that you had better try to conform to the laws of the country, and not attempt to iricita others to commio a breach of the peice, because, if you dOj it w 11 be bur duty to make such an example of you that none of you will attempt it a second time. For this conduct you are simply fined 10a, in default 24 hours' imprisonment. .We don't think you worthy of anything belter.- We treat you with that amount of contempts' The' Tasmanian portion, of- tho English mails despatched from Launceston on. De cembec 26 per Orient Company's Bteamer. Or muz. arrived fit London on the 28th ulfc., 33 d-iys ia transit. ;...,-. Aiioxo the pa33engera by, tho express train from Hobarb Monday , was Judge Molesworth, of Vicboria, who ; had. Been spending a few weeks in the capital.- He left by the steamer Flinders; for Mel-, bourne. . .,.?/'? ' ',. ?'. .?-'??. .? . V;,.; ''??^?- ???.-. ...' iiEV. Johs Watsford, of Victoria, one of the fathers of Wesleyan Methodism in Austr- la8ia, : and whose name is almost a household; word throughout- the colonies, conducted a Bible reading. at the Patters in street Wesleyan school -room Monday afternoon. His subject was 'the power of r the Holy -Spirit to sanctify; by grace. , The. reading comprised vaiipus portions of the ?Scripture?,., including' : I. Corinthians,: iii.,, 5 j Romans ,viii., 26 5 II. Corinthians, iii., 9/ and several others, showing that itwasr neceesary for believers to continually seek spiritual blessings. In aiming at complete santificatioh there wss sometimes \\. an in elination to disregard Usier things which were important in attaipiug the higher and much to be sought after .state . of grace. In . the evening at the Margaret-street church Mr Watsford took Mb test from St. John x-i,, 7. The subject on which he spoke was chiefly the power of the Holy , Ghost upon men oh the day of Pentecost. The power which was felt then should go on through 'all the ages of the world, and persons should endeavour to obtain sancti fication. The discourse was a very fervent one, in which he exhorted parents to conse crate themselves to God, so that they I might secure the fulness of santification. The attendance was good. , , It is authoritatively ipported (says the 'Age) that the executive, officers , in charge : of the 'New Australia '. colonisation ? scheme are in r«cei^t of a cablegram from an agent in Buenos Ayres, South America, which is moft unfavourable, eo far a,3,it relates to the character of the country on the River Rio Neffro, where an area of 1 450,000 acres was secured for the new I communal cofonyT The cablegram states that the country is too cold and very badly watered, and id other respects quite . un suitable for col6aisation.lt is also officially stated that the project sofar asthe coloni sation of this portion of the continent of South America is concerned is. to., be abandoned, bat agents iu, Buenos Ayres ! are now making enquiries respecting the country further north, :.; near Uruguay, which,, it,. is said, prsents much more.en couraging prospects for carrying the secerns to a successful is&ne.; , .;':., ..??-.A. DEPXTTATiON of local optionisrs inter viewed Sic George ? Dibbs on the 27th ult.j and . advocated local option without com pensation. The Premier, in: reply, said that the boast of the deputation that, they: had. influenced three, past elections war bordering upon intimidation. He admitted that, the quejtion of local option wias; a great one, which .would have to be taken in hand by Parliament sooner or later. ,As soon as the course of public business per-: mitted Mr Kidd would be given an oppof tuuity to introduce his bill, but he wished the deputation to understand -that it would; not be a Government bill. If local option ist3 moderated their, demands they might have a better chance of , obtaining tha con cession sought. :. ,?-.;?. ? '.:- .;?': . ?':'??? We understand that the Minister of Lands (hon. William VHartnollV ha3 arranged to pay a visit to Scottsdale and Ringarooma at an early date, and thai it is probable* that he will be accompanied by one of hie colleagueF. The dietrict ia one of varied resources, and consequently con 8iderable requirements; and tho visit will no doubt have a beneficial effect. ? It is announced that the business ef Meseri. Alfred Hai rap and-Son— one of the ciiinmercial institutions of the cifcy-^will be carried on under the same nams and style, the management beiug in the handsof Mr George E. Harrap, who Has been a member of the firm for. the past 12 years. Mr Harrap has succeeded in gaining the conn dence of the public, and will have ? the hearty good- wishes of the community in the increased.' responsibility which; has beeu placed upon him by the death, of his respected father, \',:?''. ': ;'; :: t ' : ' . Captain- Tatlob, of the steamer Linda, which arrived in port Tuesday from the Straits Islands, reports that the Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. Montgomery) and Dr. Davis were to leave 'Barren Island this week in one of the Straits cutters for G-oose Island. They ' will : leave there to-day by the steamer Warrentinna, which is now, oh a visit to sll the itlmda in the Straita/for Kent's G-roup, anduaiter a short stay they will proceed to Eing'a Island by that vessel, after which they will return by the Warrentinna to LaunceBton, ? - ' ' '' ??.?'. ' :f 'V'^w.;; With regard to the difference th*t exists betweea the :LaunceBtbn'Techcical^Bo'atd;-:. and the Government, and concdrcing. which. .'.' an interview was arranged with the Chief.' V ' Secretary, Mr Douglas has so f ax conceded : ?to the wishes of the board that there is;no ..: i likflihood of any Bia'erial change, being ?? made. The details of the interview and the opinions which the boird has (formed thereon will be made the subject of a report. .; to be submitted to the meeting of tho.board . on Monday evening nexfc. : -,'.!'? ,:; ;Thb following is tae register !of rainfall - at Deloraine meteorological station for the . .?? month of January : — lsti 0 04 inches y 9th, ?} ?? 0 16 ; 16;h, 0 84 5 17th,;O-88 ; 18th, ;.O 25 ; . , 19th, Q05. ..Total, 1-22. Rainfall for' cot-, - responding month la?t.year, 2 87. ? :-.: .' ?? . iCoNsiDERABiiE interest' is being tstk«nia -. .the movement which has been initiated to secure a searching enquiry into -the case of Mr J.. W. Burt, which has been »6 long r i. before the publio. A concertjia to be given ,: at itbe Mechanics' Institute;on .'-Monday :-.? erening, under the ;management . of :Pro- :;, f essor Jackson, at which ,: Missea ; , Fergus** . . and All'soh and Messrs; ,Sfe.-- John David, I .-.,,; Scott, and M'Eachern, and the City ;Band : will assist. Subscription lists in nicLof the ????? c- dtfence fund have been, opened: in R«teral -?;! country. districts.. '-. '.?(? ? . .... ???; , .-. -\, ?A stibeing scene, waa presented :afc; the .,- railway station Wednesday afternoon' as the- : express train was leaving f«r Hobart. . ; ; ^ Archbishop fiiurphy,; accompanied by. Rev. ?? Father McCarthy, left for the capital, and c the students of the Blind Institute, Tic- .; toria, who have: given such enjoyable enter- 1 1 aintnonts in Launoeston, left for Campbell ; ; :T6wn. THe singers made many staunch friends in bur city, and the platform was: crowded wit'a, those who were: anxious to - say farewell to thesa talented but afflicted „? persons. The: southern members .of the ? Tasrnanian cricketers who hare' beon playr ; . ; ing ia. the match , Victoria, y. Tasmania. ?,.;- returned to Hobart by.the.same-.ferain.ftnd '?'. -,U their . ?? nprfch'era . confreres -were present : to 1 bid them adjeu. As the train left the station -three hearty cheers were, given by . ..?? each. and the crowd dispersed. ? ; i .? : Thh usual weekly meeting of the' board ? of; management of rthe' Benevolent Society was heldWednesday in the Town Hall,when the. following members were -present :— Messrs J. Ste'phenson (chairman)/ A.;.^W. Birchall, Mi Tyson, G.Bdker, B.P; Farrellji J. jTulloch, W. B. Barwood, G. Wilkinv j. C. Ganders, T. Gladman (treasurer). Mr R. ? ,^3^ Cameron (secretary) reported that l&~peV-~ '~fJHl sons were temporarily relieved during the ^H week, consisting of 10 men, tw» ? women, 'sH and' serea children. Of the. men' eight ?? ^^ were awaiting ^admission t« the Invalid - ^ Depot, and one with his family goes '6n the permanent roll; on which there- were now 298 ^persons, consisting of 41 ;mW- 89 ' women, and 168 children. One woman and family retired with thanks, ;.: and- one ' ? woman aad family'wpra k'nosked off owin^ tobad conduct.1 Two families wcra granted ' permanent relief, and one family: waa granted relief on ther condition that the ?: man would go to work ?; at Cormiston. Thie treasurer acknowledged the donation ? of 10s from Mount Bischoff.TvM. Company's ? e jpploy ee3, priz9 money trophy won at the Eight Houis Demonstration. The secretary also acknowledged a parcel of clothing from MrBBrimble. On the question of tenders being called for the supplies of the year ; some ^discussion took place 'as to the - .changing of the prices during the year by , the contractors. It was suggested: that tenders should be called for the half-year. The general way the contracts were carried' out during. the year was considered,! and it wa3 decided that the tenders should be called for the twelve months at a uniform price, samples to be kept for com. parison during the year. . Accounts to the : amount of ^113 Is 7d were passed for pay ment.- The secretary remarked that the accounts were increased by providing beds for.:thcB3 who were awaiting a--imi38ion to ~' 7ld'Deptlt- ' The Proceedings th^n In the Bankruptcy Court Wedncsiay the' publio exarnination of .William John » Bonney, of Penguiu, f armei., t^t j ? Q , before Mr Commissionf r . Waterhouae. Mr ' F. C. Hobkirk (Martin and E.bkfrk) S pearad for the trastee, Mr J. J. Rumpff, - for the debtor. The evidence of thebaS rupt was tbathe was carrying on farming ?'?. ?- operations at Penguin on land rented from ' c his brother. He had sold his interest- - ?-' under hisfather's wilMp his brother S ^ eeven months ago fotf|he sum of £50, beW a portion of a deb'^f; ,i£lOO. Mr CrSf drew up the deed/o'f ?alignment in conne? ^^^v tion with the debt, and the balance of S wasEtilldue. Whenhemade the LS ment he. was not in a.position to pay 20a Tin the pound, but his brother' pressed SS : The interest he was entifcled.t^ T undei' the ; ' will was about a sixth of tKe whole amount : y which iieestioiated at from J8200 to iJ300. His- mother had power to sell the stoclr,aud the interest was therefore only reversion ary. The MIQO was due for some time, and was in connection with a guarantee given t:- the:Bank ofiAuatralasia on his behalf. The examination was. adjourned sine die. —An examination under Baotion 89 of the Bankruptcy Aoh was alao held; when Peter Juppj.jun., of Ncrbhillotton, farmer, ap peared to answer certain, ^questions . as to property of which he was the reputed owner/ Mr P. C.' Hobkirk (ilarLin; and Hobkirk) appeared for the trustee, Mr' J. J. Kumpff, and Mr R. L. Parker (Sitchieand Parker) for the bankrupt. It isf understood satisfactory answers -were given by the bankrupt. : A painful accident happenedWednesday morning to Mr William Kirby, an old resident of Launceston, and well known as a produce dealer.; He wa3 riding a four wheeled lorry belonging to M.a3rs A. Harrap, and Son, which, was proceed ing to the steamer Meteor, aVthe Market Wharf.. TThen nearing the wharf the horee sbied at a plank and swerved; round suddenly, .Mr Kirby's legs bting badly eru|bjed between the wheels. The sufferer waa'taken to hiB homo in Gilvin-street, and up te late Ja3t night he was progress ing'as well as: could be expected. On. Wednesday the annual installation of the officers 6f the i Lord Wblseley Temper aace Lodge, No. 13, T.C., took place ia the Masonic Ha^l, when ;' there was a good attendance of members. The Pro. QtJH.'., Bro'.'J; H. Room, conducted the ceremony, and was -? assisted by other Grand Lodge officers;-. The following were tboeffijers installed s — W.M., Bro. W. A. Solomon ; I.P.M., Bro. J. J. Hindell; S.W., Bro. 0. K. Ellis iS J.W., Bro.- J. H. Whitelaw; treasurer, Bro. J. Wallace (re-elected) 5 secretary, Bro. J. Turner, (re-elec-ed) 5 S.D., Brp.R. Bobinsj J. D., / Br 0. J. XL Matcher; I.G., Bro. W. Wade; and Tyler, Bro. E. Williams. The business of . the lodge having been transacted, the members and visiting 'brethren, including the - Grand L©lge officers, retired t '3 the banquet- room, 'where they were enter taincd. Bro; Wade was the caterer for the banquet and gave every satisfaction. The utual Masonic toasts- having been drunk,: the- remainder o£ the evening was spent in harmony»: '?? ???-'?.????? ''??-??-? '??'?' -?; -' ' . ? ^?ss,' ? Tiibbe was a good- attendance st the '%'? fifeeting of the Stl1 Francis Xayiec's branch1 if of the Hibernian 'Australasian Catholic #? ' Benefit Society heldin St: Francis Xavier's Seminary on Tfeduesday,Mc P; B. Fitz gerald, president of the branch, occupying the chair. Some routine business having been transacted,' votes of thanks were passed to, the memt era who took parb in \- the presentation to Archbishop Murphy on: Sunday lash ;and in the gu&rd; of honour in & tendance oh the Archbishop at the laying of the foundation stone of the new Roman Catholic church at ^nve'resk. The report of the delegates on the St., Patrick's Anni versary Association's committee showed that good progress was being maie'in con nection with the arrangements. An intimation was received on Wednes day -y the' hon W. A. Z sal, Pi e3ident. of. the Legislative Council of Victoria, . who is at present staying in Launceston, of the successful issue of the Victorian Treasury bills Mr' Zeal, who returned from a trip to Evandale, where he ' was spending the day ^ was' highly pleised with .the result, and believes it will be reassuring to the friends of the colony. . Speaking of the Victorian railways Mr Zeal stated to a ? representative of the Examiner , last even ? ine that although the revenue had decreased the retrenchment made in. the department might be expected to fairly well balance the accounts. He had he-jn informed by Mr Francis, one of the Bail way Commissioners, that the quantity oi ?wheat carried over the railways during lasb week was greatly in excess 1 of former periods, and during the present week Jtfie Euantity will also bet very large.-The harvest, he states, will be a good, one, and a great deal of new land, principally in tha mallee country, is being broken up, the yields from which are go: d all roun d. Nothing is known yet about the Agent Generalship, but the announcement of an appointment is anxiously awaited. The new ' Government will have the support of * the hbn. James Service in the Council and the hob Duncan Gillies in the Assembly, and he believes they will me eb with a fair share of support. .Their policy how ever' which embraces retrenchment, must be carried out to an appreciaU3 extent. The civil service will probably have t )' be Kone' carefully through, and wherever nof iible reductions must be made, having reuzard' of course to true efficiency, .Mr Zeal was appointed to the honourable Ssitidri of President of the Council in SSSubir last after the death of Sir James M'Bain. He was formerly connected with the railways, and later held the port folio of Postmaster-General. He has made it a practice to come over to Tasmania every year for a loliday, and will remain inthe colony until the lObh iast, when he will return to Melbourne in order 1o take ;his place in the Council on the following Tues day. During his stay in Tasmania he will vifcib Hubart and other, portions of the colony. . ; . ; . The following approximate figures 0° the voting which took place at; the Town Hall in connection with the North Launceston election will prove interesting, as showing the number voting between each hour :— 8 to 0, 88 j 9 'to 10, 65 ; 10 1 3 1 1, 95 5 1 1 to 12, 85; 12 to 1, 108 ; 1 to 2, 100 ; 2 to 3, 112;3 to 4, 62 ; 4 to 5; 58 j and 5 to 6, 73. ' Akglo-Attbtbalian' writes in. the European Mail :— -It is said that Lord Ripon is being pestered with applications for the Governorship of Tasmania. The post is a covet&ble; one' enough/ the duties being light, and the salary good, while the climate of Hobart is not surpassed — if it is equalled — by any in the world. 