WIp jiimi|te!te{+ Goggle's Last Baby. By Amik. (For the National Advocate.) (In Three Chapters.) CHAPTER III. flkibhes the suiter, and therefore Goggles' Babv. Half-past seven in the evening, ami Claptrap-road had almost subsided into its usual quietude, when the growing 'silence was broken by the sounds of a distant street-organ and the sweetor strains of a stiing band, which band ap peared to be in or about Dorking Villa. Let us open the small iron gate, traverse the gravel walk, and after sur veying our faces and shirt-front by the aid .of the hall lamp and a pocket look ing-glass, carried for the purpose, ring the bell and be ushered into the pretti est looking drawing-room in the world ; arrived there, .let us pay our duty to the genial host and hostess, not forgetting to kiss tho twins, but more especially re membering the baby, and then, after having shaken hands with all the people we know and bowed to all we don't, seek the most obscure corner in the room, 'where, safely and snugly seated, we may observe everything going on up stairs, and hear the jokes and corks going off downstairs, and the delightful clink of decanters, and tho gurgling sound that informs us they are being filled, the clatter of plates, and all the other noises telling plainly of the good time to come and the good temper and happiness everywhere. \ Glancing round the room we see Gog gles, and have no doubt that he is re lating to the sour-looking gentleman in the wig and spectacles some amusing anecdote, the sour-looking gentleman re laxing hi3 features into the ghost cf a Bmile, and otherwise showing his appre 1 oiation of Goggles' conversation. -Meanwhile, Mrs. Goggles entertains the prim little old lady and a sslect half ;'. dozen of her most intimate friends ; and ;if we may judge from the few sentencos ; we could not help hearing above the :. noise of the string band, the conversation embraced all the technicalities relating to .marriages, births, christenings, and so , forth, interspersed with a great deal of information connected with the matri monial affairs of absent friends. .??;. And everybody looks happy, except the four young gentlemen in the opposite : corner, who look very miserable, and : very much like the unfortunate fish who ?''. jumped put of his native element ; how ever, as the young Iadie3 gather their forces together, and flash bright suggestions from their eyes of a more appropriate light in the garden, the four young gen tlemen are observed to grow particularly :. restless, and finally, acting on the ad '???:yioe of, the more courageous, are seen to vanish with the aforesaid young ladies from the room, and (we presume) lose no time in reaching the garden. ':': '? . And the happiness is kept up, and the string band keeps playing on, and ' the jokes keep going off, and the awk % ward people who will dance keep going down and their giddy heads will keep -going round, and everyone appears to be entirely satisfied with everybody else, and all appear in the best of good ?? spirits, and therefore to, very great ad vantage. ? Then see the admiring matrons '.crowded about the baby, and Mrs. Mably, guarding its face from being smothered by gushing young ladies, and three inquisitive young ladies who steal into the next room just to look at baby's things, and the two small boys who steal downstairs to the supper-room, and there steal divers tarts und sweetmeats, and glances of apprehension at the big waiters with their coats off and their shirt-sleeves up, and their busiest humor on, and wto are preparing sup per. And then the supper — and such a supper — colored jell'eg, trembling like the ? very young ladies themselves ; and a prodigious turkey (cold) sur rounded by parsley, and guests with good appetites ; and the fowls, some tender and others tough enough to have rendered their lives sacred ; and cakes, and tongues, and hams, and fruit, and bonbons with little inside of them, and wine, and cracking of jokes and drum sticks; and, finally, the cracking of some of the best wine glasses ; and the com pliments and fine speeches ; and the bilious looking relation, who ate of everything, and drank until his fnce shone again, and his eyes appeared as moist as tho wine he had been drinking; and then the speeches that folded — the one from the sour-looking gentleman in the wig and spectacles, and the funny one from the bilious looking relation, who, perhaps thinking that ho had swal lowed a fair share of tho drinkables, became suddenly very grave and leflec tive, and at onco dispersed the ominous expression he detected in Goggles' eyes, by making the wittiest and at the same time most complimentary speech of tho evening, so funny indeed that the sour looking gentleman in the wig and spec tacles w?s obsorvad to laugh, thereby betraying a total absence of back teeth, and so complimentary that Goggles was heard to say ' hear, hear ! ' on three different occasions during its delivery. Then there was a speech from Goggles which contained nothing but grave reflections on the duty of fathers, the happiness to be derived from the con templation of tho blessed little ones, and the confidence ho felt of tho happiness experienced by the man who has a quiver full of such blessings. The bilious looking rolative told a friend that Goggles quito outshone him solf ; and from what wo have seen of that gentleman, wo think the bilious looking relative's remark was most appropriate Everything must have an end, and tho christening of Goggles' baby, the supper and longth of the bill that represented jt| prove no exception to tho rule. In conclnso!:, we bolieve that during | tho whole of tho following week Mr. Gobies seriously turned the question over in his mind whether lliero were not more attractions at home than at the Doorknocker Club. We believe that tho question was resolved by Goggles turn ing over a new leaf and resigning his membership ; and as we had the pleasure of putting our legs under his dining table the other evening, in spite of strict attention to tho dinner, we could not help observ ing that Mrs. Goggles looked al most quito happy, and that her faca (which was really pretty) had entirely lost its old haggard expression ; and so we think that there is reason for believing that the .uew leaf will take a very long time to fill up. Of one thing we are quite certain, and that is we distinctly heard Goggles twice address his wife by the affectionate ap pellation of 'my dear,' and three times by that of ' my love ;' and we are equ ally certain that after dinner he was guilty of playing blind-man's-buff with the twins, and horse or gee-gee with the the baby, not to speak of many other absurdities. We are equally positive that all these pleasant changes are to a great extent connected with ' Goggles' last baby.' THE END. 