COLEBA1NE. (FBOM ODB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Jnne 28. A very successful entertainment, consist ing of TaMcavx Vivants with readings and soDgs interspersed, was given by the Girls' Friendly Society, assisted by a few gentler men on Monday evening at tbe Mechanics' Hall. The building was well filled, and the following representations were ehown : — No- I, " Pygmalion and Galatea," with recitation by Mr. Harry Hill ; 2, " Prince Arthur and Hubert," with reading from " King John," by Miss Do Arroyave and Mr. Harry Hill ; 3, " You dirty boy," with song, by Mr. L. M. Leaser; 4, "Tbe Guardian Angel," with song, by Mrs. Gould : 5. "Three vounr maids nf.teaM followed by " Three old maids of Lee," with tbe song, "Three maids of Lee," by. Miss M. Nickoll ;6, " Faith, Hope and Charity," with song, " Charity," by Air. Spooner ; 7, " The vision of Qaeen Katharine,"' with reading by Miss De Arroyave and Mr. Harry Hill, and song, " Angels ever bright and fair ', by Miss Archer ; 8, " The united kingdom, France and America," with song, "America's emblem is tbe violet," by Mr. L. M. Lesser ; 9, " Jessie of Dnmblane," with aong. "Jessie the flower of Dnmblane," by Mr. W. Turn- boll ; 10, "The Maypole," with song, " Come lasses aod lads," by Mr. Spooner ; 11, "Greater Britain," with song, "Role Britannia," by Mr. W. Tarnbnll. The enter tainment was preceded by a recitation by Miss Frances Coe, and piano solos were given by Mies Duncan and Miss Dolman. The different pictures, illuminated by magnesium _Jieht, were very effectively shown, and reflected ijfearrcraii,. «n:,nrinj cerned in their production. Half the pro ceeds will go to the f onds of the Children's Hospital. One of the largest congregations ever seen in Holy Trinity Chmch assembled on San- day morning last, on which occasion the. Bishop of tbe diocese (Dr. Thornton) preached, and administered the sacrament of Confirmation. The usual morning service was slightly curtailed, after which the Bishop gave an eloquent address, which was intended principally forthe' candidates that, day, upon the .Words in lh'e lSth ffb&pfor; of Romans, Ipartiofthe iSth-vterte— " Abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost," in which the preacher minutely explained the nature of tbe important cere- mony they were about to participate in, and the heavy responsibilities it involved. At the close of the address, the confirmation service was conducted, during which 12; female and € male candidates were pre-; seated by the Vicar for confirmation at the; hands of the Bishop. 