THE YOUNG FOLKS. LETTERS TO BOYS.—No. XXXVII. [By an Eminent South Australian now on his Travels.! . My dear boys—I left Vienna on Monday, November 21, at 7.20 a.m., being frightened out by the snow—I would gladly otherwise have stayed a few days longer—and reached Venice the same evening at 11.30, three-i quarters of an hour late. Long before I left ] cabs were at their stands in the stioets. _ As a j rule it is not easy to get a cab at that time in Adelaide. Yet in Vienna it was bitterly cold and snowing, and had been snowing all night, and heavy black snow clouds were discharging on the tops of the hills. The heaps of stones in the street for paving looked like huge heaps of salt, and the ground being covered and the trees laden with snow gave a curious appear ance in the early morning, although when a boy such a sight was no novelty to me. It was the first day since leaving Adelaide that 1 thought it better to put on my heavy coat. 1 saw many very pretty horses in Vienna—not so heavy nor so fat as in England, and evidently with a good touch of Eastern blood in them, as tbero is in the people. At the Vienna railway-station while waiting for the train I had a cup of coffee, the best 1 have yet tasted on my travels. That and the roll therewith cost 10 kreutzers, of which there are live to a penny, so that was not dear. The Austrians in Vienna need not starve. I afterwards told an American lady at Elorence about that cup of coifee, and she said Vienna was celebrated for its coffee; she had never tasted such coifee as she got there. You get all sorts ot time at the different places in Vienna; and railway time is at least five minutes slower than the general time,and it was a quarter of an hour slower than my hotel time, which they there assured me was correct. As I had decided to be at the station a quarter of an hour early I was therefore at least half an hour too soon, buo as the waiting-rooms were large, comfortable, and warm, I suffered no inconvenience. They keep you in the waiting-rooms and won't let you on to the platform till a few minutes before starting, and then only let through those that have tickets. I think this an advantage. Why can't people a3 well say good-bye before enter ing the station as on the platform 1 As we went along the line south there were large pine woods for scores upon scores of miles, millions on millions of acres of them— all very thickly planted, only a few feet apart. We soon got into high ranges, and passed down and up a pass nearly all the way to the Italian frontier. In many places it was like the Piohi-Richi PasB, bar the snow, and except that every here and there were quaint pretty little towns and villages, and occasionally the pass opened to half a mile or so wide. These little towns wer8 very pic turesque, and exactly what you see in some of the good pictures—in two or three places old castles in ruins ; one on the top of a little round hill had a high tower, and was par ticularly pretty. The glare of the snow, how ever, although there was no sun out, gave a tendency to smarting in the eyes, and quite made-me understand that the arctic explorers were sometimes nearly blinded unless they wore shades. All the roofs oE the houses had a very steep pitch, evidently necessary to prevent the snow from accumulating in too heavy masses, and I now appreciate the architecture at which I have often wondered in South Australia in the houses of the early old Ger man settlers there. The haystacks have a Bimilar pitch, or even sharper; and in order to get it they mostly tie the hay round poles which are, say, 7 ft. hieh, with two or three little crosspieces at about 2 ft. apart; some times little branches of the piece of pine tree, which is occasionally used. These little cross pieces prevent the hay from slipping. When the stack is finished it is 6 to 7 ft. high and 2 ft. through in the thickest part. Of course a great quantity are required for much hay. At one farm I counted about 20 by 30 of these poleB at least 600 in alL Here and there were a few that were larger, not much higher, but 5 or 6 ft. through at the bottom, but this was ex ceptional. The Austrian trains south of Vienna eeemed | to me markedly inferior to the German. Engines, trucks, and carriages alike smaller exteriorly, not half so clean, nor were they so convenient. Still I cannot complain, the second class was far more comfortable than I judged the second to be in England. I say judged, because I never travelled second class in England, I went third or first, and the second-class German carriages were certainly better than some of the first-class carriages I travelled in in England—and the Austrian nearly as good inside. I travelled from Vienna right away through to Venice in the same carriage, so, so far, I cannob speak of the Italian carriages. Bat the general arrangements at the stations appeared inferior, decidedly inferior, to the Austrian and exceedingly inferior to the German stations. But then Italy is a poorer country— at present—than either. In the train with me was an American gentleman, and also a Cau casian lady travelling to her husband in Genoa. She could only speak a little very bad Erench, and had great difficulty in getting understood, and very nearly passed by her station. The American had arranged to Btay at a pension in Venice, and kindly waited to see if my porter—whom not knowing the language I had wired to meeb me—were there, if not I was to go with bim; but as the season had been bad and travellers few, my porter was on the look out, so I bade my friendly American good-bye. The guide was very attentive. He asked me if a one-oared gondola would do. A gondola at a railway-station t thought I. I said yes. He called one up, and in I jumped. I thought the thing ricketty, but it was quite sufficiently stable, much more so than it at first looked. The gondolier put me in a little house, and shut me up. I did not like that at all. I did nob like being cooped in, but Baid nothing, although I opened the windows. As he turned from the light of the station into a back dark lane of a canal, I thought what a grand place for a stiletto and a night; at the bottom of the canal. It was bright starlight, but the houses threw a deep shade, and made the arrange ments look gruesome. We seemed to glide mysteriously and in a ghost-lilce manner past doorsteps and dark narrow openings, which almost invited assassination, bub I got safe to the hotel at lasb. Then the head waiter met me. I walked up marble staircases, and into lordly halls, which the waiter told me formed part of the former palace now used as an hotel I couldn't help thinking of Byron's— "There is no hope for nations," and so forth, written of this same Venice, and wondered what the gay Othellos and Desdemonas and Romeos and Juliets would have thought of their beloved Italy had they known that their country men would descend to catering for the vulgar Saxon in order to gain a living, and turn their lovely banqueting halls into smoking rooms for a savage from the then unknown antipodes. Alas, alas, for Venice ! And then most of the waiters, too, were of the hated Tschedi Tedeschi. I got on better by my bad German with one of these, a brighb youDg chap, than I got on with the bad English of the official English speaker of the hotel. The night was lovely, soft, and balmy, with just enough cold to be braoing, and oh, how I enjoyed it after the cold snow of Vienna ! It was near 1 before I got to bed, and I slept like a top. Venice, Tuesday evening, November 22. My dear boys—Is this really Venice? I sib me down and doubt whether it is a dream or reality. I am in a daze and scarce certain whether I am on my head or my heels, or whether it is myself or my ghost. And on pinching myself I find that it is really true, and that verily I, from the antipodes, am surely here in Venice. Wonderful, lovely, exquisite Venice, queen of the Adriatic, glory of cities, unapproached and unapproaohable. The people are poor, the shops not fine, the streets not particularly clean. But if the people were ten time3 poorer, if the shops were really shabby, if the streets were outrageously foul, it would still be worth while to take the voyage from Australia to see only Venice. It passes de scription. Nob all the painting in the world could equal it. Putting out some of the cathe drals_ and our Abbey, which last betters the description of the house called Beautiful that Christian saw in the Pilgrim's Progress, all towns and cities and buildings that I have seen —Bombay and London, Chester and York, Brussels and Vienna, and every other one that I have visited—put together and multiplied by 10 don't equal Venice for loveliness. I have been all along the Grand Canal (alas! in a steamer), and am come back to my hotel wild with excitement, dazed with the beauty of it—the magnificent palaces and their ex quisite variety, the lovely carvings, the filagree ironwork, the diversity of light and shadow and color and tint, the painted houses'; the play of the sun glinting on the marble and the glass and the water, and on the gilded tips of the minarets of the churches ; the gon dolas gliding about like spectres, the gor geously colored sails of the boats, the pretty bridges, the streets of water—all together make up such a picture as it had never en tered into my mind before to oonceive. Truly have I been lucky in my weather. The day was glorious, the sun was bright, the sky was blue, the air was mild, the wind was pleasant. My first regret was that I couldn't have been here in summer, my second that I can't manage a week in a gpndola on the Grand Canal aloDe. I am lost in wonder at how it is that such a multitude of exquisitely beautiful buildings could have been brought together in one place. And now, havingrelievedmy mindbv diseharging myself of my first impressions, I will off to bed. If I didn't do this I don't think I should aleep.a wink for thinkine of it. Wednesday morning couldn't have been finer—bright sky, no clouds, warm sun. I had no blind to pull up. I do like a blind and don't like its absence—and I looked out upon a canal and a fine old palace opposite, and from the other window upon another fine old palace next door to me—the one opposite deserted. As I went down to breakfast I walked upon marble stairs exquisitely cut and chiselled, stepping upon the patterns with something of regi'et. They gave ma horrid coffee for breakfast, and as I drank it I stared at horrid nsly vulgar German prints and picturc-B. The wretched things made me nearly ill. At 10 the guide carue. Tlu-.y had wanted to engage liiin the night before, but as is my custom, I sai l fet me have a look at him first. And I did. I then engaged him for the day at six iranes. Ho was cunniug enough not to make any arrangement for a reduction for two days, as I have sometimes before arranged, and was rather nasty in his style about it, po I quietly determined that he shouldn't have two whole days of me. Tnis I didn't tell him at the momeut. Of course he got the better.of me, because he got the second half-day free. However, forth wo started, through little narrow streets, many of j which I euuld touch, and some ot which .1 actually did touch, ad opposite sides at once by spreading the hands. In a few minutes we opened out upon the Piazza of Sc. Mark, and then I saw again that I was iu Venice. The pictures give ib literally, but are far short of icself in beauty—very far short. There I was the Palace of the Doges—a.d. 814, the | guide said—and the Church of Sc. Mark, and the Campanile—a grand tower. And I looked. And I turned round and looked again. And I admired and wondered. And the guide evidently expected me to admire and wonder. He pointed out to me the oele brated Lions of Sc. Mark, brought from some where in the East, taken away by Napoleon, and. returned again at the peace of 1815; a tower on which was a large boll outside with two blacksmiths working with their anvils upon it, with which they struck the hours. He also showed me the colonnade aud the gorgeous front of St. Mark's church, which I could see for myself. He said the pillars near the church were brought from Acre in 125(5, and some others from Tyro in 1123, and some from the Jerusalem Temple. He then said we must go into the church first. "All right," said I, and we went. It is Byzantine and—at least so the guide said—a copy on a smaller scale of the mosque of So, Sophia at Constantinople He did the thing in proper guide style—as far as I would let him. " See, gentleman, the Venetian glass and marble mosaic; the roof pictured in ditto; the agate from the Temple of Jerusalem ; the five domes completing the Greek cross; the pillars, also from Jerusalem," aud so forth ; and I let him reel it off as fast as he liked, and before be came to a full stop, as I don't like Byzantine beauty in a church, I turned about and said, " We'll go." At this he looked hard at me, and as I started off he followed. I saw a cloud come over his face at my evident indifference, bub as I was there to please myself, aud not him, it didn't delay my exit. When we got out he said—"Now, we'll go to the Doge's palace, and you must pay two francs," "Two franca?" said I. "Yes," said he, "one for me." "Do they charge for the guide?" asked I. "Yes," replied he. Said I " In Brussels the guide goes free." "He doesn't here," said he with an insolence of intonation, doubtless moved by his displeasure at my conduct in St. Mark's; that set up my bristles. Now, I didn't want that guide to think that I was made of money and to be bled to any given extent, aud I determined to give him a hint to than effect, sol said "I don't go into the Doge's palace." "Nob go into Che Doge's palaceBaid he in horror and amazement. " No," was my rejoinder. " What! go out all the way to Australia and say you have not visited the Doge's palace?" "Very likely." said I. "What will people say of you?" said he. '' That settles the question" was my re joinder—"anyhow, for the'presenc." I inentalty added," "I want to see the city and nob the palace. Take me through the poorer parts of the town." The beab way, he said, was to get on a steamer, and we did so. I subsequently found that this was not true, only his lord liness didn't like going into the poorer pares of the town, and he thought he would keep me on a string till the day was over. We went up the Graud Canal, and he was pleased and somewhao recovered his equanimity at my evident enjoyment of its loveliness, and pointed out to me the various palaces as we passed. I didn't want to know whose palaces they had been, I didn't want to study the history of Venice, I only wanted to gratify the senses and enjoy the beauty of it, aud was annoyed at his chatter. Presently he said those ball houses up that canal there are the Ghetto, the Jews' quarter. At that moment the steamer stopped at the wharf leading to the Ghetto, and I said "I'll see that," and got off. Of course he got off too. I said "I'll go through che Ghetto." "What!" hesaid. So I said I meant to see the Jew's quarter. He hung back, I said that I always liked to see all parts of the town. He said that it was very dirty there. "All the better," Baid I, "I want to see ib just as it is," and continued my pace aba steady even rate of going. I wish you could have seen him. If he had been paid he would have broken the contract and cleared off, I'm sure, but as he hadn't he didn't like losing his six francs. He had again rather angered me by bis dictatorial aud ill-timed opposition, but the sight of his face as I turned to beg him to come on set me right again. It was irresistibly comic. Horror, annoyance, astonishment, and disgust were blended as 1 never saw them blended before in a buman countenance. He scoffed and he sniffed, and he scowled and he sulked, and he looked such a picture of rage and indignation that if he had worn a soft hat and a Venetian cloak I should have feared a stiletto. But as he was dressed like a modern European in the horrid ugly dress that we all have to assume I walked on recklessly, and as he had his six francs to earn he followed, and after a quarter of an hour's walking he softened and again became communicative, although he evidently told some of the passers-by that it wasn't his fault that he was in that obscure neighborhood. After we had zigzagged this part of the town and got nearly back to fashionable quarters—nearly an hour after wards — he suddenly stopped and thus delivered himself:—"Gentleman—I was born here in Venice, and have been 25 years a guide—ever since the Austrian war—and I give you my word I was never here before in this part ot the town, and no gentleman before ever wished me to bring him here." I suppose he thought this a necessary salve to his Christian conscience for coming into the quarters of the Jew of Venice. Having thus delivered himself, he Baid, "It is now time for me to eat." I told him there was no hurry, and invited him to wait half an hour and come and have dinner with me. But his lordship said that he couldn't wait, and besides his wife and children would be expecting him. He always dined with his family, and he asked me where he should meet me in an hour. I told him there where we stood, and he went off to the wife of his bosom. I then had an hour looking at the shops in the Piazza. At the hour he was back again and asked me where he should take me next, and I told him the ehurohes. He desired to show me the gardens. I told him I didn't want to sea the gardens—all gardens were the same to me; but as he made & great point of it I consented, the more especially as he told me that it was not much out of the way to some of the churches. It appears that his desire to show me the gardens was in order that he might explain the wonderful clever ness of the makers of Venice in making a garden in the sea, which I admitted, and desired him promptly to come on to the churches. Of these I saw several—none particularly taking my fancy—most of them being Byzan tine, although some were richly decorated. At the finish of the day he wanted to know if he should come to-morrow. I told him "Yes." Not that I was particularly taken with him, but he knew what I had seen and would not take me to the same places over again. 