IV. new In the course of the evening Rudolph's head began und ache, as, to say the truth, it often did ; for was he flat at an author ? and sufferance is the badge of all our proj ibe. His head generally ached : the intervals he em- Eve loyed upon magazine articles. He knew that head- wits che well ; it was the worst neuralgic kind-the wet- ' wel variety-the sort that keeps you tossing the day hole night long without hope of respite. About opei even o'clock, when the men went into the smoking- The om, the pain became unendurable. He called Dr. aror orter aside. " Can't you give me anything to relieve his ?" he asked piteously, after describing his symptoms. led "Oh, certainly," the doctor answered with that the risk medical confidence we all know so well. ' I'll loolt ing you up a draught that will put that all right in and ss than half- an-hour. What Mrs Bruce calls Soma The -the fine old crusted remedy of our Aryan ancestor; and ere's nothing like it for cases of nervous inanition." exac Rudolph went up to his room, and the doctor earl Ilowed him a few minutes later with a very small now ial of avery thick green viscid liquid. He poured as n drops carefully into a measured medicine-glass, blac d filled it up with water. It amalgamated badly. thei rink that off," he said, with the magisterial air of abo e cunning leech. And Rudolph drank it. fiery " I'll leave you the bottle," the doctor went on, lay- gor g it down on the dressing- table " only use it with skii ution. Ten drops in two hours if the pain con- blo nues. Not more than ten, recollect. It's a powerful I arcotic-I daresay you know its name : it's Cannabis mo dica." see Rudolph thanked him inarticulately, and flung him- cro If on the bed without undressing. He had brought sei: a book with him-that delicious volume. Joseph hin acobs's " English Fairy Tales "-and he tried in some As ague way to read the story of Childe Roland,to which lau rofessor Spence had directed his attention. But his hat cad ached so much he could hardly read it; he only an athered with difficulty that Childe Roland had been mi astructed by witch or warlock to come to a green hill urrounded with terrace-rings-like Pallinghurst toc arrow- to walk round it thrice, widershins, saying str ach time- wc Open door, open door, bri And let me come in, trii end when the door opened to enter unabashed the fairy be ding'spalace. And the third time the door did open, nd Childe Roland entered a court, all lighted with a hi iry light or gloaming; and then he went through a Tong passage, till he came at last to two wide stone Re doors; and beyond them lay a hall-stately, glorious, mr agnificent--where Burd Ellen sat combing her golden ra air with a comb of amber. And the moment she saw he her brother, up she stood, and she said Woe worth the day, ye luckless fool, ch Or ever thatye were born; bt For come the King of Elfland in co Your fortune is forlorn. p1 -hen Rudolph had read so far his head ached so much of le could read no further; so he laid down the book, TI nd reflected once more in some half-conscious mood in a Mrs Bruce's theory that each man could see only of e ghosts he expected. That seemed reasonable se nough, for according to our faith is it unto us always. in so, then these ancient and savage ghosts of the dim ea Id Stone Age, before bronze or iron, must still haunt wi e grassy barrows under the waving pines, where rt cgend declared they were long since buried; and the re ystic light over Pallinghurst moor must be the local zi vidence and symbol of their presence. R How long he lay there he hardly quite knew; but at e clock struck twice, and his head was aching so ai ercely now that he helped himself plentifully to a cond dose of the thick green mixture. His hands fl ook too much to be Puritanical to a drop or two. d or a while it relieved him ; then the pain grew worse g ain, Dreamily he moved over to the big north oriel o cool his brow with the fresh night air. The window g ood open. As he gazed out a curious sight met his p e'e. At another oriel in the wing, which ran in an -shaped bend from the part of the house where he c ad been put, he saw a child's white face gaze g ppealingly across to him. It was Joyce, in her white ght-dress, peering with all her might, in spite of her t other's prohibition, on the mystic common. For a cond she started. Her eyes met his. Slowly she ised one pale forefinger and pointed. Her lips Opened to frame an inaudible word; but he read it by ght. "Look," she said simply. Rudolph looked I here she pointed. t A faint blue light hung lambent over the Old Long arrow. It was ghostly and vague, like matches i bbed on the palm. It seemed to rouse and call t Mm. He glanced towards Joyce. She waved her hand to e barrow. Her lips said " Go." Rudolph was now t Sthat strange semi-mesmeric state of self-induced hypnotism when a command, of whatever sort or by homever given, seems to compel obedience. Tremb hg he rose, and taking his bedroom candle in his and, descended the stairs noiselessly. Then,walking 1 n tip-toe across the tile-paved hall, he reached his hat omthe rack, and opening the front door stole out to the garden. The Soma had steadied his nearves and supplied him ith false courage; but even in spite of it he felt a ird and creepy) sense of mystery and the supernatural. deed, he would have turned back even now, had he at chanced to lookl up and see Joyce's pale face still essed close against the window and Joyce's white d still motioning him mutely onward. He looked ce more in the direction where she pointed. The ec dL light now burnt clearer and bluer, and more eathly than ever, and the illimitable moor seemed unted from end to end by innumerable invisible and canny creatures. Rudolph groped his way on. His goal was the arrow. As he went, speechless voices seemed to thisper unknown tongues encouragingly in his ear; horrible shapes of elder creeds appeared to crowd und him and tempt him with beckoning fingers to hllow them. Alone, erect, across the darkling waste, fumbling now and again over roots of gorse and eather, but steadied, as it seemed, by invisible hands, he staggered slowly forward, till at last, with aching head and trembling feet, he stood beside the imme erial grave of the savage chieftain. Away over in he east the white moon was just rising. After a moment's pause, he began to walk round hetumulus. But something clogged and impeded n. His feet wouldn't obey his will; they seemed to ove of themselves in the opposite direction. Then I1at once he remembered he had been trying to go eway of the sun, instead of widershins. Steadying mself, and opening his eyes, he walked in the converse use. All at once his feet moved easily, and the visible attendants chuckled to themselves so loud at he could almost hear them. After the third round slips parted, and he murmured the mystic words: 'Sen door! Open door! Let me come in." Then Shead throbbed worse than ever with exertion and diness, and for two or three minutes more he was conscious of anything. When he opened his eyes again a very different Tl sight displayed itself before him. Instantly he was the i aware that the age had gone back upon its steps ten lowe thousand years, as the sun went back upon the dial of ance Ahaz; he stood face to face with a remote antiquity. not _ Planes of existence faded ; new sights floated over him ; deep new worlds were penetrated; new ideas, yet very old, H undulated centrically towards him from the universal boun flat of time and space and matter and motion. He was gibb, projected into another sphere and saw by fresh senses. heatd Everything ivas changed, and he himself changed victil with it. his 1 The blue light over the barrow.now shone clear as flesh day, though infinitely more mysterious. A passage lay to a open through the grassy slope into a rude stone corridor. and Though his curiosity by this time was thoroughly yet I aroused, Rudolph shrank with a terrible shrinking from chai his own impulse to enter this grim black hole, which two led at once, by an oblique descent, into the bowels of crue the earth. But he couldn't help himself. For, O God I Nigl looking round him, he saw, to his infinite terror, alarm, to ti and awe, a ghostly throng of naked and hideous savages. ing They were spirits, yet savages. Eagerly they jostled wha and hustled him, and crowded round him in wild groups, flow exactly as they had done to the spiritual sense a little selvh earlier in the evening, when he couldn't see them. But fron now he saw them clearly with the outer eye ; saw them whir as grinning and hateful barbarian shadows, neither cryi black nor white, but tawny-skinned and low-browed; Mkng their tangled hair falling unkempt in matted locks bloc about their receding foreheads; their jaws large and slee fierce; their eyebrows shaggy and protruding like a ' gorilla's ; their loins just girt with a few scraps of torn ich( skin; their whole mien inexpressibly repulsive and 'I bloodthirsty. vict They were savages, yet they were ghosts. The two can most terrible and dreaded foes of civilised experience of seemed combined at once in them. Rudolph Reeve pat crouched powerless in their intangible hands ; for they low seized him roughly with incorporeal fingers, and pushed Ru him bodily into the presence of their sleeping chieftain, the As they did so the)' raised loud peals of discordant un, laughter. It was hollow, but it was piercing. In that in hateful sound the triumphant whoop of the Red Indian wo and the weird mockery of the ghost were strangely me mingled into some appalling harmony. in Rudolph allowed them to push him in ; they were brE t too many to resist; and the Soma had sucked all ru, strength out of his muscles. The women were the de: worst; ghastly hags of eld, witches with pendent the breasts and bloodshot eyes, they whirled round him in tor triumph, and shouted aloud in a tongue he had never H; before heard, though he understood it instinctively, " A victim I A victim ! We hold him:! We have co t him " Cl a Even in the agonised horror of that awful moment In, e Rudolph knew why he understood those words, w' unheard till then. They were the first language of our hi Srace-the natural and instinctive mother- tongue of vhumanity. m They haled him forward by main force to the central va chamber, with hands and arms and ghostly shreds of he buffolo-hide. Their wrists compelled him as the magnet it compels the iron bar. He entered the palace. A dim R phosphorescent light, like the light of a churchyard or h of decaying paganism, seemed to illumine it faintly. ul , Things loomed dark before him; but his eyes almost d instantly adapted themselves to the gloom, as the eyes a y of the dead on the first night in the grave adapt them- rc e selves by innerforce to the strangeness of their surround s. ings. The royal hall was built up of cylopean stones, n each as big as the head of some collosal Sesostris. They tl it were of ice-worn granite and a dusky-grey sandstone, a re rudely piled on one another, and carved in relief with ie representations of serpents, concentric lines, interlacing tc al zigzags, and the mystic swastika. But all these things e: Rudolph only saw vaguely, if he saw them at all; his s Lt attention was too much concentrated on devouring fear 3o and the horror of his situation. a In the very centre a skeleton sat crouching on the h is floor in some loose, huddled fashion. Its legs were t o. doubled up, its hands clasped round its knees, its se grinning teeth had long been blackened by time el or by the indurated blood of human victims. The w ghosts approached it with strange reverence, in impish i is postures. tn "Seel We bring you a slave, great king!" they a he cried in the same barbaric tongue-all clicks and s ze gutturals. " For this is the holy night of your father, c te the Sun, when he turns him about on his yearly course 1 er through the stars and goes south to leave us. We bring v a you a slave to renew your youth. Rise i Drink his hot i he blood I Rise I Kill and eat him !" a ps The grinning skeleton turned its head and regarded I by Rudolph from its eyeless orbs with a vacant glance of x ed hungry satisfaction. The sight of human meat seemed s to create a soul beneath the ribs of death in some ng incredible fashion. Even as Rudolph, held fast by the les immaterial hands of his ghastly captors, looked and all trembled for his fate, too terrified to cry out or even to move and struggle, he beheld the hideous thing rise to and assume a shadowy shape all pallid blue light,like ow the shapes of his goalers. Bit by bit, as he gazed, the ed skeleton seemed to disappear, or rather to fade into by some unsubstantial form, which was nevertheless b- more human, more corporeal, more horrible than the his dry bone s it had come from. Naked and yellow like ng the rest, it wore round its dim waist just an apron of [at dry grass, or what seemed to be such, while over its )ut shoulders hung the ghost of a bear-skin mantle. As it rose, the other spectres knocked their foreheads low tim on the ground before it, and grovelled with their long ta locks in the ageless dust, arid uttered elfin cries of I :al. inarticulate homage. he The great chief turned, grinning, to one of his till spectral henchmen. "Give a knife! " he said curtly, . mite for all that these strange shades uttered was snapped 1 ted out in short, sharp sentences, and in a monosyllabic 'he tongue, like the bark of jackals or the laugh of the ore striped hyena among the graves at midnight. ied The attendant, bowing low once more, handed his 1 mnd liege a flint flake, very keen-edged, but jagged, a rude and horrible instrument of barbaric manufacture. But the what terrified Rudolph most was the fact that thisflake Ito was no ghostly weapon, no immaterial shred, but a ar; fragment of real stone, capable of inflicting a deadly mwd gash or long torn wound. Hundreds of such frag s to ments, indeed, lay loose on the concreted floor of the ste, chamber, some of them roughly chipped, others ground and and polished. Rudolph had seen such things in ids, museums many times before, with a sudden rush of ing horror, he recognised now for the first time in his life me- with what object the savages of that far- off day had r in buried them with their dead in the chambered barrows. und With a violent effort he wetted his parched lips with ded his tongue, and cried out thrice in his agony the one d to word, "Mercy !" hen At that sound the savage king burst into a loud and .go fiendish laugh. It was a hideous laugh, half-way be ymng tween a wild beast's and a murderous maniac's; it erse echoed through the long hall like the laughter of the devils when they succeed in leading a fair woman's loud soul to eternal perdition. "What does he say ?" the mund king cried, in the same transparently natural words rds: whose import Rudolph could understand at once. 'hen "How like birds they talk, these white- faced men, and whom we get for our only victims since the years grew was foolish ! 'Mu-mu-mu-moo!' they say; 'Mu-mu-mu moo !' more like frogs than men and women 1" Then it came over Rudolph instinctively, through, the maze of his terror, that he could understand the the lower tongue of these elfish visions because he and his und ancestors had once passed through it; but they could one not understand his because it was too high and too Me: deep for them. wer He had little time for thought, however. Fear har, bounded his horizon. The ghosts crowded round him, whi gibbering louder than before. With wild cries and fort' heathen screams they began to dance about their part victim. Two advanced with measured steps, and tied The his hands and feet with a ghostly cord. It cut into the plac flesh like the stab of a great sorrow. They bound him that to a stake which' Rudolph felt conscious was no earthly valu and material wood but a piece of intangible shadow; opir yet he could no more escape from it than from the iron abo chain of an earthly prison. On each side the stake a si two savage hags, long-haired, ill-favoured,inexpressibly cou cruel-looking, set two small plants of Enchanter's stag Night-shade. Then a fierce orgiastic shout went up the to the low roof from all the assembled people. Rush- to 1 ing forward together, they covered his body with tres whatseemed to be oil and butter; they hung grave- me flowers round his neck; they quarrelled among them- the selves with clamorous cries for hairs and rags torn froi from his head and clothing. The women, in particular, our whirled round him frantic with Bacchanalian gestures, nes crying aloud as they circled : " 0 great chief ! O my gua king I we offer you this victim; we offer you new ma blood to prolong your life. Give us in return sound sleep, dry graves, sweet dreams, fair seasons !" thr They cut themselves with flint knives. Ghostly ichor streamed copious. ba. The king meanwhile kept close guard over his we victim, whom he watched with hungry eyes of hideous the cannibal longing. Then, at a given signal, the crowd ser of ghosts stood suddenly still. There was an awesome fi' pause. The men gathered outside, the women crouched to low in a ring close up to him. Dimly at that moment ey j Rudolph noticed almost without noticing it that each of an them had a wound on the side of his own skull ; and he di t understood why : they had themselves been sacrificed w: ýt in the dim long ago to bear their king company to the T n world of spirits. Even as he thought that thought, the in men and women with a loud whoop raised hands aloft n' in unison. Each grasped a sharp flake, which he ai ,e brandished savagely. The king gave the signal by d 11 rushing at him with a jagged and sawlike knife. It w ,e descended on Rudolph's head. At the same moment, n it the others rushed forward, crying aloud in their own w n tongue. ",Carve the flesh from his bones! Slay him! 0 ,r Hack him to pieces !" r, y, Rudolph bent his head to avoid the blows. He o ,e cowed in abject terror. Oh ! what fear would any s Christian ghost have inspired by the side of these ,t incorporeal pagan savages ! Ah ! mercy ! mercy ! They d s would tear him limb from limb ! They would rend ti ar him in pieces ! of At that instant he raised his eyes, and, as by a miracle of fate, saw another shadowy form floating s vague before him. It was the form of a man in sixteenth- u of century costume, very dim and uncertain. It might I f have been a ghost-it might have been a vision-but I et it raised its shadowy hand and pointed toward the door. 1 m Rudolph saw it was unguarded. The savages were now c or upon him, their ghostly breath blew chill on his cheek. I y. " Show them iron !" cried the shadow in an English c ist voice. Rudolph struck out with both elbows and made es a fierce effort for freedom. It was with difficulty he 1 n- roused himself, but at last he succeeded. He drew his I d- pocket-knife and opened it. At sight of the cold steel, s, which no ghost or troll or imp can endure to behold, ey the savages fell back, muttering. But 'twas only for a ie, moment. Next instant, with a howl of vengeance even ith louder than before, they crowded round him and tried ng to intercept him. He shook them off with wild hgs energy, though they jostled 'and hustled him, and his struck him again and again with their sharp flint ,ar edges. Blood was flowing freely now from his hands and arms-red blood of this world ; but still he fought the his way out by main force with his sharp steel blade ere towards the door and the moonlight. The nearer its he got to the exit, the thicker and closer the ghosts me pressed around, as if conscious that their power was ish bounded by their own threshold. They avoided the knife, meanwhile, with superstitious terror. Rudolph elbowed them fiercely aside, and lunging at them now aey and again, made his way to the door. With one nd supreme effort he tore himself madly out, and stood ier, once more on the open heath, shivering like a grey ,rse hound.. The' ghosts gathered grinning by the open ing vestibule, their fierce teeth, like a wild beast's, confess hot ing their impotent anger. But Rudolph started to run, all wearied as he was, and ran a few hundred yards led before he fell and fainted. He dropped on a clump of of white heather by a sandy ridge, and lay there uncon led scious till well on into the morning. me V. the When the people from the Manor-house picked him nd up next day, he was hot and cold, terribly pale from to fear, and mumbling incoherently. Dr. Porter had him ise put to bed w:ithout a moment's delay, "Poor fellow !" tke he said, leaning over him, "he's had a very narrow the escape indeed of a bad brain fever. I oughtn't to have nto exhibited Cannabis in his excited condition; or, at any ess rate, if I did, I ought, at least, to have watched its thile effect more closely. Hle must be kept very quiet now, ike and on no account whatever, nurse, must either Mrs a of Bruce or Mrs Bouverie-Barton be allowed to come its near him. As But late in the afternoon Rudolph sent for Joyce. low The child came creeping !in with an ashen face. ang "Well ?" she murmured, soft and low, taking her seat s of by the bedside; "so the King of the Barrowvery nearly had you." his "Yes," Rudolph answered, relieved to find there tly' was somebody to whom he could talk freely of his ped terrible adventure. "He nearly had me. But how bic did you come to know it ?" the "About two by the clock," the child replied, with white lips of terror. "I saw the fires on the moor his burn brighter and bluer; and then I remembered the 'ude wvords of a terrible old rhyme the gipsy woman taught ut me lake Pallinghurs·t Barrow-Pallinghurst Barrow ! ut a Every year one heart thou'lt harrow! adly Pallinghurst Ring-- Pallinghurst Ring ! rag- A bloody man is thy ghostly king. the Men's bones he breaks, and sucks their marrow, und In Pallinghurst Ring on Pallinghurst Barrow; s in and just as I thought it, I saw the lights burn terribly h of bright and clear for a second, and I shuddered for life horror. Then they died down low at'once, and there had was moaning on the moor, cries of despair, as from a ered great crowd cheated, and at that I knew that you were not to he the Ghost-K(ing's victim." 