TEE VILLAGE FOIE. THe Yea Recreation Reserve presinted a novel appearahce ain Thursday last, on the occasion of the opening of the Village Fair, which was got up in order to wipe off a lia bility contracted by the Vedtry of St. Luke's Church with the old Conmmercial Bank. There wdre many prophecies of failure, owing to the tightness of money; but still the ladies went bravely on with their work, fully determined to make it a succees, sard tile results have exceeded their most sanguine anticipations; albeit one or two expected td go into three figures, but the majority are gatisfied, and with every reason, for the total takings went up td close on £80, as will be found in the detailed statement lower down. Up to mid-day the .sixpenced and threepences at the gate did lot probably enceed 50s., nuibers of country people who had intended coming to the Fair tid? being able to do so owing to the shearing and other pressing work; but after dinner.the tiream incireased in volume, the attraction of the cricketers id costome, headed by the Yea Brass Band, proving rather much for any of tlhe twonspleople or visitors who might have been in doubt as to whether they would go to the Fair or speind the afternoon fishinig, riding, lshooting, or some other iastime. The stalls (which whle erected by Mr. J. Lewis free of charsge; Mr. C. S. M'Kay acting in like manner with the calico signs), though nicely arranged and gaily decorated; were placed in rather close Caoxinmit;, but thiere was some reason for it, as'Mr. D. J. Wight man, who liad kindly lent the necessary tiembir, very naturally did nsot want to have it returned to him in unsaleable lengths: so the managers of the Fair did the Iest they could under tile circumstances. The side shows included a Punch and .Judy (the ienit for whicht Was kindly lent by Mr. A. Hood), seen for the first time by many of the young. sters, and enjoynd uproariosly ; a dwarf, who told fortunes fora smallcoin of the realm; a shooting-gallery, which was freely patro nised; an Aunt Sally, that seas left in a rather forlorn and dfjectied-looking condi tion ; the maypole, flower show, fish-pond, and bran pies, some amazing results being obtained by youthful disciples of goo I old Izaak Walton who went fishing at a charge of a penny a dip. Strawberries and cream, tea, cakes, sandwiehes, &c.;, were provided in abundance, while there was no lack of temperance beverages, the sale of which, at a penny a glass, realised quite a respectable amount, the thirst of the average Australian being at all times difficult to as-snage. The Yea Brass Band dli a good deal to enliven the proceedings, and many visitors heard with regret that overtsers nsmadetthddtficient haiidinaster from Gaffney's Creek were likely to prove too tempting in a peconiary point of view. The costume cricket match did not last long, but the fun was fastand furious whilst the game continued. The weather was delightful, and altogether the day proved a pleasurable one for everybody concerned in the Fair and for the large number of visitors-probably. 6t less than 500 during the day. A pl?ading feature of the proceed ings was the presentation of a buggy horse by Dr. Lang to the Rev. C. H. Barnes, thepur chase money (£1210s.) havingbeen subscribed by friends and parishioners. Mr. George Knights (a former Yea boy who has obtained several prizes at the Working Men's College for superior plumber's workmanship) set up an automatic, portable fountain for a conservatory or fernery, and it was, perhaps, the most artistic contribution to the Fair. Mrs. Chrystal being the lucky winner. From mid-day till the Fair closed at 6 p.m. the ladies who had charge of the stalls had a very busy time of it. the refreshment stall being literally besieged the whole time. .iss White and Miss Shinnmin got up races for the girls and boys, and .Mr. S. Wall pranced round in an old coat hung with bags of lollies and nuts which were snatched away a goodl deal quicker than they were sewn o~. Cqritrstistior s generally were nso umer ous andi varied, and from all parts of the district, that no accurate list could be kept; but the ladies' comnmittee wish to heartily thank all who contributed both goods ands refreshments. Almost cierything usually founad at a sale of work wa-r 6 the ground, front a pen- wiper t, a baby's frock;,and a fat shecep to a bag of potatoes. eIlE OPENINr CEREMONT. At Ialf-past eleven o'clock the Fair is s formally opened by Mr. E. S Purcell, J..PY, president of the shire, who said: I have been requested to open this Village Fair by the lalies' dommittee, and have much pleasure in doing sO: I take it as a compli ment to ihe rasepayers generally and see that it would not do t6' ay "No" to the ladies, although I am by nb' means what is called "a ladies' man." The object of the Fair must commeiid itself to all of us. It is to relieve the guatantors of St. Luke's Church of a liability of £90 to the Comiercial Bani. In" thse depressed firi?s the many calls on our purses are soinewlha difficult to meet; but I Ijlievd' it t6 be very true that the measure of our material pros perity is proplrtioned to' our liberality in spiritual things: I regret that thse money raised cannot be" applied to present needs, but trust that the'dergetic efforts made silt meet with' the success they deserve. THE FoUWER Snow.: . he fower shbo, whihdl was oir dif tho" features of the flower and prodilce stall, did not attract 4 very large number of entries, bbt s?ode" of thd design'h ei-e ex.cedingly pretty. The prizes foi the bhst collectinh of wild flowers and grasses were awarded to Jo6h fiRdisell and Frederi~e Biggi'ns¢ of the Alexandia State SCh661, a special prize being given to Miss Franklin`, Bl urrrrulidi'; best floral designs, M rs. J. H. CrystT al'd Lizzie Knights--usecial prize,;Gra-ce Forbes; button-hole bouqiet; Miss Ulderwod ;: best bouquet, Mrsl' Prvis Mrs. James Dunn and Miss Merry acted as jndgl THE MAvP'orE: It KsG' thought by solue of th e ladiesi that i .Village Fair without a ticayplle would be like' te play of lHaidlet with th' principil part olnitted ; so a few weeks ago'a num= br of boys and girls.Were got together, bht the boys proVed rather frolicsome eveni for a maypole frolie, ind h~i tf6 be giveo' up' as a bed job;. telo the inofluenna laid up somst if the best d-the g'rls,- bd't the follfWing (who were ablytrained by Mrs. Waters, assistil by Mlesdamts Lang, G(al'i;" Will, anit Misls Shimnmin) frolicked around, the maypole enethe oaeomp yin?ick'e?, nflof the Yea" BIaos Boano, and" a very pretty sight it was aso they twisted and usitwisted the rib bons arounnl' ihh pole:-Minnie, Tilley, at?dl Lizzie Knight;, Harriet and Nelly Dwight, Ida and Hlee Wild;, Mary Annm Cole, Annit tok, PSt1d and ~Victoria Oliver, Rose and ly i)alwood, Magio'Ellis; Grace Forbes, A'gnes Ball, Katie id Mina Fisk, May ·tssE CoSriME CsICKEsT Adi in'a ?fhh foliowios were the characters in the tostumh cricket match, which proved the most i12thable affair of the Fair:--Dr. Lang, Schot?boy; W; Wilson, Schoolgirl ; F. E, SnlandfilaSd,'?eant Buzfuz; J. En tricken, Jocley; J. ?:Clsrystal, Stockman; C. Carr, Night ands.D'a? B, J: Drysdale, Blue and Red : Dans I?sILs~tri ld Darkie J. Robinson, Black Gin W. "'Leish and R. Anderson, Negro Ilinstrels;" . S. M'Kay and S. Wtall, Chinese Maniariot; T. Downie tnd M. M'Lesh, Clownsl J. Barrett, DIarktown Fire Brigade ; Fred Pur cell, Sailor; O. Scale, -; Arthur H Smith and Harry Bemrose, Ghosts; Charlie M'Kay, Policeman. PmmrsEvaTiTo o a Roas To REY. C. H. Some time ago Dr. Laorg thought it would be a nice thing to presenf Mr. Bhmdes with cistrict hes to travel over, and the money was pretty freely subscribed by ll who were auked to contribute. .In msking the presen totioo at the Fair br. Lnsg ~raid rt have i been asked by the anbecribers to make t; personal gift to the Worthy incunbent of St Luke's Church; Many of you have knowd him longer tlian I have; but cailb(t hiteeni him more highly than I do. I am pleased td say that he has won universal love and esteem, and it is our desire to help him id his work. Mr.. larnes, will you kindly ac: cept this gift? He is a personal gift to yddrtilf, not a " parish horse.". Lend his to nobody, and when you ivse him think of thd ddinrs: May you live long among os td use him auid to be a help to us. Mr. lirnes replied i Dt. Ldig and friends; it is dificult to say which is the more useful in a country parish-the parson, dr thie parson's horse:. Crtainly; the parish pastor cdndot get on without a good horse; and you could not have given nic a more useful or aeceptable gift than this beautiful animal: I thank you all fo6 the kiiidneso w'hicli prompted the gift, and for the kind words spoked fo'i ou by Dr. Lang. I shall use the horse carefully; Sod look fdrwvard to hiany useful hours with him. The gift ls most acceptable, and shows that my oftice is hell in esteen; I thank you most sincerely: AniousTd REALISED AT STALLS; GATE ASd SuIRE-iiALL Gate (Messrs:.Galvin, Wall; Alx: . ander; Webster) .. ... £10 15 d No: I Stall; Fancy Goods and Fish-pond (Me domes Anmler= sonu Galvin? Misses Mor lriry, Brdivu; Andlrsony ... Id 4 No. 2 stall; Strawberrie)d and Cream (.lMesdames Chrystal; Ling, Misses Webster; Wischer, Gotch) ... .:. 4 1 f No. 3 Stall, Jumble Gooifd (Mrs. Barnes, Mliss 'i. Ilnghes) ..: 2 9 Id No. 4 Stall, Needlework (':tds dames Martin, Jackson;Miss White)... ... .: ... 6 I 3' No. 5 Stall; Flowers anrd Proiluce (Mesilames Scale, W\ild, BHar rettt,Miss.sCahill, Dempster; tiiderwood, Hue)... ... ' 0 id No. 6 Stall, Refreshments (Ies dames Goodyer, Ker; Himte; Purcell, Misses\VWall; M'Kay, 1rysdale, Gray-assisted by Mrs. Ellis) ... 6i Bran' Pies (3Mrs: Jackson; Miss A. Wilsdii) ... ... ..: 0 Dwarf (Mrs. Herbert Barfett) ... 0 12 2 Punch and Judy (Mr. Jadkson).n : 5 3' 0' Shootiug Gallery andi Aui Sally. (Master O. Scale, Mr. J. Lewis) ... ri 1 Dotatious towards Punch anil Judy ... ... 19': 6 Other loiiiions (about) .::. 2.: r Entertainment at Shire- hall . :': 14 0 Total .... .:779 i Expenses (roughly estimated at .. abbut)..: .. 17 10 0 Net result of day (about) £60' 0 0 ExTEarcaisi3tET AT TiHt Siren'-i.LL. The Shire-l'll was literally crammed in tle evening, and those who may bhe in dobbt' as to thu decessity for tn ex?tension of the' hall should have been "in the steiw" for au' houror two, when doubtless their opinions' would Im modified. H. A. Jone's comedy " The Old Master," by the Yea Amatfers, comprised the first portion" of the hill of fare, and it went even more smo'otllv thain iu' the' first occsioin, wlhiih is saying a gobll derl.: Dr. Lang, who snstainied the clianctet of tihe old villae schlndult'.ter, Matti'ew I'cutame, was psrticolarly elfective in the' passpdi between hiimself andl Sir_ l-'pert' Vanstune (.1r. E.: iles) i' whirch he besoughSlpermission to accompany him in any eapacity rather thn p'ar5 with his daughter Sophie, who w.u t' Siutut to b wedl y? I the baronet. Mr. (;iica aolternately appeased' as hippy andl lunhappy as Iovers generally Io, his rote throit'osu'i."'ittifle a'dimuitlily sustainedl ; while the villanies of Siuitkin, Iris servant, were cleverly nidlineated by Mr. C. J. Wild. Sophie lPenrose (M\rs Lang) was the type of an English nuideun that a baronet, nursed by her; was certaln' to fall in love with, and liher actin? was as' natunil as it was graefurl anid piglnatt: while no lo;ing maiden nsed harl sig'ued.' for a more indtlhlge;t auil quick witted aunt thau Miss Ginmble (Mrs: Will) prove.l to be': as a imatch-iutkce she ap'iearel in her eldinesit,'hbr witl nul' tact" dispelling every clihd that arose between' hler niece Siophie and i.S Rltpeit Vainhtone, the'lover. The comledy oas" in' every way. a success, and those wlho took part initwell discerved the frequent plauditi df tho audipiin e: The second liart cbnkisteld of a' ".Wax. works Exhibition" by " MrsJharle?," who' trained her fi.ures so, admliirably that some' of the aidilience at the bhick of th hkbli siere serihously discussing which were:.ixa and which were icil live figures. That if the' best complitinciu thiatcould poesibly be pait to the artist's puostngof her tigures, asid' the: ladies who went thrri'gh' the trying ordeal" are to be coinplineuitel oh thl u¢ay ini whlch' thby seconded the effirti.of 'is." Hetlbrt; Ba'ridtt, who .came all the way froiin Mel bour'e to assist the ladies wih h' d. charge' of the Fair. Her lectuirette' abbqot the' relative fiGures were humorous to a degree,' audeuokeid peals of .loind lkuighter while' heiget-up?as 31It tVarley was a dight not' esily to be forgotten. nt'eri he asaistant' (Itidster O. Scale). who dihi the dtoting; and', the ?iiliding op of the figurie like?i'pratisddt hand;hill, d a ratheir blsy tie Sf it: .The follo-ing is' a list f r. th" fieru's Giphy, itrs:. Dessoor; Penelope, r Mrs." Waddel;' Galatea, Mis:. ChIrystal, Quelnu Elizabeth,' Mrs. Laig; 'Primit DoInna, Miss \Vilson ; Flora; ~\iss Gotch'; Mrs. Si4tecr .s Miss Suhiimmi ; Peka s'.oap, Miss'White ; Maiden' All Foriori?, .liss Martn ;: Polly Put the Kettle On1, 'iss._Updherwood ;.Boi'eep. Miss; v. :ri'tl;" Red Riting.,Hfood, Missl I.' H TLoissh;- 1StreeMr VIILA Dr" M':" L.hoig;'; Sitr \enlter Raleihli Ir. C. Carr; PIygnblbh," Mr. F. G. Purcell; Chang,'Mr. W..\V ilsuoii; Man All Tattired anid Torn, Al . ItR. Ailer son; Samboand his Gal; Mleisrs. Natioli'shd Hineman'; Pears' Sbap Boy~M.1oaster Galdin;: 'i' s.iiqeers' Boy, 'Master Lee GoUi. FHerr Heckker htving favor-ed the anlllidnce sith somne gooid mnie, thed procetings" were birought to a rlose by a hearty vote of thanks t6' all who todk part in the roteitaionmnit,'?ioposed by the Rev. C. f. lIarnsn and three lihearty chIedirs for Mrs:. Bthrrett.' who resopbnded, sltating that she ould' be hoppyto comeand gidr' asotini'*' dxhibition ibefore the'clo'e of tihe year, nid: thanlki'the pebple of theu distritt for all thli'k isiln ess they hadl shbvn heb'dieijig her ssy ambougst them'. Aftter singing a verse df the Natibnal Antlhem, the Y~a Vi:lage Fair of' 23rd November, 18&3, uvs brought to's close: . - . . .. . ?. Ti ? ca tea,?: at the N.R.A. shbbo!ig isatches at Williamstoi'uw' were not so suc cessfuth last year, biut fo ridiig they re ceived the most noieiberof pIoints. ,T~E newly-.iappointed P.MI., 'ir G. C. 'orrison, paid a visit $to the Yea Dahi' Factory on Tuesday, nld expressed surprise it finding the auinount of business transacted: A' nscr.'cLon is to be formed at Broetifordi, with a membership fie of obe guinea. Mr. A. M'Leod was electfed hhn. secretary, anos Mr. P. Bidstruptreasurer. .As American exchan e tells its readero' h'ow to mind thelk "i'rs' in the following paragraph --"'Pe'sons who patronise papers' should pay promptly, for t'h pecntmaty prospcets of the Press possesSa i' eculiar power in pushing forward public prdvpuity. If tihe printer is paid promtly, an 1his pocket-blook kept pletheoric by prompt nf-' mlg patrons, hle puts his pen to his paper ins' peace; his p.as.agrphis are more pointed; hepaintshispicetures of pissing events in more pleaoing colors, and the . perusal of his paper is a pleasure to the people. Pasts this piece of prorbbial phliluoiphy-iu soiis place where all petrso.us can preivelt," 