: OUTLAW & LAW-MAKER. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PEAED. CHAPTER XX. — (Continued. ) A few minutes Inter Blnko stood on tho stops of the club-house Ii;;litin his cigar. He was going to walk to the ferry. Lord Wavoryng joined him. Li You are froimr to walk. 1 see. So am T. and our ways lio together as far as the turn ing to Covernment House.". The two men stepped out into the fresh scented air of the early morning. There wero faint sounds of awakening birds and insects, and tho greyncss was so clear that the color of tho begonias, which festooned some of tho verandahs along the roadway, showed curiously brilliant. They exchanged a few commonplace remarks about thu scenery, the- vegetation, and tho beauty of the river. Then Lord Wavoryng halted suddenly, and turned on his companion de liberately, taking his cigar from his mouth. "I think 1 ought to toll you," lie said, " that I' never forget a fare, and that I re cognised you almost as soon as I heard your name this evening. I presume you have good reasons for not wishing to be identi- liod as Cap L:iill Jlol'ros Blake, of the "I have the best reasons that man can have," said Blake. " Lord Wavoryng,- I'll be as frank with you as you aro with mo, and you know my reasons almost us well us I do." " It's 12 years ago," said lord Wavoryng, " and things havo changed a good deal since then. This Parliamentary movement has mado a difl'ereneo. X don't suppose the authorities would want to rako up that busi ness. Tho reason why I tackled you at once is thatT don't know whether you know that Lord Coola's two boys died of diphtheria last year, "and that you stand next in succession to Coo la." " No," said Blake, startled. "I did not know it, and am truly sorry." " It is worth your thinking about," said Lord Wavoryng. "I thought I had better tell you." Blake was silent for a few. moments. At last ho spoke. " Thero were four lives be- tweon me and Coola whon— when I loft Ire land, and thero seemed a probability of several more. It was not to be supposed that my brother would not marry again after Lady Coola's death ; and who could lmvo dreamed that my brother William would have been carried oil' so young— and now these boys I Poor chap3l It is like fatality." " Yes," assented Lord Waveryng, "seems like a fatality, don't it '! Anyhow, you may be the next Lord Coola." " Coola will marry again now," said Blake, decidedly. " He is bound to do it." "I don't think he will," said Lord Waveryng. " Ho bcliovcs in his lirst wifo's ghost. Irs a kind of mania. YouBlakcs aro all a littlo queer, you know." " Yes, I know very well," answered Morrcs Blake, bitterly. " It's in tho blood. That qiteerness is responsible for a good deal." . Lord Wavoryng looked at him keonly. " You arc sane enough," he said. " Am 1 1 " cried Blake, passionately. "I'm mad. I tell you — mad— mad." "You wero mad when you threw your chances away, and went in for that Fenian business : but it was the ubcrrution of youth. 'They toll me that you make a good colonial politician. Curious, isn't it, when one comes to think of it, that you should bo Colonial Secretary of Leiehardt's Land ' Blako laughed strangely. Again there was silence. Tho men walked on, pulling their cigars. They had reached tho place whore the street divided into two, one leading to the ferry, the other past tho Houses of Parliament to tlie great gates of Government House. Hero they paused. " Lord Waveryng," Blako said, impul sively, "I trust you." "1 never Injtraycd confidence in my life," said tho other — "at least, I hope not will ingly. If you wish to bo thought dead, why, as far as I am concerned, you are dead. But I think you make a mistake in not facing the music." 'They shook hands and parted. But Blake did not go straight to Formoy's. Careless of what might be thought of him, he walked on through the paddock in which Riverside Cottage stood. He looked wist fully at tho little closed up house uud at tlie verandah in which was Elsie's chair, and where her work-basket still lay on the rough tabic, lie was only driven away by tho sight of Paler the Kanaka, up betimes to gallicr roscllas for thu shop on tho Point, which bought such garden stull" as tlio widow had to dispose of. Hu slipped down among (he luutacrna shrubs that grew close to the garden fence, and made his way hack by a circuitous, hul less public track, along the river bank to Formoy's. During the days that followed tho club ball, Elsio Valliant's mental and moral con dition might have been exprosscd in the plaint of Mariana, though, to be suro, the outward circumstances of her life were very different from thoso of tlio lady of the Mouted Grange. Life at Leiehardt's Town was at high pressure. Life at Riverside Cottage was at high pressure, too. The verandah receptions wore more brilliant and more sought after than ever, nnd gained tidal from the presence of the Waveryugs and an admixture of the Government House set ; not certainly in the person of Sir Thcophilus and Lady Stukeley, but iu tho shape of tho aide de-camp and private secretary, and of the moro or less distinguished strangers who frequented Government House at this time. Thero was always some bustle of coming and Soing, of flirtation, or of making ready for irtation. But still Blako came not. 'They met often, and yet not so olton as would havo been the case a month before. It seemed to Fflsio that Blake avoided all the informal parties which onco, for the sako of a waltz or talk with her, he liqd welcomed so eagerly. And at the more ceremonious func tions tliorc was an excuse forthe formal nature of their intercourse. Naturally ut the public balls and at the Government House At Homos it was not to be supposed that tho Colonial Secretary could devote himself exclusively to one pretty girl. Blake paid attention to a low of tho Leiehardt's Town young ladies, and to Elsie there was in this fact a faint consolation. At any rate she could not feel jealous of Mrs. Torbolton, or of tho wifo oi the Ministor for Works, or even of Lady Waveryng, who declared herself charmed with Blako, and mado him into a sort of cicerone. But in truth the girl's own being was torn in tatters. Wounded pride, love, the sense of humiliation, and insult, made hor days au anguish and her nights a terror. And yet she laughed all the time, and she flirted with everybody, and made herself into a very scorn of Leiehardt's Town matrons by reason of her unblushing levity. J ust at this time one of the younger of tho Royal Princes, who was making a tour of the colonies, paid a long-expected week's visit to Leiehardt's 'Town, aud tlie occasion was one of wild excitement, and of enthusiastic de monstration of Antipodean loyalty.. Elsie had tho satisfaction of seeing Blako, in 'oilieial capacity, taking purt in the various pageants, as one of tho committee of reception ; and in spite of her misery and lier anger against him, she felt a savage priilo in the manner in which ho acquitted himself. She was- at the great ceremony of the landing, and at the Mayor's ball, at the School of Arts, iu the evening. She was also at the races, at which one or two of the horses which had exploited at ,'Tunimba rail, with loss credit to them selves and their owners; she was at the picnic in tho Government steamer, in which tho Prince was shown the bay and the islands; and ut all thu functions for which If rank Halletl's efforts and tho reflected gloi'y of tlie Wavcryngs secured her a place. It was all very brilliant, aud sho had her fill of admiration. 'The Prince was greatly taken by her beauty, and danced with her so often as to fill lus guardians will) a half amused alarm. Perhaps this was why Lord Astar, one of the Prince's suite, made violent love to Elsie, and short of absolutely propos ing marriage, did everything which could be expected from a suitor for her hand. Lord Astar found tho verandah receptions very much to his taste, and on the days when lie was oil' duty during the -.latter part of the Prince's visit, might usually be seen seated at E sje's feot, with his legs dangling over the edge of tho riverside verandah in the most approved colonial fashion, or clso lounging on tho steps that led to tho boat- house, another favorite scene for Elsie's llirlations. 'The Prince would have liked to take part also in Elsie's verandah receptions, but on this point the Stukeleys aud tho noble Admiral who had him iu charge wore inexorable. Lord Astar was amusing, and clever, and fascinating, and ho was very much a man of the world. Elsio had never met anyone of his typo, though since tho arrival of tlio Wuveryngs her experience of tho English aristocracy had extended somewhat bcvoiul her brother in law. It struck her that Lord Astar's tviio was most nearly approached by Morrcs Blaku in his lighter moods. Cer tainly nothing more widely removed from the type could bo conceived than Frank Ilallctt. It may have boon with some wild idea of making Blake jealous that Elsio flirted so desperately witlr Lord Astar. All Leieh ardt's Town — that is the portion of it which constituted society — remarked her behavior on tlio day of tlie races,- They wore in tho grand stand. Inn and her husband in that portion which was railed oil for the Govern ment House party and the higher officials, but Eisie with the Prydcs in a less exalted position. She was looking lovely in a grey dress with soft laco at the neck inula be witching bonnet made out of the breast of an Australian bird. Lord Astar admired her dress, and Elsie told liiin that ho had sat up all night to finish it. Sho also informed him that tho bonnet, or at least the bird which composed it, had been a present from King Tommy, of Yoolaman. " And so tho Princo is not your only royal admirer," said Lord Astar. " Aro lower mortals privileged to lay tributes of loyalty at your feet As he spoke, Elsie became suddenly aware that Blake was passing along tlie gangway behind her chair. She felt that he stopped — knew instinctively that he had heard Lord Astar's speech, and was waiting for her reply. A demon of rceklossncss seized her, she looked coquettishly up at Lord Astar, and answered very distinctly, " Certainly ; tributes are always welcome." " Miss Vallianl," — Blake's incisivo tones seemed to cut tho air — " Lady Horaco lias gone down to the saddling paddock, end she asked me to bring you to her." Elsie started. Blake moved a chair beside her. " You will come His eyes wore full upon her. .She rose obediently ; it would have been impossible for her to disobey tho mandate of those eyes. Lord Aslar bowed and made way for her. " I shall not forget," he said, very low. Blake piloted her down t.he stairs of the grandstand. When they stood on the lawn lie turned and said ileliborately, "Lady Horace is not in tho saddling-paddock. I don't know in the least where she is, and she did not send me for you. 1 brought you hero to tell you that you must not accept presents from Lord Astar." "Surely," said Elsio, bitterly, " that can be of very little consequence to you." " No, it is not of consequence to mo," ho answered, "but it is of consequence to your self. I know Lord Astar. 1 know the sort of reputation ho has in regard to women. You compromise your reputation by allow ing him to pay you the attentions which havo been making you so conspicuous these last few days. Please tako my word for this. He is a more dangerous opponent in the game which wo have been playing than I have been. Don't play that game with him ; the consequences may be disagreeable." "In what way?" "In this — Astar is quite capable of insult ing a woman who places herself in a false position." " And yon," she cried, passionately, " have you not shown yourself capable of insulting a woman who was fool enough to place her self at your mercy ?" lie turned very pale. An impetuous answer rose to his lips. Ho uttered one vehement word and checked himself. "I beg your pardon," lie said. "I have nothing elso to say. I have no justification for tho impulse thai- made inc tuko you in my arms that night. I can only ask you to believe that there has never been in my mind a disrespectful thought of you. And then " he paused una went on in a different tone, " the situation was understood between us. It had been a challenge. There had been an open light, and I had suffered severely enough to make 1110 feel a savage wish to show you that you were beaten." (To lie continued. ) 