"Wesleyan Coiifelrencë. J AT, the owning o o season on Tuesday the retiring President said,: Gpd'a.wprk- mis, beef granted iii.v'ery iuany,pf qur circuits that tty inórense in, members js'jjreutt'r (being .1815 ic the. colonies mid'744 ir» thej riiissioris-¡-2550 Ir all) tlian.'iri' any'xeár.since the' New South Wides aiiil' Queensland. ,'Çôuforoiice ' wat foriiicnh . It m'ay be'(eagerly asked, what hiis led .to'thia?,''I answer,'ho,'chan|je. iii bur creed to iiiiike Christianity, something differ- ent froniVthe^CJ'iristianityyöf /Jesus- Christ himself.. .' Ko lowering thq moral standard to make a religionslife leas spi ri timi and devout than the, supreme' will'of Clod ehaoLs^ No sub- stitution of u liier« foriii or cureinoriial obser- vance to5 pi'ake nil ./esthetic' service'iii;'God's house' Hu niiiiiHuiiieut hither than, ii sojul-sifli- ing', iind.èoùl-stirring. ihú'iiis of salvation. ,' '.If hits coiiië'ivhoùt î^niis'wéptbVpiráyerliiid thy spirit of the living God employiugthe giving Word. ,."-,. . ;. )'.',' ''- ? :'.'.,, ?'??¡I'.;"'' 'Tri' 'inany '.churches iir'thts' land .'a ' great source bf Joy: has'been '"the iiúpierbúa conve^ slbns of children «nd young 'persons in our Sunday schools. .¡Tho wbbk:of Sunday schbql teacher^ arid officers has'bepn ctówried hy.lin nhumlant'blessingf^m'.ÇSod^' ' The workac, "cbinpllshédhy thisdcvote.d class in the'Church is of 'the"utmosf value, for that' work^tells directly'bri the future of the'Church'; tho godr lineas in the hume, and tho . purity/ . ¡üid moral toni*of the rianon.,"'If we .are looking td our young pobple'to becbine'rioblè'nïéh'iirid woriienih 'future ytfars,' iidbmiiig.'the/fiiriiily name' 'with 'honour!'and the ChurchSvith.'a vigorous bud full orbed, religion.' Svo ara look- ing ' tb ' the.superintendents,' the/officers,' 'and the teachers in om- Sühdríy schools in a large moiistirb to accomplish/this'.'.'. If1 pi'ú;ónts'nhd the,?/ elder -meinbelts' ' bf, families '' could,' be brought tb ' see'the; uhportiittce' of ' fbllbwing .up this work by's^hipathy aiid' co-operation: in conserving what lins been done ahd'in'Rid- ing to secure yet'morn'glorlpus results,* there is iib'.'telling" how/; extensive rand ' how*1 per1 miihcntthis revival of Gbd's'^vbrk would-bo; ?'. It' is, ,u'n(iuestii)hably-',"a 'éi¿n!'of''the" tillie's : that: the ' ChurchL-s 'are' ' taking: aJ deeper1 in- terest lu each, other's.' ^welfare.1 '?' ."Vv/e,' us'-' ai body'of Christians; 'réjoico: iii ,'thó 'prosperity of all the Churches, believing there is-room enough tb'work for Christ .-without^quarrell- ing, and varieties of human character lost in sin for iis to deal with while we. toil side' by side without jealousies,' lind calls !enough to. make all triio souls 'forgetfiirof peculiarities . ' ." and old-world- animosities,.and, ns indicated ' .'?' hy tho Council of the Churches which meets "in this.city,,«eek only,the public good, .-???}' ' THE CHURCH'S DUTY!TO THR WORLD. £ il 1 There1 is no subject' which, af the preseilt moment requires moré; service and1 pntibiit consideration, than ; thp. '.-'duty which ' the Church owes'. to the/,'worlds 'This 'ditty is based as much upon,: the' very nature bf Christianity as upon ,tho plain ' commands of its Divine Founder. , Jesus - of . Nazareth went abbub doing good," and -this'.bein'g the aim and motive ofyj- Ils lifp¿ . wp', miiy ration- ally expect thiit tliQi'whole system of Chris . tianity breathes the same .spirit, and exists .for tho samo noble end. 1 'He who foi-gets tho poor, who Iqbks ' on ; human ' wrong/with indifference, who does not "sympathise with . his fellow niiin' in' his,struggle against 'com- mon' eviK' is not a true disciple ortho Son 'of God. '.' . '.'Iclaiinfor Christianity a- unique place in'tho world.- If all men wore real Christians, and swayed-hy'Christian prin- ciples,'there would be no need of strikes, and in this land of plenty there'should be no poverty, or eascs-of-poverty should he rare. It-is the ]>lace and funetion-óf Christianity to stop a national waste of- nearly five millions sterling in the traffic of strong drink; .<.: .> ¡ i What is most needed in our day is a more vigorous and faithful: application "of . Christi- anity to the wants of man: We do not want a new system, for we do not see thc-need while our cucmiei are borrowing so much from us, huta stronger faith in that which hits proved itself., divine. .The Church of Christ fails iii her mission if she docs not touch and improve tho every interest of man. It is very gratifying to see how thisis'being attempted. Sometimes accusations ure raised against the Church - against ' Christianity itself. You hear it, said. tho Churches aro nob doing enough for the poor. There is too much time spent in praying mid preaching instead of providing homes and bread for the homeless and the hungry. "'Again! it is said your preachers don't tell wealthy men often enough to empty their pockets , lind supply pressing needs. 1 I very much fear that some who say this with' loiul voice in the open ii ir, are not always in the churches to listen to what preachers really do say. Ibog to inform these accusers thiit preachers of the Gospel in all churches do tell'rich men and rich women to ho generous and-charitable; As to/my certain knowledge 'tho most, charitable- are muong those who'possess wealth. : And the men that uro at the head of the most useful and benevolent institutions in this colony aro Christian men. ' .'' , , THE LEAKAOE, ' ' '. ' : ; But in all honesty many of,' the/working men in this colony,must, be taught to. take caro of their money better, than .they ? do. ."Until the excessive'drain'upon tho .people of .this hind in.ruinous luxuries, and in waste in gambling arid drink.' bringing' in their train untold and indescribable evils,'. is'stopped; there' cannot' ho 'the, prosperity .which we are labouring to, promote. I venture'to'affirm that these things are, neutralising the bene- ficial teaching' and effects '/cf. Christianity every day to an^xtent which ho'humnn being can calculate.' I' liave been" in this colony nearly 30 yeai-s in thu position of a Wesleyan miuister, and I have moved amongst various . classes of society ¡and I know the. truth of what I am. saying when; I., affirm that, very inany, wliou, they, had money would not take .care of it, and when they hud the opportunity of making provision for the day of need, did not conduct themselves as they should have done. . . It should,be remembered that some social reformera aro resting; upon and proclaiming a dangerous fallacy. They,speak sis if the .wealth in this colony were possessed by persons within the pale; of the Churches. The truth ls there is an immense amount of ' nvealth :quite outside. of the. Churches,, and over which ? tho .-.churches , have no-, con- trol. , There is . wealth in the Churches no doubt,.hut not; to mich ¡an extent,as. some imagine.' ,. , '..-[/,,., _ . THE CONDITION" . AND . PK08PECTS Oï" CURIS : ,i; ;, ,i. -.TIANITY. .i- -.i,''!' It cannot he disputed for. a moment:that : the present time is full 'of dangers and-perils to that glorious system of religion which has : brought in ita train so niany personal domes- tic, and national blessings.. The dangers are not for tho result of tlie prevalenco of truth ; ' but they are themanifestations bf lawlessness and impiety.' Scienco has' nbb-shaken the ? ioundiitions ;of- Ohrisbianity,..but' by» test- ing them ' lias caused has - caused us. more restfully to rely upon them. What Christians ' fear is not scientific research, but the yielding 1 to depraved 'appetites and . passions, which lead to n practical denial bf the faith.' . True religion hails tho manifestation and practical \- power of truth-all truths in all. domains of . huranii knowledge ; bub when alongside : ot this inen are setting conscience at defiance, perverting truth and misrepresenting human nature, then there is reason to'fear, not that Christianity will i be¡ destroyed, but that, the unwary will be led astray.-: . Never was there un age in which truth had a greater number of . channels, and a greater variety, too, by which : to be conveyed : but men for the sake of gain .i .are using them to tho, in jury of men's souls . and -bodies ' and temporal. i circumstances. ;.. jVIany anxious Christians are asking the ques ? tion-How stands .Christianity.to day ? ; For several years past, and ; even in the year just \- closing,- tho .-searching- eifects-of-critical investigation aro causing the friends of tho. Bible to ask this question. Is evolution going to destroy the foundation of all religion By destroying the belief in, a pei'sonal God ? Are tho scientific investigators into nature, its laws and forms, going tb push , back .Pro- vidence till Christians are. compelled, either so to chango their thought of divine caro and superintendence, br to deny.it.altogether?, Are the examiners into the contentsof the books of tho Old and New Te'stements going to shatter our faith in the Divine origin of tho. book ? Theso aro serious questions,; ond de- mand ( . , OUR ANSVT3R.;, ... _ ,".' ,: ' -, ? And wo aro ready with an. awswer.. Evol ? ution has. not. explained, away the Being, of God, hut simply, gives another explanation . of his method, of creation, and tho continu unco of His work», íifeiínd ordçr anti beaut arid conscience in man; and ends' and design innature,* together'^ with unqileRtionnbl previilence of goodness and -wisdom - everj wheres .will not allow intelligent and unpn judiced man to disturb the corner stone c your"faith and deny Gixl. Let these seal cher» into'nature know Christ, arid thou i the face Of their sinless' Redeemer they wi] -know God:' The examination of the content of God's, word may change our definition u .Inspiration, and it is remarkable that . definition iniiy. not'.fa imposed by the Cathe lie-the universal Çhuren" of nfl.. But thu definition will nob change our doctrine, tba .tho book-wonderful for ith antiquity-stand natural in its doctrinal and ethical teaching .and'ijalways soul; elevating . when men wil corúply' .witli. ¡ts directions, will remain n the' Word of'God.. Do yon think that thi :'rtlot'nbél bf ihfcrpretirig the first' chapter o the Book of Genesis will destroy man's con fUlence in Christianity? Never. When i 'new^'interpretation* was adopted' Uv - Dr Chalmers; LV. Buckland and Hugh .Miller .some bogan to fear. But Chalmers hail mon .confidence. in his Bible than he,had. in, thi "theories bf scientific men. While these ¡ilea: "Were1 distributed freely amongst: multitude: .of Christians, Christianitywasnotabaridöneä Seo how wonderfully) great .truths were, har niou jsed by this learned iuterpreter^pf nature who still, remained, as did .millions more, ir loyal attachment to tho Bible;'. So lorig'ns,w< have'-'ii living' Christianity, ii' höly"seed,' r fresh' baptism of the^Holy Ghost on éverj frosh convert to the'ChristiHiiffnitb,:there it .no danger;of tho extinction, ofiChrlstiauity, .i'Tftcrej.wns.'f, says, Dr. Smith, of, America, à striking'device1 among tho Huguenots, 1 think'.' répretíehtingí nieri'with ha miners strik- ing" upon nn anvil.' ' Other men tare sraniliitf; hy. wi th; fresh banimora, to take- thc place ol those, tbufc were broken. 'Pound .away,,yt .rebels;',, ivtis their motto,, ." vour hamiueni break'; the anvil of God's wórk'stntids;'?', '§0 long ns Christianity supplies thb 'needs'ot niän7wnieh Infidelity in'any;rind"nll Its forms never cap.fiinil so, long ;as^ prnutiqal; Christi- anity toiiclies'arid blesses men'iti all relations of' lifo; men will,'he.too wino ito allow it tn pass a way;';.The bes.t> treasure .which God has .bestowed wise and honest anil grateful 'men will keep on earth as long as they can, .j:.' i,r^. >.. ! MAXY- ArjT\\*HB0ÁRlE8¡í .: 'i'! . .There is rio doubt'the Christian'Churches in thèse lands; (ire'grèiftly.hiridereil irr their work. 'We are bound in all faithfulness to say that when ii 'trh'risgrèssibn of God's law is.flagrantly.;indulged in"hy men1 in' Parlia- mentary 'power, and -by those under Pariia mènt'wlio ou'çht'tO '/acb' differently, moral and'Spiritual injury innst' ensue;"Tho new line or railway leading on to the Blue Moun- tains was opened ort Sunday; causing, says ono. of tho daily newspapers, much work. . Is this right ? "Is this ensuring for our working men' their eloy of rest? In the nnme'of the Wesleynri'Methodist Chnrch I' lift lip my voice against such ; violations 'of the plain commands of God's Holy Law. Tho men employed ' on the railway btv that day ought to hilve: had tho'opportunity of attending 'their''respective places' of 'worship.''. The Governritent of this colony ought to stop the publication of obseenbjprints;' arid severely punishnien who issiie Weekly papers,' tho 'naitte of-which'ono .'does not caro even to 'mention.'' Tho Government ought 'also- to put a stop to tho ontrageous gainbling prac- tices'carried on in tho very streets'of this city. There should ' also he at once the com- plete suppression of those brutal scene's-in one of which, before a policeman's oyesen, miin was beaten to 'death only a few'weeks since-I inean the degrading contest called, with"' unutterable^ hypocrisy,'' the noble art : of ' self-defence ' in!' which everything that is ignoble and .dishonourable to man is culled forth. ' ."','!.??'? . ;? <? ?.<.,'.... ?'. There,was a timo when the Churches'genius, loaming, lind strength werb used in contend ihg'with'each other ; now the' churches 'aro getting nearer and nearer together, iind be- coming more united ; 'ariel,'loving each other moro; ' are resol veil, to war a 'persistent war against, air these" common enemies. Tho invitation to join tho Presbyterian General Assembly during the sessions of last confer- encie in a' season of mutual-prayer in Dr. Steel's Church; was acceded to with character- istic readiness. ' Anti: that season of prayer will not soon be forgotten. That event told on the world. " ? i . .. : '...'. HOW TO'BEACH THE MASSES. No subject deserves' iv'moro''careful and serious'consideration' ,th'ari this; : How can the .Church, of, .Teslus' Christ' most effectu- ally roach the massés, and in all respects iip 'lift liind" iihprové 'thèhi ? There', is" sonio dlinger, lest the Christian should bo misled hy current opinions mid popular' demands, which , have lio authority , in them to . a Christian, man whoso'only authority, is the suiirmiiè. will of God.] The ' priiii'ary end of the Churches' existence is to save men; To bring riieri up ont of selfishness and sin into pnrity anil 'personal blessedness,1 mid when .this is accomplished all else will follow. When men are Christianised,1 their '.Chris- tianity will touch politics and social questions, and put them 'right.' Tho greater conipre 'lionels the' less. Secularist tonchors and secularist teaching, says : find ; homes for homeless lind food for hungry, and alter laws arid break down tho ' barriers in society; anti make'rt éUst-riiiution]'of goods; and'teiieh rich irien itricl women' to: shat'o their wealth with 'the poor.' I rim hore to. tell: these secularist teachers '.that this 'is beirip' dbno, iii "some measure every'tliiy, 'and it is being done by the systom.wn'ich they too inuchiindcrvaluo. The great philanthropic, riiove'iribiits in this lanel' aro : Christiaii and not" Atheistic. Christianity, thank ; God,'' is touching the m asses, i i 11 " ' ? 'tn ^ " The great heed'iii regard to Christianity itself is a Baptism of the, Holy Ghost oh all the churches, arid particularly on all who teach,'and preach tho,word of life.;;Then when the Baptism is granted-more copious than thu Church in'general has ever realised -all who are filled with the Spirit must walk in tho Spirit, arid comply'.with tho conditions of retaining tho Spirit, or He will be grieved. The Holy. Spirit will not go, witli men to .theatres lind ballrooms, He will not abide "with, men who .visit gambling saloons,and indulge in bettitigiuid horse-racing.', He will not'^'cilium, with imen. whb'build; up "their businesses by fraud arid, unrighteous specula- tion. He cannot bó'expécted .to Ml à church with His glory-when.tho'so .who "attend rire inen and woinen of the world., (, ' . .. 'OUR CHURCH SERVICES must bo as ; fresh and attractive, and ¡ full .of human, syniyuthy, tis we can,.mako thom. . Our, church economy. must ¡ bo ¡ adapted ,to meet all,the needs of the age.. Where..them' , is carelessness and coldness there must be diligence and ¡seal, v lf thojGospel is preached with the accompanying expressions' of good-, will to men, men willilisten,and yield, and i behaved.-. ..The great need .of, the. age is uri-' Suestionably .tho pure religion of our, lord esus Christ. . Let those who find fault with' this religion provide something better before thoy .attempt any further to::destroy: that which is our hope and our; refuge. , if any, ¡man can invent it purer system,of doctrine, or,a grander system of moral lawsithan we find in the sacred volume,, let: it, be done. Until that is done, let us have .more faith in. that which our fathers, believed in,and were : saved i by. i. This system, ;has. won ; us, our liberties, prepared for us our national and free, means i of education, assured our right- eous iidministrationof laws, opened sources of scientific research, lifted, women, to her pre- sent ' honoured 'position; 'mado om statute books precious, because of statutes, in them guarding tho sacredness, of¡ young, women lind little children. ¡Religion has spread its benign- influence, everywhere. .Wo want more of it; then its.fruits will abound. If men will go to Church on the .Lord's Day, if they will seek to bear each. other's burdens, if:they will exalt Christianity, Christianity will exalt tho nation. ..,.,,.' , PABIBHUOAD NOTD71CATION8.'-The devia- tions in ronds within portions 20 and 8, parish Bexhill, are confirmed. The: following are declared roads for traffic : Parts of road from Bellingen to Grafton, between the west boun- dary of H. Bieck's 40a. and 'the west bound arytof.the.same owner's.41a., piirish Moonee ; Deviation in Casino-Gundurimba road, at Bugden'8 Hill. Land has been resumed for part of road from Kempsey to Grafton, in J. J. Wiley's OOa:. parish Newry. , V. ;: : " Good gracious, said tho,,hen when she discovered a porcelain egg'on the nest, shall he a'bricklayer Hext.'';.'j \y.? ., J ??<!-,?> ; -i 