? feOF FRIGHT. 5 If N atures Enchanting- Wonder Isle. \ Weird and Entrancing Romance, CHAPTER VII.—CONTINUED. BY A TEA WESTS V BY, " My sonas are anything but sentimental," says lie, apologetically, and at the same time thrumming a lively air. Oh, I should like to go "Where the golden apples grow ; Where, below another sky Par.rot islands anchored lie. Where in sunshine reaching out, Eastern cities miles about, Are, with mosque and minaret, Among glorious gardens set. 0?i, I should like to ride Tlirou' the Simoon fiery tide ; Where the apes and coooa-nuts, And the negro hunter's huts ; Where the knotty crocodile Lies and blinks in the Nile ; Where in jungles near and fg,r i Man-devouring tigers are." Applause and laughter, together with many regrets that the eallant singer cannot have his wish (as set forth in his song) gratified. _ When the noise has subsided the soldier asks Miss Weldon to sing. Grace looks shyly towards the spot where Fenton Howe and his friend are seated, and moves quietly to the piano. " I'm afraid I shall bore, you with my •entiment, Mr West." "Not at all," he says, laughing. Grace selects her song, and smga it well in her rich mezzo-soprano. " When the flowers are all dying, And the south wind sweet and low, Bound their graves a dirge is sighing, Will it not be sweet to know That, while autumn clouds are looming, And the summer charms depart, There are brighter flowers blooming •lu the garden of the heart/' " When the breath of evening .lingers* And the sun's rays softly steal Through' the vine with rosy fingers, Will it not be joy to feel That, while we iri wakeful dreaming Mark the golden moments roll, There's a brighter morning beaming Through the twilight of the soul." Not a breath of noisy applause followed the girl's song. The charm was too strong upon her listeners lor that. Amid the silence Madam Elsie came forward to the rescue ot her neice. With a »oft toucii upon the instrument, she sang a reverie by one of New Zealand's famous song writers,-— " Star by star has slowly faded overhead, . The. flashing light-marked bars of gold and red A moment linger. The fair young day Wakes o'er the tinted ranges. Far away Echoes the laughter of the jay, A weird, but lovely hour. The glowing mora Grows shifter than my thought. The dawn For dreams and castle-building in the " -"V air, v With fair and roseate shadows everywhere— A scene to shut out care. The churchyard yonder, with its silent dead— Dust unto dust—holds all I worshipped. Melhinks 1 hear a small voice cry— " We shall have fairer meeting, you and I, In Christ'b glad, immortality." The soinbre trees which round drowse and moan Repeat in whispers, '' Thou art not alone." Thy kindred spirit says, " There is no death, Save to the doubter. Love and faith Stand here and answereth." " We are going to drift into the melancholy stage, 1 do believe," whispers Howe to Vane, and the next moment he is at the piano, thrumming out a "very lively prelude to a song he calls "Brown Eyes." ** Just the old, old story Of light and shade; Love like the violet tender, Like it may be to vary, May be to fade. Just the old tender story, Just a glimpse of morning glory, In an earthly paradise, With shadowy reflections In a pair of. sweet brown eyes. Brown eyes a man might well Be proud to win ! Open to hold his image, Shut nnder silken lashes, Only to slrut Mm in. Ob, glad eyes look together, For life's dark stormy weather Grows to a fairer thin^, When young eyes look'upon it . Through a tiny wedding ring. They stood above the world In a world apart, And she drooped her happy eyes ; And stilled the throbbing pulses Of her happy heart. And the moonlight fell above her. Her secret to discover; And the moonbeams kissed her hair As though nq human lover Had laid kisses there. * c Look up, brown eyes," he said, And auswer mine ; Lift up those silken fringes That hide a happy light Almost divine." The jealous moonlight drifted To the finger half uplifted, Where shone the opal ring— Where the colorsdanced and shifted On the pretty changeful thing. " Bravo, young fellow," cries the major, applauding with both hands, an thereby singeing his beard "with the fire from the cigar he is smoking, " I had no idea you were musical/' Fenton. laughs. "I fancy we are not tviBe judges ot each other," he says "Now, I have ?m idea that.our worthy and respected host could beat my humble effort if he would kindly try." Applause, and.loud calls for the major. "God bless my soiiM" ejaculates the master, of PinsfaUs, growing suddenly apopleetical. " What d*ye mean, sir ? Why, it is over twenty years since I last tried ray baud at 9 song, and that was the 1 1 ' fit beFore Inkpimniann, when a few ' ours' were dining with General Cathut. Colonel Tom Sutton gave ine his unfi<lt-!i:ial opinion on my vocal effort— e s:iid that luy voice reminded him of .a saw grating 011 a nail." "There is one song you Used to sing, pa saya Gracc. " You know I have accompanied you many a time, when you and I have been shut up together in that great wintry house at Hawthorn." Eli! yes, certainly," reflects the msijor. u But, my dear, the ditty is only tit for children, or—or an officer's messroom." The guests will not take a refusal, and the host is led captive to the piano, where Grace takes her seat, and begins a lively but pretty prelude. Gentlemen, the song has what my friend, Tom Sutton wouid term, a rati ling chorus," ngain 533-3 the major, clearing his throat for action. "Capital ! so much the better," cry the others. " Trust the lad, though now rebelling ; Do not fear. Turn him not from this our dwelling, Father dear ! Bear with him a little longer In his sin. Love will make his poor heart stronger- Take him in. Chorus— Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear. He may better grow, and stronger, Father dear. Scarcely twenty years have brightened And grown sere, Since a babe our hearts ho lightened, Father dear. How we loved our little brother; Ah ! thought we, Not in all the world another Such as he. "Chorus, boys." And it is a ringing, harmonious refrain, and so simple that the poorest musician may join in its full compass. On one stifling hot December, Oh. how drear! Mother left us all, remember, Father dear. And before she entered, smiling Into joy. "Love,"she said, with voice beguiling " Love my boy.'' Chorus— Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear; He may better grow, and stronger, Father dear. CHAPTER VIII. A PEEP INTO TEMPLE ASHFORD S DIAHV. I find I only began to live at twenty. I, Tt-mple Ashford, only son of Sir George. Ashford, Major Ge'^ral, K.C.B., of Glencourt, awaken up to the fact that hitherto, viz., from iny infancy to the' age of one score years 1 had existed only, lie) more. In this, my chronicle, with its faded ink and its yellow pages, will be found the events which roused me into lif<?. Ah, me 1 what shadows haunt us till we have found the power and the way to imprison them. Eeep a diary, and lo ! every thought, every haunting memory of the past, rising as sheeted ghosts to terrify and drive us to despair, ire chained, bound fast. We take them from our hearts, and lay them to sleep within a frail sheet of paper, else will they worry us to our doom. When-did I her; in to live ? Oue sunny ! day, after I had returned to Glencourt from England, where for five years Oxford had claimed me as its pupil, Horace, Platus, Moliere, Le Sage, Voltaire, Cervantes, Shakespeare, Fielding, and Swift gave me no more kuowledge of the world than book lore gives to the impulsive student who finds life but to live, and enjoyment the chief aim of life. Ttyere are men who say. they know the world, because they know its vices. Admit this claim, and what sage would rival a smart policeman ? I had the lore of the sages, but I was utterly ignorant of that great book, mankind. Light-hearted, happy, and without a care, 1 took men and women for what tjiey seemed. Goethe, with all his strange, weird-like power, presented only the beautiful to my inward vision. Milton, with his ponderous and mighty genius, sang to me only of light and strength. His great creation, the Prince of Darkness himself, was not, to my mind, the miserable cartoon of the vulgar, but rather majesty humbled by pride—good perverted. A man will never become a scholar of the world without the one thing needful —-observation. You may enrich your mind and store your brain with all the craft of Alma Mater, yet your learning is as so much fuel/wanting the appliance of the match to fire it into life and activity. It mostly happens that experience is the forerunner of observation. Deceit bring in its train suspicion ; suspicion, observation. This is my iiroces verbal a }}iaxi»iis ad minima." After weary years of watching and waiting I began to write these things down. Not that I have any connecting link from day to day, or month to month, of circumstauce or event as it took place, but because the only way that presented itself tj me of allaying memories that were almost unbearable was to jot them here in black and white. .Sunny the morn, and beautiful the landscape, decked in its morning robe of green and grey and russet brown as I took my way across the bracing uplands of Westland. Beneath me pranced and eapered Haunibal, my father's favorite hunter, who, pulling strong in his fiery pride, carried me along like a bird on the wing. Casting my eyes away over the plain I saw a lady on horseback, dashing away at a headlong gallop towards the rocks and chasms, and the deep ravines wiiich border I/ate Whipera. It needed no second glance to convince me that the steed—a powerful thoroughbred—hadjthe mastery, and was carrying its fair burden to swift ani certain destruc'ioiu I sav the reins were brokeu, but the rider sat ihe flying horse coolly and gracefully, her only grip being a piece of the ungovernable brute's mane, held firmly in her gloved hand. Iu an instant the situation was revealed to me. The nest saw roe pressing Hannibal to his swiftest pace '.o intercept the runaway. There wa<5 abvufc an equal distance between the nearest point of the lake and where the race began—the thoroughbred heading with a straight rush for the water—I, taking a cross course to cut him off from the dangerous point. It seemed to me that death, certain and bloody, awaited the lady if I did not gain the risirg ground first. With knee and voice I urged the gallant hunter, who, seeming to comprehend what was at stake, bounded along like a stag, flinging the white foam from his nostrils, and snorting in reply. I cannot tell how I joined issue with the frightened steed. Barely fifty i>aces from the summit of the steep jagged clilf I seized the loose hanging rein, and twisting it round my hand, suddenly wheeied the runaway round the way lie came. The wrench and strriiu upou my wrist | pains me yet, and will nain me while I ! live. The maddened brute pulled me out of the saddle. but I hold on to him and brought hiiii up, his chest and flanks quivering arid covered with sweat, and blood. In a moment the fair rider leapt to the ground. Looking at her I saw a, face of rare and exceeding loveliness, which smiled upon me, while her soft white hands touched mine that were aciiingand throbbing with pain. A brunette of the Moorish type, with a dash of the wild Bohemian, the fnce brilliant, the red lips a trifle too full and too sensual, but altogether a matchless, superb girl, just budding into womanhood. " Sir, how brave J T OU have been ; you have saved my life, and at the risk of your own. What cau I s:iy to you ? How can I thaulc you V" The voice was low, and sweet, and rich,—a most excellent thing in woman. 4 4 I am already thanked," I said. 4 4 Is there any way iu which 1 cau have the honour to assist you ?" She laughed, and with an E istern grace replied, "mend my bridle, which naughty Tricks}' has brokeu, and kindly see me to llawksneBt." 4 4 Hawksnest ! Is that your home ?" 4 4 Yes. You can see its gables yonder by the lake. This morning I went forth for a gallop with my favorite here, but the brute turned restive and bolted." The runaway appeared quiet enough now. I saw by its poinls that it was a grandly bred mure, a chestnut iii color. 4 4 What a noble beast !" I said in admiration. 4 4 Yes," she replied, patting the naughty one's shining neck, " my brother gave three hundred guineas for Tricksy. From him I received her as a present." * * * * Hawksnest was a roomy villa in a wild part of the country, surrounded by a forest of kauri pines, smd lay about forty miles distant from Glencourt. Of its occupants I had never heard a word from my father, or my sister Hilda. It seemed all the more strange to me when my fair companion, who had not mentioned her name, led me to the house, and then introduced me to her father, Ratazki Bar- jew. For a Pole he could speak English remarkably well. He was an alien from his beloved Poland, he said. He had taken part with the people in some disturbances, and had to fly from his enemies. Barjew was tall and thin, with a. dark, "restless eye that never looked straight at you. I stayed and dined, and was introduced to Riah Barjew's brother Paul. He was only a youth, scarcely out of his teens, but as I afterwards discovered he had a profound knowledge of the world, which at time3 baffled calculation. There are men who do not. require experience in this art; they take to it intuitively. Their first step in life exhibits the same profound mastery over the minds of others, as at the close of a noble or ignoble career. From the first I did not like Paul Barjew. Something there was in him that repelled, and yet attached me to him. Perchance the secret of this lay in the subtle charm and fascination which his beautiful sister soon began to exercise over my every feeling, thought, and word. Looking back at these things through the vista of years, 1 am amazed at the maduess of my infatuation, for I know now it was not love. . I became a constant visitor at Hawksnest. Riah Barjew met me ever with a blush and a smile of welcome. Ah! her's was a mouth that surely smiled destruction ; her's was a fac: that was as a story whose Jeave3 are yet uncut. Out on the still lake, with the inoou overhead, and hosts of stars mirrored on its clear bosom. No Princess of the Tuileries, or of the Quartier B had more grace, or a more fatal gleam in those black lustrous eyes, with their dangerous drop of thick, curling lashes. Warm, tranquil night, and alone with Riah Barjew. 4 4 Ah, Monsieur." she pleads, softly, 4 4 how brave you were that morning to dare to stop a mad runaway horse, in full (light; it was marvellous. You saved my life. How shall I ever show half my gratitude ?" 4 4 Give me leave to love you, Riah." 4 4 Hush I These are graceful words, but you do not mean them, sir." "Call me Temple, lady. Ah! if I have but won the rich recompense which lies in the smallest title to your gratitude I am the happiest of men." She looked up at me with the iiglit of the moon on her calm, dispassionate face ; " men yearn for nothing but power, "__she answered, 4 4 Love with you means idle compliments aud flattery. With us youth and beauty are Grown and Sceptre, and we reign over the realm of love. You are old, and require nurses or crutches ere power becomes yours. We—we live only in our youths aud in our beauty, and we enjoy love in it. If I live long enough my hair will be white, and my skin yellow. Bah! let us not waste time in talking of that love which men profess." Oh, t-lje calm dreams in sileut uteris aud on wooded heights, with the echo of that silvery voice charming and luring- ine. Oh,the soft music beneath the giant kauri pines! Every lovely woman has a caprice, but Riah Barjew's every mood was without the rule that guides most women. 4 4 You like music," she says, softly. 4 4 Ah, ye% I can see it in your face. Englishmen are cold and prosy, but they have eloquent eyes sometimes.'' She sings, without effort, the familiar canzone ot Figaro, with a voice which the sweet throated tohos in the leaves above us might have envied. From Figaro to the sublima harmonies of the Stabat Mater, without prelude or apology, now wailing like the sigh of a vesper hymn at eventide, now bursting into passionate prayer, like, the swell of a Te Deum from the Cathedral altar. Out on the still night rose the matchless mu->ic of vyice, rich, clear, thrilling, and changing luddenly to one of Verdi's gayest arias, mingling Hut-kens' slumber song with some reckless Venetian barcarolle. " Your voice is exquisite, marvellous. Riah." She laughs softly. "They know hovfco teach music in Paris, sir." 4 4 You were not born in Paris, weti you ?" E • 4 4 No," she answers. 1 claim no higher lineage than a half blood M i->r; for my mother, and this dull, dark Island for my birthplace. But my father sent me to Francc ere I could lisp his name, aud there 1 remained until good Mada m- de Pentville couid leach me nothing nmre, either of music or the latest scandal m fashionable circles. Sitting here reminds nie of the old chateau at Dijon, where we had lessons for breakfast, i'or lunch, aud for dinner, with long practice by way of dessert. How I used to beat mowings against the barred windows, and long to escape o'er the purple mountains." No more dangerous siren in ancient fable than this, wiih the mocking li^ht <>: her gazelle eyes, ai.d the rosy, smiling lips. No more winching creature from the prices of CialWizzi, who dnzzled all men who looked x>n tiieni with the shine of their Ire-std d'oro, yet whose white jewelled hands shook the philtre into the loving cup. Let me moralize no more, or I shall £11 j the pages of my diary ere I have freed the, thoughts which rise betimes like accusing angels. \ In the abstract my sin lay in this. I; was the willing dupe of a consummate: scoundrel and his cenfederates, who used \ 11 , 1.- , 1 j-r 1 J a cold, calculating, ana beautiful decoy to abrupt, lure and me, perhaps that is a all. little The vague, details, may serve as a beacon to others who, like myself, are ignorant of the nuiooth gilded ways of wickedness. I had been acquainted but a short time with the exile, Barjew and his family, j when I began to play. How it came. about is a mystery, for in my heart I: hated gambling. Perhaps it was because j Riah Barjew was my partner at these times, that 1 began to look forward to the long winter evenings at the villa as a sort of Edin, wherein there was only Eve for me. Not, at this time, but long afterwards I knew Hiwksnest to be nothing more nor less than a gambling den, and its inmates the very worst type of socalled gentlemanly ruffians that prey on society. There was nothing unusual in the crowded rooms, filled night after night with eager, watchful men and women H'ho staked their last shilling with the sang fro id of my Lord Rochester. Even at that time, when I saw nothing beyond the big black eyes of my lovely jure, it struck me as most strange, but IJ had visited Paris, and I knew the Parisians to be fond of ccarte as a pastime only. In my novitiate * my fair partner was allowed to instruct me until 1 became au apt player, aud I went into the trap. it was a curious study to watch the; tide of fortune flowing into our hands at the beginning. Truly, luck was everything iu our case. Many a lialf-smothered sacre was heard from beneath the thick moustache of Ratazki Barjew at our success, ana as his daughter swept the golden pieces into her lap. This was the beginning. Slowly but surely the fever laid its grip upon me— the feverish excitement of the gambler. While the malady was upon me I cared little whether Riah Barjew waB present or otherwise. The ambition to win seemed to absorb all else of thought or feeling within my heart.' The photographs of the persons who gathered nightly round our table are vividly retained in my memory. Old Barjew, with his thin, keen face hungrily watching the c:irds on the grefn baize. Opposite the host a well made, handsome young man, about my own age, by name Jocelyn Vanborough, aud who might easily have been taken for my twin brother. Paul Barjew tilled the picture as my vis-a- vis. Beyond the glare of the lamps was one figure whom I observed often watching for some one who liever came. It was the form of a lady, if the erect carriage, small, well gloved hands and a hundred other iinmistakeable signs of birth and breeding are any indications of a gentlewoman. She always took up a position in the same spot, and that spot the most shrouded part of the room. She never played, and no one appeared to trouble themselves about her. At a certain hour she left the villa, but to return again the next evening to her post. One night my curiosity got the better of my manners. - 44 Who is this lady V" I asked of my host, pointing to the dark form standing motionless as a statue. 4 Barjew wheeled round. 4 Ah, mora ami," he said, shrugging his shoulders, 4 4 that is a poor creature who comes and goes to my domicile as the whim pleases her. Mrs Sydney B^ack is the wife of my most intimate friend, a gentleman whom I shall have much pleasure in introducing to you by and by. At present he is m Melbourne, but he will be here after th^ races." 4 1 Is Mr Black a racing man ?" ' 4 My good friend," replied my host, 4 with a htugh, 1 you English have a way of saying harsh words. Mr Black is a sportsman, and the owner of several racehorses." 4 4 Humph ! Does the lady know that her liege lord is absent ?" 4 4 Who can tell what the thoughts of women are V' answered Barjew, evasively. " Some years ago Mrs Black lost an infant daughter. The poor creature has nob been altogether right here (touching his forehead) since that unfortunate event." 4 4 How lost V 4 4 Stolen out of its cradle : kidnapped," brisflv' replied the host. 4 ' Whoever the thief, he h3S managed to keep his secret and hide his crime. The child was never recovered. Come, mon cher, mind your play." If I had fortune at my back: in the commencement, the jade soon turned her tickle front. I lost heavily—that is, my gambling transactions amounted to more than I could pay. All had been well for me had I come to my senses at this point, but my losses, instead of acting as a warning, only created iii me a determination to retrieve them. 1 returned home. My father reproached me for my long absence, and parted with me in an angry mood. Did ULd lie ic suspect. stisnect v Alas lias .' ror ^ain.rivoious vain '4ivolou3 youth Cut the string ot t'ae Kite, and j lo ! whither will it go I I wanted money, and my sister Hilda! came to the rescue. 1 told her my honor; was involved, and that a thousand pounds' would free me. S lie gave me her cheque " i have two thousaud odd in U»B»k of New Zealand, my grandmother s legacy,": she replied. 4 • Draw for that amount if it will help you, Temple." I kissed her, and went back to Hawksnest." In a week I was beggared of every shilling my noble sister had given me. There are some temperaments which become savage and desperate under defeat. Some: men there are, and I felt myself to be ono of them, who, if they had the strength to back the will, would wreck the world, in their mad desire to conquer. Iremember in mv schooldays encountering' W«? bi S lmllv bally u in" the tlie shapt, sh-im- of jl a i butclier, hutciier a. V coarse, brutal fellow who was the terror; <)f the locality at bstieufls. He was a mau .aud 1 a boy, but 1 would have beaten him to death if his friends had not taken him away. The bully nearly killed me,] yet my will mastered him. " You have the devil's luck, Ashford," saiu Paul Barjew. Dame Fortuue is decidedly _ against . you, my dear fellow," drawled Van-- borough. "Better not tempt the goddess' an} fuithcr. J ihe very front of these things would', have opened the eyes of anyone less be-j •A itched and foolish than myself, but the> I ,' „J | men were observers, mark you and they) Knew how to pull the strings which move; the puppets human. Tiieir words werrf \- « 1 1 1 V n d 1 replUid haushtily th 1 advice was thrown away upon me. i siiould not cease until 1 had my re» vcnge.—2'b be Continued. M lif 6 343 | 