along the wings. GENERAL JOTTINGS ON JOLLY DOINGS. PARS FROM DIFFERENT PARTS. liv "Kickkr-o." Valu Intercolonial" Cubing have dptbandod. Goal kickers v«« militant 1 Dave Druuitnoud recovering. J'nrts eecond twenty enuik-u out. Some good junior struggles tomorrow. Cleaty will captain Fitzroy to-morrow. Junior disbaudments and reconstructions. llwalinc recovering. Will play tomorrow. Pom have u smoke social on Monday night. Thompsou will In futurspliy back fur Carl ton. Begg leaves South and joins tho Napier Imp». Gchlong vriU play juniors In thu near future. Great biz at Junior Association meeting this evening. Fssendou's reserve force gets a show to Albion United assisted by tho spectators. Too bud. Carlton apeak highly of thidr treatment in Tnsmauin. Fry has got tils influenza. Doubtful starter Chopper Dornn, tho life and soul ol the Vies., in Kob-irt. A. Sfiulo, tho old Richmondite, is back trorn Mooroopnn. Carlton Juniors have a wnlk-ovcr thi week. Fortunate club. South Melbourne second twenty havo given up the ghost, BackhouMi hurt white practising. Will not play tomorrow. '1 hem' dissatisfaction iu ono team, which shall be nameless, TheroV noiptarcst liko tho interoafe in pre miership football. Clift in future will put on his finishing louche nt Fitzroy. Ksi-ndun District rxpeot to havo a great gamu with thu Nap'. Kichmond leave fur Frankiton at ten past 1 to-mnrrow nftermion. If Kundnll unlv nets Ida permit tbo Magpies with malm thine fly. U. Cox t>sck from Hamilton and expected to play with Marylrhnmi. Saiulfnrd (Gevlcna) lis decided to quit foot ball for private it-»ous, Itolent— hurt hi Tassy— returned yesterday. Ho htnnmprovoJ gmntly. Uuipwe club tngiitber to prevent rough plnv. A gnad innovntimi. Tim Napit-r Imp, hod a day out agniml Cninbrrwi-ll lavlfkitiiriiay. Mnriarty's placn filled by Alf. 8mith at the lnt moment Inst .Saturday. South Mfluouritit nro very confident of victory. Mribuuru" more no. Napi nro in cieat feitl" nnd intend making a hard light for first position. Tim b.urncker was a Inmbliko individual Ia»t Kalurciay. No club ma(chi-s. Umiuii Jack recuivu new strength from tho Bauth Melbourne second twenty, Jo« Kerrigan' leg wa mu.-li swollen la«t Wednesday. HeMiHnf a collision. Onco n»or« iiib»_th« breach dear friend"— back into prvmler>hip bitth-a again. Will the fu«»lbMlers help the newsboys ? Miiko their picnic a pleasuraliln mm. Kiiendun District two nmnt ahead of the Naps, Albion United and Hnwthurn. My cJmicn Melbourne, Kuzruy. F.ssondon, Carlton, l'ari Melbourne, Fnoncrny. Jack Wcrrall cay hi icim enj iyed (ho trip to Adelaide. Arid uaayallof timni. Ono man who went to Hobart imjisl-isc much ability, ami a more piwriful ap)>"tite. II. \Vi»(l«, known in Sydney a nil umpire, will arbitrato at Franlcttjn tomorrow. Boutherii Tasmania im»scw«-b six mcu over Clt in height. Gentlemen of tho tnck. Uyan, who used to play about tbreo years ago with Nurtli. play with lUchmottu. Rult-ni's placn iu th" North team will bo fili-d by Tnylur, a junior player of note. Kiiicndon District beat tlm Klectrio Tele graph on WednetoaV by five goals to one. Alf. Clarke nml Jim Edgar will vtiy likely play with Esioudou Dutrict tomorrow. Brownfietd Intend to be all there tomorrow and cclipsvhis Collingwood performance. A jug of erram for each man at tlm great dinner to thu Vic atLangley's in Hobart. JitntniD Dunne' knock-oas of Monday last will prerent htm from playing to.morroa'. Splendid behavior by all tho visiting teams. As a consequence everyone enjoyed himself. Marylelxmit arc lamenting tho loss of Charley Manhman, who haa gone to Sydney. Jirnmiu Dunns went under to Jack M'Kenzie last Munday, and ivas rather bvdly hurt. Launceston peoolo di«pleft«eq hecaiue they eonld not get a match against the Victoriaii E. Benn is indisnosed. Ho will not play to-morrow-. A. Armstrong will take Iu place. It is said that onn of tlm Albion Uuk»d players u to be reported for striking a Di«triet Slnan, Abraham. Sparrow and Thomum mi"d shots within fn'u.yjrdii of goal in jfobnrt. J. Fnrman ha# recovered from hi recent tnjnry, and will play for South Mribaurne to M'Guinne# (Hobart) a good man. I it ttue that a big club's tout tta-re is negotiating for him? M'Coy. a inanof mark in tho Fitzroy.l'urt Adelaide match. He got his 4 goals by plen- did play. Kux Bray's marking at the Marley's «>fl roatcii nn Saturday was a feature to b re- tiieinberi-d, Sji-cial meeting of tho Permit Committee tonight liL-fore tho meeting of thu General Association. Colin Campbell surprised tho Adehideans by his inarrclltnis fleutuea of toot and general auprbplny. Who are thn two plavcrs who went t> Hnbart nnd etine bsck uudt-r tlm names ol ' Miuui«" and " Ada ?'' Hichni'ind revel by tlm riv to morrow. Tney go t" FraukUou. L'l-my of musical barracki-r go with them. I shall b pleiLK-d t-i nceivo wing para, graph ftddrt-iucd to " Kickfr.O," aud duly authenticated. - Jack W«»vl, nn old Norwood player, um pired in Adelaide Inst Saturday. He received agn-nt ovation. Barfrwt and. Wickhnm. late of the South sfcnnd twenty, havo thrown in tlitir lot with the Union J.ick. Cascade al- I highly #p ikon of. Some who say it is good ar" capital judg -s. Kxperieneu toachea you know. " I'll com« back, my love, to thee O'D-H, wlxvo permit was rclued, will play again for North Melbourne. On Kearney U likely to lw absent front tho LsA-ndon mstch to- morrow. Thu teams player want him. Thompson, nti old Melbournn and St. Hilda tlaver, has a farm HO insleioiit uf Hobart. lie witnessed bath inatche. TheCollmgwuod bout architect and jKtet has nnother " little thing of his uwu" un ilia Kendall pornttt iblficulty. Ilohart wanted to play a deciding match ngatnt Victuriv. but thn Assxiatnm could not get n repren'-ntative team. Penihertonnnd Tliuma. from Port Mcl bmrnt- second twenty, will play with Marylu bone against thn Austral. C'dni Catnpb'dl a captain of th" S.A. team nntft#iicc»-s.t. It'" uft,.,, thecal that a perfect pl»v«r makes a bod 1<ipp»r. Tlm North and South T»maninu match on 1st July expected to ha u good out. Both teams arc undergoing hard training, Gibb', captain of tho Wihianutnwnlcnm haa quite recovered from his injury, and will talcu command totnorroiv against Carbon, Jtmmie Yonng aurprised thn vmnli of Smith Mvlhonrn.! last Monday by the skill In; showed. Song, "TlicruS bfo in thuola man yet,'' Bo. Daley icnred r"pt-Atrdly ov r Vauttn in Ad-laiitn lav, Satutdny, But Catnpl!) carried too many gun for the South Australian mitt. Boliver l'owell i« tumping i-n (he wharfnt Huhart. Tho work «et him ma lather, nnd i hard-r than ahaving or putting the lather on others. Billy Strickland elected captain of Culling wood in piaco of MThcrmn. Would luv- got the padnon earlier but fur the Krimt difficulty. A vnible and useful gift w.n premnt'd to MrC. G. Wilson, manager of the Taouaniaii team, by the boy. They gave htm a firm wi of carvers; Con. Hickey. tho Fitzroy secretHr). played a Gnu game agatnat Port Adelaide. I. »ho« that Con. is n good in the field as he i in tlm sveretary's office. Hohort. formerly of Footcrav. pk»y flgatnit Carbon fur WTuwn lu-rnurrnu. s«i will Slieehan, wliu lAHt year captained the Nurth williamstown. Mr j, SiV"vti"y nnd the Ports' team had a inoAt nninyable rejourn in Jfebvuirn". They left fur Bsllunitlftii night. Mittch in thuCity of Statue to-morrow. Thn M'Kenziu'i— Alex nnd Kn— would b» ftnncqnisitmn to nuy of our learns. 11 Jack M'K. trained Im'd hn a warm 'un, A it ia hu mark ninazingly well. Banks .was playing » great game las. Satur day, when he had tho niufortmie to aiisiaiu a broken nose. In tlio word of Lurchtr it' now ' boko de trop. '' Ilnghio Witlfnms (Kichmond). who was in jutvd tn thn WjllianisPiwn inntch, i getting on famously, nnd i extx-ctcd to pby agaiunt l'ort Melbourne nmct week. Kendall' jh-nnit Jninc up lur a week, o that all the mernbera of thn U.P. Cotnrnittee may attend. Collingwood intend to play him cn Saturday, at all event. Eccleaton and J. Davius (tnrmcrly of tho ItichmoRd) and Ptrcy Stubbsfon old Ibsen- donian putformer) wtU probably don thu guernsey for Hawthorn. Richmond try some new men tomorrow. Ilajvs and Bray (Mnrleys), Moody (Napier imps) and Dyer. E, Ryan and Julius, riiu Iat narmil a Beech worth boy. Tracker Forbesuuearthed some new song in thw train cn route to Molbourno from Adelaide, lie says lie c.tn reach " G sharp, " Doe he ' Cutloy " „( that ilk ? M'Cubhin nnd Shanahau, the Williamtoivn rupredi- ntntives in thu match ngaiuit Suuth Austrnlla performed with credit to thuiuiolves. their club nnd tho Victorian team. "Spot Mnshman, captaiii of tlm Marylo- lione, left Melbourne by tlio GaUu 'last Wednesday. A troop of friend on thu Whart cheered thu hero as the ntenmsr left. Tho Allinrnbra peoplo might make their f.vithall scuhm more attractive by casting about for some of the talent that tra brought out during the trip to Adi-I.udo and iiobrt. "The hossf-s laughed and raised our screw ; In trade there was a stir? Thn brewer cleared out all their brow Wnn Kendall got his pat. Thus the Oolbngw-jod hard nines. Jpe. Atlelaidu boy nurpriscd nt thn rn- iriartcablnsmartnftss with whioli TllK Hxhalp get the report of inatche txforo thu public, aud the accuracy of thoso report. Its a way we have in the office, bey. Yonng ladiea Went when tlis VI" ilimm,. loft lfobart. Two footballers— I won't nay who— have kept nwnv from the training room for tho last night or two. They were ut home comoodng love ditties, Moriai ty and Abraham will listen tn a tale of woe to-night — tfie Aiociatiun will repri mand thrm. Thn Faiuo old thing, I sup|v#«e. The r«socifttion look to old player hk" you to sot a good oxatttplo to vounger iuuti," Butv. iletirement. Smile. Gus K"arn«y. nnd Reg. IVilmott did 111110 fine gnal-ktckine when practising on thu E!ut Melbourne ground on W«-dneday, Thurtruod, who is improving on recent form, piloted the bairbuwvi'n the (>o»t from a mint almost love with thn sticks— a mnrveilmu feat. Why that bleumurowr Mnriarty ami Alira name uatHaturilay ? Who blundered ? 'IVh- gtam nt to Hobart to atop the St. Kilda man from plaving bvfore he find been c-nnrd by th« V.F.A. a« rccommouded by tho Inveatigattun Committer. But too late; too late. "Ta-ra-ra" waa slaughtered in Taitmni. The threat of initant drowning of nnvone who Mtig tint. My Littln Mary, nnd Olll Mntlmr nhtpton had th« do-ired effecr, and nngry word wore not called fr.rtn, as th- man who wished tu warble thos.- aoug prulerrcd life to death on luaid the boat, 