WOOD'8 LAKIE Is a veritable mountain gem. The towerie g forest clad hills environ it, sombre yes beautiful. They rear their rugged heads aloft in stately guardianship of the silent tarn below by the margin of whcse un ruffled waters the giant rocks keep watch eternal. Mirrored in the glass-like waters are the forms of the fleecy clouds which chase each other overhead. Borne faintly across the surface of the lake, comes the dirge-like murmur of wind-abshaken forests whose funereal foliage is stirred by the breeze that leaves untouched the tranquil depths below. Hera, too, is the omni present girdle of blue and distant hills. Near at hand, and slightly to the west of north, is Mount Penny-rugged, rocky, [wooded; and beyond, due north, St. Pbat(rick's Head; whilst still furtker off. Brady's Lookout rears its bold crest above the sierra-like ridge of the Western Tiers. We dismount in silence and gaze, and the beauty of the picture grows upon us. It is no longer with us a matter of wonder that men who have seen that which we are now looking at should have raved of its wonders and its glories; our astonishment now is that such grandour andsuch beauty should remain, as it is, comparatively un known. And we bless the lucky impulse that induced us to essay the exploration of the 'tight l]ittle island,' as some of its people term Tosmania. Rackett wants to know something more about the shooting, and is informed that here, as elsewhere, in the Lakes country there is kangaroo and wsllaby shooting, but that permission must first be obtained from the owner of the run. Ducks, our inforcant goes on to tell Rackett, are not so numerous here as at the Lagoon of Islands, which we are to pass later on. Cragg has been uriag his kodak, and has also made an ineffectual attempt at draw ing one or two bits of the le. After gaoing at his work with an air of despair which is comical, to say the least of it, he has torn up the sketch and scattered its fragments around. SIt 'is utterly useless, he growls, 'it re quires an impressionist and a genius to even convey a suggestion of those effects.' Meanwhile Sharps has been expressing his disgust that there is not a steam or electric launch on the lake, and that it, the lake, is not connected with the northern capital by rail. 'We had better be moving once more,' our guideremarks. And so we betakeour selves to the saddle again, and follow the course of the Upper Lake River to where it emerges from ~naTHU'B ILAKES. The travelling is a little rough, but we have our reward in the variety of scene through which we are passing. As we near the Lagoon of Islands, from its green and rush covered surface thousands of ducks arise and ekirr away, alighting again but a short distance further off. ' Things we see when we come out with out our gun,' growls Rackett. The Lagoon of Islands dces net seem to excite a great amount of enthusiasm, and with very brief delay we push on until at length we arrive at the, southernmost of the two lakes, passing close under the Isouthern slopes of lkount Penny. Here the horses are given another spell, and meantime attention is paid to the sand wiches and the pocket pistols. 'After Wood's Lake, this is somewhat disappointing,' is Cragg's first remark. This is undeniable, but still the lake be fore us shows a bold expanse of water, and had we not so recently been feasted on the magnificence of Wood's Lake we should have thought it picturesque, and doubtless a more lengthened stay or repeated visits would recall to us beauties not immediately apparent. After refreshment Cragg becomes much mcre cheeriul in his views, and declares that Arthur's Lakes must furnish an end less field of observation to the artist who should desire to study atmospheric efects. We skirt the western shore of the southern lake-there are two separated only by a narrow neck of land-for four or five miles, until near the northern end we cut the track which connects with the main road to the Great Lake. Here we turn our horses' heads almost due south, and in due course regain the main road, which we had quitted at Interlaken sheep station. arrived at St. Patrick's Plains we face to -the north-west and relieve our still fidgety steeds by a canterfora few miles. The road in many places is formed and metalled; to a great extent it is enclosed between splendidly-made deadwood fences of great age. On the plains here-which are appropriately enough named steppes-the grass is sparse and short, although the stock (cattle and sheep) running on it seem to be doing well enough. When we again get into the timber we also seem to reach a region of the uttermost desolateness. The trees In many places are all dead-killed, our guide informs us, by a phenomenal frost which occurred years ago-and their dead white limbs cumber the ground in all directions, whilst the bleached trunks, gnarled and twisted, seem like arboreal ghosts gibbering over the graves of a past and gone forest. Still moving in a north westerly direction we cross the plains, sighting at rare intervals a shepherd's cottage; then ascending the Barren Tier, from it, summit we behold for the first time the great sheet of water by which we are to live for the next week or so. Des. cending the tier we turn to the westward, pass on our right a fertile-looking marsh. with, perched on a hillside beyond amid great masses of basalt rock, another, shep herd's dwelling, and presently come to and cross the Shannon river, starting from the lake fully equipped for business, bread, brawling, shallow, and noisy as most shallow things are. The infimnte calm and the purple radiance of a dying summer's day is upon the lake as we approach it, and the farther shore is luminous with the glory of the sunset that is painting the western sky with many luesd magnificence We pull up to admire, but Sharpe inter rupts-'If you follows stop there stargazing at that sunset all night,' he says, 'you'll not get into camp before dark. Come along.' We come. Turning to the right we run the Shannon up to where it emerges from the lake, and find that camp has been arranged for us at some huts erected by Mr Page as tourists' shelters. Here are roaring fires blEzing, and bunks almost buried in their wealth of opossum rugs and blankets, and on a long table covered with the orthodox cloth stand the festive babed meats. From somewhere a man appears who informs us that he is going to take our horses away to the paddock, and after removing the saddles he. to Rackett's great horror, jumps on the back of the black horse. ' Look !' he exclaims, he's going to ride that brute barebacked.' But as that brute has already carried a very fair weight for something like forty mils since morning, there does not seem to be much danger. Then for the first time we catch sight of bur miaitre de cuidine. His hair is white and short, anid his face is shaven clean, whilst his eyebrows are bushy and overhanging, and a pair of dark eyes twinkle furtively from black and cavernous depths. He is evidently tooth less. He i' also the posessor of a Lsquare and massive jaw, and he looks like a man whose temper is not sweet. 'Nice looking old party the doctor,' Rackett makes remark to Sharpe in refe rence to the cook. SCetainly a cleanly-.lcoking personage at any rato,' is Sharpo's reply. Then Rackett steps boldly up to the old man and addresses him-"''posp you've seen some queer capers in this islanid in your time 1' he says. ' Yes,' the veteran snarls in answer, in tones that are thick and husky, 'I cud tell yer sumat.' (To be contiaucd.) 