THE GOVERNOE AND THE CONSTITUTION. Lord Jebsey's reply to the deptutation headed by Mr. McMillaa caavejiag the demand of the public for a dis solution of Parliament was not un expected. No one ever thought that a Governor om the eve of departure, and of' whom persistent rumour hath it that he is not on the most friendly terms with the Premier, would so de paru uuiu uusvuiu buu usage «w waiiuw the expressed wish of a public meeting to over-ride what is considered a Ministerial privilege. But when Lord Jersey went out of his way to inform Mr. McMillan that the Governor could not consent to be made the agent of a party move or to carry out the wishes of partisans, he went beyond the mark and showed'that he did not understand the position. Hta remarks might apply with force to a deputation equal in strength to the three tailors of To'oley-street j but they do not by any means apply to the thunderous cla mour of a whole people, whose voice is raised instead of their weapons only because they love not to break the law lightly, even in the cause of popu lar justice. His Excellency holds that the Ministry represent the majority of the people, focussed in Parliament. Most excellent commonplace, and most safe truism in ordinary times, in periods of crisis, when a merely nominal majority usurp the functions of Gov ernment and tyrannise over the country the plea of the privileges of majorities is apt to become the subterfuge of political miscreants, the excuro of un scrupulous men for acts that will not bear the light of an election. The Ministry may have what is constitu tionally a warrant to contiuun in office ; but their majority by no ireans represents the numericd strength of the voters, nor do they retain even that confidence which they once possessed — when the House was young and its members were untried. The country is being governed, not by an Admin istration, not by a party ; but by an impersonal ghost, a spiiit represented by a number, changeable as the wind, and so difficult to fix that it is always eluding the grasp In order to keep the favour of this impalpable figure, the Ministry has to placate sixty or seventy members, to bow to their in dividual will, to promise ail and sundry the gifts at the disposal of the State. No wonder writers sneer that the politics of the country are degenerat ing into 'one man one party,' aud that soon there may be crises in the. House over a culvert at Kiandra or a pound at Micalago. The Parliament has outlived its usefulness, and become so demoralised that it should die. Nine men oat oi tea are crying out for a dissolution, and the tenth, bought over as the electors at Wagga have been, goes only so far in favour of the Government as to say that a dissolution might be pos*;poned till certain promised legis lation is perfected. Most of the great centres have' entered their protest against theoutrage of the Constitution now being perpetrated, and the smaller places are following quickly day by day to add the volume of their indig nation to the general anger ; and yet forsooth Lord Jersey tells us that the Ministry focusses the majority of the people by means of their representa tives in Parliament ! The common place utterance fell short here, and the truism failed to be at all true ; but a Governor is sometimes a mere puppet, especially when lie is about to leave a colony which he may forget in a year.and where his owa memory may be overshadowed by his successors. It is hoped that the reply of his Ex cellency will not damp the ardour of those who are stirring the people to action; for the demand for a dissolution is, after all, merely s tag on which to hang the great principle of release from the thraldom of tyrants and usurpers who know well that their day of doom will approach . as soon as they are compelled to seek the suffrages of the people. Such tyranny and usurpation would be put down perhaps with bloodshed in another land: Here we are content to win our rights by peaceful methods. But it has not been unknown in British history for the oppressor to be uddenly dtagged from power — though it is to be hoped such drastic means may never have to be resorted to in this new land of ours. We ask for a dissolution nominally through the Governor, who alone has the power to grant it when one higher than he is not appealed to ; but there is nothing to prevent us going to that higher one, in spite of our autonomy. It may seem hollew and profitless to demand that which has already been refused ; but the refusal does not in any wny affect the principle involved, which is, after all, the sole reason why the public meetings are being held all over the colony. They are paving the way for the in evitable general election that must come sooner or later ; and even if they achieve no immediate result, they will close up the ranks of those who desire good government and a restoration of respectability to our deliberative Assembly, and cemeut in a common .cause interests that are even now divergent and clashing with each other. 