SPORTING ECHOES. (Br Sound.) I hear that after the payment of all ex pensefi there will he something like £35 oett profit over the race meeting held In Hamilton last week. This will fcurprise many who were under the impression that the attend- ance was so small, and be highly aa tie tactory to the stewards, who did not Bhirk responsibility, when warned "that the meeting might result in a loss. In connection with the meeting, I take some credit to myself for giving cor rect tips about tiie two most important events, the Cop and the RaciagClub Handi cap. It vb ill be remembered that I tipped Phryne and Regl for both events. Piuryne won the Cop, bnt did not start for the Handicap, w hich was landed by Regal. It was amusing to read that the President of the Clnb had been fined for late scratching. As he admitted himeelf it served him right, i and it would never have dose to let him gn 1 scot free. " What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander." Kot that I mean in the slightest degree to ioeinnate that the Hon. S. W. Cooke Is either oue or the other, far from it, but had he not been called upon to pay a penalty for his remissness, it would have been manifestly unfair to have imposed : fines for a like offence on more humble in dividuals. Mr. Moynan, as Bon. Secretary of the Racing Clnb. may have made cme mis take-, but as a collector of fees from book makers he is not to be sornasaed. There wa6 no dodging him, as not a few foood oat, bat is it fair to any Hon. Secretary that he should be pot to 60 much trouble and, I suspect, subjected to no little abase? _In years past Mr. Skene has received book makers' fees at the Victoria Hotel,- .where those wishing to pursue their calling had to wait upon him. It was intended that- a similar coarse should be followed this year, bnt not one of the metailicians, or one at most, made an application there ; all of them had to be hunted up on the coarse. In future those who think it too much trouble to obtain licenses beforehand should be debarred from betting. One of these individuals refused to pay half-a-sovereign on the second day, and was ordered to take off the bag that to some minds is indicative of plenty of cash. Happening to look into that bag, Mr. Moynan saw that it was fall of emptiness, and I happen to know that so far as money was concerned, the man's pockets must have b-en in & somewhat similar condition. What a show any body would have had of getting his money had be won a good wager from that iodi- vidoal ! Were, in addition to the payment of a license fee, a deposit of £50 demanded, the public woald be belter protected from impecunious bookmakers than they are at present. True, this would reduce Xbe nnna- her of fees, but the better class of men — men prepared to cash op for any wager they might lose — would not object to paying twice the eom now asked them, as they would do so much more busioess. The victory of the Hamilton men at Har row fairly took all cricketers here by sur prise. They could scarcely credit that so cood ft; team as that .representing Harrow had all been disposed of for 58 runs ; and still greater was the surprise when the next telegram came announcing that at lunch time Hamilton had only lost one wicket for 69 runs. The result will be seen on reference to the report <40ur boys " are delighted with the manner in which they were entertained by the Harrovians, will not soon cease to remember the sumptuous banquet (it could scarcely be called a lunch) placed before them by the Pine Hills. Kadoook andliooglandsbranches of the Edgar family. It is a surprise to me that they were able to pUy at all after 6uch a f'-ast. more especially as the afternoon was a very hot one. For myself, I should have preferred " forty winks " to violent exer cise. Bravo Warrnambool ! When it was an nounced that a Warrnambool eight proposed to compete id the champion boat race on Saturday against a strong Varra Yarra crew ''stroked" by the celebrated Ainley, most people thooght they would not have the ghost of a show. In fact, people are io the ; habit of depreciating provincials whenever ' the latter happen to be gniog to Melbonrne io compete in any atnietic event. The Warrnambool men, however, folly justified the beli-f they possessed that although they might be beaten they certainly would not be . disgraced. Rowing, as I have said, againat a strong City crew, who were acquainted with every peculiarity and einao6ity of the Yarra river, they only got beaten, afcer a hard struggle, by a length. In fact, it is on the cards that if they bad not been eomewhat e'ra'ically steered to wards the close of the race, they might have wou. Their names were— E. H. Price (bow), G. Prondfoot, T. Rowan, D. O'Dris- coll, D. Rowan, P. Ryan, C. O'Doonell and J. Ryan (stroke). At the Hawkesbary Autumn Meeting on Saturday, Latania won theSports Handicap, followed by C.B. and Faber. The Sports man's Handicap fell to Cnrraodooley, Brooklyn and Recluse filling the places. Next on the list was the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap, of 300 sove, one mile and three furlongs, for which ten started, and Empire was made a warm favorite. The order at the finish, however, was Miletos (an S to 1 chance), Narara and Bodkin. Time, 2min. 27ecs. Eucalyptus won the Disposal Stakes and Brooklyn the Welter Handicap. I read an interesting letter in the Sporting and Dramatic Jfetos from Africa, in which the writer deplored the fact that although lions could be beard roaming about here, there and everywhere when it was dark, he could not get a at them in the day. time. All sorts of devices bad been tried to catch one or more of these cnonarche of the animal world wirbont success, bnt in a few days there would he a moon, when be hoped to be able to <4let daylight into Bome of them." I trast Mr. Ger&ld; Buckley, who has shot pigeons in Monaco, Great Britain and Australia, and has got tired of such small game, wQI be more fortunate. He proposes leaving shortly for Sumatra, where tigers are reported to be plentiful and. to exercise his skill on those striped beauties. Doubtless, he will meet with some exciting adventures, about which I hope to be able to give my friends some interesting reading. Is there a more genuine sporting man in all Australia than Mr. Frank Tozer, of Warrnambool ? I doubt if he has many equals io this respect. He does not do much, if anythiog, io the racing tine now-a-days, . bnt I remember the time when his horses were Invariably -well backed as the public could always rely opon having a good ran fur tbeir money. -? He was a great believer in the excellence of 44 Premier" blood and an amusing story was last week told me about his pencJuLnt in that line. Some years ago a warm discussion occurred between Mr. Tozer and another old, but former, resident 1 of Warrnambool as to tb« relative merits of ! Premier and another great sire, whoae name i my informant did not recollect. ' As no amount of talking could in any way, settle the vexed queefoo Mr. Tozer proposed a novel method. He had in his stable two mares of equal merit. Mr. should have his choice of these and send her to bis pet sire while the other should be sent to the Premier, and when the progeny cametoafit &g; to race, they should ran for a wager of £50 side. The proposal was acoepted and a deposit made.- - The years rolled by but a few weeks before the day appointed tor the race to take place, -Mr, TozerV- poinuiee went lame. Information as to this mishap was oonveyedto Mr. — r- god a sngges iop made tbatlhe m&tolv;: alulcIHie tpostponei Bot Mr. — i-WDuldretft listen -fco "this, ""He hmst run or forfeit j£be deposit," m his reply. . I am sore my rettders'williiot be sorry to lenm that Mr. Tozer'e pag did linn bntaiso that it won. .' ! i. .'j'".' -"...'.-'1.' I; I am not coing to sty who it was_ that advised the late Mr. Thomas Austin to send ont a few rabbits to Bsrwon'Park. as -tire sfx": KTfcSssssffig'f should be rained down npon him.. Suffice to i say that, as unfortunately known io more thanjMpted hi5®&e343; year or two after, writing to Mr. Austin who was in Eoglsnd, the gentleman .id— We had a splendid day with the rabbits, they are doing splendidl>." Read by the light of r. flabseqnent ie rente, Mr. Anetin'e reply j was,? . jto -say the.-desetuqf, it- armiring.! ';Vf ,«m- glad to' hear thatyou .had snph n good day with file httnnies/init'i- do hope yon will not shoot them all. Leave a fey fpr ma when I oome oot" Nerer again, -I fear, will a day's rebhit- shpouagibe considered a oW AdmLdmioMman, Ma 'n "the shilling Io," having oonsden- iboi and religious objections to gambling! or drinking.' For this he was admired. On ' Sstnrd&y; last, however, after having again ' nfnsed, be reluctantly forked out a shilling. BhthewonM'not'&tay; to sell that hone or drink, not he, and again his consistency, was re-established. Xmsgiae thexoar of laughter that went round the room when the landlord arid, "He's gone, bnt he took precious good cre to get his sixpennyworth at the bar before be went ont. ./It is only fair to say bis eirpeany worth would end in smoke. Mr. -Skene has published the handicaps for Penshnrat, and it strikes me he has done exceedingly well. Some of the very knowing ones amy think they can pick the winners, but I, by no means, feel so confident. Here goes, however. For the Hurdle Race I zancy Tremolo, who ran well at Cavendish yesterday ; Treasure, who has ran well about the Warrnambool -district ; and Atbelstane. For the Pensbarst Cop, Grangebarn must be l&bell; -d " dangerous," as he again ran well at Cavendish yesterday, bnt I like Regal at £st as well as.any of them. Next we come to the Steeplechase, which I expect to see Glenwood win with Mohican close up, there being very little indeed to choose between the two. There is a splendid field for the Hotelkeepere Handiaap and Badajos has no reason to complain cf being badly treated. Despised is also well in, and I should think the winner will be amongst the following : — Despised, Badajos, Ocean Wave and Grangeburn. In the Pony Race I like Richmond's chance as well as any, with Alice's next, and altogether expect to see close finishes and a large attendance. 