ROSALIND'S EMERGENCY, [By Mary Selden McCobb.] Rosalind Hayden came slowly up the garden path. Kitty tapped impatiently on the window pane. "Rosalind never hurried in her life. I never saw eucti a snail," she complained. "We're sure to be late for the emergency lecture." Tom came round the corner of the verandah. Kitty could hear his teasing tone. "Hollo, Rosy 1 ' Emergency,'eh ? Come, now, here's a case. Suppose you were to meet a couple of microbes escorting fa grippe in your direction, what would you do in that emergenoy 1 Speak up lively!" " Why, Tom—a microbe—why, one couldn't see" began literal Rosalind, who never recognised a joke. Tom burst into a laugh. "Call it drown ing, then," he went on. "Given a drowning man. How would you save his life in an emergency : "Lay him on his face, with the head slightly lower than the Bhoulders, let the water run from his mouth, then roll him gently from side to side, pressing lightly on the ohest." . . . Rosalind was rehearsing her instructions soberly, when Tom broke in:— "Now J should pull the fellow out of the river. That would be my artless way. But then I haven't been to emergency lectures. Ha. ha!" Kitty came hastily from the house. "Don't chaff her, Tom," she oried. "We shall be late, Rosalind. _ Here's your note-book. Do hurry, for once in your life 1" Rosalind allowed herself to be dragged down the walk in the direction of the. church vestry, where young Dr. Peters was delivering a Eeries of leotures _ on "What to do in emergencies." Rosalind had been muoh. in terested in the dcotor's wise remarks, end bore with unfailing sweetness her brother's jeers and gibes. Tom found infinite fun in the' thought of Rosalind's "whisking in on an emergency." . "She was born slow," deolared Tom, ".She never gets there till the next week." "Rosalind is sure if she is slow," answered the mother lovingly. " I can depend on her keeping her wits about her every time. Now she won't forget to go to the train to meet Great-aunt Hannah. I oan trust her: memory, I can say of'a certain and that's more than I can say young man not a mile off." Yes, Rosalind remembered. Exactly quarter of a minute before the train was due she reached the station, and left John, the coachman, with the horses, while she went to welcome the traveller. _ No one could fail to recognise Great-aunt Hannah, as she stepped, stately and"majestic, from the Pullman, the sable ostrioh feathers on her bonnet " waving like plumes on a hearse," as Tom irreverently said. Aunt Hannah was accompanied^ by her fat wheezy pug-dog, fully as dignified. and solemn as his mistress. Rosalind stowed herself meekly on the small front seat of 'the coupe, that Tadgers might reoline at his ease, next Aunt Hannah, on the j broader cushions. " It took some time to settle the three inside the oarriage and to adjust Aunt Hannah's air pillow and wraps, while several minutes passed in making Bure that Tadgers was comfortable, I and in trying to persuade him not to growl and yap at Rosalind. Thu3 it happened that all the hacks had rolled away with their passengers, and that the street near the station was deserted of baggage waggons and railway teams. It was then that Aunt Hannah missed Tadgers'e basket, "Surely I leffa ib in the train," she ex claimed. # " I shouldn't mind, Rosalind, but Tadgers is so delicately organised that he really cannot sleep in any bed bub his very own basket." '' John will hunt ib up," said Rosalind in her composed tones. i John obediently departed. The door of the station slammed behind him. Rex, the " oil horse;" prioked up hie ears at the sudden noise. Feeling her mate stir, Regina, the black mare, moved uneasily. Both horses took a few steps, paused, then moved slowly forward down the road. "My dear!" cried Great-aunt Hannah, grasping her niece's arm. Tadgers, catching her alarm, gave a series of sharp barks. Rosalind instantly lowered the aide window. " Whoa !" she called. "Whoa, Rex! Regina, who-o-a!" Rex paid no heed to this exhortation. In fact ■ he quickened his pace, and Regina followed suit. John, emerging from the station, saw his horses disappearing round a corner. "And they're Bhut up inside!" he exclaimed, in horror, dropping Tadgers's basket, and start ing on a helpless pursuit. By this time the horses were holding their heads high, aware that no hand was on the reins. Rosalind a hearb was beating like a trip hammer, bub she spoke in her usual deliberate way. "There's nothing for me to do but to get on the box," said she. "This glass front won't open, so you must excuse me if I smash it, Aunt Hannah. Keep calm, if you please, ma'am." She caught up a travelling-bag, and gave one, two, three heavy blows on the plateglass. One piece flew at Tadgera's nose, making^ a neat little slit in the flesh, to his intense in dignation. " Sit still, Aunt Hannah," said Rosalind. " I'm going to olimb out." She thrust her arm and then her head cautiously through the jagged opening, and managed to clutch the edge of the coachman's seat. Aunt Hannah wrung her hands and groaned. The glass caught at Rosalind's shoulders, but crackled sharply as the girl dragged herself forward. The carriage swayed, making every movement perilous, but Rosalind's brain was steady. She out her ankle as Bhe drew it after her body, but she ; paid no heed, her one fear being that she \ should pitch headlong over the low dasher as j Bhe crawled head foremosb. She never oould j tell how she righted herself; but in Bpite of jdlts and bumps, and a most unexpected and embarrassing push from distracted great-aunt Hannah, whioh almoeb sent her down among j the horses' heels, Rosalind found herself upright on the box. The carriage was whirl ing along. And the reins! Where were the reins ? Lying across Rex's back. Here wa3 a pretty pass! "I wonder if I could clamber on to the pole and reaoh them?" debated Rosalind. Just then a burly Irishman came out of a shop. He opened his mouth, gave a sorb of wild whoop, rushed forward, and made a snatch at Regina's bridle. He missed his aim. The horses shied, and tore along. Half a dozen boys set up a bewildered shout). " Head 'em oS!" "Ketch the young lady !" " Runaway!" The cries grew rapidly fainter as the horses tore along. Aunt Hannah's dignity vanished. Her head oame into violent contact with the side of the coupe, which, in spite of its padding, bruised her unmercifully, "Hand me your umbrella I" Rosalind's voice sounded through the broken glass. Aunt Hannah collected her wits and obeyed. Rosalind lowered the hook on the umbrella handle towards the reins. Rex bounded as he felt the stiok ■ fumbling across^ his back. Cautiously Rosalind fished for the lines. She twisted the umbrella once and again to make sure her hold. Then she drew it slowly upward. One wrong movement and the reins would drop out of her reach. She caught them just as the coupe dashed round a corner at a sharp angle. It balanced iteelf on two wheels, gave a violent lurch, and righted itself. Rosalind wrapped the lines around her hands, bracedher feet, and tugged. She might a3 well have tried to stop the Btars in their courses as to check the frenzied horses. I'All I can do is to guide them," thought j Rosalind. Another man thought he could rescue the perishing. " I meant to hit 'em a blow acro3t the chiBt and knock the wind out of 'em." That was liia intention. What he did was to bring his stick with a tremendous thwaok aprdss Rex's fore legs. That was the last straw. Rex took his bit between his teeth and flew.- The traces held. The pole was tough. Mount Joy!" thought Rosalind. If Bhe could, by any possibility, head the creatures for that steep ascent there might be hope. She jerked the left rein and Regina swerved, pulling Rex in the same direction. Then, of their own will, they made a curve, dashing aoross Squire Blaokmore's splendid new- lawn, still soft from recent sodding. They left it behind torn and Bcarred by dents of hoofs and wheel rut3. Old Squire Black more, walking about his grounds, barely escaped destruction from the whirling wheals. Aunt Hannah at one window cried piteously I for "Help!" Tadgers howled at the other. Rosalind, white and cold, headed Regina for | Mount J oy. ' They were racketing along through a region of tenement houses. There was a frightful commotion. Hens squawked, dogs barked, babies came within an inch of sudden death, J women shrieked, men shouted, boys yelled. "Mount Joy! Mount Joy!" gasped Rosa lind. They had nearly reached Mount Joy. Just at its foot they must cross the electric-car track, and if she could not keep the coupe at right angles to the iron rails the sudden twist would send the driver into space. That she knew. Suddenly the air was rent with a clang. It was the brazen gong of the electric car coming round the corner. There was a brief moment of horror. Rosalind shut her eyes. There was a shriek of terror, not from her, but from the cardriver. A hideous scraping noise. The car had actually grazed the coupe as it bounded across the traok. Then Rosalind, still grasping the reins, knew the horses were plunging up the hill. For forty feet they kept full speed, then the grade became steeper. Regina was drawing sobbing breaths. Rosalind sawed on the bits. Another twenty feet and the run had become a' gallop. Twenty more and the gallop slackened to a canter—to a fast, then a mower trot. The summib reached, the horses stood still. The sweat poured down their flanks: foam flecked their breasts; their chests heaved convulsively; they trembled in every limb. Three mile3 had they run. "In eight minutes," calculated RoBalind, I looking at the clook on the observatory which ] crowned the hill. Limp with terror Great-aunt Hannah tumbled out of the coupe, her portentous black plumes shaking with agitation^ Tadgers's eyes were nearly popping out of his head. Two strong men seized eaoh a horse's bridle, i "They'll—stand—now," remarked Rosalind. I There 6he sat; her hair streamed down her back—her hat had blown off long ago—but she [ was quite herself. " If you will go into that apothecary's shop, I Aunt Hannah, I will send a livery hack for you," she said. "I must drive home or| motiher'll be frightened out of her wits." The group of men which had collected j remonstrated, every member. In vain. "You can sit up here by my side if youl choose," said Rosalind to Mr. Tate, the | observatory-keeper. I should be—pleased with—your company—but I shall drive." I So she did, the entire length of the town— | hatless, dishevelled, but quite at her ease. ! The exhausted horses were like lamb3. I People turned to stare, but no one molested | the returning chariot. At her own gate Rosalind found John, as white as a ghost, in company with her terrified family. "Don't be alarmed," she called out. They lifted her down, and Kitty called for a glass of water. "What do I want of that?" asked Rosalind. "Do you think I'm euoh a goose as to faint? Will some one go for Great-aunt Hannah? , She's at Millet's drug store on the top of ! Mount Joy." Kitty was weeping hysterically. " Oh, Roeo, I should have flown into inch pieces!" Bhe sobbed. "That's the good of being—slow," remarked Rosalind. "You don't fly into inch pieces if you're—slow" She laughed good-naturedly. "You're of more—use in an—emergency if you're—slow," she added. ' Tom's two hands were on her shoulders. He gave her a shake, did Tom; he was so relieved he must vent his emotions, and of course he couldn't cry. "You're a trump, Rosy !" he said, huskily. "You're a diamond! But look you here, girl! I tell you keep out of a carriage until the coachman is on the box. That's the way to avoid this sort of an emer gency" 