WEDNESDAY AUGUST 23. The Speaker took the chair at 4.30 p.m. Questions. Th« Commissioner of Railways, in re ply to Mr. Harper, as to defective iron work imported for the South-Westem I'ail way, said : 1. Ai regards the fish plates, they were manufactured by the Sbbw Vale Company, and this company have admitted their liability for the def ectivo plates, by refunding the cost of those supplied in beu thereof. The purchase took place previous to an appointment of the Agent-General. Copies of the correspondence on the subject wore now laid on the table. 2. The fish plates were purchased at the market rate current at the time. 3. The goods were passed by the officer (Mr. W. H. Stranger) acting under Sir Charles Shclton Gregory, Consulting Engineer. 4. The inspector was paid by a commission of 2s. 6d. per ton. 6. The same inspector is still employed by the Consulting Engineer in England. As re gards the locomotives, a correspondence is now taking place, and the matter is being inquired into in England. Three Kitsona' looomotiveB received in December, 1891, were somewhat defective in workmanship and materials, but no other defective rol ling stock has been received. The Prkxkb, in reply to Mr. Traylen, said the Government had not given per mission to the contractor for th*- Midland Railway to work from the southern end only, instead of at both ends as provided for in the original contract, nor had any permission been applied for. The Homesteads Bill. This Bill was further considered in com mittee. Clause 22, agreed to. Clause 23 (leave to pay cost of survey by instalments), Mr. A. F«bbB8T moved an amendment that only one- half the survey fee should be paid by the lessee. The Pbbmxeb pointed out that the cost of surveys would be a great tax upon the country if the land was taken up in small areas to the extent expected. Mr. Monger supported^ the amendment, but would like to see tho Government pay the whole of the survey. J Mr, Lefbot said it would be well to re member the country at present was receiv ing only a farthing an acre per annum for land which it was proposed should pay 2d. and 3d. an acre. (The Premier: We part with the freehold, though; now it is only under lease.) He urged that the conditions of settlement should be made as liberal as possible, and ho supported the amendment Mr. Richabdson said the amendment was a fair compromise. Mr. Hassbx.Ii and Mr. Clarxsok said the amendment was a reasonable one. The CoMMissiONESt of Cbown Lands said there were many claims on the Government, and it would require a good Bum to pay for all the surveys. Mr. Loton said the first year's rent would pay tho cost of survey, so that there need be no scarcity of moneys, and the second year's rent would entirely recoup the Go vernment. The Pbemieb said the Bill had got into a different shape from what he had intended, by the maximum leasing areas being in creased. Tho holder of a lease would have to pay only a small fee for survey, being in the case of a 10,000 acre man not more than £10 a year, for five years, or -fi50 altogether. The class of man who would take tip the maximum area would not feel the small charge per annum. Mr. Mollot said this Bill was being con verted by squatters into a measure for en abling capitalists to obtain large areas of land at the expense of the poorer classes of tho community, who had to bear the ex pense of opening the land with roads and railways, without any return for the out lay. He protested against this spirit of cxclusivnesB. Mr. A; FobbE8T said it was impossible for the poorer classes of the community to take up these leases, owing to the expense of cultivation and improvement. Mr. Thbossell supported the amend ment. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause passed. 'Clause 24 (Time allowed for taking pot- , session)— The Premier accepted an amendment for allowing extension of time when eunrey was delayed. Clause 25 (Improvements required to b« made on homestead leases)— Mr. Richabdson moved to amend the clause by requiring tho improvements to be completed during the ten years ensuing after the first five ytars, and also to fix the amount annually to be expended in such improvements at an amount equal to 8d. per aero per ftnn»»« on second-class lands, and 5d. per acre on third-class lande. It was more to the interest of the lessee that he should bo required to get his im provements completed in the earlier half of his 30 years' lease. The Commissioner of Cbown Lands sup ported the amendment, which was agreed to. Mr. Habpeb suggested the desirability of specifying the eradication of poison among the improvements to be allowed for. The Premier said it would be included in improving the agricultural and pastoral capabilities of the land. Clause passed as amended. Clause 26 (Pastoral lessee in occupation to have prior right to homestead leases)— Mr. Richabdson moved to add a proviso, entitling present lessees to select double the area allowed under tho previous provisions of the Bill, and to a rebate of one-third of the prescribed annual rent. He said this extra allowance to any present lessee would be only bare justice, in consideration of hu having spent years «nd much capital in stocking and in building up a homestead. They should not legislate over his head, but give him the opportunity of operating un der this measure to the extent named; though he should be required to comply with all the terms and conditions, except aa regarded the area of selection and the amount of rental. The Pbbmieb objected to the amendments saying it was not in the interest of the country that they should encourge the formation of large estates of this kind. Under the present Land Regulations, the lessee had ample opportunity to obtain as much other land as was necessary. He did not see why the rebate in the rental should be allowed, and he did not believe this larger power to present lessees would be availed of by many. If many of the people now in the country had only half their present area, the land would be better im proved, and the country better settled. Mr. Lefbot said this clause was cruel to the present lessees, by not allow ing them to select sufficient areas on their present holdings. This would apply par ticularly to a number of large leaseholders in the Champion Bay district, and would wipe them out of existence, after they had spent the best part of their lives and all their capital in forming homes that were a credit to the colony. If the farmers were the backbone of the colony, thepastoralista might be called the lif cblood of the colony, and it was these men who had done so much to advance the colony, who would be treated most harshly by this clause, unless they were protected. He strongly urged the Government to accept the amendment. Mr. Clabkbon and Mr. A. Fobbebt sup ported the amendment. Mr. Thbossell opposed it as savouring too much of the exclusive policy— West Australia for the West Australians. Mr. Tbatlen would support tbe amend ment, if it was modified by leaving out the rebate of rent. The Pbbmieb reminded the House that hi the hind-grant railway districts the major portion of the lessees had, by Act of Parliament, been dispossessed of their lands and received no more compensation than being paid for their improvements. Why should they now begin to treat anothnr class of lessees in a different wayP It seemed to him that the present lessees were liberally treated under the Bill. Mr. Richabdson said that he was not wedded to the wording of Mb amendment, but in bringing it forward he had been actuated by a feeling of justice. Several opponents to the amendment were in fluenced by fear of the opinion of others — the fear of forming large estates, which struck him as being a peculiar objection, That cry was nothing but a ghost, and a ghost that many hon. members were afraid of. The Pbemibb said the hon. member, after Mb previous amendment had been carried for increasing the areaa, came forward and said they should not interfere with the present lessees. The amendment was then modified by omitting the rebate of rent, and on being put to the vote as altered, the amendment was negatived on the voices. A division was not called for. The clause was amended by providing three months, instead of two, for present lessee to make application. The clause as amended was passed. Clause 26 (When and on what conditions a Crown grant may be obtained) — Mr. Lefbot moved an amendment to provide that the cash value of the rental doe on the land after the first five yean should be reckoned At compound interes at 6 per oent» in caseof jraronosihg aftgr.tht first five yeara. This would allow pewo e ?-- ? ? . .? ? ? ?*?' with capital to obtain the Crown grant, at a diseoont for full payment in cash. Mr. Xjoton supported the amendment. The Premier opposed it as an attempt to get the land below the cash value fixed in the bill. The Commissioner of Crown Lands said that they would be doing a good thing for the large holder, by carrying the amend ment, but not for the country. It seemed to him that after a time, instead of receiving money from the lessee, some hon. members would want the Government to make a refund to him. The cash value for the hind fixed in the bill was merely the interest at 6 per oent. on a 80 years' rental, and no payment at all for the fee simple. Yet the amendment would seriously reduce the total rental which the Government hoped to TOU01VB. Mr. Monger was surprised that the Gov ernment should offer any opposition to the amendment. Mr. A. Forrest moved that progress be repotted, in order that members might have time to think over the question, which was very important. On a division (18 to 8), progress was reported at thie stage. Municipal Institutions Bill — Second Bbadingk The Attorney - General moved the second reading of this bill, and said it was brought in, by request of the House, for consolidating the municipal laws of the colony, and bringing the question gene rally up to date. It was well-known that prior to last session the muni cipality of Perth had been preparing, for some time, a bill of their own, which would be applicable merely tothecity. Some of the provisions of that local bill were included in this general bill ; but none of the provisions of this Bill were in any way outside such as might be needed by any municipality throughout the colony. Th« Bill preserved the municipalities as they existed at present, and provision was made for the creation of new municipalities as they might become necessary hereafter, and they would be created, as heretofore, by an order of the Governor-in-oouneiL The Bill was divided into ten parts. In the second part they found the provisions relating- to the constitution of munieipali tiee. There was one uew feature, namely, the appointment of committees and sub committees by the Council, which was usual in municipalities of large size. He believed these committees were working in Perth now. Part S dealt with the qualifi cation of electors, and they also said how the electoral list was made up. They had endeavoured throughout the Bill to adhere to the existing arrangements, so far as they related to matters of administration ; therefore with regard to the making up of the lists, the provisions in the Bill were simply a re-enactment of the present law, with certain improvements. He described the effect of the main provisions in the bill, and pointed out such few changes as were introduced. A change had also been made in the voting. The system had been that of open voting, 5sV l%sa- fnrs» aKiwiiAiif Iiaw 4-.lia vAtttH mnAMJ-ul his vote, but the bill introduced the system of voting by ballot. They had retained the system of proxy voting by persons residing a distance of 20 miles from the municipality, but tiie form of voting had been simplified. In the bill also would be found provision for the width of public streets setout by the council* and private stree'te set out by the owners of land. The Government were in debted to the draft bill of the Perth Council, as he was glad to acknowledge, for many of these sections relating to the duties of the councilB. Clause 145 provided that on the third Saturday of December in each year the Council should make a valuation of the annual value of rateable property, and when necessary of the capital value. It would not be always necessary to make a viwuavavu v*a vuvvwj/»hm. vaiiuv|nuu tv BllVUlU only be made when necessary. If they could find the annual value they did not re quire to find the capital value, as the rates would be assessed on the annual value and not on the capital value. In finding the annual value they had to be guided by the rules laid down in section 147. In this connection, he had accepted some of the provisions contained in the draft Bill of the City Council. The capital value was to be estimated at the fair average fee simple value of land, exclusive of all improvement, in the same neighbor hood, subject to the provisions of subsec tion 3, which fixed the annual value or rental as being 5 per cent, upon the capital value, such annual value to be the minimum. That was to say, that if a piece of land with improvements was worth 4!3,000, or unim proved worth £1,000, the rate would be fixed at 5 per cent, on the £1,000, or in other words £50. This principle of rating would defeat those unfair expedients by which an owner had, say, put a small shanty on a valuable block of otherwise vacant land, and then claimed that the rate should be levied only on the amount of rental received from the uhanty. Xtwas provided that when a tate was struck, notice must be served on each ratepayer, and it -vag also provided that the ratee should bo paid into the office, instead o( fl rate collector going round. He believed it had been difficult for a council to ascertain to whom a property belonged, in cases were sections frequently changed owners ; and the bill provided 'that notice of every sub-division or transfer of property should be given to the council, under a penalty for omission. In conclusion, he said the Bill had involved a great deal of labor in its compilation, and he hoped it would have the support of hon. members. (Hear, hear). On the motion of Mr. A. Forrest, the debate was adjourned until Monday next. Chinese Immigration Amendment Bill The debate was resumed on this measure and ultimately the second readiug was agreed to. The House adjourned at 10.40 p.m. 