i r ;·i ,t .:\··'· ·! i::J1~''Csiii;;;1 ... ·I·, -7i: ''i.lliii.·Ili !· ;.7 :: ;: i·~l ·~' : : i;\ ·r··~.. r ~I '''i' "' J. ····u v -'~ 1· ··'r'··-··i:i;:I·· I ·". : \- ··- 'i · '' - ·· ;' ·' ' I"'· '·~· ~'~` '· ~ -"---- -'I-`·-~ r uise roasT i'Tiuot.50000. A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND i n llU i rold 11 Mfackerazie, .Aithor of ' "TeSquarteosr Da-ohfer. GRAPTER 'v - , (aomomaas After this the 'itrooper sauntered through the trim little garden with its wealth of flowering shrubs and plants, sending forth their aromatic fragrance on the ostill night air. The quiet highway' which led through thickly- grwni'cl'smps of pandauus palms nbambri""sked~drew eough .as white dust which lay ankle-deep on the roadway. The sound of his foot-fall on the solid hardwood rafters, of the bridge which spanned the river alone broke the calm repose of the small town. The night was close and almost stifling in its character within doors, so much so that Popham resolved not to retire forth with, knowing full well that little or no sleep would come to refresh him. He according filled himself a pipe of tobacco and stretched himself in a ham mock which occupied a corner of the verandah. He went over again in his mind the events of the day which he felt sure were about to throw strong light on the nature of Maurice Liecombe's death. If there were traces of poison in the liquor-of which he had not the least doubt--the question moust be answered. "Who was to blame?' There could be little doubt either that the flank which bore Sybil's monogram was not Liscombe ' property. It was midnight. The palms and 'bamboos were stirred by a gentle breezs which ruffled thdir feathery tops, the flapping wings of some frino-fx as it darted chrough space, nigh: be heard, or the mournful cry of a jungle-fowl piping until the eastern light would appear. The sergeant was as thoroughly prac tical in character as a man could well be. No superstitious fancies ever found their way into his clear and far-seeing mind, though his home in the old country had been associated with all manner of blood curdling legends handed down from gene ration to generation and believed in to the l'tter by the old villagers who were as ignorant as people generally are-born, bred and dying in one spot. " I daresay I should have grown up ox actly the same, had I stayed there," he csid to himself, his thouehto travelling back to the old Lancashire village. " Romance is all very well, but when a man's starving there's devilish little to manco in him. And that's beeoi my ex perience before now, and. in Austtralia, too, where they say a man can't starve if he's' willing to work. Talk of supersti tion in the old country. It's simply ignorance of the lowest order. Put some of my old chums in the bush for a year or so and they'll soon get all that nonsense knocked' out of them." What had' led the sergeant into this train of thought, which seidom occurred, was more than he himself could have said. " My God I there's a ghost I" he sud denly exclaimed.jumping out of the ham neock and gazing steadily at an appari tion whichstood motionless at the garden -ate " Am I dreaming I No, sure enough, I'm awake." The sergeant gave himself a pinch in order to make certain. At first the sudden appearance of such a sight somewhat startled him, but in anther instant he walked quickly down in ' the direction of his inocturnal visitor. " By heavens, it's Lucyl" he said, ba. 'inni.ig to recognise the well-known fea lures of the popular bar-maid. " What .oneart? can she be doing at this time of night, and alone, too?" lie was right. The figure before him was Lucy Gullem, clad in naught else but her robe de nuit, and her long raven terses falling in wary masses about her sh6oulders and neck. Her eyes were wide open, large, lustrous and black, yet there seemed no. whit of expression there. She was asleep-as sound asleep as if she had never stirred from her bed. " What the devil shall I do with her ?" tiie sergeant asked himself, gazing at this 'Lady Mnacbeth-like visitor. To awaken her he was determined not to. having heard that such a thing might prove fatal, more especially when he knew the ohighly nervous state of th:s girl's tempmarment. It was the first time in his life that lihe had ever be.n confronted hy such a sight, and hoped it would tbe the last. '.Well, it's no use standing looking at tr all night, though she' i nice. I've .u.ver lifore seen 'her look so fetching. ,g inri . hi._thow?bh iya.il uladlatigh if. they only knew of :this. L'Lcy its, m house at this hourr" The sergeant smiled at'the bare idea ,of such a thing and congratulated himself on'tbe fact that there was no eye witnias of the scene. 9.N one shall hear of it,' I'm deter. . mined, and so th'e sooner I can get her back, to bed the better. aGouod vening, Lucy, will you give me a' whisky and bitters, please ' . . Tihe sergeant thought this a good way of: opening the'. conversation, being about the most natural question he could have asked. The girl neither moved nor spoke, but only gazed steadlily before her.? " I can't stand this much longer. Per .spn. she'll come inside if I ask her. w pn'tyou restyounrsslf a nmoment;' the afternooniswairm?" , .Thgaksyou, if you'll eep secret whllat I'm aboat.to, say. Popham took her hand in his and led her up to the verandah. "I won't come any further,' she re marked; "' I'm pressed for time. In fact,. n's paDi tden now.. but I had to come. I asild iot rest till I told you." a ~ilm yourself, Lucy, and tell me all. Ypy:msy rely upon me keeping every. thing tO myself.' .?,Ah'J sergeant, in you, perhaps, I ave my one and only riend. People may'call themselves my friends, but I tnosebetter. Can a bar-maid be a friend of anyone's I Look what she bha to go through, the people she must smile at :and pretend to like. Ah! the whole .-,thing is simply a burlesque from begin sing to end. BO in you, sargeant, I snow that a cn puint my trtut," YTe girl put out her hand;glitterineI with many precious' atones of a doubtful character, which Popham held gently. "And now for my story. I couldn't sleep to.night when I' went to bed, with this dreadful weight :ono my 'mind,: n' dressed niyself and cinoe p here. Thid srgealt 'gazed down at the em bruidered robe of "te"onnamb'ulistand smiled at the idea. " I knew ithat the body of Maurice Liscombe would be found soouer, or Inter. :' Mlurder will out' is a true saying, ind, has. proved so in this, case.e I have come here to give you some strong evidence which"will bring that m'in to justice." ' Who is that man ?" Lucy at this "question went off into a high-pitched scream of laughter, de noniacal and unnatural in sound. "How can you ask that question ?" she said when she had recovered i her composure. "" Why, Sybil Prescott r is Liscounbe's miirderer. Oh I don't look nurprised. The word sonnds,.harsh enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's true. Aye, as true as ever a thing was in this life." The sergeant heeded not the statement made by thewoman in her present stiate, yet withal.there was an irresiatible.fuib'i nation to "listen' to all she ;had' to " To bring Sybil Prescott to justice is my purpose. Those documents which tell so much against him are as nothing beside what I have seen with my own eyes. I know their contents, but how I know them don't ask me. There was a flask belonging to Prescott which, if it were recovered, weuld prove something that he might not like. That flask was given to Liscombe the night when herode to his death." "What did it contain ?" asked the ser geant. " It contained poison. Sybil Prescott has poisoned that man. I know it. Ah I a woman was not giv'n her reasoning for nothing. I told Maurice of this-told him to pour every drop of it awray, as something said within me all was not right. I heard someone in the liar this evening talking about drugged liquor, so perhaps people may know more about the matter than we suppose. Why should Prescott give that man who now lies in his grave a flask of whisky to drink ? A thing that he has never in his life done before. The reason is not hard to gue?s. You klnow as much as t do about boath of them. I will say no more. Know this, sergeant, that the blood of Liscombo is on that young man's hands. Arrest him without delay and give him his deserts." Lucy by this time had wound herself up to an unnatural pitch of excitement. so much so that Popham began to fear that she would awaken. Notao, however. She still held on with her rambling and at times incoherent account of what she wished the police officer to believe. "Maurice Liecombe was kind to me, though I never liked him. I loved another; loved him dearly. But what use was iti He was already an engaged men.. How handsome, how noble I thought he was. He could never be mine. All has happened for the beat. lily life would have been linked with that of a mnurdelrer's, for he was none other than Sybil Prescott. Thank God for it. I haie had a narrow escape. Time is going; I mustSet home Again. Will you walk as far as the gate 7 feel relieved now since I have told you what I know. How else could Maurice have been killed unless as have said by poison What will man not do when he is in an unconscious state and has suicidal tendencies like he had ? Ahl the thought is horrible, hor rible. horrible !" As she uttered the words she moved slowly down the steps, beckoning Pop ham to follow. SAt the gate she whispered in his "ar Remember, let no one know what I have told you." In another instant she had vanished through the darkness along the shadowy road. Popham watched her oub of eight, wondering to himself strange things, then turned to go inside and if possible sleep it off. "Evidence coming in this fashion is darned strange. Someone or another will have a but' time of it." Soen the eyes of the trooper closed in sleep and for the time he waA quiteobbli vious that there had ever lived such a per= son as Maurice Liscoinbe. ?HAPTER XX. THE ARRESo . " Sybil Julian Prescott, I arrest you for the wilful murder of one Maurice Lies combe I" Such were the wordautteroda few days after by Sergeant Popham. Words which were enough to have struck terror into the heart of the hardest of criminals i b?t with Si bil, though grim enough when prlipounced in the sergeant's stentorian voice, taken little heed of. The scene of thearrest was the veraodah of Sybil's house at talpoe. As was customary, neow that Ifaurico Liscombo was no more. oh and Il.ycroft would often take an alfreuco breakfast on the broad, shady verandah. -'Whilst. par;, frilftis ftieyep culd b i,'ecshfihd''with e brighltsmera?.4 fliiae of the cane-fields, all glistenti g and andcl!)pking under,the first rays of an early llt.. Ifow many times had thley ~nt their, talbigg of all manner of things, and not the leasta them mariy and many a time before discussed ij "l1 its bearings this ease of which Sybil now fomg..q the cen trat figure. It is a well known thing among the police tlpt oftru an arrest is made in one quarter ii .or.d4 tint itother party of whom they h?ave nuspieipo Nay Je thrown off his guard. With criminals, as a rule, when their evil instincts prompt thenp to commit a crime their conduct is oftentites marked in after actions by folly and coaradice, though previously they had' had enough courage to carry out their designs. What gladder tidings can be carried to the ears of any. fv.transgressor than to hear that'for the crinie f wjmichl he alone is guilty another and an iinnocent gear has been irrested? Ile gloata and chitckles to himself at thb idea of suehil thing' and widuld willingly go ind see him ttff,.r the last penalty of the'lav ra ther tharaseo a 'finger to save him. lie litll .dreram thtby asumniing suich an uir f nonchaulunce lie s e?really prepar ing for hiluielf that ugoie wiih i he bla so jouIily c:alculated wbas: wraiting for anuth r. - 'riThe police rrerid, to note everything that he may say or d. ' They shadow him day apd night, watching hit' when heleaots suspcts;a a ae, andievep talk and drink wihim. hih . " ler They ply him' with ?weld?j and Ioar mich that"'otherweise he' would 'have: feared; to; touch upon in.hiasi ober moments;. At length, by a word let slip, by. a something hoirever trivial it mnay, appear to the general p~fiblie.:ho fi iriin-i nates -himself. In an instant the iron bands encircle his wrists. Io is a pri soner, and no ono more astonished than himself. Had Sergcant, Pophsm arrested Sybil in order to :maik the arrest of another more dertishi? ' SNo one could say. As an officer who knew what his 'duty' wan nobody qresa tioned for a monent. . The case was in his hands for solution, and the. firat step towards bringing the slayer of Liacombe to justice 'had been taken. : The public would' look onanid follow each stage of the' proceedings'with that' voracious., appoetite for- supping: upon' horrors which is so characteristie of the average law-court lounger. . Thoaghl'theinqost'liad been fixed for a certain date, it was necessary to'post pone it for -aveook later in order that'tlm witnesses might have due notice and that any further evidence forthcoming might also be obtained. thVill there be no timetoawrite a etteor.aettle odi~ minatters'? .ioquired Sybil m' 'oph'lim aiid Tulloch stood before his chair. 'fve 'much to say that I should like. Could' you 'give me an hour?'" - " Very sorry to say, air, that we can't. Our orders are to take you without delay to Thornton. No doubt you'll be able to do any business there that you may ro quire. . There'll be' a clear week before the inquest, during which you'll have plenty of time to yourself." A grim smile overspread Sybil'a face at the thoughts of that weary week before him. And who could say, perhaps, how inny weary weeks there might not be after that, supposing they found him guilty ? As Rycroft heard the stern order of Sergeant Ppham, lie drew Sybil aside, scarcely' able -to articulate clearly the comforting words which he wished to "Vitlh an effort, however, he mastered himself. " Bear up, old boy; the crisis hascome at last. You show nothing of what you fool; were you to do so, perhaps, you would appear less plucky than- you really are. I'll have the horses saddled without delay, and we'll ride to Thornton under' escort." Iis last words were almost spoken in a jocular manner, as he ran down the steps and took a path in the direction of the stables. . Whilst Roycroft was absent, Sybil and the troopers remained beside the break fact table. - Had these stern guardians of the law been off duty they would readily have ac cepted the light wines and cigars which Sybil so kindly offered. As it was, however. 'they could ac cept nothing, and, in fact, spoke hardly at all. They were stolid as.Sphinzes, looking steadily before them over the waving cane-tops, bending to the morning breeze with a 'adimoirnfulsodhd like the waves of the sea.? 'And'this world of sunshine, this broad, 'far-stretchin'g panorama of heavenly lights and glowing colors in which merry birds piped their songs and dusky savages laughed and revelled,was tobeexchanged for the dark, unswholesome atmosphere of a felon 's dungeon. Sybil thought of this as his eye roamed at will across the familiar landscape far away towards that frowning fortress-like rock of Grazebrook, where poor Chris tins watched and hoped for his re tourn. Ah I crnel enough he thought ib all, but easy to bear were she not made to suffer on his account. This was a thought, sharp as an arrow entering his side,which maddened him to dwell upon. ,"Why ahoild she be made to suffer?" he kept repeating to himself. And then his eye was suddenly at tracted by the ornamiental hilt of Pop hamt's revolver,' protrtiding froth its case. Flight never entered his mind, and he even smiled to himself at the idea of such a weapon being carried on his account. Though his'rooms were bristling with fire-arms of all descriptions, no thought of ever carrying one in self-defense had ever occurred to hitsm. ! " I wouldn't shoot a dog if I could help it," he had often said when stories of 'nigger-potting,' as It is gamiliarly termed, were told him "byL another, " Sone, no doubt," he thought, " would have taken to the bush immediately when they had known there was a chance of being arrested, pramming as many shoot ing irons and daggers into their belt as would terrify a host. I see nothing in it, asten chances to one the p?pture would havp bryn effected all the sname. These troopers a?lgBg ptraight 'lwhich is Oot always the case w th lthosa whl carry most weapons of defence. Besides, what have I to escape from ? God' nid me ponscicnce tell me what is right, and that's epongh."', Ijy this time loycroft had brought up the horoes ,whlcl Sybil and hp Froe goig! to ride to t. e township. i freh andre uid??wll conditioned they. kppearc?' 'It the hlright' ?oiriing .light iylwence:came? the neighitg p ?pstable , All thes every-day trifles ?were new 'cn note of by 'Sybil as hle'at'inmnioody slence. Moest, no doubt, hlpo experienced the same when, .perhaps, for the nast Ipm' they are looking, at some , sell: know p?ene in which everything, be it small or great, leyes an impression lon". to bo reeiberi whytiehn ypre have roll d their course. ," Shall I be permitted to accompany ~Ir. Prescott 7" asked' ILycrafte of the ge-gr tprplq':thly were naking prepara ,tiros'g/r.thesta . r ... " . . },. "; By all .ieant. N.o.qdubt+ yor e?sr vicesei Ui ledf.'n. t"o.tho pria?ong. lIe mnay hi.p messages to oCud.' leow ha?hlth.ep word prisoner:sounded to' the: earne of' the young fellowei though a common enough onpspith Pop. '"Then we're allready. Tullch. do yoi take up the rear whilst I ride in f-ront. emeplmber. , Mr. Prescott, this is more as a matter of foris thacn aythisg else. We hese n feor that you0 '1"l tLy to eeape." SSybil had been arrested so quietl that scarcely anyone on the plantaiiln i was aware of it. The quartette were riding downf'one of 'the quiet cane-glades, whience came the sharp ring of knives and joyous refrainsof the islanders, as the (qng aamboss fell in heaps ready for garnering. ley little dreamed that their master was being hurried forward to answer questions before a tribunal on so hideous a eharge.-(To be cofntinued.) V ' 