The Doctor's Step-daughters! #- «: / iCjirarorrr.;- By C. Stafford, w " Chapter IL- (Continued.1 The rain was beating also on the win dow of tbe consulting-room, making Clinton's dark face turn in that direction for'a moment. The doctor, with his hands clasped behind, andswaying from heel to toe, and from toe to heel, as he talked, was standing before Clinton, ob serving, didactically, as he looked up 'at his friend, "My dear fellow, I own she is a nice child, bnt she is nothing else yet, in spite of lier twenty-one years. Her refusal isn't worth two thoughts. Besides, man, she has a consumptive tendency. I am by aio means sure abont her chest, and you flon'fc want a sickly wife — you've had ffottr share of nursing with, your mother. . Look at the matter with a ciear head, Clinton. She'sa nice girl, hut she's, Sftot the safest investment possible as a wiffe." _ Whatever sort of head Clinton faced jlhe. affair with, he said nothing : he was hot a man, at any time, given to lengthy explanations. He was a tall man, with a deep, jileasant voice, who did not find joomuch space in the small room for liis large, easy way of moving. He half let drop and then caught again a stick he carried, made a sign in the direction of the upper part of the house, and ; asked, " Will she be at the Lavingtons' . to-night ? " The doctor expressed himself incom petent to give a reliable answer. "VAU right," said Clinton, putting his long legs in motion towards the door. , " You won't come up, and — hum — face '' out ? " said the doctor. "Mo," said Clinton, shortly, as he carried himself - out. "Ta-ta, Morris ; glad- you've crossed the Rubicon with her, on your own account. Bad' ten mifitites. eh ? " The doctor gave an indescribable sound in reply, Clinton passed out into the, street, and the doctor turned into his. own premises again. The rain had stopped, and Clinton crossed the road under the arch of a beautiful rainbow. He looked up at it, - and saw four girls at-the window above also looking up at it. His dark eyes instantly singled cut. one face in the group. As if by some electric influence Tina lowered her eyes at that moment, and met the glance, a flash of regretful meaning in it,' mhnaging to make itself understood by 'hen Clinton raised his hatband passed on. Tina turned rosy rect i Frances pat her lips close to Tina's ear, whispering, " Ton do care for him." Tina shook her head and turned away. ' I want a cup of tea — tea, not tannin , you .know; it mustn't stand more than two minutes. I went into the drawing- rodm, but found no one there." It was the doctor who was speaking, coining in smiling and dapper. Whatever was his anger when he left Tina, there were no signs of it now, as he "perched himself on a sealing-wax red milking-stool in the neighbourhood of a stand on which wa& cake, &c.;, and began to help him self; There was a pretty little scuffle amongst the girls, all wanting to serve him at once. ' Light the lamp under the' kettle. Where's the teapot? Susan brought up the blue one with the tea ready in it." The doctor sat serene, in the middle of the melee. Tina was the only girl who did nothing, though the doctor nefdded to her in an exasperatingly friendly manner. The commotion had raised Jack's spirits to such an extent that straight way, if anybody else's voice was to be heard, it was necessaiy that Jack should be submitted to the discipline of having a dark cloth thrown over his cage, and Tina occupied herself with this act of public benevolence. " Are you going with me to the Lavingtons' to-night, op have. I to carry your excuses ? " asked the doctor, looking across at her again. . "How can I?" she asked, looking shyly round, "like this ? " Tina's habit of violent crying, when the world was not going well, with its subsequent result of change in her ap- Eearance, was well known in the house- old. The doctor looked at her criti cally, but chose to view the case favour ably, and as no emergency was ever known in whichhe did not suggest some thing, he now said, " Possibly a little rb$e-water, cold bathing, and judicious powdering might " He " did not fiqisk, but raised his eyebrows in good- sutured, silent questioning as to what she thought of his recipe. "I should,, perhaps, begin ciying again if I went." There was. a chorus of impatient 34 Ob's ! " from the others. The doctor fglt, from something in the air, that he was no(, as he put it, " going to have any trouble witb the rest ; "and, perhaps, id. proportion, experienced all the more annoyance with the member of his "Smily who was neither entertained fay, 0v at present entertaining to, any- »ody." 'Then I will certainly take care you are not. my fellow-guest," he said, slulvply, in a tone which brought a reminiscence of the scene downstairs. Tina was tired and unnerved. In the hour which had elapsed between the un expected conversation in which she had heard that Edmund Clinton proposed to many her, and that her step-father proposed to marry the one girl in the whole town with whom she was on strained relations (above all things, so ic piease you, over buiuc ui&puus; iu con nection with along-past church bazaar), she had cried bitterly — so bitterly that she was perfectly exhausted. Fiances, who had been out shopping, had happened to come to Tina's room, and had found her there actively employed .in making herself ill — and a'friglit. Fiances, after having had the whole story sobbed out to her, had brought Tina downstairs to have her nerves mended by a cup of strong tea. The doctor, unfortunately, bad come before the cure was complete, , Tina broke down again, clasping her small hands tragically, and turning her streaming face towards him, she asked wildly, " What am I to do ? " The doetor had, as has been observed, a temper somewhere, though it came surprisingly little to the surface- It now launched itself before the public for the second time that day. He took hold of the scarlet legs of the milking-stool as he sat on it, leaning well forward, with his tea-cup, by its own unaided exertions, maintain ing a not very secure balance at the end of one knee, while he slowly dropped out these words, with a distinctness which seemed to add to their semi- brutality : " That is your affair. Tou say you are old enough to decide what you won't do, therefore you are old enough I should 1 " - Argue,- to make up your mind in ! regard to what " you will do. Put an advertisement In some paper - for a post as govemoss— that is what I should advise. Some position in some household will turn . up for you, no doubt." It was like a bombshell dropped in the place. The doctor's quick ears caught five several gasps, and he himself brought his speech to a close with a sixth To say the least of it, any apartment in his honse would, at that moment, have been a more agreeable spot to liim than the one he was how in. Out of the tail of his eye he saw' the four girls he was not immediately addressing interchange a sort of " Can I believe my ears ? " glance, and Frances and the Chinee at once proceed to fold themselves, as it were, round the irritatingly. hysterical person to whom he had spoken. If that gimci-ack stool under him could at a thought have been turned into a witch's broomstick, the chimney would certainly - have hem in request as an outlet for an injured step-father. Matters at this point, however, were made a little better by Frances's turning her head round and observing, in a loud whisper: " We none of us are liking it; but if you will let us be, we shall all come-round. We will all try to do right." " Site's not trying to do right," said the doctor, not able to dispose of his feeling of having been dealt with unjustly at a moment's notice. " Herbertina has shown a miserable amount of lit " " Littleness " was the word his short peroration had been meant to end with, but Frances startled him from finishing it by a shrill "Give over!" finishing her command by, "and be pleasant." The doctor was tickled — so much so, that he involuntarily obeyed by throw- ing his head back with a hearty laugh — i laugh in which his ears told him five iistihet giggles joined. One even from the cause of the disturbance,' who, awing to the other girls stepping hack, was revealed with a lather damp hand kerchief held to her eyc3, while the mouth beneath had a three-cornered smile of fun. "1 say, Chinee," — thedoctor changed the subject — " what a smell of paint there is in this room, You've been what you call Aspinalling ' something igain." " It is only this," returned that young lady, apologetically, exhibiting an ivory- white paper-basket, not yet dry from its last coat of AspinalTs enamel. " I im going to put a rose-coloured silk bag in it, with ivory-white and rose-colour strings to draw up, and it will be lovely for the bazaar for the new mission-room on Carrington Bridge." Bazaars, unfortunately, were not just then a safe topic ; and, as it occured to the doctor that he might, perhaps, now retire gracefully without the aid of the wisbed-for broomstick, he emptied his tea-cup, looked at his watch, and re marked: "I hate to call on another ; patient before my dinner-party. What do yon say to driving with me, Chinee, old lady?'' Chaptee III. — Wanted/A Situation. By the time that the 'doctor stared for the Lavingtons, Tina, in the bosom of such family as she possessed, wa6 commencing operations in connection with advertising for a situation as a governess. The girls had betaken them selves to the drawing-room, by this time, and when the doctor looked in. there to say, jauntily, that he was " going," it struck Frances that he was carrying out her instructions to be pleasant with painful thoroughness. Tina was seated at a quaint in laid writing - table, which, some- linw' in if ft kotata liainfinpcua nf Ktia X — V».W»W WMWVWVW w seemed to resemble herself. From the garden, after the summer rain, there was positively pouring into the room the fragrance of mignonette,, honey- , .suckle, and the strong spiced scent of early-blooming tobacco-plants, which Miy Hanson, the doctor's young assist ant, had " gone in for" in a bed Imme diately beneath the open drawing-room window. When the carriage-wheels of. the exasperatingly . smiling doctor had trundled up the street out of hearing, Tina began in a semi-angular hand writing, very much . lying on its back, " For insertion in The WeeJely Chronicle," adding the date of the next appearance of the Tory paper in their country town. She commenced proceedings just as she had done more than once when advertising for a cook or a housemaid to the doctor's household, only in this instance she used a sheet of her very best notepaper ; that much she felt due to herselt After this, with a beautiful caliraphy, the precision of which, also offered her some mysterious comfort, she wrote : — ANTED, a Situation as She had got so far when Frances looked over her shoulder and arrested her hand. Frances always was incorri gible in the way of interfering. "That's not it," said Fiances. . "Fve been looking it up, and I see that's not the newspaper way of wording it. They have a heading Situations Wanted,' and then in the column below Gover ness requires Situation,' so on, and so on. I've been inspectingihe advertising sheet of The Christian World." " That was very good of you, Frances," 6aid Tina, slightly sardonically, rather resenting the excessively prompt and business-like way in which Frances had risen to the occasion on her — Tina's — account. "Perhaps if you would think instead, of look, you wo.uld see that I couldn't, with strict veracity, advertise myself as a governess until Fve been one. Could I?" Fiances had a habit of becoming momentarily deaf, when any remark was made calculated to interrupt tbe stream; or alter the course of a flow of eloquence which she had started. She went on with immovable countenance behind the ostentatiously spread out Christian W orld. " Here is one. This is how it reads. ' YOUNG French Protestant LADY (brilliant Musician), . certificated, ' Hamburg, and' speaking' French and English, desites EE-EN GAGEMENT. " Then comes another: Governess seeks re-engagement in a school. English, music, flinging, and har< mony. " Then there's another : A GOVERNESS in a family, by Toting Lady (20). Certificated. English, French, music, drawing, and needlework. "Then there's — oh, no, I am looking at the wrong column, somebody wants her — FAMILY GOVERNESS WANTED (near Ciys- tal Palace). Thorough English, French, and German, Music (Theory), Drawing and Painting. - " That is how it reads," went on Frances, calmly proceeding in a kind of blank-verse rliy tlim of tone wbich would have been effective at a penny-read ing. AS GOVERNESS. Ten years' experience in High School. English, French, math., drill, needle,' "Gracious!" came a voice from a despondent-looking being seated on a liassocjc. with her bauds clasped round her knees, staring sj'mpatketically with the family grey eyes at ;tn equally des pondent-looking Tina. " Gracious ! you don't need - to-be such a mountain Of accomplishments as all that, do you ? " Bangles'— the dispirited speaker's— roi.ee was the vox populi of that mcrfiqg . The thought expressed by poor Bangles had been occupying everybody con> cerned. " No governess in this house- that ever, we had, I mean — was that kind of person," Bangles added, before relapsing into humiliated silence. Frances lowered the paper so as to show a curling fringe of hair, two straight eyebrows, and a pair of flashing eyes looking over at the low-spirited group. "Ah, there it is," she said, " nobody's to blame ; hut, you know, we never had good teaching. When poor mamma died, the doctor was so young that, for appearances' sake, our gover nesses were nice, elderly, mneh-behind- the-time individuals. The doctor's way. too, of testing their suitability was always to ask them to ' play something,' don't you recollect? and we know whether he was qualified to judge even of that accomplishment." "Various smiles flitted over the faces of the ladies of the doleful countenances. The doctor had once publicly made a remark which revealed the fact that be had mistaken the air and time of " The . Campbells are Coming" for the tune with which the words of "Jerusalem, the. Golden" are usually linked. "But what do you say to this?" added Frances, with a change of tone, and an air of having reserved the best information to th 1 last, as her face was again obscured behind the paper. WANTED, a young- ladf as Companion Oorer. sees for a little girl. Pleasant home. — P. W-, The Sosaries, Whitehampton, Hereford shire. ... The. Chinee was the one who took upon herself to answer. She had her "pig tail" drawn under one arm, and, with the waving unplaited quarter-of-a-yard at the end, was gently flogging the top rail of a chair, on which she was kneel ing with her face towards the hack. " If Mrs. Yan Wrexham didn't live next door," she said, pitching high her .girlish voice, "I should think, perhaps, she had gone to live at the Rosaries. (Mrs. Yah Wrexham was a person possessed by a perpetually expressed desire not to hurt anybody's feelings.) "It is the sort of thing she would say," finished Chinee, "if she wanted an upper nurse." Tina's face, which had brightened, lengthened again. If Mrs. Yan Wrex ham was altogether sentimental Tina was three-quarters so ; the remaining quarter of her composition was practi cality itself; but quality, however superfine, has, when opposed to so much quantity, to take a back seat. That tricksy magician, Imagination, had managed, in the second's pause, to call up before. tbe three- quarters' proportion of that vitalised atom of the universe, figuring under the name of Tina West, a vision of Tina W est herself, in her best whitefroek, meandering gracefully in and out of a sort of labyrinth or maze of rose- trees (standards, we may mention), lead ing by the hand an angelic child. The rose- garden, Imagination said, would adjoin the ! grounds of an ancient nunnery, where in the moonlight Tina might wander (still in her white frock), her hands filled with roses, and her eyes upraised to the moon (presumably the little, girl had been put to bed), and meet the ghosts of pale nuns, also in white robes,:- pacing with silent tread the ruined aisles -of their old home The honeysuckle, mignonette, and tobacco-plants had been the faithful jieuuumeu . vi xmugmuaion jaere. xne strong, pleasant ; stents had thrown an amount of dreaminess into the air which it did the girls, some credit to liave yielded .so little. Perhaps the fact that both Franoes and Chinee had slight colds had something; to: do with their superior behaviour., - Chinee's observation appealed so keenly, to the remaining quarter of Tina's composition that she experienced a most painful revulsion- of feeling. "Even if it was- reallya governess who was wanted at the Rosaries," she said, with a new sense of enlightenment upon the ques tion of herself, I should never teacli well. I never could teach Chinee when I used to try." "Perhaps that was my fault," Chinee consoled her. . . " No, it wasn't," said Tina ; and Chinas knew, in . her heart, that the answer was just. "Do you know, I believe I could teach," broke in Frances, confidentially. " Whatever I do know, I want other peo ple to know ; and 1 usually manage to make thein see things. That's what the doctor calls my bothering propensity.' I can't re3t without trying to make (hem see things.". " No, you can't;" assented everybody, with not altogether pleasant meaning. "It .is a pity you weren't the one to get wrong with Miss Lavington,", said Excelsior. "What does it matter about that?" said Frances, with a seeming vagueness which turned out to be only seeming later. "Housekeeping is my strongest point," observed Tina, humbly, as she still sat at htr desk, nibbling the end of her penholder, and looking tragically hopeless: Good-night, dear love, God keep thee in Hie care, Clinton was singing at that moment in the Lavingtons' drawing-room, -with this hopeless - looking person in his thoughts. My hands are clasped, my knees are bowed in prayer, (So they were, figuratively) For thee, dear love. God keep thee in His care. Good-night, dear leve. To be Continued 