WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. II. H, Jennings lives at No. 211, Main- street, Bridgeport, anil Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. Ono night early in December (1S91) the two women locisca an me doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in tho house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past oloven they returned, and entered tho house laughing and talking. But .is they went into the parlour the merry hninuur died out of them in a second. Right in tho middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. Tho upper part, of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rollod up, and in one hand he carried a long, old- fashioned pistol. Tlie women lied screaming from the room, and when Mr, Jennings came in live minutes later lie found no one in tho parlour and all tho doors and windows securely locked. What was it tho women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights, On the fourth of these nights about two o'eloek, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like tho calling of my name ; nnd at the foot of the hod stood tlie image of my mother just us she looked live years before, us she was leaving home to go on a journov, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I': screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough' to tell j of it, anil tlie local old women gossips said it was a | summon and I would never got well. Yet I did, nnd am in perfect health now, T. believe that vision ctune of my weak nhrves, for I've never seen it since, and its more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why there s no end to tho tricks the nerves will play oil' on you when your system is out of condition.. In March, IS90, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darraeolt Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:— "I was so dreadfully nervous IJcouhl not hear anyone in tlie room with mo, yet I did not wish Llioin faraway in case I should call out for help. This was in June, ' 1889\. I slept very badly, and in tho morning felt . ittle tho better for having gone to hod. 'There was 1 often a sevcro pain in my head and over my eves, ' anil I was sick most of Ihe time. My skin was'drv ! and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt eohi j and .lead, By-aml-hy I had to lie helpless in hod. The doctor said he didn't, know what my complaint : was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could \ not retain even that on my stomach. By this time j I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory com j pletuly failed, \Iy head ached so dreadfully I i thought I should lose my senses, and my friends ' agreed that I would never got hotter. « h giv0n up vhon one day Mrs. | West, of Bournemouth called and asked what I was I taking. She lohl mo she was herself once -just as badiy oil, and was cured by Mother Beigel's Cura tive hyrup. As she seemed to have so much faith iu this medicine, \ tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, ami by tho end of the week X wen I downstairs, fow I am as well as oyer. I can oat ami digest my food, and all my nervousness has left mo." Ihe malady Mrs, h istcr suf'ered from was iiuli- gestbn and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. Ihe original cause was grief and shoek at tho Violent doata of her husband,, by accident, and tlie 8stcm rallied only when the syrup had given new vigour to the digestion am.l thus fed ami toned the nerves. Whatever may he your opinion of the Brid-'enort ghost, it remains (mo that most uncanny visions :urJ sounds mean nothing moroor less tlia'u a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother So i gel's (Syrup does its work (lie eyes and ears entertain 'only what is natural ami wholesome. 