ALL ALONG THE RIVER. By MISS M. E. BRADDON. CHAPTER XXVI.— I, You, and Cod, can COMPREHEND BACH OT1IEK. It was two months after Allegro, s wedding- day, and Martin Disney lmd been warned that the closing hour of tho young lifo ho had watched so tenderly was not far off. It might come to-inorrow ; or it might not coino for a week : or tho lingering Ilamo might go flickering on, fainting and reviving in the socket, for another month. Ho must hold himself prepared for the worst. I loath luigiifc coino suuueniy ai» i/uu mai>| imc. <i thief in tho night ; or by stealthy, gradual Btops, and slowest progress from lifo to clay. lie sat beside Isola's sofa in the Roman lodgings as he had sat beside her bed in that loug illness at Trelasco, when her wandering mind appalled him more than her bodily weakness. Ho watched as faithfully as ho had watched then, but this time without hope. leather Rodwell had been with her at 7 o'clock upou the last three mornings, and had administered tho sacrament to hot and to her husband, and to the faithful Tabitha, one with them in piety and love. The priest thought that each celebration would be the last, but she rallied a little as tiie day wore on, and lived till sunset—lived through the long, painful night, and another day dawned, anci ho found her waiting for him in tho morning, ready to greet him with her pale smile when he appeared upon tho threshold of her room, after going up the staircaso in saddest apprchensiou, dreading to hear that all was over, except the funeral scrvico and the funeral bell. She insisted upon getting up and going into the drawingroom, feeble as sho was. Tabitha was so handy and so helpful that tho fatigue of an invalid's toilet was lightened to tho uttermost. Tabitha and the Colonel carried her from the bedroom to the drawingroom upon her couch, and carried the couch back to the bedside in the ovening. Before noon she was lying in the sunlit salon, surrounded with flowers, and photographs, and books, and newspapers, ana all things that lighten the monotonous hours of sick ness. Nor was companionship ever wanting. Martin Disney devoted himself to her with an unfailing patience. Upon no pretence would lie leave her for more than half-an- hour at a time — 'just the space of a walk to tho Hill of Gardens, or the length of the Via do' Condotti and the Corso; just the space of a cigar in the loggia. He read to her, lie talked to her, he waited upon her. Tabitha and lie were her only nurses ; for Lottehen was a young woman of profound concentration of motive, and had early taken unto herself the motto, One baby, one nurse. She conscientiously per formed her duty to her infant charge ; but she rarely lifted a linger to help anyone else. It was drawing towards the end of July ; tho weather had been lovely hitherto — hot, and very hot, but not insupportable for those who could afford to dawdle and sleep away their midday and afternoon existence — who had horses to carry them about in the early mornings, and a carriage to drive them in moonlit gardens and picturesque places. In the suburbs of the great city, across the avid Campagna yonder, at Tivoli, and Frascali, and. Albauo, and Castol Gandolfo, people had been revelling in the fulness of the summer, living under .Jove's broad roof, with dancing and sports, and music and icasting, and rustic, iunoccnt kisses, snatched amidst tho darkness of groves whose only lamps arc fireflies — deep woods of ilex, where the night ingale sings loug and late, and the grass hopper trills his good-night through the per fumed herbage. Hero, in Rome, the heat was more oppres sive, and the splashing of the city's many fountains was the only relief from the glare and iluzzlo of the piazzas, the vivid white ness of the great blocks of houses in the new streets and boulevards. .Blinds ivoru lowered, oud shops were shut, in the blinding noon tide heat, and through the early afternoon tho eternal city was almost as silent and re poseful as the sleeping beauty;— to awaken at sundown to movement, and life, and music, and singing, in lighted streets and crowded cafds. Suddenly, in the dim grey of tho morning, the slumberous calm of summer changed u> howling wind and tropical rain — torrential rain, that fell in sheets of water and filled every gutter and splashed from every house top, aud ran in wild eascades from every alley on the stoop nuwiues. xno oampagna was one vast lake, illumined with vivid flashes of lightning, and the thunder pealed and reverberated along the lofty parapets of the mined aqueducts. The tall cypresses in tho Pincian Gardens bent like saplings be fore that mighty wind, which seemed to howl and shriek its loudest as it came tear ing down from the hill to whistle and rave among the housetops in the Piazza di Spugnft. 44 One would think the ghost of Nero were shrieking in the midst of the tempest," said laola, as she listened to the fitful sobbing of the wind lato in the dull grey afternoon, while her husband and Path or Rodwell sat near her couch, keeping up that sad pretence of cheerfulness which love struggles to maintain upon tho very edge of the grave — tho broken-hearted make-believe of those who know that death waits at the door. " Hark," sho cried. 14 There comes a shrill cry every now and then like the scream of a wicked spirit in pain." "Rome is full of ghosts," answered the priest, 44 but there arc the shadows of the good and the great as well as of the wickod. Walking alone in twilight on tho Aventine, I should hardly be surprised to meet tho spirit of Gregory the Great waudcring amidst tnc scenes of his saintly life ; nor do I ever go into the Pantheon at dusk without half expecting to see the shade of Raffaclle. And there are others— some I knew in the flesh- Wiseman and Anbonelli, Gibson, the sculp tor, consummate artist and gentlest of men- yes, Rome is full of the shadows of the good and wise. One can aliord to put up with Nero." 44 You don't mean mo to think that you believe in ghosts ? " asked Isoia, deeply in terested. tt was only 5 o'clock, yet tho sky was grey with tho grevness of lato evening. Here in this land of light and sunshine there had been all day long the brooding gloom of storm cloud's, and a sky that was dark as winter. 14 1 won't analyso my own feelings on tho subject ; I will quote the words of a man at whose feot it was my happiness to sit some times when I was a lad at Oxford. Canon Mozley has not shrunk from facing tho great problem of spiritual life in this world — of an invisible after existence upou tho earth when tho body is dust under the sod 4 Is tho mother of our Lord now existing?' he asks, and answers, 4 Yes. I believe that all fathers, mothers, sons, and daughters aro now existing. Nature has disposed of their bodies as far as we can trace her work ; but their souls remain. So I read in Homer, in Virgil, aud in tho New Testament. This existence I am permitted to believe is a conscious and activo existence.' Canon Mozloy, tho man who wrote those words, and much in ore in tho same strain, was not an idle visionary. If he could aliord to believe the presence of the dead amongst us, why, so can I. And I believe that Gregory tho Great has whispered at bfic ear of many a Holy Father in tho long lino of his suc cessors, and has influenced many a Cardinal s vote, aud has been au invisible power in many a council." 44 1 like to believe in ghosts," said Isoia, gently. 44 But I thank God those that I iovo are still in this life." She hold out her hand with a curiously timid gesture to her husband, who clasped it tenderly, bonding his lips to kiss the pale thin lingers. On, Death, pity and pardon 'arc so interwovon with thine imago that neither pride nor anger has any force against thy softening influence. She had been false. She had wronged liiin and dishonored her self, cruolly, cruelly, most cruelly; but sho had suffered and repented, and she was pass ing away from him. Lot tho broken spirit pass in peace, lot tho fainting soul depart iu an atmosphere of lovo. That (lay woro itself out in storm and tempest, and the night came on like a ficrco death- struggle ; ami the wind raved ami shrieked at intervals all through the night ; and again next clay there woro gloom ami darkness, and a sky heaped up with great lead-colored clouds ; and again the torrential rain streamed from the housetops and plashed in the streets below; a dreary day to be endured oven by tho healthy and tho happy— a day of painful oppression for an invalid. Isola's spirits sank to tho lowest depth, and for the first time sinco Allegra a marriage sho talked hopelessly of their sepa ration. , _ 44 If I could only see her once more before I die," she sighed. 44 Mv beloved, you shall see her as soon as the railway can bring her here. Remember, it. is you who have forbidden mo to send for her. You know how dearly sho loves you — how willingly she would coino to you. l it telegraph to her within half an hour. ' 44 No, no, no," Isoia protested, hurriedly. 44 No. we oau never meet again in this world. 1 look my farewell of her in the church. I meant it to he farewell. I was very happy for her sake when I saw her married to the man she loved. It was a selfish repining thai made mo ask for her just now. I would not huvo her summoned here for worlds. She is happy at Venice — happy in hor honey moon dream. Tell her nothing, Martin — nothing till you can toll her that my days have ended peacefully. Sho has borne her burden for nio in the past. I want her to bo free from all cave about me — but not to forget inc." 44 Site will not forgot, Isoia. Sho loves you fondly and truly." (To bo continued.) 