I THE 'TIMES 11 NEWSPAPER I INSIDE PRINTING HOUSE SQUARE. There is a very intorosting article by Mr. Edmund Vinconb in tho English Illustrated Magazine for Soptomber, from which wo are very glad to bo ablo to tako the following quotations. Mr. Vincent says Accompany ino then, at six in tlio ovening to tho door in Printing Houso Squnro. Remain without in tho flesh, but let your disembodied spirit pass through tho folding doors ; tho men boiiind the railings on tho right will nob notice your ghost, bub you. may notico thab they sit at tho receipt of telegrams and of envelopes, and that no man bearing the printed envelope of tho paper goes away unrewarded. You will notico, too, that tho night» printers aro dropping in ono nftor another, for Lho great cngino is awaking out of her hulMccp of tho day. THE COMPOSING ROOM. Glide unsubstantially lo tho right nnd you shall pass through a lofty room, a wilderness of iron tables and typo, to the foot of a spiral stairenso of iron, ascendiuf which you shall become aware of u warm smell of oil and of a rattling crashing sound from a composing room. Look down its length, and the impression produced on the oyo is thnt of an cndles* f-oriea of frames, I^ybi ids between n Venetian blind and nn /ISolinn harp, each attended by its satellites who work under a strong light eoncontratcd upon tho work. Before uiuli man lies his slip of ' copy ' ; legible or illo^ihlo, he must mako tho best of it ; sumo set by hand, others by machine, played upon with koys liko n piano, capable of celling nearly 300 lines an hour, whereas fifty Jines is tho limit of tho best hand labour. Bo contcnt with a glanco hero. Know that each man has his work allotted to him by tho head-printer, that many of tho grow to an honourable old n^o, that all rcccivc pay at rates higher limn those earned by any men of their class in Lnn.lon, and thab there is not a Trades Unionist among them. THE EDITOR'S CORRIDOR. Pass through a green-baize door into n long corridor, remembering that even to the spirits tho room of tlie editor of tho Time* remains closed, and thab you nro in I nnother man's houso investigating the pone I tralia of his business. Other rooms in this | corridor aro those which used to bo occupied by Mr. Macdonald, aud occupied now by Mr. Godfrey Walter, and the drawing-room in which visitors nro received, over tho mantel- piece of which hung, until tho other day, a portrait of somebodyin antidiluvian jack-boots, whom I always assumed, without any justification, to bo Crabb Robinson. Thero aro threo writing-rooms on this floor, each having a good desk and good chairs, a supply of pale bluo slips of paper, and a strong electric reading-lamp. Thero is also number 7, tho room in which an army of sub-editors spend laborious nights over oceans of manuscript, much of which, to the infinito annoyance of everybody concorncd, is faintly poncilled on to greased paper and called 'flimsy.' Inspitoof tho monotony of their work, the sub-editors- of the Times as a body oro the cheoriesb and the* most helpful meu in tho world, nordo thoy think it absolutely a matter of conscience to deprive nn article of all point and all epigram. THE REPORTERS AT HOME AND ABROAD. Upstairs, on nnothor corridor, nro tho reporters' room, the leader- writers' rooms, tho foreign room. Tho leader-writers are wreathed in mystery. I cannot say who they are, how much thoy earn, how thoy do their work, how many of thom thoro aro, for tho maxim of the Times ofiice is thab of the sago, with variations, 'Call no man n leador-writor until ho is doad.' The name of tho reportors is legion. Tho foreign room is ono of tho busiest in the house. The wirce from tho Continent click withoub ceasing ; tho messages which come requiro tho full attention of four trained men under n chief. It is a inistnko, by the way, to call this gentleman, nccomplished and distin guished as ho is, an editor. The Times has but ono editor, nnd in his department ho is absolute and supremo. Wo aro now in a position to givo a rough skotch of tho means concerned in producing, choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appears in tho Times. THE MEN WHO MAKE THE 'TIMES.' Thoy nro the editor, an assistant editor, foreign director, nnd tlie so-called City crlitor, though hero again tho word ' editor' is to my mind misapplied. Thoro aro x leader-writers, there aro six or seven sub editors, nnd midway between them nnd tho printers aro tho renders. Thoro are also x* special correspondents, y reporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and z semi attached reporters. In tho United Kingdom thoro isa local correspondent of every town of importanco ; in overy country in tho world, almost, is an accomplished gentleman entitled to call himself 'our own corres pondent.' Of theso M. do Blowitz is the typo apd tho ideal. Even now I have omitted tho full staff of reporters in the House of Commons, who enablo tho Times to givo practically tho only complete report of debates published daily in England, and tho law reporters, barristers all, including mon appointed to cach circuit, ab the head of whom is tho mosb indefatigable and tho moat humorous of men, the favourito of Bench and Bar, who has always a kindly word for ft struggling junior and a merry anecdoto for tho.jaded leader. Still thero remain the multitudinous roviewcrs, tho dramatic critic, tho musical critic, tho arb critic, tho gcnbloman who makes tho turf his study, tlio yachtsman, tho rowing critic, the obsorvcr of cricket. Tho names of gentlemen of this class are indeed legion, they aro as numorous aa tho pursuits of men. The management of this great organisa tion is conducted by Mr. Arthur F. Walter, with tho invaluablo assistance of Mr. Moberly Bell. Tho printing department is in the hands of Mr. Godfrey Wultor. All tho Walter presses havo been mado in tho engineering room at tho basomonb of Printing Houso Square. Here, too, is tho type foundry, for at tho Times Office a large proportion of typo is melted up and recast. Finally tho composing machines, Kastoti hem's, with so many improvements that the original idea is almost beyond recognition, have received much attention with excellent results. Ab ono time it was customarv to connect tho operators ab somo of these machines by telophono with persons dictat ing from tho House of Commons, but the practico has been practically discontinued, partly because tho Houso of Commons has becomo an u early to bed' institution, partly bccauso the strain on the operator was found to bo almost intolerable. Ib is woll known that carbon segregates from mctcorio iron in tho form of fine grained graphito, and crystals of graphite resembling diamonds have been found in meteorites bucU us thooe of Youngdegin and tho Nowo UroK Diamonds aro also' found to occur in old volcanio veuts, such as tho Kimberloy mines of South Africa, which are filled witli decomposed intrusive material thrown up from great depths. Professor Carvill Lewis supposed thoso diamonds to havo beon formed by tho action of tho intrusivo material on tho carboniferous shales found thero, and prodicted that , diamonds would bo found in motooritcs ; but no diamonds have yob beon found in the Greenland iron- beds, whore a similar action has taken place. Professor O. W. Hunting ton recontly expressed tho opinion— which, indeed, ,hnu already been formed by M. Daubr^e— that, since the earth is apparently a mass of meteorites covored with ft crust, -thoro ought to bo abundance of diamonds at great depths. ; Tho classic simplicity of M. Renan'sFronqh prose, together with the love he evor dis played. for the discussion of spiritual problems aqd the analysis of the religious sentiment, naturally suggests a comparison with both tho mattor and tho manner of tho Into AJatthow Arnold. The affinity between the two iSj indeed, very remarkable* 