THE SPINSTER VERSUS THE MARRIED WOMAN. By Kath UrsoN Clark. (Abridged from Harper's Bazar.) It was assertod by Mrs. Jameson that no married woman whoso home life had been happy had ever aohievcd distinction in art or letters. This was¡ of course, a good many years ago, but within tho last decade several pretty poems have been written whioh support Mrs. Jameson's proposition. In all of these, verses the argument is usually muoh the same. A mother with her child upon her breast renounces outside ambitions. In some cases she appears to do this willingly ; in others she weops, and makos more or loss complaint regarding the bushel which hides her shining. In one of them the mother bids farewell to a companion-a " lady friend" apparently-who had abjured matrimony, and had openly como out in favour of the muse. The " lady friend" is speeded on her way in several thrilling lines, as she passes ' from sight on her path toward the Temple of Famo. Then the mothor is supposed to turn back with streaming eyes and devote herself to rooking tho baby to sleep. Such mothors aro reoommonded to ponder the favourite lines about the Archimedean power of "the hand that rooks the oradle."., Buskin's sentiment that " it IB better to build a beautiful human creature than to build a beautiful dome," and Emerson's " The greatest of all enterprises for splendour, for extent, is the up- building of a man." Still, when one craves pomegranates, the juiciest tenderloin is not satisfactory, and the woman who thirsts for fame will refuse for evor to believe tho poet's sweeping statement that " fondness for fame is avarice of air." But, seriously, the spinster and the childless widow, or the lovely woman who for any.mis fortuno Becks soolusion from society, have an infinitely bettor chance for winning distinc- tion in the fields of intellectual effort than have their happily married sisters, as anyone can see. The spinster of 30 has had her romance, and baa either buried it or set it aside. The mists have cleared away from her, and she has no illusions. She may study ; she may spend all the time she likes in the galleries and libraries. Even if she has her living to earn, she still has a good many hours of each day to herself. Moro than ail else, she is not hampered by the altruism whioh must necessarily entor into the life of her married sister. The latterwould infinitely rather thather husband and ohildreft should become famous than that she herself should., Tina leads to a constant course of self- sacrifice on her part. Is there anyone who has not seen some noble woman oapablo of filling a high place, yet modestly hiding herself behind her family, who are often unvvoithy of her hope and confidence? Love is the overmastering emotion of a woman's nature ; those ahe loves best she will always place before herself. Thus the married woman has lost at the outset the essential, next to the possession of irrepressible genius, to the winning of fame-fa single, undivided aim. Another requisite to artistio excellence which she has lost is the privilege of solitude, without which " no greatness ever had been dreamed or done." The happily married woman has little time to herself. Though she may go to Her robin and lock the door behind her, she is followed by per- sistent ghosts of duties, whioh mock at her efforts to abstract herself from the earth. She resists these flitting worries. An hour passes. Her colours are mixed, or her clay is moistened, or her poom has taken form in her mind. Her hands begin to work out the fascinating thought of her brain, when suddenly the president of the Dorcas Society requires a consultation with her. Then the plumbing bursts in the kitohen ; the children come home to lunch. Clouds thioken about her bewildered mind. Woll has she been compared to the bird who is tied by one leg to the earth by a tether which is all too short. Happy she if she reach the age of 50 fresh enough to practise for pleasure the arts which sho once fondly hoped to pursue for fame. It UBed to be asserted, and even now it is sometimes believed, that women have no capacity for really high art. Mr. Howells makes his clever Alma Leighton say that women as a sex can never accomplish anything because they " keep all their appointments and fulfil all their duties just as though thoy didn't know anything about art." " Dutiolatry," to quote from Mr. Howells, is the crowning and most deeply ingrained characteristic of the womanly nature. ' The parable of the talents is responsible for many of the eccentricities of brilliant women. They have" seen more plainly the duty of developing their own natures than that of fulfilling their marriage eontract. A marriage contract for a woman means the care of a home. It she is not prepared to make everything subservient to that, she should remain a spinster, and remember that " what ensnares the heart will maim the hand." In short, the married woman should print in a conspicuous place upon her walls these noble words of Phillips Brooks: "Surely I may claim my right to be glad and proud that the great singers are singing, though my ears are dull to music ; and that tho great sculptors are carving, even though my soul does not respond to art ; and that the great statesmen are ruling, though my quiet life seems to be lived entirely outside the region of their grand ideas. They are mine and I am theirs." And yet let the spinsters beware of too violent triumphing over their vanquished sisters. Let them read the exquisite story of Cupid and Psyche, as Walter Pater has told it in his " Marius." But the married woman will wish them god- speed, and rejoice in their successes. She will wonder and admire at their learned disserta- tions upon " the Thusness of the Therefore and the Thatness of the Thence," for she knows that they are wonderfully clever, and she will do all that she can to clear the track before them. This is the epoch of the spinster. 