UNDER THE GREAT SEAL. BY JOSEPH IIATTON. CHAPTER XVIII.— CoN'TisiTKn. .Not oven the romantic and fiery Scotch man's bitterest enemy could have invented tlio Had and dreary circumstances under which lie came to seek the shelter of this rock-iirolnntnil. and in winter, ice-blocked harbor of Wilderness Greek. His hrat# daring act of reckless courage and loving devotion after the sanguinary vengeance lie aiul his comrades had taken upon the Anne of Dartmouth, was to seek the new settle ment of Heart's Content. At a point or two beyond the neck of land which had run out into tho sea like a sheltering arm of comfort to Hearts Delight, Keith had landed in the disguise of his stubble beard and haggard face, sup plemented witii sonic strange garments found on board Ristaok's ship, aiul had made his way to Back Day Valley, only to find his worst fears fulfilled. He stood on the fringe of tho little cemetery that had been marked out by reverent hands to .witness its inauguration with all that re mained of the sweet and angelic woman who had blessed him with her wifely com panionship, and was the mother of his infant son. lie knew, tho moment he set foot in the new settlement, that the coffin covered with wild flowors that rested by an open grave enshrouded the woman of all others in the world whom it seemed to him tlio Almighty might have spared, not for liirn alone, but for the good ot all creation, to he a light of sweet and blessed piety, an example of charity and love— too good and beautiful lie knew for so worldly and coarse a comrade as himself, but one whom lie could worship as a type of ull that was heavenly, sweet, and true. And so he stood on the outskirts of the sorrowful crowd, aud joined, speechless, yet with all his aching heart and soul, in this holy service that Father Luvello read and chanted, and listened to his gracious and pathetic words of certain prophecy of bliss for her holy spirit. Alan did not murmur a single word ot prayer or hope, but tho tears fell down his sunken cheeks — heavy drops of bitter agony. He had not the heart to speak to a soul then or thereafter, but he allowed them to go away— his father-in-law., Plympton, tlio good priest, Pat Doolan, Sally, the nurse, and tue rest of his friends and companions. When nmht came ho crept to tho spot where they und laid her, and fell upon nis face in an agony of grief. " Oh, just Heaven 1 give licr back to me ! " he cried. "Mother of God, what hae I done to be sac aflliclcd !" The leaves rustled in the trees, and a night bird called to its mate. 14 Dear wife— sweet heart, if I could only havo held thee in my arms and said good-bye, a sina' mercy that, God knows !" Then he grovelled by the grave and prayed that ho might pass away there and end his woes for ever. When the dews of morning mingled their tears witli his ho kissed the wet earth that lay soft and tearful above her, and went his way. He was another man, not the chastened sinner, intent on making himself worthy to meet her in Heaven. All the good that was in him when her voice was heard in the land, and the light in her eyes seemed to make all tilings glad, fell away from him as he strode out for tho beach where his boat was lying. He was once more the avenger, bis soul tossed upon a sea of pas sion, as it was when on the deck of tho captured ship he hud sworn to make his crew rich with gold and silver, and his own life ono of devilish reprisal for the ills that tyranny and misfortune hud heaped upon him, always provided—and this was a sort of Jesuitical reservation — that God would spare . Hannah to him, and make her days happy in his love. No prayer of his or of the priest's, no sup plication of Hannah's, had been vouchsafed any other answer than such ns the iicud him self might have made; and henceforth he would repay evil with evil. The soul of Nero hau entered his bosom, untcinpcrcd even by one single thought of his child. It was strange that his love for Hannah should not have made him keenly sensible of that legacy of her love; but losing her, the great world of good was a blank. A natural sympathy with religious hopes and fears might have made him thoughtful of tho things chat Hannah might havo liked him to do had she been able to guide him with her tender thoughts and human aspira tions. Put it was us if Iho devil had taken possession of him. Had Father Lavello, an unusually enlightened priest for tlm.se days, been eonsuUed upon Keith's stale of mind he would have proceeded to exorcise the fiend that had entered into tho body of his otherwise honest ami manly parishioner at Heart's Content. Keith luiu given Hack- bay Valley this name of happy augury, but it cast no sunny light upon nis soul; it only breathed to him of tho direst misfortune on account of which, in his madness, he con ceived himself entitled to the direst ven geance even upon these who had had no hand in the misery that had befallen him. Without a word to any living soul, he left the ncwinade grave and strode away to the rendezvous where his boat awaited him. Plympton would hardly have known l>is familiar friend had lie met him bending Ids way along unaccustomed forest paths, break ing through tangled jungle, now bursting out upon stretches of open shore and shingle, a gaunt giant, pressing forward on some tre mendous mission. Pride in an angel made the first devil. Unrequited love has changed gentle j»atn res to bloody murderers. Misfortune will make a hell of a veritable paradise. Injus tice and misfortune, twin spoilers of liappv homes, had turned all that was great and good and pure in Alan Keith's nature to gall and wormwood to sour and bitter, to devilry and debauch. Nob alone under the curac of the Fishing Admirals, but under the vengeful action ot Alan Keith, both Heart's Delight and Heart's Content became a desolation of Justice and Revenge. Troops from the garrison of St. John's marched upon Heart's Content and took away David Plympton, Patrick Doolan, und three other settlers on charges of high treason. They were put on board a war ship that had come round in defence of tho fisheries to be met with tlio tokens of revolt that Heart's Delight and tho Uuar-Admiral of the Fishing Fleet had found in the mutilated bodies of Ristack and Ruddock, grim and ghastly lodgers in the ooze that rankled round the piles of Plympton's boat- house and fish-stage. The settlement of Heart's Delight being already broken up, its humble homes in ruins, the Governor of St. John's, stimulated by the hope of distinction and reward, concluded to root out the settle-' ment whose traitorous founders bad been known to express sympathy with the re bellious colonists, and who were suspected 011 reliable evidence of leaguing with the mutineers of the Anno of Uartmomh. The disappearance of John Preedie, the Pastern man, Damian, the dwarf, Dick, the builder, and others, the most resolute of the men of Heart's Delight, was a suilicient vindication of the action of St. John's. It was in many ways an historic and tragic season, the fishing that last saw lite Admirals in full and uncontrolled authority of tho coasts and settlements of Newfoundland ; for spite of watchful cruisers, which had plenty lo do to hold the English commerce of tho sous from the ravages of hostile ileots, tlio Pioneer and her consort, with his Hoar- Admiral's ensign Hying, were captured and burnt, the light of their oily cargoes, the fiery flakes of their flaming ropes and tackle, illuminating the desolated shores of Heart's Delight. The crows, stripped of everything they possessed, were allowed to put oil' in boats, unarmed and unprovisioned, all except tho Rear- Admiral of the Fleet, who was hauged at his own yard-arm, where he swung to and fro in the fire until he fell u crackling mass into the sea. But tho booty which Alan Keith promised his comrades had yet to come, and come it did with startling rapidity. He was no in spector of nationalities; lie was a Yankee when it pleased his fancy, and a Britisher when most he honored a foreign foe. Tho ship in which lie achieved his greatest vic tories, or, 'as the Home Government would havo described his worst outrages, was the St. Dennis, a French sloop of war of 30 guns. The capture was made a few leagues away from the northernmost point of Labrador. Tho Avenger, in response to the Frenchman's salute, hoisted the stars aud stripes. The Frenchman put oil a boat, and invited tin? Yaukee to come aboard. Alan Keith accepted the invitation. He related something of his grievance against the mother-country, and showed the papers with which Plympton hud en trusted Preedie. Tito Frenchman was hilarious over the successes he had already won at sea in attacks on British commerce, and Alan Keith gave vent to his aspirations for the freedom of the colonies, and his glory in the new flag of liberty. Furthermore, Alan spoke of his capture and burning of the fishing ships, and the Frenchman explained aud advocated the rightful claims of his country to ull the fishing grounds of New foundland, and to the entire island itself. Keith found it rather difficult to sympathise with his host in regard to the French pre tensions to Newfoundland, having listened to many a gallant yarn of Plympton's in which French attacks had been gloriously defeated against overwhelming odds. Never theless, he drank the ship's wine, praised her prowess, and expressed a hope that France and America would divide between them the great new world. One of tho Frenchman's prizes was u Bristol merchantman, fairly armed and con sidered safe to hold her own, having on hoard considerable treasures of gold and precious stones; but in an evil hour she had been compelled to ship a fresh crew in a foreign port who had not_ the courage- of Western inon in fuoo of opitcfid odds and powerful guns ; and so tho best of her cargo was on board tho Frenchman. When Alan Keith returned to the Avenger ho held a council of war and strategy and laid before his ollicers and men a plan of surprise which should give them not only bootv hut a new ship with which they might hope' to' meet a cert ain British vessel reported by a Yankee scout to lie <»n her way with specie to pay her t roops at t'ostoh. ... The captain of the Frenchman accepted ! i the return coiute.;y of the rebel, ami it was' ; agreed that the two ships should cruise in ' company and support each other in any ! operation that might make such alliaueo desirable. lveil.il hud no sentiment about tlio sacred rights of hospitality, k. mattered nothing to him that he had broken bread with the Frenchman, the Frenchman with him ; ull was fair or foul, he eared not which so that lie achieved his end. Indeed, he did not Stop to consider what, was few or foul in love or war; and lie hail infused thn same devilish spirit into his men. it blew a gale the next v, and Keith allowed his ship to get into t ifieulties. She would not answer her helm. Jho 1 clmsiuan took care that film should u . t, exc lit to let her drift upon the Frenchman in si» li a >vav that the bomnn and rigging of the two vessels became suilicienUy entangled for carrying out the infamous plot of the English com mander. When the Frenchman was most engaged in helping his alley, Keith's crew, armed to the teeth, suddenly sprang upon the unsuspecting Frenchman's deck, and almost without a blow made prizo of the rich and splendidly equipped cruiser. Dismantling his own guns, removing .finch-: stores as might he useful on the Prize, crip pling the Avenger either for oll'eiice or de fence, the foreigners were transferred to tho now discarded ship, on board of- -which Ad miral ItiMaek had railed into the peaceful harbor of Heart's Delight. . . The change from one ship to t lie other, was not made, without some trouble, not to uay . danger, for the inen1(of the >St. Dennis far outnumbered .those of iho Avenger, a.nd-in tiie midst of the operation tho outlook announced 44 a strange sail," aiid in hi -next breath pronounced her 44a three docker." Keith Look the glass himself and endorsed the correctness of the lookout's vision; "Noomylnds cast off the Mossoos. Isp that the last boat I" 44 Aye, ayo, sir." "Let her go." 14 She's away, .sir," was the answer, as fchp Avenger's whale boat plunged into tins foatn and made for the Avenger that was; lving-to somewhat uncomfortably, the winu still blowing half a gale. " Noo Scot," .ihouted Alan, " sec il tho Frenchman understands yo oh. well as .the - ship yo've just left. Hard up with your helm ! We'll show tlio stranger a clean pair o' heels. She carries a real old British Vice-Admiral's flag, and has three rowri of teeth just as angry as a shark's. Head, up, man! What ails yo? Now, Nieol, my son, all hands, pack on all sail ! From royal to stunsail. Handy man ! ' It's cursed strungo if 7i French cruiser doesna answer her helm when its to run before the foe I That's it. Cheerily my lads, ami now for .Wilderness Creek, with extra grog and a division of- booty f' Tho Avenger slopped up and down in tho foaming waters, waiting to sec the eaptureof their treacherous enemy, and tlio great mountainous Britisher came on under _ a heavy pressure of canvas on licr trip of in- fpiiry and liiveatigaliom Alan Kcilh hud not deigned Lo answer her signals; jio had made up his mind lo get away from her. 44 it's no dishonor, lads," lie said, 44 toshow this Vicc-Admiral our stern, all the mair that we dinua. yet understand our French lassie's ways. Lads, she's coming down upon us ; we'll barely clear her broadside if she delivers it. Ah, ah, he kens we'll doit!" And they did, for the mighty hail of lead hurled past them. For a moment it seemed as if the St. Dennis had caught herself tho scent of danger and wan willing Lo escape. The next moment handing before the wind that filled every sail she fairly hounded over Llie waves, Jicr course dead on toward: Pro montory Roc!:. The warship gave ehaso and sent a flying shot or two in the wake of the cruiser to keep the game alive, but, the -St. Dennis gradually drew out of range. Then the enemy mamcuvred smartly for so large a vessel to come by the wind and lay the retreating ship once more under her guns, evidently expecting the St. Dennis to change licr course, which otherwise must land her upon the rocks of Labrador. Severn! of Keith's own men in whispers qucsLioncd the wisdom oi trying to make Wilderness Creek in such a ua!e. They had made their first entrance through tho rocky waterways in iiiie weather. The danger was HUlIici'cntly apparent, then, but now, with (he clouds ho heavy that it was difficult to say which was sea ami which sky, aud .with a ship that was new to them, even Donald Nieol questioned the wifidr m ol his chief in steering for Wilderness Creek. 44 Better die fighting our ship than broken to bits on the rocks," said Nieol. Keith heard the remark. Il was intended for him. He paid no attention Lo it. Whilo ho issued his orders as calmly as if ho were piloting a yacht on a calm and sunny lake, lie' watched intently the chasing ship. 44 She leaves us to our fine," he said presently to j'reedio, who stood by his side. 4Ah, ail! my lads, she quits the chase! T»y the honor <»' S>on»ie .Scotland, if she'd raked us once we'd been lost !" The commander of the throe-decker was not to be tempted beyond the line of safe navigation. jit: lay to and watched the cruiser as she pelted on her way to what nob he alone, but safer mariners on board tho Hying ship regarded as her sure and unavoid able destruction. CHAPTER XTX.— -Tin-: Mysteries. ok \V i i,dkkn ess Creek. Apart from the natural dangers of that part; of the coast which was dominated by Demon's TLoek, mariners hurl other reasons for giving the waters of Wilderness Creek a wide berth. Grim and forbidding as are the thouruml milc.-i of the Atlantic coast, of Labrador, the region which included Nas- quappc and Wilderness Creek was a concen tration of its horrors. During countless ages the frosts and storms of winter, like untiring sculptors, have been carving the roeka into fantastic shapes, nowhere more strange and weird than where they guard the navigable current that Keith had dis covered. Borne on the winds from ibis area of Nas- quappo, tho Creek, and Demon's Rock, sailors ofV Labrador heard in the air, und on the tops about the masts, a great clamor of voices, confused and mixed, such us you may hear from a crowd at a fair or m a market-place : whereupon (boy knew that the Island of Demons was not far av ay. In the old charts it is marked with devils ram pant, having horns and tails. Tho sailors ol those flays had woeful pri vileges that do not belong to their. successors. 'They bad seen the Flying Dutchman beating round Cape Jiorn. They had seen (be phan tom ship of the Cornish wrecker in cloudy squalls suiliug over sea aud land — the .Scotch 44 Moggie ol llie Shore," with her visions of spectral bonis that, were doomed, and Tho spectre ship of Salem, with tho dead men la hor shrouds, Sailing sheer above the water in the looming moving clouds. They had seen the demons of tho storm, tho mermaid with h«r comb and glass, the sea serpent with his fiery eyes. They had spoken dead men's ghosts. Willi the legends of the Labrador coast they mixed stories that were half the truth and t radii ions thai hold their place in poetry and romance. Whitlii r, the American poet, tells of a phantom ship which manners a hundred ycuts ago would hwcuf to. The vonng captain of the schooner visited tho Labrador coast, where, in a secluded bay, lived two beautiful sisters with their Catholic uiother. Both fell in love with the hand some skipper, who, however, was devoted to the younger of the two. She was shut up in her room by the mother just at the moment v. hen she had arranged to meet, her lover ami fly with him. Her elder sister, profiting by her absence, went in her place and was car ried out lo sea in the skipper's vessel. On learning the deception that had been prac tised upon him lie returned to find his sweetheart dead, and no more in life was seen of the skipper or his ship. Bat even vet at Sevcn-lslo Bay lu told Liu: gllil'M lv talc Of u weird, un qioivcn sail. .She llils bef.'iv no earthly blast, With llie red sign tlntierimr from hor lunat, The ghost m" the .schooner Breeze. A noted legend of the adjacent Bcllo Tslo was told in foYastlc yarns in lire days of which 1 am speaking. How Koberval hud put on shore from Ids fleet tho Lady Mar guerite, niece of the then Viceroy of New France, and her lover, whose contluct hud scandalised him during the voyage out from homo. He selected for their punishment the Island of Demons. Here llie unliapny pair were, attacked by the fiends. Tho sailors could tell you how many of tliein there were, and the particular foimsof tlicir horns and tails, ami the horrid grin of their fiery jaws ; and they could loll you of tho whiteness and purity of the hand of saints t hat came to the aid of tho penitent lovers. But even these heaven-sent messengers-could not save the father nor the child ; both died within a few rlay.s, leaving the Lady Mar- guerito alone in (he terrible wilderness. Cue day the smoke of a lire attracted .some fisher men on a bright, calm day ; they ventured to land on I, lu: haunt ed island, and there (buy found the unhappy woman, and rescued her niter she had lived among the fiends of Demons' Isle for upwards of two years,- (To he continued.) 