WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs H. H. Jennings l'ves at No. 211 Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Perron boards [?] is an old one, hut in grind order. One night early in December (1S9I) the trvo women looked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlor. At about half-past 11 they re turned, and entered the house laughing nnd talkiug. But as they went into the parlor the merry humor died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his f«CB was concealed by a ma»k, his eyes gleaming through the eye holes in it. His shirt sleaves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled scream ing from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlor, and all the doors and windows securely looked. What was it the women saw ? “ During a recent period of ill-health,” writes an American friend, “I bail slept badly for several suocessive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about 2 o’clock, I was suddenly aroused from a ih zs by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she wus leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a rail way disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it sva« a summons, nnd I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I’ve never seen it Bioce, nnd it's more than three years ago now.” No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there’s no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on von when your system is out of condition. In March, IS9O, it was that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokes, down, Hants, wrote us as follows:— "I tons so dreadfully nervous I could not bear any one in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away I case I Bhoukl call out for help. This was in June, ISS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the batter for having gone lo bed. There was often a severe pain in my head nnd over my eyes, nnd I was sick mo«t of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold ami dead. By-and by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my com plaint was, 1 took nothing hue liquid food, ami could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing hut skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully JI thought I should lose my senses, and my’ friends agreed that I would never get better. “I Imd given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what. I was taking. She told me ehe was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and ill three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now lam as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left; me.” The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion nnd dyspepsia and nervous pros tration. The original cause was grief nnd shock nt the violent death of her husband, by accident, nnd the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more nr less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts cme fiom the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel’e Syrup does its work the eyes aud ears entertain only what is natural aud wholesome. 