s LOWER FLOTS GREEK. (From our own Correspondent . The usual weekly dance look place Wt Friday, and as it was . a fine night there was a good attendance. On Saturday evening, the Children's Progress' Association -gave an entertainment, and as the lost gave so much satisfaction, there was a large and appreciative attendance of parents and friends. Master J: Onley acted as chairman. An overture .by Mïbb Annie Birkley, "The signal marchwas nicely rendered; a recitation, " The naughty gift," by Miss A. Crockett, was followed by a" fretty tableau "What are the wild waves saying ?" by Miss E. Reynolds and Master Bertie Onlcy. "The soldier's life" by MasterE. Quiggin was very well sung. A recitation " Only me," by Misa A Reynolds proved very amusing, and another vt>ry interesting tableau " There's rose without & thorn" by Misses Dunster, Birkley and Crockett and Mrsters Onley and Kossak,followed, '-The Little Mouse," was nicely recited by Master A. Quiggan, and a song by Miss 15\. Wallace was applauded. A very touching tableau was well shown, entitled " Tbe Drunkard's Home," by the Misses Danster, E. Williams and Masters J. Onley and Kosaak, after which ** The Greedy Little Girl," was recited bv Miss E. Williams. A song,'*? Let Us Help Jon .to- Tbe'Twb aLittfe • SO*er«!gi^,î ÇMa>.t^r tjaigsiu aurKt&g;, an! M<«s A. Cam&elJ; as Queen) acted their parts very nicely. After an interval the second part of tbeprograniQie opened with a piano solo, The Kaust V-ilse," by Miss M. uunster, very correctly played. Mr Dunster sang hin ever amusiu<r song, M Perhaps She'd on the R-ulw.-ty.'' with his U'U d spirit. A tableau, " Innocence," by Miiw A. Reynolds was. very go»!, and was followed by a recitation, " Grandpapa'* Spectacles," Mis* M. D-mater. Another pleasing tableau, 11 Morning and Night,-'- by Misaes Dunster and Helen Birkley, was next gone through. -Miss E, Dunster nieely recited K Betsy and I are Out." and " The Ghost " by the Quiggin Bros., caused gre it fun. -Miss N. Reynolds recited " The Ship on Fire," with good effect, after which a song, '' Then and Now," was given by Mi«s Dunster. A recitation, 3p«ak not harshly," was well given by Master J. Nixon, aad " Oh, would you hear a little band," by the progress boys was very well sung indeed, after which Mast -r Onley pleasingly recited, " Same Mother's Child." A very laughable shadow pantomime wound up a capital evening's entertainment, ia which the children acquitteJ themselves remarkably well, and do great credit to Mrs Dunster, who has taken such pains with them. Friends are requestedto look out for the next performance, when some nevelties will de provided. A meeting of the Mechanios' Institute took place on Tuesday evening, and it was resolved to hold a ball a»d get up a race meeting for the benefit of the Institute. Particulars will be advertised shortly. Mr David Wilson has jast returned from a prolonged tour in France, Denmark, and Sweeden, during which be inspected the dairy appliances and method* employed in these countries. Daring hig stay in London Mr Wilson has resided at Wood's Hotel, in Fnrnival's Inn, and here he was found on his J. return. Mr Wilson speaks very highly of the admirable mechanical and scientific utensils and methods employed in s, . these' Continental dairies, especially so , of De Laval's butter—fat tester. An agent for the sale of these machines is now in Australia. What surprised Mr Wilson more than anything else in Sweeden was the discovery that all their milk and craam for botter-iuakiig purposed was heated to a temperature of I70deg. Fahienheit previous to being cooled down to the ordinary temperature for churning. He and all other authorities hare hitherto recommended that •either milk nor cream should ever be allcwed to reach a higher temperature than 65 to 70 degrees Fahr. Now, however, be is quite convinced of the sujwrior quality of butter produced by this purpose. The new system of cream fermentation, which be expected to find a success, was .discovered to be a failure, and all the scientific authorities have condemned it. You can see any day in thé streets of any city men who look damaged— men, too, of good original material, who started out in life with generous aspirations. Once it was said they were bright, promising lads ; once they looked happily into the faces of mothers whose dally breath was a prayer for their purity and peace. Going to the bad I The spell of evil companionship ; the willingness to hold and use money not, honestly gained - the sfcealfchy, seductive-, .pla&sable; advance of the appetite for strong drink ; the treacherous fascination of he gambling table ; the gradual loss of interest in business and in things which build a man up; the rapid weakening of the whole body ; a depletion of the general strength and vitality ; the struggle for existence and the worry and turmoil of life, breaks up the vital strength and. hurries many a man into an untimely grave. First symptoms are numerous —headaches, nervousness, failure of appstite and indigestion, and various othersgns. All are forerunners.""of somè ' - impending seiious, t -physical complication. Becourse ii&d; to a rational medicament such as Clements Tonic always removes all signs of diseases, restores the action of every impaired organ, increases the appetite and aids digestion, thus ensuring a healthy organism, and granting the afflicted a new lease of life. Sceptics may scoff anchdoabfc, hut when local evidence is given it must prove the truth, no matter how biassed a mind may be ; for instance, Mrs Y. Knight, Miepoll S., near Enroa, who writes : —It is with great pleasure I forward you this testimony. I was suffering for over three years from neuralia, toothache and pains in the head, which were said to arise from poverty of the blood. I tried doctors' medicines and many patent medicines, but none seemed to do me any good. Having read of the wonderful cures effected by Cléments Tonic, I determined to -give it a fair trial. After taking two bottles I found my health greatly improved. I have taken about six bottles, and can safely say Î never enjoyed better health than I do now. I nearly always keep a bottle of Clements Tonic in the house ; whenever - 1 feel any aches or pains a few doses quite relieve me. Ton can make . whatever use you like of litis.—I remain, dear sir, yours respectfully, TfictoriaJCnight, Miepoll South, near £ozoa, Victoria. 