CHAPTER 111. A rot ttUNT. The native sattllesto t of Ilaketu, on the liay of Plenty, T.luranga, consisted of about lifty wharves, the walls and the roof being built of a thick s:ubstance called Ki Ki, which is manufactured from the native flax, and is impervious to the lierce and constant winter rains. These huts are scattered over a line patch of clearing about three hundred acres in extent, and sheltered by the Tonga Peak MoUntain. The place awarmed with dogs of al. most every kinl of mongrel; and the pack came barking and snarling round the hells of our two friends, Ilowe and Vane, as they made their way through the village the morning following the events of our last chapter. To Iluunna, the Muaori chieftain, camn forth to meet themt, clad in his hunting toga of brown mica Ilax, his head adorned with a large tllho feather. The Maori was surrounded by twentyof his warriors, all ready armed for the fray. Tauranga saarms with wild pigs, and a plg hunt is a favorite pastime with the Manri when he is not at war with his neighbors or the Pakehal. The native uses neither horse nor hound in this pastime ; indeed, the rocky coun try where the parkers are mostly found, will not admit of it. All that is required are sound lungs and a swift pair of heels. After partaking of the chief's hospi tality, which was not Imuch t the taste of the young men, the party, with several dogs, headed for Tonga Peak, whereganme was to be had in plentty. 'l'emplel Vane and his companion were both armed with a double-barreiled rifle, and most of the Mlaories carried fuwling pieces. It proved no child's play toiling utp the at ;ep side of tl.o mountain. where there was no regular path, save that made by the Maories with their tomahawks. C:osO otn noon tile parly emerged upon a patch of thick scrubh, aId here the chief called a halt. Dividing his 111e11 into two divisions the M.aori dispatched otto part to the eastward, and turning to Vane and Hfowo no pointed out a clump of gigantic kauri pines, and galw word to a?,aov, As wre drcw near the snot indicated the couintry surrounding becamo broken and irregular. Ihlgh kauri pine trees, some rising to a heigth of one hundred and sixty feet. grew almost side by side, with thick coils of the New Zealand creeucr supple js.ck-curled and entwined about their broad trunks oand branches, and descending thence to the ground again like ropes dangling from tile epars of a stranded ship. At length they entered a flat spaceo where the luderernsth wcas very rank and luxuriant. Here the chief halted, alld dir:ctcd iur two friends to accompany tro of hli men to a spot lower down. One of the warriors could speak a little English. " You know how to catch pig T' said he to l tore. " N, ; I have never taken part in a pig lhunt bafre." " Aih, P'.akeha soon see." lie dived r!ldelyr into a thick copse if ferns, and laying dolvn uponI his face, ega r'taking li s: ucresin ofll [grtunts and squeaks so Sim.tativly ,run toi the noires made by the p.rnciu species.; that Vane ilisl:ttlly ibrunghit his gI:i to his shoulder for a shot. The Maori laughed a queer noiseless laugh at the iP'.eha's muis aloe, and again repeated the sut:nd-. ' Pig, hlim sly fellow ; smell Pakeha," said the savage, with a grin. " Maori inoer sly than pig. Hlim no like Manri, not a little hit. Maorri find of pig." And hlie laughed again, but no sound fol lowed. Vane and lHowe crouched dotwn heside their swarthy comllanions for saoe timle, when gradually they became coegisant ofa low rustli'ng ound some distance away. 'TIhe Maori ceased his mimicry, and looked up with an intelligent glance. Presently the sondis urewr nearer, ac companied by hoarse runt:, and inl mediately live or six full groei n pigs, headed by a liere.-lookini boru with long lprojectin tuasks, came I runidirg forth, and. hreaking curver a the sight of the hunters, Iled swiftly out ilat tihe more open bushi land, and ill aline alost with tile chief an, Illis ilen. lere one of the ldogs broke frot the airty, and the frinightened pis, c:tchinllg sight of lim, wheeled half iound, and ecalmpered away ill arothelr direction. Tally-hoi! The chase began. Pakehas, Maurics, and dogs were in full cry. Over falleu log-, and over deep creeks ald gullies wenllt the ?rlne, screamirlg with rage anl fright. T'?,. dogs, with gaping mlouths, stretched td'niselves out after their prey ; while the frlaories, in frantic delizht, leaped high in tshe air, uttering their terrible battle cry, their features distorted, and clearing space with their tomiahawks at every bound. Tally-ho ! over boulders, massive a:id farntastic in shape, anld standin:g like huge giants to bar the pursuers courase; over sharp jutting rocks and rcross deep chaslms, where one falds stepl would have been sudden death. llaori and l'akelha runriing and shouting, yelling and laugh ing, their breath going and coming ir shtrt gasps, each is striving wilt shall hbe first in tlhe exciting race. Tally-hio! through swamrns and bog went tile grunters for dear life, their long snouts covered with foamu, their hair bristling like quills upon the fretful por clupin. The swiftest dog was within a few feet of the i'inlerno.st piorker when tihe boar turned at bay, and with one sweep of his sharp tusks inflicted ta wound which totally (isabled the poor brute. Oreward yet ! Thi chase is now giing at a slower rate, and the dogs are fast gaining on their pray. To lhnima is lead ing the vanr, anid enolae to have plenty of "stay " in him yet; Vane is next, strug gling like asecontd Deetfoot for the lead ; honwa is half a mile away in tihe rear, pufnin, and blowing like a whale, aind gesticulating like a mlladman. Tally- ho! A Maori pig lhunt is a fime thing to test the soundness of one's hrtwes. At the bottom of a d.eep ravine the pigs were run down, antd the linal struggle be tween theml anrd the tiogo took place. )tioe courageous brute, a large dinio, seized the boar by the throat, anl inl spite of several wolunds held on to his prey untilTo linma camen up, who. with onte blow tof his keen tomahawk, split :ho boar's skull int tiain. An,,ther tdog caught a porker by the ear, anld there hohlt him until ie wais secured and linaily despatehtd by one of tile M.niries. A line plump pig tried to hide itself behind a mass of rock that opened out to, the hill abosve, but Temple Vane Ibrought hun down with a clever shot that won the goodwill of the chieftain,. After the pigs had been despatehed the Maories bled and dragged them to the creek close by, where they were thorough ly clanseld. The butchering then b-gan, and Howe noticed the NMaories carefully exanlined thle liver of each pig. Ile enquired the cause, and was inrformed that a lilthy disease is prevalent amonlg the wild pigs of the Northern Island, and that the only way of detecting those diseased is by sulidry white spots over the surface of the liver. A great crowd awaited us at the Maori village on our return with the game. Toe Iunna insisted on Vano and his com panion dining with him off the spoil, and remaininrg with himu at thi ll1ip,m that night. To give the dirnner more tLoe the chieftain sent an invitatlionl to the mission ary of the place-Ilasker Bell- who jnined the party furtlhwithl, togetler with hIis assistant, Burke Brady by ii:nne, amid tle smallest, yet, wi:hal, the n crriest and most antic sprite for an adult in the coliony. His brogue swar most refirshine, and his stories both original and laugh. able ih tile ertreme. This comical little joker kept the coni pany ill excellent humor until the small hours of morningr , andl when it was day he prrmposed to soow our frietds the Hot Sprinrgs in thle vieinitr. The offer was accepted by our tnwo friends, who, after ;they had indulged in the luxury oia plunge ilto tile river and had breakfasted, started offt tio Orak Hini on foot, accompanied by Burke Brady, who acted as guide, togetlher with Mr Bell and Te IIunna. A dense fog lay upon the Waikato as they started; they had several miles to wanlk, biut before they had comspleted theirjourney the thick mist had vamilshed beneath the beams of the sun, and inow, what a sight. In EWitt COuirs, funrming r.pids after rapids, the Waikato was plunging through a deep valley hetwcen steep rising mnountains; its lolds..whrvlirl iig and foamhig rriound two small rocky islards i, thIe middle of the river, were dashinrg with a lord uproar through tIle delile of the valley. Along its banks white clouds of steam were ascendini frolli hot cascides fallinrg inlto the river. and from basins full of boiling water shut in by a i hite mass of stone. Yonder a stetniing fiourn:ain was riisng anid falling ; now th, ru sprangs frLm ianJother place a secound fouttaini; this also ceased iti its tmn; tu:es two colu-i menced playing sinultaneoisly, one ~r low at the river bank, and thIe other op ponitf upona s rnro., And thus th? play continued with endless clanges, as though experiments were being made with grand waterworks to see whether the waterfalls had a sufficient supply. HIowe began to count the places where a boiling water basin was visible, or where a cloud of steam indicated the existence of such, but they became so intermingled within his vision that Ihe was unable to survey them accuratelvy Tie region of springs extends along the river a distance of about a mile on both banks, the larger portion of them being situated soon the right bank. It is, however, dillicult of access, since tlhe rapid stream cannot be passed close by the springs themselves, but only far above or below, and thenit would be necessary to clibth along the steep eliping river banks, covered with dense undergrowth, where the traveller, upon a soil totally noftened by htot vapour.s, would be every nmoment in danger of sinking into boiling smud. The party were obliged to content themselves with a closer inspection of tirhe sprinog situated on the left river hank. Tee largzest is called by the natives Pui.-TTe-Mtut:i, and is close by thile bank of the river. Tihe tmanener in which th 'y practically experienced the intermittent pIroperties of this fountain plroves sufitcienitly how lmuch caution is tneessary in altpproaclhng such sprinsiS for the first tilme. Burke Brady, disdaining the warning of Mr Bell, and wishiig to enjoy the luxury sof a bath, plunged into the stream, when suddenly loud detonations were heard, and they saw the water mat:dly boiling lip in a basin .laose by. Ir.ily star:ed back ag;ain in terror, and gained te bantik just in time to escape a shower bath of boiling water, for tnow, amnid hissitng and roaring, a ste'amting water columisn was being ejected from the basin in a slanting direc tion, and to the height of about twenty feet- When the sho:wer had subsided we stepped ttp to the basin and found it etlpty, and were able to look down to a depth of eight feet into a funnel shaped, gradually contracting aperture, front which steam escaped with a hissing noise. Gradually the water rose again, uand after the lapse of a feo minutes the second eruption took place. Orakhini proved very interesting to them, apart from the many material curies in its neighborhood. Through the intluence of MIr Bell and Te hlunna, they had an ollpporttnity of witnessing the Maorick at work, itakitig rugs and mats. The ll.x llant grows most abundantly in every part of the Waikato. To tihe native it has proved the most useful plant in the whole vegetable kingdom, both socially and pectniarly; from it the Maori builds and ornaments his whare, manufactures his clothing, and it is also one of the best paying cctttnodities of barter between hint and his Pakelha brother. Its growth is very rapid, the stalk shooting to a height of tell to twelve feet, the apex being crowned by pale yel low blossom, which has a pretty appear atnce while in flower. In a valley to the rear of the settlement we found the Maories employed on a pl;ntation of llax. lIl:e were a dozen dark forms of both sexes squatting in a clnster cutting down the broad blades; others were convrying it in Ilundles to a third party seated on the bank of the river; the latter were en:tgaed splitting thle leaf antd stripping lff t to inner fibre with mussel shells-a rather peculiar and dexterously managed process, almott impossible for any but the Maorica themselves to execute with sue cess. The fibre produced from the leaf is white in color, atnd is remarkably s ft and silk-Ike to the touch. liurke Brady took a leaf of it to make a whip for a Maori child ; he cut it across, and then stripped off the intner fibre by merely pressing the end of his thumsb along it. i The missionary informed them that the soft substanco thus produced is called Itmuka, and when dried antl assorted is used in mtaking the most luxurious mats and native apparel. "' But you shall see them at work in the KItitaka wshare," said lie, leading the way to a Ing shed sitn ated on the rising ground abvoe the slix bash. This building was cuose upon a hundred feet long, with a corresponding widlth, and cittainet: amtout lifty native women and girl in groups tof five anti six, ibusly employeid in the various stages of rug Imlaking. hI re were a grouIp plattinig the ut'rerrt, a very citnon itn at, only used as ftiorclthi. Tihe material n-ed was corn pose'd of uiscraperi ltax split into narrow handis and closely woven togetheor. WVhen linished it preselie Ia lvos sy straw-hike appearsace. T'eey also make the rltwhole ipar.lphernalia of plates andI dishes in use at tile Ilaps out of the s:ttte substacure. The next party were etnga.gedt on the kIoro. This was mtauufauetre: with scraped flax, tihe machine used for tie process so:noewhllt resetmbling a harp After it caute fromt Is.ig rude appliance the onat was orsnatentei with various dyedi tag. Tito dyes of dilifrentcolors are obtainled with little trouble from tihe bark of trees in the vicinity. "The rug tmat most valued by the Maories," said the missionary, 'is the Kaili." Thiss is woven of the very lifinest white mnc:s, and is not sullied by any tag or otrnamentt, except a border abouta foot in width of a diferent color. Thie hurder is black asa rule, cxc.ept when the sets of parallel zigzag lines and the spaces be tween thenl are left white, tllus forming a beautiful article. Speaking a few words in the Mari lansiu.ge to a grey-headed old chief who accomp;aied lthemn, MIr Iell ctnducted thenl so a ti.ur of shelves. screened by thick tats, at thIe oither end of thre whare. lere were piled up costly rugs nrd dresses, fancy articles in Iat ting, and ia hIost of brillshant colored trifles intended for the Aueklans It srket. The chief unfolded ote splendid rug that es ipeciallyattracted their attesn.iunu. It was as large au otie of ulsr railyaty wrappers, ldyed black, qnd vwiitl soft veeat Ihke shade, its tlly oruameant a wihite circle it the centre, aboult the siZo' of a diner plate. ifowe held it in his :lhnds aitmtir ag its beauty, when bIradr, whlo wa stsstding at his side, seized Ihoild f it. and throwing it over hIis puny form, strinde tmtjestically up and down thie ehed like a stage king. The 31anories, a.ls ai rule, rarely indulge in laughter, but thie antics of this lively comrade set them clhuckling fromn left to right. "Arrah l woulns't I make a party monar ch. widt a tlhris, of gol, to sit ont. anl a togay like this about lme, an' all tise natives of the WValkatu for sqy sutlj:ts, for by the qlhole of those hissies here for ls' wives, oh ?" erclaimed hrady, with a brnad grtls wrinklilsg hlia rough face Froms brow to chin, antd atrutting to assd fro after the nltannetr of a peacock with out sproud tail. Mir Bell tried to look grave, but couldn't manatge it, and so, fell to nlaugh ing ustil he was anosit cotvulsel. "Trothll, I'd be a smirry king, mai Ibouchal I"' continued Brady, with just the ghost of petit tpi rovguerv gleaunintg fromu hIis eyes. I'd bundle siomi, of tiemn spal peas away down ti, the city of Auklasnd frrai cansoe full of whisky, ips' ti' h fust blaceku:rd that gave is befors e he emptied the third bottle, hegora l'd sentence him to marry the ugliest ould hyena about the plIoo.,-ToPQ O ITmP , M89 