CHAPTER XII. MOTHER AND DAUGHTER. : Soon after breakfast Hinchley and Laurence rode over to a neighbouring town upon some business for Mr., Waring, leaving the two ladies alone. Miss Chase and Margaret still sat in the breakfast room, the latter pretend ing to read the paper from very weari ness and disinclination to tali, while Sybil had some embroidery in her hand, and, under .cover of that employ ment, watched her companion with keen scrutiny. " I am seized with a fever," she ex claimed suddenly. Margaret looked up and smiled a little "What is the name of it?" she asked. "One common enough tons poor, weak women—I want a new spring dress. If it were not for leaving you alone, I am inclined to run into town and make a purchase." "Do not let me detain you," re turned Margaret, feeling so ill at ease with herself and every _ person, around her, that she was pleased with this pro-, spect of solitude. " I suppose the gentlemen will very soon return." " I am sure I do not know," she an swered, indifferently. " You will not feel lonely if I go ? " " Pray do not think me so foolish." "You know that I like to sit with you, Miss Waring." " But to-day go to town and shop if the mania has taken possession of you. By the way, if you see any pink organdy, you may purchase it for me, and leave it at Mrs. Forrest's to be made up. I remember now, a new dress is the very thing I want." "I had better dress at once; let me see, the train starts at eleven. I shall be in town at two o'clock." " Oh, jeis; before, perhaps." "Hasfe you any other command?" she asked, pleasantly. "None, thank you; what a fine day you will have." "Oh, lovely; good morning." Margaret returned this farewell, and Miss Chase took her departure. There the unhappy girl remained, and let the hours float on while she gave herself up to a thousand bitter reflections. How the promise of her girlhood had cheated her! The affection which she had believed was to brighten all coming years, was rapidly fading from her life. While Margaret indulged in that mournful reverie, Sybil Chase was on her way to the city, smiling and pleas ant, affable to every one that came in her way, as she drove over to. the station. Cheerful and handsome she looked, sitting in the train, and being whirled rapidly along the pretty route on her way to town. She reached the city even earlier than she anticipated, and went about her errands at once, with her accus tomed straightforwardness. When she bad completed her pur chases, Miss Chase took her way to a retired and somewhat .unpleasant part of the town. She had her veil drawn, and hurried quickly along as if anxious not to be observed by any chance or other acquaintance. She stopped before a decent-looking' tenement-house, ascended the steps, glanced about with her usual caution to see that no ppe was watching her, and entered the hall. She mounted the weary staircase, which appeared inter minable, passed through several dark entries, and at length knocked at one of the doors which opened into a pas sage nearest the roof. " Come in, can't you; the door is not locked" So Miss Chase turned the knob, opened the door, and entered a small, plainly- furnished room, bearing no evi dence of £he extreme poverty which oftentimes makes £he tepejjjenf-bojise so dreary, A woman was seated near the little window, in a stiff-back .chair, "So you've come,""was her only salutation. " Yes; did you expect me?" " I expected you three days ago." " I was constantly occupied; it was ixu^Qss^ble fqr me to get bere." : "itau negd not lie," returned the' -woman, curtiy. ' ] ."I won1t,''iSaid Sybil, serene as ever. She seaied herself opposite the fe- j male, andruntied her bonnet-striugs. : j The woman looked keenly at lier, | and. a stfrahge sort of affectionate look j crept oyer, her wholfe face. 44You're brooding mischief,'' she, pronounced suddenly and emphatically, as lf'she tfOuld permit no contra-, diction. - -,,1!-What makes you think so ?" SyBil then.exclaimed. ' '"Cause ;"you grow. good-looking * when you: get the bright^ contented lookf I always know there's something in the wind.'' " You are very wise," replied Sybil, .evincing nor displeasure -at the accu sation. - •■"Yes,*! ain't blind ; I've generally kept my eyes open going through this •world.". : 'fThat is 4he only way, if ;one does not wish to run against the wall." " As ,you. Idid once," retorted the woman, with,a chuckle; 'fyou know you did that; cute as you think yoiir seif.w; ^ ' v ; Sybil Sid nbt answer, but shrugged her shoulderstslightly and gazed out of the window, occupied with her own re flections. " Now, don't act as if I was a log of wood/' said' the woman, fretfully. " There is nothing makes makes me so mad." " I was waiting to hear what you would say next" "What did you come for?" " To see you, of course. I came because I thought you: wanted some thing." " You should have brought me some money three .days ago. I hate to be behindhand with my rent" " Surely you ought to have enough for that; you know how little money I possess." . - ' " Fiddle-de-dee! Ask that Laurence for some." " I cannot do that You must see how impossible it is." " There is nothing impossible where money is concerned. ! But no matter, take your own way." " It is growing clear," said Sybil. *• Time it did; you've made mistakes enough." Sybil did. not appear desirous of pursuing the conversation. She took out her purse'arid counted several gold pieces into her palm, while the old woman watched her with covetous eyes. „ " That will serve you until I come again," she said, extending her hand. " That is safe," said the old woman, more complacently; the touch of the money had 'evidently mollified her feelings. " Now, let lis 'talk about something else—about jour plans, say." " I cannot answer your questions ; everything is dark yet—a few months will decide." " Don't you get careless, you know. " There is no fear of that ; I am not a child," . " No; and you have learned by the hardest means." " Do not ever speak of the past ; I can bury it now ; I have buried it!' " Well, it is a dead friend I guess you are not sorry to be rid of 1" Sybil looked white; her eyes had a strained, unnatural expression, and her bands clenched together with the old force and tightness. " It is all over—all over i" " Nothing to be afraid of I suppose, unless you believe in ghosts and such things." . * Sybil's face changed; she dropped her hands; the color came, back to her cheeks—she laughed outright, a defi ant, mocking laugh. " Not at all; no ghost will trouble me—not even his!" "Tell me a little how things go 99 on. The woman drew close to her visi tor and inclined her head to listen at tentively. She noted every word and move ment, while a bad expression crept over her face, until it seemed impossi ble that it should ever have looked comely or pleasant Sometimes she nodded approvingly; once she laughed outright Sybil put up her hand to check the merriment, which would have grated harshly upon a less well-attuned ear than hers. "I must go now; I shall not be back by dinner-time as it is," said SybiL " I should be there; there is much I could do," said the woman. " I know that, if you could only con trol your temper." "Never you fear me; I can do that easy enough if there is anything to be gained by it" *f One never knows what may hap pen. Always keep yourself in readi ness to obey my summons." " I could start at any moment." We shall be obliged to wait; an opportunity may arise by which I could introduce you to the house." " Make the opportunity. A smart woman can alwrays do th*t.'' " Ah, you have not my prudence." " I guess you learned it lately; but we won't quarrel. If I'm required I'll come." You would not care in what way; you would not mind the occupation "Bless you, noI'm,good at any thing—general housework, cooking ; it's all fish that comes to my basket" " Good-by !" said Sybil; " I shall miss the train if I stop another mo ment" The woman followed her to the door, gave some added parting ad vice? and watched her disappear down stairs. Then she returned to the room and get' about preparing herself a cup of tea, chuckling occasionally in q. sharp way, like a meditative macaw, lpgking go unpleasant the while that 9 timid individual-would have been reluct ant to remain alone in the room with he&j;—To be Continued S C 6 