THE MIDNIGHT IAERIA&E.; Adaptxd From till: Germa>: by Hem::? Mactstyri:. Zealand is attached on its north western side by & narrow, barren, sandy neck of land to a fertile peninsula, upon which stand several small and scattered villages. These, unitedly, iorm a single pansn. beyond tbe farthermost the country extends over a wild, desolate region of ever-sbifting sandhills, to the stormy Cattepat. Tn this dreary region there was formerly a 1 village called Rurwig, which stood back about a mile from the sea ; bat the quick sands undermined the village, and the fisher man reconstructed their cottages further from the shore. The church, which was erected upon a rocky eminence, now stands, mournful and solitary, surrounded by the ceaselessly moving desert. One night in the early halt of the last century the aged pastor of Rorwig sat in his dull, lonely chamber, wranped in nrofound meditation. It was nearly midnight. The house wbb situated at the end of the village, and the door, in common with every other in the place — for the honest fishermen knew nothing of either bolts or bars — was only secured by a simple latch. The lamp burned feebly, and the solemn silence was only broken by the hollow roar of the waves upon the shore. Suddenly the old man heard the door open, and the sound of footsteps upon the stairs. This caused him no ooncern, for he supposed that it would prove to be a summons to The death- bed of 6ome neighbor who needed spiritual consolation. Bat the good pa6tor was mistaken. As he looked up, two strangers, wrapped in light-colored cloaks, entered the room. The old man stared silently and affrightedly at the strange figures, which seemed, to his excited imagination, to have something ghost- like in their appearance. One of the two, advancing, said : " Sir, we require yeu to accompany us in- ; stantly to celebrate a marriage in yondrr church, where the bridal pair are impatiently awaiting you. This" — laying a well- filled purse npou the table — " will recompense you for yonr trouble at so awkward an boor.' When the old Lutheran paster had collected his thoughts sufficiently to reply, he began to remonstrate, and pointed out to the strangers that his sacred office did not permit him to perform the solemn rite of matrimony with out previous knowledge of the intentions of the parties concerned and those preliminary formalities which the law required. "That may possibly be," the second stranger imperatively interposed, " but you have your choice. Do as we command, and receive your reward, or refuse and He tappod the butt-end of a pistol wuh his hand. " You give mc no choice,' replied the clergyman, pale with terror ; and, rising, he threw on bis cloak and hat, and exclaimed : "I am ready to follow you, but I protest against this indecency and outrage. ' The two strangers had spoken in Danish, but in a manner which indicated that they were foreigners. Starting, they walked on quickly through the midnight stillness of the village, followed by the minister. It was a dark, moonless autumn night. When they arrived within sight of the church the clergyman saw that it was lighted up. Ee would have spoken, bat his guides, folded in their white cloaks, walked swiftly and silently forward, and he wearily and thoughtfully followed them. Wbon thetrio reached the church a bandage was fastened over the old mans eyes. As he listened he heard the side door open gratingly upon its hinges ; then he felt himself thrust in by force among a great concourse of people. Then he heard a murmur run through the building, and, close to him, a language spoken which ho did not understand, but which he supposed to be Russian. As he stood helpless, with his eyes bandaged, pressed on all sides by people, a hand grasped hie wrist, and drew him for ward through the crowd. Piesently the people appeared to with- draw, and when the cloth was removed from ; his eyes, he found hiaiself standing before the altar, with one of the two strangers close beside bim. A row of huge tapers, burning iu magnificent silver candlesticks, adorned the altar, while the whole building was so brightly illuminated that the minutest and most distant objects were plainly discernible. A few minutes earlier the murmurs of an un seen crowd dismayed him ; now the silenoe filled his mind with a nameless dread. The side aisles were occupied with men, but the centre aisle was empty, and in it lie saw a newly-opened vault, the stone which had ooverei it being propped np against a obair. Although only men were near, yet in fhedistAnce he landed he could perceive the figure of a female seated in a chair. At length a man, whose drees, which be spoke loity rank, distinguished him from all others, arose. As be advanced up the empty aisle his footsteps rang through the edifice. The man was of the middle height, broad shouldered, and firmly built. He walked with he air of one who was accustomed to com mand. His visage was dark, bis hair coally Hack, the features strongly marked ; hie nose, of a bold aquiline cut, added to the im- periouesess of bis expression ; his lips were olosely compressed, as if with auger, white black, bushy brows overshadowed the small He wore a dark green uniform, with gold buttons, and a single star glittered upon his breast. Then a lady advanced and knelt beside him. In statnre she was tall ; her step was firm and dignified, yet graceful, while her hand and arm defied the skill of the sculp tor's mallet and chisel to imitate ; her head was email and shapely, well set upon a neck of surpassing loveliness ; her eyes, so far as could be seen, were darkly, deeply, beauti fully blue, and the long, dark silken lashes that Bbadowed them gave a softness to her cheek an artist's pencil might vainly strive to reproduce ; her nose was rather of the Grecian style, and her month and teeth de fied the poet's imagination to portray ; while her broad, intellectual-looking brow gave a dignity to her features that conveyed to the recluse pastor an idea of the majestic. oqo was Bpienaiaiy oturvfu wivn care. A sky-blue robe, richly embroidered with silver, enveloped her, falling in heavy folds about her perfectly-formed limbs. Yet, with all this youthful loveliness and magnificence, she resembled a viritant from the shadee. Her corpse-like cheeks seemed petrified, not a feature moved, and the powerless arms bung helplessly dowu on either side of the limp, drooping body. Thus she knelt, an image of death, and an overpowering horror seemed to have bound both life and consciousness iu a profound cataleptic stupor. Astbe pastor of Rorwigga/edupon this sad sight, be perreived for the first time an ugly, vicious-looking, old baa, grotesquely attired in whimsical, gorgeously. hued dres. whose grey, elf-like locks were partially concealed by a portentous red turban, and who. with bieared eyes, stared grimly, yet mock'Ggly, over the lit ad of the kueeling bride. Immediately behind the bridegroom stood a man of gigantic stature, who looked into vhs-jltiit with a crave and fixed look "tun bin dark, paiurnine face. The aged minister stood speechless, as if fascinated, until a fierce and wild look from the bridegroom admonisned liim to commence the ceremony. His perplexity was increased by a doubt which he entertained whether the bridal couple would understand his language, . He, however, forced himself to inquire their names. The bridegroom sternly answered, " Neander and Feodora." The old m«n, without further delay, which he felt would be useless, then began to read the marriage service : but bis voice faltered, and be lost his place more than once, so that he was obliged to repeat the wordc. As neither of the two contracting parties ap- ! oearedto notice his confusion, his conjecture that they were, at beat, only imperfectly acquainted with the Danish tongue became the more confirmed. So when he proceeded to ask, " Wilt thou, Neander, take to thee as thy lawful- wedded wife Feodora, who now kneels beside thee he wondered whether the bridegroom would understand too question sufficiently to reply ; out, to nia surpn-e, ne replied. i will," in a harsh, discordant voice, which rang and echoed through the church. At the same moment deep Bighs proceeded from the assembled crowd, while & shudder of aver.-ion and terror agitated the asben features of the bride. The clergyman then &>ked, loudly and clearly, as if he designed thereby to arouse the lady from her stupor : " Dost thou, Feodora, acknowledge as thy lawful wedded husband Neander, who now kneels betide thee r" adding, "If so, reply by an audible 4 Yes, " The almost dying woman, being thus urg<id. seemed to arouse herself, a look of unutterable woe gathered in hernow relaxed features. The pale lips moved as if she were about >o speak, a momentary fire kindled in her eye : but the word of assent sounded like a wail of anguish from the expiring, as it found a deep echo in the involuntary groan of sympathy which burst simultaneously from the throng of beholders. vocable words, when she fell bach fainting into the outstretched arms of the old woman. In a few minutes she revived, and the cere mony was concluded, after which the bride. CTnom led ber back to her former place, the old bag and the giant following. Immediately afterwards the two men who had forced the pastor tn become a participant in this unhallowed rite again appeared, bound his eyes, conducted him, not without difficulty, through the throng, and having put him outside the door, left him to him- self. He stood alone, wondering whether it were not all a dream; then be heard the door bolted on the inner side, and, tearing off the bandage, he saw the lighted church, and, listening, heard the movements of the crowd within. In order to ascertain as much as wan pos sible of the after occurrences, the old mm concealed himself behind one of the buttresses of the building on the side opposite to which be had entered, and as be listened was horri fied to hear the tumult within momentarily increase in violence. Tbe clash of arms announced that a conflict was taking plaoe. Then tbe stem voice of the wild and sa- vave bridegroom imperiously commanded silence. A pause followed. Suddenly a shot was fired. He heard a female's piercing cry of a»ouy. Again there was a period of absolute quiet, then a sound as of workmen laboring with masons' tools, which continued for a full quArter of ao hour. At the close of this the tamult was re- EUIDUIL, fcUC LlfiUW W cm -«' whole irruptive mass of strangers emerged hurriedly from the church, and hastened down to tbe sea, where they were lost to view. The clergyman, left to him?elf, shook off the benumbing tcrpor which had taken pos session of him, and made his way back to Rurwi»r. Immediately upon his arrival he aroused bis neighbors, and informed them of tbe startling events that had transpired. But everything around was so quiet and undisturbed that they feared that their esteemed minister had become deranired ; and it was only with difficulty, and then largely to indulge his unaccountable whim, that tbey could be induced to take spades and crowbars and accompany him back to the churob. Day dawned as tbe simple fishermen as cended the hill upon which the church stood, and to their astonishment they per ceived a large ship of war proceeding under easy sail at a considerable distance from the shore, bearing away towards the north. This sieht, so surprising in those unfre- qnented seas, disposed them to give more at tention to tbeir pastor's startling report, a disposition which was increased when, upon reaching tbe sacred edifice, the side door was found to have bean forcibly entered. Full conviction awaited them within. They were shown the vault, which bad been seen uncovered only a few hours before. It was easy to see that tbe stone had been raised, aud newly placed in position agam. The startled villageis immediately raised the stone by means of their crowbars, and gazed downward into the gloomy recesses of the vault. They started backward with a cry of terror. The clergyman's report was amply con firmed by what they saw. Directly underneath their eyes was a new null handsomely-decorated coffin. The old man, eager to see the denouement of his awful experience, descended into the chamber of death with almost youthful im patience. Others followed him without delay. The lid of the coffin was raised. Their suspicions were verified. The solemn oeremony of matrimony had been immediately succeeded by the heinous i crime of murder. / Murder ! | It is an awful wotd, and has a gruesome sound. It is the product of the worst passions of tbe human hesre. It is always terrible, hat never so much so as when it follows closely upon the beds of tbe pledge of affection. Sacrilege and profanation of the most startling character had evident'.? been com mitted. the choicest specimens of the upholsterer's art, lay tbe body of the murdered Feodora. The body was still attired in costly rai ment, the silken robes clung around the stiffened limbs, only tbe magnificent tiara waa gone from the shapely head. Whether by accident or design, fee ill- fated bride had been shot through the heart. As is so commonin death, a great change had taken pluce in her appearance. Tbe ex pression cf poignant grief had vanished, & heavenly peace bad hallowed and glorified the beautiful face, aad she lay like an angel among the coffined dead. The clergyman, ae was his doty, imme diately acquainted his superior, theBiBhop of Zealand, with all the ciroum&tanoes;, andr pending an answer to his re orfc, adminis tered an oaih of secrecy to his flock. things proceeded among the people as if the mysterious marriage and equally incompre hensible murder had never occurred. Shortly afterwards an investigator arrived from the capital, and made strict aod close inqoiry into the whole matter. He saw the I crave, commended tbe discretion that had been shown, and 'threatened that any dis- - I clohure of the tiogular event would merit and I receive condign punishment.. Years pasted, and the affair was forgotten ; but upon tbe aged pastor's death it was dis covered that he baa entered a eucoinct narra tive of his midnight adventure in the register belonging to the church. The mystery connected with this singular invasion ana violation of the sanctuary at Rij wig has never been explained; but there were those who inclined lo the opinion that it had in some way a mysterious connection wi:li the sudden and violent changes of cyna-ty which took place after the deaths of iVter I. and Catherine of Rust-ia, wltem fora time, the holy Moecovitib empire was :uJoly shaken to it ccuire. — " Weeklv Budget." 