AN INJURED WOM?AN. It was wonderful to see what strength there was in her frail form. She raised up that strong, handsome man and drew himn from the muddy bed on which he was lying and laid him on the bank where the sun could I shine upon him and give him warmth. Then she loosened his necktie, unfastened his collar, and fanned his face. In a moment his eyes opened a little, then, with a sigh, tlised entirely, and he lay like one asleep, But he breathed; he was not dead. The noble, handsome man, whose gentle coun tesies had awakenedsome thought within' had escaped, for the time, at least, thW . ,e, of Death, and holding his hand be . gthsp she knelt dorwn aud poured .,?seen hers broken words of thanksgivi (trth a few The noise of horses' Ib -. Tm Piper, in his st' K .os ivas head, and 'loie .anting :- ..e jacket, toame riding rp I elotr' ad tlet horse flecked with foas. rer .,sd 5at the colonel, he looked at Rhoda. laid hol da wild tumult of wondering S ?o him, but he did not forget tihe mes' ge he had to deliver. ' Dr. Lawson says he'll be here in a minute moy lady,' hIe said. 'I left him getting his implements together, and the men are com ing on across the fields with some blankets oand a hurdle.' F You have done well, Piper,' Rhoda said. I shall not forget it.' It was balm, and more thai bhals, to the wnound she had given him 0 little while before, for it acted as a charm, and wiped it away as if it had never been. He gathered s't the horses together and tethered them to a gate, his eyes occasionally wandering towards Rhoda, who was supporting the head of the colonel and wiping his pallid 'ace' 'I wonder how she knowed taI was here,' She groom thought, "for they haven't met this morning, and I've never seen them together, But they are,'-here Tom felt a twinge, but he kept to the truth-' they are a handsome pair.' The village doctor, a man of considerable surgical experience, having served in the army, came galloping up, jumped off his cob, took off his hat and bowed to Rhoda, and without any further preliminaries ex amined his patient, his face gradually grow ing very grave. ' How did it happen ?' he asked. 'Tbs horse slipped back into the ditch and rolled upon him,' Rhoda replied. 'I was told so by Mr. Ardant, who witnessed the what happened.' 'We must get him somewhere at once,' said the doctor, anxiously. 'His injuries are very serious--very serious indeed.' 'IPowerscourt is near enough, perhaps,' Rhoda said. 'Yes, and the best place to take him, if you do not object.' 'The place and all in it are at his ser vice.' Two men had arrived with the hurdle and blankets, and they, under the doctor's direc sionss, placed him upon it, and walked with great care to Powerscourt. Rhoda klept with them on foot, all the way, walking with the doctor, who led his cob, and Tom Piper followed in the rear with the other horses, still wondering. It was the greatest mystery he had ever known during his limited ex perience of life. 'It is Colonel Blane, I believe ?' the doctor said, after a careful scrutiny of the patient. ' Yes. He is staying at Strathlone,' Rhoda replied. The doctor oke' embarrassed, and for awhile did not speak. Rhoda guessed at what was passing in his mind, and, with some pride in her air, asked if it was too far to take him to Strathlone. 'Much too far,' the doctor said. 'He would die before he could be got there.' 'And you have no objection to Powers court?' 'Me, my dqtq madame ?' the doctor said. 'Oh, isdeed,'v is very kind of you. But perhaps you are acquainted with Colonel Blane.' ' \We met in the churchyard,' Rhoda said, 'when he was good enough to read an in scription upon a stone that I did not under stand, We had not spolken before, and have not met since.' The doctor looked at the graceful figure and beautiful face by his side, and had plainly found a conundrum that to him had no immediate answer. He did not attempt t~o find out. As a professional man he was bound to give all his thoughts to the dangerous case be had in hand. ' A broken collar bone and splintered ribs,' be explained to Rhoda, 'and some internal injuries. His recovery, to speak in a human way, depends, after such help as I give him, entirely upon his constitution.' On rieaching the high road the groom was sent on ahead with directions for Mrs. Play. ton tohave a room, bot wa'ier, and a few other necessaries ready, and in half an hour Sir Beresford Blase, the colonel of the for tieth, was at Powerscourt partaking of en forced hospitality from a woman whose name was then a byword among the good and great people with whom he was associated. CHAPTER XVIII, IT is never the duty of a medical man to take part in the political or social questions of his neighbours. His duty is to attend to the sick and injured, to cure when be can, take his fees, and show by his services how golden silence is. But there are times when he becomes a bearer of ill news from one to another. The doctor is asa rule a man of tact, experience has developed that quality with him. He can heal up a bitter blow with a care that softens the pain, and calm the patient with a gentle word while he probes his very heart strings. Doctor Lawson throughly understood the position ol the mistress of Powverscourt with Colonel Blane in her care, and he made a shrewd guess about the way the tidings of it would be received at Strathlone. But the news must be taken and he cheerfully under took the task. He had donehis best for the injured man, who had returned to consciousness, and could very well be spared for an hour. This much he said when he reported him self to Rhoda, who was waiting anxiously to hear wbat hopes there were of a recovery. 'Rest, absolute rest is imperative,' the doctor said. ' I have told him as much as heneed know at present. He has had a fall from his horse and is under a very hospitable roof' ' He did net ask where hee was ?' Rhoda inquired. SAt present,' said the doctor, ' he is un able to speakl, and like a wise man does not attempt to do so. He will need great care and although I think your housekeeper an admirable person -very admirable, I may say-still there is a lack of what shall I call it ?-delicacy. She is a capital woman, it I may use an illustration, to handle common earthenware but scarcely the wosian to be trusted with valuable china. You under stand me, madame ?' 'Can I be of any service?' Rhoda asked. 'y\'ouldit not be too great a task upon poe?' ' Indeed, no,' 'Then I think it would be to the patient's advantage, very much to his advantage, very, if you would give your valuable assistance during the early and more dangerous ,' You wvill nurse him well, I speak fro, ,t'te. ience, you are fitted for it, emit 45 exper may say, and the benefit th, ..otly so I gentleman will derive will I- H nforltinate ' I suppose it is neces ,e immense.' people with whom bh .ar .to send to the SAbsolutely r .. t 's?aying ?' thought of un," .essar'y, madame, and I And t, ..'ita'king that duty myself.' Rhoda .pose they desire to remove him ?, ' P Aid, ti- ,: surely tsey will never dream of that ?' \- deto' said. . 'People dream of strange things.some times. Suppose they should? ' I should absolutely forbid it, and if they I disobey bsy injunctions it will be at their own risk.' The doctor had satisfied her and be rode away. He was a bright, cheery man of fifty, a bachelor, but not insensible to woman's charms. Ite looked Upon matrimony as some men look upon a river as something very pretty and inviting, but hesitate to plunge into it for fear of being drowned. SIt is too much of a lottery after all, ' he used to say, ' and I am very happy where I am.' He did not exactly relish the task he bad before him. Like all men of his profession he had to consider those in high position, for much of his success in life depended upon their favour, but he was not afraid of the earl or Lord Revaine. Lady Clara, however, inspired him with a little awe. Her cold, hard way chilled him, and when a man is half-frozen two-thirds of his courage flies away. On dismounting at thle door of Strathlone he met Lady Clara and the earl coming out. They were in a riding dress and a groom was walking up and down in front of the lawn. *Ab, Lawson, ' said the earl, 'how do you do ?' 'Very well, my lord, thank you, 'the doctor replied. r And who is it that has required your ser vices ? The house keeper, I suppose ? She has not been in good health lately.' 'No my, lord. I have come with a mes sage from Colonel Blane. ' Lady Clara, who up to the present had ignored the doctor, turned sharply .nd ex claimed : ' Colonel Blane i' 'Yes, Lady Clara. He has had an acci dent' his horse stumbled-, 'Is he killed ?' said Lady Clara, impatiently 'Don't beat about the bush. Is he killed, I ask you ?, 'No, but he is injured seriously,, the doctor replied, ' so seriously that I had him removed to the first place that offered him shelter ,where he must remain for a week at least, perhaps more.' ' Well that will not matter, ' Lady Clara re joined. ' We can send to him everything that is required. Even a cottage can be made comfortable. I will seeto it at once. Where is he lying ?' 'Not at a cottage, Lady Clara. ' Where then ?' The colour was leaving her cheeks, for already the truth was dawning upon her, she saw it in the hesitation of the doctor, but he bad told all there was the hope that sihe might be mistaken. The words he uttered in reply were ltke bullets through her heart. ' He is at Powerscourt.' She must have had wonderful command over herself, for she spoke quietly, calmly, although her face was colourless. ' It was neither wise nor decent of you, Doctor Lawson, to take him there,' she said. 'I only did my duty, Lady Clara,' the doctor firmly replied; 'to have attempted to carry htim further would have most assuredly resulted in hisdeath. Had there been no other place than the haunt of thieves handy I must have taken him there. He will be well cared for at Powerscourt, whatever may be the public opinion of its mistress.' 'An opinion in which you do not share,' Lady Clara tartly replied. She fancied there was a covet sarcasm in the latter words of the doctor's, and such a thing from a man like him could not be tolerated. ' A man of my calling can have no opinion on social things,' be said, 'except so far as his own respectability is concerned. The character of people whom he is brought in contact with professionally is no concern of his.' 'In this case it appears so,' Lady Clara said ' but of course it is impossible for Colonel Blane to remain there. We must havesome advice in the matter.' ' I have given my advice, Lady Clara.' 'Further advice I mean.' Colonel Blane is my patient, and at present I do not see anyneed to call in any profes sional assistance, and unless I do so no medical man would come.' He was very firm. The high air of Lady Clara irritated him, and as be had a very good practice among farmers and people of that class he was in a measure independent. Colonel Blane was his patient and he made up his mind to keep himh at Powerscourt as long as he could. LadyClarawalked away from himin a white heat, and the earl followed her. The doctor, considering himself dismissed, remounted his horse and returned to Powers court. Colonel Blane had been placed in a room on the ground floor. Mrs. Playton had been very thoughtful in selecting it, as the carrying the injured man upstairs must have had a prejudical effect, but, as Dr. Lawson said, she .was not the most delicate of nurses, however careful she might be. Rhoda, on the other band, was formed to be a ministering angel where 'pain and anguish wring the brow.' She was with the colonel, seated beside the bed in the shadow of the curtains which had been drawn so as to shade his eyes from the stronger light. He was sleeping again, and the doctor smiled with satisfaction. SHas he been so while I have been away ?' he softly asked. SHIe woke once,' Rhoda replied, 'but soon fell off again.' ' You did not speak to him ?' 'He did not see me, but looked about him drearily and closed his eyes. 'The symptoms are promising, madame, very promising,' said the doctor, slowly rubbing his hands together; time and care are all he wants. By the way you must not make a patient of yourself by over-nursing. I will come and relieve you to-night, and Mrs. Playton must take her turn.' He stooped over the bed and put his ear down close to the mouth of the injured man and smiled again. The breathing was low but regular, and there were no symptoms of fever. 'A fine man,' he said, 'and I believe a gallant officer. To think of the perils he has gone through and then to be so near coming to grief by the stupidity of a horse. It was restive I think.' ' It was startled in some way,' Rhoda re plied. 'Ah, yes, of course, startled. Nothing worse than a startled horse when you have not too much elbow room. Apt to injure the rider and other people too if they don't get out of the way. The other gentleman is not injured ?' ' No, Mr. Ardant was never in peril. I don't know that 1I can tell you any more at aretsil.-' 'No need, my dear madame, no need, I assure you. The story, it there is one to tell, the colonel can amuse me with when he gets strong and well again. Good bye for the present. I will relieve you in a couple of hours or so, I have not a deep design of making another patient by leading you on to over-nursing,' and laughing softly and rub bing his plump hands together he left the room, Rhoda drew up her chair a little and rest ing her elbow on the couch looked long and earnestly at her charge. A line man, with out a doubt, a handsome one incontestibly, and if she were a judge of men at all, a noble one. He was a tall, well-built man, and a reclining position rather magnified, as it always does, proportions. Rhoda thought she had never seen his equal before. And yet she had no thought of him beyond that he was in a dangerous state and in her charge. He demanded her pity and care and she had a kindly remembrance of his cour tesy, and recalled his easy, graceful way of speaking. But that was all, Rhoda then had great burdens on her heart, great sorrows and troubles to bear rad she had laid out her life to be a lone one. The time passed slowly, but she was not to be wearied. Mrs. Playton came to see if she could be of service and was told that she would not be required just yet. ' You will get dinner for two, ' Rhoda said, ' Dr. Lawson will dine here to-night. ' Meanwhile there bad been a scene at Strathlone between Lady Clara, the earl, and Lord Revaine. A tempest of passion had. carried Lady Clara beyond reason and she urged her father and brother to go to Powers court and remove the injured man at all risks. SThat would probably kill bhm if we are to believe Lawson,' the earl said. SAnd would bring upon us a charge of manslaughter,' added Lord Revaine. SYou are selfish cowards, both of you,' she said. 'Clara,' exclaimed the earl, ' you are berslt of your senses.' 'I shall be soon, ' she answered, ' when I see all in league against me. Will you leave him there to become the prey of that scheming woman ? Don't you know how weak and easily led a sick man is, how much he thinks of woman's kindness, and how a pretty face can lead him to anything. ?' 'We have no evidence that the woman is anxious to have him,' the earl replied, 'and if she entertains the hope it is for him to thwart it.' 'She has as much right to scheme as any other woman, ' Lord Revaine said, with a sarcastic smile. His eyes lashed Lady Clara into a fury and her eyes flashed forth a hundred fires. Her anger could not be expressed in words but as she sprang from her seat the earl stood between them. SFor heaven's sake, Clara, ' he cried, ' don't forget yourself, Revaine ' Why do you taunt her ? It is unseemly between brother and sister. 'He is no brother of mine, ' Lady Clara hissed 'I renounce him.' ' An act that is of immense relief to me,' Lord Revaine replied. I ask you,' said Lady Clara, turning again to the earl, 'if you will go to Powers court and bring him away. I would rather see him dead than the husband of that woman.' 'Very likely,' remarked Lord Revaine, 'but I think it unreasonable for you to kill a man because you are likely to lose him,' 'I lose him I Come, Clara, you know you went for him the moment hecame.' It is false.' - 'It is true, and I tell you that you chance is hopeless. He does not even dream of loving you.' 'Clara ! Revaine l' said the agonised earl, 'not so loud., All the servants will hear you. What a thing it is to have a scourge in one's children. I cannot go to Powerscourt, Clara, after what Lawson said. It wou'd'be wrong, unjust to Blane, and madness in our own in terest.' 'Then I will go without you,' Lady Clara said as she inoved towards the door, ' I can take some of the servants with me. ' ' If-you go so far to forget youself,' said the ehrl, with a sudden determination written on his face, as he stepped between her and .the door, ' you will lead me to think that recent trouble has affected your mind and you must be put under proper restraint.' 'Would you go so far ?' Lady Clara asked, looking at him steadily. 'When the honor and good name of a family are at a stake, 'the earl replied, ' we have sometimes to do violence to our feelings and to adopt measures of safety that at any other time would be extremely repulsive. ' She continued to look at him with the same fixed expression for a few moments longer, and she saw that he was earnest. And she knew, moreover, that the act she meditated would go far to helping the world to think she was insane and she gave in. ' You are too strong for me,' she said speaking scarcely above a whisper, 'I am de feated and must submit, Perhaps you will do further violence to your feelings by appearing at the wedding and giving the bride away.' ' Clara, you are talking wildly, foollshly. You, whom I always looked upon as having such a cool head and to be so deliberate in all your movements.' SI am changed, ' she said, ' I should be more than mortal if I could have suffered what I have and remained ice.' With much of her old deliberate haughtiness restored to her she left father and son toge ther, and more hot words were exchanged. The earl reproached Lord Reviane for de liberately taunting his sister into a frenzy and his lordship did not deny the fact. 'Clara has given me a touch of theice of her disposition.' be said, 'and I do not see why Ishould not seek to change it to something warmer.' 'Between you I shall be driven mad,' the earl replied. 'I think I take the correct ground.' Lord Revaine rejoined. ' Why should.this girl be hunted and harried like a fox ? she intereres withnobody, does nothing to injureus, anditis not her fault that Blane meets with an accident and has to put up at her place. I only hope nothing will come of their being together, as I mean to anarry her, myself if she will have me.' 'Yon mean to do WHAT ?' The earl spoke like a man who has beard something incredibly awful and horrible, and refuses to believe it even on the incontestible evidence of his senses, Lord Revaine re. peated his assertion. 'I mean to marry her if I can,' he said. 'You will never do it.' 'I will by-You cannot keep me out of the title, or cut off the entail of the estate, and if this pretty creature who has all the world against her wishes to become a countess I'll make her one.' The earl sat down, a petrified man, and stared at his son with a face so utterly blank with dismay that Lord Revaine was led in to a burst of laughter. This recalled the earl to himself, and roused his burning indignation. Rising he put on all his dignity and bowing he slightly moved away. 'I thought I had a son who was in some respects wirthy of mne,' be said. 'I knew you were wild, and hoped to see you renounce your ways as years grew upon you; but I find that I have begotten a fool-a disgrace to the name of Strathlone I Hencefortb, sir, we are strangers. 'By George,' muttered Lord Revaine, when he was left alone, 'I have done it now. I have laid down my hand and shown every card, when I might-have held it until he was gone to the old family vault. Of course she would have done it, and her marriage could have been kept a secret. Revaine, my good fellow, pour worthy father is right, you are a fool.' He had the rest of the day to himself, and when the dinner hour came be found he was the sole occupant of the diningroom. The earl dined alone, and Lady Clara was unwell, the butler said, and he was not at all dissatisfied at finding he had escaped sitting between two fires. Lord Revaine made a good dinner, drank a little more wine than usual, and lighting a cigar put on a light over coat and sauntered out. It was a fine night, with a moon low in the east, and the sky full of stars. The air was soft, and the sweet aroma cast off by the flowers, grateful for the falling dew, permeated the atmosphere. There was a charm of early night upon the earth, the charm that leads lovers on, softens the sinful heart that is open to repentance, and makes any thoughtful man hope and dream of being wiser and better. Lord Revaine was in love, and be wander. ed on smoking and thinking of Rhoda. Mechanically be sauntered down the avenue towards the gate, and half way down he stopped and leaned against the trunk of a huge beech tree. The rustle of a dress disturbed his medi tations, nod looking up he saw the form of a woman corning towards him. Quick as thought he glided into deep shadows and saw Lady Clara go by unheeding. him, with her eyes straight ahead and a dangerous look in them, that the semi-dsrkness could not hide. As I live,' he muttered, ' she is going to Powerscourt and means mischief ? I'll follow her and stop it, for the credit of the family. Ho, ha I the credit of the family,' CHAPTER XIX. COMlING out of a deep sleep, the invalid opened his eyes and looked around. Ignorant of where he was, unconscious bow he came there, Colonel Blane returned to conscious ness and found Rhoda sitting by his side with her eyes cast down in deep thought. He was not troubled with the ordinary hallu cination attending such a surprise, and did not think it was a dream, for all was too real, the feeling of true wakefulness too strong, and the fair form before him too well de fined. That he had been unwell he knew, but the nature of his illness or injuries he did not trouble himself about. It was enough for him that he was in the presence of the woman who had charmed him from the first, who had haunted him in his day dreams and followed him in the misty path of night visions and whom he had learnt to love while he fought against love. Struggling against cap tivity, Cupid's garland had yet been strong enough to lead him into bondage. He lay still. Not that be feared the en trancing sight would be dispelled by a move ment, but he instinctively felt that she was there believing he would remain for the time at least ignorant of her presence, and would probably leave him as soon as she saw that he was able to recognise her. The feeling was instinctive, and there fore a true one. Rhoda bad no design to stay longer than was.necessary, and she had no thought of winning his heart or that of any living man. So he lay still and feasted his eyes upon the wondrous face, and saw more in it than he had ever seen before. There was a subtle charm in every feature, and a light inexpress ibly beautiful over the whole that hallowed sorrow and lifted hei:'up in his eyes above all common clay. But this time of blissful contemplation was sooncut short. Rhoda awoke from her dream, saw his fixed, admiring gaze, and drew back alarmed. ' You are better ?' she said. SMuch better, ' he replied, I or rather I must suppose so. Have I been ill ?' SYou have been:terribly injured, 'was her answer.. ' How and where ? Stay, I remember the lane-that fellow-yes, it is all clear, ex cept the knowledge of where I am. ' '* You are at Powerscourt; they were obliged to bring you here, or you would have died.' 'So,' he said thoughtfully, ' and to your kindness I am indebted for my life. ' 'I only did what another would have done, ' Rhoda answered. You shall not rob yourself ofmy gratitude,' he said. 'So when they brought me to your house you played the Good Samaritan. Who found me ?' The question brought the colour to her cheek with startling'quickness. What answer was she to give him now ? What would be think if she told the truth i ' I-I bound you,' Rhoda said, besitating. Then with woman's tact took refuge in the doctor'sorders for him to be quiet. 'But you must not talk, It is against the orders of Dr. Lawson. ' SThe village surgeon I presume, 'the colonel said. Rhola bowed and implored silence with her outspread hands. 'Oh, indeed, I am strong enough to talk a little,' the colonel said, 'and I must ask you to conspire with me against the doctor. In addition to giving me shelter you also fill the wearisome post of a sick man's nurce.' ' Doctor Lawson thought that Mrs. Play ton would be a little too rough, though mean ing well, and so, as I could find no better nurse for you, I volunteered.' 'A better nurse,' murmured the colonel, 'impossible.' ' You must not pay me compliments and you must not talk,' said Rhoda. with a smile, as she stood up to arrange his pillow. He took her hand between bis, touched it lightly with his lips, and let it go without further demonstration. 'Hencelorth,, he said you will be my good angel. I have needed one any time these fifteen years.' Rhoda shook her head and again re minded him of the doctor's orders, and he promised to obey them. Rhoda was about to leave the room when he broke them again. 'Why are you going ?' he asked. ' Now that you are awake,' she replied, ' Mrs Playton can attend to you.' ' And who is Mrs. Playton ?' ' The housekeeper.' A very estimable woman, no doubt, but at the least a very poor substitute for you. But I cannot hope to keep you here, You here you will come again ?' ' Yes, if you promise me one thing.' 'I will promise it if I can.' 'You are to speakl to me as a nurse, and not talk of me as a good angel, for indeed, I assure you, it pains me.' ' I will not call you so again for awhile,' he said, 'I will only thihk tt. You are sure you are not going to leave me for good ?' ' I will come again if Doctor Lawson thinks it necessary,' Rhoda said. Mrs. Playton appeared to Rhoda's place, and although she was a kind woman, with a very hearty, appearance, Colonel alsne was sure he had never seen a woman .;' repul sive. He almost hated her, and but for her material kindness would have given her an insight into his feelings. The doctor came in before dinner, and while he was there Mrs. Playton absented herself. An examination of the patient proved satisfactory, with one little exception. ' You are progressing, colonel,' the doctor said, ' but there is a slight symptom of fever. You must not allow yourself to be made restless by thinking, and if you are in a hurry to get away from here-' ' My dear doctor, I am nothing of the sort -not on my own account, at all events. I suppose the people at Strathlone know of my mishap ?' ' S6 it was a mishap, eh, colonel ?' 'In a way it was. I don't think I could blame anybody.' 'I am glad to hear it, colonel, for I was afraid there was something wrong. About the peopleat Strathlone. Yes, they have heard it; I took the message myself, and Lady Clara was anxious tb have you removed at once from here.' 'As a matter of fact can I be removed ?' 'Certainly not, for a week at the very least, and you must progress wonderfully to do it even then. Your constitution is a sound one.' 'Doctor, I assure you I shall not be able to leave here at the end of a week. 'Well, well, we shall see; but you have talked enough now.' ' Une word more. Mrs. Plabton is a very kind woman, but-I think I want a Little more congenial society. You might spend a little time with me.' SI intended to do so, and the mistress of Powerscourt shall take her turn.' 'You promise me that?' ' I do.'' 'Then, doctor, I shall get on,' said the colonel, with a sigh of intense satisfaction. 'But Ishall not be well in a week-no, not in a week.' 'Nor In a year,' thought the doctor, but he did not say so. I-IHe was beginning to see how the cat jumped in various quarters. But a love affair was no business of his; he preferred a case of broken bones and bruises. Doctor Lawson kep his word about Rhoda and towards evening. the colonel being again asleep, Rhoda took up her post by his side with a small reading lamp and a book upon a small table. The lamp was so placed that the face of the sleeper \was thrown irnt a deep shadow, and Rhoda read on for awhile without disturbing him. Twice he murmured in his sleep, and each time something about ' a good angel ' reached her ear. Each time it brought a a flush to beir face, but it was one of pain and not of pleasure. The tiny bell of a marble clock upon the mantelpiece faintly sounded the hour of ten and Rhoda closed her book. She had read enough for that night, and stood up to turn the lamp down. In the act of doing this she raised her eyes to the window that opened upon the terrace and saw-a face. And such a face, so dis torted with passion, that a scream came to her lips. But even in that moment of terror she thought of the injured man and forced back the cry. It was the face of a woman-that much she could see- and the features were not entirely strange to her, but they were so distorted with passion that she failed to fully recognise them. Something was gleaming below, and -Rhoda's eyes, for a moment glancing down, saw that the intruder had a pistol in her right hand. The barrel gleamed as it was slowly raised and levelled at her. Still Rhoda uttered no cry, mainly because she was now tongue tied. Who was this woman ? And what did she want there ? Was it her life or his she was seeking ? These thoughts came and went like lightning's flash, and the next instant the woman and the weapon were' gone. Rhoda bad an indistinct idea of baving seen a man's hand grasp the arm that held the weapon and draw the woman back, but her inind was so troubled that she was not clear upon it. The mid night spy was gone, and nerving herself she walked to the mantelpiece and quietly rang the bell. 'Ask Doctor Lawson to come here at once,' she said to the servant who re. sponded. He had.heard the bell and was already on his way tbither. The message was only just delivered when he entered the room. A glance at his patient told him all was well tbere, and he turned to Rhoda, whose face was now deadly white. The reaction was almost too much for her, and she was on the verge of fainting, but she beat down the weakness and rallied. ' Why did you ring ?' he asked. 'There was a wbman outside armed with a pistol,' Rho"a replied. ' Outside l Where ? By the window ?' ' Yes.' 'Surely you must have been dreaming, Have you slept at all ?' 'No. I was reading at the time. There is the book-the History of Rome, not exactly a ghost-raising work. I saw her there, and she was aiming at me, when somebody pulled her away. ' ' Are you afraid to be left alone,'he asked, 'only for a few minutes ?' 'Not at-all, ' Rhoda replied. 'The danger, if danger there was, I believe to be over.' He opened the window and stepped out. There was light enough to see across the terrace towards the lodge, and two figures, a man and a woman, were dimly visible. He hurried after them, keeping as much in the shade as possible, and on reaching the lodge saw them again hastening towards Strathlone. Turning back with knitted brows be re traced his steps to the sick room in Powers court, where Rhoda entirely recovered from her fright, was awaiting him. 'I have discovered who it was, ' he said, and it is only a poor, demented woman well known in the neighbourhood. 1 will take care she does not annoy you again. The weapon she carries is quite harmless.' 'It was stupid of 'e to be so trightened, Rhoda returned. I shall knowbetter next time.' The patient now awoke, more collected, and visibly better than he had been before He smiled at Rhoda and turning to the doctor, said: 'You are doctor Lawson, I presume ?' A bow answered him, and be tendered his grateful thanks for the services rendered him. 'I judge from 'your bandages,' he said, 'that you have been the army.' 'I was with the thirty-fifth in India for five years,' the doctor replied, 'but I must enforce silence upon you.' 'For how long?' 'Two or three days. You may speak a little now and then , of course, but only a few wbrds at a time.' 'And after that ?' 'You may talk as much as you please.' 'I will obey yor,' the colonel said, 'only you must not take away my good angel. It is her presence that is working a miraculous cure.' Dr. Lawson did not ask who his good angel was, as he throughly understood him, but the pained expression in Rlhoda's face puzsled him. I-Ie was at fault, being unable to firm a diagnosis of hier case, and his first theory had been completely upset, 