Wat ^totg-'Seiler* A GHOST'S REVENGE. "Br L. GALBEAITH. Author of "The Case of Lady Lukeetan" and other Ghost 3tories. It «M a dismal evening. Heavy cloud* covered the sky. The air was full of a raw damp- Beat, whioh bung like a veil over the flat marshy district, through whioh the London train was winding it* way like some huge fiery serpent, now pausing is it* sinuous course, now darting forward with a writhe and a shriek, to vanish under a lurid cloqd of •team. " Mallowby," shouted the hoarse voioe of the porter; " Mallowby." The door of a first-class smoking carriage wa» reluctantly opened, and • solitary passenger alighted. "What a beast of a night," he mattered, hastily buttoning up hia fur-lined overcoat, "and what a beast of a place," peering discontentedly across the low white railing at the monotonous stretch of enow-powdered fallow and pasture. "What on earth has induoed Forster to bury himself in saoh a desolate hole?" "Any luggage, sir? "Two portmanteaus and a guncase—very good, sir. Where for— the Rectory ? The oart is just outside, through tbegate on the left." With another malediction on the rawness of the atmosphere, the passenger from town pieked his way across the sloppy platform and climbed into the dogcart whioh was in waiting for him. Re eras oold, hungry, and, if the truth mast be told, considerably out of temper; and as he splashed down the mile of muddy road which lay between the station and the village' Gerald Harrison was half inolined to repent his promise of spending a couple of day's with hiB old College chum on hiB way to Scotland: A hearty weloome, a sherry and bitters, a (oaring fire, and a hot bath went a long way towards dispelling his ip-humour. The Bev. BichurtForster, now voting a? locum tenent for the absent Rector of MaUowbjr, thoroughly understood the art of making his guests com fortpble. " Son will pot have too much time, old fepow," he said, when be -had oonducted ' Harrison to hia room. "1 am sorry to harry yon, butdinner is at half-past 7, and I oannot \- well pat it baok, because I have asked another man. His name is Granville. He has lately come to the old Hall, and we are going to shoot pver one.of bis farms bo-morrow." Twenty minutes later, when Gerald (with temperature and temper alike restored to their normal condition) descended to the library,.he found his host in earnest confabulation with In visitor—a slight, dark man, with an "»"""«, rather worried expression, and A triok af glancing nervously over bis shoulder. "I give you my word, Forster," he was .saying, " that it is going on worse than ever. -1 eaA't get a servant to sleep in the front of the house, and'if I were nob ashamed of acknowledging myself a fool I would oat the place to-morrow and go baok to town.?' The opening of the door put an end to the discussion. Forster changed the subject by introducing hia guests, and w dinner was ' almest immediately announced the' conversation fell into general channels—such as the Irish question,' pheasant • rearing,' and the chances of an open season. It struck Harrison that Mr. Granville had all the appearance of a man who has received some severe mental shock. Though he talked intelligently and even "well, it was evident that'hie attention was never wholly given to the subject in hand. He seemed to be constantly listening for some expected sound, and once, whenfootsUtog were audible qn- the gravel without, hefctarted violently and turned as white as a Bheet. "It is only. Kenwell bringing back the keys of the Church," remarked Forster, " He has been taking the choir practice for me this •vening. There is the bell." A servant answered the door, and the footsteps died away again, accompanied by the distant dash of the iron gate. Granville sank bade in his chair with a long breath of relief. He had let his cigar out, and now looked sound for a light. Harrison offered him a matoh, and as the elder man took it he could feel that his hand was oold and shaking. The evening passed in pleasant desultory that. At U o'oloak Granville rose- "Will fou order my cart ?" he said. Then, in answer so hishest's demur,' he answered nervously, "Don't tempt me to stay, Forster; it only makel matters worse. Yes, I know it is quite early and all that, bat they will take ten minutes ^o put the horse m, and," with a ghastly fttteiript at a smile, "I am like Cinderella, I must be' indoors before qridnight. You will come up early to-morrow, and of coarse you bath lanoh with me. I would a*k fan to dine a* well, only—only I am not good company ip my owp.houie now." Forster'* hand was on the bell. He paused, and looked keenly into his friend's face. 'Don't go back, Granville," be said, will lay toliVigtrtSra 1 fca» SBy*^ yon up." 11 "No, thanks, no," with the nervous haste of one who fears that his resolution may fail him. " I cannot do that. After all I have •aid I dare not show the white feather to the servants. They would think me a fool; but, my God! they don't hear it as 1 do. Tall them to bring the cart round, Fonter. For pity's sake, man, don't waste time 1 It is ten minutes past ll alrpady." The onto was given. Aa the minutes wore on Granville became increasingly [ uneasy. He conld not rettrain his resiles* anxiety to be off, and it was a xelisf to every que .when the grating of wheel* ©utsideannonneed that the trap was in-readiness. Forat«r accompanied him to thedoor, whifcber' Harrison presently followed. _ " It is not muoh of a night," he commented, peering out into the ohill darkness." Your friend will have a ooolish drive." Footer was standing on the step. "Hash !" be said, holding up Lis hand.. "Iosten : he is gaUopiqe." From tne old ftt^y tower on their left chimed the half-hour, and as- the notes died away they oould hew the receding .rattle of aoart being driven at a furious paoe along the road below. . " He must be oraoke<J to drive at that ate la the dark," cried Gerald, as the clatter of hoofs grew fainter pod finally died away. " It will be more by lack than management if he doesn't upwfc at the first oorner. Whit is matter with him, Dick—does he drink, or u he ,0Shis head?" " Neither at present. He thinks his house ie haunted, and it is getting on his nerves." "Ob, be most be oracked then," with easy decision. " No one bat a lunatie believes in ghosts in these day*. Aooept the possibilities of terrestrial elementarie* and left-hand magic if you like; but the common orgardep ghost, never." " There is something queer about the old hall, though," persisted Forster. " I do not believe that any consideration you oould offer would induoe a Mallowby man to sleep there alone. The plaoe ha* a bid name. lt> stood •empty for years before Granville .bought - it. He spent no end of money in repairs and furniture too, which makes it additionally hard on him to be driven out by "A ghost." concluded Harrison, 3 with a shoot of laughter. " MyxJear Dick, it is too .absurd. Irf*t us exorcise the pl«oe. I will back iny six-shooter at thirty feet against any combination of goblins and bluefire. We will arrange a match to-morrow. Fifty pounds a aide, to be paid in material currency only. -Corns, admit now that the thing is a huge -joke." "It is a good deal more like death to Granville," returned Forater, seriously. '-'His nerve* are.regularly gone to pieces. He is not like the same fellow who came, down in the autumn." "Have the ghost* been trying to -eviot him -•veriincot" . "Sounds weak, I dare say," Dick answered, •." bqt I am inclined to believe, Gerald, that there is more iu it than meets the eye. Last October Granville was every bit as sceptieal as you are. - If he beard anything he treated it with contempt. When the servants oomplainedofmyfterioasnoues be laughed them to scorn. You saw for yourself that he does mot laogh at it now. He told me this evening that these — these — manifestations are of nightly occurrence. I am afraid it is taking serious efieot upon hi* health. I wish I had kept him here to-night." "Oh, be will be.all right,"said Harrison, lightly. " Funk is a deuood unpleasant complaint, but it don't often kill. Twelve o'olook; I think I'll be turning io. fhis -time tomorrow. I suppose, we shall be wishing each other a happy new year." Bnt the glad new year wae destined to be ushered in by no hearty shaking of bands, no joyous congratulations at Mallowby Reotory. In the grey dawn of the December morning Harrison was awakened by the flashing of a candIn before his eyes. Forster was standing beside the bed with a pale and horror-stricken faoe. "Gerald," be said hurriedly, "will yon get np at once? I want you to oonie with me to the hall. Something terrible has happened. Poor Granville is dead." "Dead !" repeated the other blankly, " dead ! Why, he only left here at eleven." "I know that. Seven hours ago he was here, only seven hoars ago, and now tbey are carrying his hndy up from the pond where it Was found. Why did I not keep him?" be cried, pacing the room in deep agitation. "Why did I let him go back to that accursed bouse? I knew his mind was unhinged by what he had beard there. Poor fellow! poor Granville ! and now it is too late." Harrison was already out of bed. "I will be downstairs in five minutes," be said. " Of course, I know no particulars, bnt ha* any one thought of tending for a doctor ?" Forster caught eagerly at tha implied hope. " Some one shall go for Mr. Tillingat once," be said, hurrying out of the room. It was a relief to be able to do something, but long before the surgeon arrived they knew that hi* services would be useless. Death had sealed the master of Ravensbill for his own. The cold and rigid limbs refused to respond to the revivifying influences of hot blanks ts and artificial respiration. , . Harrison was of opinion, as he assisted in his friend's frantic endeavours to restore some semblanoe of life, that poor Granville had best dead for several hoars. It was a painful task. In vain Forster tried to close the dull, lack- lustre eyes, fixed in a wide stare of indesoribable horror. The tense features would not relax. New had human being passed away from life leaving behind him so terrible an impression of fear. At 7 o'clock the surgeon for whom Forster had sent appeared on the soene. One glance at the body was sufficient for him. " He's dead," said the plain-spoken oountry praotitiorier. "Dead as a doornail. How did it happen?" Ah! how indeed ? That was a mystery. A secret known only to the dead man and to those unspeakable power* who work behind the veil. In tb« early morning of the last day of th» year t&® household at the Hell had beea startled from their slumbers by a wild, agonizud cry, followed by shriek upon shriek of demoniaoal laughter. The horrible sounds lasted <Mily for a minute. Before the terrified servants were fairly aroused and crowding together into the oorridor to learn the meaning of this strange alarm the house was wrapped in its customary silence. For a few moments they had been too soared to do more than wonder at their master remaining undisturbed ; then some one, bolder than the rest, suggested that it would be as well to waken him. They knocked at his door and reoeived no answer. They called, but no voioe replied. At last the butler ventured into the room. It was empty. The night lamp which Granville had lately used was burning brightly; the fire was nearly but. The bed had not been oocnpied. Thoroughly alarmed now, a search party was formed, and, aimed with lights and a brace of revolve ts, the men descended to the ground floor. In the library the lamp was also burning. The odour of tobaooo still hung in the air; a few embers glowed in the grate : the spirit d eoanters and an empty sodawater bottle lay on tihe table beside an open book. There was no. trace of any disturbance, and there was no mgn of Granville. The servants looked at eaoh other in silenos. No one Bared to put into words the fear that lay cbijl at his heart. Suddenly the butter uttered.an exclamation. Hia eyes had fallen on ope of the windows. The long curtains were s staying gently backward and forward in the carsent of cold air from without. The ithntters were thrown baok, and the casement stood wide open. They crowded round. " Steady, keep baok a bit," protested one mail more astute than his fellows ; "there is snow enough to hold footmarks. It's a pity to trpad.it about till we've got a lantern ana struck the trail." In a flew minutes a oovered light had been procure fl, and the threshold of . the window was examined. There oould be np doubt as to the way in whioh Granville had quitted the room. Straight from the sill the footprints were distinctly traoed in the light snow. Along the path they tracked the marks, round the corner of the house, across the lawn to the edge of the pond. And there, beneath the WQIOWR, half-hidden by the drooping frostbrowned ferns, they fonnd the body of their muter, f till in evening dress, with clendhed fingers, and features transfixed in an expression of ghastly dread. \- The ((uiet little village was shaken to its core. All day long the people gathered in knots to, discuss the awful tragedy which bad been enacted in their midst. Horror was is the air. . Old superstition reasserted its sway with renewed strength. Old stories were repeated ffith bated breath, for once again the curse of ;the Deverels had fallen, and the truth of thehjdf-foigotten legend was triumphantly vindio&tted.; By nightfall every human being had quitted the precpnots of the fateful Hall. The soared domestics absolutely refused to remain on the premises, and the big house was deserted save for the silent form lying so stpl beneath the white sltset on one of tne sofa* in the library, in whicih room the body of Philip Granville had bee« laid to await the coroner's inquest. 'To Forster this desertion of the helpjfgs corpse EBemed terrible. He would have spent the night in watohing beside the poor fellow who hfu| so lately been his guest, and was only dissuad ed from his purpose by the earnest solicitations of his churchwarden, » stalwart farmer, on whose grey Bead seventy odd years sat tighter than most men's fifty. "Parson," said the old man solemnly, " theer's noa stood a flyin' in the faac? o' Providimce. Noa body thinks as you're a coward,, hut what sort o' use be theer in fiingin' .good loiveB a'ter bad uns? Yon poor lad tried it, and see bow they've served nim. Thiity year bade Lord Broad bo rough's agent died in .saame way. My feyther used to tell how, vrhen he. were a little lad, one of the Da*be:aysoaam doon hissen' and boasted as bow he'd better the Deverels. It WBB i' the summer toime, and all went well enow.. Bat as soon, as winter oaame on 'they' were at work gg'in, and t' oold squoire be began to in tOl.pn New Year's Eve the house were fetobed up by a fearful crv, and next mornin' they found his body in the pond theer with a look on ,t' faace as, God forbid, should iver be sean on yours or moine. Mony an' mony a good mpn has met that death sin' the noight that Ksttharine Deverel stood in yon winder and cursed the mon who had robbed her of her hnsbaa'fTa naame and theer lad of his lawful inheritance. 'You hev ta'an it by fraud,' she croid, 'but th? Xiprd will avenge me. Noa good ebjallit bring thee..." Yon shall'neyther live in iit yoursen nor shall another receive it at your hands. Though I lose my immortal aool,'sfae aay^, "Fll hev revenge. Yon may tak' any. ahoild's lnrthrighl^ you may slur ma fair nasin^ but poa ;non, fie be.young or auld, good or evil, aothat he does na' bear th' naame o* Devepel, shall live to see a new year dawn wi'in tliese walla. Ill die oc Deverel land,' •ays.she, 'and he who bravesma ourse shall die eve* as I hev died.' Then she called on the Godl of the feytherless to hear her words and tamed awa, and' next mornin' they foapd her body stiff an' stark in yonder „ pond with the dead baby still clasped in her arms. Youll bear in moind, sir, whs it the Lord did to the mon who built up the walls o' Jeriobo. It's His will, and you bein' a i parson should know better than to goa Kin' 0 tm. What harm can taake yon poor bit o olay i*ow ? Bnt you hev * wark to do i' the warld, .-Mid you ain't got no reet to ohuok you loife after hia'a." "Mr, Dawson is right, Diok," urged Harrison ; " pou can't do the poor fellow any good. Your tl^rves are shaken, and I am free to confess, ghost or no ghost, to spend the night in that dismal house with a dead man is more tfc<an I should care about." Very unwillingly Forster at last agreed to yield. Three days later the local Jury brought in a verdict of "Died by the visitation of God," and once again the spirit of Katharine Deverel had trii tmpfaed, and the home of her anoestors stood e'-topty. Fire yearti had oome and gone, bringing with th Bm many changes. Diok Forster, now Bishop of Honduras, was doing good work for God aitd mah in his far-off colonial Diooese. His place in Harrison's daily life had been filled b:r another friend of his schoolboy days, who wr«s also shortly to become his brother-inlaw. Jack Ghainberlayne was a,handsome, genial ;poung fellow, blessed witb a fine oonsti- ,tutiou, 's sweet temper, and a very considerable fortunrt and the match between his favourite sister itnd his special dun was a source of unmixed satisfaction to Gerald. Die two men were' constantly together until a matter of bntinwp obliged Harrison to visit the sooth of Earopii. The transaction occupied him for some months, and it wa* not till the end of Decem ber that he found himself once more on Engl is! i soil. He reached Dover at noon on the .last da y of the year; and drove straigh- to the Lord Warden. A pv>ket of letters was awaiting him. They had been for warded from Sau Carr£n to after his departure, and among them was an envelope addressed in Ohamberiayne's charac: leristio handwriting. "De*T old boy,"ran the letter, "what do you mi ian by spending Christmas in a dirty Italian village, instead of returning to the bosom of yonr family like a respectable Englis'hman ? I don't believe a word about the viceys rds. Tell your agent to go to the devil, and come to us for the new year, or neither Elaine nor I will have anything more to do with you. The Hunt Ball is on the 6th, the Oardw vll's on the following evening. On the 7th Mils. Verelst is giving some theatricals io which we are going to distinguish ourselves, and th ere are three or four other minor events which you ought not to miss. Also I want your valuable advice as to the wisdom of buying; a place in Creamshire. I only heard of it lust week, and have already made up my mind to purchase, so yonr counsel must tend in that direction if you wish me to profit by it. It is K jolly old bouse, with capital stabling and ni<se gardens. There is a ripping tennislawn (ittom for two courts if I fill up a pond at the end), and a lot of old oak indoors. I forgot 'io say the honse is furnished. It is in the be st part of the Broadborough country, and wi thin reach of the outside meets of Lord Cremo roe's and the Turton. Plenty of sliootii ig. and the whole thing going for a mere song. I believe there is even a family ghost thrown in. I am running down on Friday for a wef»k to eee how I like it, but, of coune, you will put up at my place as you come through town -whether T » m there or not" Harrison waited to hear no more. In a tnomei it the letter was crushed into his pocket, and be was out in the street and hurrying to the ne west telegraph office. Without a second'* delay lae wrote the message and handed it in to the clerk :— "Oh^mberlavne, 112, Piccadilly.—On no account go to Ravenshill Hall till you have seen n ie. Shall be in town this afternoon and will e: :plaiu.—GEBALD." Then he hastened back bo the hotel and ordere d some luncheon. While he was eating he loo! ted out the trains for town. The next was due in twenty minutes. His portmanteaus had ncit been unstrapped. Harrison sent for a cab) paid his bill, and in less than an hour was vtoll on his way to London, Fwa the moment of reading Chamberlayne's description of his projected purchase he had decided on the course he. must pursue. Though the name of the plaoe was not mentioned he knew by a sadden swift intuition that it was Ravenshill HalL Baok to his mind with the freshness of yesterday swept the memory of that terrible night five yean ago, and he shuddered as he recalled the words of the old farmer. '* No man, be he young or old, good or evil, so that he does not bear the name of Deverel, shall live to see the new year break within these walla. I will die on Deverel land, and he who braves my corse shall die even as I have died." " Many and many a good man has met that death einoe." Was another victim destined to be added to the long roll-call of that terrible vengeance, and that victim his old playmate, bis friend, his almost brother? No, thank God; therg was yet time to avert the stroke of fate. Jack most have reoeived his wire by now. He would be waiting for the promised explanation. The slow hoars wore on; the train rattled and groand its way through the wintry landscape. The sky was leaden and dull. On the horizon lay dense masses of clouds, black and heavy with snow. By the time they ran into Charing Cross large flakes were floating lazily down to join iheir crushed and mud-stained comrades on the dirty pavement. Evidently there bad been a considerable fall earlier in the day, for the roofs down idle Strand were gleaming white, and great heaps of snow had been soraped up from the roadway and piled behind the pillars of the station gates. Harrison gob hie luggage on to a hansom and drove straight to his friend's chambers. As be glanced up at the windows it struck him as odd that no lights were to be seen. The housekeeper answered his ring. " Oh, is it you, Mr. Harrison ? Very glad to eee yon bgok, sir. There is a letter for you upstairG and three telegrams. The first came on Wednesday, sir. The cote Mr. Chamberlayne left for you; be expected you would be here on Wednesday." "Left for me," repeated Gerald, anxiously. "He has not gone, surely. Did he not get my wire?" " I sent it on wish the other letters this morning, sir. Mr. Chamberlayne has been cone a week—him and Mr. Curtis. He is «v-on)aiBJsnire,~«D KavenSDin nan, Mallowby." Harrison's brain reeled. He saw it all now. That letter had been a week in travelling to Italy and baok again to England. He had cried "Peace, peace," when there was no pebce; when all the time he was too late, and Jade had gone to that accursed house, and— this was Sew Year's Eve. " Fetch the letters, Mrs. Williams; or, stay, I will get.them myself." He tore upstairs, two steps at a time, snatched the envelopes from the mantelpiece, and wis bask to the cab before the astounded housekeeper could utter a syllable. "King's Dross!" he shouted to the driver; " and a dbrible fare if I catch the 7.5 for the north. It is a matter of life and death." "HI dt> my best, sir," said the man, dubiously; "but it's darned bad-going." Never bad the way seemed eo long; never did time go faster and horse more slowly. To Harrison e overwrought fancy they crept along, and again and again he raised the trap and implored the man to whip up. The agony and anxiety in his white, drawn face moved the cabby's heart to. pity, and he generously refrained from swearing at his impetuous fare. "A cove is that onreasonable when 'e's in trouble,"he growled to himself aloft. "Does 'e want me to let the mare down, and make sure of Iosin' 'e bloomin' train ?'' At last tbey turned into the Euston-road. The enow WAB coming down in good earnest nop, and Gerald could hardly eee the hands of the clock for the blinding flakes. It wanted eight minutes to 7. ' Thank God !"*' he murmured, as the hansom turned into the yard of the Greath Northern. Before the man had time to pull np he was out on the ground. "Mallowby," be called to th9 porter: "can I do it?" "Four minutes," was the response. Gerald flung half a sovereign to the driver and rushed into the booking-office. The bell was ringing when he got on to the platform. The porter had put hia portmanteaus into a carriage, and was holding open the door. He threw himself into a eeat with a sense of gratitude that he was to have the compartment to himself. To maintain an app9arance of indifferent calm at this moment would, he felt, have been impossible. He was enduring a ruirtyrdom of suspense. If,his friend'6 life bad not already paid the forfeit for another's sin, every second that tioked its course was bringing him nearer to it* end. He conjured up with horrible dis- tinctness the dark libury, the deep reoessee on either side of the fireplace lined with books, the massive oak furniture. He could hear the weird murmur of voices without, the ghostly steps on the drive; then the heavy velvet curtains trembled, parted, and a woman's figure stood framed in the long window—a woman witb dripping garments and a white set face, lighted by strange, lurid eyes—eyes which were dead, and yet alive in their fierce hatred and unquenohable thirst for revenge. How they glittered ! They were close to him now, looking in through the carriage window, and Harrison, who had once laughed contemptuously at the mere notion of supernatural manifestations, was perilously near raising a ghost for himself from the intensity of his nervous excitement. Fortunately, at this juncture he remembered that Jack's letter and the telegrams were still unopened in his pocket, and the break in the sequence of thought gave him time to pull himself together. With a half-laugh at hia own weakness he drew the curtains across the windows, and, lighting a cigar, tore open the yellow envelopes. All three messages had been banded in at Mallowby Station. The first was dated December 29, and said, "Oome down as soon as possible. Dull and seedy. Want cheering up.—CHAMBEBLAYNE." " He is getting nervous," Gerald said to himself, " and did not like to acknowledge it." # The second telegram was more urgent, and enclosed a reply form. " Must see you to-day. Iinportant. Wire what train. Don't fail me. —JACK." The third was signed by Chamberlayne's valet. "Something seriously wrong here. Please come at once; very anxious about master." Harrison's face grew very grave. Something must indeed have been wrong before the punctilious Curtis would take upon himself to send a wire like that. His fears returnea *ith renewed force. It was torture to think of Jack sending message after message only to meet with blank silence. There was a piteous reproach in the last appeal, " Don't fail me." "As if I were likely to do that so long as I am above ground," thought Gerald. "Poor old Jack ; he might have known I should have answered if I'd ever^ot the things." At Peterborough he went to the refreshment room and swallowed a sandwich and a few mouthfuls of soup while his flask was replenished with brandy. Very few passengers joined the train, and no one came into Harrison'* carriage. As the hours dragged out thei<weary length he grew more and more reatles: and nervous. He paoed the six feet of Sonlike a oaged animal. He let down the window. A cloud of fine snow blew in through the opening. All around hedg6«, fields, and trees were wrapped in a dense white mantle. It wa* bitterly oold. Despite his fur-lined ooat, hot tin, and a couple of rags his teeth were ohattering and his bands were like ioe. He looked at his watch. It was half-past 9\. In thirty minutes the train was. duet at Mallowby, and they had not passed Grantham yet. Surely, too, they were slackening speed. Half doubting the evidence of his senses, he again opened the window. The tram was- unmistakably at a standstill, but there was not the slightest sif^n of a station. The wind had risen, and whistled through the telegraphwires overhead. Between the gusts he conld hear the murmur of voices. Presently a man passed along the footboard. It was the guard. Harrison enquired the cause of the delay. "Line blocked, I'm afraid, sir," was the reply, " but I will let you know as I oome back." With an exolamation, which was almost a groan, Gerald flung himself back in his seat. Were the fates leagued against him that now, when every moment might seal Jack Chamberlayne's death warrant, he must perforce sit idle, bound hand and foot by the victory of the forces ot Nature over the inventions of man? Five minutes passed, ten, twenty, thirty. Then the guard put his head in at the door. " All right, sir; line is clear; we shall go on directly." At one minute past 11 the London train, more than an hour behind its time, set down a single passenger at Mallowby. Harrison at onoe addressed himself to the stationm^ster, and enquired how he could get to the old Hall. The man had been on the Coroner's Jury five years before, and remembered his face. " Going to the Hall to-night, Bir ? Why," were not you here when poor Mr. Granville was drowned? You don't want to see it a second time, surely!" "God forbid!" answered Gerald quickly, " but I want to prevent it. A dear friend of mine ie at that devilish house to-night. He does not know his danger, and I mean to save him." " You can't do it," returned the man, bluntly. " Best keep clear of the black work that will be going forward up there. There is no baulking the Deverel curse. It will have i its victim. God help him, I say, and all those who sleep under that roof on New Year's Eve. Tou can aa wnbfug twihom.- - —.-- "I mean to try,"answered Harrison, with set teeth. "I have no time to waste. Where can I get f. trap ?" " Nowhere nearer than the village. It will take you as long as walking the whole way. The roads are awful." "Then I must walk. Can you find me a lantern 1 For Heaven's sake be quick. Every minute may mean hiB life nofc. What do I care about the danger? Man, I tell yoa he is my friend. He is to marry my sister in a fortnight, and I will either save him or die witb him." The stationmastei hesitated a moment. "Look here, sir," he Baid hurriedly, "you,r a brave man, and I'll do what I can to help you. That was my last train till 1.30. I'll come with you as far as the gates. It will save you losing the way, and parhaps & bit of time getting through th9 drifts besides." Gerald thanked him heartily,-and side by side they turned their backs to the lights of the little station, and struck into the lonely road which lay between the railway and the haunted house. It had ceased snowing now. A few stars gleamed out between the rifts in the cloudy sky. From time to time a pale moon showed her face, now flooding the white landscape with a cold grey light, now hiding herself in a veil of fleecy vapour, as though she feared to see those things which should be done on the earth. By the help of the stationmaster's lantern the two men managed to keep to the narrow cart track. The road was desperately bad. In placer the snow was fully two feet deep. With the rising moon a keen wind had got up, wbich came sweeping over the level fields right in their faces and cut like a knife. At the turning into the village where the land sloped a little the drifts were almost impassable. At every step they sank above the knee. Harrison could hear hiB oompanion's breath coming thick and short. He was evidently getting done. For himself he was impervious to all outward discomfort. Cold, fatigue, hunger; he was vaguely conscious that be should know them all if be were not past feeling now. His whole mind, will, nerve, aye, bis very being, were centred in the one intense determination to save his friend. At length they gained the main street of the village. Here the snow wae trodden down and the going comparatively easy. Hardly a light was to be seen in any of the cottages. Involuntarily Gerald's eyes turned towards the rectory. It was wrapped in shadow and silence; but from the old grey tower, looming up behind, gleamed a. email point of yellow light. Slowly it crept from window to window, steadily ri«inp, rising. A cold shudder ran through the man who watched it. He knew what it meant; that the last sands were falling from the hour-glass of time; that the life of the old year must now be measured by minutes. The ringers were going up to the belfry. "Oh. God?" he groaned inwardly, "give me strength ; give me time." " Have you got a drop of brandy about you, sir?" suggested the practical Miles. "It would help to keep the spirit in us a bit." Without slackening his pace Gerald held oat his fiask. "A'tar you, sir, a'ter.you." "I don't want any, thanks." His ears were strained for the firet stroke of that ominous bell. "Oh, come now, sir, fair do's. You will need your strength more than me, and I say a'ter you. To save discussion Harrison put the flask to bis lips." The spirit sent a warm glow through his sluggish veins. At he same moment the Btillness of the night wa* liroken by the solemn tolling of the passing bell. With a cry of horror he thrust the brandy into his companion's hands, and began to run as if for his life. Immediately before him the road curved sharply to the left, and far ahead through the skeleton branches of the leafless elms gleamed half a dozen irregular patches of light. They shone from the windows of the Hall. Slowly, mournfully pealed the muffled notes from the belfry. The ltcell of the old year, dying hard in the chill winter night; the knc-ll of a human soul, who might even now be passing from life and love to the horror of unknown darkness, through the gate of a fearful death. The thought was torture. How he lived through those moments of suspense Harrison never knew. He could not have told how he covered the ground, or when he passed the gates whioh led up to the houee. His brain burned like molten iron, on which the slow monotonous clang of the bell fell like the strokes of a. heavy hammer. He forgot the ctationmuster, plodding along in the rear— forgot everything but that his goal was reached, if only he had not come too late. The lower windows wore closed, but from tha chinks in theehutters stole the warm glow of fire and lamp, end as he reaobed the oomer of the houee lie could catch the sound of approaching voices. Voices, yes !—but what tort of voices 1 Nearer they came, now swelling louder, now sinking to a whisper, but ever drawing nearer, till he oould hear the words repeated in every shade of tone, from malignant exultation to concentrated passion of resolve. "We shall have him to-night!" they said, with ghastly reiteration. " We shall have him to-night I" Like a wave of ioe-oold air the horrible sounds passed by him, reoeded, and died away with as eoho of fiendish laughter. Despite an inexpressible thrill of fear, that lent a shudder through his whole frame, and nearly raised the hair , on his head, .Harrison was conscious of a faint hope that all was not over yet. Slowly and more slowly came the tolling of the belL It was on the verge of midnight. Suddenly from within the closed windows of the library issued a wild, awful cry. The shutters were flung back, as if by magic the casement was thrown open, and the dark shadow of a man crossed the sill. The moon emerging suddenly from behind • bank of clouds poured down a flood of silvery light on the stone wall, the snowoovered path, and on the figure of Jack Ohamberlayne, who, with hands clenohed as if in mortal pain, his eyes fixed with an expression of nameless horror on some objeot, invisible to all but him, was slowly following the ghostly vision along the drive, aoross the lawn, to With a supreme, effort Harrison threw off the paralysing numbness whioh was creeping over him. Instinotively he dashed serosa the grass and stood between Chamberlayne and the fatal pond. Twelve paces from him his friend was advancing, slowly, unswervingly, like one who walks in his sleep. ** Jack," he shouted, " Jack, it is I, Gerald. Don't yon know me?" There was not a quiver of the tense eyeballs, not a sign that his voice had reaped those «*ra, deaf now to all earthly sounds, but from the open window of the library a man rushed towards them, crying wildly, " Stop him, for -God's sake, stop him before it is too late." Gathering all his strength, Gerald flung himself upon the approaching figure. A frantic istroggle ensued, for Chamberlayne was the taller by a head, and was at this moment, moreover, endowed with abnormal strength. It was then that his knowledge of wrestling, acquired during a "long" spent in the Cumbenaini dales, stood Harrison in right good stead. He closed with his antagonist, and by • sudden dexterous manoeuvre threw him heavily to the ground,-while overhead across the snowy fields the bells rang out their joyoa* welcome to the glad new year. "Is he—dead?" The valet on his knees beside his master's prostrate form had torn open Chamberlayne's vest and shirt, and was feeling for the faint pulsation which tells that the spirit has not yet quitted its earthly tenement. "Fainted, I think; I can feel his heart beat." '" Thank God, sir, yoa came when yon did. I should have been too late. Can yoa help me to carry him, Mr. Harrison? No, not to that infernal plaoe!" as Gerald glanoed involuntarily towards the lighted windowB. " They are all np at the gardener's cottage. I wanted Mr. Chamberlayne to sleep there to-night; but you know what he is—told me to go myself if I was frightened. I had not been oat of the room five minutes when I heard that awful cry. and—Holy Virgin ! What is that?" Harrison turned instinctively towards the library window. From the open sash a long tongae of yellow flame leaped out, curling round the edge of the ourtain and licking op the thick silk"cording as though it were a mere thread. Then Another, and another. Fanned by the fresh breeze from without, the yellow glare broadened and deepened till the whole room was filled with a fierce lurid glow, succeeded by dense clouds of smoke and an ominous crackling sound. "Theplaoe is on fire !"oried Gerald. "There is not a moment to lose. We must get your master into shelter and give the alarm 1" " Holy St. Patrick, defend us !" murmured OurtiB, hastily orossing himself, as he stooped to raise the helpless form of poor Chamberlayne. Then, as best .they could, the two men carried their burden across the lawn, along the drive, and up the side path leading to the fruit gardens. " Who is in the home ?" gasped Harrison, as, staggering and breathless, they reached the door of the aottage. " Are any servants there?" "Not a soul. Mrs. Bamfield here came in the day. She left directly dinner was served. There is no one in the plaoe to barn bat the devil's spawn as lighted it. The valet's resonant knock* soon brought the gardener to the door, and while his wife was helping Curtis to restore his master to odnsciousness Bamfield hurried Gerald off to the village to obtain assistance. Just outride the gates they enooantered the stationmaster, who was hanging about in great distress of mind, too anxious on Harrison's account to return to Mallowby, yet not daring to adventure himself within the fatal precincts of the Hall. His relief and joy at finding Gerald still alive knew no bounds, and he readily undertook to see a messenger dispatched for the nearest doctor on his way back to the station. Meanwhile an alarm had been raised, and the deeping village was raised by the hoarse cries of " Fire !" The ringers had been the first to see the red glare through the trees; but before long some forty men bad turned out to join the little crowd tJreidy assembled "before the burning houee. Under Harriso&'s direction a body of labourers, headed by the gardener and bailiff, made an attempt to oh ack the progress of the flames. Bat their effort* were scarcely perceptible. With a sharp wind blowing, and no better appliances at oommand than a line of buokets and a couple of garden-hose, it was evident from the firet that the Hall was practically doomed. The old oak, of which the interior was chiefly built, bumed like tinder. Within twenty minutes of the first outbreak the flame*' bad spread to the upper story. Window after window lent its aid to that weird illumination. The great carved bedsteads, the. massive presses and cabinets, glowed and crackled in the fierce heat. Deverel after Deverel, -clothed in dainty satin or shining armour, shrivelled and-.cracked away from their frames, to go down calm and unflinching, as became true knights and brave gentlewomen, into that burning fiery furnace. Still the fixe-fiend raged on, vast clouds of black einoke mingling with theglare, while from time to time could be heard the heavy crftth of falling beams and flooring. As the clock of the old Chnroh chimed the first hour of the new year, with a sound like the roll of distant artillery, swelling gradually into a deafening roar, the roof fell in, and there shot up to heaven one mighty sheet of flame, which turned the Bky into a crimson pall, and lighted up the snow-clad country for miles around. Was it a trick of over-heated imagination, a play of superstitions fancy, or did those who stood by at that moment really hear that hideous peal of shrill triumphant laughter, whioh made the stoutest heart among them quail, and forced each man to edge involuntarily nearer his neighbour i It lasted but for an instant, then nothing was aadible bat the continuous roar of the flames. Before the pale dawn bad warmed into the red flush of sunrise RavennhiU Hall was a heap of smonlderihg ashes, enclosed in four grim, emoke- blackened walls. From attic to cellar not a corner had been spared. The fire had done its work thoroughly, and of the original structure nothing remained save the bare, tottering shell. "It wer'th'Lord's will," said old Dawson, who had come down to inspect the scene of the late cast&strophe;, "that Katharine Deverel should hev her reets; and now as He's proved as mon caan't go agin' Him He's maade awa* wi' th' dommed ould plaace, an' a good riddance too. The Lord avenges the widder and the feytherless, though He keeps 'un waitin' a bit first soomtoimes, and it seams to me," con- cluded the farmer, thoughtfully, " as soom o' the poor bodies in Oireland should be hevin' theer turn afore long." " It will be a bad look-out for the Land Le&gae; when they do;" answered Harrison, with a quiet smile. He was a little oppressed by the situation in which he found himself, for the events of that New Year's Eve were the talk of the country side, and Gerald the hero of the hour. A man who, single-handed, had braved the Deverel ghosts and baulked them of their prey ranked, by the Mallowby standard, above Gordon, and only a little lower than Nelson. The worthy Miles was never tired of recounting the incidents of that midnight walk, and drew upon his in.agination for certain effective touches to that part of the adventure to which he had not been an eye-witness. The rustic mind is slow to reoeive a new impression ; but when it does get a sensation it makes the most of it. The people would listen to the story twenty times a day. They repeated it to eaoh other; they turned it inside and out and disoussed it threadbare, beginning it over again for the benefit of every fresh comer. To Gerald, who was heartily sick of the place and the subject, this lionizing was inexpressibly irritating, and he was thankful when the doctor at last gave permission for Ohamberlayne to be removed. Thanks to his splendid constitution, backed up by the devoted nursing of Curtis and hie friend, Jack escaped brain fever; bat he had received a terrible shock, and his nerves were sorely Bhaken. It was not till the snow wreaths had melted on the Creamshire Wolds and crocuses were showing their gold andpurple heads above the dark earth in suburban gardens that Harrison was called upon to officiate &B; best man at a very pretty wedding in a certain fashionable London Church, after which ceremonv Mr. and Mrs. Ja'k Chamberlayne went off to the Riviera, where it was hoped that southern sunshine and a little judicious excitement at Monte Carlo would efface from the bridegroom's memory the experiences of that terrible New Year's Eve. Of what he htd actually seen and heard in the awful interval between his servant's departure and his subsequent return to consciousness Chamberlayne never speaks. "I used to wonder," he once said to Gerald, "why Lazarus and those other fellows who were raised from the dead never told what tbey did and how they felt. I think I understand now. It was too terrible. They could not put it into word*, and that is how I feel about that night—as if I had been brought back from the dead." 