Anmsemenis. The wisdom of Mr. Dampier's decision to re vive his Shaksperian Fridays has been fully demonstrated by the fact that for ' Hamlet ' to night nearly all the reserved seats in the dregs circle have been already secured. Many of the city aldermen have booked seats for to-night, at tracted doubtless by the announcement that their worthy colleague. Alderman J. H. Sainfoi d, is to play the Ghost on this occasion. A new Ophelia will be seen in this production in the person of Miss Rose Dampier, and the re mainder of the principal characters ,will be disposed of as follow : Claudius (King of .Denmark), .Mr. J. P. West ; Polonius (Lord Chamberlain), Mr. H. Hodson; Laertes, Mr. A. Rolfs; Horatio, Mr. A. Harford; Osric, Mr. A. Woods ; First Gravedigger, Mr. H. Leston ; Second Gravedigger, Mr. G. Buller; Rosencrantz, Mr. B. Enelandj Guildenstern, Mr. H. Overton; Marcellus, Bernardo, and Francisco (officers of the guard), Messrs. A. B. Manning, H. A. Mey mott, and E. Wilson ; Priest, Mr. I. Norbert; First Piayer, Mr. H. Phmmer; Second Player, Mr. F. Stevens; Hamlet (Prince of Denmark), Alfred Dampier; Gertrude (Queen of Denmark), Miss Julia Merton ; Actress, Miss Alice May. To-morrow evening ' For the term of his Natural Life' will be played at this popular theatre, the cast for which has already appeared in these columns. To-night will aee the last of ' Maritana' at the Lyceum Theatre, and to-morrow Carmen (not up to data) will be played, on which occasion Miss Florence Young, the young Melbourne soprano, who has aLeady been heard here in comic opera, will make her first appearance with this company in the character o£ Michaela. No change of -bill is likely to be announced at the Criterion Theatre for some weeks, for ' The Village Priest ' has proved a decided success, and the houees are as crowded as ever. A bill announcing that standing room only is to be procured at the Tivoli Theatre eenerallv greets the eye of the late comer, and Mr. Harry Kickarde and his merry company are bounding along the highway to suceese. The usual change will be made in the bill to-morrow evening. The Imperial Minstrel and Specialty Company, captained by Mr. H. Barrington, is still proving a big draw at the Opera House, and large houses are the rule. A complete change of programme will be given this evening, when Mr. K. F. Keat ing announces several startling novelties. Mr. Billy Emerson has proved a decided draw at the Alhambra Music Hall, where Messrs. l-elohery, Cray don, and Holland have trot to gether an excellent variety company. ' Could I only Back the Winner' still remains a firm favorite, and is encored every evening. The first of a series of popular concerts, ar ranged by Mr. W. M. Whiddon, will be given at the School of Arts, Pitt-street, to-morrow evening, when the following well-known artists will appear: The Misses Colbourne Baber, Lottie Hyam, and Florence Tuckett, Messrs. Rivers Allpress, Wil liam Walehe, T. H. Eainford, and D. Clancy. Mr. Harrison White will be the accompanist, and the programme will be a very attractive one. The Battle of Gettysburg still wages at the Cyclorama, where new mechanical effects and startling novelties in stage craft t re continually being introduced. The decks of the convict hulk Success have been crowded during the week with sightseers, at tracted by the weird collection of effigies and relics of the old convict days that are displayed on board. 