THE COMPLETED CENSUS OF INDIA. The Indian Census Commissioner (says the Times on October 10) has presented his report at an opportune moment. It is well that, after the half-truths, doubtful assertions, and counter assertions of the Indian budget debate, this vast storehouse of verified facts should be thrown open to the nation. Mr Jer- voise Baines brought to his duties as Imperial Census Commissioner for India in 1891 more than 20 years' administrative experience of a varied and an exceptionally instructive character. As a young civilian of the Rugby and Trinity College, Cambridge, type, he was early selected, after obtaining a thorough knowledge of his work in the districts, for employment in the Bombay secretariat. His service at the headquarters of that Government led to his being entrusted with the Bombay Presidency census in 1881; and his report, together with two others, stood out conspicuous for merit among all the provincial census reports of India. During the next 10 years, in addition to his regular duties as a district administrator, Mr. Baines acquired valuable and special experience of the working of the forest system and the income-tax operations in the Bombay Presidency, and he was for a time Director of Agriculture. The chapters on the social and economic conditions of the people, on their occupations, distribution, movements, and domestic life, which enrich his Imperial Census Report for India for 1891, bear witness to the solid knowledge which he has amassed in regard to every aspect of rural life in India, and to his ability to apply that knowledge to the statistical treatment of the population. The functions of a census in European countries, with their long series of periodical enumerations, are well defined. In America, with its shorter history, wider area, rising nationalities, and dying-out races, the operators allow themselves a more varied treatment. Some of the subsidiary contributions to the United States census form historical and literary monographs of rare merit, rather than statistical reports. In India, with its first general census dating only from 1872, its dense population made up of many nations and races, its complicated problems of economics, and all the novel phenomena of a rapid transition stage, the census means something at once less and a great deal more than it does in a European or an American country. It is not merely a work of enumeration, comparison, and induction on certain well-known lines. Indeed, it must be frankly stated that in these important respects the Indian census has not yet reached the standard of the best European models. But in other and wider aspects, as a vast depository of ethnical, linguistic, anthropological, and economic inquiry, conducted on scientific principles and by uniform methods over a continental area, the Imperial census of India stands alone in the world. The salient feature of the Indian continent is the density of its population. While comprising only 3 per cent. of the land surface of the globe, it contains about 20 per cent. of the computed inhabitants of the world. If we confine our view to the British provinces and exclude the outlying and comparatively recent acquisitions of Burma and Assam, the popu- lation is crowded upon the soil at the rate of 279 persons to the square mile. This rate exceeds that of any other large agricultural country on the earth. France has 180 persons to the square mile, Austria 191 Prussia 223, the Ger- man Empire 237, and Italy (the garden of Europe) 240\. Even in England, wherever the density approaches to 200 to the square mile it ceases to be a rural population, and has to subsist, to a greater or less extent, by manufactures, mining and city industries. This density of the population is the first great fact with which an Indian census has to deal, and very interesting are the lights which Mr. Baines brings to bear upon it. His general conclusions are that the soil of India as a whole still suffices for the wants of the population, and that the rate of increase in the population is not greater than the still undeveloped capabilities of the country may fairly expected to keep pace with. These conclusions he arrives at after a careful examination of the data such as has never before been submitted to statistical criticism. Even the most densely- peopled tracts of rural India, he maintains, are, as a rule, no worse off than Goldsmith's ideal village of Aubura in its happy days, when Light labour spread her wholesome store Just gave what life required, but gave no more. This is indeed the normal condition of many of the purely agricultural areas in Asia, and of several of them in Europe. But Mr. Baines sagaciously adds, "There is no doubt that the region of periodic rainfall is not the place for the experiment of how fine the provision of nature can be run." He adds, however, "Even in the parts of India thus unfavourably situated the amount of capital put by is remarkable. " He shows the general coincidence of a high density of population per square mile with the amount of rainfall — a coincidence greatly affected by other circumstances, and particularly by the character of the soil. The mean rainfall of India is 42in. a year. The high pressures of the population commence in areas of 35in. of rainfall, with 247 persons to the square mile, and gradually rise to 310 persons per square mile in areas with 49in. of rainfall. In areas with less than 35in. the density of the population decreases pari passu to 54 persons per square mile in tracts having a mean rainfall of 7in. In areas with high rainfall of 53in. to 140in. the same uniformity of relation is not disclosed. But it may be observed that in the areas with 140in. of rainfall and over the mean density is returned at 306 persons per square mile. A more significant and more ominous feature is the fact that 142 millions of people, or more than a half of the whole population contained within the areas dealt with, dwell in tracts having less than the average rainfall is 42in a year. Mr. Barnes proceeds next to examine the evidence in regard to the movements of the population, particularly as to their migrations and their rate of in- crease. He finds that of the females between 15 and 40 years of age no fewer than 84 per cent. are married, whereas in Europe, omitting Hungary, the average is not above 40 per cent. He also shows how the Indian custom of very youthful marriages brings on successive generations at a rapid rate, and would of itself tend to the multiplication of families. He then considers the factors which operate in a contrary direction. In the first place about 26 per cent. of the children born do not live to the end in their first year, against a corresponding death-rate of about 15½ per cent. in England. This is perhaps due, in some measure, to the extreme youthfulness of the parents, and the inability of the child-wife in many cases to bear the burden of maternity. In the second place the returns disclose a want of staying power after middle life, the deficiency of persons of 40 years old and new areas being more than 5 per cent. as compared with the age tables of Europe The result of these and of other causes, including malarial fevers and the epidemic diseases incident to tropical countries, is to reduce the average duration of life to a little over 24 years in India as against nearly 44 years in England. With respect to famine, Mr. Barnes observes that "the number of people who die from actual want of food is probably small compared to the deaths which result from the greater hold which disease gets on those who are enfeebled by diminution of their usual supply of nutriment." From the data now collated it is clear that famine is most fatal to children, especially during the first five years of life. It then seems to pass lightly over the adults and to fit again on the aged whenever the distress is acute. The females appear to have a greater power of resistance to famine than the males. The statistical evidence bears witness to the advance that has been made within the present generation as to "how to deal with these calamities so that their effects may be mitigated, though to prevent them is impracticable" in tracts dependent upon an uncertain rain- fall. The net result of the equation of forces — early marriages, almost universal wedlock, high infant death rate, and short duration of life — is a very moderate increase of the Indian population, at just under 1 per cent. a year. In England and Wales the annual rate of increase is 1.28 per cent., in Germany and in Canada 1.07, in Belgium and Denmark 0.99, in India 0.93 per cent per annum/ India, therefore, holds an intermediate position between the rapidly- increasing European populations and those at the other end of the scale, such as Switzerland and Bavaria (0.64 per cent. a year), Spain (0.55 per cent. ), and Sweden to 0.50 per cent.) But compared with typical agricultural countries in Europe like Italy (0,62 per cent.) and France 0.06 per cent.), the Indian population is rapidly increasing. The local rate varies according to the surplus land and comparative paucity of population in the various provinces, from about 0.4 per cent in the crowded Gangetic tracts of the North-west to 2½ per cent. a year in the under- peopled districts of Lower Burma. Reviewing the whole statistical data, Mr. Baines comes to the conclusion that the people of British India are, as a whole, advancing in wealth, in staying power against scarcities, and in the ability to spend money on luxuries and comforts as distinguished from the necessaries of life. Passing over the section on the occupations of the people which, although a marked improvement on the corresponding sections in the Census reports of 1872 and 1881, still leaves much to be desired, we come to a really great piece of original work in the chapter on the ethnographic distribution of the popu- lation. Mr Baines devotes 90 folio pages to an a elaborate examination of the race statistics of India, from the various points of view of language, religion, caste, and tribe. This admirable monograph and the equally original and striking essay on marriage and widowhood in India (chapter IX.) will form mines of first-hand knowledge in which the philosophical ethnologist of many countries will dig for years to come. Mr. Baines starts from the earliest stages of Indian religious belief, which he generalises under the name of Animism, a term to which, for Indian census pur- poses, we can yet accord only a qualified approval. According to its scientific, if somewhat extended, definition by Tiele, "Animism is the belief in the existence of souls or spirits, of which only the powerful — those on which man excels himself dependant, and before which he stands in awe — acquire the rank of divine beings and become objects of worship." As a matter of fact the "Animistic" races of India are, for the purposes of the census, merely the hill and "forest tribes who were not locally acknowledged to be made, Mussul- man, Christian, or Buddhist by religion." It seems possible that the 9¼ millions of fetish-wor- shippers, ghost-worshippers, spirit-worshippers, and believers in spells, incantations, and rude magical rites. now for the first time classed as Animistic in the Indian census may appear under a simpler group-name in future census reports. Apart from questions of nomenclature, in regard to which much may be said on both sides, the chapter is a living presentment of the religions of India from the lower to the highest types, as they actually existed in 1891. In the same way the chapter on marriage sets forth each step in the advance of the conceptions which regulate the relations of the sexes, from the various phases of polyandry among the ancient isolated races, with whom one a woman is the wife of several men, through the Levirate customs of marrying the widows of near relatives to polygamy or polygyny, monogamy, and the enforced celibacy of widowhood. Except among the richer Mussulmans and certain hill-tribes, polygamy, although permissible, is almost unknown. Even including those classes, there are only seven in every thousand Indian husbands who have more than one wife. 