OUR NOVEL. SHOW FIRST PTJBMBHEB.l ALL ALONG THE RIVER, ] BY MISS M E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Venetians : or, All in Honour," " Aurora Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," " Just as I Am," " Taken, at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune,"' "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and) Welt," As., An (Copyrighted, by Tittotson & Son.) CHAPTER XVII Continued). " Uo SUDDEN FANCY OF AN ARDENT BOY." And then he began to talk of ways and! means, as if they were going to be married! next week. " We shall have enough for bread and cheese, love," he said. " I am better off than a good many younger sons; for a certain old grandmother in our family married with unsettlement which provided for the younger branches It is quite, possible that Lostwithiel may never marry -indeed, he seems to me very decided against matrimony, and in that case those who come after us must inherit title and, estate-in-the-days- spent- - j , "Pray don't talk so," cried Allegra,. horrified. "It sounds as if you were speculating upon your brother's death." J On Lostwithiel's death. Not for worlds. God bless him, wherever he may the Toa don't know how fond we two fellows are of each other. Only when a man is going to be married, it behoves him to think seriously. I shall have to, talk to the Colonel, remember; and he will expect me to be explicit and business-like "I hope you; don't think Martin is mercenary," said Allegra. " There never was a man who set less value on money. It wouldn't make any difference to him, if you had not a penny. And as for me, I have a little income from my mother-? more than enough to buy frocks and things and beyond that I can earn my, own living. So you really needn't trouble yourself about me." - There was a touching simplicity in her speech, mingled with a slight flavour of audacity of an emancipated young woman, winch amused her lover, reminding him of a heroine of Murger's, words Musset's,, a brave little rosette, who was willing to work hard for the menage deux and who wanted nothing from her lover but love. He looked into the bright, frank face, radiant in the fire glow, and he told' himself that this was just the one woman for whom his heart had kept itself empty like a 'temple waiting for its God, it all! the years of his manhood. And now the temple door had opened wide, the gates had been lifted up, and the goddess had marched in, triumphant and all-conquer The clock on the mantel-piece struck six, and the old eight day clock in the hall followed like a solemn echo. Captain Herbert started up. " So late ! Why, we have been talking nearly two hours !" he exclaimed, " and I have a budget of letters; to write for the night mail. Good-bye, darling, or I'll say au revoir, for I think, m walk down again after dinner and get, half-an-hour's chat with Disney, if you don't think it will be too late for me to see him." '? You know he is always pleased to see you we are not very early people-and! this is Christmas Eve. We were to sit' round the fire and tell ghost stories, don't! you remember P" " Of course we were. I shall be here soon after, nine, and I shall think over all tlm'grH¿ly legends I ever heard, as I, down the hill. He 'went reluctantly, leaving her standing by the fire, a contemplative figure with downcast eyes. At a little later stage in their engagement no doubt she would have gone with him to the door, or even out to the garden gate, for a lingering parting under the stars but there was a shyness about them both in this sweet dim beginning of their union, when it was so strange to each to have any claim upon the other. " How lightly she took the whole business," Captain Herbert said to him self as he went up the hill. " Yet her voice trembled now and then-and her hand was deadly cold when first I clasped it. I think she loves me. A year," snapping his fingers gaily at the stars " what is a year P A year of bliss if it be mostly spent with her. Besides, year-long engagements are apt to swindle. I have known such engagements entered on solemnly like ours to-night-shrink to six months, or less. Why should one linger, at the threshold of a new life if he knows it is going to be completely happy P" The happy lover had not been gone five minutes when: Isola came creeping into the room, and put her arm round Allegra's neck and kissed her flushed cheek. " Why, Isa, Where have you been hiding all this evening P" " I had fallen asleep in my room, just half an hour before tea, and when I awoke it was five o'clock, and Letcher told me you and Captain Herbert were in the drawing-room. And as you two have always so much to talk about, I thought I wonldnVdistnrb you. do I let Luncheon make tea for me in the nursery, and I stayed there to play with baby. And here you are all alone in the dark." 44 Oh, we had the firelight- Parker forgot to bring the lamp." " And you forgot to ring for it' said Isola, going over to the bow-window, and drawing back a curtain. " What a lovely sky. Who could think it was Christmas time P" The moon I was in her second quarter, shining brilliantly, in the deep purple of a sky almost without a cloud. " Will you put on your hat and jacket and come for a stroll in the garden, Isa ?" asked Allegra. " It's a mild dry night, and I don't think the air can hurt you." " Hurt me ! It will an me all the good in the world. Yes, I shall be ready in a moment." They went out into the hall, where Allegra packed her sister-in-law carefully in a warm, fur-bordered jacket and flung a tartan shawl round her own shoulders. Then they went out into the garden, and and to the lawn by the river. The moon [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of theatres AUSTRALIAN. V" .&* shining on the running water brightly coldly clear, while tfie^eálTówson-tHe opposite bank were wrapped in faint,! white mists, which made all the landscape seem area. " Are you not too tired for walking here' after your long day, AUegra," Isola asked, when they had gone up the path two or three times, v " Tired, he. I could walk to Tyward reath, I could walk to the Mausoleum.! Shall we go there P The sea must be lovely under that moon." " My dearest, it is nearly seven o'clock,' and you have been tramping about all day. If you are not very tired, you must be very much excited, Allegra. I am long- ing to hear what it all means." "Are you really, now? Do you care about it,.ISOIAP : Can you, who are firmly; anchored in the haven of marriage, feel, any sentimental interest in other people, tossing about on the sea of courtship?; Martin is to be told everything to-night-! so you may as well known all about it now. You like Captain Herbert don't! you, Isola?" "I do, indeed. I like him and believe in him." "Thank heaven. I should have been; miserable; if you had doubted or disliked) him. He is to be my husband some day, ; Isa, if Martin approve-but not for a year, at least; Tell me, dear, are you glad Pass 3' Yes, I am very glad. God bless you, Allegra, and make your life happy-and free-from--«are." She broke down with those last faltered! words' and - Allegro discovered she was crying...??...-.'>!.'??..:'??.'...??«..:'- . as .?..> .. of "My dearest 'wish,; don't cry. I shall think you are sorry that you think him unworthy;"' "So, no, no. It is not that. He is worthy. He is all that I could desire is] the man who is to be your husband. No, I was only thinking how completely happy iron, and he must be-how, cloudless your life' promises to be God keep you, and guard you dear ! Andmay.youneverknow the pain of parting with the husband yon love-with your protector and friend as 'I'haTe'known^it. or.':': " Yes,- love, that is all past and done with'. There are no more, farewells for you and Martini" ; .'....> . ¡ '-*. Ho, it is past, thank God. Yet one cannot forget. I am very glad Captain Hulbert has left the Navy-thathis profession cannot call. him away from you." "No, he is an idle man. I daresay the time will come when I shall be plagued; with him, and be almost obliged to suggest that he should keep race-horses, or go on the Stock Exchange, to occupy his time. I have heard women say that it is terrible to have a stay-at-home husband. Yet Martin is never de drop-out then Martin can bury himself in a book. He has noJfidgetty ways." all Hdw-iightly-you-tolk, Allegra." " Perhaps that is because my heart is heavy?-heavy..not with, grief and care, "bat with; the burden of perplexity and surprise with the fear ;- that copies of a great joy." - ??'?»* ?:.-;?>.??-? 'You do-love him, then ?" said Isola, earnestly. " You are glad." 'Mam very glad. I am glad with all my heart." ; , " God bless you, dearest. I rejoice in your happiness." : They kissed again, this time with tears on both sides for Allegra was now quite overcome, and sobbed out her emotion upon her sister-in-law's neck, they two standing clasped in. each other's arms beside the river. < ? 32. years ? """'" \ "When I am dead; Allege remember always that I loved you; and that I re- joiced in your happiness as if it were my own." " When you are dead ! How dare you talk like that when we are taking you away to get well, and strong, and to live ever so many years beyond your golden wedding? Was there ever such ingrati- tude?" <; ..... ';..:::...:.. ":.. The odour of tobacco smoke on the evening air, and they heard Martin's firm tread approaching along the gravel path.; Isola put her arm through his while j Allegra ran into the house, and husband and wife walked up and down two or three times in the darkness, she telling! him all about the wonderful thing, that; had happened. ? 1 "You are glad, are you not, Martin! ?! As glad as I am." J. "Are you so very glad P" " Yes, for I know that Allegra loves him, has loved him for a long time." " Meaning six weeks or so-allowing a fortnight for the process of falling in love. Is that what' you call a long time,, Isola?" . "Weeks are long sometimes," she answered, slowly, as if her thoughts had wandered in another channel. " Well, if Allegra is pleased, I suppose I ought to be content," said. Disney.; '" Hulbert seems a fine, frank fellow, and I have never heard anything to his diss credit. He was popular in the Navy, and was considered a man of marked ability.! I daresay people will call him a good match for Allegra, so long as Lostwithiel remains a bachelor." ,-: " No one can be too good for Allegro,; and! only the best of men can be good enough. If I had my own way I should have liked her to remain always unmarried, and to care for nothing but her nephew and you. I should have liked to think of her as always with- you." The triangular dinner party was gayer that evening than it had been for a long time. Isola was in very high spirits, and her husband was delighted at the change from that growing apathy which had frightened him. The ladies had scarcely left the table when Captain Hulbert! arrived, and was ushered into the dining room, where Martin Disney was smoking his after-dinner pipe in the chimney corner-the old chimney corner, of that original Angler's Nest, which had been a humble homestead two hundred years ago. The two men shook hands, and then John Hulbert seated himself on the opposite side of the hearth, and they began to talk earnestly of the future, Martin Disney speaking with fond affection of the sister who had been to him almost as a daughter. "Her mother was the sweetest and truest of women," he said, "and her father had one of the most refined and delicate nature I ever met with in a man, I do not know that he was altogether fitted for the Church. He was wanting in energy and decision, or force of character ; but he was a firm believer, pure minded and disinterested, and he was an artist to the lips of his fingers. It is from him Allegra inherits her love of art; only-while he was content to trifle. with art she has worked with all the power of Of rr .'; rest": I "V A-, .' ? i Jim, ? r. ' her strong, resolute temperament. She inherits Was from her motner*slinê/irnich~ was a race of workers, men with whom achievement was a necessity of existence airmen who fought and men who thought. rr^wordiandgown/'i:.-i?^;--;?-'.::.;,. Disney smiled at the stern condition of a year's probation which Allegra had imposed upon ;b«r^lov»fví'^-.: Î ., " Such sentences are very often remitted, he said., 44 own to having, some hope of mercy ' replied Captain Hulbert. " People have an idea that May marriages are unlucky ; but it seems to me that June is a capital month for a yachtsman's honeymoon and if I can persuade ray dearest to remit half! my period of probation and fix the 1st of June for our wedding, I should be just half a year happier than I am now." "Have you any notion yet What kind of life you are to lead after your marriage.: I hope it will not be a roving, life. Isola and would like to have our sister near 'US. "And Allegra and I would like to study your liking," laughed Hulbert. We may wander a little on summer seas, but; we will have our fixed abode, and it shall; be near you. So long as Lostwithiel is a. bachelor we can make our home at the; Mount, ; but fond, as I am of that dear old; place, I should, be glad to see my brother married. There is something amiss in his present mode of life; and I have but too! strong reason to fear that he is not a happy man." "Have you any idea of the cause of his. r-EÍiappinefcS P" " Only speculative ideas mere theories! that may be, without foundation in fact I fancy that he has burnt the, lamp of life! a little too furiously, and that the light; has grown dim in the socket; The after- taste of a fiery youth is the taste of dust; and ashes. There may be memories, too a memories of some past folly-which are) vivid enough to poison the present. is know that he is unhappy. . I have tried to; find out the cause, and it all ends in this! can obstinate reserve on his past; and! mere theorising on mine." " I have heard that he lived in a bad set; after he left the University P" A bad set-yes, that-is it. A man; who begins life in a certain circle is like a workman who gets his arm or his leg' caught unawares in a machine worked by steam power. In an instant he is entangled past rescue. He is gone: He has taken' the wrong road. Ten years afterwards, perhaps, when he is bald and a wrinkled he may pull himself upon the downward track and try to get rid of a bad reputation and make a fresh start; but those fresh starts rarely, end in a winning race. I am very sorry for my ! brother. He is a warm-hearted fellow, with a good deal of talent; and he ought not to have made a bad thing of his life.": "Let-ushopethathe may'have.pulled; up in time, and that he may: get a young wife before he is many years] older., I have no desire that my sister's j son should be a peer; I only want to see ? her happy with a husband who shall be worthy of hero's; (To be continued on Wednesday.) 