A'GIGANTIC LIGHTHOUSE LIGHT. If there is one thing which the French Government have endeavoured to do well it has been to warn mariners of dangerous parts oh the French coaBt (says an English paper) ; and if there is a spot where the Service des Phares de France have largely experi mented with a view to providing the best method of lighthouse illumina tion "it has been at the lighthouse at the Cape de la Ilevo, near Havre. Four different kinds of apparatus have already been tested at this lighthouse. The first comprised oil lamps with reflectors giving a luminous intensity of 8,000 candle-power, visible in clear weather a distauce of 41 miles. In the second case oil lamps were used with fixed lenticular apparatus, yield ing a candle-power of 19,000, capable of being seen ia clear weather a dis tance of 49|- miles. The third com prised the employment of the electric arc light, with fixed lenticular appar atus, giving an illumination of 24,000 candle-power, the light being visible 50 miles away. Ia the fourth case the use of the electric arc-light was combined with the lenticular flashing apparatus, yielding 24,000,000 candle power, and capable of being seen on a clear night ho less than 130 miles dis tant. A. new light has, however, now been practically completed at this lighthouse, and this will give a lumi nous intensity of 40,000,000 candle power, and it will be the most power ful lighthouse in the world. As far as the electrical apparatus is concer ned, the old magneto machines. have been dispensed with, and four new generating machines have been substi tuted, The current yielded by these machines will be utilized for producing light in Serrin regulating lamps fitted with cylindrical carbons. The optical apparatus which has replaced the old fixed lights give white flashes, which succeed each other every five seconds. The new light will, as already men tioned, be the lighthouse light in the world. During eleven months of the year the light at the Cap de la Heve will''be visible from its peotrrjinliifoi bearing & distance of 23 miles, while with the old fixed lights this limit haB only been obtained for eight months in the year, leaving out of considera tion the greater luminous power ob tained with the new. apparatus. Some one declares that ghosts st'ii haunt' Hampton Court Palace. Doors, it is stated, open and shut to ghostly Sogers, aad come rooms resound to ghostly revelry in the small bonrs of the morning. These resiles5 vagrant spirits are said to include two of Henry YIII.'s wives—Jane Seymour and Annie Boleyn. Two applications for the Queen's bounty hare been made within a' week. In bath eases the parents, are poor, and the six infants—three boya in one instance and three girls in the other—are alive and well. . A Cambridge professor reports the dis covery of a hairwash recipe which dit> s back 4000 b.c. It was formed by boiling tta foot of a doR, thehoof of an ass. and the fruit of the date palm, and was ii.ten ded for the use of the King's mothei, the instructions being "rub in." A belt worn by the ex-En press Eugenie juit before the war of 1870 fetch! ataaeuction sale lu J?radoe», v 