BALLARAT CHURCH ASSEMBLY. FOURTH DAY. On the house resuming at 3 yesterday. Rev. H. F. Cooper asked leave to make an explanation personal to a member present. The chairman had intimated his objection yesterday to certain statements made by Mr Bree, of Hamilton, who had alleged in perfect pood faith c rtain promises made by the diocese, and had received from Hamilton telegrams confirmatory of his statement. He had expressed rep ret at having challenged a passage In the president's address, but had fair reason for believing that he was right. He had al*o expressed his regret at using the word “ridiculous” in connection with the motion for prayer book revision, but nowise intended by it any. thing personal or disrespectful towards any member of the house. Mr Bree was a loyal and hearty church man, widely known to be incapable of any kind of misrepresentation, and, with more time, might have mitigated any apparent harshness of the effaand ex pressions he had used. The president expressed bis great regret that, fir want of a keen ear, and owing to the bad acoustics of the hall, he hid not clearly apprehended Mr Bree’s apology yesterday. It was evident he had made it, and he (the president) most readily accepted it, and was sorry if he had appeared too severe in the matter. He concurred in all that had been said about that gentleman, whom he numbered among his personal friends. The matter was now at an end. (At the_ close of the sitting the president ex changed with Mr Bree perfectly satisfactory explana tions as to the incidents referred to.) Debate was then resumed on Prayer Book revision. Rexv R. Thwaites said It. would be as unreasonable to expect the prayer book of 400 years ago as the sermons of that date, to suit the present day. The heat and other conditions of bush work made permis sion to abbreviate imperative. Rev. C. H. Young supported the motion. Our fore- fathers were no better than we; and modern prayers, should be conformed to modern science. The speaker went into details as to the improvement he would desire in the book which included disuse of certain Psalms, increased use of certain parts of scripture, a more worthy translation of some of the ancient prayers, and the omision of the Athanasian creed. His experience was, that the last was distasteful to enlightened men. At this point the result of the election to the seat on the board of electors to the See was announced. The choice had fallen upon Archdeacon Green. The president said he wmld have preferred a simpler and more strict resolution, and tendered pro posals for modification, and the resolution, with the leave of the house, was somewhat mod fied and ex- * pinded. Replying to the objection he understood to be made to this diocese passing such a res lution, on account of its insignificance, the speaker said the see of Ballarat would cover 15 English dioceses, and was more populous than four of them. Among the 78 Church of England dioceses out of England, it ranked 8th in point of size. If it was not worth listening to, the 67 smaller were not, which would exclude from any voice on general church ques tions twice as many sees as there were in England, or five-eighths of all the dioceses, representing some ten million souls. In point of population; Ballarat ranked (with others) third of the 20 Australasian Sees, and 37th among all the 112 Church of England dioceses—a third of the way down the list. How' high must a diocese get up in or er to be heatd? In 1855 the undivided diocese of Melbourne was smaller than Ballarat now; yet there emanated from it that system of representative church government which had revolutionised our communion. Why should the corporate voice of 90,000 Australian church people in 1893 less deserve listening to than that of 80,000 in 1856? It was no fanciful reform that was sought when it was desired to change the preposterous Ornaments Rubric, which had caused such infinite strife and mischief in England, or directions to the celebrant, which were absolutely irreconciable. The repetition of alrno-t the same service morning and evening out raged human nature; tin unwise length of the baptismal service had banished baptism to t rivacy; there were words in the confirmation service painfully inappropriate to th se baptised without sponsors. A majority of the clergy of thlj diocese had dtcared that the service for burial on land (not at sea) consti tuted frequently a sore but den to them. JJo devo tional provi-ion was made for children, families, soldier*, hospital*, beginning and endi. gof yea inductions, church con**, orations, accesiijin, harvest festivals, missions; occasion", in short many more in number than those for which provision was m .de in the book. The president here read part of a letter he had just rcc?ivtd from a missionary* in South India (Rev. John Cain), asking help and counsel for himself and his brother missionaries in promoting a movement for getting the prayer book amended, so as to maice it more useful in the mission field. Profoundly valuing the book, they yearned for its revision. The letter which came this week had no relation to the Assembly. Canon Morris had dis parrged the American book a9 “a warning/’ The speaker bad only been a mouth ii the .States; but when he used it there, it seemed to him far superior to our own, and productive of heartier worship. He read the following “Prayer for the Congregation” from it, and put it to the house whether th re was anything corresponding in our Prayer Book:—“O God, Holy Ghost, Sanctifier of the Faithful, visit, we beseech Thee, this congregation with thy love and favor. Enlighten their minds more and more with the light of the everlasting Gospel. Graft in their health the love of Thy truth, increase in them true religion, nourish them with all goodness, and of Thy great mercy keep them in the same. O Blessed Spirit, who with the Father and the Son art together worshipped and glorified as our God, world without end. Amen." They were told to wait, but they had waited. A quarter of a century* ago the Lectionary* was revised, and everyone, except Dean Burgon, rejoiced. Some years later came the shortened services, and, in joyful response to this instalment of revision, the old daily* service on common days in parish churches is already obsolete. In 18:6 the general synod pleaded with the Lambeth conference for prayer book adaptation and expansion, elicit ing a mild unneeded warning, but nothing more. Three years ago, convocation drafted a bill for the purpose. In 1891 the general synod sent home a strong approval of it. What had become of this? Those who, like the speaker, felt this question to be deeply connected with the alienation of our people from worship and the vital progress of the church felt it their duty to try, by* constant agitation and petition from multitudinous quarters, to force a more prompt attention to it. "The current that with gentle murmur glides. Thou knowest, being stopped, impetuously doth rage." It was dangerous to delay really needed reforms. It might generate, as with the floods in Queensland, a inundation, sweeping good things away* with evil. He hoped the house would unanimously send home a plea against its further delay, as perilous to the church. Canon Morris explained that he only meant to depreciate our forwarding a resolution apart from the general synod. Canon Flower was about, with leave, to introduce a clause to the effect that the house in its action meant to support that of the general synod which removed much of his objection. The resolution was carried with acclamation, only one layman voting against it. Mr F. C. Downes moved " The cordial thanks of the hall to the mayor for the free use of the house." —Carried with applause. The president then gave his concluding address as follow*.-:—“Fellow church men, —We have had a well attended and animated session; out of 130 members over 100 attended. *lt is the best that I remember/' an old representative re marked to me. If I cannot go quite so far with him, it is not that the choral festival on Tuesday was not most inspiring, the devotional conference on Wednes day and the instructions this morning most edifying, and the Sunday school meeting on Thursday most interesting. Nor do I doubt that a session which has passed a measure destined in the future to constitute the sole and complete organic arrangements of our church in Vic- toria for providing for her clergy when disabled and their widows and orphans, must on that account be memorable. We have also passed several amend ing or other bills of more or lest special value; one of the former introducing a -new and important prin ciple, viz.—That a clerk over 65 years of age may be removed from his cure on the report of the super annuation board that he is unequal to his duties. Moreover, the assembly’has for the first time pledged this diocese to a demand for the early revision of the prayer book; and for this I am thankful, though I wish the debate on the question in its earlier stages had evinced rather more en thusiasm and intelligent apprehension of its urgency and importance. If we have not formally entered, as usual with us for 17 years, our protest against the educational secularism which continues to injure the highest interests of our colony, it may be reckoned equivalent to a renewal of such protest that my reference in opening to the improved pros pects of Scripture teaching in our schools was so warmly received by you, and also (as I expect) the proclamation I now make. That churchmen in this diocese as deeply* regret the present state of things as ever, and are as determined as ever to maintain agita tion, and protest till a proper reform shall have been secured. Our session has been largely occupied, how ever, with our archdeacon system, which came up for review in connection with certain difficulties in filling up the archdeaconry of Hamilton. Pardon me for re minding you how, three years ago, I cautioned the house against a resolution' condemning parochial archdeacons.' You have seen it advisable this session to rescind that resolution, and so far justify my counsel of three years ago. Fresh difficulties, however, have meanwhile arisen, and to meet an altered state of things I prepared, as I then pointedly told the house, a scheme for a coadjutor bishop, to serve two or more of the archdeaconries, offering substantial contribu tion towards the expense. Happening to know that some of the best minds in this house regarded my scheme as the wisest solution of present problems, I suggested, in delicate but unmistakable terms, to the house, the consideration, at any rate, of some such scheme, although the council had not consented to bring it forward. A select committee is appointed to enquire into our archdeacon system, and has its attention invited by myself to the scheme referred to, as distinctly germane to its enquiry. The issue is that a plan is recommended, to cost (in these days of retrenchment) about £25? per annum more than the present plan has cost; but not indi cating whence any of the fresh expense is to be derived; and n-ither the select committee nor the house bestows the least consideration upon my scheme or my offer of contribution, which, of course, is now withdrawn. This seems scarcely encouraging to future offers of the kind, but will, of course, make no differ ence to me in that respect. This diocese will doubtless before long have secured a bishop cleverer, richer, and better able to convince this house; but wiil not find one more honestly and intensely desirous to promote the true welfare of the diocese at any personal sacri fice. I am thankful, however, to the house for agreeing to enact nothing anent the scheme, but con tenting itself with strongly recommending it to the early and favorable consideration of the bishop in council. Such consideration, and of the most respect ful kind, the plan shall assuredly receive; but whether it will be carried out must depend on whether the bishop in council, after more mature delibera tion than the house in one sitting could possibly bestow upon it. find* that it Is not only* feasible, b.;t wise. I already see de ails in it which I hope to convince the coucil are open to grave objection. So far ns it can be proved to promise real advantage to church work, I will, of course, welcome it* adoption, and do tny bent, at any cost, to make it effective; hut I rejoice that tin house, instead of issuing a mandate to this effect, leaves the whole matter, in the last resort, to the discretion of the executive. Of course, the free exchange of idea*, in so large an assembly*, is sure to develop difference of op'nion among us us to method and means; but it has also developed in this, as in other sessions, substantial unity in our aim and purpose, and a loyal desire, above all else, to advance the Church of Christ as envolving the ad vance of the cause of God and of humanity. In regard to attendance, at this the last sitting which this assembly* will ever hold it would be ungracious to dwell on the absence of a very few members with no reason, or insufficient reason assigned. This old assembly has on the whole attended its sessions well, and I hope the new as- sembly, when elected, will do so even better. In seven weeks, gentlemen, as members of this house you must all expire. Till that event—and after it— all happiness and health be yours. I bid you, in this assembly, a long farewell, hoping shortly to meet most of you again in the next, and praying God mean- while to have every one of you in His holy keeping. Unless any business can still be shown to require attention, I will now, if you will rise, close the session with the Apostolic benediction. The session then closed between 4 and 5 p.m. 