Alleged Trotting Match ou ftoschill. About 500 porsous paid admission to tho Rosohill raceoourso on Saturday afternoon to witness what had been announced as a trotting match between S. Fugan's Darkie and T. Bowra'a Edith, for it was stated £u0 asidti, 1 1st up, two miles, M. lteddon had the mount on Darkie as usual and, tho owner rode the black maro. Tlw. betting was ominously dead aud tbo odds strangely extravagant-. When the horses went to the atarting post offers'- of even money Darkio flew in a second to 3 to-l oil. Where the odds oume in 'ho one could understand. Darkie has never, shown any brilliant turn of speed, ulthough a good honest goer iy Ou tho other hand, Edith has won hpats in the' 2.46 olass at Canterbury Purk, and is rescarded ns 11 very fast inara. However the odds wore 3 to 1 ou Darkie, and, atrauger still, when tho Galstpii horse waa seven or eight langihs to the bad, offers of 4 to v wore laid on, notwith-t«udiujr t hat ho was breaking1 badly and throwing his head up as though he did not liko tho goinjr. Mr. O'Neil was iipppiuted judge, Messrs. W. H. Neioh and De Vino referees, and Mr. A. Powor starter. Darkio was quickest away, but in three or four longths ho was passed by Edith, who left him us though hobbled. Most unusual for him, D n-ltio wus breukiug badly, whilo Edith had aottlod down to her work iu great stylo. As they noared the bend into tho straight, tho maro had a lead of aeveu or eight lengths, and cries wore heard that the race was all over and Darkio hadn't a ghost of a show. ' I lay 4 to 1 on the grey'' yelled out a well known supporter of Darkie and he was rushed by ono or two people.- To us it looked 4 to.l on tho mare. Passiug the winning post the first round Edith bad a lead of half-a-dozen lengths, and by the way Darkie was breaking he appeared , to be in difficulties. Going along tho rivar side: the mare seemed to suddenly slow down, and in half a furlong- Darkio was racing on -her quarter. No sooner did the Galston boys begin to proclaim their favourite's victory, than Edith dashed away again, leaving the groy as if he was hobbled. It certainly looked as though the maro was playing with the big horse and could lose him. When a.mile and a quarter had been covered the nags were on terms, and swinging past the starting post Darkie got his head in front, although he soon commenced breaking. Notwithstanding this break, Edith made no improvement in her posi tion, and aotually allowed Darkie to get the inside running.; From that out Edith didn't seem to try and Darkie won by about 3 lengths. The mare was covering twice tho ground that he was at tho finish . Some watches mado the time 5.56 an? others half a second longer. Those present wore very much dissatisfied with the performance and some domurred to paying ovor their bets. Fortunately there' was very little betting. . - Another match is spoken of between Darkie: and Jay's Trickett. i 