UNDER THE GREAT SEA.L. A NOVEL. PART III. CHAPTER I. " THE HAD ENGLISHMAN OF VENICE." J j j| BT JOSEI?H HATTON, Author of " Clytie," " By Order of the Czar," j " John Needham'sDouble,"'"Cruel London," I &c.; J I Two ruins. 1 he first almost human in its • time-worn aspect, its blind windows, its broken columns. The second entirely human, the living wreck of a man. The first a decaved palace with a brave and brilliant history. Tho second a man, battered by cruel blows of fate, aged before his time, but with the windows of his soul still undimmed, except for here and there a film that had come from the shedding of many tear3. The marble ruin was not entirely desolate, It had a custodian, one who knew it when its echoes resounded to the laugh and shout of triumph and festival. The human ruin was alone, solitary in the great world. It its , pinched and wounded heart lay the everlasting : difference between the dead ruin and the 1 living; it was the wellspring of hope that : keeps green some green sunny spots in the dreariest past and freshens the moat arid fore- j caste of the future. ! At • the :n date i.Tl of this il— history i. — Ynarte, the IT—- hia- _ ; torian, will tell you that visitors to Venice j • must have remarked in passing down the ' Grand Canal an ancient building with its ' open Joggia on the first story, ornamented : with marble columns, having Byzantyne ' capatals. The antique facade set with slabs of Greek marble and encrusted with circular ' eecutcheons was falling into ruin, its interstices choked with earth and moss. Here and there trailng vines and varied creepers had taken root in floor and crevice, giving that touch of leaf and flower that always arrests the attention wherever it is observed among the halls and palaces of this city in the sea. The Turkish custodian Btill lives there, and might be seen leaning against the last arch of the loggia, a type of Eastern innobility, indifferent to the gondolas passing and repassing under bis ;eyes, lookiug but seeing nothing. "A poet who did not know that placidity of tho Orient?.!, which looks like dreaming and yet is so dreamless, might have imagined that he read a look of wistfulnesa in thisman's eyes, and that the forlorn warder was thinking of the ancient gloriesof Venice." In these present daj s, if you would see with the eyes of the histori'an and follow the adve-ntures of tho hero of Heart's Delight, you must look back through the spick and avian facing of the palace that have blottr-d out "the restisgglace 0f the prisoner of Taliiet. There are y§netiaB8 still living who Iai§w the old palacQ ac<j [ t, picturesque Custodian. The stones are f rebh that have been piled on the ancient foundations, ana the present writer has moved gondola by tiie steps in tho Grand Canal, a„<j talked with an old Venetian who had seen the faded faces, and knew the stranger whom they call the "mad Englishman.'" This building was the old Fardaco dei Turchi, predecessor of the new palace, built in the thirteenth century, or of which the present building is supposed in many respects to ba reproductive of the blind old house which had for its custodian and companion the Oriental, who was a familiar figure in Venice when Alan Keith was released from his Moorish prison. Three hundred yearsafter the splendid entertainments that the Lords of Briare save there the palace became tho residence of the Turkish merchants aud dealers, and it was in its last days of decreptitude and picturesque misery when Alan Keith begged for shelter at the hands of the Turkish custodian. They were well met these three, the blinking old Turk in the shadow of the crumbling; palace, and the half- demented seafarer who had been landed by a Spanish ship to take hichances ' of ' life " " and .'eatn in Venice. — ' 1 here was something almost inarticulate in the woes of the three. The palace spoke to the human fancy in whispers of parasite leaves that held many of the marble Btones together. The ©as- i todian addressed the Englishman, but to Aim ; it was in the unknown tongue of France. Alan 1 replied in a g'lttural English that was full of reoollections of the Scottish vernacular, with now and then a smattering of French words and Spanish, sucn French, however, as might have been English to the Turk who could only ! guess at the stranger's meaning. There was, ; however, between them a sympathetic lan- ! guage which they could not mistake. Tney j both belonged to the miserable. They had both seen strange adventures; they were both old ; they wore both poor; poverty knows its fellow. The custodian of the decaying palace clung to the old walls for lovo and not for wager. Alan had about him the fear gold and silver coins that some philanthropic Spaniard had given him when obtaining hii release frox the Moorish dungeon. Elsewhere be hid treasure in abundance, away on the silent shores of the secret waterways of Danna's Creek; always supposing that the suppDsed graves had remained undisturbed except by wind and weather. During all the days of his imprisonment Alan had never forgotten any circumstance connected with his life at Heart's Delight. Dropped down off Labrador blindfolded, he felt that he could steer into the silent harbour whence the cunninir venireance of Lester Bencz had driven him and his comrades to fall victims to tho English ship of wir. When some unknown power bad come to the aid of the '.prisoners at Kenatia he had selected to be put ashore at Venice, feeling that of all the cities of the ivorld he might there possibly still have a friend. He remembered tho young prir-sS's talk of Venice as his home, of the probability of hi« removal thicher, and that he had a mother living in Florence. i Mere than twenty years bad gone by since 1 then, and Father Lavello might be dead. He might, however, have lelt behind him some friend upon whom he cuuld count for advice and help. Twenty years was long in tho memory of friendship, but short in the B emory of a foe ; and Alan knuw not to what extent his name micht be branded with the penalties of treason aud crime, with pirai.-y and murder in the annals of Bririsb justice. Could he have known that he was dead in tho official * report of the Aduiiml of the " tit. George"—dead with all his comrades, dead and buried with his pirate ship b-ueath the^deep and stormy wav t--s ;.ViaC roll .,;ound Bahama's coral reefs—he toir . s have selected to be put on board some Eug' -h ship ; but he was wary, and his mind tur .ud to Veniee and Father Lavello. He had t>. .:en upon himself a new name bv way of wUe pree-iutiu:), j.nd resolved to feel his way to the abiding place of Father Lavello, pnd know something of his record and the character he bore with his people before entrusting to him the secret of his existence and his desires. His long imprisonment bad made him secretive and mistrustful, dulled his perceptive qualities, given his eye a trick of wandering, and given to his speech a certain hesitancy that to the common mind marked him down AA imbecile. AndHO onoe more he was dubbed tho mad Englishman, and later he was assigned not oniy a name but a local habitation, lia was called "The mad Kngiishman of Venice." But Alan was far from m^d. Dreamy? Yes, far more so than the dreamy-looking custodian of the time-worn palace; dreamy, with lucid intervals of energy and passion; dreamy, with poetic memories of a saintly wife and child ; dreamy, with sounds of the memory ahd \>-. peace, of neighbour*,' r ^ g \ u ^ j glow of peat iuu Cood. He was a dreamer • gazing back on sunny seas aud hippy fisher- ! folk, a dreamer who fall? fr.i-.u Rii-adise to j hell, from happiness and peace and domestic) love and home to tyranny and wrong, to : battle, murder, and tempestuous Sghts at eta, 1 from lying by the side of a wife btloved be- j jond all women to iying prone by her grave, victims both of thc-m of a lawless lav and a : lawless Magistracy. Yes, he was a dreamer I indeed, this wanderer, who pau?ed aa if from ! sheer sympathy by the rough steps of thf. decayiug palace with its long-robed audbe-fezzed custodian, a wrinkled, silent, bright-eyed, : ruminating Turk. I Surely this ruined hou-O WHS the place where such a bony, withered, hawk-eyed mariner as Alan Ktith should rest: ! iis was tho sentinel of silent pala es and serious boats who , should make him welcou . And so he addressed himself to the Tuik, and the Tu:k came out of his reverie to look with pitying ' eyes upon the stranger. Such a presentation of picturesque age were these three that that one's mind rests upon it with awe and wonder—the two strange men, the one dead . palace. j It was an instinctive act of hospitality that led tho Turk to take the wanderer in. A bumble boatman had rowed him from the quay in his sandolo, and here he bad lelt him with the Turk, who, opposite in creed, in thought, in every way, still found reason for comradeship .with his grim petitioner. They were both alore, one with his memories, the other a stranger in a strange land. The custodian, however, had acquaintances. He had lived long enough in Venice to adopt seme of her habits, and to be en ^r^nking terms with certain frequenters of a cafe in a shady corner of the steps that lead upwards over the Rialto Bridge. Here he would once or twice a week take his cup of coffee and smoke his chibouk, and listen to the conversation of other guests while they sipped their diluted anisette or drank their black coffee, denouncing with bated breath or blatent defiance, as the case might be,their Austrian masters. The blonde mistress of the landlord, with her lightly thod feet, showing shapely ankles in white stockings, would pay special attention to the silent Turk, and the Venetians would often talk at I'hu of the time when Venice was great bt! i o, aud the Fonda dei Grechi one of ' . i Sjiories of the Grand Canal. Otherwise the custodian had neither kith nor km nor friends in Venice. He had permitted, however, the frieudiy encroachments of a certain humble . gondolier and his wife to find a lodging in a wing of the palace overlooking a back canal, in return for which they gave him such domestic service as he required, did his markitting, cooked his food, and in winter made dr-speratc if unavailing efforts to keep his salon warm. Atilio was the gondolier and T-^rffa was his wife, and they could both speak a little English, picked up in the service cf a great merchant who had traded round the world, and had once taken them to the great vortof London. J3u; Atilio had never heard s-wich strange English as the grim stranger spoke, r.iid Teresa had never seen outside so evidently ! u'ad a lodger as he whom Hs= lixcellfiicy the Sri jjnor: had thought well to shelter and protect, j In such a multifarious community aa that nf Vc-nice in those days, with its strange sails , from Eastern ports and West, with its curious fisherfolk from the islands of t!.e lagoons, its , irysterious Jews of tho ghetto in their picturesque gaberdines, its Austrian officials and sentinels and its grave old citizens, it might have been thcught that Alan Ivieth would have escaped notice; but be seemed to impress „ mysteriously tho most ordinary person, bis gaunt figure tower above the crowd; the long, patched, and foreign coat he wore reaching from his neck to his buckled shoes, and decorated in some queer barb&rio; fashion ; his long spider legs in faded velvet trunks and silken hose; his . bony hands .... and pallid ... banv face, ' his sunken eyes that shone like meteora from beneath his shaggy eyebrows; his long, thin, grey . hair and his restless manner, they knew not vrhat to make of him, the simple gondolier and his wife, and the keeper of the cafe whither the silent Turk had takeu him were so much at a loss; and in a very short time he came to be spoken of as " the mad Englishman." Once unwittingly he had offended a number of men and boys on the quay by some remark which he thought was a complimentary expression in choice Italian, and which was nothing like it. They made for him to testify thBir anger in blows, but the gaunt Englauder scattered them like leaves before a miehty wind. Mischief would have 1 done had not an English captain, whose li;p was lying in port awaiting her sailing 6 papers, interposed and explained what the stranger had intended to say, whereupon the crowd burst forth into laughter, and insisted on shaking hands with the poor mad fellow, for now they knew he must be mad ta call them villains and beasts of burden when he had meant to do them honour. And so Alan wandered about ths city, which was to him a dream within a dream, and.he a ghost from some other world. He was happy, quite happy, for a long long time, free to come and go, with shelter for bis head and food for his stomach: No gaoler held him by J the heels. Oneo in & way the Au^ lan e^Tlenge of " Halt! Wfer da !" broke ia up:u hi J dreams, but the sentinel would smile goodnituredly as the mad Englishman retired with abow of submission and a " Pardou, oiessieur/' : spoken with a broad Scotch acueuti. A!.in, indeed, began to think he had be=u translated to Paradise, and for a time what he considered to be the ambiticn of his latter days faded out in the free air of Itt!y—for it was free to him the very essence of th6supre;nest liberty, whatever it might be to the Italians, whose aspirations ho did not understand. He foaud that the few gold and silver pieces which his Spanish deliverer had deposited with the suit of clothes with which he had been endowed, ] and the bundle of curious linen that had been ; placed for him cn board the ship, went a lone way in the estimate of the unspeakable Turk, and that ail odd coin now and then made Atilio and Teresa both willing servants, however mad he mi^ht seem to thc;n—a madness that was not vicious, be it said, but a madness that was|unmietakable—especially;when, ashad happened more than once, Alan had tossed one of bis strange coins upon the cafe counter to treat some lasgnicne to a 3up of wine, or had himself indulged in an extra glass of brandy with his coffee, for then his eyes wauid fairly blaze and he would talk of fights on sea and land, of stormy waters and the haunted lands cf distant shores ; but even then he spake with a kind of reserve that emphasized his madness. There was neitherlatitudenor longitudein his inconsequential yarns; but onceinacafodowa by the quiy he had been led into making overtures to un English captain concerning a buried treasure. He had discovered a sudden energy during a talk between thecaptain and his mate. They had heard of a muken Spanish galleon that of late had shifted and now showed her masts, and into whose hold a Frenchman had dived and found it full of cold. Thereupon Alan's dream of peace and happy days of freedom in an earthly paradise had gone bank to reality, and he felt how poor he was, yet how rich, that he might still have a son alive to whom he owed a fatherly duty, and to whom, for the sweet sake of an angel-mother in Heaven, he felt a yearniug affection. "Iken of a treasure," he said, looking up from the seat where he had been huddled, smoking a wooden pipe with a long reed stein, "and eh, mon, if I'd a ship and aoe or twa good hans I'd mek tho fortune of him who'd provide it—anod's just as gude as a wenk to a blind horse." The sailors looked with undisguised surprise at the foreign-looking withered old man who, without invitation, joined in theircoaveraation, and made a K-ild declaration of secret wealth, not iri French or Gorman, not in Italian, or Moorish, or Hebrew, but in Scotchy English and at Venice. "Where d'ye hail from, mister?'' askaj the captain. "Ah, all," laughed Alan, "that's a vera eafry <jin j S:tion." "I should ?ay<so," rorairkedthe mate, piariog out a frebh glass of Chianti for his chief. Ef I could jest mek a contract wi' ye givin' me command o' yer ehrp," said " within sixty days ye'd hat) no further cause to sail the gtas." "Very like-ly not,"' suid tho captain goodnaturedly, "and iio ship to sail in m\vbe ; join vi?, irietd, in a glass uf »:ue fcr the sake of ta nnic Scot'.acd; that's where yc hail from, J in thinking." "Maybe," Enid Alan, "we knaw where we hnil trae, but v.lvj ru ar-j we g.-i'-'a"? That's £Ue puzzle, th Alan feit he was being <jii?ttioned, and he was ttiil v. j'.ry abuut LVinrmtting himself, for be had ji-t to i;;ua ou v.hit legal grounds he stucd. lie* had to expeci Father Lavelioin Veniw. Jiiiy v.s he had spent his tin.e. <3r;nri!i:.;r m liiu ma, i-eix-'ling in his frtfdou;, he hu<i ntveitfu irss bii?:ed ii-mself in ts^mi iua abuut L:ivi-Uo; a.n<l the gondolier had at last iri.idi 1 out what hu wanted. In the first j;!ar-e Alusi'ts method of pronouncing the Italian name had be^n a barrier to enquiry, Si'd su the next place Father Lavello had left Venice for Verona; and Atilio had Encceedtd in having conveyed there a letter fu.m Aian, to which an answer had been received by word of mouth, implying that Alan would very scou see the priest •.vi.oin hi> sought. This progress had oniy bti n achieved within a few days ut tho incident on tlur <j>:ny ; aud Alan felt that he might bo very near ttia discovery of things of she last importaneo to him. and he became all the more'circumspect. At the same tiaie. he had of brooded over a possible means of visiting Newfoundland, more particulai ly the J-e-.-ne of his buried fortunes, and tile deep interest which the two English officers were expressing in the sunken treasure of a Sanish ship unloo=ad his tongue; but to no further purpose than to convince the strangers that he was a sof :y, a dreamer of dreamy a harmless lunatic. nevertheless Aian surprised tleifi wlifl bis knowledge of navigation; and in a little while they were both talking to him With a rational consideration ot certain propositions that he discovered to them. He sat at their table with a certain distinction of manner thab gradually made them even deferential. lie allowed them to understand that he knew they thought him half-witted ; but he made them feel that there was method in his madness. He spoke of long years of imprisonment, of shipwreck and slavery, of a thousand reasons why he might well be mad ; and he also spoke of human beings who had prayed to die aud could not, n.en who came out of every danger unscathed, who bore torture, misery, the ' suffocating embrace of the cea, the anger of breakers on rocky coasts, and who lived on and on. He held them with his natural eloquence, and be drank their wine with every now and then a repetition of their own pledge of bonnie Scotland. Time went on. The moon came out upon the lagoons, and he started homewards full of strange fancies, and burning to tj.ke those sailor men into his confidence, half- forgetting David, his son, only remembering the treasure, and as be went swinging along, strengthened physically _ and mentally by the generous Italian wine, he lapsed back into reverie and wonder, into the oft-recurring sensation of being in another world, in some halfway house to Heaven, some earthly paradise anchored in a summer sea. He sat down by the steps of St. Mark's, and watched the evening traffic on the Grand Canal; stretched himself down almost by the water, where other men were reclining. None moved to give place either in fear or friendship. They knew he was mad, but he had harmed no one, and Atilio spoke well of him. They knew that the mad Englishman had paid their city the compliment of calling it Paradise. He lay unmolested, with his hands underneath his chin, watching the gondolas with glowworm lights at their bows. One or two coasters were making for their anchorage by the Customhouse; and he traced the lines of the gro.t Church of San Girrgio Maggine against the moon lit sky; and he was very happy in a negative kind of way, warm, contented, the wine c-c -=ing pV-asantiy through his veins. He migiiE have ia.ui there all the livelong night : • the tun took up the story of the moon tiid idorued Venice with all the beauties of tl.e morn had not Atilio laid his heavy hand UJ -ou him and demanded his attention. SJorniesaid Atilio. Alan dr- nrned on. " Awake, Signon !" said Atilio, " vcniic con "Wherefore?" asked the mad Englishman, taking up a sitting position and looking at Atilio reproachfully, as being awakened from a pleisant sleep. Atilio was excited. His little English failed him when he was deeply moved. He could only repeat his one word, " awako," and point with a stumpy linger in the direction of the ruined palace where they bath had the j piivile£;e to lodge. " Home ? ' asked Alan. " iff, si, ccrlawcntc," said the gondolier, ciidiaiiio a cora, come, awake, Signori." Alan gathered himself up and stood by Atilio, so gaunt and ye*, so picturesque that one or tsvo of the loungers looked at him with an admiration that was born of thGir inborn feeling for artistic effect. One of them smmngly a^ked why tho madman did not e:'^iinub to rise until he topped the campanile p.ua txmld suake paws with the lion of St. iiark. Atilio laughed and lifted up his arms, and feinting to the moon asked why not further; yonder whero the silent man would know hiin; the man in the moon, with whom the Signori held long conversation on nights like there. " Poor devil," said a brother gondolier, " and yet he is happy." "Most happy, dreams he owns caskets, treasure, hns ships at sea laden with gold and precious stones; wait, he says, and I will bring mj' donations of diamonds, rubies, and gold, for the domes of St. Marco," said Atilio, chattering away in Italian, complimented by the attention of his audience. 1 '' Well, that is good; he has a grateful heart," ; the other replied, ''and he adores our beautiful j Venice. It is sufficient." j Alan, though now upon his feet, still gazed • out across the canal, and now and then lotVv:"! j up at the moon as she went sailing along i another vast waterway—it seemed to him in the ] heavens ; but present y £3 if he cime out of i his dream again, he asked, " Wherefore, i Atilio, wherefore?" ' Atilio replied again volubly, but with such a strange mixture of Enzlish and Italian that Alan could only ask again why he sought him, and catching something of Atilio's enthusiasm put his question into his own vernacular, and elaborated it without tho slightest thought of Atilio—*' What in the devil's name dy'e want deitutbin' a man vh&n; he's just taking his eise, and requ : -3s ..either yer service nor yet ytr coin panic: • And as if he understood every word the gondolier replied, measuring his words carefu-ly out, " Ilprcic ze curaln, Lavello." _ | '' La-vllo!" said Alan, almost in a whisper, " IiiveiloV 1 i " Lavello," repeated Atilio, "come, Signcri." _ i Atilio led the way to across the piazza. Alan followed. They knew the footpath of Venice ' as well as they knew her waterways. "The companile and the pin," said one of the lawyers, who had hitherto been a silentlooker-on, as he turned to watch Atilio and the madman disappear in the shadows of St. • Mark's, the companile striding cut with long lege, the pin almost running to keep up with it. A burst of laughter greeted the hnmorous comparison, till he succeeded by the silence of men who sleep and the ripple of waters that often seem to emphasize silence. The moment a child is born, th a t momtn he becins to die. Beware of disease making inroads into the - Probably one of the earliest sign^ j.t slight dyspepsia, which cannot be attributed to errors in. diet, want of fresh air, &e.; It is a nervous kind of atonic dyspepsia, eojiL-times combined with acidity from liver sympathy. There is not the same relish for food, and so relief from this Etate is sought for in piquant relishes, wine, or t*a. Another symptom is an uneasy or tired feeling about the head—fulness it may bo, or sleeplessness, and stupidity, especially after 6ating. The brow is often hot, so is the top of the head, and the hand is pressed wearily across the eyes. _ Life begins to lose its brightness; then thin?a begin to go a trifling wrong, and there are , moments of peevishness and irritability. : Lowness of spirits is succeeded by want of sleep. There is dancer ahead, if not, indeed, j close at hand, and happy is he who taa ; signal in time. Recourse should immediatbly \ be had to some genuine tonic restorative ' which will restore the consumed n *rv,ius tissue, and most probably Uiomeuts T'.wij i 3 ' the best for thi3 purpose, it having h.id uniformly good results every time we have seen it used. In cases of debiitv, nervous pro-- tra'ion, bilious end nervous headaches, anaemia, and all diseases arising from p.iDrness of blood aud indigestion, Clements i Tonic can be used with confidence. tc i ; not a quack remedy, and unlike other putent medicines its proprietors do not claim lh».t it, "will cure everything" from loe-kjaa- to bid ; spelling. Hut for cases of aifestions of t!ie nervous and digestive systems it is specially servicable. No doubt of the merits of the article can exist a r tc-r a perusr.l of '.he evi isnce of Mr. F. Duggan, CAStlemaiiip, Victoria, who writes on January '.). 3^)'!:— "I hav* be;n a very great suffe-rer for inmy vt;ars fi-orn liver comiilaint, also n rvoij^r.c-a a:i l u\rikness, ill fact seemed to be ahm-t breaking up, but since I liivo been ini:ij£ Cljmynts ToiiV I have greatly improved iu «vyry way. I seem to have gained strength. It !ia« nl-o greatly iinprovfd n;y apoetitt». whicli I a n pleasr-d to say is as good as ever, e?p^::ially in the Fiimmrr montln. It will give ni'j very great pleasure in rcconniendiaa; it to any om, as I feel certain thit it is a thoroughly goi 1 building up medicine.— I r»mr,in, your.-, very truly, F. Duggan, Castlemaine, Victor!i " ; vr70i 