Story Column. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. SHORT STORIK BY WORLD FAMOUS AUTHORS. No. 3. IN REMEMBRANCE OF JOHN INCERFIEL0, AND. OF ASHE HIS WIFE. A STORY OF OLD LONDON. By JEROME K. JEROME, Author of " Threo Men in a Boat," " Idle Thoughts of an Idlo Follow," &o.; aXL queensland biohxs besebved. COMPLETE IE THREE INSTALMENTS. .CHAJPTEIt I. — Continued.) Oa the first day of the seventh week, John takes Will Cnthcart's acceptance from its place in the large safe, and lays it in the smaller box beside his desk, de- voted to more pressing arid immediate business. Two days later Cathcart picks , his way gcroas the slimy yard, passes through the, counting-house, and enters his friend's inner sanctum, closing the door behind him. Ho wears a jubilant air, and slaps the graTO John on tho back. 'I've got her, .Tack,' ho cries. ' It's been hard work, I can tell you ; sounding suspicious old dowagers, bribing confidential servants, fishing for information among friends of the family ; by Jore, I shall ho able to join the Duke's staff as spy-in- ohief to ' His Majesty's entire forces inter this.' ' What is she like1? ' asks John, with out stopping his writing. 1 Like ! My dear Jaok, you'll faU head and ears in love with her the moment yon see her. A little oold, perhaps, hut that will just suit you.' ' Good family ?' asks John, signing and folding the letter he has finished. ' So good that I was aftaid at .first it would bo useless thinking of her. But she's a sensible girl, with no confounded nonsense about her, and the family are as poor as ohuroh mice. In faot— well, to tell the trntb, we have become most excellent friends, and she told me herself \- frankly that ehe meant to marry a rich man, and didn't much care whom.' < That Bounds hopeful,' remarks the would-bo bridegroom, with his peculiar drv smile ; ' when shall I have the pleaauro of seeing her ?' ' I want you to come with me to-night to the "Garden,"' replies tho other; she will be in Lady Heatherington's box, and I will introduce you.' So that evening, John Ingerfiold goes to Coverit Garden Theatre, with the blood running a trifle quicker in his veins, but nbt much, than would be tho cobo wore he going to the docks to purchase tallow ; examines covei'tly the proposed article from the opposite side of the house and ' approves her ; is introduced to her, and on closer inspection approves her still more ; receives an invitation to visit ; visits frequently ; and caoh time is more Satisfied of the rarity, seiviceableness, and quality of the article. If all John Ingerfield requires for a wife is a beautiful social machine, surely here he Iuab found his ideal. Anne Singleton, only daughter of that per sistently unfortunate but most charming of baronets, Sir Horry Singleton — more charming, it is rumoured, outride his family oirclo than . within it — is a stately, graceful, high-bred woman. Her portrait by Reynolds, still to he seen abovo the curved woinacotting of one of the old city halls, shows a wonder fully handsome and clever faoo, -bat -at the same time a wonderfully cold and \- heartless one. It is the face of a women half weary of, half sneoripg at tho world. One reads in old family letters, whereof the ink is now very faded and the paper very yellow, long criticisms of this por trait. Tho writers complain that if the pioture is at all like her, sho must have greatly changed since her girlhood, 'for they remember -her then as having a laughingand winsome expression. They say— thoy who knewher in after lifp — that this earlier face caine back ' to her in the . end, so that the many who remembered opening their eyes arid seo- ing her bending down over them, could never recognise the portrait of tho beau ti- > ful sneering lady, even when thoy were . told whom it represented. ' But at the time of John tngerfield's ' strange wooing she was the Anne Single- : ton of Sir Joshua's portrait, Eind John Ingerfield liked her tno! hotter that she- \- . was. He had no feeling of sentiment in tlie matter himself, arid it simplified the caso that she had none cither. Ho offered hor a plain bargain, and she aocepted it. For > all he knew or oared, her attitude towards , this subjeot of marriage was the usual one assumed hy women. Very young girls had their hea'dB full of romantio ideas ; it was. better for her and for Him that ehe . had got rid of them. 'Ours will bo a union founded on com mon sense,' said John Ingorfi'cld. . ' Let ;us hope tho experiment will suo- % ,O06d,' eriid Arine Singleton. ... CHAPTER II. . But the experiment does not micceed. The laws of God decree that man shall put chase woman, that woman shall givo : herself to uian for other coin than common sense. Common senso is not :i legal tender in the marriage mutt. Men nnd ' women who enter therein with only common sense in their purse have no right to complain if, on reaching home, they find they have concluded an unsatis factory burgaiii. , John Ingot field, when lie asked Anno \- Singleton to ho bin wife, ielt no more iovc for her than he felt lor any of the other sumptuous household appointments ho was purchasing about the sumo. time,- and "> made no Eictcnco of doing so. Nor, had he done so, would she have believed him ; for Anne Singleton has learned muoh in her twenty-two summers and winters, and knows that love is only a meteor in life's sky, and that the truo loadstar of this world is gold. Anno Singleton has had her romanoo and buried it deep down in hor deep nature, and ovor its grave, to keep its ghost from rising, has piled tho stones of indiffer ence and contempt, as ihany a woman has done before und since. Once upon a time Anne Singloton sat dreaming out a story. It was a story old as the hills — older than some of them — but to hor, then, it was quite new, and vory wondorf ul. It con tained oil the usuul stuck material oom- mon to each stories : the lad and the loss, the .plighted troth, the rich suitors, the angry parents, the love that was worth hravingall tho world for. Ono day, into this dream there fell from the land of the waking, aletter, a poor, pitiful letter : ' You know I love you and only you,' it ran ; ' my heart will always he yours till I die. Bnt my father threatens to stop my allowance, and, as you know, I have nothing of my own, except debts. Some would oall her handsome, but how can I think of her boBide you ? Oh, why was money ever let to come into the world to curse us?' with many other puzzling questions of a like character, and muoh severe condemnation of Fate and Heaven and . other parties generally, and muoh self-commiseration. Anne Singleton took long to read the letter. "When Bhe had ' finished it, and had read it through again, she rose, and crushing it in her hand, flung it in tho fire with a laugh, and aB the flame burnt up and died away, felt that her life had died with it, not knowing that bruised hearts oan heal. So when John Ingerfield oomes wooing and speaks to her no word of love hut only of money, she feels that here at last is a genuine voice that she oan trust. Love of the lesser side of life is still left to hor; It will be. pleasant to be the wealthy mistress of a fine house, to give great receptions, to exchange the secret poverty of home for display and luxury. These things are offered to her on the very torms she wonld have suggested herself. Accompanied by love she would have refused them, knowing she could give none in return. Bat a woman finds it one thing not to desire ofleotion, and another thing not to posseBB it. -Day by day the atmosphere of the findhouBe in Bloomsbury grows cold and colder about her heart. Guests warm it at times for a few hours,, then depart, leaving it ohillier than before. For her husband she attempts to feel indifl'eronce. But living creatures joined together cannot feel indifferonoo for each other. Even two dogs in a leash are compelled to think of one another. A man and wife must love or hate, Hko or dielike, according as the bond connecting themisdrawntightor allowed to hangslack. By mutual desire their chains of wedlock have beoa fastened as loosely as reapeotfor security will permit, with tlio liappv con sequence that her aversion to him does not obtrude itself beyond the limits of politeness. Her part of the contract she faithfully fulfils, for the Singletons have aho thoir code of honour. Her beauty, her tact, her charm, her influence, are devoted to his service — to the advancement of his position, the furtherance of his ambition. Doors that would otherwise remain closed she opens to him. Society that would otherwiso pass by withasneer sits round his table. His wishes and pleasures are hers. In all things she yields him wifely duty, seeks to render herself agreeable to him, suffers in silence his occasional oaresses. Whatever was implied in the bargain, that,she will perform to.the letter. He, on his side, likewise performs his part with businesslike conscientiousness — nay, seeing that the pleasing of her brings no personal gratification to himself — not without generosity. He is ever thought ful of and deferential to her, awarding her at all times an unvarying ooarteous- ness that is none the less sincere for being studied. Her evory oxprcssed want is gratified, lier every known distaste re spected. Consoious of his presence being an oppression to her, he is even careful not to intrude himself upon her oftener than is necessary. At times he asks himsolf, somewhat pertinently, what he has gained by mar riage — wonders whether this sooial race wub quite the moBt interesting game he could have eleoted to oooupy hie leisure — wonders whether after all he would not havo been happier over his counting- house than in those sumptuous, glittering rooms, where he alwayB seems und feels himself to be the uninvited guest. < Tho only feeling that a closer intimacy has created in him for his wife is that of indulgent oontempt. As there is no equality between man and woman so there can he no respect. She is a different being. He must either look up to her as superior to himself, or down upon hor as -inferior. When a man does the former he iB more or Iosb in love, and love to John Ingerfield is an unknown emotion. Hor beauty, her charm, her social toot 1 even while he makes use of them for his own purposes, he deBpises aB the weapons of a weak nature. So in their big, cold mansion, John Ingerfield and Anne, his wife, sit far apart, strangers to one another, neither desiring to know the other noarer. About his business he never speaks to her, and she never questions him. To componsato for tho slight shrinkago of time he is able to devote to it, ho becomes moro strict arid exacting ; grows a harsher master to bis people, a Btornor creditor, a groedier doalor, squeezing tlio uttormoGt out of everyone, feverish to grow richer so that he may spend moro upon tho game that day by day lio finds more tiresome and uninteresting. And tho piled up casks upon his wharves increase and multiply, and on tho dirty rivor his ships and barges lie in ever-lengthen ing lines, und round his greasy cauldrons sweating, witcli-liko creatures swarm in ever donGornumbers,stimngoil and tallow into gold. Until one summor, from its neat in the far east, there Huttcra westward a foul thing. Hovering over Limehoueo suburb, seeing it crowded, nnd unolean, liking ita fastid nnicll, it Bottles down upon it. 1'ypliuH ia t-lio creuturo'e name. At first it lurlta there unnoticed, battening upon the rich, rank food it Inula urouncl it, until grown too big to longer hide, it boldly ehowod ita hideous head, anil tho white face of terror runs swiftly through alloy and street, crying us it runs. forces itself into John Ingerfiold's count ing-house, and tells its tale. John Ingerfield sits for a while think ing. Thon he mounts his horso and ridos homo at as hard a pace as tho condition of the streets will allow. In the hall he moots Anne going out and stops her. ' Don't come too near me,' he savs quiotlv- ' Typhus fever lins broken out ut Limoliouso, and they say ono can com municate it, ovon without having it ono- solf. You had bettor loavo London for a few weeks. Go down to your father's ; 1 will como and fotch you whon it is all over.' He passes her, giving hor a wide berth, and goes up stairs, where he remains for some minutes in conversation with his valet. Then coming down ho remounts and rides off again. After a little while Anne goes up into his room. His man is kneeling in the' middle of the floor, paoking a valise. ' Where are you to take it ?' she asks. ' Down to the wharf, ma'am,' answers the man. ' Mr. Ingerfield is going to he there for a day or two.' Then Anne sits in the great .empty drawing-room, nnd takes her turn at thinking- John Ingerfield finds on his return to Limehouse that the evil has greatly in creased during the short time he has been away. Fanned by fear and ignorance, fed by poverty and dirt, the scourge is spreading through tho district like a fire. Long smouldering in secrot it has now buret forth at fifty different points at once. Not a stroet, not'a court, but had its ' case.' Ovor a dozen of John'B hands are down with it already. Two more have sunk prostrate beside their work, within tho last hour. The panio grows grotesque. Men and women tear their olothes off, looking to see if they have anywhere upon them a rash, or a patch of mottled skin, find that they have, or imagine that they have, and ruBh, screaming, half undressed into the street. Two men, meeting in a narrow passage, both rush back, too frightened to pass eaoh other. A boy stoops down and soratoho3 hie leg — not an action that under ordinary circmnstanceB would excite much surprise in that neighbourhood. In an instant there is a wild stampede from the room, the strong trampling on the weak iu their eagerness to escape. These aro not tho days of organised' defonce against disenso. There are kiad hearts and willing hands iu London town, but thoy are not yet olosoly enough banded together to meet a swift foe snoli as this. There are hospitals and charities galore, but these are mostly in the city, maintained by the city fathers for the exclusive benefit of poor citizens and. members of the guilds. The few free hospitals are already overcrowded and ill-prepared.. Squalid outlying Limc- houBe, belonging to nowhere, cared for by nobody, must fight for itself. John Ingerfield calls the older men together," and with their help attempts to instil some senBO and reason into his terrified people. Standing on tho step of his counting-house, and addressing as many of thom as are not top scared to listen, ho tells them of the danger of fear and of the neoessity for calmness and courage. . ' - — " ' We must faoe and fight this thing like men,' he cries in that deep, din- conquering voice that has sorved the Ingerfiolds in good stead on many a steel- swept field, on many a storm-struck sea ; ' there must be no cowardly solfishriess, no faint-hearted despair. If we've got to die we'll die, but please God we'll live. Anyhow we will stick together, and help each other. I mean to stop here with you, and do what I can for you. None of my people shall want.' John Ingerfield ceases, and us tho vibrations of his strong tones roll away, a sweet voice from beside him rises clear and firm. ' I have oomo down to be with you, also,- and to help my husband. I shall tako charge of the nursing and tending of your siok, . and I hope I shall be of some real rise to you. My husband and I are so sorry for you in your trouble. I know you will be brave and patient. We will all do our best and bo hopeful.' Ha turns, half expecting to see only the empty air, and to wonder at the' delirium in his brain. Bhe putB hor hand in his and their eyes meet ; and, in that moment for the first time in their lives, these two bob one another. They speak no word. There is no op portunity for words. There is work to be done, and dono quiokly, and Anne graspB it with the greed of a woman long hungry for the joy of doing. As John watches her moving swiftly and quietly through the bewildered throng, question ing, comforting, gently compelling, the thought comes to him, ought he to allow her to ho here, risking her lifo for his people ; followed by tho thought, how is lie going to prevent it ? For in this hour the knowledge is horn within liim that Anno is not his proporty ; that he and she are follow handB taking their orders from tho same Master ; that though it be well for thom to work together and help eaoh other, they must not hinder one another. As yet John does not understand all this. Tho idea is new and strange to him'. lie feels as tho ohild in, a fairy story, on suddenly discovering that tho trees and flowors ho haB passed hy care lessly a thousand times, can think and talk. Onoe ho whispers to hor of tfie labour uud the danger, but she answers simply. ' Thoy are my people, too, John. It is my work and he lets hor havo her way. Anne has a true woman's instinct for nursing, and hor strong sonso stands her in stead, of oxperience. A glance into one or two of tlio squulid dens whore theso peoplo live tolls her that if hor patients are to bo caved they must bo nursed away from their own homes, and Bhe determines to convert tho large count- ing-houce — a long, lofty room at the opposite ond of the wharf to the refinery — into a temporary hospital. Solccting some sevon or eight of the most reliable womon to assist hor, alio proceeds to pro- paro it for its purpose. Lcdgors might ho volumes of pootry, hills of lading mere etreot ballade for all tho reapeo) that ia shown to thom. Tho older clcrk.- atand staring aghant, feeling that tho end of all things ir. Burely at hand, aud that tho universe is rushing down into space, until, their idleness. being detected, thoy are themselves promptly impressed for tho caorilogiOuu work, and made to assist intho demolition of their own tqmplq, Anne's commands are spoken vory sweetly, and aro accompanied by tho sweotest of smiles, but they are neverthe less commands, and somehow it docs not occur to nnyono to disobey them. John — stern, masterful, authoritative John, who has never beon uppronolicd with anything moro dictatorial than a tumd request since ho left Merchant Jailors' school ninoteon years ago, who would have thought that something had suddenly gono wrong with the laws of Nature if ho had been — finds himsolf hurrying along tho streot on his way to a druggiBt's chop, slackens his paoo an instant to ask himself why and whore- fore ho is doing so, recollects that ho was told to do so and to mako liuBte haok, marvels who could have dured to toll him to do anything and to mako haste back, remembers that it was Anne, is not quite sure what to think about it, buthurrieB on. to be concluded on honda.v. 