Ik MYSTERY SOLVED. DETECTIVE STORY. B7 SPEOSatfK ? CHAPTER I. ' Great heavens, boys) I juw saw a dca3 Bllgcl 1' 'A what?' camo tho enquiry, in a chorus, from a dozen bronze-faced and mmeular young gentlemen, as they crowded round tho first apeakcr. __ ? - - 11 A dead angel 1 M Where and when ?' ' Right thero, floating past on tho tide ; .♦ And tho handsome youth pointed over tho quarter-vail of tho yacht into tho water. ' A beautiful girl, ch ? Why how could you toll, o'd romancer, wlxjther it waa tho body of a beautiful girl or of sonic one of maturor years, who may havo tumbled over from somo , ono of tho pier.* V' Dash Kingston's faco was an pale a* that of a corpso, as ho replied, in an caruost and solemn manner— very uncharacteristic of his usual hilarious carelessness — 'I saw tho faco distinctly, and, tno iacc is, I was so enraptured by its startling beauty that, in my bewilderment, I made no effort to rescuo tho lovely corpso from tho water.' 'Well, seo hero,' exclaimed ono of tho party, liamod Hemway, 'Let/a lower the boat and capturo that dead beauty. Wo ladss who prido ourselves on our devotion to living beauties, should not allow a lovely corpso to float away on tho swelling tide, a dainty meal for tho ponderous maws of some voracious . , 'No, no ! lot it float away to sea,' said Dash Kingston, as ho drew his shapely hand across his faco. 'Let it float away to sea; it is enough to be haunted by its memory, without gazing on tho cold, beautiful thing again, ' ho added. Tho placo wlir.ro tho conversation abovo ro cordcd occurred was on tho deck of a trim littlo yacht, which rodo nt anchor off Ro?« Bay, Sydnoy Harbour'; and tho speakers worn .members of its amateur crow, who had just brought their craft to anchor after a weeks cruise up the coast. It was a lovely evening, about an hour bo* foro sunset, when Dash Kingston, ono at tlio party, was leaning over the quarter-rail, and was dreamily looking down into tlio deep bluo water, over which flashed a fiery glim mer of gold from the departing rays of tho sun, when suddenly ho was startled by seeing an object floating along towards him on tho ebbtide* . One' moment lator, and it was gliding directly beneath his gaze, when a strango, sharp pain pierced his heart, as he recognised that the corpso wa3 that of a beautiful young girl. So bowildercd was he, that ho stood like one transfixed, while the startling vision drifted by and disappeared from sight. It was then that, suddenly recalled to him* self, ho uttered tho exclamation with which we open our narrative. Dash Kingston was a well-made, handsomo youth of twenty- two. \- His father had been ono of tho wealthiest merchants in tho city, nnd the only son of tho millionaire had been educated to expect ono of tho largest fortunes over bequeathed to an Australian. / Ho graduated at a foroign scV.nol, and then spent two years in travel, and returned homo at tho ago of twenty-four, to find himself an .orphan and penniless. Mining speculations had absorbed tho rich merchant's wealth, r.nd in lieu of an immense landed estate and a heavy banking account, at his death he left his son a number of com paratively worthless scrip and his blessing . onfei , however, was not ono to murmur and complain. He had his health, a good education, and the heritago of an unstained namo, and ho fc!t capable of fighting tho battlo of lifo suc cessfully. Although comparatively poor, ho was nono tho less popular with his former companions, and tho numbers of invitations to yachting ex cursions and other sporting amnsemunts that ho received really seriously interfered with his laudable desire to establish himself in his cho ecn profession. -v* Thero wero fow men liko Dash Kingston, however. Ho wasanatural-bonvhero. , Handsome in person, generous and brave, nnd an adept at all manly exercises. A thorough sailor and yachtsman, a power ful oarsman, a skilful boxer and wrestler, a dead shot with cither pistol or rifle, and with all, a wholo souled, manly, dare-devil youth — . a good friend, and a bravo and magnanimous enemy. ? When Hcmwav, ono of Iiis companion?, first suggested tho recovery of tho body, Dash ob jected, as related, but after a moment's thought ho ©'claimed : ' What a coward I havo suddenly become— afraid of a dead girl ! No, no— never !. Lower nway tho boat there, boys ; who knows but that our own bodies may float listle.-j:j with tho tide somo day.' A word of command from Dash Kingston was sulficicnt, and a fow minutes later a boat . was lowered, and Dash and twn of his young friends leaped into it and pulled away with the tide to seek for tho beautiful corpse. Probably half an hour had passed sinco tho first discovery of tho floating body, until tho three young men wero in tho boat and pulled 4way in search of it. M It is a chanco if we find it, 'said Hcinway, .♦♦ho was sitting in tho prow on tho outloolr. *' Well, go easy. now; shy hw a littlo to tho left; I seo something ahead.' Dash, who waa at tho oars, did *js directed,* wliilo Item way leaned forward nnd *trainf-l hi eyoa in the thickening shadows of twilight upon tlio object that had attracted his atten tion. 'By Jove, boys, it is a body; but I'll be hanged if I don't believe that it is the body of a man. Tho river must bo strewed with dead peoplo. Steady, now, steady ; a littlo moro to the loft,' continued Hemway,and ho leaned forward to seo tho object, which had disaj)^ pearcd for a momont in the hollow bctwceiTtho waves. Skilfully Dash guided tho boat as ho was directed. A momont thoy wero lifted upon tho crost of a swell, then swiftly they shot down, and tho boat thumped heavily against a floating ob ject. ' By thunder 1' oxclaimod Hemway, in a husky voice, ' hero it is ; it is a woman's, after all.' Da3h drew in his oars, and his friend guided the floating body bosido the boat. It was not quite dark yet, and leaning over, * ho glanced at tho dark object, when ho ox claimed : ' It is a female, certain, but it has a black dress on ; tho bluo-cyed corpse was clothed in white.' ' Then this is not tho body you saw ?' 'No.'t ' 'This is a go, boys,' romarked Tom nardy, tho third youth in tho boat. ' What aro wo going to do about it ?' asked tho practical Hemway ; ' wo cannot cast it adrift.' ' IU bo shot if wo can tako it into tho boat, ' said Tom Hardy. 'Wo must fmd tho other ono,' said Dash Kingston. ' Perhaps the two womon wero in tho boat together, and wero upset somewhere up the river.' 'Goodnos3, seo that !' suddenly oxclaimoci Tom Hardy, as ho leaned forward and took n closer survey of tho black-robed corpso, add ' Ing : ' This has been a murder 1' and ho pointed ' toward the dead woman's temple, whero a gap* ing wound was visible, tho wholo sido of tho forehead being shattered as though by a blow from a bludgeon. Tho threo young men looked aghast at tho fearful eight in sitonco for a moment, whew' Hemway said: .'My opinion is that wo had bettor cast this object adrift, and pull back to tho yacht.' ' We can tow it oshoro aii-1 fasten it to one of the piles, where it, will be found .iu tho morning ; wo can do no more,' said Dash Kingston. Twilight had deeponed into night, but tho red sunlight had been succeeded by a round, full moon, which shono o'er the city beyond liko a great hall of silver, and flashed a silvor sheen over tho dark waters. Terrible and ghastly did tho faco of tho dead woman appear tinder tho shadowy gleam of tho moonlight; and, ai tho thveo young mon looked upon tho whito but bloato.l fea tures, cach felt a cold chill curdling around hia heart. '''Fasten tho ropo around yaur prize,' said Hardy. 'and we'll get through with tho first ghastly job.' Homwny did a-? directed, and tho black robed figuro was towed round to tho storn of tho boat. Tho boat was now headed toward Woolon mooloo Bay, aud Dash Kingston rowed with a xoleirm regularity, 03 though at a floating funeral. In an hour thoy arrived at the wharf, when Dash said, in a husky whisper : 'Fsuten it to ono ot tho pilo.i ; quick, Hem way, wo aro liablo to bo discovered at any mo ment. *' Assisted by Tom Hardy, Hemway soon micrecded in fastening tho body, attached by tho rope, to ono of tho piles, when ho said : 'Now, thon, Dash, pull out easily; all is right.' Dash fell to his oars, and had just succeeded in pulling out from under tho pier, when sud denly, from tho dock over their heads, camo tho inquiry, in a grulT voice : ' Hold 1 who goes there?' ' It's a 1 cop,' Dash,' said Hemway 11 Pull for vour life, now, Bub.' CHAPTER II. Tho threa young men in tho boat cared loss for actual adventure than tr.eydid for tho ghastly work in which they had been engaged, and when Hemway exclaimed, 'Let her go — it's a 'cop,' ' Dash laid to on his oars, aud tho boat shot cut from under tho pier liko a race boat. 'Lay to I' said thp i»amo gruff voico f rom tho dock. 'Go hang yourself!' called back Tom Hardy, who was a reckless, dare-devil sort of a chap. Tho answer to this polite invitation was u pistol- shot. 'By thunder! tho wretch tako us for river thieves,' exclaimed Hemway, as ho dodged a ball that whizzed over his head. Bang ! bang ! camo f-ovoral other shots in quick succession, but D;ish Kingston's strong rowing had carried them beyond pistol-shot range. ' Am I heading for tho yacht, boys ?' asked Dash. 'Yes, all right, my hearty. Don't I see her light dipping toward tho river as though it would bury itself in a mist of silver spray ?' said Hemway. 'Are you goingtogive up your search for tho blue-? yed dead angel ?' asked Tom. ' I shall not eontinuo my search just at pre sent.' Aud without another word Dash Kingston pulled straight* toward tho yacht Susie. Onco alongside, his two companions leaped aboard, while ho remained in the boat. ' Arc you not coining aboard, Dash ?' asked Hemway. ' Not at present. Sond Yanko to mo.' 'All right,' was the answer, and in a few moments a black face protruded over the sido of the yacht, and its coloured owner asked : 'You want me, Missa Kingston ?' 'Yes, Yanko; I am going oshoro, and I want you to come along with ino to bring tho boat back.' 'All right, sah,' replied tho black, and ha leaped over tlio quartor-rail of tho yacht into the boat. At this moment Tom Hardy came to tho rail' and called out : ' Whore aro you off to, Dash ?' ' Ashore,' was tho reply, and tho boat glided away from tho side of the yacht. ' III be hanged if I don't think that Dash Kingston has lost his sondes ; ho is going of? on a night excursion all alono to fish for that bluo eyed beauty that ho imagines ho saw floating by hero a spell ago,' muttered Tom, as ho turned away and joined one or two of the crow seated by tho cabin door. In the mcantimo Dash Kingston had rowed silently towards the Manly shoro, and running up undor ono of the piers, ho said to tho black Yanko : ' I am going to got out here, and you can tako tho boat back.' 'When mo pull away tako you back, Missa Kingston ?' 'You need not como at all ; go ahead now ; lam all right,' answered D.wh, as ho jumped up upon tho wharf. Twenty minutes from tho doparturo of tho boat, Dash Kingston glided out into tlio stream in a cat-rigged sailing-boat, and drifted away with tho tide. There was a stiff breeze blowing directly towards tho other shoro, and Dash, thinking tho object of which ho was in search had drifted there, headed his boat in that dire tion. All tho way across tho harbour ho kept his eyes constantly on tho alert, scanning every floating object that he pawed with tho closest scrutiny, but no sign of tho white-robed figuro rowarded him. Just outside tho shore-swell ho steored his boat so as to sail as near the beach as possible, and so commenced to make a complcto circuit of the shoro. Ho had not proceeded very far cro ho bo held a dark object moving slowly along tho beach. Wondering what tho man ho had scon was up to, Dash turned his boat out from tho shoro, so as not to attract tho attention of tho wan derer on tho beach, wliilo ho himself could seo the man's movements. Presently Dash saw tho man on tho beach como to a halt, and stram his oye3 out upon Uio water. Dash had brought his boat to, and was lean ing over tho gunwale, when ho saw tho strangely-acting man wado into the water, ano tho next moment scizo an object floating on tho crost of a wave. Ilising to his feet suddonlj', Dash leaned forward, and soon beheld a sight that caused him to exclaim : ' By Jove, ho has found it ?' and ho imme diately headed toward tho promontory jutting out from tho shoro. CHAPTER III. Tho youth felt greatly excited. His eyot beamod with a queer light, and a pallor over spread his handsome features as ho ran for tho shore. . 'That fellow is a bird of prey,' mutcered Dash, a3 ho moved stealthily along, dodging from rock to rock. ? By tho timo tho youth arrived in sight ol tho man and his prey tho latter had succeeded in hauling tho body ashore, and his movements at onco betrayed that Kingston's suspicions wero correct, as tho latter was ablo to seo, by the aid of tlio moonlight, that at that very moment tho fellow was trying to pull a ring from tho finger of tho corpse. Keeping out of view, ho obsorved tho man's movements for a moment, while m; Jung up his mind how to proceed. It was a marvelously clear night; tho light of tho moon mado objects almost as plainly visiblo as at noonday. Kingston was stilt undecided as to 'what ex cuse ho should offer for disturbing tlio man, when ho saw tho latter draw a clajip-knife from hia pocket aud mako a niovcir out jw though about to sever ono of tho dead girl's fingers. Tho youth could not stand this, and leaping forth, ho shouted : ' 1 Told on, you wretch ; what aro you doing there?' 'And who may you bo ?' asked tho man, in ft grulf voico, turning round and standing rovealed in tho moonlight, with thodead girl's hand clasjicd in ono hand and the glittering knifo in the other. ' I am ono who will n«t stand by and permit you to mutilate tho dead.' 'You be, oh? Well, see lioro, my young counter flipper, .if you don't about inarch and go about yout business, I'll smother you iu the wator thero.', ' Tho youngman glanccd about inovery diroc tion, and hia cyo fell upon a piece of a broken oar lying upon tho beach. A moment later Daah had secured it. It proved to bo tho round, heavy end, and tho youth was dolighted that ho had secured such an excellent cudgel. Seizing tho cudgel firmly, ho moved toward the ruflian with the remark, in a threatening tone : 'My friend, you will havo to move away.' Tho man dropped tlio dead hand, and growl ing more like a dog than a human being, as lie drew from hi.-i pocket a pistol, and aiming it at Dash, exclaimed in a fierce voice, and with many oaths : ' Look hero, Mister ! I'vo just got a little toy here that's worth a million of sticks like that ; and if you don't want a hole in your skin you'll moosey, and not mako any bones about it, either.' Dash did not halt as commanded, but boldly advanced toward the villain, determined to bring matters to a decided issue at once. The man levelled his pistol, ami shouted : j ' Stand back, or by - — ? I'll shoot J' Still, without flinching. Dash advanced. Thoro cainu a click, but no report. At tho moment that tho man pulled the trigger of his pistol Dash awung tho bludgeon in tlio air. As tho Irishman Bays, 'a shillolah never misses fire,' and the piece of oar sped through tho air and defended upon tho wrist and hand of tho murderous body robber, knockod tlio pistol from hi3 grasp, and compelled him to yell with pain.. Still tho mau was not ovcrcomo. Springing back, ho drew a murderouslook ing knife, and then attempted to closo in upon his gallant young antagonist. Tho latter, however, was too much for him, and quito a livoly skirmish followed. Both men dodged and parried upon tho beach in the presence of the dead body of tho young girl. Kingston's kindness prevented him from using his formidable weapon, as ho could havo done. His object was to knock the knifo from tho man's hand as ho had done tho pistol, and then drive him olf. IIo failed to succeed, and tho stubbornness of tho man invited his own doom. ' Will you make off?' asked Dash. ' And leave tho diamonds and jewels to you, pard? No, no, replied tho man, from botween i iiis clenched teeth. 'Then your fato bo on your own head,' ex claimed Dash. 'Go keerful, young man; this is murder, yer know.' ' Will you mako off ?' ' No !' yelled tho man, and with a fearful oath ho made a spring at Dash. 'Tho lattor was prepared. Uif3 patienco was also exhausted, and down camo hi* cudgel, when tho fuilcd lobber.sunk upon the wet sand. CHATTER IV. A iWewrand ghost-liko scene was presented upon that lonely beach under tho bright moon light as Dash dropped upon his knees on the wet sand, and leaned over the pale, stark face of the dead girl. Even while lie knelt beside her it seemed as though those exquisitely-formed lips would pari, and from tho pearly teeth would como a sweet voico, asking, ' Where ain I?' Instinctively ho brushed tho damp hair asido, and laid his hand upon tho fair fore head. It was cold — icy cold, aud a chill ran through his framo as though ho had laid his warm hand upon a statue carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, ho arose to his feet and stepped over and glanced at tho rulilan ho had stricken to tho earth. Kneeling, he placed his hand over tho man's heart. He livod ; and, with tho muttered remark : ' It is hard to kill such Kcoundrels,' Dash re turned and contemplated the white frmreof the murdered girl. Whilo ho gazed his eye fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. A cloier inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that giistoned upon the girl's linger. Ho stooped, as though about to removo it, when a nervous ropulsion caused him to start back and exclaim : 'No ; I cannot rob the dead !' Then his oyes fell upon two other jewels that sparkled in tho girl's oars. ' What shall I do ? If I leave thoso jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for assistance, somo other vandal liko yon scamp may como along and possess himself of them,' ho muttered. After reflecting a moment, ho added : 'X will removo them and hold them for tho friends of tho dead girl.' Dash was moro successful than tho robber had been, and had but littlo difliculty iu ro moving tho jowols. Ho had but just possessed himsolf of thom when ho heard voices.and upon raisinglus eyes hff saw tho glimmor of a light approaching to ward him along tho beach. ' Great heavens ! If I am found with theso jewels on mo I will bo looked upon as a robber of the dead ho suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively ho turned, as though to run away. 'I mean no harm, but I must protect my self,' he muttered, and with a cat-like step ho moved away. After proceeding a short distanco ho ascendcd tho bank that lined tho beach, and moving stealthily along, retraced his steps to a point opposito to whero tho body lav. Ho had but just timo to conceal himself when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, reached tho spot whero tho white figuro lav. ^Tho men had but just discovered the body, and a sccno of excitement followed. From his hiding placo Dash could hoar every word that was spoken, and,- whilo listening, ho had a premonition of tho terrible inistako ho had made. 'Thero has been foul murder hero, 'said ono of tho men, as ho held his lantern down over tho face of tho dead girl. 'It has been a doublo murder,' cried an other of tho men, as his oyo fell upon tho form of tho man. 'No, by thunder 1 This fellow lives,' ho added, after a moment, as ho felt tho wounded man's pulse. 'Yes; I live,' camo tho responso in feeblo tones. 'What has happened?' asked the mon in chorus, ns they gathered round. 'Give mo a drink first; I ain dying of thirst.' Ono of tho newcomers had a flask with him, and put it to tho man's lips. The latter drantc, and seemed greatly re vived, when ho said : ' A tcrriblo crime has just been committed beforo my eyes.' ' Tell us about it, quick 1 Thoro may yet bo a chance to capturo tho assassin.' Tho fellow protended to bo very much over comobyrno torriblo sceno ho had witnessed, and also to feel bad from tho oITects of tho blow he had received ; but taking another good pull from the flask, ho said : ' I wai walking along tho beach, when I raw a struggle going on in a boat a littlo off tho shore between a man and a woman. Tho man finally seized an oar and struck tho girl a blow on tho back of tho head, end sho fell overboard, when the man sailed away.' 'And this is tho girl that was murdered?' ' Yoi ; I recovered tho body nfter an hour's labour, and had just succeeded in hauling it ashore, wlion tho assassin returned. Ho as saulted mo, and a struggle followod, but with the samo oar with which ho crushod in the skull of tho girl he laid mo out, thon robbed tho body of 'tho girl of several valuable jewels, and escaped.' Dash hoard tho wholo story, and would havo rushed down and domed it ; but, alas 1 circum stances -woro against him. The girl's head had been crushed by a bludr goon, and ho really had tho jowols on his per son, although for no unlawful purpose. ? Ono of tho men was left with tho body, whilo , tho others started to notify tho authorities, so» that an immcdinto search might bo instituted for the supposed assassin. Tho man had furnished an accurate descrip tion of Dash Kingston, nnd, as tho lattor stolo away, ho fully realised his peril ; circumstances —fatal circumstances, were against him, and ho had unconsciously assisted in gathering thom about him. Ho succeeded in reaching tho city without being discovered, and upon the following morn ing read in tho papers tho usual sensational and oxaggoratcd account of a diabolical murder, in cluding an accurate desqription of tho clothing worn by tho assassin, and a garbled description, of his person. Tlio matter had gono so far that Dash dared not now disclose himself and relato tho true facts ; and in hopes that tho matter would blow over in a fow days, ho shaved oft his whiskers, and moustache, and in other ways altered his appearance, and making excuses to his friends, . went to Melbourne. Upon tho very evening of his arrival ho was passing tho door of tho laides' parlour in the hotel, when ho behold a sight that caused his heart to stand still, and tho blood to freeze in his veins. There, standing in tho centro of tho parlour, was a lady ; and beyond any question of doubt marvollous as it seemed, that lady that his eyes rested upon was tho living, breathing girl the dead body of whom ho believed ho had left upon tho Uoso Bay shore under tho moonlight somo hours before. At first ho thought it might bo only a fancied rosemblanco. Recovering his self- possossion, ho stepped into tho room. Thoro was not tho least possibility of a mis take ; thoro wero tho same features, tho Ramo lovoly bluo eyos, tho samo ? goldon tressos, tho oxquisito mouth— all, all tho samo, 'Oh, hoavnna ! am I mad, or have T hson dreaming somo horriblo dream V* mumurci. Dash, as ho staggered from tho room. But tho idea of a dream was quickly dis« polled. . ... His hand prossed tho jowols in his pocket, and tho bluo oye3 wero turned toward him in wondering amazement ^ UuMi-NL'iiD.2 