A MYSTERY SOLVED. & DETECTIVE STORY. By SPECSSTTM- V CHAPTER I. Great heavens, boys ! I just saw a dead angel !" "A what?" camo the enquiry, m a chorus, -' .from a dozen bronze-faced and musciYlar young gentlemen, as they crowded round the first speaker. - "A dead angel !" " Where and when ?" ,, "Eight there, floating past on tho tide; ' and the handsome youth pointed over vno quarter-rail of the yaelit into the water. " A bcautifid girl, eli ? Why liow could you tell, old romancer, whether it was the body of a beautiful girl or of some one of inaturcr year3, who may havo tumbled oyer from some one of the piers?" Da h Kingston's face was as pale as that or a corpse, as he replied, in an earnest and ' solemn manner— very uneliaracteristio of his i usual hilarious carelessness— ' ' "I saw the faco distinctly, and, the fact is, I was so enraptured by its startling beauty that, in my bewilderment, I made no effort to rescue the lovely corpse from the water. "Well see here," exclaimed one of the party, named Hemway, " Let's lower the boat and capture that dead beauty. We lads, who ' - pride ourselves on out devotion to living \- beauties, should not allow a lovely corpse to ' float away on the swelling tide, a dainty meal for the ponderous maws of some voracious Bh"No, no ! let it float away to sea," said Dash Kingston, as ho drew his shapely hand across his face. "Let it float away to sea; it is f enough to be haunted by its memory, without v gazing on the cold, beautiful thing again, he added. , . , Tho place where the conversation above re corded, occurred was on the deck of a trim little yacht, which rode at anchor off Rose J Bay Sydney Harbour ; and the speakers were members of its amateur erew, who had just brought their craft to anchor after a week s cruise up the coast. t , r It was a lovely evening, about an hour be- i fore sunset, when Dash Kingston, one of the party, was leaning over the quarter-rail, and , wa8 dreamily looking down into the deep blub water, over wliieh flashed a fiery glim- mCr of gold from the departing rays of the Bun, when suddenly he was startled by seeing an object floating along towards him on the . ebb tide. ., .... . v.1: One moment later, and it was gliding directly beneath his gaze, when a strange, sharp pain pierced his heart, as he recognised. that the corpse was that of a beautiful young " ffirl " So bewildered vra.s ho, thnt ho stoocl liko 0110 Iransfived, while the startling vision drifted by and disappeared from sight. It was then that, suddenly recalled to him self, he uttered the exclamation with which we . open our narrative. Dash Kingston was a well-made, handsome \- . youth of twenty-two. His father had been one of the wealthiest merchants in the city, and the only son of the millionaire had been educated to expect one of \- the largest fortunes ever bequeathed to an -.Australian. He graduated at a foreign school, and then Epent two years m travel, and returned home at the age of twenty- four, to find himself an r ' orphan and penniless. ' ; . . . Joining speculations had absorbed the rich merchant's wealth, and in lieu of an immense landed estate and a heavy banking account, at his death he left his son a number of com paratively worthless scrip and his blessing OIjsh, however, was not one to murmur and r' complain. .. .. , He had his health, a good education, and the 'heritage -of an unstained name, and he felt capable of fighting the battle of life suc- u cessfully. . ' Although comparatively poor, lie was none I the less popular with his former companions, \- »nd tlie numbers of invitations to yachting cx- J cursions and other sporting amusements that \- j,e received really seriously interfei-ed with his " laudable desire to establish himself in liis clio- een profession. There were few men like Dasli Kingston, w however. He was a natural-born hero. Hand some in person, generous and brave, and an adept at all manly exercises. A thorough sailor and yachtsman, a power ful oarsman, a skilful boxer and wrestler, a > flead shot with either pistol or rifle, and with -:r" ' - all, awholesoulcd, manly, dare-devil youth— a good friend, and a brave and magnanimous enemy. . aw When Hemway, one of his companions, first ' - suggested the reco\ cry of the body, Dash ob- . : jccted,as related, but after a moment's thought he exclaimed : " What a coward I have suddenly become — afraid of a dead girl ! No, no— never ! Lower away the boat there, boys ; who knows but that our own bodies may float listless with the 1 tide some day." A word of command from Dash Kingston was sufficient, and a few minutes later a boat was lowered, and Dash and two of his young " friends leaped into it and pulled away with -the tide to seek for the beautiful corpse. Probably half an ho\ir had passed since the ' first discovery of the floating body, until the three young men were in the boat and pulled Away in search of it. ' "It is aclianco if we find it, "said Hemway, who was sitting in the prow on the outlook. "Well, go easy now ; shy her a little to tho left; I see something ahead." ' " Dash, who was at the oars, did as directed, s while Hemway leaned forward and strained hi eyes, in the thickening shadows of twilight upon the object that had attracted liis atten tion. ;rf \ "By Jove, boys, it is a body; but I'll be hanged if I don't believe that it is the body of a man. The river must be strewed with dead v people. Steady, now, steady; a little more to the left," continued Hemway, and he leaned ' : forward to see the object, which had disap peared for a moment in the hollow between the waves. Skilfully Dash guided the boat as he was k ; directed. A moment they were lifted upon ths.crest of > ' a swell, then swiftly they shot down, and the " boat thumped heavily against a floating ob ject. " By thunder !" exclaimed Hemway, m a ' husky voice, " here it is ; it is a woman's,after ajl.« Dash drew in his oars, and his friend guided vc the floating body beside the boat. T"":, . It was not quire dark yet, and leaning over, he glanced at the dark object, when he ex- claimed : ' "It is a female, certain, lntt it has a black dress ou ; the blue-eyed corpse was clothed in white." " Then this is not the body you saw ?" "No." " This is a go, boys," remarked Tom Hardy, the third youth in the boat. " What are we going to do about it ?" asked ' ' the practical Hemway; "we cannot cast it adrift." . ' . . > ' IH be shot if we caii take it into oheboat, ' sdSa Tom Hardy. ' 'MVemust find the other one," BaidrDahj BBB8ffiH»th'Stwbomeh were in theboat j upset- somewhere up the nver. ; "Goodness, see that !" suddenly exclauneo Tom Hatdy, as he leaned forward and took a closer survey of the biack-robed corpse, add- ' - -T-uig ; : — 5 "This lias been a murder !" and he pointed j pward ihe jclead woman's temple, where a gap- Was vlsible) thu.,whqle side of the ®aiSwttcreaj'a3:,thoughby;ablow I silenM|fea?'momem>w1HB is hacjrottercatiMR bjectat; and pSll back to the yacht- « it'aslipre and&steivso; one morning ; we can do no more," said Dash i Kingston. _ j Twilight had deepened into night, but the red sunlight had been succeeded by a round, full moon, which shone o'er the city beyond like a great ball of silver, and flashed a silver sheen over the dark waters. Terrible and ghastly did the face of the dead woman appear under the shadowy gleam of the moonlight; and, as the three young men looked upon the white but bloated fea ture, each fcit a cold chill curdling around his heart. ''Fasten the rope around your prize," said Hardy, "and we'll get through with tho first ghastly job." Hcr.r.vny did as directed, and the blaclr- robed figure was towed round to the stem of the boat. The boat was now headed toward Wooloo- mooloo Bay, and Dash Kingston rowed with a solemn regularity, as though at a floating funeral. In an hour they arrived at the wharf, when Dash said, in a husky whisper : "Farten it to one of the piles ; quick, Hem way, we are liable to be discovered at any mo ment.'' Assisted by Tom Hardy, Hemway soon succeeded in fastening the body, attached by tlie rope, to one of the piles, when he said : " Now, then, Dash, pull out easily ; all is right." Dash fell to his oars, and had just succeeded in pulling out from under the pier, when sud denly, from the dock over their heads, camo the inquiry, in a gruff voice : " Hold ! who goe3 there ?" " It's a ' cop,' Dash," said Hemway " Pull for vour life, now, Bub." CHAPTER II. The threa young men in the boat eared le3s for actual adventure than they did for the ghastly work in which they had been engaged, and when Hemway exclaimed, " Let her go — it's % 'cop,' " Dash laid to on his oars, and the boat shot cut from under tho pier like a race boat. "Lay to !" said the same gruff voice f rem the dock. "Go hang yourself!" called back Tom Hardy, who was a reckless, dare-devil sort of a chap. Tho answer to this polite invitation was a pistol-shot. " By thunder ! the wretch take us for river thieves," exclaimed Ilemway, as he dodged a hall that whizzed over his head. Bang ! bang ! came several other shots in quick succession, but Dash Kingston's strong rowing had carried them beyond pistol- shot range. " Am I heading for the yacht, boys ?" asked Dash. "Yes, all right, my hearty. Don't I see her light dipping toward the river as though it would bury itself in a mist of silver spray ?" eaid Hemway. " Are you going to give up your search for the blue-eyed dead angel ?" asked Tom. "I shall not continue my search just at pre sent." Ancl without another .word Dash Kingston pulled straight toward the yacht Susie. Once alongside, his two companions'leaped aboard, -while he remained in the boat. " Are you not coming aboard, Dash ?" asked Hemway. " Not at present. Send Yanko to me." " All right," was the answer, and in a few moments a black face protruded over the sido of the yaelit, and its coloured owner asked : " You want me, Missa Kingston ?" " Yes, Yanko ; I am going ashore, and I want you to come along vrith me to bring the boat hack." " All right, sah," replied the black, and he leaped over the quarter-rail of the yacht into the boat. At this moment Tom Hardy came to the rail and cailed out : "Where are you off to, Dash?" " Ashore," was the reply, and the boat glided- away from the side of the yacht. " 111 be hanged if I don't think that Dash Kingston, has lost his senses ; he is going off on a night excursion all alone to fish for that blue- eyed beauty that he imagines he saw floating by here a spell ago," muttered Tom, as ho turned away and joined one or two of the crew seated by the cabin door. In the meantime Dash Kingston had rowed silently towards the Manly shore, and running up under ono of the piers, he said to tho black Yanko : " I am going to get out here, and you can. take the boat back." "When me pull away take you back, Missa Kingston ?" " You need not come at all ; go ahead now ; I am all right," answered Dash, as he jumped up upon the wharf. Twenty minutes from the departure of the boat, Dash Kingston glided out into the stream in a cat- rigged sailing-boat, and drifted away with the tide. There was a stiff breeze blowing directly towards the other shore, and Dash, thinking the object of which lie was in search had drifted there, headed his boat in that dire- tion. All the way across the harbour he kept his eyes constantly on the alert, scanning every floating object that he passed with the closest scrutiny, but no sign of the white-robed figure rewarded him. Just outside tiie shore-swell he steered his boat so as to sail as near the beach as possible, and so commenced to make a complete circuit of the shore. He had not proceeded very far ere he be held a dark object moving slowly along the beach. Wondering what the man he had seen was up to, Dash turned his boat out from the shore, so as not to attract the attention of the wan derer on the beach, while he himself could see the man's movements. Presently Dash saw the man on tho beach coir.o to a halt, and strain his eyes out upon tho water. Dash had brought his boat to, and wa3 lean ing over the gunwale, when he saw the strangely-acting man wade into the water, ana the' next moment seize an object floating on the crest of a wave. Rising to his feet suddenly, Dash leaned forward, and soon beheld a sight that caused him to exclaim : " By Jove, he has found it ?" and he imme diately headed toward the promontory jutting out from the shore. CHAPTER III. The youth felt greatly excited. His eyes beamed with a queer light, and a pallor over spread his handsome features as he ran for the shore. " That fellow is a bird of prey," miucered Dash, as he moved stealthily along, dodging from rock to rock. By the time the youth arrived in sight of tho man and his prey the latter had succeeded in hauling the body ashore, and his movements at once betrayed that Kingston's suspicions were correct, as tho latter was ablo to see, by the aid of the moonlight, that at that very moment the fellow was trying to pull a ring from the finger of the corpse. Keeping out of view, lie observed the man's movements for a moment, while making up his mind how to proceed. It was a marvelously clear night; the light of the moon made objects almost as plainly yisibtajas at noonday. , RjlSiitwas'Still undecided as to what ex- SSBerauld'offerfpriVdistiirbin theman, thoupf about to' sever one of tliei dead girl's fingers. The youth could not stand this, and leaping forth, be .shouted : " linld on von ivrcieh : what are vou doing i there?" ' " And who may you be asked the man, in a gruff voice, turning round and standing revealed in lyouto mutietB. '"Sill be. eh bP see\;here,m3ry Counter flipper, : ljgrou don't about march' and go aljoutyour business j I 11 smother you in the - I The young man glanced about in every direc- i tion.and his eye fell upon a piece of a broken oar lying upon the beach. A moment later Dash had secured it. It proved to be the round, heavy end, and the youth was delighted that he had secured such an excellent cudgel. Seizing tho cudgel firmly, he moved toward the ruffian with the remark, in a threatening tone : "My friend, yon will have to move away." The man dropped the dead hand, and growl ing more like a dog than a human being, as he drew from his pocket a pistol, and ainn'ng it at Dash, exclaimed in a fierce voice, and with many oaths : " Look here, Mister ! I've just got a little toy here that's worth a million of sticks like that ; and if you don't want a hole in your skin you'll moosey, and not make any bones about it, either." Dash did not halt as commanded, but boldly advanced toward tlie villain, determined to bring matters to a decided issue at once. The man levelled his pistol, and shouted : " Stand back, or by I'll shoot !" Still, without flinching. Dash advanced. There camo a click, but no report. At the moment that the man pulled the trigger of his pistol Dash swuug the bludgeon in the air. As the Irishman says, "a shillelah never misses fire," and the piece of oar sped through the air and descended upon the wrist and hand of the murderous body robber, knocked tlie pistol from his grasp, and compelled him to yell with pain.; Still the man was not overcom9. Springing back, he drew a murderous-look ing knife, and then attempted to close in upon his gallant young antagonist. The latter, however, was too much for him, and quite a lively skirmish followed. Both men dodged and parried upon the beach in the presence of the dead body of the young girl. Kingston's kindness prevented him from using hi3 formidable weapon, as he could have done. His object was to' knock the knife from the man's hand as he had done the pistol, and then drive him off. He failed to succecd.and the stubbornness of the mau invited his own doom. " Will you make off?" asked Dash. " And leave the diamonds and jewels te you, pard ? No, no, replied the man, from between i liis clenched teeth. "Then your fate be on your own head," ex claimed Dash. ' " Go keerful, young man ; this is murder, yer know." " Will you make off ?" " No !" yelled the man, and with a fearful oath he made a spring at Dash. " Tho latter was prepared. His patience was also exhausted, and down came his cudgel, when the foiled lobbor sunk ! upon the wet sand. CHAPTER IV. A wiertrand ghost-like scene, was presented upon that lonely beach under the bright moon light as Dash dropped upon his knees on the wet sand, and leaned over the pale, stark face of the dead girl. Even while he knelt beside her it seemed as though those exquisitely- formed lips would part, and from the pearly teeth would cone a | sweet voice, asking, " Where am I Instinctively he brushed the damp hair aside, and laid his hand upon the fair fore head. Jt was cold — icy cold, and a chill ran through his; frame as though he had laid liis warm hand upon a statue carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, he arose to his feet and stepped over, and. glanced at tho ruilian lie had stricken to the earth. Kneeling, he placed his hand over the man's heart. 1 He lived ; and, with tho muttered remark t "It is hard to kill such scoundrels," Dash re turned and contemplated the white figure of the murdered girL While he gazed his oyo fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. A closer inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened upon the girl's finger. He stooped, a3 though about to remove it, when a nervous repulsion caused him to start back and exclaim : " No ; I cannot rob the dead !" Then his eyes fell upon two other jewels that sparkled in the girl's cars. " What shall I do ? IF I leave those jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for assistance, some other vandal like yon scamp may come along and possess himself of them," he muttered. After reflecting a moment, he added : "I will remove them and hold them for the friends of the dead girl." Dash was more successful than tho robber had been, and had but little difficulty in re moving the jewels. He had but just possessed himself of them when ho heard voices, and upon raising his eyes I.ffsaw the glimmer of a light approaching to ward him along the beach. " Great heavens ! If I am found with these -jewels on me I will be looked upon as a robber of the dead ;" lie suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively he turned, as though to run away. " I mean no harm, but I must protect my self," he muttered, and with a cat-lilce step he moved away. After proceeding a short distance he ascended the hank that lined the beach, and moving stealthily aloiig, retraced his steps to a point opposite to where the body lav. He had but just time to conceal himself when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, reached the spot where the white figure lay. Tlie men had but just discovered the body, and a scene of excitement followed. From his hiding place Dash could hear every word that was spoken, and, while listening, ho had a premonition of the terrible mistake he had made. "There has been foul murder here, "said one of the men, as he held his lantern down over the face of the dead girl. "It has been a double murder," cried an other of the men, as his eye' fell upon the form of the man. "No, by thunder! This fellow lives," ho added, after a moment, as he felt the wounded man's pulse. "Yes; I live," came the response in feeble tones. "What has happened?" asked the mou in chorus, as they gathered round. " Give me a drink first ; I am dying of thirst." One of the newcomers had a flask witli him, and put it to the man's lips. Tho latter drank, and seemed greatly re vived, when he said : " A terrible crime has just been committed before my eves." " Tell us about it, quick ! There may yet be a cnance to capture the assassin." Tlie fellow pretended to be very much oyer- come by trie terrible scene he had witnessed, " and also to feel had from the effects of the blow be had received ; but taking another good pull from the flask, ho said : " I was walking along tbe.s.beach, when I r-aw a struggle going on in a bbat'a little off the shore between a man and a woman.-; The man finally seize'ijah oar and struck the giri a blow,; on thebk,6r;ti,e; i,Cad,and sheielferboard, ; \- when .tljeCimn sailed away."<„ v , <ir' 'AiidftiiiS; frrirl'that-was 'mnr'iiered ?" " 1 " Yes ; I recovered tho body after ah hour's labour, and had just succeeded in hauling it ashore, when the assassin returned. He as saulted me, and a .-.t.riurgle followed, but with the same oar with which he crushed in the skin" "tr lift" girf fie ihiu1 r:-i; ! tin bony of the girl of several valuable jewels, I and escaped." _ story, and would ;hayo and l-haditheijwelsfe ison, altl)ouglfi6»|iu> unlawful purpf-sij with theboHffiue the others- stirtt&t; to.notify the;autlioritii| that for tho supposed assassin. The man had furnished an accurate descrip- tion of Dash Kingston, and, as the latter stole away.ho fully realised liis peril ; circumstances — fatal circumstances, were against him, and lie had unconsciously assisted in gathering them about him. He succeeded in reaching the city without- being discovered, and upon tho following morn ing read in the papers the usual sensational and exaggerated account of a diabolical murder, in cluding an accurate description of the clothing worn by the assassin, and a garbled description of his person. The matter had gone so far that Dash dared not now disclose himself and relate the true facts ; and in hopes that the matter would blow over in a few days, lie shaved off his whiskers, and moustache, and in other ways altered his appearance, and making excuses to his friends, went to Melbourne. Upon the very evening of liis arrival he was passing the door of the laidcs' parlour in the hotel, when he beheld a sight that caused his heart to stand still, and tho blood to freeze in his veins. There, standing in the centre of the parlour, was a lady ; and beyond any question of doubt marvellous as it seemed, that lady that his eyc.s rested upon was the living, breathing girl the dead body of whom he believed he had left upon tho Rose Bay shore under the moonlight some hours before. At first he thought it might be only a fancied resemblance. Recovering his s6lf- possessiori, he stepped into tho room. Thcro was not the least possibility of a mis take ; there were tho same features, the same lovely bluo eyes, tho same goldon tresses, thts oxquisito mouth — all, all tho same, " rt!i, heavens ! am I madi or have T bean dreaming some horrible dream?" murmurc« Dash, as he staggered from the room. But the idea of a dream was quickly dis« pelled. , . , . , . , . His hand pressed the jewels in his pocket, and the blue eyes were turned toward liim in wondering amazement j.B Cuntinitko 'i 