N otes o f th e D ay. £Bt " Odsehyeb.*'] There is a lull before the etorm* and the clouds are gathering around the political horizon and soon will burst, and that almost before we are aware of it. Ministers, it is said* ere proparing amaniieato to issue to tbe electors of Tasmania, and wherein they are firstly going to sot forth all tho virtues they posspss for governing the colony; and secondly, their policy which thoy brought down to the House of Assembly and. carried through tb at House, but which the Legislative Council ro- In the meanwhile there are preparations being made on all sides in the various electorates for tho coming struggle. In the city already candidates are announced, andthecountrydistricteare being "worked” to fiee how " tho cat will jump.” 1 think it is to be regretted th a t candidates will be brought out for the city and couutry electorates who, to use a phrase, 'have not the " ghost of a ehtiw " in ■cing elected as members. There is no doubt egotism is tHe first and great motive power that moves certain persons, in the first instance, to come out as candidates* aud, in the second place, it is the injudicious advice of tbeir friends—and who in this caso are their friend’s foes—who make themselves believ as well as trying to impose the same belief on others, that their candidate ife Admirable Crichton, and possesses all tho virtues uecessory for a politician j and before whom Mr W. E. Gladstone would almost have to ploy second fiddlo foolish* very fooliBh, and the ballot-box will show them their folly. I see th a t th e Treasurer (Mr John Henry) has followed up his attack on the Legislative Council by delivering another speech a t Zeehan, and wherein stated to hare said that the Government were going to show the Legislative Council that the peo^lo of Tasmania insisted upon the right of thu Assembly alone (the italics are mine) to tax the people! I think the Treasurer has a bee in his bonnet on this subject; otberse, he never would have made such statement, and one which he must know will not bear argument. He is no constitutionalist if he thinks he c*n prove that the House of Assembly can x the people alone, and that the igtslatirO Council iff c body for merely doiog the bidding of the Assembly, and . used &e; it is of mon who did'vote against their conscience I have not patience to discuss the question. It i foolish of Mr Henry as his attack the Council in the House of Assembly in bad taste, and unworthy of a Minister. I think the Attorney-General (Mr N- E Lewis) ought to make the amoute honoraMA to the News as to tho appointment to the GaoL The News was right and Mr Lewis wrong. PerhapB Mr Lewie will officials &b; to tho position of matters before ho ventures to mako any statements of the kind again. In mining circles matters have been rather stagnant during the week, hut the outlook is brighter than it was at the beginning of the present quarter. The gambling in scrip an i shares still goes and. I suppose, will do so, notwithstanding the injury if docs »o legitimate mini* g. I have ■aid that the gambling goes on 6imply from the statements receive <from the mine, and which sends shareB tip or down as maybe. Forins once, a mining manager sends up & report that he is in a certain bod of rock a id expects to strike the lo: mediately the shares go up five or e lings, and there is not tho slightest ground ior such a rise—as the next ioport states ihat another sort of r ck has been struck, a i of the lode, and the shares go down with a ruo and the mine is really damaged thereby. N>.w if raining managers were prohibited from giving reports until, say a month,mining would beallthebelter for it. I am afraid, however, it ie useless to expect this, as tho “ bears ” an d 4bulla ” live on these so-called teports. The cause of toilers* and tho direful straits the working classes are reduced to reflects no credit on the Government or the Corporation. Tho men and their wives and children are viitu&lly; reduced to almost ration, and yot we havo meetings held, “ tall tOk,” os the Americans say. indulged in, and tbo advantage of viliago settlements proclaimed, and then ail ends virtually in smoke. "Why do not the Government at onco start works, and not allow tho gaunt and starvation-looking faceB of our workmen to patrol ourstreets PI told tbat immediate work would be found tor the men, whoso hearts are almost breaking for their loved onoB at home, but that there is one in the Cabinet who counsels caution 1 The hour has arrived when plain speaking should be heard, and, there should go forth a voice that should ring through Taimania, aud that should be. It the Ministry do notfind work for tho unemployed, as the Governments of all the other colonies have done, and that at once, the death knoll of the present Ministry should he eounded. I do hop* the platform speech-uionger will be put down* and vigorous action taken. I t is action that is wanted, not mouthed phrases coined for tho occasion. The question has been raised as to whAt constitutes “ a distinguished ” person ? It appears there arc many “ distinguished ” people in Tasmania if we are to believe the advertisements in the daily papers. Now, T think it is eilly, very silly, for people occupying respectable positions (I use the word “ respectable,” for tb a t is the proper word to use in this case) to allow themselves to be called" distinguished "persons and be tbe laughing stock of the city ! There may be one* or at the most, two distinguished persons in Tasmania, in some people’s estimation, but T doubt if there is one ! I do trust tli&t; thiB high fslutin language will not be allowed to be used towards our commonplace citizens. Tasmania is looked down upen enough by the action of certain of her people, b ut do not let us he held up to contempt and ridicule by calling ourselves The annual election of aldermen is coming, and with it the question of W hat will the citizens do ? Will thoy go for new blood, or elect tho old luombers ? My impression is th a t the citizens as a body wjll* like a sow, return to their wallow, and elect tbo most unlit men that they can jwssibly choose. I have no faith in the citizens as a body. They are always boasting that they are ready to Btrike, yot afraid to do so when they have the opportunity, The question forcing itself to the front th at there is a shadow behind the throne in the Council, and th at shadow m ust be removed before any good work can evor be done for jibe city. I hojto soon to see it made & question for tho ratepayers to decide. A gentleman from th e other colonies asked is it usual for Ministers to make valedictory speeches at the close of the session, aud particularly for the Premier to thanked tbiB one and th a t one in tho Civil Service and then all and everybody, replied I thought th e practice was a n one, and could not say th a t it was th a t of the Ministers in the Old Country in the House of Commons. Any way* I think it is worth while Ministers looking into it, and if they find they were in the wrong not to do eo again. I think th e President of tho 'Council and th e Speaker of th e Honae of Assembly travelled out of their true course in thanking all and eve iybody in the way they did. The death of tbo eminent physician, Sir Andrew Clark, will create a great gap in the modical profession in London. He had great attainments, ho labored not for self, b ut for tlie cause of the alleviation of human pain. attained his eminence by sheer hard work, and indomitable) pereevera ce. Added to his great gifts was a gentleness of manner that waB always winning. Tho question has often been asked. W hy is it that Tasmania is eo terribly bat-dicapped by having no clever physician or surgeon in hor midst f Is it not a fact that tbe smallest case tb at requires anything ertra in urgery lino you are immediately told you art go to Melbourne* to consult some surgeon there P - Surely this should n®** ,0 so. I am told our doctors'are* if this be eo. no wonder we have no pir Andrew Clarks here, bnt th e mere hacks of the profession. And talking of hacks reminds me ef tbe musical profession I t has been said th a t if any one went away from Tasmania for five years and <r»mo back, and there was to ho a grand concert a t the Tewn Hall on the very evening of his coming back ho would see the same persons and hear tho some voices that have dene duty in the past for, nay, ten years, still doing “ tbeir duty.” In other words, they are virtually " Town Hall hacks.” Now, surely there is taiont somewhere if it can only be brought Cannot an effort be made P 