NEWS OF THE DAT. The Government brought down In tho Legis lative Assembly last evening their promised bill for the appointment of the Railway Standing Committee. The Premier, In a few practical remarks, submittod it to tho House, and briefly explained its principal provisions. It waB pro posed to reduco the number of members from 13 to 7 — that was, 5 from tho Lower House and 2 from the Legislative Council— and the remu neration to bo £1500 instead of £5000. Nothing oould upon tho faoo of it appear more reasonable or moro in con sonance with the principle of retrcnebment and all round economy. But tho Opposition clearly regarded the bill from an ontirely different aspoet. Led off by Sir Graham Berry, thoy denounced both the measure nnd tho Government, that proposed it. It wns described as extravagant nnd in tended as a sop to those who were to be placated by a salary in lion of a port- folia Sir Bryan O'Loghlen sought to throw -oil on tho troubled waters by reiternting tho axiom that tha laborer wns worthy of his hire. Tho members on tho left would not bo satisfied, and declared that tho oountry would never give its approval to such n needless expenditure in tho fnco of the prevailing distress and tho ncacssity of applying largo Bums to tho payment of interest on loans. The discussion was not, howovor, of ait entirely party nature. Mr. Mulonoy, though coated in the Opposition Cornor, defended tho Premier, nnd pointed out, from judioious quotations from Hansard, how Mr. Patterson had always fought against the mcasuro, not because it wns in itsolf objectionable, but on tho scoro of expense. Mr. Shiels ocoupiod over an hour and a half in Bimply baiting tho Ministry, and Mr. M'Lollsn, though seated behind tho Government, pronounced tho bill both useless and misohievous, as thoy hncl agreed upon railways sulfioient for tho colony for 20 years, nnd that tho House soldoin attaobed muolr importance to the recommendations made by tho committee. Mr, M'Lollau's speech was interrupted by tho dinner hour, and on tho Houso reassembling ho moved tho adjournment of the debate. Tho motion took mombors by surpilso, but wns agreed to after some little domur. Tho dobato on tho Railway Standing Com mittee Bill in tho Assembly Inst evening was at times rendered extremely livoly. For this relief to tho monotony of business Mr. Shiels waB re sponsible. The hon. member was on the war path nnd had come fully prepared for t'uo fray. He inforentially charged Mr. Patterson with parlidy, and when asked to define the word his explanation was adding insult to iujury. He stigmatised Mr. AV. T. Carter as n "paid barraoker." Ho charged another interjeetor with being " intolerably conceited," and, lifting his arm in an attitude of prayer, he pitied nnother member's vulgarity. Mr. M'Intyro mildly interposed, nnd BUggestod a little polite ness, when the member for Normanby retorted by making the Ministor of Lauds blush to the roots of his hair. All this seemed highly enter taining to the Opposition, who laughed and cheered as each shaft of satire or ridicule found its mark on the Ministerial side of the House. If Hansard serves no other purpose, it is uaoful to members when they have a bad onso and aro desirous of abusiug the other aide. Mr. Shiels is quite nn expert in rcaurrooting buried sentimonts, uttered perhaps yenrs before, and which may seom as unwelcome as Banquo's ghost at the feast, and he plied this mothod of giving what was simply annoyance with great vigor last eveuing. It was rumored in tho lobbies of the Houso last evening after dinner hour that there was quite a possibility of the Government proceed ing no further with the Standing Committee nn Railways Bill. ThiB notion of the Government is not nttributnblo to the stand taken by the Opposition so much ns that the Ministerial supportors nro not by any means agreed upon the desirability of suoh a measure at tho present time. A number of lines will shortly be in progress of construc tion, and amplo employment will be afforded to the people, and no necessity, it is thought, exists for introducing additional lines of railway for the present. The fact of Mr. M'Lellan moving tho adjournment of the dobate eon- firmed the suspicions entertained, but no official or authoritative announcement has been mnde on the subject. It is shrewdly suspeoted that tho Govornmont will allow the measure to drop by quietly sholving it for the present. Tiie bill to amend tho Debentures Conversion Act 1893 wns felioitously piloted by the Trea surer through all its stages in the Assembly last evening. Themensurccontainsonly three clauses, which simply provide that the act cited shall be modified by tho substitution of 4 per cent, in lieu of 3i per oent. intorest upon the loan authorised to bo raised. It was also proposed that tho period oyer which tho loan should extend bo altored from 27 years to 17 years. Mr. G. D. Carter explained that the Government in bringing down this moasure was giving effect in the main to the advice tendorod it by Mr. Billinghurst, of the AVestmlnster Bank This gentleman had recommended tho change in the rate of interest, aud also that power to do this should not be sought until the end of Juno or tho beginning of July of this year. It was necessary that before going upon tho market this step should bo made, as the recent decline of Victorinu stocks and tho depressed condition of things generally precluded all prospects of of floating a 3i per cent, loan at present on satisfactory terms. Sir Graham Berry and Mr. Gillies, both ex-Treasurers, and supposed to be familiar with tho question, were the only mem bers who really addressed themselves to the question, and both seemed anxious to assist rather than embarrass tha Treasurer by their remarks! Bach spoko hopefully of tho future of tho colony, and trusted that the elasticity and extent of our resources would enable us soon to rocovor our former prosperity. Some doubt was expressed as to the wisdom of altering tho term of the loan, but no substantial objeotion was raised. Mr. Gillies, however, pointed out how advantageous it would be to the credit of tho Australian colonies if by the timo the proposod loan fell due they could all as ono dominion apply to tho British invostors for a consolidated loan. After somo fow remarks from Mr. Zox, Mr. Ievors and Mr. AVillinms tho bill was oarried. An nddrosB of congratulation to iter Mnjeaty the Queen on the recent nuptials of H.R.H. the Duke of York and the Princess May was unani mously nnd heartily agreed to by the mombers of the Assembly last evening. Tho Premier, in moving its adoption, adverted to the euthusiasm evoked by the event throughout the Empire, affording an additional testimony, if suoh were needed, to the loyalty of the peoplo to tho Queen and the royal family. .So muoh was this the case that the labors of those in favor of Imperial federation were quite superfluous. It was gratifying also to notice that when tho military contingent from the colonies were observed in the royal proces sion on tho day of tho marriage the assembled orowds shoutod " Long live Aus tralia." Tho address was couched in congratu latory terms, and wns expressive of the affec tion and loyalty of VIotorianB to her Majesty, throne and person, and their pleasure at the recent event, with hopes that the Duke of York and his bride might be blessed by Provideneo with a long and happy life. Sir Graham Berry, in a few appropriate remarks, seconded the adoption of tho address, which was agreed to. It was also deoidod to nsk his Excellency the Governor to transmit the dooument to her Majesty. An incident ocourrcd in the House last even ing which would Beem to Btlll further indicate that the Labor members do not constitute a very happy family. It was Mr. W. T. Carter's turn tills timo to object to something stated about him by Mr. AVlntor. He considered that his reputation had been considerably damaged in the oyeB of his constituents by the remarks of the hon. member mentioned, who had charged him with showing a factious opposition to the labor proposals of the previous Govern ment. At a meeting of the Trades Hell, however, ho had been exonerated from the oharges made against him. Mr, "Winter, instead of delaying tho business of the House by entering upon an explanation of the matter, dryly observed that in the course of tho debate he would sustain the statomonts he had made. At this hon. mem- bers laughed, and the subject dropped. Tho Government has taken the earliest oppor tunity of obtaining Parliamentary sanction for tho two new mallee lines, and tho resolution passed by the Assembly on Thursday wns sub mitted to the Council yesterday afternoon. There was a littlo objootion that the Houso had no information on the merits of tho lines, but as the Ministor (Mr. AVynne) had very fully stated the case, and the lines had been examined by the railways committee and reported on by tho departmental officers, the objection was not seriously maintained. Tho notion of the Government in promptly attempting to find work for the unemployed wae gonorally approved, but in this respect there wcro com plaints that thoy did not find work near Mel bourne Instead of Bending men into tho country, and tho selection of the malice in preference to other distriots was also questioned. The main point, howover, was tho procedure of tho Go vornmont in aoting on a reiolution whon a bill oould havo boon introduced, and somo hon. mombors woro guilty of rushing to moot trouble half way by assuming a breaoh of tho privileges of tho Council by the oom- mopcomont of tho work on the authority of tho Asaombly alone. No suth thing has taken < plnoo, as the regular aoitrso has been striotly followed, and not a man his been engaged or a spado put into tire earth pending tire decision of the Council. The resolution was passed without dissent. A large number of men went to tho railway offices yestorday, ind soma hundreds of namoB woro registered fot employment on tho Qunmbntook line, to which somo gangs will bo sent oil in n fow days. Information wasrccoivcd by tho Engineer in Ohiof yostcrday from Mr. Tulk, the officor arranging for tho acquisition of tho land, that matters will probably be settled to-day ; and this will remove tho last technical barrior to thc.commcncomcnt of tho work. During tho debato on .ho now mallee lines last night, Mr. Melville mado somo pointed roferoncos to his experiences on tho Railways Standing Committeo, which disclosed astound ing extravagance in tho estimates pre pared by tho Engiueor in Chiof's brnnoh under tho old administration. It was found that while excessive and lavish estimates were exceeded by tho aotual cost, many works could have been oarried out for far less than the original CBtimato. Mr. Melvillo mentioned that tho Railways Committee dis covered many oxamples in which tho depart ment allawod prices enormously in oxcosa of tho amount for whioh tho lines could bo made, and on six line: examined by the com? mittoc tho estimates prepared under tho late administration would, if carriod out, have entailed a loss to tho country of £1,250, 000, com pared with the amount really required to do tha work on economical principles. Some ovidenoo of tho oxistence of an " intolli- gontdemooraoy"suprised the Legislative Council last night when it was stated that of 60,000 volumes lent out by the Melbourno Fublio Library since August last only one book has not been accounted for. Eight other books lost or damaged havo been paid for. There had been 6000 borrowors at tho rata of 130,000 volumes per annum. These figures wore, quoted by Mr. AVynne in moving tha second reading of a bill specifically providing power for pubiio libraries to recover fines for the excessive dotention or destruction of books. Tho fact that tho lending branch of the Melbourno Pubiio Library hod proved suoh a boon to tho peoplo greatly impressed the House with tho necessity of protecting borrowers from the neglect of thoso who kept the books which other people were waiting for, and the bill wnB readily assented to. The measure was taken into committeo pro forma. In tho Legislative Council yestorday Mr. AVynne gave a scries of replies to Sir Frederick Sargood, going to show that tho temporary appointment of Mr. Tonnison Greene as aoting clork of oourts at Inglcwood was properly and legally mado, but nn ordor was given for the production of tho papers for further investiga tion. Bills to amend and consolidate tha imtonts law and tho low relating to life assur ance companies wore read the first time. Mr. Thornley obtained the appointmont of a select committee to inquire into tho mattor of James Hcanoy's application for a selection of land at Merino. Tho Council concurred with tho Assembly in an address of congratulation to her Majesty on tho marriago of tho Duko of York and Princess Mary of Teck. Tho hill for tho conversion of certain Govornmcnt deben tures was received from tho Assembly, and passed through all stages, Tho House on rising adjourned to Tuesday. The existence of tho Legislativo Council is ex cused by its admirers on the ground that it forms " a check on hnsty legislation"; and tho ill-digested work of tho Lower Chnmbcr is sup posed to bo refined and seasoned by tho superior intelligence of the grave and reverend soignors on tho crimson cushions. But tho cool, calm blood of the worthy councillors is suffering from tho chill of their solemn surroundings, which includo an assortment of cold draughts, well calculated to mako anything like hot-blooded action quito impossible. Last night, Sir Frederick Sargood, in piteous tones, revived tho complaint of members who sit on tho left of the chair that thoy can scarcely bear to remain in their plaoos because of tho icy coldness of tho chamber. Thoso who sat opposite were in a warm oorncr peculiarly free from draughts; and, singularly onough, ho knew that mombers occupying tho Ministerial benches somehow felt nothing like so cold as those on the other side. Sympathetic cheers from tho seats behind followed Sir Frederick's wail, whilo members clustered on tho Ministerial benches beamed n bronil and radiant smilo that might almost have mado tho complaining mem ber feol just a little warm. Tho Presidont pro mised to call tho buildings committeo togcthor at onco to attond to tha matter. Tho Now Zealand Loan and Mercantilo Agenoy Company Limited haB been temporarily suspended with a viow to speedy reconstruction. The notification was reoaived yestorday by cable from the head offico in Lon don, and Mr. David Elder, the general manager for Australia, has issued a oircular to the constituents of tho company announcing tho foot. Unlike othor suspended institutions, this company has the advantago of au arrangement by which its business in the colonies will bo con tinued without any interruption, for, ponding tho proposod reconstruction, the businoss will bo aonducted in the namo of tho Now Zealand Land Association, nn old nnd wealthy organisation, and by tho old executive of the suspended compnny. Tho reason assigned for tho suspension is tho effect produced in Eng land by tho stoppngo of tho Australian hanks. Tho company has a paid up capital of £862,642 and a reserve fund of £330,000, and thero is an uncalled liability of shareholders to tho amount of £3,137,358. Its chief liabilities consist of debentures amounting to £3,135,005, the bulk of whioh are in perpotual stook. There -has boon no trouble with either debentures or deposits, but only a difficulty in transacting business, attributable ontirely due to the finan cial crisis in Australia. Tho business of tho company has been vast, sound and profitable, creditors can havo no real cause for anxioty, and an oarly and satisfactory reconstruction is confi dently expected. The Intention of tho Govornmont to adopt an income tax as ono of tho measures for restoring tho equilibrium between expenditure and revonuo was foreshadowed in Mr. Patterson's address to the electors of Oastlcmaiuo on tho formation of his Ministry, and tho matter bos been discussod from timo to timo in tho Cabinet. As a guido to their deliberations, Ministers havo the inoomo tax proposals of Sir Geo. Dibba, tho Premier of Now South AValos, and also the provisions of tho act which is in forco in South Australia. In tho latter colony all incomes ovor £200 a year aro loviod on to tho oxtent of 3d. in tho pound with tho exception of thoso arising from property, whioh aro taxed at tlio rate of 6d. in tho pound. So far as tho mattor has boen discussed in Cabinot, Ministers are disposed to adopt the South Australian limit of £200 per annum for a minimum, and also tho rate of 3d. in tho pound on incomes derived from personal labor and profits on trade or business as distinguished from thoso arising from property or investments, which will bo fixed on a higher scale. In both classes tho tax will increase in proportion to tho income, and the maximum in tho former will probably not exceed 6d. in the pound. This is merely an out line of tho Government's proposals, as tho details havo not yot been finally settled by tho Cabinet, and tho present draft of tho sohemo may he subjeotcd to considerable modifica tion. Tho Orient Company's mail steamor OroyB, from London, reached tho ancborago at 10 o'iclook last night. Tho port health officer, Dr. Howard, boarded tho vessel, but did not con clude his examination of the passengers until nearly midnight, so that tho steamor was not berthed at tho pier last night. The Oroya has 150 passcngora in all olassos. She will bo berthed at tho Railway pier, Port Melbourne, this morning. A good doal was heard at the meeting of tho Metropolitan Board of AVorks yosterday about the failure to float tho £500,000 loan. In tho first place tho finnnco committeo reported tho result of tho tenders received as already pub lished, and recommended that a special meoting of tho board should bo hold on Tuesday uoxt to consider tho question of tho loan, and also of the wholo of tho board's finauoial arrangements, with a view to rescinding or modifying thorn if deemed expedient. TIhb was agreed to. Despite this dooision to defer discussion of the matter, however, several commissioners could not refrain from roferring to it when tho roport of tho sewerage committee, rocommending tho accept- anoo of tho tonder of Mr. James Mooro at £117,936 for tho construction of tho Uobson's Bay main sewer, oamo up for consideration. An amendment was moved on behalf of tho finance eommittoe that tho matter should be postponed for 14 days, on the ground that it would be injudicious to lot out a contract when they had no monoy in hand. Tho majority of the mem- bets were opposed to this, giving as tboir reasons for accepting tbo tender at onao that, with a slight modification in tho amount of Interest offered, the loan would be fully sub scribed, and, even if this wero not so, no portion of tho money for tho now contract would bo required for at leaBt thrco months. Aftor a lengthy discussion, in whioh various opinions wero expressed regarding the failuro And future chances of floating tho loan, tho nmondmpnt for postponing tho matter was negatived by a large majority, and tho acccptanco of tho tender was agrpod to. After a aaroful inquiry, the departmental board which investigated the Bssondon break away has comploted its report In this caso a goods train parted in crossing a hill, and the renr portion overtook tho front when standing at Essondon station, smashing several trucks. It was found that the drawbar of ono of tho trucks had camo out and that the hooks of tho safety ohains woro straightoned. Efforts were mode to locate the first cause of the breakage by a search for tho pin of tho drawbar, but without success, and the board reports that it cannot find out whore tho breakaway took place, or what caused it. No blame is attached to anyone concerned. The loss of the drawbar pin has drawn attention to tho fact that such an ocoqrronce is possible, and the failure to find the pin supports the view that it dropped out mueh further away than tbo scene of tho aocident. This view is supported also by tho straightening of the hooks, showing that they had bcon subject to sustained tension. The commissioners are not satisfied with the condi tion of things, and will probably recommond a complete, clianga in the construction of the drawbars, so ns to render such inoidonts impos sible. A pin was found on the line during the search in this case, bub it was traced to another truck altogother. About SO shareholders in Goldsbrough, Mint and Co. Limited mot in the Oidcrfloet yesterdpy to consider the proposed schema of arrangement submitted by the dircotors. Mr. Andrew Rowan, who occupied the chair, oxplained that tho Bohomo was prepared in London, and said that to him it appeared to contain unfair con ditions. Ho regarded the clause whioh would make present shareholders liable until all pre sent holders of debentures nro paid off as an oppressive condition, and ho moved as an amendment that shares be made transferrahle after the call of £2 par share has bcon paid. This was seoonded by Mr. Mark Moss and car- riod ; and, on tho motion of Mr. M. Moss, it was ngreod that the porccntago payablo on deferred instalments of the oall Bhould bo 6 per cent, instead of 7 per cont. In tho course of tho discussion It was urged by mora than one speaker that there was no desire to avoid any fair obligations, but that creditors would have to give favorable terms if they wished to avort a general insolvonoy. Messrs. J. Harris, M.L.A., A. Rowan, T. S. Hall and D. R. M'Grogor wore appointed to place tho resolutions nrrived at before the directors. Tho "Sweating" Inquiry Board hold a pri vate sitting yesterday at Parliament House, and had. somo sovon or eight witnosscB under examination as to the oonditions of work in the clothing trade. It was adduoed in the oourse of the evldenco that in somo cases women wore only given Is. for making a coat, fid. to ,7d. a pair for trousers, and loss than 2s. for a whole suit. The board was also informed of tile establishments at whioh these prices were paid. Owing to tho many witnesses oxnroined yesterday, it was found impossible to pay a visit of inspection to certain clothing factories in the city, as had been arranged, but this will probably bo done to-morrow. The board will also hold another sitting to-morrow, to tako further evidence in relation to swoating in tho clothing trade, after which Mr. Tucker, M.L.A., tbo okairman of tho committee, will draw up a draft report for presentation to his colleagues. The board \vill then turn its attention to sweating in other industries. The Coloninl Bank reoponod its doors on Monday and sinco then has made highly satis factory progross, not only recovering noarly all the business of its old customers, but has actually added a considerably fresh clicnllle to its books. Its business lying ohicfly in tho country, spread over 80 branches, its assets may bo considered perfectly sound. Mr. Jamos Moloney, solicitor, of Collins-Btroot, who is well known and enjoys wide popularity, has joined tho board of direotors as the chosen roprcsouta- tivo of the creditors. Owing to tho mysterious disappearance of the 13-ton ketch, Star of Mallaooota, it was assuraod that the oraft had foundered at sea during a gale. The ketch is owned by Mr. H. Buoknall, of Gipsy Point, Genoa, and left Mallncoota Inlet on lfith May with cargo for Melbourne, under tho oharge of two men, Messrs. Collins and Miller. It waB blowing hard when tho ketoh left ; she did not report along the coast, and a resident at Eden, in New South "Wales, found on tho beach, on 13th June, the vessel's dingy, which lind beon lnshod to tho deok. The Lady Loch made n trip along tho coast about that time without seeing any traces of wrookago, and it was consequently believed that the boat was lost. Information lias reaohed the Customs authorities, however, that tho kctoh was dismasted and othorwiso damaged in a' galo on 12th June, and is now in shelter on the southorn coast for ropairs. An accident at the Lygon-strcat orossing of the Fitzroy and Collingwood railway lines formed the subjeot of an notion tried in tho County Court yesterday before Judge Casey. The plaintiff was William Mnttkewson, gate keeper, 307 Violoria-stroet, West Melbourno, and the defondant W. A. Heflornan, book maker, Barkly-streot, East Rrunswiok. On 2nd January, as plaintiff was shutting tho gateB at his orossing, a pony and buggy, driven by tho defendant, camo dashing along the road. The latter cried out to tho plaintiff to keep the gates open, but no attention was paid to him. Tho pony and buggy were stated by several witnesses to havo jumped clean over the nearest gate. The defendant was thrown out and slightly injured, but tho plaintiff was knocked down and severely hnrt. Tho caso for the defenoe was that tho pony had taken fright at a dog, and had bolted. The dofepdant had lost all control ovor the animal. Tho judge was of opinion that tho affair was accidental, and that do-, fondant was not to blamo. Judgment was given for tbo defendant with costs. Mr. H. Barrett appeared for the plaintiff (solicitor, Mr. Budd); Mr. M 'Arthur for the defendant (soli- citor, Mr. Hoales). The civil sittings of the Supreme Court for the current month will bo commenced on Mon day next.. Tho Pull Court will be constituted by Mr. Justice Williams, Mr. Justico Holroyd and Mr. Justice Hood. Tho list comprises 18 rcmanets and 13 new cases. Chamber business will be taken during the month by Mr. Justice Holroyd, and tho Chief Justice will preside in tho Criminal Court. Mr. Justice A 'Beckett goes on circuit, sitting at Eohuca on tho 18th, Castlomaine 20th and Sale 25th July. Muoh regret was felt amongst the Roman Catholic seotion of the community at the announcement of tho serious illness of tho Rev. Pathor Fitzgorald, lately sent a3 assistant at Ooburg, and who has for vory many years labored zealously amongst hiB clerioal confrirce and co religionists in tho service of the church. As tho result of overwork of tho mind,, tho reverend gcntleman.haB become so disturbed that ho has had to be plaoed under speolal treatment, but it is hoped that by care and attention he will soon be able to rcsumo his duties. Wo havo received the following contribution in aid of the Old Soldiers' lloino, Drysdalo Capt. Ketly, 10s. A concert in aid of St. Alban's Church, Armadalo, will bo givon at tbo Prahran Town lfall, this even ing. 