Echuca Baptist Church. . On Sunday ovoning last the Rev T. Bau son, of Maiden, conduotod service in.the. Baptist Church. His toxt was taken from the Acts vm„ 35, and 36. Ho said Philip was directed to go to tho desert to win one ; soul for Jesus. Sometimes God opens a door of opportunity to Holy Ghost men in very unlikely places. God never sends aiiy man 011 his messages without giving suoh directions as shall prevent, all mistakes and misgivings, if simply and implicitly ' ' followed. This is also strictly true of tho doctrinos contained in the Gospel; no soul ever missed salvation that followed tho directions given by Jesus Christ and His Apostlos. Tho Ethiopian was favoured by three most distinguished poi'sons after, Him, tho Angel of tho Lord, tho Spirit and Philip, a man of faith and full of tho Holy Ghost. Just as Philip readied tho desert ho saw tlio chariot passing and tho Spirit said unto him " Go near and jo'n thyself to this choriot,"and olio only way of doing this was to run for it. If, thousands aro to be saved, it will, and can only be, by running men of God and snatching them out of tho - firo. Tho church needs not only praying and preaching men, but running mon. "How beautiful are tho foot of thorn that run with glad tidings. Christianity is not so old, but it has life enough to run. It began running from tho tomb, and lias not been stopped yet, by follies, or by faultsj by slumber, or tho wisdom of tho wise, nor by Satan. Tho avowal of tho Ethiopian must bo undorstood as oomprohonding :—1. A . simple roliance on Christ; truo faith brings us to tho Lord Jesus for salvation, causes us to renounce ovory other hope : and engages us to roly on Him as our all in all. 2. An unrosorvod devotion to Him. The Ethiopian desired to bo baptised ; and confessing his full porsuasion tlmt Jesus was tho Messiah, tho Son of God, ho was admittod to tho be lievor's ordinance. " Ho commanded tho chariot to stand still: and thoy wont down both into tho water, both Philip and tho onnucli ; hu baptised him." Tho English custom was immersion till aftor tho days of Tindalo and Quoen Elizabeth. Wo do not hesitato to say that if all' tho sects who prao tiso this rite, and those who bolievo in it but aro connected with other churches, could bo gathored under ono banner numeri cally, they would far outstrivo any other do nomination in oxistonce. Tho largost church in tho world to day is a Baptist Church, which has between 30,000 and 40,000 mem bers. Tho largost denomination of colourod Christians in tho sourthorn states is known as tho "Rogular Baptist," it having about 1,280,000 mombora. 