Financial Session. The Financial business commenced on Tuesday afternoon, 21st November. The following lay gentlemen were pre sent : — Messrs. Lonsdale, M.L.A., and Thomas Lambert (Armidale), Win. Lam bert (Glen Innes), C. T. Piper (Tamwortb), George Weakley (Gunnedah), T. Morton (Tenterfield), and Mr. James Lund, Home Missionary (Emmaville). It was recommended that Tenterheld Cirouit be divided, and that Drake, Tabu lum, Fooloom. and the neighbouring placeB, be constituted a Home Mission Station, and that Mr. T. Morton be appointed to that station as Home Missionary. The following circuits were ^due to take a married instead of a single minister: — Armidale, Glen Innes, Manilla, Narrabri, Bingara. It was recommended that these, with the exception of Manilla, be relieved from their obligation for another year, On the question of new stations, the resolution of last year was reaffirmed with reference to Moree. The Statistical Returns were minutely examined, and on the whole indioated pro gress. New churches had been built during the year as follows, viz. : Armidale, at a cost of £2050, with a debt of £1274 ; Emmaville, Chinese mission ohm-ch, cost £78 8s, no debt. Manilla Circuit. — A church at Hall's Creek, cost £128 ; debt £34. A church was reported to'be in course of erection at Gum Flat in the Inverell Cir cuit. Sanction for the purchase of land for church siteB was given in the Inverell, Manilla, and Emmaville Circuits. It was recommended that an additional loan of £150 be given to the Bingara Cir cuit, in aid of the Trust property in Bin gara, on condition that the total indebted ness to the Bank and to the Barraba trus tees be defrayed. GRANTS RECOMMENDED. The following grants were reoommended for Cirouit deficiencies : — Gunnedah, £80 ; Narrabri, £40 ; Glen Innes, £25, with a special grant of £17 14-s, to pay an old Cir cuit .debt; Emmaville Home Mission station, £30 conditionally. A grant of £200 was recommended towards Armidale new church. The position of the various trusts with reference to the Loan Fund was carefully examined. . Suggestions from the General Secretary regarding alteration in the rules of the C. S. and E. Society were considered, and in most cases recommended for adoption. METHODIST UNION. The subject elicited much interest and was carefuily discussed, as a result of whioh, resolutions were adopted by a majority as follows: — 1. In the judgment of this meet ing the form of the questions as presented by the committee on Methodist Union is such as to give no value to an affirmative answer. 2- This meeting is strongly in favour of the Union of the Methodist Churches; but is of opinion that before Organic Union be resolved upon such financial arrangements shall be devised and perfected as shall secure the equality of all ministers of the United Churcb in relation to' stipends, claims upon con nexional funds, &c.;, and place ail its interests and institutions in a sound and satisfactory position. 3. We recommend the re-appointment of the committee which shall obtain and supply all the data relating to circuit finance, the assets and liabilities of Trusts, the possible overplus or other wise of ministers, and to all other matters necessary to guide to a definite and in telligent judgment. 4. That the question, together with all necessary data, be sub mitted to the members of our Church, our Quarterly Meetings and District Meetings, the results to ba forwarded to next Con ference. 5. We recommend the creation of a Federal Council representing the various Methodist Churches, which shall be empowered to act upon all matters respecting which it is possible for all Methodism to act in concert ; such subjeota to be defined in the charter under whioh the Council is created. The conversation on the state of the work of God was earnest and impressive, and was taken part in by several of the mem bers. The following resolution was adopted : — ' The members of this meeting having heard the statistical returns for the year, record their deep gratitude to the great Head of the Churoh for the success whioh has attended their labours during the past year. They would also record their regret that greater results have not been attained, and they would humbly and most devoutly reconsecrate themselves to God and His ser vice for the consolidation and extension of His Kingdom, and by a more earnest pur suit of personal holiness and other qualifi cations requisite to success in Christian work, await the baptism of the Holy Ghost.' EPWORTH PRINTING HOUSE. A communication was received from the ? manager of the Methodist and the ' Ep worth Printing House,' and it was resolved — ' That we express our gratification at the establishment of a printing office in connec tion with our Church, and commend it . together with our Cennexional Journal, to the sympathy and support of our people throughout the district.' The affairs of our eduoational institutions came under consideration, and the follow ing resolution was passed : — ' This District Meeting expresses its great interest in Newington College, and gratification at its continued success as shown in the various examinations. We would strongly com mend it to the Bupport of our people, and recommend that the present principal be re-appointed.' A resolution of similar purport was passed with regard to the Wesleyan Ladies' Col* lege, Burwood. Suggested alterations in the rules of the Supernumerary Fund were received, and were, for the most part, recommended for adoption. miscellaneous resolutions. 1\. ' That it be a recommendation to the General Conference that supernumeraries who have remunerative employment should not be olaimants on the Children's Fund.' 2\. ' That this Distriot Meeting recom mend to the Conference, that while the law regarding the itinerancy remains as at pre* Bent, no minister Bliould be appointed to any station in the colony — mission or other wise — for a longer period than three years.' 3\. ' That it be a recommendation to the General Conference that the rules be amended to read that ' all members of the General Committee be total abstainers.' ' 4\. ' That this meeting approves of the principles of the Christian Endeavour Society, and recommend it to be acknow ledged as an institution of our Church, and a column set apart in the general returns for the record of its membership.' 5\. ' That the name of the District be ohanged from Armidale to the New Eng land District.' 6\. 'That it be a recommendation to the Annual and General Conferences that the District Meetings assemble in January ; the Annual Conference in May ; the Ministerial changes take place in July ; the General Conference meet in November ; and tlie Connexional Year terminate on the 31st December.' The Rev. C. W. Graham was elected, to the Stationing Committee, and Rev. W. Henry and Messrs. Lonsdale and Denning to the Distribution Committee; r ) 