ANARCHIST ACTIVITY. Oon recent cable messages have reported a new series of Anarchist outrages in Europe, Activity of this kind is necessarily intermittent. The planning and carrying out of a number of attacks on life and property involve a great deal of thought and calculation. Anarchists are fond enough of the gOspel of destruction, no doubt, but, as a rule, they are much fonder of themselves. They do not like destruction itself. It is a gospel the benefits of which they believe are strictly limited to other folk. They do not think of sudden extinction as sudden glory. Henea every outrage is attended by anxious precautions in the interests of their own lives. And a period of activity is, for the same reason, followed by one of rhinestones, The alarmed and indignant communities are carefully let alone. Anarchists are always looking for unsuspicious unwatched people, and they fear even more than they hate the policeman and the soldier. How are we to account for the existence of the Anarchist at all We think it must be conceded that some-probably a small minority of these people are sincere. They are conscious of the imperfections of the present social system. They see and feel the unequal distribution of wealth. They are sensitive to the awful amount of preventible suffering in the world. And they imagine that if horror could be struck into the hearts of rich men and rulers a reconstruction of society would follow. But if the experience of all nations goes for anything, there is no short cut to the millennium. Social progress may be terribly slow ; indeed it seems to be so ; but the Anarchist methods across it altogether. Social reform is essentially moral in its foundation and force, and therefore has no part or lot with dynamite. It is unimaginable that any nation could be dynamited into a more equitable distribu- tion of wealth or into any other great reform While, however, it may be allowed that a minority of Anarchists are sincere believers in violent methods of reform the majority of these underground creatures are mere brutes. They delight in slaughter and destruction. They are savages. They do not understand Social questions, and are incapable of high motives. But. it is the misfortune of the world that Anarchists can point, in justification of their methods of trying to effect social reforms, to the habit of settling international disputes by physical force. This Europe which is so indignant and justly in- dignant at the occurrence of dynamite outrages is one vast armed camp. Might is still right in international affairs. We still look to the place where the strongest battalions are when we would find Providence. Millions of man are taken from productive pursuits, and immense sums of tax money are expended in maintaining these men, because Europe has not yet out- grown the barbarous system of settling disputes by physical force. So long as we have the soldier we shall have the Anarchist. Not, of course, that there are not vast differences between the Anarchist and the soldier. The soldier's character is capable of embodying and illustrating and com- mending some of the grandest qualities of human nature The lights at the order and in behalf of his nation, and on an open field. He exposes his own life in every battle. But the Anarchist may plead that both he and the Soldier seek great ends by employing physical force and there is no complete answer to the plea. There is so much that is dreadful in the social conditions of Karapa that we need not be astonished at a few half-insane men persuading themselves that the use of bombs and infernal machines for ends of reform is pardonable. But what ghost of justification or palliation is there for anarchism in Australia? If there is a country in the world which should be free from the Anarchist it is Australia. Food is good and cheap, work is generally plentiful and well paid, the climate has no winter severities, there are numerous opportunities for men who have the capacity of progress, a comfortable home is within the reach of industry and thrift, and the political system is one which places the destinies of the country in the hollow of the workman's hand. Yet there are Anarchists in Australia. Labour, official Labour, never condemns anarchism. If men are caught in acts of destruction, or convicted of conspiring to destroy they are welcomed back from prison as if nobility of character were responsible for their misfortunes, Official Labour takes very little trouble to disguise its sympathy with Anarchist methods and it is well within the bounds of probability that, thanks to Labour's delicate choice of candidates, we shall have avowed Anarchists in several Australian Parliaments. Perhaps there are a few of them there now. But the Anarchist will never be able to terrorise Australia into accepting his schemes of social reform. We are English, very English. It is impossible for us to make terms with semi lunatics or cowardly friends. We yield nothing to dynamite. We have a franchise which brings every reasonable reform within the range of practical legislation and administration, and with that every sort of re- former will have to be content. 