WHO IS HE ? 'i«OR Tbe1 Mfan latabma in ' , Australia, v ' " 100PTBIGHT, | AN AUSTRALIAN STORY of the Natural & Supernatural, ' ' B KENNETH HAMILTON, M.H.,F.X.C.S. » «» CHAPTER XX.— (Con-tinued.) " Oh, Mr. Barton," bIio said, " toll mo if you huvo anything on your mind ! You will havo a partial judgo, I think," Bho added, with a wan smilo. " Our hurdons bccomo lighter when wo huvo a friond besido us, And I am your friond, and you havo bought from iny gratitudo all a woman can bo- . stow," It was plain speaking and spoken in all sincerity. Barton felt tbe truth of tho woman, and ho was moved to his inmost soul. "Good Heavens! "'lie said, "if Ionlydaro with such a past to liang liko a mill-stone round my nook." Tlion with with a sort of fury in his voico': " You do not know what you say. Listen. I don't know myself. My past is but a hideous .dream, with every hellish phantom dancing in mockery through my mind. I am tho sport of a fiend. Ono moment I scorn to grasp somo recollection and cling to it liko a drowning sailor to a slippery rock, and again a now idea springs up equally vivid and equally tangible, and tho two cannot bo 'true. YVhat is it all, you will say. I don't know, can't know — aud no ono but ono mail can help mo niul ho wont. Heavens! if I woro to toll youthooxperionoo of tho past' fow months — but no, I will not. God presorvo your memory, Miss Mnrsdcn. With it goes lifo." Thoy walked on in silence, both bent on thoir own thoughts. " You will not lot mo help you," sho said at Inst. " Ah, it's not fair," (with a littlo ghost of a smilo.) " I would if I daro," recovering himself ; " but tho secret of my unhappy fancy must ho borne by myself to tho gravo. That will ' como to finish all or explain all." Ho daro say no more, nnd ho turned nway without another word. Tho lady walked on pondering all these strange things in her heart. AVhat forms of solf-sncrifico presented themselves boforo her mind wo cannot toll, but wo can imagino tbo wido bounds of u truo woman's solf -martyrdom. CHAPTER XXI. >. stelbouuxe's madxess. Melbourne was mad — stark, raving, "Kow" mad. Tho mania for spcouluting in real ostnto had seizod 'on tho wholo population liko nn epidemic dlsenso. Tho pooplo had boon ion# prosperous and tbo capital of tho country lind marvellously incrcnscd, but bad not increased in any such proportion as tho snnguino wishes of tho Victorians had supposed. Legislation had' brought people from all parts to tho great city. Those peoplo had to find dwell ing -places, and buildings woro rim up in every direction to accommodate tliem. Of courso this nuturully caused a tremendous advanes iu tho price of city aud suburban, property, and when largo prices woro paid _ for a few. allotments, mon of the Wallace typo could easily create a " boom " by pur chasing at a prico ton timos over tho liighost value. Owners of property thought that they had become millionaires without tho least troublo on their part, and others rushod madly into speculation with the hope of sharing in unexpected dovolopnicnt. Many of tho banks woro bitton by tho tarantula nnd actually forced tho monoy on thoir customers or oven on strangers. Building societies hardly know what to do with tho money which flowed into thom from nil sides, and no ono but a faol would stand usido and allow nil this wealth to glido past liim without making a dutch to scizo somo of it. What a rattling, roaring timo it was ! Evoryouo was to bo rioli ; overyono was to havo his own liouso and his own vine and fig-tree, and Victoria wis to becomo tho garden of Eden — barring the innocence — of tho nineteenth century. Wallace was at tho bond of everything, and indeed — hurdly understanding what was to such a largo oxtont tho work of liis own hand or head — was inclined to bcliovo in tho reality of it all. At ono timo ho did boliovo in a half-hearted way and wont on rejoicing. Thon lie recollected the very small basis on which it all rested, and determined to mako his hay whilo tho sun was shining. Again ho was drawn in. Somo syndicate or otlior had to be formed, and whatobanco was thoro of doing any good unless "Sir William" was known to have a " hand in it." He bought and he sold, but it was all on paper. Men bought for papor a'ud incurred liabilities that thoy could nover. moot if thoy lived to the ago of Mothusolnh, and thon sold for paper to men as rookless and foolish us thomsolvos. Whatever coin was going was supplied by banks which suddenly sprung up into mushroom oxistenoo with tho timos. Wallace's companies took n now lenso of lifo, and ho added to thoir number until thoy woro boyond ovoii his comprehensive glanco. . His stylo of living became ovon moro ostentatious than over. His Toorak mansion was culargod so that it rivalled tho palace of a sovereign. His wife, Lady Wallaco, was tho leador of society. Nothing could bo dono in town or country without hor lit tho head of it, and eortaiidy sho filled tho position of "Lady Bountiful" to admiration. She was a good woman, and good womon nro too rnro. Wallace and Luinsdon woro ugnin closottod together in tho office of tho formor just whon the naadncss was at its height. -Thoy woro bath porfcotly well aware thut the climax had boon readied, and that if they were to ho safe they must realise gradually. < But that wa's oiuicr said than dono. Paper lias to mature no matter how good it may be. The oonfcronco had boon long and anxious. Tho two mon looked haggard' and weary. Thoy had summoned a spirit from tho vasty doop, and had forgotton the Abracadabra , which could control him. . There woro many things to bo oaref ully eonsidored— many con- ringonoios to be anticipated. Thoy had suc ceeded in quadruplying their assets, hut they had boon forced into maurring liabilities : much greater, and somo of these liad to bo met substantially in coBh, or tho fubno hoy1 had taken ouo'-. troublo in building would come tumbling about their oars like a houso- of cards. ." I don't sco what wo can do," said Lums- don, throwing himsolf baok into his ohair. ''That confounded hill of Hampton's must he met by hook or orook, and tho Viotorla will require solid mahogany." , - " That doesn't matter in itself," Haid Wal- : lace, " if wo could only eco boyond. Thoro '-is upwards of £100,000 m value in that safo > that could be turned into sovoroigns or as good as sovereigns in half an hour," - 1 : - "The dftuchg,tiere is !" said -his friond:. "WhatjffiiMie rijhjtp of common-sense havo; you heonffmbing about, thon, with, enough witMidjBPfloat usfoi; -aT gonera-1 tion!" „ " Two verv small considerations First. I . havo only a claim on some twclvo or fiftoon thousand of it, and second, although tho rest is not my own and may ho callod for any momont, I havo mado use of it already for an advance when tho ' Moreatorial ' re-' quired ono." ' ; "On my honor, it will havo to go for' tho same purposo again, so far as I ean sco," said Lnmsdon; " It hasn't bcon long back,',' replied Wal-.' laoo ; " hut I suppose that doesn't mattoh On tbo smaller sum I havo something of a claim. It is the savings of a couplo of minors - .who gave it to me for .investment, and I thought I couldn't do better than invest itiri our 'Financial.' Thoy have beon woll enough contented with thoir dividonds up to the present at any rate." ' Both tho mon laughod heartily at tl?o thought of the high dividends, and. then' Lumsdopi syid : . Yoil haven't told mo whore tho rest came- from." ' ''Well;' tliero is a bit '.of a mystery about that I can't get at tho bottom of. It was loft horo by the Indian — princo he said, lie wns — for safo kooping. You met him I think in Toorak ono evening. Ho has drawn upon mo twico or throe times, but only for com paratively small sums, from Dunedin and Launccston, but that !b nil I havo to lcdger- against him sinco ho brought tho stuff one evening with something liko sooreoy. Ho told mo ho would give mo fair notice before he withdrew it. I don't know why ho said - so, but at any rata I trusted to rcoeiving notioo and havo mado good uso of tho treasure — indeed, if things six months ago hadn't taken a decent turn I half fancy I should havo mado a pormanont loan of -it, hut thoro was no necessity, and I don't think thoro is any now. "Wo can always havo timo to turn about aftor receiving his notioo." "It will havo to go to the vaults of tho 'Commercial' to-morrow, I think," said Lumsdon. "Things aren't ovor bright in tho south, I can tell you. Tho Saving's Bank doposita hardly koep us afloat, and Carnoy has beon 'booming' it up too loud. "Wo wore both dipped in a couplo of speculations pretty heavily, and ready monoy is over scaroe with us." "Hang Carnoy and you both!" oriod "Wallaco in a rago. " You'll spoil tho whole thing by your folly. Tho bottom I toll you ovory day is knocked clean out of tho ' boom,' and will soon bo ' devi! take tho hindmost,' and tho hindmost I toll you again will como an otornal smash. If wo can spin through for a fow months wo shall conto out with fly ing colors and full hags, hut if you and Carney play tho douco naw wo'll ho blown sky-high. Can't you havo a little bit of common-senso ?' ' "Oh, a vory fow thousands will keop us square all round, so long as tho people bring in their savings and tho borrowers pay up tboir dues. I can always shut -up tho direc tors, and the auditosa darn't quick. Vory littlo of tho ready monoy will bo enough, and you onn lot us hlvo it now." "Well, you know hod' I stand with all thoso companies. Wo havo bled tho 'Mor eatorial' almost dry of cash. I havo boon disappointed, I tell you at onoo, in many of my oxpootations, hut I am suro with time we coidd pull straight, hut we'll want time and nothing clso will do. Timo will steady matters, and tho margin of profit wo count on will bring us in straight. Thoro 1b enough and moro than enough to do it, but wo may turn out tho ' donkey botwecn two stools.' Ono thing is certain, you must havo no more speculation. You havo had quito onough of it, and it is as well for you to keep in grind that uny further speculations you indulgo in will bo at your own risk, and your ohanoo of ranking anything from tliem is of tho smallest. Tho bottom is out of the ' boom,' I toll you." " I'll take your word for it. Tito readout of tho present . state of affairs must run through your safe. -There is nothing olso for>- it, hocauso'to realiso now would bo madness, - and these hills must ho mot or thoro will be ruin all round." " You are right onough thorc, and I doubt I sco somo troublo ahead with tho 'Mor eatorial.' Onco over thoro is a breath of suspicion tho ornsh will como and nothing on earth will stop it. If wo can keep straight, as I said before, wo can manago iu a couplo. of months nnd mako splondid profits as woll. Timo is all wo want, and wo must havo that at any price. Now, this is what I shall do. ThisHulim Haki loft tho monoy with mo on tho solo'condition that ho would havo it whon it wns domanded. Ho mndo tho law- papers dovilishly secure for himself, I pro- nriso you. I hurdly thought ho would have hud thu nouso to do so but ho did. Ho did not, however, bind my hands as regards using it, and tho wholo consequently will go to tho vaults of tho bank as seourity for an advaneo to meet thoso bills, hut on tho condition that it is kept intact until rcdooracd. Darn tho money ! — I don't know that it has bouefittcd me muoh. I always lookod baok to it whon I speculated, and tho temporary possession mado me out my fingers to tho bono unioss it turns up trumps now— at any rate thoro is enough to pull us through for tiio presont, and if wo got our pegs in ail straight thoro will ho easy going in tho future." ' "Don't bo sure of that, old man. Tho whole city has been bitten, 'and if one of these institutions goes down tho wholo hag of tricks will he scattered in otornal smash. Egad, I shako in my shoes myself. Botweon Carnoy and myself there is hardly a ponny-plooo in our coucem. Tho safo is full of bogus securities, nnd any minnto wo may havo a blow up. I havo a fow thousands laid by if tho worst comes to tho worst, but not onough to mako things domostio hum as I always liko thom. ' Plriz ' is a rare old stuff, but dreadfully expensive." ""Woll, of courso, I can't he suro of it, but wo both havo the reputation of millions and wo oan live on that for a short time oven if times aro bad! "What we want, as I said bofore, is to foud off pressing creditors. Our bills aro maturing with frightful rapidity and must ha mat or overything is blown. Now, this Indian monoy will givo us a show. I shall havo it in the ' Commercial ' in a day or so and you can draw on mo. How muoh will do you? You will hrtve to mako it as littlo as you oan possibly- do with, because it is risky — mighty risky, I toll you." "Imusthavo £10,000 at tho vory least. You had bettor run ovor and see how wo stand and thon you oan judge." "That's useless. I know well enough how you stand generally." " "What do' you think will bo tho result of it all P" . " "What do I think P "Why, man, I know it will next door to. ruin Viotoria look, stoek and barrel. That don't matter, however, if, .wo can pull through oursolvos. On my con- Boionce, Lumsden." , " " Of Courao you mean ns muoh as thoro is of it." ( v. '.' To bo suro- I do—to be sure I do. I wafc going' to say something olso. But I shall say ' that on -my consoionco or the partial oon- soionco I. wouldn't like to bo in your shoes if thoro is an otornal smash. The old women of tho south will wipo you out with their" disholouts." Lumsdon shuffiod a bit uneasily on Lis ohair at tho omen. "AU right, man," said ho; "but let mo' toll you. whilo the old womon aro at work with mo.tho mon.wiU.bo. lynohing you, and Egad,T don't know what I should profor if I had .a.edjriifithti mutter. V - "Booh ! Pooh ! man, ,wo nro in, Victoria and living in the. Viotorinn ago of tho nino- .tccnth century."/' . " Faith, " said -Lumsdon, rising, ", only for that-safe aver thoro and what's in it I should . rolish a chance of. auarters and wouldn't bother about the ago. You shouldn't jest in \- suoh sorious subjoots, Wallace. An infernal old -woman did bring' mo to book tho other day, and I hud to shcU out. - Gad ! Bho gave mo a lino taste, and now your mentioning tho beldames brought hor to mind." Good-bye, old man, I'll sea you to-morrow. odrly. ' " Bo hero as oafly ' as possiblo after ten. Bnki's monoy mutt go, and wo- must make tho moBt of tho time wo have. Bo sure and como 'to our hop to-hight. Wo must show a a hold faoe no matter how things run. Good-v bye ! for tiio present." - ; ' Tho two mon ooparatod and Lumsdon went his way. "Wallace romainod tho last man in ifiio office, arid did not leave until long aftor his accustomed hour. The gamhlor wue calculating tho chances of tho dico. ';;.CHAPTi!R XXII. f ;JS V the saxi: at' toorak. ''"Cliisolkurst," : tho Toorak mansion of Sir William Wallace, was the scono of muoh fuss and gny disturbance on tho evening of tho eventful hall. Tho road was thronged with carriages drawn up in line waiting with what patienoo thoy could thoir turn to drive up nnd loavo thoir fair occupants at the bril liantly lighted door of this hospitahlo man sion. Tho gates, grounds and house blazed with olcotrio light, fountains flashed and gleamed with rainbow hues, skilfully thrown upon them by carefully designed lights ; whilo inside tho hall tho most wonderful arrangement of ferns mid ilowors converted tho stately house into a'fairy palace. At tho top of tho first roeoption-iwom stood Lady . Marion and Sir William Wallace, smiling, and chatting, beaming with welcome as thoy received their msny-gucsts and addressed to them tho few society- phrases and appropriate chit-chat whioh was all that could bo inter changed in so great a crowd. Edith lmd grown weary of it somo half hour previously and withdrew to an inner drawing-room, whoro tho warm light fell from roso-colorcd globes and tho scouted air, tho waring palms and ferns, tho sweot heavy' scent of raro and beautiful flowers uli helped to lull tho senses to a dreaming delight which tho slow music of tho distant ball room only deepened instead of rousing. Edith found herself for a fow momontsalouo, und, drawing near to ono. of tho largo bay- windows hirif sbuded ,by tho soft, volvoty- curtnins, sho drew tiio blind arid gazed out at tho soft moonlit heavens. "Ah, lioavon," sho murmured, "how lovoly, how peaceful tho night! and horo how happy tho faces' around mo. Ah, mo ! shall I ovor know happincss.or poaco again. Why can I not still this eager longing for ono stop, this mad, insano dcBiro to hear tho sound of ono voice, to feel tho touch -of ono strong hand grasping mino with kindness. Yost that is just it, with kindness it is and nothing olso — yot I thought tho last wook or so ho looked with moro gontloncss ; ho spoko with something of tondorness, of regret whon ho said that ho should havo soon to tako a journoy with tho princo. Ah, that prinoo, what a dark, mysterious being ho is — ono glanco of his piercing eyes is onough to send a shivor right through to my vory soul. Is ho George Barton's ovil genius, as ho some times seems to intimate ? "What is tho con nection botweon them ? I. fear— I fear it is him I havo to thank for the state of George's mind towards me. A glanoo from him and Georgo sooms to retreat within himself somo- whoro miles and miles from me — nnd y«t is not lovo tho greatest powor in tho world ! I feel as if my lovo for Goorgo would be Btrong onough to surround him liko a child — to slay any otlior powor that would approaoh to harm him. All mo, what a -wild, foolish girl I am — nnd ho oaros nothing — nothing — " Sho clasped hor hands suddenly, and wrung them in hor torture of mind as tho strength and hopelessness of hor lovo forced itsolf on her attention. A doop sigh near hor mado her'turn sliarply'round to discover the object . of hor thoughts 'standing a littlo boirind gazing out ut tho night with ii dreaming, far away air us if ho was only half aliyo. " Mr. Barton, I thought you were dano- ing!" criod Edith, scarcely knowing in hor confusion what she said. "Danoing, dancing — what havo I to do with dancing ; that belonged to — to what — something or somowhoro that I can't lay hold of in my mind do what I will — somo timo or placo in my lifo, and yot was it my lifo ?" "Mr. Barton, you talk strangely at times, and yot when action is necessary you are quick enough, as I nm nover tired of romom- boring," sho addod in a soft and winning tone. It scomod to touch Barton into life for a momont. Advancing a step ho took her hand in a warm olusp. "Nay, Miss Marsdon, you think too muoh of so simplo a thing; but I cannot say muoh about it sinco it hus brought mo tho friend ship und synqrathy of so sweet a woman as yourself; and I am so rough and pluin a man . that I cannot cxprcsB to you aU I wish to say." \- " Yos, my friendship is yours, if that is of . any uso to you — frionds in this world aro not so plentiful I find, and in sociaty it is a word of a hollow sound ; yot friendship, pure and singlo-hoiirted, und kind thought never yet harmed anyone, and my lifo is so lonely a ono, in spite of appearances, and will bo al ways so, that my frionds aro fow and far be tween. A faction of fripndship, therefore, is not likoly ttf'bo brokori on my part— hands . on't?" sho addod, with a short laugli whioh yergcd vcrjr riigh to tears. Onoo more' thoir hands mot in a long clasp. . "Thanks, Miss Marsdon — Edith may I say -for onco. This is, indocd, a tiling to prize— a truo, warm- hearted littlo friond; but I forgot I onme ,to nsk, at" your sister's dosiro, if you will honor mo with this waltz. I fool ns if I daucod, und yot I um not oor- taln !" ho oried, in on irritated Jrind of way, " but you nro-80 gontlo that if I don't shape woll you will pardon mo, I know," and drawing tho hand ho still held through his arm, lie :marchod off to tho hall-room in the, half- absent manner wliioh seemod ono of his chief characteristics. Tho softest and dreamiest of waltzes sounded through the ball-room, and Edith soon found herself floating round in Georgo Barton's arms'iri tho rythmio motion so dear to all truo lovors of tho ball-room. Hor stop and George's harmonized wolltogethor. Tiio . dancors thinned off aouplo aftor couplo, hut Edith and lior companion kopt on. . Many an admiring glanco followed them; she wag so graceful and Barton so tall, and thoir dano ing expressed the very poetry of motion. But as Eingsley says, " Good times and 'bsd times and all times soon como to an end," and so at last did tho waltz. "With tho look of dreaming happiness still -on her faoo, sho lot/ Barton lead. her, to one of tho dimly . lighted conservatories in silence and stand fanning hor for ty few momenta oro he broke - tho siloqco.. "cl; v."" 31 ThwikVyb'u,v - my -littlo friond it sooms YatTI diddqneo onco sotaowhoro, though fpon-my h'onor-I oan't say whoro. But you possess a groat nmount of olootno farco, I fanoy, for I always fed a certain defiance of fato or something whon I am near you. A strange foot, I cannot oxplain ovon to my self what I moan. A Btrango man I know myself to bo — a queer friond for you, littlo ono, and que you'll tiro of bofore long if I mistake not," . "'Never.-Goorgo— Mr, Barton I weftu — I , eholI'pQt' change .as long, as thoro is life in- mo at oll:; hut I wish, oh f I wish IcSddhdft- 1 you to'fopiombor what you wish, ha.i-L fod ' etrangoljq-jfiopressod to- nigljfc, nnd I thought Iheurd taoro than -one anxious tonomtho groups of tqlking people thatvra passed gojng to tho ball-room. What is in the ate— do yuu fonl it?!'— (To lie cojjtiwukiO,, W. H. IS 