IN days of retrenchment such as these it is certainly incumbent upon the Government to save at the spigot, while taking care that they at the same time are not wasting at the bung-hole. The proverb is somewhat musty, and not over elegant, to say the least of it, but it very adequately expresses the duty of our rulers, if ever the finances o£ this much-suffering colony are to be restored to a normal condition An ingenious gentleman, writing to a metropolitan contemporary, suggests that coroner's juries should be done away with. They do not cost much, it is true, but they are utterly useless, and so need not cost anything. Sacli, we take it, is his contention. But he might have gone a step or two further, and have suggested that Coroners should be abolished together with their juries. The coroner is neither more nor less than a relic of the dark ages.' The beat authorities tell ua tliat he was ati officer appointed in Saxon times, and that the principal function which he now exercises is that of holding inquests on the bodies of such as die, or are supppsed to have died, from violent deaths. For this, purpose he is to go to the place where any person is slain or suddenly dead, and by his warrant to the bailiffs or constables of the place summon a jury out o£ the neighbouring places or towns to, make enquiry upon view of the body, and he and his jury are to enquire into the manner of killing and all circumstances that occasioned the party's death, who -were present, whether the dead person was known, where he lay the previous night, etc., and to examine the body for marks of violence. Then the jury were to bring in their verdict, and the coroner was to deliver his " inquisi- tion," and, if the murderer was discovered, commit him to the next Assizes. There can be little doubt but that at the time the office was established it was a necessary one, but with the advent of a police system of a thoroughly satisfactory character it lost all its ancient significance, and "Crowner's quest" now serves for the most part as a subject for ridicule, and was very nearly stamped out of existence when Charles Dickens travestied such proceedings in Bleak House. But functions of this character die hard amongst so conservative a race as the British, and' Mr Coroner survives to the present day, and has been duly imported into Victoria, the Colonial act being upon the lines of the English. The juries are paid at the rate of a shilling an hour, it being provided by a paternal Government that the minimum sum to be paid shall be four shillings, and everybody who has any experience of the bye-ways of the metropolis knows that for that insignificant sum regular morgue hunters will, and do, tussle every day, ghosting the banks of the Yarra in the hope of a drowned body turning up, and posting off to "catch the eye" of the coroner's orderly. An honorary magistrate could do all that is ever accomplished by the coroner, who might very well be dispensed with, and tlie sooner the Tjettc* ! We are tCompeUed tc hold over some co.vrei,- :pondence until our Eiext ieaue. "sne'Bioiiiguuw,, ^ii-.ny ai&tiua;, nearsaflB, is re-opened for l>u3iae»s, aaa wiil jj;v, va s gro.-. • boon to tbe resident: in She vicinhy. At Mafira to- morrow, Mc-s*rg Tty.-.n, I'vn mond and MateB will oner a Bpienalu ion ui Mewburn Park bnllocks for sale. : Some preliminary buBiuess was disposed of ;at the meeting .of. tba Mechanics' Debating So- ciety on' Tuesday, evening. A syllabus - was •arranged for the session, I and leaders for the Parliamentary work elected as follows :—Mr Morrison, Premier; and Mr Norman M'Lean leader of the opposition. Our Mel bourns correspondent informs us that the quarterly mining .returns are as follow :—Ballarat, 52,477 oz.; Bendigo, 44,734 oz.; Beechworth, 20,017, oz.; Castlemaine, 15,0i5 :oz.; ..Gippsland, 12,001' oz.; Maryborough, 9226 oz.; sndvArarat, 5923 oz. In Ballarat the yield shows a dt crease of 225 oz. j Maryborough, 487 oz.;..Gippsland, 563 oz, lldwts.; and Castlemaine, 813 oz. On the other hand, Beechworth Bhowe an increase of 6439 oz. lf> dwts. 13 gre.; .Bendigo, 1642 oz.: and Ararat, 993 oz. . Accounts await payment at the Receipt and Pay Office, Sale, .for R. Field, R. Forbes, G. R, A. Glenny, S. Holland, Sale Borough Council (9), S. F. Treloar, E. Wolf, J. 0. Coverdale, R. M'Bratney, W, R.-Bartlett. L. Jensen, W. M®ooald, H. E. Webb audSons. At Maffra for Dr Baake, W. Boulton, E. Feeley, J. Bachelbr, E. Griffiths, J. Knox, J. Lawrance, Ai'E. Muldoon, D. H. Weir, Hey- 6eld Mechanics', H. Reevee. At Stratfwd for J. Connolly,. Avon Shire, D. Connolly, J. Mildenbal], M, O'Uielly.. The Journal—with-what authority we know not—Bays:—VA surprise party, in the person of a customs ofiicer, bas been doing the rounds of Gippsland lately, visiting the hotels in the different towns, HIB object Is to examine the spirits exposed for sale ID the various hotels ; and in Bairnsdale and Sale moBt of the licensed victuallers have been most unfortunate in their samples. In Traralgon it is rumoured that some deleterious-liquor has been found on the shelves of one or two hostelnes. Pending the result of the analyst's report nothini; is authenticated, and as the reputation of the town for " good whisky" is well known, we hope the officer's search bas been satisfactory." Graceful recognition of the work performed by Constable Scanlon (late of Walhalla) in capturing a burglar at Messrs M'Kay and Son's store, Bridge atreeti'on 14th JUDB last, was, says the BallaratCouner, accorded thatofficer, when Superintendent ,Parkinson, on behalf of MeBBrs M'Kay and Sons, with the copsent of the Chief Commissioner of Police, presented Constable .Scanlon with a gold medal. Tbe medal is in the deBign of a shield. On one side the -initiate., of^-the recipient are engraved, Whilst the inscription on the other is:—"Presented to Constable J. E. Scanlon by Messrs M'Kay and Sons, for vigilance in arresting » burglar,. on our. premlBes. 14 | 6 | 93." Constable Scanlon has. also had a suitable entry .made on hiB record-Bheet. . The Cunmghame correspondent of the Argus Bays :—^'.The attention of the Public Works department should be directed to the necessity oft doing something to protect tbe river bank -fromj Jimmy'a Point .to the jetty at fialimna from the scour caused by: the rapid current that iB eating.into the bank at every rise and fall-of'the-tide.' A league has-been formed here to.co-operate -wUh.tho people in Orbost to endeavour to induce the Government to' construct a tramwav to connect the two plsceF. Such a line jcould be made cheaply iust now, and would'help "the unemployed. The shire engineer-has been over the. route, and Ws report says there are no engineering difficulties m. the wav, that Bleepers -can. be • optamed all along? the line, and the probable cost IB £500 per mile. : , Up to the present the Assizes,have been occupied by the trial of John Conder; charged with the..murder of ;an Indian hawker named Eaisa!!Singb}::near 'Buchan. Verv graat interest appears to be taken in the trial, for the ConrtHouse was crowded during the two days of the., hearing," though, truth to say, the evid,ence was .not . of an enthralling charaeter, benigiiireumBtaiitial in-its- main features. The Indian witne ses were mostl sworn on the Eoran, andntheir^vidence- interpreted by Mr Pxitchardj Government-interpreter, and they caveit.prettv BtoIidlv3 save thatthe father of the:, man-presumed *to have-been fonlly murderedTrDadda'i.Singh-^was amoved to tears by the exhibition of thesportrait of his son. Upon tbe completion of the Crown ProBecutot s addres to the jur , the taking of evidence •.haying:,;been..completed,- : the Court adiourhed untilhalf-pastnineo'clock- thiBinormng, when MrW.iE. JobnstonP, who appears for the defencej WiU addresB the iurv on behalf of the prisoner, r audHiB Honor will sum up. The incases remaining for hearing are those against iBafraiaandJSbomaaMartin, for larceny; John Bryant, larceny, William Oarr,:indecent as. jsanltsjiandSEredeMck'iOarpenter, .for. criminal kfisaultrjipon '&fgirl; utideriie^earB of age.-: , tf .The ippeal-of Mr James Thomson against the crdferpf the-Chief Justice sentencing lifin Seyen^ays' imprisonment - and :to jayJiafineMSEliOD^or contempt of court by She pjibhcaiioji'in the-EveningSfcandard -of certauiiarticltes ujpon the Mercantdfe Bank yirosecutioliB came before -&e; Full Colli fcon Tuesday, reports the Argus, bnt Mr Gauneon,^wtaiN%jpearea-4or Mt Milhdge, had little difficulty in showing that the appeal TSbUid^ot-iie^entertained.—-'An 'attempt to .obstruct .'.'ilie evcu and otdmar^ course .of..,., „ ®lic ^usgdg" 3s S criminal* oBence,; and there -.is 310 'appeal-Jo 'the Full Court n criniinal -mattwa. .Wi .Irv^ie, • tfoi; Mr ilMtspwiig V eoried to tha ltell)o>mie custody by a slbP! 