THE SEC RET. CHAPTER m.-Continued. j Thoroughly disgusted, I was about: to sayj^fgood-bye to my incorrigible' ; host» and tben and there shake the ' dost of bis boase from my feet, when I caught a glance from Kathleen, so -~ broken-hearted, so humble that a man must have been a stone to remain im * pervious. I restrained 4the Swords ? of farewell that hovered on my lips, and quietly "left the room. It sauntered into the yard, kicking at the sturdy weeds while I meditated, and dislodg- ing then with infinite satisfaction from their grim clinging to the bita oí earth between the rough irregular stones Kathleen's look bad decided me. The girl needed-my help, I was sure. Per- haps she meant to make à clean breast of her laat' night's adventure to me, siter all ; perhaps she was scarcely so much to blame as. in the first moment of irritatioa I had fancied. The sound of a step roused nie. I looked np. Kathleen stood there with the sun shining on her bright brown hair, causing it to look like burnished gold, and holding in her anns a small white ' kitten.? »' :' -i- ~ *> *. *f Shall* we go to the rains, Mr. Barclay ? " Bbe asked, in quite a natural _ manner ; "I should like to show them to you." : " Certainly, if you like." : "Wait a moment," she said, dashing -back into the kitchen. _ ' She reappeared directly, minus the white kitten, and plus her broad straw hat > * . : "Nbw\ I am ready," she said brightly! "Why 'did yon not bring the kitten?" I asked, sauntering slowly '/besideKer.i. -*.-- J . Kathleenls walk, erect, active, and springy^ .with the grace of a Kile peasant, - whose bearing would - shame that of most ladies, was one "of her greatest- beauties. I could" watch that lithe: figure, with' .the broad hips and . fine sloping shoulders, to my heart's delight as she moved on a little towards me, turning eagerly round now and then to enforce i her remarks with a look. . If I had ever doubted-the advantages of natural grace Vand unfettered activity over the strained and padded stiffness . of a town belle, I waa convinced of it ?now. plat elastic step, that fine car- riage ofT body, those well-made limbs, ? . were born of open air and exercise, and of the- health given by mountain breezes and simple habits. «Poor little Kit Î" said Kathleen \ "itia^sp fond of nie; it follows me about %&; garden. ". But yon; would fmd ft tiresome."; '-. ~ .* -' Why, am I such a bear?" "Sure, no; but you're a man, and men weary of the little things wt women like." "Ihdeedj'V I. said, wondering at hei profound philosophy. This little girl Vas no fool- even in her immorality she would be consistent, I felt sure. " Here stood the old abbey," sh« said, now coming to a halt among th« ?-???} rains, which were almost choked by i wilderness of aggressive brambles burdock, mullions, and dock leaves . " You can see the pointed > window o . the chapel, and there was the sacrist with the small side door, and yonde the monks'garden. You may find afe\ herbs ' still, the remnant» of thei cultivation." ".""The old monks always took ver good care of their comforts. Thos trout must have been specially deliciou on fast days, and. it .would not tai much exertion to fetch them from th laka I wonder what orgies am drunken bouts disgraced these old wall if they could but speakí" I added looking round critically, and tappin the mouldering stone with my stick. ,. "I, respect the monks," sai Kathleen quietly, her soft' eyes gkra tug. " I am a Bonum Catholic." "I beg your pardon," I said, for th moment nonplussed ; " of course yo are." " And/you are not," she said, with faint touch of troubled wonder in he voice.:* X'- .. ? u.No^I>m not" "My mother was a Protestant," sh ontmuêdj .in a dreamy kind of way -j «'but she died when I was quite littl« I can't remember her." "Did she live here ¥ I asked, feelin if that were the case, no great surpris at her early death. "Yes. She is buried there;" aa Kathleen pointed with her hand to far-distant hill. " Are there any legends about thi place ?." I asked, wishing to divert he . thoughts from sad recollections. " N wonderful' tales of saints, or martyre monks, pc;.ghosts?. There should b ghosts here, I think." "ThereA are ghosts afc Barravoe, said Kathleen, lowering her voice, a though'' the ghosts could hear an would **take: offence. "Fve see; them*:''; ."What?" 1 asked, leaning on m ; stiele:.*anä looking incredulously int , her face. - To me, whose life bad beei passed among sober business people and in the practical realities of everj day life, ghosts and spirits seemed ¡ .vanished superstition of the midd! -.- âges» , " You don'fc-believe me, I see," sh said, and a «shade of vexation passe over her fair forehead; "but Fv heardj^ph, such strange things ! an Fve seen---" "Well, what?' " Shapes and presences, the soon of wings, the rustle of trailing gai mente, queer, sighing noises as < groan?;' nndshrill whistles, and rattlin of chains,, and heavy falling bodi< . like-^-"'" " Rats 1" I said abruptly. . "No; itfe true-there are ghost I'm sure títere are." "And >yoii are not afraid to Iii there in that house.?' " Why should I be?' she waved hi hand^ghtiy. "I pity the poor dea Theyl^ÍLnbt.hurtme. It is for the own sins rand sorrows and troubles thc mourn." And this being an entirely new vie to me, I; having previously regard« ghosts rather in the light of nuisano than-'as objects of pity, I remain« . silent.,, ... " Think, Mr. Barclay, how terrib it must-be-to have committed son .. crimey tttbe'baunted" by the. recolle táonof some dreadful wickedness ? ,r.1 ?? wander and to moan, and to repent, and never to find rest- or peace, or be { able to repair the "wrong yon have done ! This," she added, Towering her voice, ^ is my idea of pm^toryv? " Terrible, indeed," I said, humor- ing her fancies, just for the pleasure of watching the blue eyes dilate and con-1 tract under the: darkt lashes; now turn: | almost black in their intensity, now lighten, »nd clear like the sky after a | thunder shower, j -/ I And what have these ghosts done ? Do you know their histories f She shook her head. "There were family pictures, and each had its story ; but they are gone -sold-and I forget them." "Sold by whom?" "My father sold them," she said simply. "You know how poor we are. He got a little money for them.". Self-made man as I was, I could realise the pang to that shy, proud old man when he-took the portraits of his ancestors and laid them 7 down a sacrifice at the' foot of the stolid auctioneer's' hammer. ..They " were, a part of himself-the pride of his race before that race had dwindled down* into the residuum of one old drunkard and his pretty daughter. From these ancestors, too, Kathleen perhaps had caught an air of distinction, a slightly contemptuous downward turn of the mouth, the soft voice, the quiet dignity. "Were you sorry 1 " I said. "Wellj they were a little company," she explained, with a shy laugh. "I used to look at them and speak to them, bat I was very small then. I went to stop with an aunt in Dublin for a while, and when I came back { they were gone. I don't mind' ?much." - j "Had they done very dreadful j things?. They, must have, you know, to moan and make such terrible noises! What did the wings mean, I wonder ? Do you think they tried to fly away from their natural punishment, and were compelled to remain for ever after, dragging one wounded featherless pinion behind them." " Now you are laughing at me." "No, indeed. But, tell me,haven't you areal good murder among your family secrets f Ireland is famous for murders, you know. I should like to hear a thrilling-story that would make me creep-something in the style of | the Coola murder, now, for instance." There waa.no answer. " I am really interested, Miss Dono- van," I said, " Though I do not be- lieve ia ghosts, I do believe in crime and the ' passions of real men and I women. There came no sound, and I looked again at Kathleen for har answer. " I am quite serious-I-" Suddenly I checked myself. Kath- leen's face had grown ashy-white ; her1 large eyes, dilated to their full extent, stared away into a vague distance ; her j hands had dropped limply by her side. She seemed as if she could scarcely stand, and yet was fascinated by some- thing terrible from that spiritual world at which I had just been mock- ing. " Miss Donovan," I said, honestly frightened at her appearance, " for God's sake tell me, what is it?' "Nothing," she said faintly, passing her hand across her eyes.; "nothing Did I say anything 1" " No ; but you 'looked sp strange. Fray sit down here on this stone and tell me what you felt. X am sure you are quite faint still. Shall I fetch you some water?' "No," she said, detaining me by the hand I had stretched out to help her " no, don't leave mo ; it is nothing. I .don't know-rm not very well, I think." ' lam sure yon cannot be. You ought to see a doctor. Such strange attacks of faintness are not right, surely. Are you subject to them ?" "Nb," she said; "I am always well." Then I remembered. It was cruel of meto press her further. She had been up nearly all night; she had undergone unusual emotion; she had been afraid for the sake of that peor j miserable lover of hers. I dropped the | hand I still held, and moved away. IC Mr. Barclay," she said, as if she I had read my thoughts, "don't think' badly of me; but-" She stopped, and added with feverish excitement, "No-no. I am a poor miserable [ creature. Leave me-it is far better so. Leave me to my fate, and forget you every knew me." "Forget you, Kathleen!" I said, stooping to look- down at her as she sat humbly on a low stone, so low that j she almost touched my feet; "that is not likely. ; And why should you speak of yourself as a poor .miserable creature ? Surely you have never done anything wrong-anything to be j ashamed of V "No," she said proudly, lifting her] head, " I never have." lf But, you know, Kathleen," I said, seating myself* beside her, " we must j avoid the appearance of guilt as well as ! its reality ; perhaps you are not always as careful as you should, be." " No," she said wearily, " perhaps ] Tm not." I This confession a little surprised me. j Possibly her moral nature was so j warped that the poor girl did not even | know right from wrong. "Well," I resumed in the paternal I tone I thought it right to adopt (she was in for her lecture after all) ; " well, youknow I am a good deal older than you are, and I have seen the world ; and, Kathleen-you don't mind my ! calling you so ?' She nodded absently -"I am sure that a woman's conduct I must be above suspicion if she wishes to keep the respect and regard of those who are most worthy. A woman should be perfectly truthful, entirely I innocent--" " And you mean I am not ?" she | flashed upon me so. suddenly that lost the thread of my remarks and hesitated. "Men must trust, Mr. Barclay- trust a woman's honor, and j sense, and good feeling. I don't know what you are alluding to ; but I see that I have offendea voa. somehow. I am sorry, for I liked, on. Mr. Barclay; J I liked you very much. I have so few friends, and I thought perhaps you might have been my friend." She stooped, and I saw a clear j cysts! tear glitter and roll down the fingers with which she^strbve to con- ceal her eyes. " Kathleen I" The impulse was too I strong to be resisted. " Kathleen !" I said again, coming closer to her, so close that our faces almost touched "Kathleen, I do trust you. Tell me your trouble, and let me share it." I could feel her quiver all over as these words escaped me, and with my large palm I sought to recover her resisting fingers. .Then-'there was a. moment's silence. She had' succeeded in withdrawing herself, and her tone 1 when she spoke again was icy cold and distant. "Mr. Barclay, I have no trouble. This is the second time you have tried to worm out my secrets. It is unkind -it is ungentlemanlike ! " She rose, and I rose too. A moment ago we were almost lovers; now we had become comparative strangers. We stood opposite one another-sore and wounded, she half-angry, half relenting, the teardrops clinging to her long lashes. " I take the hint as it is intended, Miss Donovan. I stayed this morning because you wished it. I gp now because I see you mean it. I am sorry if I have hurt you. I am more sorry to think you have misjudged me. Good-bye, and may you be as happy as you deserve ! " Then I turned and strode quietly out of the ruins and'down the slope, leaving Kathleen behind me, lonely, like some little child in disgrace, (To be continued.) 