The Industrial War. Moke seems to be thought of the chance for a compromise ia the seamen's strike than most people, when reading the news of yesterday, ventured to hope. A decided open ing h.a6 been giyen by the apparent willing ness of the three coastal companies — the Newcastle and Hunter River Company^ the North Coast Company and the Illawarra Company — to pay a higher rate than that fixed by the Steamship Owners' Association as a whole. Surely this virtual admission by some members of the owners' party tha* the first proposed reduction is too sweeping' might be used as a basis for compromise. One would think that masters as well as men would be glad of some opportunity for ending tha present very unhappy situation. The masters have demonstrated their power to get their steamers away without the union, and so can afford to be generous, and, despite all that has happened, can hardly but feel regret at parting with those of their employes who have served them well for years. In the instance of the Namoi, wkose ciew left her with some hesitation yesterday, some of the men had been on board for nine years, and a captain must certainly have more confidence in such. old hands accustomed to the service than in a. scratch pack hastily got together. Any prominent shipowner who would now come forward and advise the Owners* AiEBOcia tion in favor of a conference would be doing a service, not only to the public, but to Ms own trade. It is a pity that Mr. John See has selected just the present moment to go to Graf ten. The men felt in the early stages of the dispute that it was unfortunate for tkem that a shipowner j should be at the head of the Treasury. But now that a moderating influence is wanted to be brought to bear on the { owners, the presence of a shipowner whose ! prejudices were modified by his holding responsible official position mi^ht be ser viceable. The attitude of the three com panies already referred to is the recog nition of a fact that cannot too constantly be borne in mind — viz., that the coastal and intercolonial service ie a special one requiring a superior cia&s; of men. It would nsver do to have the hands of a boat which { made only short trips between frequent stopping places indulging in the freaks as to absence from duty, running away, and occasional drunkenness that sometimes mark the conduct of such of deep -water sailors' as are shipped at a wage so low that when they get to a port they do not care whether they miss their ships or not. Such vagaries would cost more in delay and disorganisation than -would decent par. To secure a superior class of men there must be a decent pay. The man living from hand to mouth ib naturally prone to : be reckless. There is another matter that j should dispose to compromise. That is the position of the men who have been imprisoned for refusing duty. It is said that these men wish to be rein stated, and this is described as ' a novel claim by the strikers.' The men wish, it seems, reinstatement under that pro vision of the law that enables a ship captain to release any men whom he ha* had locked up for certain breaches of discipline. There is certainly aotbing novel about this practice. Tha articles of the Imprisoned men have been most emphatically recog. nised as valid through the signers having be«n incarcerated on the strength of those articles, and it will be fresh in every one's memory that when, in th« notorious case of the Port Glasgow, a skipper first sent his recalcitrant crew to prison and then had them released, for ids own convenience, it was asserted on the proBeeutor'B behalf that, far from there being anything unusual about this proceeding, it was the most natural and proper thing in the world. If imprisonment for refusing duty does not cancel articles when s, captain wants articles to stand, it cannot equably cancel them when sailors want them to stand and a captain's interest lies the other way. The owners, according to this view, still clearly have their imprisoned men on their hands and might well patch up some arrange ment -which -would permit them to work usefully on board instead of wasting their time in gaol. The Sydney owners have an inducement to do this in so far that they have been, in a measure, dragged into their present extreme position by their Melbourne associates. The Metropolitan Transit Commission has recently oeen the subject of much criticism and complaint on the part of licensees. The facts which have thus been brought to light have served to emphasise the truth of the old saying as to their being two sides to ssvery quarrel. With regard to some of the charges preferred against them, the Commissioners have been able to give tolerably satisfactory answers. In the first place they have shown that certain statements as to the amount they had invested at fixed deposit were very much exaggerated. They were said to have £12,000. In reality the balance at fixed deposit to the credit of the .Commission stood in Dscember last at £3000. . This, it appears, represents the accuaiulation of 20 years. The interest derived from] it, as. is pointed out, goes to benefit the licensees. Indeed, according to the repre sentations of the Commission, the design of benefiting the licensees has not only been steadily held in view, but very suc cessfully accomplished. It is claimed, as one prominent result, that the licence fees for 'buses, cabs, and vans, have been re duced. 'Buses have been brought down from £6 to £5, cabs from £2 to 30s, vane from £2 to 30s, the latter ultimately to £1. Altogether on the side of the Commission facts and figures have been made to serve their purpose &? well as very naturally to euereeBt to the otner side the proverbial remark that they can be made to prove anything. Touching the question as to the pro priety of spending the surplus sum in their . hands, the Commissioners have not made out quite fo clear a case. The* express their perfect willing ness to spend the greater portion of it if it can be shown that they could do so in any fair way. The idea of erecting shelter sheds is pronounced impossible. It is said that such sheds, to be of any real assist ance, would have to -cover horse and cab as well as driver. The enor mous cost which ? this would entail must therefore preclude the scheme from being seriously entertained. The erection of small shelter si eds for the cabmen alone would, it is hinted, be merely a temptation to tbe cabmen to leave their cabs, and it is also feared that it would encourage loafers. Tnese ar_'um»nts, how ever, if they prove an » thing at all, prove a great deal too much. She' ters for cabmsn alone have been in existence now for many years in London, and have certainly not been failures. A system which has been found to answer even in. the crowded thoroughfares of that enormous city, might, one would think, be safely introduced in Sydney and its suburbs. The British Ambassador to Paris, the Marquis of DuSrerin, has left that city. This ia -understood to be by way of pro- | test against the attacks of the French, press on the British Embassy. There might ba naturally some suspicion that Lord DufEerin had acted too hastily, if his character for clear-headedness and perfect temper -was not bo well known. Tnere is probably not a man in the empire who combines with brilliant intellectual gifts and statesman-like capacity more of the faculty of plain common sense. He is about the very last man who could be imagined as assigning . undue importance to trivial tcings. But as even people at this distance from the scene kave been made aware, the tone of the French press — at least of a section of it — has of late been outrageously insulting with regard to the British Embassy. It was only the other day that a Paris paper accused the Embassy of hav ing French statesmen in its pay — M. Clemenceau and others. Startling particulars were given as to how these alleged recreant Gauls had sacrificed their country's interests to British gold. Af ter all, this piece of news did not in the matter of sensationalism come within ' cooee ' of that circulated in 1886, or thereabouts, by that immaculate patriot, Roehef ord. He invented a story to the effect . that a French journalist had beea murdered by order of a British colonel in Egypt. Macaulay in that famoui essay in which, so to speak, he gibbeted the arch liar and scoundrel Barrere — intimated his be lief that so wholesale and wicked a pervertor of the truth was a,n unique product of his ago, and probably without a match in any age. Outrageous charges against the English were among the wretch's stock in trade. In that respect, at all events, Barrere has apparently found no unworthy successors at the pre sent day. M. Loze, Prefect of Police in Paris, haB been removed from his position owing to inefficient administration during the late riots. An additional bit of news respecting him says that he ?will receive a diplomatic appointment. To trot out that sadly ill-used remark of Voltaire about the English killing one admiral in order to encourage the others is at this time of day a thing which nobody should do under ordinary tempta tion. Yet who can fail to think of it in view of sucii an announcement as that in relation to the ex-Prefect of Police. B\it at- all events it does not need th« ghost of Voltaire to come from the grave to t*»U that the old English method of 'en- couraging the oti- ers' was decidedly preferable to the modern French one. It may be doing M. Loze a great injustice, but outsiders who have heard of the recent disturbances will, in re spect of that functionary, be apt to feel somewhat as Sir Lucius O' Trigger did with regard to Bob Acres — ''Pon my word, Mr. Acres, I begin to think you're a coward.' - At any rate, efficiency -which apparently showed itself in a glaring way in connection with, a dangerous riot will not unreasonably be thought to be somehow near akin to cowardice, either moral or physical. With respect to the British way of looking at failures to grapple with situations call ing for the display of resource and courage, a singular illustration occurs in the family history of Sir Walter Scott. He had a younger brother, Daniel, for whom, early in the century, he procured an official situ ation ia the West Indies. A riot broke out among the negroes, in the attempted suppression of which Daniel Scott showed the white feather. His elder brother from that hour disowned him, and never after was heard to utter hia name. In Six Walter's many references to his family there is not tne slightest allusion to this recreant mem ber ' of it. It was only a few years ago, by the way, that a paragraph -went the round of the world recording the death in impoverished circumstances, in Canada, of the oniy son of the unfortunate Daniel Scott. 