A POLITICAL AUCTION. [BT LOUNGEB.] _ No one need go Bhort of amusement who has time to attend an auction sale. It is an event worthy of the frequent attention of a philosopher. As a study in human nature I can recommend it to parsons as not being surpassed by the stage or the race meeting. It represents the strongest and dearest passion in life, the love of making a bargain. Rightly directed there is • sufficient flow of magnetitm in a well-attended auctionroom to chase away half the ills to whioh flesh is heir. Never does the war if age to hotly between desire and capacity as when covetous man and keen-eyed wqfpas compete for great possessions witbsmall means. Dsepermysteries than 8teens areata surround the rostrum. How it is that tha bids ot the uninitiated member of the public are warmly attacked, so that when an artiole 1B knocked down to him the charm of extreme cheapness has been distilled, is as much past finding out as where the seedy- looking individuals diooover the money to pay for many lines they secure, or as how it comes about that goods sold are left to be offered again and again. I have just been attending a political auotion, whete a job lot of billets were put up for sale. There is no reason why the Queen's uniforms should not be disposed of under the hammer when the Queen's justice has been thus treated. A lawsuit has been offered to the highest bidder under an order of the Supreme Court and bought. Can the judicial mind sanction the one and reprobate the other? I was attracted to the sale by the subjoined advertisement:— TO-MORROW, (THUBSDAT), J ONE S, AT NOOK, at HIS WELL-KNOWN CLUBROOM. UKSEB IKBTBUOTIONS JTEOM THE REPBBSENTA- TTVSS OF THE Pfcorus AND OH ACCOUNT OF THE LIBERAL PABTY— MINISTERIAL APPOINTMENTS, AT PRESENT IN THE POSSESSION OP A STOP- GAP GOVEBNMKNT. PRBMIEBBHIP.—The distinction of the hardestworked, moat-worried, and beat-abused man in South Australia. TBEASUBER.—The privilege of MTW^ Qp a deficit of £100,000 without extra taxation •r retrenchment. CHIEF SEOBKTABY—The ornamental Chief Constable in charge of a terror-stricken Civil Service, big in the head and attenuated in the body. COHHISSIONEB OF POBLIO Wo&KB; — The pleasure of finding work for everybody, money no object, and of being henpecked by the said everybody. ATTORNEY-GENEAAL—The Minister oj Justice to cut down "the big wigs," being first blindfolded by the prejudices of his profession, so as to avoid hurting it. MINISTER OF EDUCATION—Te control the Knight of the Postage Stamp and teaoh the Prinoipal Pedagogue "how many beans make five." DEMOS has been favoured with the opportunity of selling the above to the HIGHEST BIDDER, subject to a moderate reserve. The aoene of the sale waa a large and pleasant olubroom upstairs at the delborne. It was carpeted, piotured, and furnished to give muoh comfort, and was known as tha Caucus Chamber. Here it was intended to daily discuss and determine the destinies of the colony. It was understood that there would be five competitors for the lines which were to be put up in one lot, but the five were divided into two classes. The first was represented by the gentlemen who were tenant* - at - will of the appointments, and the second by four other parties of gentlemen who intensely desired to dispossess them. It was also reported that those four parties had agreed at all cost to prevent the present holders of office from continuing to be such, it being stated that three of those parties were willing to help in the division-list, though not necessarily to any further extent if the fourth's bid aeoured the appointments. Demos was represented in the rostrum by a quiet, shrewd littloSootehman, who remarked that the attractions of office were too well appreciated by the legislators before him to require any words of his to ootnmend them. His business was to reoeive bids. They must be distinct and definite; no word jugglery or piecrust promises would be aooepted. How muoh for the appointments ? The Knight of the Sueful Countenance looked upon the face of the Visionary, who was gazing upon the sardonio smile of The Giant and .the sphinx countenance of The Pleader, but none spoke. " Well, gentlemen," said the auctioneer, I must start the bidding myself. Who will give ' work for the unemployed' for a handle to his "name?" I will" oame as the voice of one who had been crying in the wilderness for a long time without getting a Premier to back him before. The Knight endorsed the bid as from a oapable member of his party. "So far good. But who will give us a free breakfast table?" asked tho Auctioneer. "finances permitting, I will," came from several quarters. The bidding then assumed an appearance of briskness. "I'll give a utilization tax," shouted the Pleader for himself and the Leader of the Opposition, who was still suffering from the effeofcs of his accident. Mine is the flag I nailed to the maat three years ago," spiritedly broke in the Physician, adding, "Mine is the genuine original flag; the utilization tax is a spurious imitation." I am prepared to offer Compulsory Conciliation, a good paper measure." The voice was husky and the tomvuncertain. ' My highe»i bi$ is a labour of love—to take off 1 my coat, and carry bricks for the Labour party." It was the oharming persuasiveness of the Popular IdoL " Pll divide the spoil with Demos," was a ventriloquial effort, for the owner oould sot be found. Demos," interrupted the Knight, with determination in his eye and petspiration on bis brow, "If I had my way I would not bid, but stimulated by my friends I have recognised the exigencies of the hour. I am ready to make my beat bid an exhibition of patriotism. ('Oh,' and ironical laughter.) To secure rest and quiet — [Ben's Ghost—Peace, progress, and plenty] — I will give you all that public opinion will accord you as fair and reasonable. In addition, I may be possibly induced to double the land tax, with exceptions, farther increase the income tax, and retrench the salaries of big men in the Civil Service." The Auctioneer—And take off the duties on the necessaries of life ? The Knight—Yes, after we have made ends meet, and have a surplus. ("Thank you for nothing.") The daring announcement took awav the breath of all present for a few seconds;"then the four other competitors ejaculated " Magnificent—for a suicide." Demos announced that the Knight had made a splendid bid, the best of all. It was courageous to desperation, disinterested, and made the position to the other side as difficult as when the Government Whip refused office. He was not sure it had not reached the reserve, but the caucus would consider the matter. 