TIPPO-STBÀTO : POOH-BAH-TON DYBZ : PARX: RHEYD : BYON-ZEE ' KHO-PLAND SLA-TAR-RHI - OH-KON-HOR J SEE-AY-LEE : A geological genius able to determine the strata from the cronker. A bit out of "The Mikado," afflicted with, a conscience. A power in the land-of dreams-and a Caesar without a policy. An old man with a whole- some objection to the See, and one who has his own ideas of every- thing. A little Caesar on his own account, whose ideas are anti-Dybzical. Courtiers attached to the Dybz dynasty. The dullest fellow of the lot. SCENE : The Stalactite Den, private residence of Tippo-Strato, a wizard. Stalactites of all shapes, sizes, and colors. Huge tele- phone in one corner. Orchestra endeavors to indicate that the price of bread has risen and that a Ministerial crisis is im . minent.- Enter Tippo suddenly from a trap-door. Tip : Ha ha ! ho ho ! In pantomimic cells An unexpected entrance always tells. Drop from the clouds, or shoot up from the floor, But never enter by a common dcor. I am a champion seer ! I tipped Tarcoola, With Carnage second, followed home by " Joola." I know where lurk the Dora Dora blacks And why the Council chucked the Income Tax. One thingj don't know at the present ??: time : : And that's the subject of this pantomime. (Open s a stalactite and takes out a magic volume.) There's " Jack tho Giant Killer "-that's no go, It's chosen for George Rignold's Xmas \- show. If we forestalled him I've a strong con- viction This office wouldn't meet his Ben(n)e(tt) diction. (Telephone bell rings. Calling down telephone :) Yes, take the elevator. (Enter Pooh Bah-Ton by telephone with hiB con- science in his breast.) Ha ! I bet you It was in the " Mikado " I met you. Aren't you Pooh-Bah, who, by a coalition, Though Premier, yet led the Opposition? POOH. (loftily): If I were such as he of whom you tell I wouldn't set my Proudfoot in this cell. But though I condescend to -be your . visitor, You can't consult me, save through your solicitor. C--'s a good man-so civil and so pleasant. TIP. : I fear I'm out of lawyers just at present. Take double fees. (Aside : I nope to find him squeezeable.) POOH. : What ! double fees ? Good man ! Your plan is feasible. TIP. : If I pay gold shall I be an offender ? POOH. : Oh, no ! Hard cash is always legal tender. TIP. : Indeed ? There is a rumor in the town That you, Pooh-Bah-Ton, wished " Hard Cash " put down. (Breaks off a nugget and heaves it at Pooh.) Take a lump sum ! POOH. . (stroking his conscience) : Lump sum ? Ah, this is grand ! Have .you been mining on some private land ? TIP. : Give me your answer. POOH. : First "give me your question. TIP. : Pantomime subject wanted. What sug- gestion ? POOH. : My conscience says-Try Dybz and Dybz alone. TIP. (imperatively) : Send Dybz, I tell 'ee, and by íe¿ephone. (Enter Dybz, telepbonioally.) We would seek counsel on affairs colonial. DIB. (disappointed) : I thought it meant another testimonial. (Abruptly) : Question-no notice-this can't be defended; POOH : I move the standing orders be suspended. DYB.: Speak then-and in one act. TIP. : What would you deem For this, our pantomime, a fitting theme ? DYB.: Try "Beauty and the Beast." I quite expect That Williamson and Musgrove won't object. T will play Beauty, Parx may play the Beast (A large stalactite suddenly drops and takes the form of Parx.) PARX : You've played that character ten years at least. DYB. : My shirt is out ! I feel my choler rise. POOH : Just bring an action, that's what I'd advise, I'd plead for both and-please you both. TIP. : Not yet. They first must sing their topical duet. DYB. - (sings) : I am a Premier wise and good, PARX : I beg to differ. DYB. : I wouldn't cheat you if I could, PARX : I beg to differ. DYB. : And while I'm boss in New South Wales Our legislation never fails, j , I am not telling fairy tales. PARX : I beg to differ. DYB. : } "We both are Knights-C.M.G.Ks. PARX : J We both are likewise M.L.As. And yet we travel separate ways, We beg to differ. PARX : As Premier I was always right. DYB.: I beg to differ. V PARX : My bia jk was whiter than your white. DYB.: I beg to differ. \- PARX : For office I don't greatly care, But if I'm wanted I'll be there, I'm one the country cannot spare. DYB. : I beg to differ. DYB. : Touching Protection and Freetrade, PARX : ) Change in our views we both have made, Yet being two. men of one trade, We beg to differ. DYB. : I saved the banks, as all must own. ' PARX : I beg to differ. DYB. : I have good skill to float a loan. PARX : I beg to differ. DYB. : As to the Federation cry, There's not a single man but I - That knows the wherefore and the'why. PARX : I beg to differ. DYB. : ^ We both are right and never wrong, PARX : ) We've both been flawless all along, And yet there's discord in our song We beg to differ. PARX : If I had been in power last May- ; DYB. : I beg to differ. PARX : There would be no distress to-day. . DYB. : I beg to differ. PARX : There would be love, and joy, and peace, Australian cricketers would cease From emulating angry geese. DYB. : I beg to differ. DYB. : We've both been knighted, don't forget. PABX : ) We're not u-nited, though, you bet. In politics wéfre " strangers yet." We beg to differ. , (Parx changes, back to a stalactite. , Trumpet without.). TIP. : Rheyd's. trumpet,, that. I recognise the tone. DYB. : No doubt, because he always blows his own. POOH : What is he doing here ? DYB. : I've not a notion, Unless he comes to move a censure motion. (A rather solid stalagmite opens and discloses the form of Rheyd.) TIP. : Well, Rheyd (I know you), what would bethebest Subject for this pantomimic jest ? y te Hî^r " . DYB. : Stop, stop ! you're treating with our foes . (to Rheyd) Go home ! " I tell you. two kings cannot reign in Rome. RHEYD : Great Julius Caesar's ghost! It seems . tb me, sir, We're far from Rome, and you are far from Cosàr. TIP. : There's room enough for both, you can't deny ; This . place, though narrow, isn't . Narra-bri. RHEYD : Try ." Puss in Boots." How does that meet your views ? DYB.: I play the Puss-you're waiting for my shoes. RHEYD : You play the Puss ; but you deserve the "cat." DYB. : Have at thee, then, false-hearted demo- crat ! (Vainly trying to draw sword.) TIP. : TO fight within these walls I must object, It's not the House of Commons, recollect. RHEYD : Well, then, the " Forty Thieves." POOH : 'Twould suit your crowd, "¥ ou're fond of " jars." TIP. : This must not be allowed ! RHEYD: "Robinson Crusoe." DYB. : That suggests Black Friday. RHEYD (aside) : Each dog must have his day ; the next is my day. TIP. : I've a suggestion to impart to you Cut fairy tales, and strike out something now., . The "Magic Cauldron "-that is my selection The ".Cauldron or the General Elec- tion." (Dyb. and Pooh groan.) DYB. (aside) : I am afraid he won't come back, poor chap. POOH (aside) : His chance at Tamworth isn't worth a rap. (Tippo unships the telephone receiver and sets it down on a tripod.) TIP. : Now we must have dry fuel. POOH : Here you are ! A file of leaders from the Australian *. (Tippo kindles flame under cauldron.) TIP. (chanting) : Come, ye sprites, above, below, Come to this our magic show, Bound about the cauldron go! DYB.: IS this Macbeth or Herz come back again ? POOH : My conscience says I'd better not explain. (Stage darkens. Enter from various unlikely quarters a chorus of democratic sprites.. They move round the cauldron, chanting softly.) CHORUS. Air-" Vicar of Bray." 'Twas in the winter,'91, When payment came in fashion, To help in legisla-ti-on ? We felt an ardent passion. Six pounds a week we found would suit Full weil oiir constitution, We swore deep vengeance on the "plute," And threatened revolution. And this is law, we will maintain, Until our dying day, sirs Whatever government may reign, Still we'll be Ms.L.A., sirs. 'Twas when Sir Henry bossed the show, We made our proud profession, That our allegiance we'd bestow In payment for concession. We clave to Parx with one accori, His star being in th' ascendant, Until we threw him overboard We were so independent ! And this is law, &c.; "When Dybz (plain Mr.) came along And introduced Protection, We. felt convinced it would be wrong To offer an objection. We kept our promise, every one, To sink the fiscal question. Some people say this can't be done, But that's a fool's suggestion. And this is law, &c.; Now when George Houston Reid brought on His monthly vote of censure, We wouldn't stake too much upon This most uncertain venture. The case was hard, but please to note How well we solved the riddle, We always gave a solid vote Divided down the middle. And this is law, «fcc. " TIP. : Come, ye sprites, come high, come low, Single Tax, Freetrade, and Pro TectioniBt, come see the show, Round about the cauldron go ! (Enter Dyon-Zee with a surplus marked 1894, Kho-Pland with a village settlement under one arm and a private mine under the other, Sla Tar-Rhi with a small treatise on " Subterranean Engineering," Oh- Kon-Hor with a small testi- monial from Pooh-Bah-Ton, and others.) MINISTERIAL CHORUS; Air-" Daisy Bell." Tippo Strato, what will the issue be ? We're not crazy with love for the L.S.D. We don't want a big majority, Nor absolute authority, But still we're sweet on the seat That is built for a Ministree. TIP. : Cauldron bubble ! Smoke arise To the summit of the flies ! Show the future to their eyes. . (Smoke rises with the word " Crisis " in blood-red letters in the midst. The Parx stalactite materialises once more.) PARX : On politics I am not very keen, , But still I must bo on in such a scene. OH. : It's lucky we threw up the Proudfoot brief. POOH : In my clear conscience I have firm belief. (The ghost of See-Ay-Lee rises, waving a motion of adjournment.) . GHOST : Oh-Kon-Hor and Pooh-Bah-Ton, I im- peach you ; Look out for squalls and tempests, I beseech you. (Vanishes.) DTB. : He is the dullest member of the House. The Hon need not tremble at the mouse. POOH : My conscience is to me my only law, For Queen and Parliament I feel no awo. My conscience Bays Fm right, and so,' you see, ' . I must be right-Q.E.D., (Ghost reappears with banner inscribed : "Minis- terial minority 21." Cheers and counter-cheers.) TIP. : How now, great Dybz ? Can you with- stand this shock? EHEYD: They'll cling to place like limpets to a rock. DYB. : I always like a crisis-so exciting. Come, Sla-Tar-Ehi, your counsel we're inviting. ' (Cabinet council.) TIP. : (to Eheyd) : It's hard to prophesy which side will win. We should go out, and yet you can't " come in. Without electors there are grave objec- tions Against attempting general elections. DYB. : Oh-Kon-Hor and Pooh-Bah-Ton have re- signed, But no one else ; nor is it in my mind. By truly patriotic motives led, I do hereby prorogue the House instead. KHO. : Euchred ! EHEYD : You cur ! Just now you have your way. No matter, though. A time will come one day. KHO. : You played Eight Bower, we trumped it with the Joker. EHEÎD: Joker indeed! You crabbed, cross grained croaker ! TIP;: Now, legislative sprites, I trust ye mean To view our striking transformation . . scene, For which great preparations have been made ; It represents the triumph of Freetrade. (Sings).: Air-"This Helmet, I suppose" (" Princess Ida.") The Government, you know Have fallen very low ; They've done a lot Which they should not, So out the Dybzians go! OPPOSITION CHORUS . Yes! Yes! Yes! So out the Dybzians go ! (Scene changes to the Dazzling Halls of Plenty and Prosperity, with Dybz in a back seat. Curtain.) " -fa- ¡¿!c¡ f Fleshy cifvd frostily " 