LB LITTERATEUR. ' (From tho Wee/.-.) PROLOGUE. I have bad placed- nfc ray disposil a paper of aonie value, iu itself, mid for tie subjects of whieli it treats. It arose outof a coitroversy con cerning present day teachiiigiiitbpHobrew com munity of Brisbane ; but it is nril necessary to go into tliat in order to undorstaM this paper. fin . ik .i. i. ..e n flij nu il rnnlv ABO lirsu puru UI lb IB- to queries touehing tlio fall, - or supposed FALL, OF ISRAEb from their ancient high prince in the favour of Jobovab. The writer says, on til's purt of his gonorul thoino, "Now, to unsver you.cnto- gorioally, why was Isriiol olastoned tor nearly 2,000 years ? Simply booauBC thoy for- Book, antl aiuned aguiust their God, wore idolatrous, unvightooue, and- addicted to im morality. Tlio dispersion was u work of Providence, and was to prove a blessing. The contiuiumce of tlio Judean raco wus thus assured. The inoflleney of th? offerings of sheep and bulls was distinctly pointed out by Samuel in tlioso memorable woros, nonoiu 10 oboy, is better than sacrifice ; and to henrken, than tbo fat of rums.' Besides which the wholo diotum of tbo law of sacrifice is most positive in Btating that repentance iB tbo pri mary element preceding forgiveness. Now, is it reasonable to suppose or feasible to believe that tbo Wood of a human being would bo iiecoptablo ? ' For Jcbus wns assuredly a pious Jo w, whatever else lie may have been.' Were' bo n god, was it not tlio "Tossest paganism and lowest fetishism . Personally, I should give a different account of the sumo events. Tlio Hebrew people wore adopted to work oat certain great problems. They did work them out ; but instead of being, when tboy bad done so, ready for further ad vanced work, they accepted the means for the end, and because thereby unwilling and un equal to do that further and higher work. Ave aronoxt treated to an essay liko sketch 011 TYPOLOGY. This is not a vory express! vo word ; it is too comprehensive to lie expressive. A 8 used here it is intended to be appliod to Jesus Christ. The author says : "You say ho was a Type (now typology is of vory recent a dnte, anil was quite unknown to the ancient Hebrews or to the lutcr Israelites), slain in tlio vory building up of flic world, Sc. You soroly do not mean in the geological struc ture of the earth, and I fail to see how I nm to apply this ideality either biologically or othno- logically. Nor can I find, or yon prove, that either Moses, David, or Ifijiiah 'over declared Him.' If yon are thinking' of the 53rd chapter of Isaiah, surely you are leaning upon u broken reed ; if on the lltli, hns the prophecy been fulfilled? mid if on the !>th, where and when bus been tlio peace since His ndvent ? Have you read history from tho first to the nineteenth century, and in which era has peaco flourished ? or rathor, in which oen- tury has there not been rivers of blood shed, atrocities perpetrated, women and children musBiiered, inlmmnnity and vice rampant? Millions of broken hearts and tragio fates have not yet atoned for His death nor satisfiod His worshippors. If you refor me to the 7 th obaptor the morost tyro in Hebrew will toll you .tliat tlio word 'virgin' hus boon substituted in tlio English version to moot the views of the Christo- philists, as also the various headings found in the chapters of the Old Testament." After this the subject of the oneness of God is spoken of, but only in a desultory way, in a way which shows, I think, that the writer has not far himsolf very thoroughly grappled with tho history of this subject as it is sot out in the Old Testament. It is more to tho purpose to roud the author's outline of TUP, IWflXRNATIOH. as understood from tlio Bide of Hebrew theo- logians. He says, " You toll me Ho orcates a body for Himself in the womb of a virgin. I am askod to beliove that tho great Jehovah, the Jnfinito who called tho world into existence, should after tho lapse of millions of ages en- womb Himself, and have coition with a woman ! and that woman betrothed, if not actually married— because in those days there was no ceremony of marriago as obtains to-day, and a betrothed was tantamount, nay, was itself tire marriage according to Jewish custom. The. eminent Christian writer of the 'Broad Church' says in this behalf, 'Do you believe that tho great God Almighty, Creator of tbo ends of the earth, the High and Holy Ono that inbabiteth eternity, camo dawn and was born of a woman 2,000 years ago, that he walked about Galilee, that no notice' was taken of him for 30 years, that ho thon got into difficulties with tho local police at Jerusalom ; that tho Roman soldiers caught none other than tho great God Al mighty himself, beat him cruelly with rods, pat upon him, and at hist uruoified him on Calvary. Do you believe this?" Another writer soys : "Tho concept of God in the artioles of religion is a being — body without parts and without passion." The author appears not to notice that his argu ments, if they are arguments, go to tho extent ' of overturning tho ontiro fabric of tho super natural; and that, ho as a Hebrow, could never ( intend. He mast oither deny the supernatural or admit that theso arguments are not sufficient ! to overturn tho dootrines relating to Christology ! on its supernatural aide. He then approaches the subjcot of THE. TRINITY. He says The doctrine of the Trinity was not propounded until muny centuries after the death of Jesus ; the early new phurah was a duality. -The Croutor of tho World, and tho Logos, afterwards crystallised into tho dogma of tho Holy Ghost, and tlio fathers of the ehurah were obliged to tako rofugo in all sorts of ullegorieal interpretations to bring about the ohange. Jesus made no claim either in thought or in word - to other than human nature and power, and therefore was not in. my, opinion either a blasphemer or a hjpoe'rito. He is ponrtrayed by Fourgee, the eminent American judge, ju. this wiso: 'Fnnoya sweaty Jovrish earpontor in a dirty Jewish gabcrdino with'dirty nails andenvoloped in chips, and who nip to-the ageof 30was working atWsfather'sbpnoh'.? This portraiture is hardly in unison with youir im passioned vision of a Paschal lamb, and as I and other Jewish pooplo, as well us thousands of truth-loving Christians cannot accopt tho dogma; of the divinity of Josus, his status is. no higher'' in our .opinion than an ordinary but enthusiastio reformer. Iluxloy forcibly says : 'Tell ino first what Josus can bo provfcd to have been, said, and dono, and I will toll you whether. I . bbliovo .liiin, or in him, or riot.' Anothor writer has Baid : 'It is' the glory of Judaism to have givon tho moral law a first place, and it is tho Jew who will win the day; to hini bolonga tho future.' " These remarks, trenoliunt as thoy (ire, disclose the error which is so prominent in ull Ohristiun theology ; that is tlm error of always insisting upon defining and knowing God as a personality, instead of toying to realiso him as ho hns repre sented himsolf ; that 'Is! ns a pvesenco rathor than as a personality to bo conceived and re presented. And further, . if theso arguments disprove the Trinity, as rightly understood, they must ; also disprovo .the personality of Jehovah, for which tho author would stoutly contend. '- Tho deeper our study- of those pro foundly philosophic themes, the ' olciucr it \- will appear .'to the- devout studout that ha ought, to study - tho curliest, of writings hero- . 1 upon; and. not either Hobrew rabbi, or Christian. father ; ut loust, he should not study . them us authorities. 