Wbt Caprtcattttau. SATURDAY. OCTOBER 7, 1893. THE SEPARATION SITUATION. Since tbe last discussion in the Legis lative Assembly, and the oracular declaration following — that the ghost of Separation had been laid for many years to come — little has been heard, or done, in connection with tbe movement which bulbed so large at the time of the general election. Oar legislative repre sentatives are silent regarding it, and onr Separation League is apparently watching the coarse of events. Whether commnnications have passed between them and the London Committee, of particular significance, has not trans pired, but it is evident the Premier is intent upon having the agitation settled to suit bis own ideas. The determina tion of the advocates of Separation in this division, oft and openly avowed, has been that, should justice be denied them by tbe Queensland Parliament and Government, an appeal should be taken to the Imperial Government. Indeed, it was indicated to them, npon the occasion of the last interview of their representatives with the Colonial Secretary, this was the course they should follow. Sir Thomas M'Hwraith is fully aware of this, and, in the com munication he - has had prepared for transmission to the Secretary for the Colonies, he endeavours to anticipate the appeal of the Separationists. He has dealt with tbe demand for Northern Separation for the obvious reason that if it is refused there will be little fear of Separation being granted to Central Queensland. Upon the grounds on which he declares there is a change of public sentiment on the question, we make no comment. They do not appear to us to be weighty or well founded. In drawing inferences from ? events which have recently occurred in the Kbrtb, tbe Hon. the Premier is, we suspect, guided more by his feelings than his judgment. Any mistake he may make in this matter may l-e remedied by the Secretary for the Colonies, who is uo doubt able to draw conclusions, and form opinions upon well ascertained and indisputable facts. With regard to tlie state of opinion in the Central Division, there is no evidence of change. At the general election all the members re turned were pledged to vote for Separa tion with the exception of Mr. Corneld, and )-e is claimed by the Premier as a Northern member. Thev have all re deemed their pledges as occasion offered, and, as far as can be judged, possess the confidence of those by whom they were returned. There has been uo patent evidence of change o£ opinion. Hostility to the Labour members exists in many quarters, and were an appeal made to the electors, some of them might be superseded, but that any of tliem could be ousU-d by candidates opposed to Separation is very questionable. There is no immediate prospect of public opinion being tested by an election, and till it is there is no ground for stating any change in it has taken place since Parliament met. It would 1)0 well for all parties that any doubts upoo the subject should be removed from (lie minds of those who think the ghost of Separation has been laid. At present, the most direct and easiest way for the Government to get at the truth of the matter, would be for the Premier or some other important member of the Ministry to visit the division. In all probability the session or Parliament will close in a few days, : Ministers will be relieved from attendance at tha House , the -weather U still nne for travelling in Central Queensland ; and in many ways a trip to Rockhampton and thence out west would do one or other of them good. Sir S. W. Griffith's trip to the North convinced him of the reality of the demand for coloured labour, and of the necessity for it. Stubborn facts encountered in his tour were too strong to be disputed. He could not doubt the evidence of his own senses. Now, it has been declared that the movement for Separation in Central Queensland is a one man affair, that its impulse proceeds from individual insis tence and personal motives. State ments of that kind, made in Brisbane, may pass current, and be accepted as well-founded, and all the more readily that proof to the contrary may not be so easily furnished. They may be met by denials, but, with prejudiced people, these will not suffice. To ascertain the true state of affairs, tbe width and depth of the genuine sentiment of tbe people of the Central Division on the subject of Separation, ons must go about among them, and hear what they have to say. On their behalf it has been declared ttiat they are desirous of obtaining political independence. This has been denied tliem by the Colonial Government. While there is no evidence of a chanse of opinion on the subject of Separation in the Central Division, it does not follow snch a thing has not taken place. Some, we know, who are in favour of Separation, think the time inopportune ; and would much rather see the energies and will of the people unanimously directed to the development of the material resources of the country, than divided and diverted in agitating for Separation. given rise to the apprehension that some other than the tri- partite division we have been accustomed to discuss may be resolved upon ; and that in tbe disruption the interests of the Cen tral Division* may suffer. This may give rise to the question whether it would not be better to wait for Federation before contending further for Separation. On a matter of this kind Ministers should seek such assurance as to the real opinions of the people as may be within their reach. They ha-ve doubted the sentiments of the electors generally, by contending that the movement for Separation is wholly a Rockhampton inspiration. As lias been repeatedly pointed out, it had to begin somewhere, bnt that the views of Rockhampton were approved and appropriated by the oUiei-eonstitueneies, the results at tiie general election tes tify. There are two substantial reasons why the Government should send a member to tbe Central Division ; the first is to ascertain whether the desire for Separation has in any way changed: and whether it is not entertained by the bulk of the people. It is due to tbe people whose affairs they administer : it is a duty they owe the Imperial Govern ment, and the inhabitants of this divi sion, that thev should make some careful efforts to discover the real views of the inhabitants. Should they refrain from doing so, then the Separationists may boldly tell the Secretary for the Colonies that the people of Central Queensland are unanimously in favour of Separation. 