OUTLAW AND LAWMAKER, By MRS. CAMPBELL PEAED, Author of 'The Head Station,' 'The Bond of Wedlock,' 'The Brother of the Shadow,' 'Passion and Policy,' 'Nadine,' 'An Australian Heroine,' and joint author with Mr. Justin McCarthy of ' The Ladies Gallery,' ' The Right Honorable,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights rceervtd.) Chapter IX. — A Bush House Pabty. Tunimba was considered one of the most beautiful stations on the Luya. It was almost in the shadow of Mount Luya and of the twin peaks of the Barrum. Barolin Gorge — a misty cleft— stretched up between the two into the dividing range and seemed to Elsie's imagina tion the passage to a realm of mystery. Mrs. Jem Hallett had the reputation of being a most accomplished hostess. She was always called Mrs. Jem because the elder Mrs. Hallett, mother of the two brothers, was still alive and occupied a pretty cottage about a etone's throw from the big house. But the old lady was an invalid and took no part in the domestic management of the elation, leaving everything to her clever daughterin law. Mrs. Jem was very handsome — a little eelf-conscious, but that was hardly surprising. She had big black eyes and, unlike moat Aus tralians, a rich color. She was tall also and elegant and always dressed with great oare and taste. . Nothing more unlike the Humpey could be imagined. Tunimba head station was an im posing stone house with deep verandahs trellised with creepers, a beautifully kept garden, a gravelled courtyard, and beds planted with flowering shrubs and pome granate trees and camellias. It had out buildings after the newest and most improved pattern, stables, a retinue of smartly gob up black boys and grooms, trim fences and. white gates, and last, but greatest of all, a Chinese cook. The head station stood on a small hill and the garden sloped down to a lagoon, as is the case in many Australian homesteads. Be yond the lagoon was the racecourse, and on this particular occasion — the tenth anniversary of Mr. and Mrs. Jem's wedding day — there were to be given some bush raoes— a sort of friendly competition among the horse owners of the district, whioh was rather noted for its raoes and the horses they intended to run at the forthcoming Leichardt's Town Races. Mrs. Jem received her principal guests on the verandah facing the) courtyard and herself ' conducted them to the drawing-room. It was her great aim to be considered .English, and she always made a great deal of Lord Horace, who was at his best on these occasions and im ported something of the British country house element into these bush' gatherings. She had been accustomed to' rather patronise the Valliant girls in the days befoie Ina's mar riage, and it had been at her house that Lord Horace first met Ina. She therefore took credit to herself for the match. ' I am so glad you came, dear. Thank you both, love, for your good wishes. WaBn't id a happy idea putting the races on to our wedding day ? Of course we couldn't possibly have had them at the election time. Oh, suuh a pity, isn't it, about Frank ? We had made so sure. . But he is auite certain tn rah in for Wallaroo and we must just make the best of Mr. Blake, who is quite charming. Such a pity he is on the wrong side, but Jem says, Elsie, that you must convert him.1' Mrs. Jem had quite a number of people already assembled when the Gages and Miss Valliant arrived. . Jem HaUetfc. was a hand some, rather heavy equatter, excessively good-natured, but not as clever and eater prising as his brother. He was far too Iazy_ to go into polities and contented himself with having the best breed of cattle on the Luya. Mrs. Jem interrupted her husband's heavy jokes and sent him off to look after the gentle men and bring them in to tea. Her drawing room looked extremely English, with its daintily-laid teatable and pretty silver things, and with its art muslin draperies and uphol stered lounges and armchaira. Several ladies were sitting there and others were playing about in the verandah and on the tennis lawn. Those in the drawing-room were for the most part matron?, and among them were one or two Leichardt's Town magnates — Lady Garfit, the wife of the Minister for Lands, and her daughter, there was pretty Mrs. Allanby, who gave parties in Leichardt's Town, and whose hus band was a stock and station agent ; two or three of the neighboring squatteresses,, several young ladies, rivals of Elsie as popular belles, who came in from the verandah when the Gage party appeared. Lady Horace's mar riage had produced a certain access of cor diality in the manner of the Leichardt's Town damea, especially now that it was known that Lord and Lady Waveryng were coming out and would be guests at Government House during the time of the Prince's visit. For merly Mrs. Valliant and her pretty daughters had only been admitted on sufferance into the more select circle of Leichardt's Town society, and this gave Elsie Variant's manner a dash of defiance as she acknowledged their greet ings. The girl was full of hatred and malice — at least so she told Ina— and it flashed through her mind that there might be some great person in the Prince's suite who would fall in love with her and marry her, and that she might revenge herself on these Becond-rate people for all their slights. She was an un developed creature, this poor Elsie. There was nothing very great in her or very noble. She was full of meannesses and littlenesses and jealousies, for which she despised her self in her more exalted moments, but there had never come anything into her life to call forth higher sentiments. She sometimes fancied that if such thing did oome she, too could prove herself heroic Ina was better than she. No one acknowledged that more readily than Elsie. But then Ina had not been the idol of a foolish mother, and Ina had never been a' beauty. Elsie had never looked more lovely than she did that evening when she went into the drawing-room dreBsed for dinner. She and Ina had spent some time in the concoction of the costume, and then Elsie had had a fit of penitence and had insisted on making some thing lovely for Ina, too. It struck Elsie that Ina seemed shy and agitated, and she won dered if Lord Horace had been cross. Now that the blush of the honeymoon was over Lord Horace had fits of downright) crossness. And Lord Horace was certainly selfish and exacting. He made his wife do things for him that he would not have required from a Lady Clara Vere-de-Vere. This Elsie resented. What right had he to expect that her sister would act as his valet? Ina did everything that he asked her and was patient and sweet as far-famed GrizzeL But she always said that she was happy. Frank Halletb took Elsie in to dinner. Lord Horao3 naturally conducted Mrs. Jem and Mr. Blake was given to Lady Horace. Mrs. Jem had waived the rules of strict etiquette eo far as to give Lady Garfit the precedence over some time Ina Valliant. Blake and Ina were seated opposite Elsie and Frank. Somehow, whenever she glanced across the table Elsie seemed to meet Blake's eyes. He had such odd eyes— so deep and piercing. She could never forget their wild gleam on that strange night at Goondi. Blake had a stephanotis flower in his buttonhole. So had Frank Hallett. She remembered having said to Blake one day at Goondi— the day after the declaration of the poll, when they had walked down the street of the township while waiting for the coach and to hear the latest news of Moonlight — or rather to hear the news of Moonlight's vain pursuers— that the stepha notis was her favorite flower. Blake's voice enchained her attention and made her listen carelessly to what Frank Hallett was saying. She wondered what Blake was talking about to Ina. She felt almost certain from the way they both looked at her that she herself was the subject of conversation. She was the subject also of Mr. Dominic Trant's regard. He was on her other Bide and devoted much more consideration to her than' to his legitimate partner. He would insist upon discoursing about Blake in what Elsie felt to be rather a orude fashion. 'You remember what I said to you the other night, Miss Valliant?' 'I am not sure that I do, Mr. Trant.' ' I told you that my partner was rather a dangerous customer. You know there's such a thing as the biter getting bit. Any woman who plays with Blake will find that she is playing with.fire.' ' I don't understand you, Mr. Trant ; or how what you say can in any Way apply to me.' ' They say you are a flirt. - So is Blake.' 'Well?' 'He never cared for a woman in his life, Miss Valliant ; bub it has always been with him as it is with the sportsman after game. The more difficult it is to get the more3ellows there are after it, the more determined he is that it should fall to his gun. Blake would follow a woman he thought worth his trouble through thick and thin till he had got her down at his feet.' 'And then?' ' Why, then, Miss Valliant, he'd tell her that he had no heart to give, and he would leave her to further enjoy the excitement of going after other game. That is all Blake cares for — the excitement of doing what other people have failed to do.' 'And so,' said Elsie, 'Mr. Blake goes about with women's scalps at his belt, and you fancy that he might do me the honor of wishing to adorn himself with mine. It is very kind of you to warn me. Why are you so interested in my welfare?' 'Because I want you for myself,'' said Trant brutally. 'That is very kind of you, too,' said Elsie. ? 'I like your way of playing a game, Mr. Trant. It is honest at any rate.' She turned to Frank Hallett and pointedly avoided Trant. He came up to her, however, as soon as dinner was over. 'I have come to beg your pardon. I'm a rough brute. I throw myself on your mercy.' ' Please don't offend again then,' said Elsie. 'I'll go on my knee3 to you, if you like. I'll promise anything. The only thing I'm good for is to aing. Mrs. Jem Hallett has asked me to sing. You'll forgive me when you hear me sing. I am going to sing some thing to you.' The man was right. His merit lay in his voice. It was impossible not to be moved by his singing. They were all sitting out in the verandah or strolling about the star-lit garden, which was full of the scent of stephanotis, verbena, and Cape jasmine. Mrs. Jem had started music in the drawing-room, while the dining- room, whioh was a great room with a polished floor, was being got ready for dancing. Elsie had already a little crowd of men round her. Several were Leichardt's town admirers. The old fever for admiration was upon her. From one she accepted a flower. To another she gave one. She had smiles for all. Then Trant began to sing. A vague emotion seized her, a sudden irresistible longing for the deeper drama of life. There was so much be yond all this flirting and dancing and dressing, so much of which she was totally ignorant. Even Trant with the coarse passion in his voice represented a world of feeling that she had never entered. She became silent and would not answer the young men's banal remarks. ' Hush— go away, I want to listen,' .she said, and sat there, her profile outlined against dark night, the light from the drawing-room upon her serious face and shining eyes and Blender girlish form ; she sat with her hands folded, quite still. Someone came and leaned againBt the verandah post by her side. She knew without looking at him that it was Blake. She knew, too, that he was watching her, and the feeling gave her an odd thrill and presently drew her eyes to his. Trant's song ceased, and his accompanist went on playing desultory chords. Mr. Blake said suddenly, 'Do you do any thing — I mean in the way of music?' 'No,' answered Elsie. 'I do nothing — nothing at least that gives people pleasure.' 'I should say that you did a great deal whioh gave people pleasure. You exist— that is something.' 'I wish you wouldn't pay me compliments in that unmeaning way. I bate it. It is like everybody else.' 'You would like me then to be unlike everybody else. Thank you. I like you to say that.' 'Why?' ' Because it shows that you think about me.' ' I don't eee that that matters.' ' Oh, yes, it does — to me. I have been watching you, MisB Valliant, wondering ? ' 'Wondering what?' . 'Wondering what lies underneath the butterfly existence you seem to lead/3 ' Ah ! you think I am a butterfly.' 'I think that you know bow to papitlonncr la vie — as one says, bnt that is a different thing from being a butterfly.' 'I don't understand much French, but I understand enough to know what that means.' ' It is a great art — to papillonncr la vie.' ' Do you practice it ?' she asked. 'I try to. But I have moods in which life seems deadly serious.' ' Were you in one of those moods that night?' ' Ah ! No, I waa in a reckless mood that night. I have quite got over it now.' ' And you are in the butterfly phase,' she said a little bitterly. 41 Why do you say that in such a con temptuous way ?' ' I was thinking of something Mr. Trant told me about you.' 'What was that?' ' I don't think I ought to tell you.' ' I can guess what) it waa. Trant reproaches me with liking ladies' society too much. I am sure he told you that I waB a flirt.' ' Yes, he aaid something of that kind, only he put ib more atronEly.' '* How ? You needn't mind tolling me what Trant said about me. I am sure that he has often said the same things to my face.' 'So he told me.' 'He warned you against me, didn't he?' ' And he described me a conceited cad who tried to be a lady-killer?' ' No, he didn't say that. He described you as a person who liked to make women fall in love wi»h him and who went about with hearts as trophies in the way that an Indian carries scalps.' ' Oh ! That was putting it melodramati cally. Miss Valliant, perhaps you will think me a conceited cad when I say that the game of love — or flirtation — has given me some amusement in my life, but that when I found it becoming serious for myself or for the other person I have always stopped short unless 'WelLunle-s!'. ' Unless it was a fair contest. Hearts not in it. The best fighter wins — and friends when the fight is over ; like our elecbion the other day. Isn't that your idea of a flirtation tournament 5' ' Ye3 — perhaps ; I haven't any theory about it.' ' You only practice the game. Well, don't you think that two skilled players might get a good deal of fun out of such a game?' ' I don't know.' Elsie was getting a little uncomfortable and at the same time was deeply interested. ' Oh yes, you do. Beoause Trant implied that in tais instance it is a case of Greek meet ing Greek. Well, Mis3 Valliant, is it a challenge?' ' If you like to take it so,' she answered recklessly. There was a silence. 'Yes, I do,' he answered seriously. 'I think it is very likely that I ehall get beaten, bnt I accept the challenge. Will you dance this with me,' he asked in a matter of fact tone. ' That is a waltz, isn't it ?' She gob up. At that moment Frank Hallett came up. ' Miss Valliant, you will give me this ?' Elsie hesitated. Blake said nothing, but bis eyes were on her. ' I am engaged to Mr, Blake,' she said at last. Frank Hallett drew back. ' The one after the next then 1 I am going to dance the next with your sister.' Elsie nodded. 'Yes, the one after the next.' She took Blake's arm and they went into the dancing-room. He danced extremely welL So did she. Elsie had never felt before during a dance as she felt now. She had at once a sense of intoxication and terror. She had begun to be afraid of Blake, and she had never in her life been afraid of any man. What had he meant by asking her if she bad given him a challenge? What did he think of her? What had he heard about her? Well, ehe would show him that she could take care of herself. The waltz ended and they strolled into the garden. The moon was rising and threw fantastic shadows upon the gravelled walk. 'Mr. Blake,' Elsie said suddenly, 'will you please tell me what you meant when you told me — that day by the creek — the day I threw the flower at your horse — that you had been wishing to make my acquaintance for a particular reason? Will you tell me what the reason was ?' ' If you wish it,' he said ; ' but it is rather a long story. I don't think I can get it into the interval between this and the next dance.' ' I am not engaged for the next dance. We will sit it out— unless you want to dance.' ' No. It seems absurd to eay that I would much rather sit it out with you.' 'Why absurd?' ' You forbade me to pay you compliments,' he answered. They turned towards the lagoon out of the track of promenaders. There was an avenue of bunyas leading to the boathouse, and the dark pyramidal pine trees looked strangely solemn in the moonlight. Elsie gave a little shiver. ' I hate this walk. Ib puts me in mind of a churchyard. Come down here. There's a seat close to the house, and I shall be able to hear when the waltz begins.' She took him into a vine trellis to the right . and they sat down on a bench which was placed m a sort of arbor. Chapter X. — Jensen's Ghost. ' Wlel,' she said. ' Why ?' ' Why !' he repeated. ' Do you know any people at Teebar?' ' No,' she answered and blushed at one of her most painful recollections which the name evoked. ' At least, not now.' 'No, because the person you once knew and who lived there is dead. He was a man called Jensen. I knew him very welL He had a station close by the township.' ' Yee,' she said in a Btifled way. 'He took to drinking, as you know, and killed himself.' ' I did not know. Killed himself !' ' As surely a3 any man who ever blew his brains out. He did not drink, did he, when you knew him ?' 'No. Mr. Blake I know what you mean and it is cruel, it is wicked to blame me for that.' She half rose in her agitation. ' It wasn't my fault that he ? ' ' That he loved you. No, that was certainly not your fault. There must be a great many men who love you. But I was sorry for poor Jensen. He looked a stupid fellow when I knew him, but he was clever enough to write very decent verse. And he looked rather a weak creature, but he was strong enongh to bo faithful to the one woman he ever loved.' 'What did he tell you about me? Don't be afraid of hurting me.' ' He told me all that had ever passed be tween you — his version, of course, but it was so detailed that I think it must have been pretty near the truth. You encouraged him a good deal.' 'Yes, I encouraged him.' 'I think you were engaged to him for two days?' 'I — I said I would marry him — if I could like him well enough.' ' And at the end of two days — you didn't give it a long trial — you told him that you had only engaged yourself for an experiment to see what it felt like, and you threw him over.' 'Yes, that is true. I couldn't care for him enough.' There was a silence. At last ho said, 'I saw a good deal of Jensen. I did what I could to reclaim him, but he said he had no faith in man nor woman and no motive for living. From what I could gather he used to be a healthy-minded man, fond of sport and of work, and not disposed to take a morbid view of life. You will understand that I was natu rally anxious to meet the lady who had been able to effect such a change, but besides all that he told me about you made me feel that you would be -interesting.' Elsie seemed to be strangling emotion. She spoke in a hard voice, cut once or twice with a dry sob, and with her face turned from him. ' I know what you must think of me. You must think that I am fair game for anybody. You must think that I am as bad as a woman can be. I am certainly not going to excuse myself. I only want to eay that I was very young and that I had never felb deeply about anything and had no idea that any one else could feel in that way. I want to say, too, that I had been brought up to think that I must marry well ? ' ' And Jensen was very well cff. Yes, I know.' ; 'It is horrible. It is humiliating. It is utterly undignified. When I think of it my cheeks burn and I loathe myself. Do you .know,' her voice dropped though she spoke with' passionate vehemence:- 'he is the only man — except my father — who has ever kissed me. I hate him for that.' - Blake uttered an exclamation of mingled surprise and sympathy. He had never dreamed of this odd kind of virginal pride in Elsie. Her curious unconvehtionality, her impulsive speech, all that he had heard of her had pre pared him for a different sort of woman. Elsie w^nt on still in that hurried vehement way. ' I hated him the day he did that and I told him so. I suppose he told you that. I felt that I never wanted to see him again, to be taken possession of, that wasn't what I meant. It is quite true that I had had a fancy that it might be amusing to be engaged. I have always had a curiosity about life, about different kinds of experience. I thought that I should have an entirely new set of feelings and that this was to be the door to them. You can't imagine anything more childish and stupid and ignorant. I don't know why I am telling you all this. I hate myself for doing 'Don't do that,' he said in a different manner from his former one. ' I am very glad you have told me.' ' I have been trying to forget it alL I would never let myself think of it. I heaid that he had died, but I did not know how. As I got to know other men and saw for how little flir tation counted and how soon they got over dis appointments of that kind I got to think lees about it. And then I never felt deeply about anybody, and how could I know ? ' 'That anybody might come to feel deeply about you ? And so you have gone on flirting with men and liking them, perhaps, until they too have wanted to take possession of you, and then that fierce thing in you has roused up and has made you cruel. You had never yet met your match — quite.' The 'quite' was an afterthought. He was thinking of Frank Hallett. ' I hope,' he went on, ' that you won b find your match after you are married. That would be tne worst misfortune that could happen to you.' ' Why do you say that ?' she asked. 'Because all that you have told me makes me certain that you have the capacity for ft feel ing which when it oomes win almost {tighten you.' i ?' 'Could one bo frightened of love?,' shes&id; softly. 'I have often wished that- 1 oould really love someone.' -.; 'Don't wish iti unless you ate quite ieer$ain that the man you Jove_ is worthy of your low* and capable of givbgyoubaokaUithaliyoujrfve' — don't wish it unless you are' certain^ too, thap the man you love can marry yon.'' * '''.' She shrank together a little. ' I think wa had beblier go in.'° ehe said. ' The dance will begin presently.' . ?, He got up and gravely offered her his arm. ' Miss Valliant, you are going back soon bo Leichardt'sjXown. Will you allow me to call upon you and your mother ?' 'Yes, certainly,' she answered, and added, ' We live on Emu Point.' They walked towards the house. Before they' reached the verandah Elsie stopped and. faced \ him. ' I am very sorry for what I said to yoa . this evening,' she said impulsively. ' I hope you will forget it.' ' , ' I am afraid that I can't promise to do that,' he answered. [ ' Then at least you will not remind me of it.' ' Ah ! that of course I can promise. A3 far . as lies in my power I will try not to remind yoa of it.' ' Thank you. I think that I will sit down here. If you see Mr. Frank Hallett will yoa tell him where I am ?' He lefb her. She had not long to wait. Frank Hallett was walking up and down with Lady Horace and he had seen her come back with Blake. They both came to her. ' Elsie,' Ina said, ' what is the matter ?' ' Nothing,' said Elsie. ' Why T ' You looked scared somehow.' 'I think it must be because I have been seeing ghosts,' said Elsie tremulously. 'Ghosts !:- repeated Lady Horace. Elsie did not answer. ' It must have been the effect of the moon light in the garden,' said Hallett. 'Those pyramids of rynca-sporum do look rather like white ghosts.' Elsie burat into a laugh. 'How like you that speech was. You are really a very comforting person. You always find a natural and reasonable explanation for all one's vagaries, for all one's stupid super stitious fancies.' 'I am glad,' he said gravely, 'that you find me a comforting person. But I don'b think that is what you like best.' ' What is it that I like best f ' 'Something more romantio. I know thati I am a very prosaic kind of fellow. Bud perhaps that wears best in the long run and most stupid superstitous fancies do admit of a reasonable and natural explanation.' They began to dance. The waltz with him was not quite like the one with Blake. Sha was conscious of this and she was angry with herself for being so. Why should a girl when two men waltz equally well feel a subtler intoxication in the contact and' joint motion with the one than with the other ? They had only taken a few turns when she stopped him. ' I don't want to dance. I'm tired.' They went out into the verandah again. He was concerned. 'Something is the matter with you.' ' No. Yes — everything is the matter,' ' Tell me, Elsie,' he said. ' Frank, if I ever give you bad pain — if yoij are misled by your own fancies and think ma better and truer and more sincere than I am, and wake up to find that I am a vain ambi tious mercenary girl with no real thought for any one but herself, don't Bay that I haven's warned you.' 'You have warned me often enough, and I told you that I was quite contented to take the risk. I can't bear you to talk like that, and yet I'm glad too.' 'Tell me why you are glad.' ' Because if you weren't getting to care for me a little you wouldn't be troubled at the thought of the suffering you might cause me.' ' I am troubled, horribly troubled. And of course I care a little for you. I care a great deal, but it isn't the sort of caring I mean.' ' The sort of caring you mean is a romantio dream, the glamor that never was on sea or land, but only in the imagination of romance writers. I don't mind entering the lists with your prince, Elsie dear. I can wait. He won' A come along. Princes like that don't ride through the gum trees.' 'Now,' she said seriously, 'it pleases ma to hear you talk like that. It makes me feel that you are Btrosg. I wish that you were strong enough to carry me off and pub an end to my doubbs for ever.' 'Shall I try?' ' No, no. Give me my year. Frank, I do ^ not want to care for you. I am grateful to you for loving me. You'll believe that.' Elsie slept badly that night. They had danced till~long past midnighb and she had tried to drown her guilty recollection of poor Jensen. She had danced again with Blake and they had talked in the verandah afterwards, not of personal topics. With a tact which sha appreciated he avoided allusion to their previous conversation — but of travel, of men and women and books, of life on the Luya and of the wider life beyond. And she had danced with Trant and he had been very personal and had expressed his admiration with a cer tain respectful bluntness which had amused, her, and had done more than anything else to distract her thoughts from more painful sub jects. She told herself that if he was a lifctla rough he meant no harm, and that his rough ness was of a more interesting kind than thab of the Luya squatters in general. Elsie was nob very fond of bushmen. _ She preferred the bank clerks and young Civil servants of Lei chardt's Town. She had danced, toe, more than once again with Halletb and she was doing her very beat to persuade herself that the regard she felt for Frank Hallett was the nearest approach she should ever get to love. And then she had seen very [plainly that Lady Garfit and her daughter were making up to the Halletts and that Frank was clearly an object of desire in matrimonial circles. It was perfectly evident that Rose Garfit was in love with him. Ross was another type of Leichardt's Town. Sha was not soft and slender and complex like Elsie, bub was a great Junoesque creature with calm blue eyes and quantities of flaxen hair, a downright sort of girl, absolutely good-natured, a splendid horsewoman, a good tennis player, always bright and smiling and equable, and in every way a desirable wife for a well-to-do squatter. Elsie did nob actually dislike Rose, who did nob wanb to give herself airs, though she had always seemed to hold herself aloof in a oalmLy superior way from the lesser fry of Leichardt'a Town. This was because of her father's posi tion and because she was always better. dressed, and had carriages and riding-houses, which she — poor Elsie — never had unless some obliging admirer gave her a mount ; but Elaia hated Lady Garfit with a holy hatred, for Lady Garfit had snubbed her on more than one occasion and had done all she could to keep Elsie out of the Government House ses, promulgating the report that she was fast and bad style, and even thab she rowed. Elsie would have done anything to annoy Lady Garlit, and ib was very evident that Lady Garfit was extremely annoyed ab Frank Hallett's devotion. There were other ladies, too, before whom Elsie was not displeased to parade her con quests. She could see that Mrs. Allanby was furious because ehe had Eat out with Mr. Blake and because Frank Hallett had forgotten a dance for which he was engaged to her, whiia he in his turn was sitting out with Elsie. But) Mrs. Allanby revenged herself by flirting with Lord Horace. And then there was Minna Pryde, of Leichardt's Town, who waa more on ,:E!sie's social level than Rose Garfit, who never lost an opportunity of, as she put it, 'spiting' EUie about her 'beaux.' Minna was dark and pretty and vivacious, and was certainly not good style, acd nob at all ia favor with the more fastidious of the Lei chardt's Town matrons. Elsie was also rather : pleased to vex Mrs, Jem, who patronised her, and who she knew would have preferred Ro38 Garfit for a sister- in-law. These uncharitable motives had been more or less preponderant all the evening, but in the stillness of her chamber they melted into a rain of tears. She did not dare to cry out aloud ltBt Bhe should wake Ina. The two sisters shared a tiny verandah room, Lord Horace having been sent with almost all the other gentlemen to the bachelors' quarters, where judging from the sounds of revelry that floated on the night he was doubtless enjoying himself. (To be continued.) 