BUSH REMINISCENCE "JACK AND I." CHAPTER XIII. BY THOS F. P. WESTERN. (All rights reserved). Kahn having changed the route, wo made for the tower Avoca instead of Morton Plains, a night at Lake Wooroo nooke at the foot of Mount Jeffcott at a Chirm- side a £ako, but wbero old* “Bliuhorino Joo” was hulkoepcr. Right well did he doeforvo luo name, for n more. incessant talker I never . □card.. Ho . had been a sailor, so he and. I soon got friendly, and I soon drew old' Joe out, and he gave ua a brief (?) sketch of; his travels, on which bo dilated for two hours, livery few.minutes ho would exclaim, “By the Gut , of\ Gibraltar I’m the greatest traveller unhung.” Then ho would: describe ins visits to the. unknown as well asthe l u P ar^B the world. Ho declared ho “ a< * “°°l>, a "o?ted in Russia by mistakoiand sent to .Siberia but’ escaped, and secured a berth on a ship leaving Vladivostok' got safely to Japan and tbcncp to Chins, where bo shipped, A.B. in on American' . brig bound' for Now-York. - Ho gave a' most thrilling account of'how ho and threo others boat 6ft a Malny pirato, how his ship was struck by tho lightning in a thunder storm . and the main mast went by tho board.; bow tho vessel eventually foundered, when Joe was eleven days in an open bent without oars, sail, op -ruddor, v:and ."Mj only of bilgo ; apd ; a few ishjp bisduits 'to sustaih bis lito. What ho saw and did during a six months’ stay with a cannibal tribe bn; the Solomons, and how his life was saved through bis inveterate habit of ~ n chawing, * Old Blathorer deseribod. Ho also exhibited -tho' spot in his thigh wbero be said the cannibal chief oat a piece out, to taste what Joe’s flesh was like.-“But, , ’*eaid the unblushing; old ' l dr,V*l was so full of tobacco juico that it made tho phief sick, With a grunt he made, mo understand that I was no goqd.oqtee."<Qn another , occasion ,he was the only one not down with tho “ Yeljbw Jack,” on a sohoonor, when he. took bis cargo of dead-and dying) into St. Domingo, and then fell ill of the feyer himself. On bis recovery ho shipped in a'whaler, and was nearly done for through overbalancing birasolf when harpooning a “sperm.” “But,"said Joe “1 clung to the Tine andwas carried fathoms deep, but when the ,whalo rose I found myself near to our boots, and I was quiokly hauled on board—blown you hot.” 1 ' ?!»«* would tho old sinner on ;for- Uours, swearing “By tho. Qut of Gibraltar” that every word was gospel truth, ’ 1 Nmjt day as we were passing Iho Quandbng hut wo beard screams and loud crips ‘for help.. We galloped up, and outside found on old man in groat excitement who entreated us- to go in and save a woman from being murdered. When wo ontered, wo found a man, mad drunk, knooling on a woman who lay on the floor. The man was brandishing a large knifo, suoh as butchers use. There was no tiino; to stop to parley, so giving him a swinging blow on jtho side of bis head with our loaded stock whip handles, ho was quiokly knocked over, and “ Wnrrignl Bill” scoured the knifo. Securely tying the brute-with a strong rope .we sat down in.the hut and waited ’had somewhat recovered from our by no beans gentle blows, one of which bad all but bracked his* skull,' and the blood from tho wound gave his already villainous face a most repujsiyp appearance. . Soon as bo realised bis position* he glared aiji us his jlon(i|iph looking eyes like a' wild beast, at the same lime'grindiDg’bis'teeth' with' 1 impotent*rage, and rtt length said, “Curso ypr, - now you have bested'me; Taifco that use and drive it into my head.” . Thgh he wrjpied and formed up thp ipoptb, while giving utfbropce tq tho most blasphemous expressions. 4- sfAtjon hand named Bat. Foley jui}k then called' at the but, ant} vyheij' 1)6 was informed what batf place, ho assured ps that the old' hilt keeper would bo si} pigb£ whpn goj, sober,. and that tho woman wap his wife; that those rows wpre of frequent occurrence,^and,” added J?at “J tbjnk Ned only tpics to fpigbtcn Ijor. I don’t think ho moans to hurt hop- If J did, I’d brain him." Tljo woman q!so assured us it would be all right, and hoped wo would not say anything about it at tho bomestation. Tbis littlo old wretoh was tho notorious “Ned Hunter” who was banged a few years ago at Bendigo for the cold-blooded murder of an inoffensive young man at an hotel at Charlton —running a knife into him. His grave could on application bo seen by tho cartons, just under the gallows in the gaol. I have often since that it wonld have been bettor if wo Tmd’drivoh a tbriiabawk into bis skull, for tlio old rufilan certainly was not (It to live. Hb was the vilest specimen of a “lag” I ever mot. It was. some satisfaction to ino that in after years I assisted at. tho inquest, and the taking down of tho depositions that: wore used to hang this vile, old dog. On arriying nfc the .West Charlton home steAd Kalin said, l ißy Gad! boys, not a word about what oceurrod at the ‘Quandong,| -or v^b!Jl ! ImVo’thb -ftf'aps! hope. 'nniHJjorb will l|o tho dov|l to Jjjiy, sq.fpumls the’word.” A now phtuu who had'just Arrived on the niii for jjol.obiarexperion’co became a sourqo of groat amusement to Kahn, who thought tho “Now Chum” as wo will call . him, was a fit and proper parson to bproadp a butt of for any-, thing snort of muidm 1 - Quo §ultry sgipmor eyoning we wpro djsopssiqg tljo h eBt mqdo PJ killing.snakes. The most thrilling talcs weird told, all for the benefit of bijr now obum friend,' Who, as tho yarns proceeded, beoarao very anxious to moot with a snako. Being a recent arrival in the' colony he; of oourso was ; provided’ with*’ all the “ New Chum” necessaries,; such os a gigantic stock-whip wilh a belly about os thick as a man’s arm, and one (bat would require tho strength of a Georgo Pyors to use, a rcvol ver, a snot gun and. rifle, and an English saddle and bridle. nNb\v‘Ciium” equjd -form spmp of fjjfi class,'of snakes, ha yyould moot from tljo pnp wo bad stuffed, and which extended thrpo parts round the , room and measured thirty foot. It: wns ; carefully raadb up from four largo carpet snakes skins, so neatly put to gether that it was as it hung on the walls im possible to doteot tho imposition. Suddenly the conversation was’interrupted by Georgo JEL , rushing do. dooinring-bp had -beco bitten on tho arm by a largo brown snako in tbo vprandab-room, ab tbo same time exhibiting tho.-wound. “.Good Heavens!” cried .Willie W.' “just bur look. This is-tbq sovonlb bit lon this; month, land by - tho wound -it is a deadly- bria”-P If- this gbos :on much mpre'wo’ll--hayo” tb start a cemetery,"* e*- Yes,replied, “A fine qountpy to (jonie po for experience—deafbs'evory week, either through snake bites, falls frqm baokjumpors ; being lost in-tho bush, or bqrsos bolting and knocking yoqr hrains opt against o’ tpce, ; During this George bejng laid fiut pn thp Ipblp, whilp Willie stood pepdy vwith j> rod-bo|< irpu to pantefizo the >ybqn«l;.<if nepegsary. It t°bk foqr of us to hold Georgo downfoam issupd from bis mouth, at the same time hia hbdy was fear fully qonyulsod*,bis ayes glared like a mad niaiVs, Ono moment ho would apparently hayb a desperate struggle for life, the next hp would bo as rigid as a-eorpse; Daring all this >cone of noiso and exbitbmoht, “Now Cbum” rtood iriiite as a ghost, but at lost in a fit of desperation; bp cried.out, “This is horrible ! tbjs f(i ! hqrrjblb> Bhbw ; rao tho Snake ! Lot m© kliiit 1 ; ; M f/No lho ) DohJt go noor.it,” cried one. * I‘lt’s pwopty . foot Jong,,, if, it’s an ineb,” .''jVothor. c ‘ f sqw il go' under the ‘*Show me tho snakb,” 'again cried “New Chum,"' . -■ i Jf Well, if you w}l} bo a fool” replied WjU’ l ?- (f Thoro, take this now t»xo and chop him in two,”: ■ J Seizing tho axb, “Now Chum” ran into tho room;' Wlioro' by the light of .tho moon_ q fibriion qf a huge snake was sppn protruding rom under tho bpd. “Be careful, ” whispered Kahn. Up wont lho nxo,/dpwn It oarao with sure aim, no mlstoko ahaut ; outtlng it In two. The blow woe repeated! until tho “ snako” was out irilb^soveral' piecoß, But judge the “New Chum’s” astonishment, and,, the. roar of laughter tbnt camo ffom' tha especially Georgo,(who was, washing, tho soffcsoap oat of his mouth,.when a light was brought. f ‘The hoaxed how obum had minced ap his bran new stock-whip., . ( y-‘- « 