SHORT STORIES THE MERMAID AT RYE By FLORENCE WARDEN. Author of " A Prince of Darkness,' " The House on the Marsh;," &c; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED] CHAPTER I..-" THE TALES WHICH THEY TELL." It is a picturesque spot, that ancient tows} ofRye, when the-river runs full at .the base of., the rock on ,which it- stands, and. the. little fish ing boats, ,with ,their. red-brown, patche.ld .ils,: swim down on ithe tide.to the.sea.,!; But when the tide has run-outiand the mud-banks till the river's bed in along grey .line to the ?nowi distant saa, the,old town, with its narrow,-te?pp. streets, of small, close- packed.-houses, crowned with, the. low square tower of the ancient church, .looks :desolate in deed. ... So thought. Ned ari;x, as, chi a chilly November afternoon, he made his way slowly up into. the town from the station, through a drizzleo of rain which "made the .rou.gk stones slippery, .and pattpred .down from -the overh ansgi. ng-avet-oth hot. ses.: This ;was his first, isit to, Rye, and he. seemed likely _to- get no, enthu siastic welcome" . lie :had- asked his. way, to '' the best iinn,'' and having been told rather pointedlyi that the principal Ihotel. was ;tThe 1ullh.,j the' HiIgh street,' tperceived1,Jhat he had, gone near; to. wounding .the?. town?'i susceptibilities,. and that. in, losing its, importance. it: had not. lost; its .Ned was.at'least able to,thank.the fates, however,: that ."',The', Ia3ll" proved to be. no resplendent modern hostelr;y, *.roeerected aith' all ,modern 'imurovemnents,',' but; a:plain' and by no means.,extensive building which felly carried out the promise held forth in its advertisement in thi??i giiide book'; '? hs house has fori man years `enjonedte r repute of "?ein6ig "cleand~i swd , eetandcom fortable." The very firt stleps! lie imade al~ong t:'ihe' "narrow entrance passaCi?g~ raised ]his spiriti~. 'A fresh. faced co'untr?woman 'itood 'at the door of a:room on the ri'ght'i'at the iiend of the padssange he sia a coey, old-fasthioned bar'i' a liune' grand_ fathiier's clock ticked oudly some where' in'ihe' dim recesses of olak' panelled assages in the baok ground. SG'ooddad," said hoe :t the wait ress. "Th veory fact' that 'there was no dingy waiter sabot aarimedi one's soil. '" Cal I havieo sointhing to eat ?, A chlop, anytbhin?" **Yes," sir.' This `wty i you please; sir."-, i ":1 : . , , . She 'was qiiite peremptory in heir manner" a shedivertedl himnifrom his purpose of entering the room on the right, and. insisted on his going into the coffee-room; on the left.. Ned felt that she was too autocratic. For: in .that., apartment oii the, right, which bore :the words " Commercial Room," and into which, therofore, as a public room, hq had,every right to go, there was a big well filled book case, and--a golden- haired girl. Now Ned was an artist, and:en dowed, like other: artists, ,with. sua ceptiliilities as to golden hair which made even a.tinge of, flaxen. or auburn a joy to, him. The hair' he had just seen made .him long.to'get at his palette ; he felt that he must see that girl, he :mhst knotT her, he: 'must.paint her if he hadto setay in Rye six' months to do': ??';'Mean; while:' he was in: the tiny' coffeeo room• waiting for -his dinner, with nothing better than last week's 'local newspaper to amuse hiiniself with. He 'would go.. and ask= the: golden haired young lady for :a book; So he crossed 'the passage'intl the com mercial room.' The .girl, who was sitting close under : tli~ -'bookcase "" studying a volume open on:her knee, looked up. Something ini her very glance?dhowed at once that slid was adorably unused to, meeting strangers,.': She was not shy. or ,awkward, but: she -wase aur-. prised.-, : . ;:"If you want anything will you' please ring the.h.bel'luinr :the coffee room, and th.e-.waitere will 'come," ihe said; " . . : .i .. .The w.ords .were a snubi- but the grey eyes were kind.. Ned retreaited to the doori but said humbly--.. "I beg your :pardon.' -But I came. to ask if yon would .be kind enough' to lend me a: bdok." :: :: "-. I am sure Mrs; Richmond will. 'l.lgo'and ask her."- ;.,: :; ' ::Oh dear,.this whs not what he had wanted at all; a portly Inndlady .descending upon: him, with open suspicions as to the genuiness of hijs: ·avidity for-literature 1 ;m'::-: . :-" Pray ,ibn't take .that- trodble, said Ned. : . ,. .. , ": : ::.SLhewas already at the:door. : But before she could open.it, the waitress had, entered. in ; search, of.: the traveller. " :,, ' .e:.;: : ;.::: . '" 1Your ohop is, ready for you i in thecoffee :roomsair"' she said' rather " , Oh, Martha, is Mrs-:. Richaknd in ? , This"., gentleman , .wants " a .? ;Martha looked at him sharplyi ., ",f' Mrs. Richmond is out,,but; I'm nres you'd,, be: vopry welcome to ia book, ,if.t there's: anythere,will suit you.' -:. ,: . . : . : .:: ". ,I should like some local history; if there is such a thing-some :book that; tells about the ,o!d places .id and around .the town; and:the stories told of them," " The stories I" echoed the golden haired girl,iwith.:a .laugh; " you -ust. ask~oMartha herself: for..those. She knowis more than the books tell "f Oh, what I know as mostly gos sip, and nothing,~moch .to tell~ any body, protested Marthai soften \- "That ,is exactly; what!.I like'to hear--thep gossip,":said Ned, :"What the. pqople, say:.about a'!house.or a church.influencesa ope's; though t.a85 opne; qoks at itad ':gives at at. ppecial. a!tmosphere. ,4nd~tha?s eyery thing young lady, with great interest, " That is what my father was before his eyes grew weak He thinks just is you. do of the stories? ..and:he ,ritbes about 'them too. He says there is no history of this place that an intelign person qnn rea with 'out'weeping. So he is writing one, and I am helping him." '"The-girl-she- could'r.ot.have been more than .---glanced at .Martha, as -if afraid.sho-had been ico communi cati:e to a stranger. lint the wait re'i,. who vasn a mass of prejudices, had just made up her mind that-the :newcomer was " a gentlentan, every inch of him," and unber.t accord ingly.. " And I may make bold to say I've helped Mr. Ilennell. too," she said. "For I was with him nearly three hours, the other day, telling hits ioidlfor Word, as it ias told to me, the story of the murders at the Old Mermaid." '. Murders at. the ,Old Mermaid," edio''dNed,'" w oith "volu?ptuous enjoy ment. "-'Tell me too, please. I love a good murder, especially if it's not .too.ancient.-.-IIow-old .is yours ?" "Why, they both of them hap ,pen'edlin;mny timie.- 'I've been hero nine years. I ..The waitress, who we.s evidently a personage.of importance in the inn, _with extensive powers, was melting. She advanced to the fire, stirred th" coals -into" a:' roaring' blaze, an1 wheeled a chair round for the g?entle man. "Ned ?took his scat with .his back to the..murky, afternoon day light, where he coull- from time to tineio, cast a slyly admiring glance at the demure' oung girl in the corner. " Well,'" ~irthla began,. !' wealhn't," al*ay's"cal'tlthem murders. For to say .truth, they were more than nmurders - they were mysteries. .There's, a, couple of .very old houses.' in ltye that were once an inn, called i.The', Meriiiaid. ' Thlt was long 'before'my'time; 'When' I first cane to Rlye the place had been empty and neglecred-anad all:to'pieces for nigh on two years. Then it was done up and divided into two houses, for it 1vas too lbi for invono about here to take as it'was. And one house was taken by a shoemaker, a most respect" able- nie; with a wdife and family, who have it now. The other house didn't go off for a bit, and at last they turned it into a hospital, 13iit oe iiniht=it' "ais about Christ mas timo,'I:~emembe., and the vicar preached aboutit, and it cast a d:mp over everything-a poor man that w;lyiog- inii'6de 'of the roo'ms with a broken leg, shrieked out for help. Before the nurse that was in charge could get to the room, however, the poor fellow was dead. It was found that he had- been chokled by a great piece of plaster like that they do "ceilinzgs with. The question ivas Who had done it? There was nobody about 'the house except the nurse, and a woman lying in another room, who was par.lysed, and could not leave her bed. Then again, where did the plaster come from ? There'was no ceiling to any one of the'rooms ; the timbers were just whitewashed, and there was no plaster used, 'so". the piece found in his' throat couild not have fallen from.the roof 'into his douth while he' slept, a snomeone suggested. Well. it wais a' mystoey, and there 'was an end of it, at least, so we thought. Then that room was 'not used ag'gin for a long time.' But: in October of the year after there was a great storm, and' ashipwvrecked crew of a fishing smnack were brought into Rye. There being nobody in .the hospital at the 'time, the poor fellows were put up there. You see, they were. strangers, and had never heard the story. Just picture' to yourself what we all felt 'next day when we found that one of the' men' had died in the night in 'exe'tly the same way as the first. There were- two other men sleeping -in the' room, who were wakened by hearing their comrade choking and gasping for breath. They could just see him'in the darkness,'so they said, struggling with a woman iri black, who waved her arms about over him' and disappeared, leaving him stark dead. ' Never was such a sensation krniown in Rye before or since. The "place was haunted, so everyone said. It was a curious ' thing though, if it was a ghost that did these murders, that a purse which the. sailor' had by his 'pillow, and which held two "sovereigris, had 'disappeared. Of course one of his companions may have stolen it; but then it was they 'who' gave the 'information that he 'had 'this money :upon him. Then the poor people next door were sus pected, :because the attic over the hospital was part' of their premises, hbeiig used by the shoemaker as a store-place: IBut besides that'he and his family were known to be h'ibaest and as harmless as doves, there was no way by which any human being could force :himself' between the rafters. So there the matter ended, and I don't suppose the house 'will over let;again." , :.-Well, I confess that even the excitement of trying-to ferret out thesnystery would hardly tempt me to a place with such associations," saidNed, rising reluctantly from the comfortable arm chair. "But you can tell'me-where I-shall be likely to find a couple of rooms, both very cleand, n one very large, in which I can take up my quarters for two or: threeimonths F" !; Martha:shook her head.'.. •'."You,'had best Stay here, sir, I thiin~"' shie' said. "There are no lodgings that I'know of in' Rye which wouild suit a gentlomanr." S."I shall have 'to find some to suit me -thofgh,". said Ned. ." I can't afford hotels.:-. shall 'be out sketch Sing all day, so it really doesn't much matter:what the" accommodation is like. I must be off:on the tramp to look for them.now, before it is dilark. MIay-I leave mybag here Until I am settled ? -The rest' of my things I left-at the statiom"b " .- : ?Marths · at once gave the. irequired permission; and Ned, taking leave of her and of:the-golden-haired Miss Hennell, went forth reluctantly into the dreary streets of the old town. ,,,It.was already nearly daret, and the .rain wasnoe. falling heavily, rush ing down the steep streets as if they had been only gutters, and' splash ing. up round the unhappy stranger at-every step. He found his search, asda.rtha had predicted, difficualt in deed:;. nobody, seemed to let lodg ings,: at -least nobody.-who looked clean,' and ./who had leers. than six babies. 'Before his wanderings:were over it was so dark that he could not read the names of the streets. At last, however, he saw in a window a card with the .words, "Furnished lodgings, apply at No. S." With some difficulty, for the houses were not numbered, he found No, ?, £.~ bright-oed ToUn? fwoman, with a baby in her. arms, opened the door, and, on learning what" he"wantedi fetched the key, and trotted over to the shut-up house with great alacrity.: As he followed her Ned got a better view o' the exterior of the house, and was delighted by what he saw. Both the shut-up house and the, bne next to it had their upper storeys built of timber; edch room of the two lower storeys was lighted by a lattice window from end to end. Eaich had too pointed everhanging gables, and both were rooced with tiles. The young artist's heart glowed within him i if he had searched for a week he could not have found a dwelling more to his mind. SIHow is it that this splendid old place is shut up ? " he asked, as his conductress turned the key in the lock. " Because there's more houses in Rye than thers~'people to live in 'em, I suppose,''she answered with a laugh, as she led the way through the narrow and bare entrance-passage into a large room on the right. " It's all quite clean," hoe con tinued. " It's me who has charge of the place,and I swept it out only two days ago. Dear, dear, I ought to have brought a light ! If you'll wait hero, sir, I'll fetch one." Ned dill not want to see anything. more b fore making up his mind. Tliegret-low-eoilingod room,..~ith its long window and wide wir.dow seat, its enormous old-fashioned hearth, in which a tiny modern grate looked oddly out of place, were so many irresistible charms to him. The' scantiness of the furni ture did not matter to him; h ie wanted space, air, and light, and these he had in abundance. " Stay," he said, as the woman was running off.' " I shall take the place, if you will get somebody to do my cooking and cleaning, and it yr.u don't want the rent of Bucking ham Palace." The woman shook her head, and laughed again. " What do you say to seven shil lings a week, sir ?" " I should say it was not ruin ous." " And I could do for you myself, sir, if you're not too particular about the cooking." "I'm not. You shall do for me. Will you please begin by making me a fire, and getting me a couple of candles, and lending me a kettle? I'm a very accomplished fellow, and can make my own tea." In less than half an hour Ned had fetched his bag from " The Bull" and the rest of his luggage from the station, and was sitting in the high wooden rocking chair before the 'fire, already wishing that the grato were a little bigger, and that he had a companion in that big room. The picturesque and romantic always have another side-a lone some and uncanny side. There were noises in the rafters; wooden wains coting has a habit of creaking and cracking; old houses have nooks and crannies made for the wind to whistle in. Ned listened to these noises, and to the pattering of the rain on the latticed panes, and wondered whether the street was always as empty and deserted as it seemed to be to-night. Ile had thought he should be so cosy in the wide chim ney corner, but instead he found it draughty enough to make his hair stand on end. At last he got up, and for the first time made a tour of the premises. There were four rooms, two upstairs and two on the ground floor. Ilis sitting room was the only one that contained a fireplace, and only two out of the four could be called furnished. There was no garden, but there was an untidy yard with a huge rain tub at the back of the house. The feeling that. there was some thing gruesome about the place grew stronger upon him as he passed from the one to the other of the upper rooms and heard the wind howling above him. There must surely be an attic overhead, he thought, for the wind to make that noise I And then he remem bered that he had seen from the street the window of a second storey---the one with the gable:. But where was the way up into the attic? There was no staircase, no ladder. And then followed quickly another thought, so ugly, so un welcome that lhe felt wet and cold as it passed through his mind. That old inn," The Meormaid," where the two men had died so mysteriously, had an attic which belonged to the adjoining house I Was this the very house? lie would go over to Mrs. Rudge at No. 3, or, better still, he would go back to " The Bull" and satisfy himself on this point. The next moment, however, he pulled himself together, and scouted these suggestions of weakness. He would not have chosen, certainly, to take up his abode, in a house with such an ugly history as that of " The Mermaid ;" but if he had unwit tingly done so, he was not going to show, funk over It now. Ned re turned to his sitting-room, however, in a much less comfortable frame of mind than that in which he had left it. He tried to keep up his spirits by whistling, and to amuse himself by unpacking and arranging a few books on the shelves, with which the walls of the big room were liberally provided. - But that tock a very short time, and a long evening still remained to he got through. The rain came down more heavily; the wind was growing more boisterous. Ned sat down in his rockinug-chair, tried to get in terested in albook, and finally, being very tired, fell into a doze, during which he was haunted by feverish, fragmentary dreams, in all of which the actual sounds going on around him, the dropping of the ashes from the fire, the cracking of the wains coting, theo:-wind, the rain, and the gnawing of the mice played a part. The candles burned down, to their sockets, and flickered out ; the fire grew low and flameless. Suddenly a burst of cold air swept through the room and awoke him. A cloud.of smoke; bdeten down by thd draught, rushed across from the chimney to the open door, almost blinding Nod, who sprang up from the rocking chair with a cry. There before him, plainly to be seen through the smoke, by. the dull glow of the fire, was the phantom of which he had been dreaming, the plfttom whbch haiunted *i old " Mermnaid "-tlho lady in black with the-waling nrms I (1o rnF. CONTIXFy.D.) 