THE NEW CALEDONIA CABLE llii! L'dljlo fiutwcoii (jiiKtiusliiiid mill New Caledonia w;ui opened for tniliie yesterday morning. Tlio ehai-f;ea from .Sydney to Goinen, in New Caledonia, are iis for 10 worms, ana oa lor eaeli additional word, but lo Noumea the charges urn 9s 8d for 10 words, and lOd ior each additional word, it seems that there is a land charge in New Caledonia oi Jit per word. !1 lie JO words must include the signature and address. A number of messages were yesterday sent from .Sydney to New Caledonia, being chiefly of a congra tulatory character. .Mr. I'. B. \ValUer, Seer'c. tary of .telegraphs, who has been away from .Sydney for about nine weeks in connection witli the laying of the cable, will probably be back on Saturday next. Tub Uxk.mi'Mivkii.— a deputation from (he unemployed, live in number, wailed ui.on | Mi'. G. H. Reid yesterday and 'nsltcf hfiH | lie would endeavor to secure an interview uiLU the 1 rcuuer lo enu-ij<L'i tlp-ii1 cl?' Mr. Rcid consented to see Sir George Dibbs | on tho subject. .Mr. Reid states i|,at i„f„r. Illation comes to him fro,,, nil !/a,d mg mo distress that is prevail,', ,o amongst the working men ami i„ ,i families. The distress, .M,-. J-;,.;,! say.."'!'. | "ssll,1,i,'»fjt Jirepoi'tion that camml be okm j hxved. 11, e question ja ,vl|j(.h j gaiil., as o! national importation. i ( ovi'ua.'TS run I'.wmknt of \y ; Aot.ee has been given in tho Assembly by Mr. Cook oi the iullowing motion 4,Tluit this House will, on Tuesday next, resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider the expediency of bringing in a bill to regn- lato contracts made with ror.peet to, and tho payment of, wages : to prohibit such pay ment being made in goods, or otherwise than in money : ami to regulate the service of legal process." AcitK Pi/run.vi. Srrnr.NTS.— About 20 of tho diploma students of the Hawkcsbury Agricultural College, Richmond, accom panied by tho principal (Mr. J. L. Thomp son) spent a very interesting and educational day yesterday, Thoy left Richmond by tho '7.10 a.m. train to Toongabbie, whoro they spent a very instruct ive Lime at tho prize poultry farm of Mr. Ambrose Hallen. Going on with the 9.45 a.m. goods train, the next stopping-place was Clyde, where some time was spent inspecting t lie agricultural imple ment works of Messrs. Hudson Brothers. The manufacture of ploughs, harrows, scari fiers, strippers,- winnowers, et c., was observed with much interest, and the various opera, (ions fully explained by Mr. Murphy, fore- munof thatbraneh. The party then proceeded to tho Honiebush saleyards, where lhn auc- , tion sales of sheep aud cattle wore watched with keen interest. Afterwards they wen: .met by Mr. O, S. Rot. tie, M.R.G.Y.»S., the veterinary lecturer at the institute, who pointed out. sundry animals siitlering from disorders of various kind. The party re turned to Richmond by the evening train. .hinkk Watuiiwokks.— Ou the motion of Mr. Lyne, tlie Legislative Assembly yester day agreed to the following resolution: — 44 That it is expedient that works of water supply for tlie town of .Inner, as referred by the. Legislative Assembly to the Parliamen tary Standing Committee on .Public Works, be carried out." A bill will now have lo be introduced dealing with this matter. The works will cost about. £45,000, and are to be constructed under the Country Towns Water "Supply Act. Jt is estimated that after pay ing expenses with interest and sinking fund there will be an annual net balance of £250. The work, will be proceeded with as soon as the bill lias been passed. Tub City Council Elkction.— The elec tion of an alderman for Brisbane W ard in the City Council of Sydney, as successor to the late Alderman Benjamin Palmer, took place yesterday. The polling, which v.as commenced et 8 a.m. and concluded at 4 p.m., was conducted in the veslibnlo of tlie Town-hall. The proceedings throughout the day were of a quiet character. There wore four candidates for the vacant seat, namely : — Mr. John Cameron, of Strathlield and 86 .Sussex- street; Mr. Thomas M4Donald Dal" vcen, of 315 George-street ; Mr, Thomas .Henry Dcarin, of Dowling-strcct, Moore Park and Pacific Wharf, Druit.fc- stroeb ; and Mr. Thomas Jessep, of Nmvland-sfcrcet, W'averley, and Barker- street. At twenty minutes to 5 o'clock, when the counting of the ballot papers luul been completed, (ho public were rc-adniitted to the vestibule, and the returniug-otlicer, Mr. W. V. Man ning, Mayor of Sydney, announced the result of the poll to be as follows Caineroi 519; Dalvcen, 63 ; Dcarin, 74 ; Jcssep, 550. Tlie Mayor therefore declared Mr. .lessep elected. The successful candidate warmly returned thanks for his election. Tnu Dekpenixc of Spiritual Life.— As far as Hie delivery of special addresses is concerned, tho labors of the annual conven tion held in connect ion with thu Church of England for the deepening of spiritual life brought its labors to a conclusion last night. The subject dealt wit!: yesterday was 44 Tiie Clmrchin its Teaching on Service." At tlie afternoon session addresses were delivered by the Rev. I). H. Dillon on 44 .Service as an Essential Lo Spiritual Growth," and by the Rev. Henry Martin on 44 The Lord Christ the Example of Service." In the evening an address on 41 The Holy Ghost, the Rower of Service," was given by the Rev. IF. M. Triekett, and tlie Yen. Archdeacon Langloy followed with an address on 44 The Glory of God tho aim oi Service." To-night a united, communion service will be held at St. Peters Woolloomooloo, when a special sermon will be delivered by the Yen. Archdeacon Lang- ley. To-morrow afternoon the usual open- air convention will be held at Middle Harbor, tlie steamer leaving Circular Quay at 2 o'clock. Tiie He v. J. D. Langley will preside, and addresses will be delivered by tlie Von, Archdeacon Langley and other cler gymen. On Sunday afternoon there will be a special service in the Domain. The con vention has been largely attended through out, great earnestness has been displayed, and tlie results have been of a most hopeful character. Rkdffun WT:st on Dahltnoton. — A dis cussion look place in tiie Redfern Council last night with reference to the action of tho Legislative Assembly in the name of 44 Dar lington," an electorate which was formed principally from the Redfern borough. Thu Mayor stated that the council clerk had written, asking the Premier to appoint a date convenient to receive a deputation on tho subject, from the council, but had re. ccived no reply. Ho (tlie .Mayor) had been informed that matters had now gone so far (hat it wuiihl require a special Act to alter tlie name. After some discussion, during which it was suggested that an indignation meeting be called to make a protest, Alder- qnan Lander moved (hat signatures be re ceived from those interested, particularly in the districts of Eveleigh and Golden Grove, who form thu major portion of electors in the electorate, to a petition lo bo prepared for presentation to tho Legislative Council, Loa.sk them, if practicable, to consider the wishes of the majoiity of the electors, and change Hie name bad; to that originally chosen, Redfern W est. Tlio Mayor promised to do all ho could in tlie matt er. iSuieim; of a Haiiuikfssfu. — A luiir dresser named George Britten (36), who lived with his wife at a boarding-house, kept by Mrs. Jaekson, at 115 Albion- street, eom- miltetl suicide yesterday. A pistol shot wus heard by the inmates of thu house about 2 o clock, and, as tin: afternoon wore on, and Britten, whoso room was locked on thu in. sido, did not appear, Constable Orr was called in. .He burst the door open, and found Britten lying dead on his bed. Tho body had a wound in the head and a cut in the right arm, and eloso by there was a six- chambered revolver with one empty curt- ridge and five chambers loaded, an open blood-stained razor, and a bottle which had contained clilorodyno. A letter, addressed to tlie wile of tlie deceased, wusiu the room, stating that he was tired of life. Tlio Permanent Aitiilerv Band will, weather permitting, perform in Hyde Park Payilipu Huij afternoon, commencing at 3 Mr. . telm G. Tr, .seiler will give a leetu on Gardening, at the School of Arts, Ash- held, on Monday evening. Sir Henry Parlies will preside, Tlio Railway Commissioners Km, ln.u| special arrangements and cuiiee-ision- for exemsionists Xo view the beauiiinl scenery OI Ilia Uawkv'sbtiry Rnvi-. 'I'o-inon-ou-, on arrival ot tlio 9 a in train Iran, Sy.lnnv, ami 3.4j a.ni. -ft-oiii Miliums I'oint, at lluwU.s- Imry Kivoi', Urn kIii.-iiiici- I Innm-al ( fin-, Ion will '-'""M'V pasi»"gvrs for a most rnjovaliK. Ol JO mil, on Umrivmt A .similar Ml,, will ""yfa lUTivul o| tin- a.m. train Irom Nyi ney on Sumluy. Rotnrn fare 'A lal and os od. ' 