TfSE STORYTELLER, THE WHITE SEAL. Br 11UDYARD KIPLING. Ih .Two Pabtb. Part I. All these tilings happened several years ago at a place called Novastoshnah, or North-East Point, on the Island of St. Paul, away and away in the liehring Sea. Limmershin the winter-wren told me the tale when he was blown on to the rigging of a steamer going to Japan, and I took him down into my cabin and wanned him and Jed him for a couple of days, till he was fit to lly back to St. Paul's again. Limmershin is a very quaint little bird, but he knows how to tell the troth. Nobody comes to Novastoshnah except on business, and the only people who have business there are the seals. They come in the summer months by hundreds and hundreds of thousands ont of the cold grey sea, for Novastashnah beach has the finest accommodation for seals of any place in all the world.; Sea Catch knew that, and every spring he would swim from whatever place he happened to be in—would swim like a torpedo-boat straight for Novastoshnah, and spend a mouth fighting with his com panions fqr a good place on the rocks as dose to the sea as pos sible. Sea Catch was 15 years old, a huge grey fpr seal, with almost a mane on his shoulders and long wicked dog-teeth. When he heaved himself up on his front flippers he stood uiore than 4ft. dear of the ground, and his weight, if anyone hod been bold enough to weigh him, was nearly 7001b. He was scarred all over with the marks of savage fights, bat be was always ready for just one fight more. He would puthis head on one side as though he were afraid to look his enemy in the face; then he would shoot it out like lightning, and when the big teeth were firm fixedin the other seal's neck the other seal might get away if he oould, hut Sea Catch would not help him. Yet Sea Catch never chased a beaten seal, for that was against the rules of the beach. He only wanted room by the sea for his nursery; but as .there were forty or fifty thousand other seals all hunting for the same tiling each spring, the whistling,' bellowing, roaring, and blowing on the ;beach was something fright ful. From a -tittle hill called Hutchinson's Hill you could look over three miles and a half of ground novered with fighting seuls, and the (Sfipl ^k^iddted all over with the heads of aeolahunying to land and begin their. share. ei .lighting. They fought in the breakers, they fought in the sand, arid they fogatht on the smooth-worn basalt roc^^^^:iaurseries, for they, were just as stupidatad wnaooommodating as men. Their wives jgaige to the island till late fin May or June, for they didn't care ito bet Iwn the young two, three,'pseals who bad not begun housekeeping went inland about half a mib, thof the fighters, and played about>on Ithe eand-dunee in droves and legions, and Jibbed off every single green thing that giwWj.-'They were called the hoi luwhiQlc||^|^i|^^t^t>n-4ad there; were perhaps two or three hundred thousand of fihentMMoviil^i^h'alone. Hehl»^^pWt :&etUed;' his forty-fifth ifight «fclWei£4WUei.: Matkuh, bis soft, nleek4 sentl^f^ ;%iM came up oat of the sea, and he oaught her by the scruff of the [netikand dui)ipt||' |^dbwri on his reserva tion; snyittg, gfs^p ftlaste as nsual i where | ihtM i It waanbt^ ^hlon for Sea Catch to eat ] .) during the four months he ^ srWflr«h knew better thaato answer back, She tooked round and ooeed. " How thoughtful of you ! You've taken the old place again." "I should think I had," said Sea Catch. " Look at me!" He was scratched and bleeding in twenty places. One eye was almost out, and his sides were torn to ribbons. "Oh, you men, you men I" Matkah said, fanning herself with a hind-tlipper. " Why can't you be sensible and settle your places quietly ? You look as though you had been fighting with the Killen whale." "I haven't been doing anything but fight since the middle of May. The beach i9 dis gracefully crowded this season. I've met at least a hundred seals from Lukannon beach, j house-hunting. Why -can't people stay where j they belong?" | " I've often thought we should be much happier if we hauled out at Otter Island in- ] stead of this crowded place," said Matkah. "Bah 1 only the holluschickie go to Otter Island. If we went there they would say we were afraid. We must preserve appearances, my dear." Sea Catch sunk his head proudly between his fat shoulders and pretended to go to Bleep for a few minutes, but all the time he kept a Bhorp look-out for a fight. Now that all the seals and their wives were on land you could hear their clamour miles out to sea above the loudest gales. At the lowest counting there were over a million seals on the beach—old seals, mother seals, tiny babies and holluschickie, fighting, scuffling, bleating, crawling, and playing together going down to the sea and coming up from it in gangs and regiments, lying over every foot of ground as far as the eye could reach and skirmishing about in brigades through the fog. It is nearly always foggy at Novas toshnah, except when the sun comes out and makes everything look all pearly and rain bow-coloured for a little while. Kotick, Matkah's baby, was born in the middle of that confusion, and he was all head and shoulders, with pale watery blue eyes, as tiny seals must be, but there was something about his coat that made his mother look at him very closely. "Sea Catch," she said at last, "our baby's ] going to be white !" "Empty clam-shells and dried sea-weed<" snorted Sea Catch. "There never has been su;h a thing in the world as a white seal." " I can't help that," said Matkah, " there's going to be now;" and she sang the low crooning seal-song that all mother seals sing to their babies:— Tou mustn't swim tin you're six weeks old Or your bead will be wink by your heels; And summer-Kales and killer-whales Are bad lor baby seals. Of course the little fellow did not under stand the wonts at first He paddled and scrambled about by his mother's side, and learned to scuffle out ot the way when his father was fighting with another seal, and the two rolled and roared up and down the slippery rocks. Matkah used to go to sea to get things to eat, and the baby was only fed once in two days, hut then he ate all he could, and throve upon it. The first thing he did was, to crawl inland, and there he met tens of thousands ot babies of his own age, and they played together like puppies, went to sleep on the sand, and played again. The old people on the nurseries took no notice of them, and the holluschickie kept to their own grounds, and the babies had a beautiful time. When Matkah came back from her deep-sea fishing she would go straight to their play-ground and call as a sheep calls for a lamb, and wait till she heard Kotick bleat. Then she would take the straightest of straight lines in his direction, striking out with her fore-flippers, and knocking the youngsters head over heels right and left There were always a few hundred mothers hunting tor their children through the ploy grounds, and the babies were kept lively; but as Matkah told Kotick, "So long as you don't lie in muddy water and get mange, or get the hard sand into a cut or scratch, and so long ss you never go swimming when there is a heavy sea on, nothing will hurt you." Little seals can no more swim than little children, but they are unhappy till they lenrn. The fiist time that Kotick wentdown to the Bea a wove carried him out beyond his depth, and lii3 hig head sank and his little hind-toppers flew up exactly as bis mother had told him in the song,-and if the next wave had not thrown him back again he would have drowned. After that he learned to lie in a beach-pool and let the wash of the waves just cover him and lift him up while he paddled, hut he always kept an eye open for big waves that might hurt. He was two weeks learning to use his toppers, aud all that time he floundered in apo~outpf-,the water, and laughed,audgranted* andotawted. upthe beach, and took cat-ptipat'bn the sand and went back again, till:at last he found* that he belonged In the' then yon can imagine the times he had With his companions, trucking the rollers, or coming in otKtffle top/km a comber, and landing with a strash and '* splutter asthe big wave wentWhi the beach, or standing up on h scratching his head as the old people i . playing " I'm the King of :tbe Castle" on slippery weedy looks that just stuck out of the water. Now and then he wou|d aee a thin fin like a big shark's fin, drifting along close to shore* arid he knew that that'was the killer-whale—the Grampus—who eats young heals when he can get them, arid Kotick would head for thebe&ch; like an arrow,'arid the fin would move away slowly ae if it were loCWng for ribthlng at alL Haul's for tbe deepoe* by fan^in and tribes, audthsre was norootofighting over the nurseries, and (the holtnanhiokie played any w here they lUtad, Nextyear," said Matkah to Kotickn VfW wjll be a hoUuschickj but this year you must learn how to cateh fish." :They set fl^ther anrnaa the Pacific, una Matkah showed Kotick how to ileep on his bonk withbUi fiippefa irioked down by his side and his iittle noee just out of water. No cradle is po mfemfortthle aathe>long rqclriRg ■well <ri tho Baoifia ; When Kotick delt his skin tingleoU-over, Matkah told himhe was l*aming;thw''leri /of the water," that <tinglp v&k;*T ieehngs meant had' weather coming, and he must swim, hard and get away from it " In a little time," she said, "you'll know where to swim to: but just now we'll follow Sea Pig, for he is veiy wise." A shoal of porpoises were ducking and tear ing through the water, and little Kotick fol lowed them as fast as he could. "How do you know where to go?" he panted. The leader of the shoal rolled his white eye and ducked under. " My tail tingles, youngster," he said. " That means there's a gale behind me. Come along. When you're south of the sticky water (he meant the equator), and your tail tingles, that means there's a gale in front ot you, and you must head north. Come along. The water feels bad here." This was one of very many things that Kotick learned, mid he was always learning. Matkoh taught him to follow the cod and the halibut along the under-sea banks and wrench the rocklingout of his hole amongthe weeds: how -to skirt the wrecks lying a hundred fathoms below water and dart like a rifle [ bullet into one port-hole and out at another as the fishes ran ; liow to dance on the tops of the waves when the lightning was racing all over the sky; and wave his flipper politely to the stumpy-tailed albatross and the man-of-war hawk as they went down wind; how to jump three or four feet cleat of the water like a dolphin, flippers close to the side and tail curved ; to leave the flying fish alone because they are all bony ; to take the shoulder piece out of a cod at full speed 10 fathoms deep, and never to stop and look at a boat ot a ship—but particularly a tow boat. At the end of six months what Kotick did not know about deep-sea fishing was not worth the knowing, and all that time he never set flipper on dry ground. One day, however, as he was lying half asleep in the warm water Bomewhere off the island of Juan Fernandez, he felt faint and lazy all over, just as humara people do when the spring is in their legs, anl he remem bered the good firm beaches of Novnstoshnoh, 7,000 miles away, the games that his com panions played, and the smell of the seaweed, the seal roar and the fighting, 'fhat very minute he turned north, swimming steadily, aud as he went on he met scores of his mates, nil hound for the same place, and they said, "Greeting! Kotick! This year we are all holluschickie, and we can dance the fire dance in the breakers off Lukannon, and play on the new grass. But, where did you get that coat I" Koliok's fur was almost pure white now, and though he felt very proud of it he only said, " Swim quickly! My hones are aching for the land." And they all came to the beaches where they had been born, and heard the old seals, their fathers, fighting in the rolling mist. That night Kotick danced the fire-dance with the yearling seals. The sea is full of fire on summer nights all the way down from Novastoshnah to Lukannon, and each seal leaves a wake like burning oil behind him and a flaming flash when he jumps, and the waves breaK in great phosphorescent streaks and swirls. Then they went inland to the holluschickie grounds, and rolled up and down in the new wild wheat, and tola stories of what they had done while they had keen at sea. They talked about the Pacific as boys talk about a wood that they have been nutting in, and if anyone had understood them he could have gone away and made such a chart of that ocean as never was. Then the three and four year old holluschickie romped down from Hutchin son's hill crying, "Outof the way, youngsters! The sea is deep, and you don't know all that's in it yet. \Vait till you've rounded the Horn. Hi. you yearling! Where did you get that white coat !** " I didn't get it," said Kotick, " it grew and just as he was going to roll the speaker over a couple of black-haired men with flat red faces came from liehind a sand dune, and Kotick, who liad never seen a man before, coughed and spat and lowered his head. The holluschickie just bundled off a few yards and sat staring stupidly. The men were no less than Kerick Booterin, the first chief of the seal-hunters on the island, and Patalamon, his son. They came from the little village not half a mile from Hie seal nurseries, and they were deciding what seals they should drive up to the killing-pens—for the seals were driven just like sheep—to be turned into sealskin jackets later on. "Ho!" said Patalamon. "Look! there's a white seal!" Kerick Booterin turned nearly white under his oil and smoke, for he was an Aleut, and Aleuts are not clean people. Then he began to mutter a prayer. Don't touch him, Patalamon. 1 here has never been a white seal since—since 1 was bom. Perhaps it is old Zaharrofs ghost. He was lost last year in the big gale." " I'm not going near him "said Patalamon. " He's unlucky. Do you really think he is old Zaharrof come back* I owe him for some gulls' eggs. *' Don't look at h im,* said Kerick. " Head off that drove of four-year-olds. The men ought to skin 200 to-day, but its the begin ning of the season, and thev are new to the work. A hundred will do. Quick!" Patalamon rattled a pair of seal's shoulder blades in front of~a nerd of holluschickie, and they stopped dead, puffing nnd blowing. Then he stepped near, and the seals began to move, and Kerick headed them 'inland, and they never tried to get back to their com panions. Hundreds and hundreds of thou sands of seals watched them being "driven, hut they went on playing just the same. Kotick was the only one who asked'Ques tions, and. none of hiq companions could tell him anything except that the men always drove seals in that way for six weeks of every year. " I am going to follow,"he said, and his eyes nearly popped out of his-head shfce shuffled along in thewake of the herd. v" T'lie white seal W coming after us," cried ftdAliimon. " That's the tint ttme t ^sl hatt' idver come to the killing-grounds alone." • • • /VHUsli. Don't look behind you^ said " It is Zaharrofs gpet!' I most tjp«k to the priest about this. • * a : The drive to the kUUngdttbtmd was only half a mile, but ittooknn Hoar, because If the seals went too hast Kerick knew that they would get heated, nnd then their fur wotdd iee vthen they Were Skinned, very slowly.past Sea Morft Neeik, psstWebStef-botose, till theyteameAo the Salt-houtoi just beyond thestebtOftbe aeals oh the heath. Kotick followed,- panting and wonderihg. He thought that-he at the wotidb end, butthe roar Jiff thewal nurseries 'behind him Pounded afctopdas the rose ofe.train inatmuirt. Then Keriokss* down oh1 the mbwl -pnd pnlied out: a htsip pewter watoh.end letrthe drove cool off for Sirtytamntes, snd Kottck ooapl hear the leg ww drippitig Off the hran of his Btp. Tbenteh or twelSe . lofthe^oto Whboohot, dndthftote* Hokedthoeenshte with thrir^hea^y^oQ*. S£ij».«>n the . «idnuteU4atetHttteKoth^M■i'^*l:^J1",■* I Us friends any mete,***' ripped off from the nose to the hind flippers —whipped off and thrown down on the ground in a pile. That was enough for Kotick. lie turned and galloped (a seal can gallop very swiftly for a short time; back to the sca, his little new moustache bristling with horror. 