A TALE OF DELIVERANCE. A sultry noontide hung heavy over the brilliant city. The parched earth, the sun-baked roofs, the withering flowers, cried to heaven for moisture ; but heaven's blue remained unrelieved by so much as the lightest cloud, and men and women hid themselves within the houses, or in the shadow of the . massive buildings, and looked with searching, pitiful anxiety one upon another, for each knew that that brilliant sunshine was adding victims every day to the Dark Angel who was passing from house to house with silent tread and fatal message. Edith Freemantle passed this last of many euch noontides in stupefied inaction. Her throbbing brain refused to work out the problem of how she, friendless and alone in that city of the plague, was to eacape therefrom. A fortnight before she had entered it gaily with her travelling companion, meaning to stay only a night or two on their way homewards. But suddenly Death stepped in, and made the place his own so suddenly that none had time to escape before the strictest quarantine rules were issued. Then Edith's companion fell a victim to her featB, and the English girl was left absolutely alone. Would it be her turn next? she wondered, •with the ghost of a smile on her lips; and, the long hours crept by, the panorama of her lifespread itself before her memory. They bore a curious resemblance to each other, those pictures of her past, in that though representing many varied sceneB and ever-changing groups of figures, yet the central form, Edith Fremantle, stood always alone—an orphan, a ward in Chancery, a girl student, a beautiful, wealthy debutante—and there was none who seemed close to her, none who laid a caiess upon her fair head, or shared her secret thoughts. She passed them in review one by one, somewhat wearily. A lonely death in a strange land might seem a fitting ending for such.a life. But there was one more scene to look upon— a winter scene, a soft firelight, a shadowy background, and only one other beside herself. Was it worth remembrance, since she had refused him, not in open language, but so unmistakably that his love had faded into indifference? His veiled proposal, spoken indolently, quietly, as suited the man ; her refusal, pointed, keen, full of a strange impatience—why did she recall it so vividly? Why had she spoken those words and sent him from her ? And the reason was plain to ber now as then. She liked him, perhaps loved him, but he failed her. The passionate impulses of her being were checkcd by his imperturbable calm. She, who would fain have had her own powers tried to the utmost, who felt within herself the faculty of martyrdom if need be, was thwarted and repelled by his indolence, his refusal to look on life as anything but a more or less interesting play. And so he had gone away, taking his dominating presence from her life, and left it with a drop of bitterness to flavor its insipidity. Sultry noon gave place to sultry eve, and Edith could bear the silence no longer. At ber call, the Spaniard who had been her courier for Borne months, brought her some cooling drink, and tried in his foreign fashion to express his sympathy. The girl listened as in a dream to his well-meant efforts, and thanked him gently. " Ah ! the good god sends us evil days ; but the good days come. Will the Senorita walk down to the seal The breath of heaven blows cooler there than in the city." " I do not care to walk this evening," said Edith. How then employ the hours V " In doing nothing," she replied bitterly. " I have nothing to do." " The Senorita will pardon me if I tell her that we have a proverb : ' The devil tempts all men; but an idle man tempts the devi!.'" Edith flushed. " What do you mean ?" she questioned. The Spaniard moved about the room, let in some of (hi soft evening light, and replied carelessly : " The house is silent; silence gives birth to fear. The sea has always a message for those who listen." Something in the man's manner roused Edith'8 curiosity. " What message oi hope could the sea bring me ?" " The Senorita knows the Monte Evitar? One seas far to the south, and to-night the south wind blows. There is a cloud gathering where the Bea meets the sky ; but the sky travels not so fast as the white wings of a ship. It is a pretty fight—better than the deserted streets and gardens. The Senorita will do well to walk on the Monte Evitar." " What do ships matter to me ? Can they help me to escape from this terrible place ? Could I break through the cordon which keeps us prisoners? And, even were that possible, what ships would dare to put in here ?" " It is true," replied the Spaniard, " Shall I prepare some food ? It is long since breakfast." The calmness of the man, the tacit acknowledgment of her hopeless position, affected Edith painfully. Life, after all, was sweet; it held possibilities of happiness even to her. She would not have shrunk from martyrdom ; but to die like a rat in a trap {—oh, it was horrible. " Tell me, is there no way 1 Can yon give me no hope ? I must, I will escape." " The Englishman's arm'reaches far ; his heart is strong, his will is iron ; and the south wind blows to-night." " Speak plainly," exclaimed Edith, and her voice trembled. " What is it I am to do ? What do you know ? What Englishman is this you speak of?" "The Senorita will perhaps know the writing;'" and, so speaking, Carlo put a letter in the girl's hand. It was short and cold; but as Edith read it the tears gathered in her eyes, 8nd a delicate flush mounted to her pale cheeks;— " I have heard that jrotz are in that plagne. stricken hole, and alone. If yon with to escape from it, and will trust me, l think I wb help yon. It is a plan which needs some courage, I fancy you will be the better pleased. Should yoi feel inclined to make the attempt, hring Carlo with yon to tho Monte Evitar at 10 o'clock to-night.—Ebmokd Holmes." It wa3 some minutes bef<>re Miss Fremantle could command her voice sufficiently to question Carlo regarding this missive, but eventually he confessed that the day they landed in Spain he had met the English milord, who had asked many questions, and that two days since he had made so bold as to write and tell him of the Senorita's misfortune. "The good God has sent him ; he will save us," added the Spaniard, who watched Edith's face narrowly. " He will save us—perhaps," answered Edith. "You will go with me to-night, Carlo?" An affirmative answer could be relied upon, and the slight preparations for their flight were soon made. With beating heart Edith followed her guide to the appointed place, and eventually stood on the verge of the frowning cliff. Straining her eyes over the sea, she could indeed discern the faint phantom vision of a small ship standing out some distance from the shore. How was that to help her ? There, seemed nothing but silent desolation around her, and below her only the roar of the sea. A feeling of dread overpowered her. Was the Spaniard playing a trick 1 She was helpless as a child, and, like a child, grew afraid of the darkneBs. Edmund Holmes—was it, after all, likely that he, the indolent, comfort-loving man of pleasure, should put himself to any risk just in order to befriend one who had more than once expressed a lofty scorn of his easy nonchalance? As the thought took shape he stood beside her. " Good evening, Miss Fremantle; I am glad yon have come." The hand which she gave him trembled in his own firm clasp. " How did you come ? Is it yourself, or am I in a dream 1" " If there had been a little more light you wonld have seen me. But these cliffs are the worst I've scaled yet, and took me longer than I thought." Edith looked down shuddering. She knew that he had risked his life for her, and yet he spoke as coolly as he had done in the firelit room long ago. " We have no time to lose, Carlo," he continued. "There is a Btorm brewing. You will go first, and the Senorita will follow." Carlo crossed himself, and muttered an Ave between his teeth. " I am ready, Signor. Is the rope fast?" " Both here and at the other end. Stay, you will take this other rope with you. When you reach the bottom you will give it a tug. Then pull it very gradually, for I shall fasten it round the Senorita, and hold the other end mys4f. You understand ?" "I understand. May Heaven protect us 1" And so he vanished into the darkness. Edmund turned to the girl at his side. "Does it seem to you too great a risk? Would you rather go back ?" " I will not go back. Better death here than there!" The words confounded him. To him, a man strong and clear- headed, the risk ot the descent by means of the rope was as nothing; the danger had been in scaling the ctiff to begin with: but for the first time he realised fully what it might be to a delicately-natured woman, and the sense of her danger unnerved bitn tor the moment. Her next words augeted him unreasonably. " I thank you for the trouble you have taken, and the risk you have run. It was very good of you, and I am more than grateful." " For Heaven's sake stop!" he cried, and it was tbe first time she had heard his voice thrill with passion. " Do you suppose I was going to leave you there without an effort to save you ?" "Why not ? My life is nothing as compared with yours." " You were once oi opinion that my life was a round of wasted days." " I was wrong—and yel not altogether/ she replied softly. " No, Edith, not altogether. But if you had trusted me " Then came the tug at the rope. " Carlo is safe. Are you willing to go?" She signified assent, and he buckled under her arms a strong canvas band attached to the second rope. " Carlo will draw you to him, and I shall have the other end, and lower you gradually. The first rope is made fast be low, and yon must cling to it hand over hand to keep yourself from swinging against the cliff." Then he added gentlv, " There seemed no other way, dear. Forgive me if it seems too dangerous." " It is you who must forgive me. I was vain, foolish, headstrong. I did not know you." For all answer he pressed her hands passionately to his lips. « We must hurry Be brave, Edith, and all will be well." Oh, the rush oi water beneath her, the darkness, and the sense of fighting the empty air ! Slowly, slowly she made the descent, her little hande cut by the wet rope, her brain struggling gallantly to keep clear. And all the time ber chief thought was that she was going further from her lover. Lower and lower yet, and he so far above. The tension was becoming almost too great, when suddenly her feet touched the rock, and Carlo's hands were busy uudoing the belt. "Quick, senorita!" he cried. "Get into the boat, and have all ready j the clouds come fast." The injunction was a godsend to her, for it gave her no time to think till Holmes had also accomplished the descent. They pushed off without further delay, the two men pulling for dear life. The risk was now at its greatest, though Edith fancied the worst was over, for the storm was indeed advancing rapidly, and every instant Edmund fancied the yachi's lights grew fainter. Not a word was uttered— strength and skill were tried to the utmost. It was a race, fast becoming a desperate one. The muttering of the storm, the loud growl of the thunder, was to the Englishman as the sound of doom. His soul was swayed by the strongest emotion. The full force of his love came to him almost as a revelation ; he fought with it, fought with tbe terror that accompanied it, for ha knew that, if once the dread of losing her overmastered him, his very physical efforts would be paralysed. In calm defiance of the elements lay his only chance, and he tet his will the ta6k of ignoring her very presence ; while the boat sprang forward in answer to his powerful strokes, and seemed to strain through the angry waves like a sentient being. And how was it with Edith ? At firstshe was possessed with a sense of exhilaration. He was near her, and, with a woman's unconscious belief in tbe omnipotence of her 1 jver, she trusted to him completely, and felt no fear. Darker and darker grew the laden sky, louder and louder the roar of the conflicting elements—she could no longer see the figures in the beat. Then she leant forward: " We are in great danger \" " Nothing but the mercy of God can save us now 1" he answered hoarsely. " I want to tell you," she said, and he heard her voice above the storm, " I loved you then—I have loved you ever since. I wonld rather die like this with vou than live a lifetime without your love." Darkness and danger around them, but the light of love, the love divine, in their souls. " My darling JI will save you yet* he cried. Hark 1 the sound of men's voices calling loudly. It was Carlo's crying of joy which answered them. A little more struggling, a little clever handling of the boat, some moments of terrible suspense; flashing lights, willing hands, strong arms eager to help, and then at last cheer upon cheer, a heartfelt " Thank God \" then the swinging round of the yacht, and a gallant plunge, as, head before the wind, she leaped onward, like a greyhound from the leash. A night of anxiety and watchfulness, dawn of gratitude and peace, and finally a bright, sunny morning; and the good breeze, making way gladly for the shores of Eng- land.— London World. 