THE FLYING DUTCHMAN'S WIFE. A SKETCH OF THE EARLY DAYS AT WOODS POINT. (From the Argus.) CHAPTER II The old pack horse that had the honour of carrying Mrs German Harry into the Point had saved the ghost of a gallop for the avenue, and with one ear pricked forward and one backward he led the packers troop at what he con- sidered a trot along the sidling to the Reefers' Rest, where a couple of hundred diggers had assembled as a kind of reception committee. The cheers that greeted the lady echoed and re-echoed up the right and left hand branches of the Goulburn, finally dying away in the Matlock spurs. A gin case was brought and planted by the side of the old horse, and a dozen strong sinewy arms assisted Mrs German Harry from the steed that she had stridden for over a fortnight. The greeting was rough, but they were hearty. "Glory be the hivens, ma'm, but its a purty uneasy ride yez had." " Will you take a drop of anything, missus?" " It's the bould woman, ye are, to face them ranges, inyway." "My oath, you're a stunner. and no mistake." "Shake flippers, ere's more power to your elbow. It's the prood woman ye are the day, mistress, - and more to the same purpose. Mrs German Harry was quite overwhelmed with her reception, and thanked the " bhoys' for their purty compliments and dacent behaviour," which sentiments were cheered with " tigers" added, and were again repeated when she took " the last taste in life in a toombler of that seductive fluid known as JDKZ, handed to her by "Good Day Dick," and with my best respects to yez all," swallowed it without so much as winking the other eye. " By Gob," exclaimed Big Josh, after Mrs Harry had retired to fix herself up a bit, " by Gob"—and he brought his fist down on the store counter with such force as to make the bar of soap used as a cribbage-board jump a foot high—" if she aint a real fizzer. Drinks round again, boss, my shout. The best in the house. Give it a name, boys, and give us the scales, old man," and, pulling out his chamois leather bag, he weighed out an ounce and a half of gold in payment for the round." All day long the diggers continued to roll in from the claims to the Point for the purpose of seeing the "petticoat" and of hearing a woman's voice again. From the Frenchman's Came "Long Adam," " Little Jimmy,'" and " Cockney Tom." They brought with them 90oz. of gold, the result of their last " washing up." After laying in stores the rest, was ear-marked for a spree at the ball. "Joe the Victim," " Wrong to Blazes Bob," " Yackandandah Jim," and some two dozen others represented the left hand branch of the Goulburn. A score of men came down from Matlock (it was called Emerald Hill at that time) who hadn't been on to the Point for months. Great yellow-bearded giants most of them, with burnt arms, blue eyes, and bronzed faces. As they trampled over the frozen snow along the mountain's side, shouting the rattling chorus of some rousing song, they could be heard for a mile away. There were sluicers from "Gaffney's," " the B.B.," "Raspberry." " Lyre Bird," " Swampy," and even " The Jordan" and " Jericho" sent a few representatives. They brought with them empty " tucker bags," and picks that needed pointing, and each man had his "shammy" pretty well stocked with good gold that honest plugging had won from the yellow soil in creek, point, and gully. The short winter day had closed down, and the Point was alive with lights that made big stars on the clear frosty air and threw long white shafts across the jewelled snow. The pack horse bells on the ranges kept up a monotonous clanging as the animals hunted for stray blades of grass or shook the falling flakes from their backs. The short, sharp bark of the wild dog, driven to within coo-ee of the township by stress of weather, could be heard distinctly by those who knew his yelp, uttered however low. Roaring fires built with huge logs that took two men to roll to their places in the immense chimneys, burnt in most huts, and male every crack in the shingle roofs and slab sides a line of ruddy light. The sound of regular beat of the step dancer on the hard wood floor could be plainly heard. In a big bark shanty just across the left hand branch singing was going on, and the air was so clear and crisp that the words could be heard with great distinctness. It was a song very much in favour with the miners at that period. Two of its verses ran thus :— " When the moon has climbed the, mountains and the stars are shining bright, My horse I will saddle and away, For we'll duff the squatters in the middle of the night, And the calves we will brand ere the day. Oh! it's then, my little calf, at the squatter we will laugh, For he'll never be your owner anymore. For you're running, running, running, on the duffer's piece of ground. Free selected on the Eumerulla shore The time written of the last great boom of shallow-sinking in Victoria, and Young Wood's Point seemed to have a future before it as bright as the great round moon that had just cleared the dark clive mass of trees on Timbertop. The supply of the metal bade fair to be inexhaustible. There was but to strip the earth till the white and yellow clay was reached, and pick it in lumps from its bed. It danced on the ripple of every sluice-box and long Tom, and sparkled in every cradle and tin-dish. There was but to win it, to spend it, and work for more. No thought for the morrow in those times. Who talks about it running out? Who said it won't last for ever? That same day the hand will be stretched to seize it but in vain ; that barren reefs and barren gutters will meet the miner at every turn, until im- poverished and disheartened, he shoulders his blankets and turns his back on the empty treasure-chest. Who says this? Some fool who mutters that he's seen it all before. An infernal croaker, who wants dipping in the creek for having the cheek to talk his silly crakle to grown-up men with a boundless heritage in the great ranges round about them. "Our faults no tenderness should ask, The chastening stripes must cleanse them, But for our blunders - oh! in shame Before the eyes of heaven we fall. "Earth bears no balsam for mistakes ; Men crown the knave and scourge the tools That did his will, but Thon, O Lord, Be merciful to us poor fools." (To be continued.) 