[?] DAYS THE IVIUTiWY A MILITARY J3TORY. J3;y' Gr. . , Author op "TKeCurso of Carue's Hold," Tho Plaguo Ship," " With Clive in India," ; . "A Hidden Foe," &o.; (iXB QUEENSLAND BiaitTS RESERVED. V'':1';. CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) All' felt better anil more cheerful after . having takensome coffee. 'It is difficult to believe, Miss Hannay,' Richard said, that this is all rosl and not a sort of picnio or an early start on a hunting expedition.' 4 It is, indeed, Mr. Richards. I can hardly believe even now that it iB all true, and have ninehed mvBelf two or three times to make sure that I am uwake.' f If -the villains venture to attack us,' Wilson said, 'I feel sure we shall beat them off handsomely.9 4 I have no doubt we shall, Mr. Wilson, especially as it will be in daylight. You know you and Mr. Richards are not famous for night shooting.' " The young men both laughed. 4 We shall never hear the last of that tiger Btory, Miss Hannay. I can tell you it is no joke shooting, when you have been sitting cramped up on a tree for about . Bix hours. We ore both pretty good shots — of courso I don't mean like the doctor, but we always make good soores with the targets. Come, Richards, here is another lot of things. If they go on at this rate, the sepoys won't find much to loot in the bungalows to-morrow.' Just as duy light was breaking, the ser vants were all called together and given the choico of staying or leaving. Only some eight or ten, all of whom belonged to the neighbourhood, chose to go off to their villages. The rest declared they would stay with their masters. Two of tho party by turns had been on watch all night on the terrace to listen for any sound of tumult on the lines, but all had gone on quietly. Bathurst had been working with the others all night, and after Beeing that all his papers were carried to the court-house, he had troubled but little about his own belongings, but had assisted the others in bringing in their goods. At daylight the major and his officers mounted and rode quietly down towards the parade ground. Bathurst and Mr. Hunter, with several of the servants, took their places at the gates in readiness to open and close them quickly, while the doctor and the other Europeans went up to" the roof, where they loaded and placed in readiness six guns each, from the store in the court-house. Isobel Hannay and the wives of two captains were too anxious to remain below, and went up to the roof also. The dootor took his place by them, examining the lines with a field-glass. The officers halted when they reached the parade ground, and sat on their horses in a group, waiting for the men to turn out as usual. 4 There goes the assembly,9 tho dootor . said, as the notes of the bugle came to, their ears. 4 They even are turning out of their tonts. There, I con make out Forster, ho has just mounted, a plucky fellow that.9 Instead of straggling out on to the parade ground as usual, the sepoys seemed to hong about their tents. The cavalry mounted and formed up in their lines. Suddenly a gun was fired, and as if at the signal, the whole of the infantry .ruBhed forward towards the nffioers, yell- ing and firing; and tho latter at once turned their horses and rode towards the 'courthouse. 4 Don't be alarmed, my dear,' the dootor , said to Jsobel. 4 1 don't suppose anyone is hit. The sepoys are not shots at tho 'best of times, and firing running they would not be able to hit a haystack at > a hundred yards. The cavalry stand firm you Bee,' he said, turning his glaBB in that direction. 'Forster is haranguing them. There, threo of the native officers , are riding up to him. Ah ! Ono has fired at him ! Missed ! Ah ! That is a bettor shot,' as the man fell from hiB . horse, from a shot from his . captain's pistol. The other two rushed at him. One ho out down, and tho other Bhot. Then he could be seen again, shouting and waving his sword to the men, but their yells eonld he heard as thoy rode forward at him. 4 Ride, man, ride,9 the dootor shouted, , although his voice could not have been heard at a quarter of the distance. But instead of turning Forster rode light at them. There was a confused melee for a moment, and then his figure appeared beyond the line, through which he had broken. With yells of fury tho troopers reined in their horses, and tried to turn them, but before they could do so the officer was upon them again. His V x revolver o'raoked in his left hand, und his Bword flashed in his right. Two or ; three horses and men were seen to roll . ; over, and in a moment he was through them again and riding at full speed for the court-house, under a scattered fire ' from the infantrv, while the horsemen, . . now in a contused mass, galloped bohind him. > 4 Now then,9 the dootor shouted, pioking up his rifle; 4 let thena know. we are , within . range, but mind lyou' don't hit Forster. Fire two or throe shots, and then run down to the gate. He is > well . mounted and has a good fifty yards' start i- of them.' Then taking deliberate aim he fired. ;; The othors followed his example. - '..Threo .of the troopers dropped from their horses. . . Three times thoso on the terrace fired, and then ran down, each at tho dootor's order, taking two guns with him. Ono ' i of these was placed in tho hands of eaoh ' of tho officers who. had just, ridden. inj and they then gathered rqund the ate. In ; two minutes Foreterirodo in, at. full speed, « - then 15 muskets flashed'; out/ and several of the pursuers fell from their horses.' A i minute later tho gate was olosed and I barred, and the men all rati up to the i roof from whioh their . muskets were Bred i simultaneously. V- < ' Well done,' the dootor exolaimed. i ' That is a good beginning.' A minute later a brisk fire was opened i from the terrace upon, the cavalry, who . at bnce.turncd and rode rapidly bask to i their lines. .... . i Captain Forster had not come scathless through the fray, his cheek had been laid < open by a sabre cut, and a musket ball lmd gone, through tho fleshy part of his : arm as he rode back. ' This comeB of fighting when there is : no occasion,' the dootor growled, when he dreosed his wounds. 'Here you are ; charging a host like paladin of old, forget- . ful that we want every man who. can lift an arm in defence of thiB place.' ".' I think, dootor, there is someone else wants your services more than I do.' ' Yes ? Is anyone else hit.9 ' ' No, I don't know that, anyone else is hit, doctor, but as I turned to come into the house after tho gates were shut, there was that fellow Bathurst leaning against the wall as white as a sheet and shaking all over like a leaf. I should say a strong dose of Dutch coucin would be the best medicine there.' 'You do not do justice to Bathurst, Captain Forster, '.the doctor said gravely. ' Ho is a man I esteem most highly. In some respects he is the bravest man ! know, but he is constitutionally unable to stand noise, and the sound of a gun is torture to him. It is an unfortunate idiosynoraoy for whioh he is in noway accountable.9 'Exceedingly unfortunate, I should say,' Forster said with a dry laugh. ' Especially at times like this. It is rather unlucky for him that fighting is generally accompanied by noise. If I had Buoh an idiosynoraoy, as you call it, I would blow out my brains.' ' Perhaps Bathurst. would do so, too, Captain Forster, if he hod not more brainB to blow out than somo people have.9 ' That is sharp, doctor,9 Foreter laughed good-temperedly. 4 1 don't, mind a fair hit.' _ 4 Well, I must go,' the dootor said,, somewhat mollified ; 4 there is plenty to do, and I expect, after these follows have held a council of war, they will be trying an attack.' When the dootor went out he found the whole of the garrison busy. The major had placed four men on .ho roof, and had ordered everyone else to fill tho bags that had been prepared for the pur pose with earth from the garden. It was only an order to the men and male ser vants, but the ladies had all gone out to render their assistance. As fast as tho natives filled the bags with earth the ladies sewed up the mouths of the bags, and the men carried them away and piled them against the gato. The garrison consisted of the six mili tary officers, the doctor, seven civilians, ten ladies, eight children, 38 male servants, and six females. . The woik, therefore, went on rapidly, and in the course of two hours so large a pile of .bags was built up against the gate that there was no probability whatever of its being forced. 4 Now,9 the major said, 4 we want four dozen bags at leaBt for the parapet of the terrace. "We need not raise it all, but we must build np u breastwork two bags high at each of the angles.9 There was only just time to accomplish this when one of the watch on the roof reported that tho sepoys were firing the bungalows. As soon as they saw that the Europeans officers had gained the shelter of the courthouse the sepoys, with yells of triumph, had made for the houses of the Europeans, and their disappointment at finding that not only had all the whites token refuge in the courthouso, hut that they had removed moBt of their property, vented itself in setting fire to the build ings, after stripping them of everytbing, and then they amused themselves by keeping np a straggling fire against the courthouse. As soon as tho bags were taken on to the roof, the defenders, keeping under the shelter of the two parapets, carried them to the corners of tho terrace, and piled them two deep on the parapet, thus forming a breastwork 4 feet high. Eight of the best shots were then chosen,, and two of them took post at each corner. 4 Now,9 the dootor said cheerfully, as he sat behind a small loop-hole that had been left between the bags, 4 it is our turn, and I don't fanoy we shall waste as much lead as you have been doing.' The firo ftom the defenders was slow, but it was deadly, and in a very short time the sejpoys no longer dared to show themselves m the open, but took refuge behind trees, whence they endeavoured to reply to the fire on the roof, but even this proved so dangerous tbat it was not long before the fire ceased altogether, and they drew off under cover of tho smoke from the burning bungalows. Isobel Hannay had met Bathurst as he was carrying a sack of earth to the roof. ' I have been wanting to spoak to you, Mr. Bathurst, ever Binoe yesterday even ing, but you have never given me nn opportunity. Will you step into the storeroom for a'few minuteB as you come down ?' As he came down he went to the door of the room in which Isobel was standing awaiting him. 4 1 am not coming in, Miss Hannay. I believe I know what you are going to say. I saw it in your face last night when I had to toll that tiger story. . Y ou want to say that you are sorry you said that you despised cowards. Do not say it ; you were perfectly right; you oannot despise me one-tenth fs much as I despise mysolf. While you wore looking qt the mutineers from the roof I was leaning against the wall below well nigh fainting. What do you think my feelings must be that here, where every man is brave; where there are women anil ohil- dren to be defended, I alone oannot heir my part ? look at my face, I know there is not a vestigo of colour in it. Look at my hands, they are not steady yet. It is useless for you to speck. You may pity me, but you cannot but deBpiso me. Be lieve me, tbat death when it comes will be to me a happy release indeed from the shame and misery I foel ' ( Then, turqiog, ho loft the girl without ' another word, and went about his work. The dootor had, just before going up to 'take his place on the roof, come aorosB 'hink ; /. -,.'; <4.Cdmq in:here, my dear Bathurst,9 he idifl; seizing hiB arm and dragging him him into the room which had been given up -to him for hiB drugs and surgioal appliances, 4 lot mo givo you a strong dose of ammonia and ginger ; you want a piok-up I can Bee by your faoe.9 4 1 wunt it, dootor, but I will not take it,' Bathurat said. 4 Tkut is ono thing I have made up my mind to. I-. will take no spirits to create a courage that I do uotpossess.9 4 It is not courage it has nothing to do with oournge,' the dootor said angrily. 4 It is a simple, question of nerves, as I have told you over and over-again.' 4 Call it what you like, dootor, the result is precisely tho . same. I do not mind taking a strong dose of quinine if you will give.it to mo,' for I feel as weak as a child, bat no spirits. .With an impatient' Bhrug of 'tho Bhoulders the dootor mixed a strong dose of quinine nnd, gave it to him. An hour later a sudden outburst of musKctry took place. Not a nativo showed himself on the eideof the house facing the maidan, but from the gardens on the other three sides a heavy fire was opened. 4 Every man to tho roof,' the' major said, 4 four men of each of the rear corners, three to the others. Do you think you are fit to fire, Forster ? Had you not better keep quiet for to-day ; you will have opportunities enough.' 4 I'm all right, major,' ho said care lessly. 4 1 oau put my rifle through a loophole and fire, though I have one arm in a sling. By Jove ! ' he broke off suddenly, 4 look at that fellow Bathurst, he looks like a ghost.' The roll of musketry was unabated, and the defenders were already beginning to answer, it, tho bullets sung thickly overhead, and above the din could be heard the shouts of the natives. Bath- urat's face was rigid and ghastly pale, Tho major hurried to him. . 4 M) dear.Bathurst,' he said, 4 1 think you had better go below. You will find plenty of work to do there.9 4 My work is here,9 Bathurst said, as if speaking to himself, 4 it must be done.' TO EB CONTINUED TO-KOREOW. 