CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. By an ingenious experiment with a metallic globe enveloped in muslin, M S Meunier, of the French Academy of Sciences, has obtained a plausible explanation of this apparent duplication of the canals on the planet Mars, first observed by Schiaparelli, the famous Italian astronomer, in 1882 It is produced, it would seem, by certain conditions of the atmosphere of that planet, so that the phenomenon is simply a reflection of the actual canals upon the clouds above them. M. Meunier copied them in black lines upon his polished sphere, and found on looking at them through the textile medium that each line appeared to be doubled M Boiliaut, ex Minister of Public Works in France, who has just been sentenced to imprisonment for five years and a heavy fine, is now 60 years of age. An engineer by profession, his career has been a brilliant one up till now. He has fulfilled important scientific missions to the Governments of Brazil, Italy), and Russia, and explored the region of the Amazons He was a member of the Duolero Cabinet in 1882, of that of the late Jules Ferry in 1883, and of that of M. Fre)Cinetinl886 He was a democratic Republican and political purist, and his circumstances were not such as to extenuate the criminality of the act by which he has disgraced himself, dishonoured France, and ruined his public career. Superstition dies hard. An aged peasant woman, locally believed to be a witch, breathed her last the other day at States, in Hungary. After her death many calves and pigs succumbed to various maladies, and the peasantry attributed these casualties to her ghost, which had been seen to walk abroad, they said so, one night, they went in a body to the cemetery, disin- terred her corpse, cut it up into small fragments, cast them into the grave, and then returned home in the comfortable belief that the old sorceress would trouble them no more Baron Michele Lazzaroni, who has been arrested and his papers seized in connection with the Bank of Rome, is not yet 30 years of age. He was under 20 when, by the death of his father, he become into possession of a fortune of £800,000, with which he launched into a career of speculation. He was president or director of eleven commercial or industrial societies, and scarcely a company of any importance has been formed in Rome during the last five or six years in which he was not a shareholder. Not content with an income of £00,000 a year, he wanted to quadruple it, and is now in gaol. One of the prettiest incidents connected with the recent Royal nuptials in Roumania was the marriage of thirty two couples from the thirty two provinces of that Kingdom. The ceremony was performed by the metropolitan, in the presence of the King, Prince Ferdinand, and the Princess Marie, who gave them away. Each of the young couples, and the members of their family, then took their places in a car, decorated with fir trees and the flags of the respective provinces, and proceeded to the palace, where luncheon was served, a dowry presented to each of the brides, as also the portraits of the prince and princess and medals commemorative of the event The Emperor of Germany entertains a profound belief in the infallibility of his own judgment upon every question submitted to it Some time ago, a commission was appointed to examine the various designs invited for a statue which it is proposed to erect the memory of the Grand Elector Frederick. As a matter of course, the commission was composed of experts, and it selected the model executed by the late Sir J E Boehm as the best, and that of Signor Palcstrelh as the second best. The emperor coolly passed over both recommendations, and entrusted the work to Herr Riessacker, whose design had not been considered worthy of notice by the judges whose recommendations have been thus contemptuously set aside. It is expected that, after this, no one possessing a spark of self respect will consent to be nominated on a commission of this kind. a 