CHAPTER XVIII If Lettie Leith had been anything else but the brave. strong nerved. girl that she was, she would never have hold her own under the stern Are of her old father’s eyes. It was a trying moment, Tim poor girl’s heart boat with heavy, strangling throbs, groat beads of sweat broke out on her temples, and. her limbs trembled so she could scarcely stand, , ■ “Well, my fine, young chap,” said the old striker in a gruff,voice, “you thought to give us (ho slip, but you didn’t, you sea. Como, now,. face about < and march up to head quarters in double-quick.' -Wo want to know wjfcafc you’ve got to say, for yourself.” “ jL’ve got nothing to say,” Lottie began, Rooking longingly;at the outgoing train, on the platform or which #tood ■ the two men she had bee# following olji dnyj “J'ro anxious tolcavo town,” • “To ho sure you arc,” the aid ;; Striker cot in with n derisive laugh{ animus, for your company up at headquarters, so trot, along. Fall In,'boys, let’s bo moving,” - , The armed strikers fell in, ■ and there was, i no alternative for poor Lottie but to turn short-aboutAnd lot tbo. clue she- bad worked go bard.'to got bold of ; slip through her fingers, : As sbo tyrppd awny and went (ramping along the',rough street the trairipullod. oiit, and) tho man Hoekott and bl* companion were: lost sight of, : perhaps, fovavpp. - ; . . “Ah I Jloavea help >me,” sighed the poop girl,-.*‘ I shall never flud Joek, ” : “Move on.” said .her'' father, sternly, “there's no limo to lose.”' ' • ■ - I . > So on sho wont, tho storn old man behind her, Uiotowlblo" Winchesters omelther side, and bonodth her tired tout the sWWy street*. , Tuo town 'tvas still in a state . of great, loxoitcmeot; crowds of noisy people" thronged; the Streets, and the sound or oxhited voice# . was like the roar of am angry bos. * ' About tho><Opera House, in which, the hapless pinkortons wore looked up from tup: ;/dry of the ;noty a groat uproar still iprovailed, and down At the riverside the sky wasisti.Vr red with' liw $9W (ft iho barnipg barge#,' : '■ ' . \ \- At tbo headquarters pf the advisory committee great oxcitennio.pt styll .prevailed, and nil sorts of characters, from a newspaper reporter to a common tramp, wore constantly being brought In; ■ o < ; Lettio Loitli, looking somewhat ‘ the worse /or wear," wlth hor r «bft hat pulled lojy ,oyor her forehead, took her, - place . before' ’tAiql aw/u1 iyibunsh, j n ,i A score ofmyos/BPaoned her youthful food, 1 andjjrosontly ivAten) voice said: ■■■■ 1 ! > “Talc« o// your hat, yoongman, and step /orwArd.”:- r • , ■ < K Tlio girl’a heart leaned to her very lips, j : To take off horhstVaST to botray herself friends and ' neighbors aiiann'‘ a Cae k {ire8onQO of horfondoldfither. “I can’t do she said';to liorself p “Fd sooner'die. X can’t do it—not oven for Jack’s sake.”. .. , She stood allentj breathless almost, .look* ing about her liko some lovely wild creature \- brought to bay.; “Step forward, young man, and remove your bat,”ispoke the stern voice a second . time. Lettio, stepped forward, and as she did so hor frantio gaze took ia every face. At the "end of the lino, tall, dark, stern as 'Fate itself, stood Donald Bayne. The girl’s heart gave a second;frantio bound, Hero was her chance, , : “I beg your pardon, gentlemen,” she said ia a clear, fearless voice, ’I’ve a favor to ask; may I borallowed a word in private with Donald Bayne?”- , , : ! The tall young striker turned .bis "face, toward; tbo . youthful prisoner.; >■ He soowlo i an instant, and then bis sombre eyes . softened. Something iu* the • boy’s attitude And manner had touched his heart “I can’t imagine wbat thp little chap; could have to>ay to me,” he 8tud, : “but lot him come^ahead; quiet, boys, . quiet," he added, raising bis band at. a ;dissenting murmur arose; “you can trust me can’t you?” There, was a- general voice of assent,.and 1 theh-DoDbld stalked away closely, followed i by the..little dude... , . I I Iu a uanto-roomadjoining the public hall the two faced each other. . “ Well,ray friend," said Donald, gravely, “what have.you to say to mo? I’m waiting to hoar.” Leith.hesitated.A moment, jthon, while a great wave of color rushed- up. to- her tired fdoa, she took off her soft hat and pushed bock her dark hair. Donald. Bayne looked, at her, stared and then started convulsively. “Merciful Heaven I do my' eyes deceive roe?” “No,” answered the girl promptly, “I am Lottie Leith. Donald Bayne, if you are tbo roan I take you to be, you’ll not betray me before all these men. I put on this disguise for Jack’s sake. Ho is wounded and dying in thoi enemy’s bands, and I must save him." The youag ; striker’s eyes filled with sudden tears and his voice tremblpcL ., , | | “ You’re a bravo girl,” he t said,, holding out i his band, .“I wish somebody.,(Jared os much •for'jiao. I promise not to betray you* I’ll givo.you a word of odyidp instead. homo to-night and gladden your,old- father's]- heart, that’s,the way put of the'difficulty.” 1 “Tliis.'litlie, dhap’s:a frionA of mine,.boys," the young /striker. explained, . then . the- two returned,to tho' hall. “I’m ready to stand responsible for. his good behavior, . and jab all take it as a personal favor if you, lot him go. Take my,word for it, he'Udo no hsrcL ' “He’ll'not be’ likely to do . much good,” snarled old Tim Leith, “tho lookup is the best place for him according to my thinking.” But Donald Bayne being, a man of mark in the committee,,', succeeded after some little difficulty id having his way, and tbo dddish little newspaper chap, as old Tim Leitb called him, was dismissed. j So it turned out that some hours jlator. when tho first tints of a now day !woro gilding the eastern bills, that old Tim Leith, worn oat and. weary with the labors tho day, went lionid to find bis pretty daughter waiting to woTooino hitn.iyitb'a smiling Jfaeo and a not breakfast on the table. Bub Jack was not yet found. , r , , i That same night, or morning rather,- for tbo. first faint tints •of; ,dawn were'just beginning to gild the sombre outlines of; tbo distant hiUs, a strange thing, happened ' to Dolly Burns. , :: I Sleap does not come readily to those whose consciences are ill at pose, and .although; she was quire worn mit arid noHod with weariness from !,tbo'crown of her'head Vto the' solbs of her'foot,' Dolly found it impossible to Moso her eyis. ’ ' ‘ ' She bad kept her vow and accomplished' her revenge, but she was not one Kvhit happier for it , The muto anguish in Donald Bayne’s ;face when sbo told him that his. pretty sweetheart, Daff Lomax, had eloped with a Pinkerton, seemed'to haunt her like a purse. i • “ I‘shall never forgot his looks to my dying day,” sbo said to horpelf again and again. I’m half sorry now I ever had anything to do with it, hdt what right had ho to make little of me and worship tbo ground that, doll-faced, creature walked on. Well, I’ve parted them, for good and. all.. The-chances, are (that pretty Daff. has married her Pinkerton Ipvor long before this time. I wish her rauoh j[oy.” ( She ’sought her pillow again, and covdring her faob wuh h"»r hands,- sought to‘ her excited brain by counting a hundred back ward ; she had not got'to fifty whan a sharp, sound at her window started her to her feet. “ What was that, I wonder? It sounded like a bullet.’" ' I Dolly waited, her black eyes like stars,) hor heartin'her mouth. ‘ ’ Presently it came again. A gravul thrown against the glass. Thj girl was in just tho mood fopj an adventure, no matter how desperate, so ;sho flow to the , window, and throwing up the sash, looked out. In. tbo semi - darkooss below stood p. sinall, shadowy figure. ‘ ' “Who’s there I” demanded Dolly, 1 The only answer was a sob, : “ “ Oh, bother, I don’t want'people .to .'corao crying under ray window,”. said,, Dolly, petulantly, “ Who’s there, I soy?” ; J “It is I, Daffodil. Please lot mo come ; io, Dolly.” “ Well, groat; heavens, Daff Lomax baok again at this hour of the - night What does it moan? I must go dowo aud soo." ; Dnlly wonji down yrith feet, pnd opening a side door, beckoned'to tho shadowy figure tp oomo nearer. “ VVTjo are you, a ghost or a living orcaitiPd?”’ " | “Oh, I’m not dead,. Boll; I wish, I was,” answered Daffodil, piteously. “I’m so tired 1 can’t stand on my foot another, moinepti won’t' you ploaso lot me qomo in until morning?” ' s Dolly - took ib# girl by tho arm and difow her in ; Umn, when sbo bad olosod tho door, led her upstairs into her own room. ; “Now, sit down hero.” sbo said, drawing forward a chair, “and tel) mo wbuFs brought you back. Are you married?” • ' “No, oh, no; I ooaldn’t got married,Dolly, that’s why I’ve oomo baeld ” “ Why couldn’t you get married?’’ j “Bocausa I couldn’t, Dolly; I changed my mind at tho last moment, came, bock. Oh, you don’t know how I'vo suffered.; t couldn’t go home, Dolly, I'm afraid my , father and mother will never fprgi.Vo mo, so X’vp.epnie to you. Won’t you help mo . in my trouble, Dolly? You said you’d help mo if X ovor ( needed your' assistance. Won’t you try. to got my mother and father and Donald to forgive me and love mo Dolly?” It wns a touching appeal, but in a moment Dolly’s heart seamed turned to slono. , “Oh/to bo sure I’ll help you,”.sbo said .with a heartless laugh, .a brassy light glowing in her black eyes, \- “1 thought you would—1 was sure you would. Cm, Ddlly, I’m so miserable.” Daffodil arose as isho spoke nnd niado a step forward, her arms outstretohod ’ like- a child's, but all in a moment both strength and consciousness failed :bar, and sbo fell at Dolly's foot liko one dead. (To bo Continued.) 