. Novelist. tki;.::: . .v-"-," , . W & "MYSTERY solved. DETECTIVE STORY. fry spegt&tju.;"5 m CHAPTER V. ' - A few moments' thought convinced Dash of f -<jDne fact. The girl whose dead body he had found on. ithe beachwas really a corpse ; and again, re- xnarkableas the fact was, he was convinced -. 'that -the girl before ' him was no ghost, but a . ;real flesh-and-blood counterpart of the lovely -creature whose pallid features he had gazed \- Upon under the moonhght upon the lonely beach. 'He Avas astounded at the remarkable resem- ' blance, and satisfied that there was some mys- < i r sterious connection between- the ghastly dead ir and the marvellously lovely : living, he doter- \- v joined to solve the mystery. ' While coming to thi3 resolution, he had been : .'standing just within the door-way, gazing at :,-.--ihe girl. . j The latter appeared fo be in the company of two gentlemen. 1 Her companions were remarkable-looking % men, evidently foreigners. r 1 One was tall and slender, while the other Was 6hort and thick-set. Both -possessed swarthy complexions, dark, \- piercing eyes, and raven-black hair. Kingston still stood gazing at the fair girl, H- .when the attention of one of the men was di- : jected toward him, .- Seeing that he bad attracted attention, Dash turned upon his heel and walked slowly down , ihe long hall toward the stairway. h At the head of the stairs he halted. He had observed that the girl was robed in a travelling dress, and it struck him that possibly the party might be just upon the, eve of depar- ' , .tore, and he felt that it would not do to let, . - them go without ascertaining something about \- them. . " , While he was still standing there, and con sidering- what course ho should take to accom- , -plish his pnpose, he heard a step approaching along Uie hall, and, upon turning, discovered ,. that the newcomer was the taller of the tAvo imen whom he had seen in company with the girl. : -As the man passed Dash to ascend the stairs, -he fastened on the latter a steady, enquiring \- -glance. „ ' "I reckon that fellow will know me again ' .; 'when he sees me," was the muttered comment of the young man, as he started to descend the \- stairs. t>':. From the fact that the man had passed him, ' „ Dash considered that the party had but just ' arrived, instead of being on the point of depar- true, and he determined to postpone his enqui res until a more opportune occasion. ' Our hero was an expert billiard player, and, ' having nothing particuIar_to.do- strolled into the billiardroom. He had been seated there but a short time, when the stranger who had stared at him so -s- ' -.impudently came into the room also. i The latter took a seat directly opposite Dash, and again fastened his gaze upon the : . young fellow in a fixed and impudent man- ,'ner. - Our readers are all well aware that it is not a very nice thing to bo impudently stared at By a total stranger, and Dash began to feel I rather uncomfortable. For some time he paid no -attention to the man, but directed his gaze carelessly about the -room; but every time he glanced toward J the rum sitting opposite, he found the latter's gaze -fastened upon him. Dash- began to grow somewhat seriously an- >... noyed by this offensive surveillance, and in re- taliation he faced the man with a look as steady .- . and impudent as his own. t Thus for a few seconds the two men faced ' ; each other, until it became necessary for one : . or the other to speak. Dash was the one who decided to venture ' _ tapon this experiment, and he said j . - '.'Are-we acquainted, sir J" "No," was the laconic reply. , "Then why do you gaze at me in such a ?S;w:>nianner2" Because I choose to !" was the impertinent ; ifeply- ' _ — ' "Well, I choose that you should desist from \- \ -"looking at me in such a fixed manner ; it is >«ffenssive," said Dash. "I thought a few moments ago, when I saw you trying to stare a lady out of countenance, . , that you approved of such little pleasantries," said the man. ,, Dash instantly recollected that he had stared ' at the ' man's companion, and being a frank, generous iellow, not at all quarrelsome, natu- . /rally he thought that an explanation Avas due, .-' , 'andhe said : " "Scan .ve a good reason for my seemingly impertincss conduct, sir." -J ««I should like to hear it," answered the hearing this reply the di»rk face of the riS.ifiranger became livid. j tejjkfftKn n ps were bloodless, and a jrce. threat- j .w- aw «y.6 1, no said, i« - MlSli&ky; voice -this" explantmn, will explain -under "When you do I may tell," replied Dash. "Do not provoke mo too far, young man ; it may provo dangerous." "It is yourself who had' hotter be carefuH You ara a- stranger to me, and you have thrust this conversation upon me, "replied Dash King ston. "No, sir; you were the aggressor; you in- Bulted a lady under my charge." "That is false !" "Do you give me the lie ?" "I Avould sen'e you right if I Avere to give you tho palm of my gloA'e on your cheek," said Dash, angrily. " No ; you are a loafer ; you dare not strike a gentleman." \- This Avas the first time that such an epithet had oa'er been applied to the young man, and his blood boiled. Urged by a sudden passion, he advanced and raised his hand, intending to at least crush the Btranger's hat over his eyes, Avhen tho latter suddenly sprung from his scat, and rushing at the younger man, struck a powerful bloAv at him. Dash AA'as quick-eyed and an expert boxer, and throwing out his left arm he Avardcd off the bloAv, and Avith the right hand knocked the other's hat off. His antagonist did not stop to pick up his hat, but Avhipping out a pistol hastily cocked it, and a tragic result must have followed had not a gentleman rushed in just at that moment Avho seized hold of the Avould-be assassin, say ing, in a firm voicd : "Stop ! you must not shoot." The man ' Avho had thus opportunely inter fered in on behalf of our hero, proved to be the short, thick-set man, who had also been a com panion of the young lady aa'iio had made such a remarkable impression upon Dash. The last comer spoke in broken English, and in a very rapid manner. As he turned the Avcapon aside, and Avliile still holding the arm of his friend, he turned toward Kingston, and asked : "What is the trouble ?" "You must ask your friend," returned our hero. " You must be careful, my friend Avill kill you P " I think not," Avas the quiet reply " But he Avould have killed you had I not come." "Yuadid not save my life but your friend's," replied Dash, and as he spoke he showed a pis tol in his hand, adding : " Before your friend could haw raised his arm, sir, He would have been the victim of this. I have dealt with assassins before, and I am alivays prepared for them." "My friend is not an assassin. You must have insulted him grossly, or he Avould not have attempted to kill you." This scene occurred in the middle of the day; there Avas no one in the room at the moment the actual outbreak occurred, and con sequently the above conversation passed aa'ith- out being heard, except by those taking part in it.' In answer to the assertion of the stout man, Dash said : " It was your friend that insulted me ; and the best thing you can do is to take him away with you." While the above conversation was transpir ing the tall man had restored his pistol to his pocket, and stood Avith folded arms gazing at Dash Avith a glance that Avas menacing, and meant danger at fome future time. The stout man seemed to possess a Avonder- ful influence over him, and it Avas only at his friend's request that ho Avas induced to put up his Aveapon. A short conversation now took place between tho two men, in the Spanish tongue. Our hero avos a fine Spanish scholar, and, un- knoAvn to them, heard and understood every Avord that passed betAveen them. " What led to the trouble V asked the thick set man of the tall one. " That man recognised Gertine !" was the reply. . _ - " Recognised Gertine 1 Impossible !" " Yes ; but he admitted that he did." "You have been fooled, Alonzo." " No ; I tell you ho said that he had seen her before." " Then he was making sport of you. It is impossible that he could haAo seen her before, and no one should kmnv that fact better than you." " Ah, but you do not understand ; he said that he had seen some one who looked so much like her that he could almost sAvear that it Avas the same person. And to tlieo again, Del Fuer, none should kuoAV better than thou that there was but one person who looked so much like our Gertine." After a short silence, the stout man said : '" Arc you sure that you did not misunder stand the young man T' "I am sure." "Well, Alonzo, remember that we have a quieter way of getting rid of a foe than shoot ing him doAvn in the street." " I cannot be goaded." "But you must not be rash ; you must apolo gise. We must make a friend of him ; then, if Ave caiinot use him, we can remove him without any noise." Dasli congratulated himself on having been taught the Spanish language, and at tho same time came the thought that to be forewarned is to be forearmed. "I Avill "go— you are are cooler than I; you make him you friend," said the tall man. The tall man moved away as though urged to do so by his frinn.i. — < — " / -latter turned U. Dash and said : "You must forgive my friend ; come, let you and I be on good terms." Dash thought that, under the circumstance, he AA'as quite justified in dissembling, and took the Spaniard's hand. He also had a game to play, and being on his guard, he Avas Avilling to take long chances to Avin. CHAPTER VI. "You will forgive my friend?" said the Spaniaed. " I Avill forgive him on condition that ho apologises. " He shall do so, but not to-day. He is too much excited. But come, you and I must be friends. I like your looks, and I feol that I can like you too." " I am willing to be friendly with anyone who is friendly towards me," said Dash, in an easy, off-hand manner. "I wish to be friendly toward you, and I am sorry that my friend had this trouble Avith you ; I beg that you Avill tell me Iioav it came about." "Well. I saw a remarkably beautiful girl, and I merely indulged a gentleman s privilege in admiring her for a moment, from a dis tance." " Ye3, Gertine is beautiful — very beautiful ; but my friend says that you stared at her." " It is possible that I did gaze at her A-ery intently for a moment, but I meant no offence and I had an excuse for so doing." " Yes, yes, I knoAv that you did ; but I pray you tell me what it Avas that attracted you so ?" " Her resemblance to another person." " Ah, yes ; that is a common mistake. But tell me, does she resemble a lady friend ?" " Since thinking the matter over, sir, I have come to the conclusion that this young lady does not resemble any one Avhota I ever kneAV," said Dash, evasively. " Then vou made a mistake ?" ThemanDelFqfeedapenetrating glance2 Yes;' we will say that T made a. mistake." « I think that such is the ca.se, for my child j has been in Australia but a lew days." : Some further conversation -of a similar char acter to that above acscn oea. ioiiov.'-u > . Dash and the man Del Fuer. After an interval Dash found an oppoTtnwi to make the acquaintance of the clerk of the 'hotel vwheniiebnght to;.findput something rllilii had amiwd omjF "seenbutlittisi " How did they register 1" "As Pedro Del Fuer, and A. Gomez and niece." " That is strange," said Dash. " What is strange ?" enquired the clerk. " Why, that the stout man, whose name it Del Fuer, should say that tho girl is his daugh ter." "She may be, for all I know ; but she Avas not registered as his daughter." Dash, after a little adroit dodging to avoid suspicion, managed to discover the number of the apartment occupied by the strangers, and obtained a room adjoining theirs. Ho resolved to fathom the mystrry to the bottom. Of one thing he was certain. The two Spaniards Avere villains and asBas- etns, and certain indications led him to believe that the death of the murdered girl could be traced directly to them. This fact Avas plain to him, but the mysteri ous secret Avas, what connection had that lovely counterpart of the dead Avith the crimes of the tAvo men. Was she linked Avith them, or Avas she also a victim Avhom they Avere waiting an opportunity to assassinate. And again, from whence came this marvellous resemblance. Those Avore the thoughts that agitated Dash Kingston s mind upon the night following tho frac.13 iiv the b'lliard saloon, as he retired for the night to his room, adjoining the one occu pied by tho two men Avhom he had already mentally pronounced murderers. In his mind Dash thought the girl was only a victim, and not a confederate ; and he re solved to keep upon the track of the parties, learn the truth, and rescue the girl at all haz ards, if his conclusions should in the end prove correct. Dash had been some time in his room, and was sitting upon the side of his bed musing upon the facts above stated, Avhcn lie wa3 startled by hearing voices in the adjoining room. He Avas on the point of making a noise, so as to notify the parties in the next room that they might be overheard, rvlien ho was startled by hearing a smothered scream or cry for help. All scruples at once vanised. Ho had previously observed a hole in the partition where a stove-pipe had once passed, through, and leaping upon a chair, he. put hi3 face to the aperture and glanced into the room fromAvhcnce the smothered cry tor help had come. The gas Avas turned on at full blaze, and our liero Avas once more surprised and as tounded by a startling disco\'ery. Upon her knees upon the floor, with her hands clasped and raised in a beseeching man ner, AA'as the girl Gertine ; while over her, Avith gleaming eyes, and a face convulsed with an ger, stood a woman evidently past thirty years of age, but one of the most glorious beauties that the dazzled eyes of Dash had ever gazed upon. At length the latter spoke, and her words Avere in the Spanish tongue : but, fortunately, as our readers will remember, our hero Avas an excellent Spanish scholar, and had no difficulty in understanding every word that Avas spoken. " So you Avill still dare to rebel against my authority ! said the elder woman from be tween her clenched teeth. " No, no ! I Avill not rebel against you, Isa bel. But Avhy make me be obedient to those dreadful men ?" avos the trembling response. "You forget that Don Alonzo is my rela tion." " But he is a stranger to me. "No, he is not; lie often fondled' you Avhen you were a child, but you have forgotten him. You used to be fond of him once." " I hate him now !" was the abrupt exclam ation. " Hist I be careful I Do not daro to say that again, or I will make you Borry !" "You are cruel, and you Avill teach me to hate you." " Gertme, you will regret every Avord you are iioav uttering." " I will regret my last words now if you will only take me to some place Avliere I will never see that man again." " Once again I warn you, Gertine." " If you do not heed my prayer I Avill flee away alone." " What is that you say, child ?" "I say, that if you do not take me to some place Avliere I will never see that man again, I will fly aAvay and find one myself." " Ah ! Well, I am glad that you told me. And now, listen to me — if j'ou ever attempt to escape from my care and kindness, I Avill find you." "Oh, Isabel! you never spoke to me nor treated me in this cruel manner until that man crossed our path," murmured Gertine. " I cannot remain to argue longer Avith you to-night, Gertine, but I shall lock you in this room, and if you utter the least outcry or make the faintest attempt to escape I will do Avhat I threatened. Now mind !" As the Avomau uttered the last words, she gave Gertine a push that knocked her over upon the floor, and then the elderly woman left the room. After the door had closed behind Isabel, as the younger girl had called her, Dash heard the key distinctly turned in the lock, securing the door from the outside. Full half an hour passed, during which Ger tine remained- sobbing upon the floor, while Dash retained his position at the aperture Avatching her. At length the girl suddenly started to her feet. Her beautiful eyes were stiUfilled with tears, but a resolute expression rested upon her features, as she exclaimed in excellent Eng lish: " I will fly from this bondage, even if I have to leap out of the windoAV. She crossed the room and tried the door. It Avas locked. " I am a prisoner ! Would that I had the strength to Avrench that lock off. Once away from these people and I would take such precau tions that they should never find me again," she murmured. An idea struck Dash. Leaping doAvn noiselessly from his perch, he secured the key from his oavu door, aud re mounted to his position. As he glanced a third time into the room a sight met his gaze that caused his heart to cease pulsating, aud the blood to curdle through his veins Avith icy coldness. He sought to utter an exclamation of Avarn- ing, but his poAvers of speech Avere suddenly stricken dumb. Wild despair surged in his heart, Avhen once again, though unable to speak, a happy idea struck him, and he made one last effort to save a human life. CHAPTER VII. The sight which met the gaze of our Iiera was one well-calculated to freeze the blood in the a'eins of one more accustomed to scenes of horror than he Avas. Before a riiirror in the room, located directly opposite the spot from Avhence he was gazing, stood the young girl. Her eyes wore dilated Avith some fearful reso lution, and her features Avere set and fixed like : those of the dead, Avhile an ashen hue added to their death-like appearance. ... ; In stiletto/; Thb'exprssidn "of herfacpS'Sr left no doubt as to her terrible pur peer. ITer hand was uplifted, the dagger was truly poised, and its point was aimed directly at her heart. roi-.u — ti— t x/e-i. i around Dash Kingston's heart, arid caused his tongue to cleave j -Jpless" to the roof of hm mouth. ? - . \- A few Ta a lufelcyrthoagHfc. He cduld ript use his tongue, biA his arm Wa»>; subject to his'will. .In his hand he held the key of H\s room. tunate inspiration that caused him to throw it through tho pipe-hole iuto the adjoining room. With a sharp click it struck against a porce lain pitcher, and slid off upon the floor Avith a second sound. The girl heard the fall, and Avith a low, smothered cry she lowered the murderous blade, and turning about, fixed her gaze upon the little tarnished piece of brass. " It is a key ! Heaven must haVe sent it for my deliverance 1" she exclaimed, Avith gladness. Gertine. proved herself instantly to be a ; young lady of nerve and coolness. It avos evident that desperation had led her to seek to take her OAvn life ; but noAV that a ohance for escape by other means presented it self, a neAV hope appeared to find lodgment in her heart. Stealthily she crossed tho room on tiptoe, and inserted the key in the lock. It fitted, and the bolt yielding to the pres sure, a way of escape Avas open. Satisfied that she could open the door, the girl returned and commenced deliberately to pack a small valise. While Dash watched tho process of packing, he beheld a sight that once again astonished and surprised him. Besides quantities of rare and valuable jewels, the girl placed a large roll of money in the valise, after having transferred several notes to her portmonnaie, evidently for immediate necessities. At length her preparations seemed satisfac tory and complete. Then, as a final matter, she dropped apos her knees beside her valise, and appeared to indulge a few moments in silent supplication. Having concluded her short devotions, she rose to her feet, seized her valise, and on tip toe moved to the door, opened it, and passed Cut. Dash Kingston had left Sydney in a great hurry, and had not burdened himself Avith any superfluous baggage. , He was in marching order, and the moment the girl left her room lie also leaped down from his place of observation, seized his satchel, and with a noiseless tread started to open his door, Avhen, lo ! the truth flashed upon his mind that ho was locked in. He nmv remembered that he had locked his room door upon first entering it, and Avhen ho had seized his key to assist his beautiful neigh bour he had not stopped to unlock it. Dash aa'as not a swearer habitually, but a naughty aa'ord did fall from liis lips when the conviction settled upon his mind that he aa'as really a prisoner. "Hang my pig-headedness ! this is a pretty state of affairs. Here I have released one per son only to imprison myself," he exclaimed. Dash, however, was not a person to be easily discouraged. He Avas full of expedients, and hastily open ing his satchel, he drew forth a long-bladed knife, and inserting the steel in the key-hole quickly, had the satisfaction of hearing the bolt flyback. Hoav little do we pooh, mortals know how often some trifling annoyance, portends some direful calamity. Dash Kingston was greatly annoyed by the little accident that had made him a moment ary prisoner, and yet, had it not so happened he Avould have been a prisoner in a more serious manner. ' At the very moment that he Avas fumbling to get out, a man passed his door and moved BloAvly along the hall to another room, search ing for the A'ery room occupied by Dash at that moment. A misunderstanding of the information given him by the clerk of the hotel had sent him to tho Avrong room. Had he met Dash in, the hall he Avould have recognised him, but at the moment Dash passed out the man Avas at the other end of the hall, and AA'hen he did return1 to the single room its occupant was gone. , The mysterious man Avas a Sydney detective, and lie bore with him a Avarrant for the arrest of a murderer. TO BE CONTINUED, j 