DOCS. By Our Special Reporter. I < » The competition in the dog ' section ia yearly 'getting keener at the A'iotorian'Poultry and Dog Sdcioty's shows, and Bhqnld the coining four yeara find as great an improvement as the past four, it will require, a ' soparate judgo for each eeotion or 'breed. Tlie 1 management in this section was quite up io; previous years, and everything, passed ' off auaddihly. Those who went into rapturcs'when Mr. Stephen caino over from Sydney with his then wonderful St. Bernards some few years aeo little thought that tlio breed would make suoh rapid strides as it has done, the past show being much ahead of any previous exhibition, especially in the colonial bred olasses, and I should not he surprised were a Plinlimmon or a Sir Bedivero bred in tlie'hear future. In the ohampion class. Lady Una IV., looking woll, had the olass to herself ; alio is too well known to need comment. Twenty four competitors in tho open dog olass proved a grand spectacle, and those around tlio -ring wcro most enthusiastic in their praise of the quality. After a good inspection and somo weeding, the. judgo fixed upon Captain Clark's Capstan for tho blue ribbon. Capstan lias a wondorfully good head, cars and body, and stands straightall round, possessing magnificent bone. He ia also a fine mover for so big a dog, and should with luck provo a great acquisition to tha St. Bernards of Australia. AV. B. Brown's Napoleon III., tho second dog, is a colonial bred one, by Bruce X. out of LadyUna IV. Ho ia a sturdy, well built " big little dog," possessing good hone, a good head, cars and body. He is gay in stern and not a fashionalilo color, but is n fine mover, and has n good straight coat, and only a real crack can beat him. Third wcut to Roynl Gcraint, whoso cow hooks greatly detract from an otherwise good dog. He also loses in bond and body to first and seoond, still witiinl ho is a fine speci men. Several dogs above tlie average were also in the ring, but tho three selected dogs stood well out. Maplecroft Bollc won well over tho 13 hitches pitted against her in tho opon class, anil may bo tokon as iist about the bost St. Bernard bitch evor seen in the colonics. She is good all round, Mrs. Abcrcrombic's Ncrvelston Patch, however, is by no means a despicable rival, and is shown ill tlio pink of condition. Victoria V., ownod by AV. A. Adamson, is also much above tlio average, mid woll merited third place. Kanya Lord Surrey, the Gcclong win ning puppy, was again lit the head of affairs in his class; ho was described in our Geelong report. Mrs. G. A. Board also showed a veiy promising young dog in Napoleon IA'., and received the second award. Captain Clark's First Capstan is also a puppy I have a great opinion of; and with ago lie should mako a good ono. His littor sister, Young I'icvua, winning in tho opposito sox, also promises to mnke some thing extra ; whilst J. D. Newliain's Lady A'lIL is also highly promising, but yoiing. H. Clarke's Rosalie will never be good enough in bead or grow large enough. After tlio first two tho olass was not of extra merit. Novice dogs numbered 29, Napoleon HI. winning in a cantor, and also the St. Bernard Club's chal lenge trophy for boat colonial bred St. Bernard dog in the show ; that for bitches falling to the lot of Nervcistoii Patch. Mr. F. AY. AVaril was second ill novica dogs with Barry XIV., a tail, good stamp of dog that loses in muzzle and bono to first. Lord Verubam, who got third, ia a vory tail dog, but weak in bono and shelly in body. Suva Diamond, Victoria II. and Lady Greystoko III. won in novico bitches in tlio order named. First Capstan and Young Plevna, both owned liy Captain Clark, took first and 'second in produce puppies. Captain Clark took the tcnin prizo for St. Bernards, also tlio presi dent's prize for the best team of noii-sporting djlgs in the show. Sullice it to say tiic dogs nro tun strongest combination over owned by ono St. /Bernard fancier in tlio Southern hemisphere. Mastiffs are another breed that should go aliosd, although not so numerous as thoy wore four or fivo years ago ; still tlio then redoubtable Surrey Taunton wonld not louk the giant to-day lie did then ; and never linvc tilings loukod so rosy ill this brood as now, anil with moro fanoiors in tiic breed thoy would sooii advance rapidly. Sooiates had tlio ciiampion1 dog class to himself, Zoe II. being nlono in tlio bitch class. Only four faced the judgo in open dogs, the nowly imported wonder, Vico-Chnnccllor, fairly smothering nil opponents, living superior in almost every point bar color; lie is oiio of tiie shortest and best muzzled dogs it lias been my lot to eoe, anil I have seen1 Colonel, Snlinhurr. Turk and a few other good-ones: and his head is of the host bar too many wrinkles. Ho lias groat girth mcasm- cmout, good depth of chest has a first olass barrel, hind quarters, logs, foot and tail — a Mastiff all over. Taunton II. would, with' tho winner away, bo considered a gboil dog. bnt he is only a fair one, jtlic other dogs shown belng only fail- even compared with him. - Mr. Council possesses another of ths right sort hi Lady Gordn, a hitch tlidt bar In r light colored face would want beating. Surrey jJenny Taunton, the Gcclong winner, | is also a good stamp of Mastiff, a kit on the small side, but ono that lias many good points about her and should breed capital stock. Priudess Telka, owned liy P. Sliappere, is only a brood bitch, but from her breeding should think she would throw good Mastiffe. Tirrita Boris, tlie wiuning dog puppy, is highly promising ; as is'also Mrs. Lovcring's "Surrey Lord," placed scoond. AViilyamh, the novice class winner, isj however, only a moderate specimen. Tho club's two ohailcngo cups for oolonlal broil dogs and bitolies both wont to Mr. Coiinel), tho former to Taunton II. and the latter to Zoo II. j Newfoundlands nro improving slowly, Mr. S. S. Cameron's Queen 'lEIizabotli, with Tiioosa III. absent, having no Opponent in tlieichampion class. Jack Tar wqiPiiDopcn dogs and took the speoial for bestMqivfoutullnnd in thcjihow; he is a good'spccfrii'en, "being one of tlio best yot seon in the colonics. Crusoe III., tho second Erizc dog, is larger, but not so good in type, and as a white frill. Rand's Moor, third, is only fair. Landsoers wero a poor lot, tlio winner, Bravo II., having the bost coat and is a bettor typo than othors in class. Crusoe III. won the olub'a trophy for host colonial bred dog in tlio show, and Queen Elizabeth that for bitclios, Great Danes aro improving, at'iU .there is muoh room even yet to get' bettor ; Mri1 J." V.' " ' Do Beer won tho lion's share of tho1 prizes; his . Heotor taking tho spooial'for host in- tho show. Deerhounds.— Mr. Robortson literally. swept ' -the dook in Deerhounds, and can be credited with showing some real good ones. AV. Symons'p Glenmnggie Rupert, first in dog' puppies', 'gives promise of developing into a vory find dbg. 1 Greyhounds. — Nothing- 'really "wonderful turned up in Grcyhonnd ' dogs ;'niid although Faugh-a- Ballsgk lias proved a good 1 courser, ' lis ' , should never have won - as a show Greyhqtind,', having a light oyo, big ears, "and1 is too '-short " and not wcllarehed in neck. Bridgo's RoCket is - as good in points as anything in the show,1 Fort11 , Phillip, last year's winner, wns nbsent. Bily O'Connor, tho winning bitoli, is a real good one, and should havo had the ohnllongo oup over tho Hull Dogs. — Roobuok's Gipsy V. beat old Pirate in tho Bull Dog oliampion olaBa ; the same owuer's Bruce IV. winning somewhat easily in the.open dog class. But how Turk, tho second prize dog, could be placod over Hardy Norse man is rather perplexing, as the latter dog beats him in almost evory Bull Dog property ; tor Turk is very narrow in muzzle, dehoieut in stop, flow and oheek, and is too short from stop to oooipufc. In addition to this ho is narrow olieated and too high off the ground, and has the loin's of a Bull Terrieiy'Third, Irowier's iWmoler, is a very poor one, J. Sevior's Hesper IV. is a fair bitoh, but Jubilee Meroi is but a moderate one. Dalmatians were poor, and need:;no com ment. Pointers were a fairly ; good : show, but nothing new of extra merit came to light. SmythaOhampion Lively .Lady-was placed over Lee's Don X. in the challenge; oloss j; both were looking well, and I agree witli.the decision, for Don is on the, heavy side,'- .and. not what he might be in hind quarters. ' Pyramid Star, a good son of that grand Pointer, Daylesford Bhot, won somewhat easily in the open dog class, He has a good head, legs and feet, and was shown in grand trim. Sanger's Jnok VIII., plaoed ! second, iB a good Pointer, but was in wretched 1 condition, and was lucky to get second. Third, j Clark's Oscar III., just a fair ono. In open olass bitohes Messrs. Godfrey and Lo Souef a ! Feather Floss again won as at Geelong ; she is a I bit on tho heavy side, but a useful specimen. Queen Bertha, second, is only a fair 0110. Lurg Jim is a fairly promising puppy, and ensily beat ! tho light eyed Bylands Bounce. Puppy bitches ; wore a poor lot, Silver Threads being absent. Novioes were only so-so. Setters are a muoh improved breed, especially tho English. That most typioal speci men, Bipplo Shot, being alone in the champion class,- but'woa the- Galley Whisky trophy for best Sotier, any variety, in the show. In open class' English dogs, ! Yamala Spot won well. He is a' fairly good headed dog, possessing good feather and flag, Looke's Don Shot V. being seoond, close up. Carlton Bell wou in bitohes; she is a fair headed one, a shade too near to the ground, Wagga Wagga Venus making a good seoond, and' Payne's todyllL third.- Two litter brothers,- .Clarke's Widford . Ranger and Batheras's Oamborwell Rippleton, - both by Ripplo Shot out of Lassie, won Arab and seoond in dog pnppios, and promise -to make good old ones. P. W. Young's- Rivulet, a daughter of -Ripple Shot and Ruby .IV., scored in the bitoh puppy olass. She is a veryuioo quality bitoh, possessing a good coat, and flag for. a puppy; seoond, Ciorko's Widford Flora, loses in raoing style of build to first ; third, Young's Reny, a nice bitoh but for her bad feet. Tho olass for novices was divided into sexes ; tho winnor in dogs being Don Shot V. first, Yamala Shot seoond, and Rex II. third ; the prizos to bitohes going to Essendon Rose, Lady III and Wagga Wagga VenUB. Mr. Robertson's LonBdulo Yankee took first in Bluok, Wliito and Tan dogs: and R. Montgomorie's Lonsdale Rob Roy seoond. Wid- ford Hangor, Essendon Rose and Widford Flora were first, second and tkirdintboproduo cBtakes ; although, strange to say, AVidford Flora beat Essendon Rose in the puppy oIbbs, the latter put her down in this olass ; why was this thus, Mr. Judge? No entries in Gordon Setter champion dogs looks bad in these days, when ohampions are as easily made as brieks, and Heron wood Lasswade |was the only entry in champion bitohes. Open olass Gordon dogs broughtout nine competitors, HoatherSpark, the latest of imports, winning. Ho is a good headed and bodied setter, rioh in color of tan, and fairly good in feather and flag ; second to Morrisa Honor, also a good 0110 ; third to Hopeloss, also good, but fados off too inuoh in tan. v.H.0. Whito's Tan Horonwood Ray won in bitohes, with Linooln Belle oloso up soeond, and Hope ful,third. The other classes were good things for tho Horonwood and Mr. NioholBon-s kennels. Irish Scttors aro not making as much advance as they might do. Oliver's Champion Garry II. walked ovor in champions, the only good one, the best ill the show, being M'Callanan's open olass winning dog Ponto, a grand colored olio ; of right stamp in head, with exoolleut flag, he droops - too .much at stern, liuwever, still he wants heating. Retrievers aro improving slowly. In dogs the flat coated dog Hal won for Mr. M'Kinnon; bo in a fairly useful dog, still I havo seen much better. Second to . Webb's eurly ooated dog, Luoifer VII., a nioe headed and ooated dog that doeB oredit to Launoeston, , tho best son of Luoifer. Third to lllingworth's Tartar Shot. In bjtohos Nada and Topsy IU. aro just fair specimens. In bitohes a surprise turned up in G..Madden's Kitty IV., by Luoifer out of, Kitty. She is a bitoh possessing a good head, ears anda capital coat and tail, and is a, wall made one, her fault boing a light eye. . Miss B. E, M'Kinnoa'a Juno IV. is a fair wavy. Spaniels aro a muoh improved breed, ospeoially Fields and Oookers, but there is room for some good olumbers, of whioh'Mr. H. M'Oor- maoks Rail, tho winner, is the best 1 D. Kin- neat's Budford Dallian. Whlttaker'a Romany Rye and Colo s Staloy Beau met in the ohallongo olass, and were awarded prizes in the order named ; the former iBjwell ahead. M'Kellar's Prairie Pete defeated Messrs. Whittaker's Don Carlos in the black open dog olasB. Gregson's Shcpparton - Biome, the open bitoh olass winnor is a very good Spaniel, shown a ahado too fat Hall's Belle of Fashion lias poor feet, and is ourly in coat. Kyabrnm Hollo is a nice bitoh but short of feather. Klieppnrtcn Bronte again won in field puppies, with Whittakor's Prairiu Dauntless second. Field dogs otlior than black numbered a level dozen ; first to Murray's'Bol ton Beau, a liver color, orooked in front lens but nice and long in body and good feathering' lias also fair head, and ears aro nioely nines?!1 Seoond, Whittaker's Prairie Moonbeam, a nice' short logged blaok and tan, with useful bono' Wants more feather, but not in float : » V Third, Kinnoar's Glenlyon 8port, a _ Spaniel. In bitohes Tregeare BoUo won , s aluioo one. Bolton Beau ®BalP Novices ' the remainder being poor "PR0'1".®.;, olovedsa ' wero only a moderate lot, the boat, uwv , Dan, winning. I n' Cooker , Gains- Fan again beat _ -same own ct,e . boro Ooraet ; both nro go , former iB superior in - . Lawson's Gainsborough Transit easily j" s bat ill Doran Squiro in open ola88Hb'® J|w bluo the bitoh olass the latter gent Ul ribbon with Doran tody I stUI Whiting's Kapara „tound for a former being too near to the grouuu u.: . VPKIZE .POULTRY AT THE SHOW. ' ' ' X V'-' Cooker, andtoo long in body, and is almost liks a Dachshund in front, in nil of which points she is excelled by seaond. Gainsborough Transit again won in puppies, but he will soon bo too big for the alass, and I think Kiipara Kandi might have bold premier place. In the othor than black open olasBes Samson's Doran FIosb is tho only ono of merit. IriBh Water Spaniels are improving in dogs. White's Wisdom was alone in champions, No less than seven turned up in .'is, :i llie Open class. W. J. Smythe s fortglenone state saining the leading braoket J she has a P,ootV head and. topknot,: and is built on good lines with a good tail, Webb's Duck, 'placed second, is out of eoat and shown too fat, but ooove the average in quality: ; Bradshaw's Irish w onder having a wliite frill, and is soarocly built on oorreot lines. Oomss were a grand show, and have much improved since the time Soottie and Scrubber were the rivals for premiership. Lynott's haird of Shernbourno was alono in champion dogs, not looking as well as have seen him, still ho won the Collie Challenge Trophy for best Collio dog in the show ; same owner's Weliosbourne Royalty, also out of coat, winning that for bitches ; Heather Charmer being absent. The dog .class was one of the bcBt for quality in the show, tho judge alter much deliberation fixing upon Mr. A. J. Haldane's Laird of Air- threy for first. He is a long headed dog that might be hotter, however, in shape of hand. He lias also a light eye, but his ears are good ; and his general formation is of . the highest olass. He has un immense coat and a grand tail well carried, and must have como close ou the heels of theLaird of, Shcrnbournofortheohampion trophy. Seaond, Lynott's Prince of Wyoming; has; a long head, but is much too thick in check and Ioscb in coat to first, Third, Reynold's Surprise, not in my opinion equal to Jenny's Laird of Bucclough, who if in hotter condition would about go second in the class. Ho is not the dog ho was at Geelong, his coat being staring, besides being wanting in life and the aotivity he showed there. H. 0. Harrison and Horrook's Karori Hordwiok is also a useful dog, but not in form. Nancarrow's Laird of Ryde is a nice little dog, possessing good cars, but lacks liberty, and is on the small side, Ajax should also prove of service as a Btud dog, Westwood Victor was absent; Heather Jock was out- olassed. ' Tho Geolong winner, Aberfeldio Royalty, again stood at the top of the list in open alass bitohes. She is a vastly improved Collio, and must have run her dam very close for the ohampion trophy ; in fact, under some judges bo might have won, as Wellesbourno Royalty is not in coot. Brcmon Braw Lass again came in second, but, as.at Geelong, sho had luck on her side, for Jean of Ruthven beats her every where except in coat, and if Wollcsbourne Royalty should yin .championship honors out of coot, surely this bitch should havo enjoyed a similar priviloge. Laird of Airthrey, Princo of Wyoming and Laird of Bucclough took tho prizes .in the olass for 10 colonial breed dogs. Wright's Aberfeldie Royalty, Borsdoff'a Bremen' Braw Lass, and Laugbton's S. A, Buttereup, won in bitches. Puppy dogs numbered 13, and the ' winner Jook of Wyoming, by_ Laird of Bhernbourne out of Portington Belle, is a capital young dog, having his dam's quality ol head, oar and type, and some of his sire's substance without the coarseness. Cnrmiohael's Lothian Blair Athole is, to speak candidly, little more tban a weed, 'his ears are about the only real goo point about hint.' Third, Aberfeldie Hero, being better all round except in ears, which nie a shade' heavy and badly carried. He should cer tainly have gone up one, while Karori Houister is also suporior to second, but out of form. Win- grave Violet, tho winning puppy bitch, is a real promising puppy, with good head expression and ears, !b a nice size and has a fairly good coat. Second, S. A. Butteroup, another like making a nice . one. Third, Knowles's St. Beattie's. Lady, . also a nice ' little bitch, . but will not raako a first olass old one ' Mr. D. M'Loisb won most of the prizes .in the smooth division, showing the best team yet Been in the colonies of the breed. Karori HerdWiCk just beat Laird of Ryde in novioe dogs, Mr. John 0. Allan's Laddie XXXIL making a fair third. Bordorff's Bremen Braw Lass landed V — PRIZE DOGS AT THE SHOW. . firatiu'novice bitches ; b til),- with superior ears, betteriegs, feet and body iR lier favor, Aber- feldie . Quoeu -should have beaten . hor, Karoil Bell: receiving: third;. .Jnek'of. -Wyoming won easily enough in , the Produce Stahosj Aberfoldic Hero making a good second, and Korori Bell third. ;Mr. Lynott, as might bo expeoted, won the team prize... > . i : - : Bonn Terriers wore bettor than ever for quality, although not reaching the numbers they have done in the past, ! In champion- olnss .dogs Mr. S.; Floyd's light. cyed dog GlasslioUBo- Goiint was more than ltioky'to put down his siro Trentham Count, as tlio latter is better in every point except ooat, and in that ha is about equal ; certainly the old dog iB out a bit about.tho face and nook, and-bis teeth aro gone, but no man who understands a Bull Terrier 'would throw him out for that alone. Qucon of tlio South was alone lit the ohampion bitch olass, looking fit and well.' Windermere Count, belonging to Campbell and Miller, easily put down Balfour, having superior jaw, cheek, nook, legs and feot. In open class dogs under 30 lb. Glasshouse Rex won, with Henty's Ross seoond. C. Fowler's Rose XIV. beat Wither' Rose XIV;, hut the latter was much out of form. Bull Terriers under 20 lb. I scarcely call Bull Torriers, as they certainly lack stamina. A Dtulley nosed one, Glasshouse Sue, with a somowhat thiol; tail, otherwise tidy, won, hut on the former account J. Bonsor's Toby III. might liavo won, being also bottor in tail, nlso short of coat. Nothing special turned up in tho puppy dog olnss ; Glass house Curno, tlio winner, stands badly' on ids hind legs and is hollow in back and too full in oyc, Glasshouse Sue being alone in puppy bitohos. The Melbourne Basset Hunt Club exhibited, not for competition, n very grand pack of those novol little bounds, which attracted much attention from the public. There was also a good peek of Foxhounds on view, which, how- over, were not in tho catalogue. Dachshunds do not seem to make any im- Srovoment ; in fnot they appear to be going own. The best woro John Detmold's Herzen Froude, S. P. Wood's Havilah Lady and J. Detmold's Payclic. Fox TERRiEns improve yearly, and seem to gain more in popular favor. Never before has 3uch consistency of type been observed as an (ho present oocasion, and I prediat that another couple of years will bring us up to the old oountry for ovonness of quality. In ohampion dogs, Resist, Arius and Hunton Spark met to try oonolusians, bat the son of Ohampion' Result won with n lot in hand. In bitolies, Siddcley's \- Shelford Opal was placed over Melbourne Suc cess and Abbotsford Method. She is oh tho big side, and must bo getting a bit old ; still-slio lasts well and never looked more fit, but she lacks the true Terrier oliaraoter of Success. Nine open olass dogs oamo out in the open dog olass, and a better let of Terriers never faced our only judgo. Jack Frost was tho ohoseu one, and never looked better. He is a grand headed dog, with capital cars well placed, has good legs anil foot and stands straight all round, has good ncok, shoulders and body, but drpps a shade at the stern. New Forest Danger, wlio hover looked better, must, however, hnve run him hard for premiership, as, taken all round, there is little between them. Ha is, however, not so good in shoulders, and his oars are plaoed a shade low. Duncan's Cam, third, is also a good Terrier, hut is hot so good in front as the win ners, and lifs ears are hardly correotly carried. Rout, V.H.C., is scarcely so clean out in head as the winners, and is a shade thick in ncok. Of the 15 open class bitches there were three toppers, viz., Beilby's Miss Llna, Siddeloy's Shelford Malaohite and Brandt's Maitland Daisy. The former won, and is one of tho best shown for a long time, bhelford Malaohito is scarcely straight In front, and drops down behind the shoulder, but is otherwise a good Terrier ; still, it must have been a near thing be- tween-licr-niid Maitland Daisy, my oboioe being for the latter -for second plane ; they aro ail three,, however, capital Terriers, and only a good judgo can part them. Jaak Frost was again surproraohi colonial bred dogs, Cam well earning second plaoo and Gable Prince third, although I prefer Rout for third place, Gable Prince being short of coat and not clean enough iu jowl. Sliolford MalROhitcand Maitland Daisy were first and second in uolouinl bred bitches; a nice one belonging to Mr. Fathers making a good third. Puppy dogs wore 16 in number, and the Bris bane winner, Eurnm Lord, so well spoken of in our Brisbane report, was ohosen premier, a position bo wns fully entitled to; hois agontle- man ail over. He was, however, oioscly pressed by Findley's Nepean Riot, whilst Haddon's Heronwood Puok, another - good ono, camo in third. V. II. 0. Sk'.pton Dysart and H.C. Oumlodcn.Joo.also bIiow. good promise. Heron- wood Moth was a good winner in tho bitch puppy class ; she is a sweet little Terriar all ronnd, but a shade too cloddy, bub should site grow up during the next four months should make a champion. Mnkonior'n Tapley Lily, second, is short of coat and, like her sire Dysart Firenway, a bit leggy. Snowden'a Trennery Nell, was out at elbows. Tapiey Snowball, I he novice olass winner, is a nioe dog, but_ irregular in teeth, which will always go against him in good company. Ournalla Ghost, second, is a fair dog, hut MontmarenayII.,is too weedy. Acrisiono won in novice bitolies with Tapley Lily second. liuram Lord took the cream oil tlio Produce Stakes for dogs, Nepean Riot having the milk and Heronwood Puek the remainder of the stakes. Heronwood Won first In produce bitches, Tapley Lily and Father's Ampliitrite taking second and third. \- Skyes. — Sir-Moses ugain won in Skye dogs with Lowland Dork olose up second, Wylio's Lowland Edina and Silver Queen taking first and second somewhat easily in bltohes. Dandies still found tho same old school winning, viz., Fox's Lonsdale Badger in ebamnions, Fox's "Wliorry ill bitohes and S. O. Wood s Robin III. in dogs, no puppies being entered. Irish Terriers were a good show, Land grave II. being put over Baflyhooloy in oham pion dogs. It is only fair to say the latter was out of form. Kerry Fury had tho bitoh oIsbs to herself. In open dogs no less than nine com peted, Fenton's Dandy IV. being the selected one. Ho was luoky, however, to bent Robert son's Victorian Ambassador, who is oortninly a better color, and has a better ooat and hind quarters; failing only in neok, which oould easily bo improved. The Australian Ainbassadur, placed third, is also a good one. Trnleo Ban shee just beat Portglonone Vixen, a vory grand Irish bitcli, whose ohance was spoiled by having ono ear down. Nora III. is also a fair one. Green's Sligo and Donegal, both eons of the Viotorian Ambassador, won in puppy dogs ; whilst Glen's Kate Kearuelp, by the same dog, won in bitohes, with Lonsdale Vlda seoond. Kcllalac Boy won in novioo dogs, and Rich mond's 'Praise Kato in novio bitohes, the latter being just about the best Irish Terrier bitch with her oars on'cver shown here. Airedale Terriers are ooming slow bat sure, bub as I did not see them in the ring I nm not prepared to eritieise the awards. Mentono Ringmaster won in dogs, with King's Queensbury Belle, Thompson's Mentone Blossom and Addy's Mentone Ruby placed as speolfiod in bitohes, ; .Ajldy's ..Mentone. lYattie apd Ruby taking, first hiulTsceond ,in puppiosi , Yorkshire ' TpghiERS,— -Champion, Lonsdale Bisniarok was albne in Yorkshire champions, Ross's Prince of ' Leeds beating Miss Lcokniere's Lons'dalo' Te'd'dy in'open ' dogs! Ppbertson's Bradford Minnie scored easily in the bitoli olass, Iter superior tan and coat giving hor lots of start, Ross's Queen of Loeds is too silvery, us is also Robertson's' Lonsdale Peggy.' ' ' i Scottish Tkhhikhs.— Mr. John Robertson litorally swept tlio dook in Hard'Haired Scottish Terriers, Mr. Rac, 'tho judge, . handling them in good style. 1 ' " !l ' \- 'Australian Terriers. — Thero was a grand display ' of these interesting little I 'dogs, and for fixity of .type;' 'lib seotiori: in' the show oan' lay claim to greater obnaistonoy. ' In open olass blue and tan dogs, the well known ohampion, who must have won a score of firsts, again was awarded first. But why not hava a ohampion class as in -the other broods? Swan- wick's'Doii IV. "was seoond and Lowe's Drum- mond Jaok third. Stobie's Wattle, Bradley's Ashbiirno Lass and Stobie's Boseo won in bitohos. Gibb.V Redan Ruffot soorod in sandy dogs, whilst a good one, Sanitns Favorite, sooredin tho bitoli class ; Butt's Hopctoun and Morris's Stamford Nipper, bath A1 in quality, winuing in tlio under 7 lb. olasscs. Black and Tan Terriers wore good. Hogg's Ohampion Sir Burko bent Morris's Stam ford Jack in blaok and tan ohampion olass, the lattor gentleman winning in tho open dog atass with a good one in Stamford Major. A. Hart's Fulburn Pearl is a good bitoh, and won the special for best in open classes.' Stamford Dinah is also.a useful Manchester. BloomOeld Pearl woncaslly in the under 12 lb. elass. The toy olass contained nothing special. Puppies were a fairly good seotion, Mrs. M'Lennau taking all leading honors witli a good team. The remaining classes oall for no comment. Earl's Renown won the trophy far best Terrier in tho Show, Jaok Frost barred, and tlio now dog of the South Yarra kennels fully deserved hie high position. He is built on the same lines aa his kennel oompanion, Jaok Frost, and is if anything batter in body, but fails slightly iu carriage of ears. Ha is a good dog and retleots great credit on his purolinsor. 