The Reformation of Billy Gregg.) _._[BX-LPKE.gnAHE.1-.__...".-"-... J Beginald Babbington Tompkins lived down Crystal Palace way in the great metropolis oLJiondoOr-íbere-is-ao-harm-in-tbatríor many good and estimable people lire within sight of the great glass house, the proximity of which seems to make them somewhat chary about throwing atones. Consequently Tomp- kins was loth to tell Billy Gregg just what he thought of him. Billy had chambers in town, and whilc possibly this is not criminal in uself, yot it must be remembered that many wicked people live in town. Billy looked upon the wine when it waB red (in a Burgundy bottle) and white (in a bottle of champagne). The colour did not matter to Billy as long as the wine was sound and old. Youth and age never get along so hilariously as when the young man about town and old wine from the cellars meet. So the wicked Billy Gregg want ou his way rejoicing, aided by the lamp-poets, and cau- tioned by the police, until one night a new World burst upon him The world was peopled principally by animated Nature; monkeys and baboons such as never were capturnd by the Zoo ; but the chief ijhabi tants, besides Billy himself, were snakes. When Billy emerged from this zoological horror, he determined tu reform. Ho resol ved , to proceed with caution He did not go so far as to abjure liquor altogether-he telt that was asking too much of bia system-but he resolted to drink methodically, and he began to diiuk secretly, which is a daugeroua thing for a man. Tompkins called upon bim in bis chambers one day, and saw at a glance how things were going. So he invited Billy to come down and visit him from Saturday to Monday in the -virtuous precincts of the Crystal Palace. Tompkins was wise, and said nothing of re- form to Gregg, but he prepared a little sur- prise for him. Billy said that his nerves had somehow gone wrong, and that he would be glad of a a day or two of quiet with the grateful and comforting sight of the Crystal Palace before his eyes. Now, it happens that in the grounds of the Crystal Palace, and in an unfrequented part of them, for the crowd as a general thing haunts the immediate vicinity of the huge building itself, there is a lake with numerous islands, and a quiet shady walk around its borders. This lake is situated in a wooded dell in the low ground«, aB far as possible from the big building. It is a quiet spot of Soothing natural beauty, but art has added a peculiar horror to it. 9< On the island«, and by the margin of the lake, and here and there in the water, have been placed huge reproductions, in some waterproof material, of the antediluvian animals which scientists, doubtless suffering from the strong drinks of former day«, have imagined the earth to hare been populated with. No sane man believes that such creatures every existed on any planet called into being by an all-wise Providence. The punishment fits the crime, and the names are as horrible as the animals them- selves. There is the anoplotherium, the iguanadon, the palfflitherium, and other uncanny appellations. Long, giraffe-tike necks project up into the air from great bloated bodies. WiDged sea serpentB stand erect in the water. Huge ele- phant-like creatures with bodies like balluocs and ears like the wings of Satan, clamber up over the islands. GhaBtly nightmares meet one at every turn along the walk that fringes the margin of the lake. A ghost-haunted graveyard at midnight is a cheerful, enliven- ing spot compared with that lake at any time in the twenty- four hours. ' On Saturday afternoon Tompkins warmly welcomed hiß friend Gregg. "It will do you good, my boy," he said. " The air here is bracing after the used-up atmosphere of the city. 1 have a family season ticket for the Palace grounds. Come and let us take a peaceful country walk." " Isn't there sure to be a mob there," ob- jected Gregg, " on Saturday afternoons ?" " In the Palace, perhaps," said Tompkins, reassuringly, " but I know every inch of the grounds, and we can have a quiet chat and a stroll where we will meet nothirjg and nobody." And so the heartless Tompkins took his friend down the shady paths that led to the margin of the lake. Gregg did not care much for country walks. They were not in bia lin e, but he accompanied his friend uncomplainiagly. " What I like about this," said Tompkirjs, ?" is the refreshing quiet and rest Five dny^ out of the six in these parts of the grounds yon meet nobody; nothing greets the eye but the sylvan-" Jg;,Gregg nervously clutched his arm. " Por mercy's Bake," he cried, " what's that ?" "What's what?" asked Tompkins,looking calmly at his friend. ^," What ia coming out of the water?" Tompkins gazed serenely around, and looked at his friend with a certain surprise upon his brow. " I-see nothine," he said. " What was it ? A rnt. perhaps." "No, no," gasped Gregg, drawing his Tiand across his eyes. " It was not a rat. It was nothing. My imagination perhaps " "Tour nerves are overstrainti," said the innocent Tompkins. " Ton, have been work- ing too hard." " That's it, that's it," assented Gregg, with a tremor in bis voice. " Well, as I was sayiug," continued Tomp- kins, "the sylvan beauly of this spot makes it a favourite ramble of min*, especially in trreBveningr It bara Soothing "and calming effect, especially after-" Here Gregg caught Bight of the Pal» - therium. He resolutely bit an exclamation in two, and clenched his teeth-but he breathed hard. \ " Aren't you feeling well ?" inquired Tomp kins, anxiously. ^ " I am a bit shaken up," said Gregc, tremulously. " Don't let roe interrupt you You were speaking of South American stock», I think ?" " Yes," continued Tompkins, " I wns say- ing that when a man has put in a hard day's work, a restful scene like this, the smooth water in the evening light, the twitter of the birds, the sight of some gentle hare or pretty squirrel on the-" Billy Gregg suddenly pnt his banda on the shoulders of his friend, and his body swayed to and fro. "Por Heaven's sake," he cried, "look at that island, and tell me what you see. "What is that creature with a body likeSomer / set House, and ears like Battersea Park, climb- ing up out of the water ? You don't mean to tellmjBJheteJfljaothiDglhete£"_-, ^...^.^ "TompEins looked athis friend with well7 assumed amazement on his face. _"jOffigg."JiB-HaidJ' thera_ ifl_«ûmething the matter with you. Yan are not in the usual state of health. Does not your own good sense show you that there oan be no such animal as you describe ?" " I know it, I know it, Tompkins," he cried «uddenly, clinging to his friend. "I have lied to you. I admit it. I've had'em before, brit never in this Bhape. Tompkins, I ha»u been drinking too much. Take me home with you and write out a cast-iron pledge, and I'll [ sign it sixteen times. Call in all your friends to witness it, but for God's sake let us get out of this qniet, peaceful, sylvan retreat." Gregg's reform bas been so complete that he now lives at Brixton, but he breathes hard whoa anybudy mentions the Crystal Palace in his hearing. 