fgF PRIORY GHOST, \--~---- The one afternoon train was due at Middle ford-- small, straggling, and not very \- rosperous town, where terminated a branch line from a junction on the South-Western Railway-a line for which, after long pro tracted opposition and delay, a granthad been obtained too late, traffic having merged in the direction of a neighboring place. "Middleford ! Middleford! " As the train drew up at the platform, one passeno?er only, a young man of about eight or nino and twenty, stepped out and stood for a few moments looking about him as it in some uncertainty. He was, in fact, debating with himself as to whether he would, after all, pay the chance visit he had gone there to make. He had not gone by. invitation other than was conveyed in the words : "Don't forget to look me no if you chance to be anywhere in our neighborhood, Meredith," spoken by a young fellow between whom and himself there had been some degree of intimacy at the University, as the two parted to go their different ways. The usual words, not gene rally estimated above their value; and the idea of acting upon them had not occurred to Allan. Meredith until he found himself stranded for some hours at the junction, and, turning over the leaves of Bradshaw, came upon the name of Middleford, and remem bered that it was Laurence Verschoyle's place. Finding that it was not more than five or six miles from the junction, and that the train was just starting, he had, on the impulse of the moment, taken a ticket and jumped in. He stood for another moment or two still hesitating, little imagining' the influence his decision would have on his future life, and unable to account for his irresolution-a state of mind so unusual with him:.' He preaently shook himself free of the feeling, and decided, since he had got so far, that he would go on. He inquired the way of the Iporter, who had been curiously eyeing him, and leaving his bag at the station set forth for the Priory. As he walkoed along the not very interest ing country road, his thoughts reverted again to the man he was going to see. \Vhat had become of him since they had parted three years previously-Verschoyle, the first favorite of his set, who, with his good intellect, brilliant, witty and versatile, had seemed capable of almost any mental feat! True, he had done nothing beyond give the impression that he could do a great deal if he chose; "and," thought Allan .Meredith, ." carry home a sheaf of bills, I expect. He ought to have been the moneyed man; and I the one obliged to keep to the grindstone, perhaps. I don't know ;' the very necessity for doing something may have given him the kind of impetus he needed-to say nothing of having to keep up.the prestige of an ancient name,' which must be some spur to a man." He had reached the cross roads, and was recalling the somewhat vague directions the porter had given him. "Straight on till you come to a finger-post that seems to point back. to the station; but doesn't; take that road,, sir-the. Priory lane, it's called-until you come to a swing gate, leading into a field; cross that, keeping the footpath to theo left, mind you, till you see a stile; get over that, go through the lodge gates right opposite-though it isn't a lodge now, and there ain't no gates, only posts-and up an avenue, where all the trees have been out down, and there you are.. The old place you'll see before youis the Priory." Time and weather had effaced whatever information the sign post had once afforded and there was nothing for it but to take the direction in which it pointed. He walked slowly on, speculatine as to what sort of welcome he was likely to receive from Verschoyle's people. How little he know about them. Frank to effusiveness in some directions, Versachoyle could be reticent ,enough in others, and rarely alluded to his family. That he was anonly son, and at his father's death had inherited but the wrecek of a once large property, Allan knew. He had also heard that the widowed' mother was\still living. VWhat was Versehoyle doing? -living upon tho'small property, farming the land or had h_, as he had sometimes talked tof doing, gone in for literature, and carried his wares to the London market? At that time his wares 'had appeared to Allar Meredith likely to be worth a great deal; but, with his three years':added knowledge and experience, he was now inclined to estimate them some what differently. Verschoyle's intellect had, indeed, revealed itself chiefly by fitful flashes, brilliant and dazzling enough in their effect at the moment, but leaving no lasting impression of yery high powers: and this, 'with his mericurial temperament might render his success in the future doubt 'ful. Allan Meredith had proceeded some dis tance, and was beginning to thin!that he must have passed the swing gate; without noticingit, when, on turning a?'bbn d ih the lane, he saw arounggirl walking inadvance. He quickened his steps a "little in order to overtlre her, and make in4uiry as to whether he was going in the right direction', noting, meanwhile, her general appearance so far as to'infor that she was a farmer's daughter; or rather, as he thought with a half. ismile, what a farmer's daughter is conventionally supposed to be like. Thitk leather shoes, a plainly made gown of somne light grey stuff, and short enough for country walking; a large brown straw hat, with neither flower nor feather to adorn it; and ungloved hands, in the one swinging by her side a strap buckled round two or three tattered-looking books. After a moment or two he recognised'some thing more. Taking note of the firm, lirht step, the carriage of the head, the perfect ease and freedom of the tall graceful figure,he mentally ejaculated: "A lady; aye, and with some individuality of her own, too!" His step had evidently not been heard on the soft, springy turf, and he was fast lessen ing the distance between them, some curiosity Snow mingling with his desire' for information, when she turned, 'out of the lane and passed through a swing gate. Hereshe paused for a moment, looking back, and their eyes met. Yes; just such a lace as he, a dreamer of dreams, had sometimes pictured to himself, but hardly hoped to esee in the world of reality. A face too grave and troubled for her years- she looked barely 1S--but how beautiful with its clear. steadfast eves and general expres sion so simple, frank, girlish, and,, at the same tamne so intelligent and thoughtful! She wasregarding him with a surprised, questioning look, which reminded him that he was gazing too pertinaciously. A little consciously he lifted his hat and asked : "Can you direct me to the Priory ?" "The Priory?" she repeated in a low voice, her eyea fixed more intently' upon him. and her hand tightening on the gate. " Mr Versehoyle's place. 1 was directed at the railway station, but: do not feel sure that- " " Whom do you want to see there?" she put in abruDtly--almost ungraciously. Nor was the tone assumed; this was not the girl to affect the brusquerie of unconven tionality anymore than theauavity of conven tionality--it was rather that of one in deep anxiety, and' unaccustomed to veil her thourhts. . " Mr yerschoyle,"he replied. " On business !"--the expression of dread, of whatever it was, deepening in her face, white now to the lips; as, on the im pulse of the moment, she pressed back the gate as though to bar the way. " No,". he murmured. To have brought uenh a look to such a face ! She still eyed him with the same unquiet scrutiny, as though debating somethingin her mind; then hurriedly asked, "But why ? Where do you come from." He might'very well have asked what in terest his relations with Verschoyle could have for her; but he felt that there was some grave reason underlying her anxiety, and was not inclined to take- offence. Moreover, there was no necessity for mystery on his aide; and, therefore, he might as well reply openly and directly to her question. "From Graymiaster. My.name is Mere dith;" "Are you a friend of his? Mr Verschoyle is my brother;" still a little hesitaingly and, as it wore, on the defensive. He raised his hat again. " We were at (164) Wadcham togatler, Miss Vieracboyla, and chancing to be in this neighborhood, I thought I would look himr up for half an hour's talk over old times." The color came into her cheeks, and a smile to her-beautiful lips, although both faded too quickly. " I remember your name now, Mr Meredith. I hive often heard my brother speak of you," moving aside for him to pass through the gate as she added, "It you will come withme I will show you the way." He bowed, passing quickly through to her side. His indecision had entirely vanished now, and a visit to the Priory seemed the most desirable thingin the world. To think of Ver schoyle not mentioning that he had a sister and such a sister ! " I fear I must have seemed terribly rude when you first spoke 'o me, Mr Meredith," she said, looking up into his face with a smile,-aes they proceeded along the path that skirted the field. "The truth 'is, I was afraid-that is, I thought you were-some one else," flushing with the consciousness that she was saying more than she hadmeant to say. He hastened to assure her that it had been quite evident no discourtesy wa' intended; ,oenially, the while, congratulating himself upon not being " someone else," then quietly changed the subject. "I have not seen your brother since we left Oxford, Miss, Verechoyle. Your only brother, is he not f" " es; and I am his only sister. My mother, Laurence, and I live at the Priory." " Mrs Verschoyle is well, 1 hope?" with suddenly developed interest in everything that concerned her. "IMy mother is not worse, I am glad to say, than she has been the last five years. She is always an invalid." Had not Laurence toldhim that much' "Was it anxiety about her mother's health that had brought that look to her face ?" he was thinking. " No: it must be something "mcze than, or at any rate different from, the kind of trouble which might spring from such a cause." He murmured a few words of sympathy, her clear eyes turned to meet his, with how differeht an expression from that he had first seen in them! There was even a little girlish fun in them, as she asked: " What kind of place do you imagine the Priory to be, Mr Meredith ? " "Well, one naturally attaches a little medi.eval romande to the idea of a Priory;" adding, after a moment's reflection-there were certainly no signs of prosperity about her-"and it ought to be somewhat dilapi-. dated, I suppose-in the picturesque stage of decay. it must be difficult to keen those old places in thorough repair." " ery," she replied, her face shadowing. Then, with a side glance at him and again attempting a jesting tone, she went on: "Difficult, too, as it crumbles away, to find room for ancient retainers, old pictures, heir looms, and the rest of it. Now prepare your 'mind, Mr Meredith, when we turn this next bend-There is the Priory !" 'He was prepared now to see some dilapi- dated old place, but hardly for that which met his view. The Priory ! That desolate looking remnant of a building, standing forlornlyagainst the summer sky ! Portions of the walls, some hig'r, some low, and all of great thickness, still remained here, indicae tingthe plan of the old Priory: but at this distance, even these seemed to form part of the surrounding brickfields. By no effort 'of the imagination could the inhabited part of the building be supposed to be the abode of pros. perous people. All was desolation and decay. without picturesqueness. Even the aspect of the grounds about it, which might once have lent their aid as a setting to the picture, seemed now only to accentuate the fallen fortunes of thehouse. Every acre of the grohnd about it, once of some extent and beautifully' wooded, had been sold pieccmee 1- the greater part for bricki.elds. On the i sle they were approaching there seemed no redeem. ing feature in the dismal scene. No; not likely to be spacious reception-rooms nor offices, for an army of ancient retainers there ! Courtesy itself was dumb ! "The Verschoyles have not much left to be proud of, you see, Mr Meredith. We are not invadedby picnic parties and artists in search of the picturesque; but you see the worst of it from this side." At that moment the figure of a man was seen emerging from some side entrance, and hurriedly making his way towards the ruins, in an opposite direction from that whence they were approaching. "Laurence !"-hurriedly calling out, as he seemed to take no heed. " Afriend to see you." He turned: seemed to hesitate a moment; then came slowly towards them. As he drew nearer, and recognised who the visitor was, he hastened his steps, his whole face brightening. " Meredith!" he ejaculated, in a tone of relief. " \Vhere have you sprung from? How are you, old fellow? Quite well ?" Allan Meredith grasped the hand extended towards him, all the more heartily, perhaps because it 'as the hand of Mliss Versehoyle' brother, as he explained, "I was at the junction, and being so near, thought I would look you up." " Glad toseeyou, old fellow. You know thisis my sister?" " "Yes; Miss Verschoyle was good enough to show me the way." She turned to leave them with the words: " Dinner will be ready in an hour, Lau rence." " Allright !" -Meredith had time now to notice that there was the same expression of dread in thd brother's face he had seen in the sister's, but with' a difference. In her-faceit was simply fear: in his it.was this and something worse. Unlike his sister, looking straight at you in "her trouble, his eyes were either downcast or averted; shifting uneasily from one object to another. The wholeman was changed-it seemed " demoralized-since Meredithhade last seen him. Bisveryfigure had lost its elasticity, and become slouching and cowering. " What have you been doing with your self the last three years?' 'asked Meredith. "Oh, all sorts of things; going to the bad. chiefly. Not much opportunity for doing that or anything else heie, you may think," noticing the direction which the other's eyes took. " No; I. bave gone iarther afield. Spent two years ii London; tried my hand at all sorts of things, and failed. I am a failure all round." "Nonsense, man; if you take that tone you may be." "There is no other tone to take, now," moodily. " Give up in that way. with your abilities, and the world before you !"' " It seems easy enough to you, I dare say. It did to me before I tried. There -is no need for you to put your theories to the test, oryou might find that men occasionally fail, even though they have hands and brains to work with. Some have to go down, and I'm oneof them-that's all!" "' That is not Miss Versehoyle's creed, I think?" "My sister! She has been telling you about the wretched teachming business, i sup pose? She, at any rate, is not cursed with the family pride. I can't endure to see her go about giving lessons to the clodhoppers roundhere. Doesno end of drudgery about the house, too." [TO BE CO'TIcNUED.l 