THE MYSTERY OP THE TOWER. A. TAIIK OF THBLLLIKe IiJTEBEST, ;•'• \- CHAPTEB XXXV. ' : BELLE TETLUMPHAET STILL. * . • Br HELEN COBW1N PIEBCE, . the two men and Mrs. Turfit drew near, Kenrick Prince raised himself slowly, to a sitting posture, and clasping ME wife elose, looked at them calmly. * All three stopped as snddeuly as though theyhad struct an invisible wall. i f lhe men turned an anxious troubled gaze back uponCaptain Donning. " Mrs i'urfit i''exclaimed Mr Trent, in his most drawling tones, but most eig-oificantly, also. The woman started violently, and went to Sibyl with a sort 61jerk. : ° You are to come mth me, Mrs. Prince; —you are to come right away!" Turfit said, excitedly, taking hold of Sibyl's Arm. 1 K^^pc; stared at her .wonderiiigly faM;: indignant. "" ' " What is thit, Mrs Tnrfit ? Let go; my jrife'sarm!" 'V'-'F^'iv''* "The housekeeper obeyed himinstahUy andstood looking as if she wished : the \- earth would open and swallow her. . Captain Dunuing's assistants seemed to- feel almost as foolish as she. They did not like trying to handle a man with a woman's arms around him, and -sucha lovely lady, too! - ^ : Captain Dunning stood biting his slips; and frowning ; " It is enough to drive a man oat or-; his wits, or. make wonder if he ever tad" any," he aaid, to obsequious and officious \- Mr. Trent. " That fellow there has Jjeen in the Byde Penitentiary three years,., under niy charge. He has got seven-maie 1 to serve. His name is Jttick Haisey, knd he is one of the meanest, most cowardly villains that ever lived. He has got away from me twice, and ever since his reaapture after the first escape, has had Ithe' impudent flaring to insist that he is taot' Haisey, that he never saw me nor the penitentiary till he was taken there this last time! X, know he is Eiek Haisey! I know him better—or worse—than any inan that, was ever under my charge; and yet he" has the impudence to claim that his name is ^Kenrick Prince, and his home here at Knellen To cap the climax, she poor, lovely, crazy creature there has tiken a.whitn to-imagine him her ? husband! And£he dou8 it well, too. ' Prince's crazy princess/ they call her down in the tofrn, and she is beautiful efibugh for aqueei or an empress. Look at them—look ! Upon my soul, 1 believe they are both mad, or else 1 am. Where can Mr. Prince be? i wish he would come -and confront this fellow, and attend to his^own wife. That is out of my line. Why don't he come? It is very odd that nobody can find him." " He may have gone down-into the town on some errand," drawled Mr. Trent. '• 1 will send some one to see, if you don't mind waiting." " But I do. X have waitedtoo long now on this miserable business. What am I to do with her ? He must g->, of course ; but; there will be a.scene. She will make a; worsefuss probably than if she were really his ftife." ^ "&hftye;"an. idea»'' droned|Mr.4Etent,'',; "thai if ifli Prince comes inandsees that,"': jerking his head in Sibyl's and Kenrick s direction, "-there Trill be considerable of a scene anyway. 1 don't .believe there will be enough left of your man Haisey, by the time Mr. Prince is through with him, to be worth taking away." - Captain Dunning looked startled. Kick Haisey!" he exclaimed, rising his voice. " You know yon ha veto come with me. Youknowit as well as 1 do. Will you do it without a.fnss, or shall i have to take you by force. Aquick shudder ran through Kenrick. He lifted his handsome head and- looked at . Dunning with, eyes that made that worried gentleman's breath come quick. His arms tightened about his wife. "Captain Donning," he said, all I ask of you is a fair hearing—a bare investigation of the facte. 1 am Kenrick Prince, -andthis Mr Prince whom they are pretending they cannot find, is my twinbrother; Jasper. He was in your charge •onderthe name of Bick Haisey." Captain Dunning broke into an angry laugh. " See' here, Haisey, 1 don't want any more of this!" he said. "I know you, and you know me! You may - have as many twin-brothers as jou like, but you are Kick Haisey! That is fact enough j for me, and if there is a spark of decency left in you, you will release that unhappy lady who imagines you are her huseand, and come along before worse happens."' ' Kenricd Prince looked down into the clear, beautiful eyes of his wife. " Imagines'." he repeated, with a quiver-: ing smile, and kissed her passionately. - Captain Dunning clenched his hands; mid took a step forward, then paused/ grinding his teeth, \- Ini spite of him, against his will, Kenrick Prince. impressed and affected ; him strangely. To-save his life, he could .not hate Kffnrick—he could not feel bitter and vengeful toward him as he had been in thehabitof feeling toward Jiick Halkey, and that very fact angered and exasperated him fearfully. ill I ask of you," Kenrick said, " is to tfenfront ine/m.th the man you suppose to beKenrick Prince." . ., " A much easier, shorter and safer way," Mr. Gervaee Trent suggested, significantly, to Captain Dunning, " would be to confront him with these servants gathered in the corridor. Most of them have been here for yeara/ sid never heard of any twin * brother business "before.'' _ " Very few in this part' of • tie country Ever did'hear it," Kenrick . said,' quietly., "My mother's second husband, Colonel Bdel, never heard of my brother Jasper. My father was a very proud man. Hp. considered that Jasper was a_disgraee to his family, and disowned /him for some' timebefore he died. ! He would not allow Jasper's name to be mentioned an his: house. Back where we used to live, before . my mother, married Colonel finel, '.Jasper was supposed by most to be dead. We let f-h^m think «o. : • 'My mother never told Colonel Jlnel of Jus existence. These are all. Colonel Kuel's servants. Of course, they never heard that i had atwm brother. It was a carefully treasured secret, known, . to -veiy few outeideour own immediate family? Mr Trent had the cool effrontery:and in-, solence to shrug his> shoulders as Kennct ceased tpeaking. and pretend-to <conceal a laugh behind his hand. • ••S; \- Inreality,Belle waesenouslyafraidher .father .would be impressed by thistrue 6tory so simply and naturally told, it amazed her that he was not., " YoumightBee whatthe-'servants- say to this felJow," she < suggested, in her Ttent vroee, to her-father, ipth a faint sneer. „ '• They ought to know him if he is JLenfick Prince. Of course there 16 a 'sort of resemblance - between the "two men—- Haisey and Mr Pnnce—but it wouldn't deceive me fera of second time,thongh -I: \- nfever saw either of them-tall this morning.' Perhaps, when - the servants have pronounced on him; lie will shut, up and be mere reasonable." . £enrick frmcerose withsome difficulty .:. from the couch jon- which-he- was-atting, andadvancedfilowjys intothen&erfraom;, < IUB arms still about his -wife. _ y "Let me J Eee the servaiitB," he caul, feebly; and wiffiUTe faintest of EadsmileSj f I don't fhiyiV they will deny me/' Gdl Jiiem-4ii," jDnnning <said; Hath, an air of mingled Tesignation and ,imjpataence. , ^ * "knd the vrlioletrooplironged awkwardly 7 4}hrongh the door. " The old gardener, James -Beese, -was noj^ , eauaag them. r^Cnnnmg JBelle had sent him to the villagetolook for Mr. Prince. • The others and bewildeted. Mr Trent h^ becn amoiig them, teUing them that a runaway convict, who looked a little like iir Prince, was in there, and that Mrs Prince, who they all knew was mad, had taken up the notion that he was her husband. Kenrick Prince didmot iook much Uke himself. Hie clothpe were soiled and torn .he iad on a colored 'flaiiiiel shi't; but for the kindness s of the friend, a young physician in the sick ward, who had helped him away, Jie would -have_ been wearing the convict stripes. * ' These servants of his mother's—these men and - w6mei£ who wen; calleti upon .now ..to. say' whether he~-w^»Eenrick : frioce—had never before -seen him otherwise than elegantly and faultlessly attired. , His .hair was cut close, hia liiindsome beard was gone, and his face, beBides being tbin and emaciated arid diafigured by a dark lump on one temple, made by Jasper's fist, -looked-rough ihd strange with -tfee - new growth of short-beard cpon it. s:: Xt scarcelystrange that, -having accepted- Jasper as Kenrick so long, they should be Unable"new' to recognise ftas frightfully changed Kenrick as himself. Poor Kenricki threw up his gallant.head proudly and looked at them. He w&s; so sure that these;- bis mother's -dependaiits, who had known him and loved him so short a time ago, wouldstand by hiiunbw eag^ly. ... Bnt when Captain Dnnuing questioned them, they only looked scared ami confused and" were .dumb. > Kenrick'drew h's breath hard, and a cold thrill ran through him. " Now then, will you coine, atti ho iiore fuss?" said Captain Dunning. " You ssee none of tfeese people will own yon.," ' Sibyl'S ' beautiful, 'indignant eyes were flashing over the group of dumb, half Bt unned Beiranti. They fell on the shrinking,' cowering. ghastly-faced honsBkeeper; •• Mrs Turfit J" she cried, you will Snot deny- him 3 You brought me out of ithe tower in the night to see him " The woman did not utter a -word, only bang her head, shuddering, and tried to hide,, behind the others. " Mrs Tarfit," called Mr Trent, verj per-, emptorily, " be to good as to step out here, and tell us what you know about iliig business 1" The trembling housekeeper did not dare refuse. 8he came forward, slowly enough and without looking at anybody. Come, -come. ciadam ; there : is nothing, to be scared about," Mr Treat said. But -the woman knew better "Did you," pursued Trent, ever Bee this, man; who is -pretending tb be Air Kenrick Prince, till in the middle of last night, when the real Mr Prince came to jour room and told jon to bring a lunch to his apartment 1 And whenyon diiit you found this fellow with him? IfithatsoJ" Mrs Tarfit knew by his tone what was expected of her, and she answered, with a shiver: >" Yes, sir—yes I"" "Mr Prince told you then, did he not, that the fellow was a disreputable relative of bis whom he wished to Jnde and shield, andaskedyon to help him?' ' Again Turfit knew what wa« expected, and quavered fortha shudderiag affirmation. She was shuddering and •shaking so she could scarcely stand. The mean and selfish creature had one soft place in her hard and cruel heart. It was for Kenrick Prince, and she was called upon to: betray him—the only being in the whole worldjshe-cired for beside herself. Bnt she loved hetself best after all, so die ; did it. ; Kehrick stood a moment staring at the lying woman/ghasdy white and as if turned to stone; -Then, putting Sibyl from him, he s'rode forward and caught Tutfit fiercely by the arm. " - " You,'too-^you }" he utteredj in a voice hoane with rage acd horror. : "Now," whispered Trent—"now is your time, captain! Quick! I'll keep Mrs. Prince." CHAPTEB XXSVI. BBTEATEDI \- They fell npon him like wolves-^-the two assistants and Captain Dunning. " Now the bracelets 1" Quick as light the ignominious fetters clasped those pale and wasted Prists. Kenrick made no fight He could notr if he had tried, for he hkd not the strength. He stood looking at them—^t Captain Dunning with such a contemptuous light in his fine eyes, his handsome lips curved into a contemptuous. smile, that the - exasperated> warden writhed, though he believed he was only doing his duty. A cry that was more like that, from some waunded animal -than- as though ic came from human,lips, broke iErom Mrs Turfit. Sibyl made one desperate attempt- to reach her husband, and -stood still, barred from him by Mr Trent. " Mrs Turfi t!" drawled the disguised voice, csmmaudingiy. And the trembliag, shuddering, h*rrorstricken creature dare not refuse obedience to that call. Sibj-1 stood at bay. She looked from one to the other. She felt that if she persisted in trying to rcach her husband they would stop her by force. : " Yon are a false and wicked woman !" she said to Mrs Tarfit, who qasiled and shrank at the words as if they had been blowE. lhen she turned upon Belle : " You-are Tery -cleverly disguised, Lucy tenner, but 1 know you r -What have you donewith :Mr .Bicfcifalseyl, Have you hid him under a woman'egui£e, asyou are trying to conceal yoargelf under a,man's"?" Belle recoiled at the first words, but was herself again or himself, as you lice}, before Sibyl had finished speaeing. She . glanced sharply at Mre. Turfit, aiid Basv th^t the hoiiseKeepa did not seem to have understood Sibyl—too much overwhelmed with her own remorse and horror, perhaps. . " The poor lady is taking me for a •woman how," Belle drawled, in her most Trentisli tones. " Captain Dunning," spoke Sibyl, raising her voice. " Did' a woman «scape at the same time"with Bick^ Haisey'?"- " \- Captain Dunning started. He had been vsgaely conscious of something familiar abont Mr Trent all the-time.. .He knew what ltwae now> It came to him like a fiash. He went toward him. < Belle/'- he: exclaimed, in low, agitated, A shudder -ran through the disguised woman. A dread misgiving concerning all the probable consequences of-this discovery, rushed over her. • There was no possible use in denying herself. She knew ihat-whomever else she might adeceive, she could not impose npon her futiier* He knewher better th an Sibyl Prince did. What to ,do .about Jaeper w as ihe next question. -Could she ebllmake -her father bekeve, that Kenrick Prince was .Eiek Haisey? She looked at Captain. Donning entreatmgly. Wait," shB whispered. " It is all right. J^veH^eywithihemenandcomeinto the other room with me." " But how about Mte Prince ?" ieasked,' ; " Oh," glancing angnly at Sibyl, "she: . Is never violent!' We can attend to- her afterward." : They went into ne bedroom and shut fche door.: C^tam Damiiiigiooked:pained andanxionB. " I don't like the looksjjfaH tins, Belle," hesaid. "WhatdoesItmeanP' \- -Belle 3anghed,-1)ut in a tnosfc nhpleasasit way. " Simply that 1 am liere -on the same bnBinesa, virtaaUy, as Joaare, and £ bad to -disgoise myEeilf Sifek from tnowing Ehe- answered, "boldly. .Captain Dunmnglookedpuzzled. "I don't know lytat to mate of you, Belle.- you came'there toilie prisonahd made me think yon had got entirely over yourfatalrinfatoafMnfor.thatwrefcdi, and all the while it was only a schemfe toget near him aad help .him..get -away. ~ "helped Mm escape thenTnow—" Sow," broke in BeUe, with an air b£ bitterness and rancor, "i have forgiven him for the last time. He lias repaid me for all my goodness to him with new abuse and neglect, and I Want to put him back behind the bars again and keep him there. I guess, father, I have got over my infatuation at last." Dunning was completely.derived. "My poor Belle—my wronged, unfortunate child I But why this extraordinary, disguise?" he said. "It was the only way I could obtain a footing in the 'houBe aiid find if be was surely here. He would have known me in any other guise, and would have gone away before I could send you word, as f meant to." ." And you think you are surely cured at last ?" he questioned. " Yes, cured!" Belle said, firmly. "He can't have any suspicion regarding you, or vhe would hardly fall in with Mrs Priace's fancy ths,t he is her husband BO readily. He is a bold one, and a sly one. Well, I don't think he. wili get aw ay^gain till his time is up. I hope you. really ar *. cured. Belle. I will get you a divorce, and you can yet "marry some decent Tn«-ri per-, haps.- You. will come home now and stay with your, poor old father, won't you ?" " Presently, father,'' she' said; avoiding his eyes, and ashamed in her heart—which was a loving one in spite of allT-of tiie You had -better come with - me at once. Get iid of this dreadful disguise, and come with me now." " That is impossible. I will join you soon, can't go now!" " I don't like leaving you here. Aad how about this man Prince J He is avoiding me, iBn'the?" "I thiiik so. You see, Haisey is a sort of relative, distantly, and he has been concealing him. I presume he prefers to keep out the way till you are gone." " Do they look any alike ?' " Yee, some." " That-accounts partly for that-lovely young wife of his taking-up the freak that Haisey is her husband." " Yes, of course . Gat him «way nbw. f»ther, as Quickly as possible, for my sake: 1; want it' over and done with. Mr Prince might .come in on us, aud then there would be a scene ^especially if he learns how Mrs Prince has been going on with HalBey." They opened the doar and returned-to the Oth'TS. Sibyl had disappeared. The instant they had left the room, Sibyl disengaged herself •from the dazed housekeeper with an imperiousuees- which' the -woman could cot withstand. She went to Kenrick, whose captors were looking and feeling very uncomfortable Not that ihey doubted their prisoner being Haisey, but he was eartainly a delicate, refined - gentleman, whoever he was, aud his 6ad, handsome, unhappy face touched them. Deep down in their hearts they felt that something was wrong—just what they could notiell. Sibyl's extaordinary loveliness, toi, impressed them. ""She looks too sweet ind beautiful to be crazy," they whispered to each other, more than once. " Darl'n," said.Sib;l to her husband, " we have a few minutes more. Try to think of something. You see, we are both so horribly tied—you because they all persist in believing you Haisey; I because they say I am mad. If we tad only one friend I I can't bear to have you go back to chat horrible prison—you so ill and weak. You will die there before "help can come 1" . " I can stand it, Iicin't stand that 1" Kenrick buist forth. '• It is you I fear for. I begin, to see as I-never did before what a remorseless and cruel villain Jasper iB. To think of his hardihood in claiming you, .pretending that iyou are his wife! fie will do desperate things sooner than be beaten now. I am afraid he will tjy to put you in an insanie asylum. If we could only find them, l w Sibyl—if we could only confront, him -with Captain Dunning 1"- —r Just at- -this juncture, Mrs Turfit, wildeyed and white with fear of the consequences ofher own daring, put her trembUag hand • on Sibyl's arm and drew her ear down to her lips. " I'm almost sure," she whispered, barely so she could be heard, " that the HaUey one is in yonder. I've watched these rooms all the morning, and I never saw him go out; nor he ain't gone, it's-my opinion," Sibyl darted instantly to the door of the room indicated. It waa locked, the key reposing in Mr Tfeht's pocket. But Mrs Turfit, in her. capacity of housekeeper, had a duplicate, which she whipped out and gave her. Sibyl opened the door,and we"t <n boldly. Theapartment was a sort of dressing-room aud bath-room combined. There was no one in it, but a door opposite the one by which she had'entered stood apart, and she was sure-she got the' glimpse of a pair of glittering eyes at the crack. As she went toward it, the crack disappeared, and when she tried to open the door, though it wa> not locked, she could not do, so. Someheavy weight, like some one standing, eeemed against it. She tried it for a moment, and was turning away..toseekiielp/" when she was suddenly confronted by Mr Trent. '"'' "' , Only for fen instant, however. MrTienti after one raging glance, drew back quickly, shut the door again, and locked it, V; 1 ' She was trapped! CHAPTEB XXXVH, JAiUS BEESE SEES THE GHOST A6AIK. " Get your' man out of the houBe with as little delay as possible now," Belle said, in ier Trent voice, to her father. ' Itwjllsave trouble if Mrs Prince does not eee him gn." : Poor Kenrick stood for a pipment like^a statne of despair. The pallor of his delicate facewasalmostfrightf ulto see. ... •- Aiid he could * do nothing, absolutely. •Weak, fettered, about to be dragged "ofi ignominioaBly to prison as another man—what could he do? • A. groan broke from :his< white and .<juivering lips. Two or three teais, wrung forth by his mortal agony. rolied' doWn his cheek. Captain Dnnning averted his iface at the eight., Villain—vilest of.the vile—as he believed Kenrick to be, he could not look on these tokens of apparent SbSeting nnmoved,- " How he hates to go bank to pnson," he thought, and : was samazed- to find himself pitying the wretch. The two men who had hold ol Kenrick urged him along, not roughly, but strongly, with decision. The unhappy young man turned his wild and angBisbed -face_toward the group of Waring servants. . " Is there ndt one among you to speak up for me he -cnedj mv.deeperate, almost fierce, accents. " George Boe, whs got Madam Euel jpo "take you on here at the Hall without a character? Lizzie Travera, who gave your old father the money to keep him Irotn losing the little home? Who -sat up with you in the fever, ifred -Stacy ? You can't -remember—-you don't know me—not one of you J" Those headdreffiedloekedfnghtenedand startled^BO did theothers. But they did not knowi, himan -his;^changed appearance, and' they did firmiy-betueveJasper, who had been pretending to be his brother so long, was Kennck, Not one of . them uttered a word. All shrank: and cowered .away, as if -afraid of him. Benrict'sfcaggerad, and leaned heavily on Ms - guards. -Between ^ weakness sndagitation, it was as much as te could ^o to keep his feet They had almost toicairy him. > As they reached the he^dof tiie great "Bta!rs, 3ani°s .Bee8e appeared, :refcnrmng ;£rom the fruitless qneS; on which IMle }iad artfully sent Him. .-She Wastaore ^raid of*thifit>ne oldman -recognimngi Keiirick: than;. of jall'th)e rest put together. Jttoes Eeese sfcood_ aside to let ihem pass, a sorrowful look in hiB Mnd eyes. •; •:, : He®tej±ed>violfiirtiy at^Eight tsESEenrick, and his face took on a deaden, livid line, " Its the—the-ghostJ-'-ie stammered, wildly, «toringSB8r^MBfgyesSwould'Kinie cutflfhisliead. - With a-sudden, unexpected'movement' Kenrick threw himself forward and -laid his - manacled hands on the old znan's 7 - breast, pressing iiim back against the heavy, carved oak banister. : "James Beese,don't you:know ine?" he almost shrieked in the startled inan'e eara . "Mr Prince," uttered.Eeese, brokenly, and in frightenedjerks.' "Yes—sir. Yfes- —l-^know-—you. Did—I-^cver—say—I— ! didn't, sir - " CapfcainlXunniiig," drawled the peculiar tones of Mr Trait at tlriB moment, " that old fellow is one of Haisey'e confederated. I know all about him." The warning, coming from the source it. did, had weight. • " Move on I move on I" ordered Dunning, to his men. "Take along,- whether or no." They obeyed, in spite of KenHck'fi frantic straggles,' hia -wild prayers and; entreaties. . But suddenly these -ceased. Kenrick Prince, weakened already by iilnesa, injuries and wicked drugs, had reachei the limits of his powers of endurance- Exhausted nature gave way, and he fell into a deep swoon, from which he did not rally till he was far away from Euellen Hall ' And so they bore him away. The old gardener following them with horrorstricken eyes .X^isjaJUi. ... He^aade Bbnie attempt to interfere,"to question, hut was' eo ruddy-repulsed that' he gave it hp. It was an incomprehensible -business to! If he heard what Belle called out to her father, he did not understand itH-eertainly never dreaming that She meant hini. Belle, as she drew back after the depirtare, felt that though she had won the" nattle, it had been at bitter cost. " I am not sure but it has cost me more than it would to have lost it," she muttered gloomily. "That is an awful thing I have done J sending that good, unhappy-man to prisonin Bick's place—after alii promised his mother, too—promised and swore to perform. And all for what ?" She smiled bitterly to hersdf. " After all I proimsed myself, too, about; revenge • for all Rick: has made me • suffer, this is the way I take it. But there is time enough.yet.' ! • She looked up and saw Mis Turfit watch- • mg her The servants were filing "aw*y towards the kitchen to talk it over. She was recalled to herself, or rather to hesr assumed self, by the etrkhge expression of Mrs Turfifs eyes. " Well, what are you looking at?" she demanded, in her Trent voice. " I am looking at yon, Lucy Venner!" the housekeeper returned, with a vicious air. " Give me back them rings!" "Those rings,youmeani" drawled Belle, with an indescribably mockirg. accent. " The rings you stole from poor, dead Madam Buel's" room ? Mr Prince and -1 can both testify to that." As she spoken Belle pushed Mrs Turfit, unresistingly, inside the roam from the corridor, and followed her, Shutting the door. " He is no more Mr Prince than you are Mr Trent!" burst forth the housekeeper, with blanched lips, "and I wish I had told Captain Dunning what I know about the two of you 1" "Yes? What a pity you did not!" Belle said, with cool insolence. " It is not too late yet," the housekeeper retorted, defiantly. " 1 think it is," Belle said. " You don't suppose he would believe snything yon' could say about Mr Prince now ? Asjpr Mr Trent and Lucy Venner, he knows a great deal more about them than you do. it won't work, Mrs Turfit. You will do ell to mind your own business, and the ess you say about those rings the better— for jou." Mra Turfit was quelled, ae Belle. Eaw. ,„ . " Now/' said itelle, " I want you to go at once and see if the rooms in the tower which Mrs Prince has been occupying, are in good order." "What for?" the housekeeper asked, sullenly. - " That is none of your business, but I mil tell you," Belle returned, coolly. " Mrs Prince is going back to them for the "For the present ?" persisted the house! eeper,."and taen—" Belle gave her a queer look. "Oh, her husband will decide that," she said. " Perhaps he will take her travelling." " Travelling, -indeed," • mattered Mrs Tarfit, as she went away tin her errand. " 1 know what .the pur of rogues mean to do, and I wish I knew how to balk them, and dared do it" Belle went back into the room where she had left Sibyl. As she opened the door, she was wondering—as indeed die had wondered ever since she locked it—why all was so ,quiet there. Why had Sibyl sot made more fuss ? . It was not like her to accept a bad Eituation BO easily. H.TBM nfext moment hei passionate heart was beating wildly with jealous rage and [hatred. Sibyl was lying back in a Jifge easychMr, her eyes closed, her lovely face cold and pale, as though she were dead. ; On his knees beside Jher, Jasper was chafing the slender white- bands eagerly between his own, and every now and chen pressing his li^ to those soft, snowy Inwardly raging with fiercest jealouBy, Belle went in very:quietly, and Jasper,' iii ; his otter absorption; did not know-she was there. ."'.. - • • (To be continued.). 