THE MEETING OF THE. SHIPS. Just aft of our beam comes the risingbreeze, A point aud a half on tho starboard quarter. The sharp bow she ersthrough the long, slow seas, Aho port guy slackens, the sheet strains tauter. Over the tuffrail, fading fast, The land we leave lies a dim blue haze ; Tho downhauls are throbbing against the must . To the sting of the wind through shrouds and stays. Whiter and swifter the foam-wreaths fly Along the lee and the eduyiug wake ; Over our heads sounds tho seagnll's cry, > The mainsail leach has a quivering shake. "Nothe-eaat half-nothe," the Navahoo ' speeds To win, if she may, the lost cups back, To break tho record of yachting deeds, To follow tho Viking's ancient track. And lo, on the eastern board a strange, Weird phantom of eld doth ghost-like loom, The head of a broad brown sail in the range Of the tapering point of our lithe jib- boom. We watoh, as she rises by slow degrees, Till we may froin our deek with the glass discern A freeboard all but awash to the seas, A dragon prow and a castled stern. A row of shields of the bull's-hide black Fends off the crests of - the breaking wave3 i . Slight guard 'mid the gales of the Skager Rack, Or where Categnt rolls o'er the Norse men's graves. To port' and to starboard along the waist The stout ash oars fore and uft are triced; Sharp on the wind is the one yard braced, ' And the shrouds and stays are all knutted and spliced. For ballast are chests of the carven oak Lashed up with cordage twisted and browD, Filled with the arms of the Norseland folk, Rich with the booty of castle aud town. There are holms and corselets, aud bills and bows, .Pole-axe, and halberd, and morgenstcrn, Grappling-irons which the Viking throws V\ hen the shrinking foemen to flight would turn. By the side of the huge casks, stained and dusk With the brown of the ale and red of the wine. Lie the drinking-horns of the walrus tusk, Hooped with the silvor of Trondhjcm's \- mine. There aro trophies of war and spoils of the chase, Skins of the seal and furs of the bear; The blades are bright and the weapons in place, But the garments sea-stained and worse for wear. With a sweeping yaw and a sharp come-to, Rolling and pitching the seas athwart, She vexes the souls of her weury orew, Whose watches are long and whose sleeps are short. Like a strong bird balanced on wings wide spread, True to her course as the arrow's flight, A vision of beauty, a dream of dread. The Navahoe glides on the Viking's sight. Since Leii Erikson skirted the Vinland coast Nine centuries now do their course com plete, As the Pride of to-day and the Old World's Ghost, The cup-rewinner and Viking meet. 