THE PROFESSIONAL PLAYER. It is always assumedthat the profQgsfc:i&£ . player of a musioal instrument Is socially . soperiurto the akttled mcohsuioor v&bn;, 1 . to^ghttemlsno reason in the world why orchestral player may be a person of flfihrigMshea culture and anflfws ; hut he ?aajdiDlbe liberate, waiie, drunken, sot eornputously honest, and, tn short, a person - whom Mnnln composers and conductors wonld net eanAoy if fis mechanical dexterity - «0Od^dliM^ With. An oqraaist may he inevety respect &e; Wyerior of the Motor, bnt he Is fust as likely to be the Inferior of ^thekeeper of the vilage shop, who does notoomplain particu larly about his status. Some Of the more iunooent of my readers may be shooked at this, and may demand of me whether a man whose occupation is to interpret Handel, Mosart, Beethoven, or even * Jackson in B flat/ is not likely to have a more elevated soul than a buyer and seller of pots and pans. I reply, not in the least. Ton might as well aBk whether a navvy, constantly employed ou vast engi neering schemes, is not likely to be more large-minded than a watchmaker. Take a man with a quick ear and quick fingers ; teaoh him how to play an instru ment ana to reaa stan-notauon ; give aim some band praotice ; aud there you have your 'professional,' able to do what Wagner I oould not have done for the life of him, but no more neoessanly a musician in the wider sense than a regimental marksman or broad sword instructor is necessarily a general or a master of foreign polioy. He need make no more distinction be I tween Beethoven and Brahms & com* I positor does between Shakespeare and I Tennyson : even when he has an exoeption I ally fine sense of the differenoe between good 1 ana bad ereoation, he may not have the ghost of an idea of the differences between good and bad musio. Orchestral players good enough to find constant employment in the beat European orchestras, and jet with the manners, ideas, and -conversation of ordinary private soldiers, are less common than formerly; but they are still contemporary faots, and not at all anomalous ones, exoept to muddle-headed people who imagine that every man who oan play a string of noteB written down by M ozart or Baoh must have the heart and mind of Mozart and Baoh. — G. B% Mow, in the World. 