GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL-ROOM Miss A. C. Graham, of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Correspondent for the best collection of schoolboy "mistakes," and they are printed in that periodical. In an accompanying letter Miss Graham says : -" When learned one day the remarkable fact that 'Ikied and Odessae translated Euripides,', I felt that the time had come for action ; I was seized with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts and as a means of spreading the ' New Learning, I began to collect from examination papers and answers in class whatever I would throw new light on old subjects. I have been some years at it now, and] have pleasure, in sending you the sub- * joined 12 extracts from my gems. They are all bona-fide answers, the spelling and punctuation being un- changed in most cases I have still the original documents from which they are taken." Among selected specimens " from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the following : DIVINITY. Esau was a man who wrote fables, and who sold the copy- right to a publisher for a bottle of potash Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the synagogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshipped in groves of oak ; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans. Titus was a Roman Ein peror supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews-his other name was Oates. , ENGLISH HISTORY. e, Oliver Crom- well was a man, who was, put, into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress ;" and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.-Wblsey was a famous general who fought inThe | Crimean war, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Crom- well " Ah I if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have been deserted in my old age."-Wesley | was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington ; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately. Who was Henry III ? A zealous supporter of the Church, and died a Dissentry.-What is Divine Right? The liberty to do what you like in Church. What is a Papal Bull ? A sort of cow, only larger and does not give, milk. Pork Warbeck raised a rebellion. in the reign of Henry VIII. He said he was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respectable people DEFINITIONS.-Plwenicians.-Tho seven tons of Phoenician blinds, Bacchanal. -A native of Bochuana, in South Africa. Chimaera. A thing used to take likenesses with. Watershed place in which boats are stored in winter. Generals the, way whereby we tell, what BOX a man is. Cynical - A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immaculate State of those, who have passed the entrance examination at London University. Hydrostatics. is when a mad dog bites you. It is' called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it ENGLISH LANG AGE AND LiTEitAT.it-. Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endymion, which brought on con- sumption.-The'sonuet is a thing that has in its first four, lines two meteors (quarter) and in last six two meteors (turzotte).-Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention of Chris- sanity 597 A.D., when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin French and the Danes settled the throne for nearly 30 years Hamlet was weak- minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He profane machines, he really only put it on but some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if he would have something to drink hehadputpoisiuin it it Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately slabs his father & drinks the poison and dies. What do you understand by the Augustan age in English literature? We mean the time of Ciedmon, who nourished and wrote " Comus " about the time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent. " , t MIS-__LANO*OUS.--Briefly describe the heart, and its functions or work The heart is a comical shaped bag. The heart is divided into several parts by a fleshy petition. These parts are called right artillery, left artillery, and so forth. The function of the heart is between the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the diil'erentorgaus in about half a minute.- What is a volcano ? A volcano is a very powerful rock What is the meaning of mer de glace 1 Mother of glass What are fossils? Fossils are those remains of plants and animals which keep > best when left to themselves. What fossil remains do ' we find of ' fishes ? ' In some rocks we finds the fossil footprints of fishes What are the metamorphic rocks ? Rocks that contain metaphors, -"What is the matter?" queried, a teacher. "You seem to be rather an comfortable there." "We got the interjec ii'o?*.,sir."wasthe unexpected reply Ex- plain the words fort and fortress. A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women in. What is a Republican ? , A Republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible. The two chief volcanoes in Europe. Sodom and Gomorrah. 