. MTTS.'r*CAH'I\UTM A TALK OF A LAUY'S CLUB. IjjJHE waa suoh a 'quiet little woman, so I different in manner, drasi, inif appear- j ?ance from the other ladies who formed the'! tan Cattea, that ib was always & subject for 'much wonderment to newly-elected members j (Va to ho w Mrs. Carruthera ever earn* to . Vbelong to audi an institution- _ I \- lb waa not that anybody threw doubts on ;the fact of her being a Judy by birth, and {.position. Her own family, and that of her ^«te husband, had held a high place among ^Yorkshire folk of distinction, neither could ?the meet inveterate acandal-raonger even jdream a word against a woman whose sense jiof rectitude had developed into intolerance) (of other people's failings, and wiioae moral 'code was written between theatraighteat And .narrowest of ruled lines. These mental oharacleriatics, added to a dowdily neat exterior, und a maimer thai 'wae deprecating to meekness, weie, hovr 'ever, all food for the curious minded, and invariably ib was noticcd that before a new hnember had ioined a week Bhe would inquire [of someone else ? ' Who waa that faded little dowdy i met -on the stairs just now ? She actually went \into the card-room under my very hos©.' [She's somebody's maid) I suppose. Bub she Sueht to be told to keep out of our aight.' Then someone would volunteer that if she /was a small thin wouiau, with -sandy hair, Voing grey, pale eyes, and. a nervous manner, IMrc. Caruthera was her name, and ahe waa )a member; of the cliib, and therefore had a ?perfect right to go where she pleased. i ' Mrs. Carruthers. And who may ahe (bo ? How did such a queer-looking creature j.ever gob in here!' Ana strong in bhe consciousness of smart /gowns, fitio 'diamonds, and a wellauthenti tcated position in the social acale, the new ?comer would generally draw herself up, and i pub on an injured air at the bare idea of. being obliged to breathe the same air. with a I,Svoraati who apparently had neibhercarriages (nor horses, no house, in Mayfair, and no ahoobing-box in Scotland. t: 'Sho is one of the original members, and 'I hv.ve a sort of idea that Lady Mays ford ! -knew her and her husband when they were {well off.' 'I suppose she's very poor.'. / 'She corUinjy does nob . look aa though 'she were endowed with too many of this ^world's goods, and- 1 ofton wonder how ahe (manages to pay her subscription. ' 'Oh! well. If you have that feeling /about her ib is not extraordinary that! 'should have had doubts a8 to who she could .be.' . ? That was how people spoke -ef Mra. Carruthers. : She did not go very often to bhe EJn 'Cartes. At the very outside she might enter its doors aud find her way to t'ne long jcard-rooiHonce a week. But as often aa nob .a month or six weeks, would go by and the jweak little lady with the smooth grey hair Und pale eye.s would not be seeu. | When ahe did come ahe did .not stay long, [though ahe tried to appear aa if ahe waa in .the habit of using the club habitually for the jpurpoae of writing her lettera and meeting [her friends. It waa like a little comedy to 'watch her arrive and.go through the form of ^asking for lettera, ana then repairing to the writing-room to order a cup of tea, while jshe went through the form of pretending to write lottere and read the evening paper. Bub if you watched hor carefully you would ,see that ahe was feveriably excited, and .'fidgetted about like a hen on a bank while flier brood of ducklings &wam; about; i Indeed, the simile ia nob a bad one, as ib was literally about & bank that Mra. Carru (thera did fidget. In other words, Mra. Car* ?xuthers waa a confirmed gambler, iu counter' ?distinction to a peraou who merely plays 'cards. There was real gambler's blood in her veins. She had always been one of '?those extraordinary persons to whom cards jwere oa absinthe is to those who become ?a prey to it. Carda made a. dif ferent woman of her. ' They brightened ♦her up.billahe became almost pretty. When 'ahe' touched them the blue veins shone 'through the white skin of; her' thin' small ?hands, her eyes sparkled, and instead of -beingalow, quiet, and unreserved, shebecame vquiok, vivacious, and impulsive. Since tho ^'establishment of -tho club she had never jplaycd high, in. the sense of staking large vsums, and doubtless to many she would have . rappeared merely a person who, having a fiver jor a tenner which she did not know what to ido with, gave it a chance, na tho saying ia. {To those, however, who have studied 'gamblers she was obviously one. of that )large class who all their lives have played (for all they have got, who are always 'going for the gloves, and who are never dis iraayed by loss, but are convinced every time they lose that they are only one step nearer the end of their bad luck, and one step nearer tho grand coup, the one chauce of their lives, when their luck must turn and they will sweep all before them. As. we know,' thia never ''happens, for' the simple reason that they plajr with the idea ofleav 'ing off when the^ win, and when thoy win they follow their luck and lose all, not being table ko follow the money ' they have lost. The luck of Mrs. Carruthera had turned aa 'often aa. anyone else's, but she never knew, jib, for if ahe turned a tenner, into £200 she ?would nob have the pluck to get upand go, iaud what ahe had taken a whole night to ibuild up, ahe would pub down.on tho turn of 'a card ouly to see it gtvepfc away the noxt ;minute, and ahe left wibhouboven her origi !nal stake. . It was by persistently playing this game -thab Mrs. Carruthers never gave herself a ?chance, and always ended by foaiug. The (type is well known to gamblers, auij as long iaa the ace of spades ia the unluckiestr card Jin the pack there will- be people who will ? spend their lives in losing tenners on the jwbolly impossible chance of some day or ; other winning a large stak*. Indeed, '.though she never brought much at a timo to {the club, one way and another at the ond of -a year her losseawere aa largo, if not larger, [than anybody else's. ' Indeed, so persistent were her losses that ? tho members pgsifcively disliked to win her |money, for, aa Mra. R. X. Hicks, the )Amorican,f-aid, 'She ain't worth my money. , Her fiver ain't no good-to mie if I win, and ^I'm standing to be.ahob for £5,000.' J It waa about the end of .October, 'when -Society, waa beginning to come back tb town,' ? that Mra. Carruthera turned up at the En iCartes Club one night. Sho went through iher usual formula of inspecting the mem* jbers' book, ordering a cup of tea, writing a [letter or two, and casually turning over the [evening papers, and. finally, after fussing [about, inquiring casually, 'la auybody in t the cavd- rooin?'.- - \ Being answered in the affirmative, ahe .pretended to hesitate a moment apd. finally [picked up Jier -kirt« and slowly ascended :the stairs and entered the long room where |a baccarat table was in fall swingi Lady Brightlesea waa . in the bank, and the ;playera were too occupied to take ipuch notice of the arrival of Mrs; Caruthera. She .commenced punting with two sovereigns ; and wori, and leaving her stakes down won jagain. .\W,ithdrawing the*' £6 she'hacj won, * !ahe commenced agamwith' her original ] .stoke, and saw her two sovereigns swept ? ;away.r She then put * down eight and waa paid / an equal amount, and .leaving : it down found herself. In pos taeaaion of ; £32; in , a few aecOnda, : She .windrow, ib cautiously, and waited to aee ?how iho cards, would go. The bank, won, and Mrs. Carruthera felt eluMd at her' own ?clevernees. She waa evidently playing care [fully, for again ahe made no stake, and again fth«-bank.vwon. jTIi* cards, were evidently \- , running in triplets, and so she saw the bank \--win:^'ain -before she staked, and then she -pat down the whole £3*2 which she had won. johe had done.wisely; «ind leaving: down the *£64 eheswept up the£128 and waited. Again {the bank.losb^ so itwaa clear thetripleta were ejcbAuated, and. so waiting n few minutes she 'saw the bank brohen and (he nf w bnnk nub to #uvUv«' IJutirO bid Csmitlipre bid £lfi,. and Anally, took ib for £110. She wns iu. great luck. The .bank had it all ita own* way. NVhere it loat at all it waaonly on one -aide. When' it won il ?wept the table, andtrwhat with the: former casual pickings and a Hnal -riin of six, (hough: the phiy-t waa small, and money seemed scarce, the croupier had some £1,200 of Mrs. Curruthera'a .iwlnninga in front of her. The banker-looked .righb, and .left before dealingvtlie\carda. ..On onft.afde, the stake^ wore £0f *nd on. the other 47-, She hf sitaUd a moment before throwing up the* cards.*' ' In ; that: rao.'mentr Mrs. Deqalde said ' Banco. ', , M re. Carruthera 'hesitated another moment, dealt, And looking et her cards, said— - 'I give l' M If you please.' j She dealt six to Mrs. Decaino &nd; seveu to herself. 'Nine,' said Mra. Decaine. ? ' tin cor/ea,' replied the banker. She dealt again, arid again said r '1 give !' The answer waa: '..No, thank you.' Mra. Decaine was obviously standing oh five, six, or aeven. In that moment !Mr*. Carruthera cursed the -temptutton ahe had yielded to, and she drew a aeven. 'Six,' said Mrs. Decaine. Mra.' Carruthera calmly turned her card and replied in a ghost of a voico, VBac.' She rose quietly from her eeab and saw Mrs. Decaine carry off the £2,200 she had won by staking £2, and had. lost by being too greedy. She left the room as quietly as ahe had entered it,. and then the game^went on. ' Mrc. Decaine took the bank for £100, and the noble army of punters started to try and get a bib back. Play had proceeded about ten minutes when the Marchioness of May* fair entered, and said : 'I be^ pardon, Mra. Decaine, for inter rupting, but somebody has been larking, and lam in a hurry, as I havo to fetch my husband ab 1 the House,1 and l am late.' ' Well, what's the matter ? ' ' Somebody haa tried to frighten me by hiding my tiara. Who ia it, now 1 Come, give it up. I have four parties to do, and I shan't be in bed till four, so 1 haven't timo for joking.' Everybody waited for the somebody to speak, butthere was dead silence. 'Come, come, ' said Lady Mayfair, 'a joke'e a joke, and I have had my fright.' Nobody spoke, and the Duchess of Mara* ton rang the bell. When the servant entered, ahe aaid— ' Tell Madame Skazi to come here.' The puutera left the table aud gathered round the fire. Presently Madame Skazi entered. 'Good evening, Ska^i Lady Mnyfair laid down her tiara in the dressing-room and ib haa gone. You had better see that nobody leaves tho club, und have the sor vanta ur, and we can search them before tho police are callcd up. Any other members 1 who may be in the club, for form's sake had better com© up too.' . Skazi tookea stupefied, bub went off. In! a few Reconds Mrs. Carruthera walked in and quietly shut the door. 'I was leaving the club, but ib was rain ing, and thoy could not get ine a cab, when Madame Skazt'catue down and ordered the club to be closed and tho servants to. come up and be searched. You need not doubt the servants. It was I who took your Liura.' The half-dozen women assembled round the fire burned sharply ab the words, and Taoed— Mra. Oarruthers. In her dowdy brown stiff gown, and with her timid, shrinking air, more marked than usual, she seemed so utterly incapable of any action requiring either thought or decision, that the Marchioness of Mayfair almost laughed. Not quiet, though, for held out before her, in the pale, thin fingers, and glittering in the firoliehb, waa the lost tiara. ' You took it, Mrs. Carruthera. You, t'he-; — ' 'Finish the sentence, Lady Mayfair. I am the thief.' He white face flushed aa she said the word. ' Thia ia scarcely a time for jesting, Mra. Carruthera. The original joke of hiding it was nob a good one if you will pardon me for saying so, but really it ia scarcely improvod hy this silly confession.' ' Ib is very kind ofJ you t-o give ine a chance of getting out of it, Lady Mayfair, bub I cannot accept it. I stole your tiara, I meant to keep it and sell ib. t was prevented from getting away, aud I came to restore it and to throw myself on your mercy.'. 'You are crazy, Mra. Carruthera.' 'I know I am, or at any rate I was, and I waut you to think so, and to forgive me for what 1 did when I was mad, now that I confers when I am—— , 'Sane, quite ao,' ' No, 'found out* is the word.' -' You realty mean to say you stole thia not intending to return it ? ' ..'I did.' 'In heayen'a name, why? ' ' Because to-night I have lost my last chance of restoring what I have, stolen for years, and spent among you. It may not have been much to you, but lb was my all. 1 do nob. blame you— ib waa my own fault. I thought 1 saw ia chance of making what would be a little forbuno to me. I saw otherado it almost overy nighl I came, and so little by little I have drawn out my *on's fortune. with .the, idea of giving him my winnings. To-bight I made the last effort. To ruorrow he comes of age and. receives his ; commission only .to learn that he.is a beggar, and his mother, is a thief.' The poor !woman fell on her kneea sob bing, ' I did it for the best, think what my punishment will be, and forgive me for my son's sake. 1 have wronged him enough. 1 was mad, forgive . me. . Forgive me for his eake.' : It waa a truly, pitiable sight to aee the poor womaii sobbing'on. the floor aa if her heart would break,' and it waa apparent everyone pitied lier for the inad infatuation which had brought hor into such a condition. Lpdy Mayfair took in the general feeling at a glance, and lifting her from tiie. floor, led her away. Hardly had they loft the room, when the Duchess of Maraton said : ' It seems to me obvioua^ihat we cannot have any scandal, and also that aa ladles we cannot keep this boy's money. Personally, I pity the woman, who aeema really sorry. ANe must think wtiab ia bhe best thing to be done under the circumstances.' !The next day Mrs. Carruthera received the following letter:— Madame, — The committee . of En Cartea Club beg to accept your reaigna* tion, and in doing ao consider you should draw out your aonV forbuno which you have invested for him in the conccrn. They, however, had some ^ time back placed in the hands of Messrs. H — - — , the well-known financiers, to whom they explained the circumstances) the siim of £3,000. They very kindly consentod to accept the aum invested for your aou in 7 per cent, debenture stock, which is ; redeemable in five years at £110. He will thua be in receipt of £210 a year, and ab the end of five yeara will have I ho coupons, which shall be forwarded to him, al £3,800.— The Hmwk. WHAT DREAMS SIGNIFY. To dream of,a millstone around your neck is a sign of what you may expect it yeu get an extravagant wife. VYben a young lady .dreams of a coffin it betokens that she should instantly givo up lacing her ataya tightly and alway& go warmly and thickly 6hod In wet weather. To dream of a fire is a 'ilgn that', if you are wise, you will aee that the lights in your house are all aafely out before you go to, bed. To dream that your nose Is red . at the' tip la a warning bhat^you . had better leave off brandy and water. ; *.* If there is anything I dielike,' aaidBlig- 1 gins as the Editor returned his witty effoit, ; ' It's a inan who won't take a joke.' 1 It ia never too Ute bo mend. Thia lfl why tiie col^ble^ never bM yout ^99(1 d9&C; at Ibe 1 tae ywsiwi . i 