THE WEEK. The Treasurer has evidently an unpleasant task before him in the preparation of tho national balance shoot. The continuous shrinkage of tho revenue shown month by month in the Treasury reoeipta indioate3 that the re- sponsibility of restoring the . equilibrium be- fcween tho Innnmn nn<? tliA nynnmTif.nra will ha an even more sorious matter than was originally imagined. The returns for the past month, com pared with the corresponding period of tho provious year, disoloso a deficiency of quito an exceptional kind. In May, 1892, the revenue reoeived totalled £750,000, but tho month just closed presents a falling away from this standard of more than one- third. Of courso there arc some reasons by whioh this extraordinary difference may ho ex plained, but wlion full allowanco is made in ovcry direction, tho figures still tell tho tale of national depression in languago which oannot bo misunderstood. The deolino in tho legaoy duties is a matter boyond-tho control of any Treasurer, and cannot be attributed to the prevailing con striction except on the nssuVnption that fat estates have participated in tho general shrink age, or that tho wealthy nro too troubled ovon to givo up tho ghost for tho public advantage. Tho comparison of tho customs receipts may bo regardedas not altogether on fair lines, inasmuch as the revenue wnsunduly swollen a year ago by the anticipations of importors concerning the possibilities of the tariff. The dread of an in crease of duties led to large quantities of goods being talcon out of bond, and consequently tho average of revenuo has since had to suffer from this attompt at foreknowledge. Still these ad missions do not got rid of the fact that the receipts prove that the spending powor of the people has beon very widely reduced. Economy has been rigidly enforced in every possiblo manner. Luxuries have been given up and pennies arc closely sorutinised in many quarters where not very long ago shillings were thrown away. The oustoms rovonuo, oomparing the two months, shows afnllingoff of £188, 000, a decline principally due to the decreased con sumption of spirits. . Tho present month com pletes the finanoial year, and tho accumulation of facts is sufficient to oonvlnco tho Troasurcr that despite all the efforts at retrenchment whioh the Government have made there will still remain an' alarming deficiency to be pro vided for. Tho neoossity for new taxation can hardly be avoided, and we are very muoh afraid the. community mgy bo called upon to face the Implpasant contipgenbyof an iucomo tax. ' TheSpcpijfiopafqrt whioll may bo gained from commwlityln' iAfsfoylune is furnished by tbo positjon in which. oBiprCjcfionics of tho Australian groqpj proj 'If'geeLvbf New South Wales tho Trefi'surer4s- about' tho only person who is not disposed to tnko a serious view of the situation. His porspiouity is apparently confined to his name, for tho persistent non-fulfilmont of his varying ostimatos has not givon the pUblio muoh roason for unswerving confidence in Mr. See's ability to grapplo with tho financial difficulty. Tho progressive decrease in all the principal sources of revenue is bb fully marked in New South Wales as in Victoria. Tho receipts for tho first five months of the yonr show a variance with tho Treasurer's esti mates of £566,000, and there is uothing to justify the sanguino ; anticipation that this momontous difference will be ,mndo up in tho remaining portion of tho yoar. The probabilities are rather in favor of the possimistio viow that tho deoroaso will con tinue, having regard to tho faot that tho monthly returns show a decided tondenoy in this direotion. In tho absence of moro trust worthy authority there will ho fow found to readily accept Mr. See's nssuranco that his original cBtimato of rovenuo will ultimately bo rcnlisod. In Queensland tho rovonuo returns nro hardly moro oncouraging. Tho rooelpts generally exhibit a decline, but tho Treasurer's foreonst having beon mado with a moro acourate conception of ciroum- Btances stands a bettor chance of coming near tho actual result. Tho estimate for tho 12 months was £3,518,000, nnd in tho 11 months of tho yoar whioh have passed thore hns boon recoivod £3,094,098. Tho finanoial disturbance whioh has disarranged business may provont tho last month' contributing' tho difforonoe. South Australia has also to faoo . the danger of a defioit. Tho railway revenuo shows a very marked falling off, and tho general rooeipts from oustoms and othor oourcos will scarcoly reach tho standard hoped for by tho Treasurer. In all tho oolonics, howover, the immediate position is more gloomy than tho prospects for the future. We are now sufforing undor an unpreoodented accumulation of financial disaster, but this con dition of things will not last. Business will im- provowhenthereconstruotingbanks areabloto re sume operations, and setfrcesome portion of tho monoy so rudely withdrawn from oiroulation. The squattor and the farmor onjoy tho cxpeota- tation of a splendid Beason, and if these antici pations aro not disappointed Australia will rapidly rooovor from tho oheok which hns im peded her progress. Reoent events will not be without a compensating value if wo learn the lesson that real prosperity is more dopbndcnt on tho development of our rosources than on specu lative excitement. Tho new dovelopments of tho Mercantile Bank prosecutions are still unexhausted. Tho grand jury has boon summoned, but has yet to determino its finding. In accordance with English praotioe a ohargo will bo delivered by a judge who will point out the duties and responsi bilities whioh attnoh to tho exeroise of this judicial function. In tho meantimo tho Govern ment has resolved that no opportunity shall bo givon for further insinuation that the oourso of justice may be interfered with. Adoteotivo has beon despatched by mail steamer to Colombo to seoure Sir Matthow Davios's return in tho event of a true bill being returned against him. It is not to be assumed that any attompt has been made on tho part of tho Into chairman of the Mercantile Bank to avoid meeting tho charge, but his absence from tho colony might lead to peculiar complications if tho contingency wero not provided against. The Government wore anxious that he should not have gone beyond Adelaide, but the efforts to stop him . failed, through delays which have been represented as unavoidable. An interest ing question of international law has been raised in connection with the oircumstances ubtuuuiug uia uujJULbuiu ton uiuiauuw was a passonger on board tho Germain mail steamer, and tho suggestion has been made that the captain might have refused to reoogniso the validity of the colonial warrant. It does not appear that any suoh idea was for a moment entertained, though the captain is oredited with having intimated that ho wonld refuse to authorise the removal of his passenger on the ground of tho critical state of his health. Ho was not put to tho test, for his vessel sailed be- foro the authority to detain Sir Matthow DnvieB arrived and all that he could do was to turn a blind eye to the efforts of the police launoh to ovortalro tho ship. On tho legal aspect of this issue there is not much room for doubt. It is olaimed that a foreign mail steamer has tho snmo privilege as a foreign man of war and that any ono taking refugo on board can olaim the protection of tho flag. This view, however, is based altogether on misconception. In tho first place, mail steamers, either French or Gorman, have never been accorded the war status, and have tho Bamc rights, neither more nor less, than the English mail steamer. The oaptain of the Salier, we may be sure, would never have ventured on the gravo step of obstructing tho police, and if ho had done so he would certainly havo recoived no support in tho false position assumed, from tho German Government. Evon the captain of a war steamer would hesitate to oommit Buoh a sorious act of hostility as to refuse to rcoognise a warrant against a fugitivo from justice. Thore have been instances whero protection has been given to political offenders, especially where the conditions of the country havo been disturbed, but such action taken in the oaBB of a friondly Powor would very likely bo resented. Tho idoa that any person oan beoome inviolate from juslioe by simply seeking safety on the deck of a foreign owned vessel is too absurd to neod 'disproof. The outlook before labor is not promising. The general depression in trade and tho excessive competition in cortnin lines of business which has reduced the ohances of profit to a minimum seem likely to lead to a general lowering of wages. A renowal of the shipping difficulty iB nlroady among the immediate possibilities of tho situation. One firm engaged in the intercolonial trade has insisted on outting down the wago list by a sweeping retrenchment equivalent to about 35 per oont., offering as an alternative the laying up of its vessels if these terms bo not acoeded to. A similar effort, in this direotion wns mado by the same firm about eight months ago, but tho attempt did not succeed, owing to a want of unanimity among the shipping companies. , On this occasion it is expeoted that tho prcssiiro of competition will foroo all engaged in tho intercolonial trade toj follow the bourse in whioh- Messrs.- M'llwtaith,: M'Eaoharn and Go; have taken the first step.; The fight among competing firms is so severe that the freight obtainable does not pay to oarry at present rates -and' at present working ex penses. Unless the one oan be raised or tho other lowered, the owners declare that it will he better to allow tho steamers to lio at their moor ings earning nothing rather than to carry on business under conditions whioh involvo them in Increasing losses. Tho statomont is made that seamen and firemen are paid higher salaries on tho Australian coast than in any other country in the world, while the rates of freight' are now lower relatively than' at othor ports.; Naturally the mon do not liko tho point of tho alternative submitted to them.1 They' are of opinion that the present wage' is _quite ' low, enough, but they nro not unwilling, in view of tho circumstances of the tirnos, to come to a roasonablo compromiso with ownerB if tho roduo- tions aro not mado in a caprioious and arbitrary manner. It will bo a pity if owners should not reciprocate this fooling, and do their utmost to arrange a settlement whioh shall conserve tho interest of both capital and labor. A repetition of the irritated feeling whioh culmin ated in tho shipping strike of a couple of years ago would bo a thing to be regretted. There are signs of trouble also in other branohos of trade. In Sydney tho men engaged in tho building trado aro resenting a proposal on the part of contractors to reduce wages by 10 per cent. ; disputes aro ohronio among the coal minors ; the ongine drivers and firemen of the New South lValos railways nro nursing a griovanoo against tho commissioners ; and in. South Australia a serious diflioulty has arison in the baking trade. The condition of the unem ployed will bo rendered worse than ever if thoir ; numbers are to be increased through mon being thrown out of work by strikes. The.united appeal whioh has been mado on behalf of the principal metropolitan charities is one which deserves, if it cannot command, ; success. Thoso institutions sufior doubly from the prcssuro' of bedtimes, for the demands on their accommodation and' for general rellof in crease at the very junoturo when their rovonue is most liablo to dwindle away. People every where and in all classes of society are feeling the effects of the continued finanoial dopression, and stringent ooonomy has bocorao a necessity of the day. But ovon under theso oircumstances wo do not believe that the people of Melbourne will be so untrue to their generous instinots as to ! turn a deaf car to the cry for aid on behalf of thoso in suffering and distress, A wise oourso has boon taken in combining the appeal. Patience, as well as charity, is liable to be exhausted by innumerable demands, and it is better that tho monoy whioh can be collected should flow into a general reservoir, to be distributed from thence according to the needs of the respective institutions. The "Women's Hospital has reaped considerable advantage from being the first in the field, and tho Children's Hospital is striving to emulate tho example ; but both of these oharities may be said to possess special claims upon publio sympathy. If, all the general hospitals fell to competing with each other, it is more than likely that nono would receive so ready a response as 'they may expect to obtain from a joint effort. The Mayor's Fund, whioh was inaugurated at . the Town Hall meeting a few evenings ago, has boon started on a- good basis, < ItUU II It J lOOUlV ill 1UUIU 1U061U£ £UUU l/UUU « merely temporary benefit. As tho Governor pointed out, co-operation will reduce the cost of the collection of charitable donations, though per contra it should not bo forgotten that a oheok may be givon to tho individual interest whioh attaches to particular institutions. The need for generous aid being quickly and gra ciously given cannot be too strongly affirmed. With winter almost upon us, with siokness and destitution unusually prevalent, and with smaller means at command to combat this exoess, tho position is ono of undeniable urgenoy. Institutions liko the Melbourne and Alfred hospitals havo been obliged to refuso applications, for treatment every wook, and the domauds.upon other oharities are out of propor tion to tholr ability to deal with them. What ever differences may arise upon other quostioni tho Buffering ory of humanity gives the one toueh of nature which makes the wholo world Law, liko tho knhfni&r;: Bhlbld, presents !tjW>\ aspects of an absolutely qontry, oaraoter. \ Mr. Bumble we knqw was lofl'oWDBettnoipptatihi1 occasion to declare with-emphasis that tho " law J is a h'aBS," and whatvhswfejl .in, would be quite possible to'proy.b-ait iaisgrb with an infinitude of confirmatory instanoos. On the other hand, serious students have affirmed with all the solemnity of perfect conviotion that the law is the embodiment of common sense, an axiom also capable of being maintained by un questionable evidence. In tho judgment rocently dolivorod by Mr. Justice Holroyd on tho fiduoiary relations between solicitor nnd olient, it is gratifying to observe that the oharaoter of tho law is maintained in uccordanco with tho later thesis. Tho prinoiplo is laid down that a lawyer is not ontitled to oombino two opposing occupa tions at one and the same time. He is not to be permittod to establish a confidential connection with a client and then to utilise the powor ho has obtained for tho purpose of passing , over speculations, whioh ultimately prove to bo of a very doubtful charaotor. Tho lady who was induced on the representations of her legal adviser to invest in somo land speculations at Brighton, whioh evontually roackod tho custom ary stage of liquidation, has reason to be grateful for tho diotum long ago established by Lord Eldon. Tho celebrated Chancellor laid down as the dootrino of equity govorning bargains between solicitor and client that an attorney who desires to sell to a client must unmistakably terminatethe confidential relations for that occasion, or it will beoome necossary, in oase the oontract be afterwards questioned, for him to show that ho had givon as . ample and correct advioe to his client as lie would have given if his oliont. had been dealing with a third porson. In tho case which rooontly -came, under tho notioo of the Supremo Court Mr. J ustico Holroyd held that neither : of: these'- conditions had been oompliod with. - Mr. ; Abbott is aoquitted of any fraudulent intention, but in .rooommendjug Bharos in which ho was personally interested aB a suitable investment for his olient lie is considered to' have forgotten the obliga tions of the solicitor in tho sanguine anticipa tions of tho speculator, He did not disoloso that the shares sold were . his own, nor did he candidly deolaro that his faith in tho'company's success had been shaken before ho transferred the liability, -as -he supposed, from his own shoulders tothoso of his -lady olient. Tho, law may fairly olaim to bo the embodiment", of com mon; sense when it affirms under thsBO ojrouin- BtnnccB that the sol ioi tor is bound to make good his/roprosentation, that' the investment is a ,saf,0;Ono. ' Mp, Abbott. discovers that, his lis- .bUities in pegard te. those ahares have to be re sumed, and .Jdiat lie lias to indomnify his oliont . for alliexpensos inourred. "Thorecent rainfall will' bo - productive of .in- ! calculable boneflt.' Molbouriio narrowly /ospapo'd a repetition' of. the flbod.exporioncos of two years Igo, but tho danger has happily been averted, and the risk to tho low lying suburbs of tho metropolis was a small prioo to pay for tho as surance of a good season, on whioh Victorian farmers may now confidently count. Nor has tho advantage been confined to tho limits of our own colony. The area ovor whioh tho wcloomo clouds havo dropped fatnoss Is almost co extensive with tho boundaries of the continent. Tlio dried up western areas of Queensland, where long continued drought had brought tho pastoral industry to tlio verge of ruin, have re- eolved invaluable rains, and this soasonablo downpour will provo the salvation of many who wore beginning to abandon hopo. In New South Wales tho rain lias boen genorol, and pastoralists and farmers aro jubilant over the improvement of thoir prospects. In tho wostcrn distriots of Rivorina tho droad of drought has passed away, and with station tanks and dams overflowing and nn abundanco of food springing up, tho squatter is able, in spite of financial depression, to takoo moreoheering view of tlio situation. South Australia eujoyed an araplo share of tlio bounteous gift dropped from tho gloomy heavens upon a parolied up land. From Alice Springs, in the far interior, down to '.tho sea coast rnin.has fallon in wolcome' and . continuous showers, and the revivifying infiu- . enco on .cultivntod soil and natural pasture is already olearly apparent. There are parts of South Australia where these rains have broken up a tkroo yours' drought. ' The estimate is offered by a local writer that if seasonable weather bo obtained South Australian producors ' will bo enabled to draw upon tho soil in tho current year for far larger sums than arc involved in tho aggregate deposits in all the broken banks. Fears of a water fnmino at Broken Hill havo boen rimoved, and the opera tions at the mines will suffer no impediment from any soaroity. All tho. mine and Government dams have been filled,' tho Proprietary ospeoially having conserved an enormous quantity of water, wliilo nn nmple supply for tho use of the town hns been scoured in tho Stephen's Creek reservoir. It is perhaps as well that tho residents in tho Bnrrier aro rolieved from any trouble on this account, innsmuoh as South Australia might bo less willing to comb to their assistance nguin, in viow of tlio difficulty experienced in obtaining 'payment for their offorts on tlie previous oocasion. Tito oyolonic storm whioh brought these bonoficial rains traversed tho Austrnliaii continent from tho northern shores'"Df-sW'o3t 'Australia to tho Bouth-east, producing'.a fjUlNif rain which has oxtoMpd .irtmT Daly Watcfl? oik the north. right dcjfcn io' Cnno NortliUttiborlnnU on thu south. ( I.V.Wmi !'- Jh Tho regulation |ajip4naft'&Jia;/. a problem moro difiicidtoCiiallUJn'n-ittlSu the , happy go luek'y reformer is willing to acknow ledge. Tho experiment of a o'entral labor bureau, at any rate on the principles under whioh it has been conducted, is on admitted faijnre. Mri Patterson has, with oliaraoteristio frankness, expressed IiiB viows on this point, and few wili'be found to disagree with bis oonolusion ;that the closing of the institution will be of service gathor than of detriment to tho cause of 'tho unemployed! The 'experience of Sydnoy has been of an exactly similar naturo.. The select committee of the .Assembly, reporting on the Government Labor Bureau, .declares thnt tho outcome of its working has been altogether un- Bntisfaolo'ry.. It iias encouraged tho tendenoy of the unemployed to drift into the oity, and there to wait passively for the Government to coino to their assistance, instead of showing Hint vigor of self roliauoo whioh ought to bo nil essential feature, of a froo and Independent community. Ono of tho oliief neieots or tlio bureau, both in , Melbourno and Sydney, has been the undue centralisation of its machinery. There has boon no systomatio effort to discover the stntoof tlio labor market outside the metropolis, or to procuro work locally for men who wore employed ih the country distriotb. Blame is attachable not so muoh to tho officials as to tlio basis upon, which tho. bureau haB boon started. No doubt ninny of tlioso registered 'inite books havo found' work, but/from tiio manner of its methods the result has been injurious in indu'olngtho uhomploycd to flock to the metropolis, atul thus to intensify the evil 'which it was intended to ouro. Complaints are 'mndo that in many oases men have been sont by 'the bureau to distriots whero a largo nmount of suitable local labor was available, and that tho institution has been mado use of by unscrupulous persons to lower wages. The Sydnoyl committee considers that un less a radical change of systom can be effected, the Victorian- example should bo followed, and the Government Labor Bureau should bo abolished altogether as a'oostly and ineffective piecoofGovcrnmentalmaahinery. The alternative remedy suggested is an enlargement of the scopo of its operations, whereby the danger of centralisation may bo avoided. It is proposed that branohes shall bo established in the large contres of population, andacenoies throuohoiit ' thocountry for tho purpose of oolleeting informa tion as to tho condition of the local labor market. 'By this moans it is hoped that an aeeurato reflex may be obtained of tho opportunities whioh exist all ovor tho colony for tho absorption of labor. The supervision of private registry offices Is also suggostod. Tho soleot oommittoe doos not ap pear hopeful that anything very muoh will bo aooomplished by the labor bureau, for tho 'rooommondations on whioh it rolies for alleviat ing tho position of tho unemployed aro those which suggest the establishment of labor .colonies and tho encouragement of village sottle- mont. " The position occupied by Now Zealand giveBa foroible illustration of tho ohangeB brought about , In the whirligig of time. A fow years ago Aus tralia was in the heyday of a flotitious pros- ' pority and tho Britain of the Bouth was striving hard toomerge from thesoa of troubles brought 'npon it by the inflation polioy of over borrow ing. Now New Zealand has overooino her difficulties and is standing on firm ground, while We have to pay tho penalty of past follies. The . comparison is not altogether pleasing to our self love, but the oontraat whioh may bo drawn is not without an augury of hope. The present stago of depression and finnnoial deficit will pass away if we can exhibit tho same spirit of sturdy self reliance and determination. Tho Now Zea land Colonial Treasurer is In a position which many of his Australian colleagues will bo in clined to envy. Ho is not called upon to insist on vigorous sohemes of retronohment or to deviBo new and ingenious methods of taxation in order to balanoo tho oxpondituro with rovonuc. That expiation has already been paid, and tho colony can point triumphantly to tho Btate of its finances as an ovidence of the soundness of its prosperity. Tlio rovenue is on the rising grade, and tho accounts of tho year can bo re lied upon to show n substantial balance on the right sido. Tho figures whioh have boen pub lished must bo accepted as highly gratifying. Tho receipts have exceeded tho year's estimntcs by £173,735, and tho rovenue of tho previous year by £138,750. After paying £200,000 to tho publio works fund end oovoring the deficionoy in tho land fund account, tiiero is left a net sur plus of £282,000 availnblo either for the ro- mission of taxation or for tho extension of publio works. It is not likoly that the Treasurer will dooido hastily on following the suggestions whioli havo been mado for the remission of taxation. The burdens imnosed luion tho neonle aro not felt as an excessive burden, and it will be a wiso precaution to take care that the risk of another deficit shall be avoided. Thero is ample oppor tunity also for moro expenditure on publio works, tlie cost of which for somo time to come must continuo to be defrayed out of rovonuc to avoid tlio necessity of approaohing the London market with another loan. The Liberal Ministry now in power in New Ztalonfi aro entitled to olaim soino credit for tho sttcocss of the polioy which will always bo identified with the momory of their late chief. They oan point to the lsrgost surplus on record in the history of New Zoaland, and oan also olaim, in the language of Mr. Rcovos, "that direct taxation has been ndjusted so that the burden has been placed upon the shoulders of tkoso best able to bear it; that the feeling bctweon master and man has been groatly improved ; that tho labor legislation lias been very successful, and that the Conservative pr'odiotion that capital would bo drivon out of the colony has been completely falsified." .. The Legislative Assembly in, 'Queensland has resumed its- sittin'gs fr'osh from an appeal to tlio people in a most exocllpnt, spirit. All mombers aro notuatod by a dosiro to plaoo the interosts of tho country above political prejudice or pnrty motion. . It is devoutly . to bo hoped that so admirable a frame of mind will be lasting, but an "old Parliamentary band" liko Sir Thomns M'Hwraith kuows too muoh to build his expec tations on so unstable a foundation. Nono tho loss these expressions of opinion, although they may represent only a fleeting mood, aro signifi cant of the valuable influonco whioh follows from tho oloso association of electors- and olectcd. - Tlie shortening of the tenure of Par liament has nn undoubted offeot in increasing tho Benso of responsibility among those who olaim to embody tho. judgment of the constitu encies. The results of the election illus trate the.- change, which has taken placo in politioal divisions in Queensland. The linos of oleavage are now quite distinct from what they were beforo the Labor element asserted itself as a separate factor in political life. There has been fusion between those who were hcoustomed to act in opposition to one another, and Sir Thomas M'Hwraith is now at tho head of a stronger and moro oompaot majority than tho coalition leaders controlled boforo the Labor issue waB put to tlio country. Opposed to tho Alintakorlal fol lrilll inn nt Aft Ilia.. i. A -v A ...... ui tv buuca ia a party or oz, comprised in three sections, of whioh- tlio Labor members numerically form tho most important. They are accountable for ono moiety, and tho other half lias to bo equally divided between tho irreoonoilablo remnants of the old Opposition and tkoso people of nondesoript opinions or weak conviotionswho rank themselves undor tho name of independents. Tho Queensland Premier has a door opportunity to do what in him lies to restore progress and prosperity to the oountry. The. affairs of .tho . colony require firm and prudent handling, but tho polioy which Sir Thomas M'Hwraith has to submit is not likoly to bo interrupted by factious interference. Tho view taken by Mr. .Groom is gcnorally ondorscd, thatthe exigencies of the time demand tho suppression of all pnrty feeling and tho hearty oo-oporatioii of members of all shades of opinion. Ministerial intentions are not disclosed with any great dogrco of fulness .in .tliu oustomary ohannel, but the conoiseness.of tho Governor's speech may be taken as indicating an Intention to "profer acts to words. Finanoiol matters must engage tho largest share of nttentionln Queens land lis in other Australian colonies, and if Sir Thomas M'Hwraith oan manage to restore fiiianoial oonfldenoo, he will be hold to have do- sorved well of tho country. The offioial history of New South Wales, tho publication of whioh was oommoncod some years ago, appears to havo boon smitten with infantile paralysis. Ono volume has boon issued, but the cost of its preparation so enlightened tho Treasurer on tlio value of literary work that he determined forthwith to suspend an under taking whioh he feared might land tho colony in n oondition of national insolvency. Tho work on its inception was started on the voluminous principle whioh distinguishes the page of King- lake, who requirod sevon portly volumos to describe a Binglo episodo in tho rcoord of Vic toria's reign. How many volumes tlio histoiy of New South "Wales would have run to it is impossiblo to say, but tho Treasurer ovidently feared tlio worst, and out off supplies boforo tlio danger had assumod sorious dimen sions. Instend of the history, however, a task whioh may bo left to posterity to grapple with, thoro has boon substituted a publication of tho historical records of tho colony. These aro tho dry bones whioh a writer of genius may some day transmute into an im- perielinblo story, but presented in tho bulk tho thought will intrudo that tho dust heap woro the fitter plaoo for the larger proportion of un interesting faotB included in these rcoorde. Truo, a gom of vnluo may here and thero be dia lntorred, but tho Bystem of wholosale ropublica tion can hardly claim to bo justified by results Tho second volume, whioh appeared out of thi ordor of priority, contained a vast amount o. material ooncorning the foundation of tho colonj by Governor Phillip, whioh, however valuabli as authority to tho historian, was in its crudi form, utterly indigostiblo to any ono exoopt i literary cormorant. The first volume, which bai just been brought out, deals with tho voyages oi tho great navigator to whom the modorn dis covery of tho Australian continent is duo. Cook is to Australia what Columbus is to America, and anything that throws new light upon his caroer will bo rooeived with intcrost by many. But is it nocessary to reproduce all the records with the painful exaotitudo of litornlness. Ex cellent material is furnished for tho historian who may desiro to writo a new life of Captain Cook based upon tho boat authority, but tlie ordinnry reader will be overcome by tho insuf- forablo todiousness of this method of presenting history in tho rough. One foot may bo gathered from those records, whioh correats a vory gonoral misconception. It is popularly supposed that Captain Cook gavo tho namo of Botany to tho bay whioh he first ontcrcd, and that ho also con ferral on tho oountry, on takiDg possession, tho inouphonious name of New South Wales. No where is any reference made to cither of theso names in Cook's logs or in those of his officers. The appellation ho conferred upon tho bay was Stingray Harbor, so called bccauso of tho great quantity of this sort of fish found in tho placo. Why the namo of New South Wales was given is a matter of oonjeoturo. Perhaps it may have been duo to the brilliant imagination of . some patriotic Taffy in tho Colonial Offioo. 