[?] A TRAGEDY OF THREE. > (Concluded.) - : A step on the stairs outside and Miss Olem lightly raised her head. : She did > not know it ; but she had been listening for that step.- As he stepped upon the ' room to her side, she looked up at him -curiously. Did he know — had he been told ? Oh no — he would scarcley have come into her presence with that glad , .light in her eyes. What a change had /his success already worked in him, she , thought, unconsciously retaining his .hand as she scanned his face. It scarcely seemed the same that she bad always known — thin, careworn,, and saddened with trouble and disappoint ment. That radiant gladness had been bought with Dulcie's life — sho had not .grudged the price. To Clem, it seemed that the happiness which had passed -cut of her own life had passed into his. Dropping his hand sharply, she moved back to the table. He looked across at her in some concern. She' seemed -unlike herself — so Strang and moved. "You are not 'well ?" he inquired, with tender solicitude. ; A peal of shrill laughter broke from .her lips. His remark struck her as supremely comic. Everything that made lifo worth living had been reft from her — nnd she looked ' " not well !" . " You will think me a very early visitor," ho remarked, glancing at the clock. / Clem's eyes involuntarily ' followed his. The hands were sta- -tionary at five minutes to two. That -was the hour at which she had arrested its maddening tick. "You both hurried away so quickly -last night that I had not a word with you. I could not even tell Miss Grey what I thought of her splendid per formance, or thank her for the way in .Which, she :has worked for my . play. -And even now, it seems, I cannot do so." x "No," said Clem dully, and wondered ;why his voice sounded as if it were not . . following the sense of his words. _ . "I had something to say to you — something i very particular — something that depended wholly upon the result of last night's performance," he resumed, drawing a little nearer, and resting his hand upon the back of a chair, ho looked down nt her . very earnestly. " You know what a poor man I am — I have been a poor mnn all my life. As you know all my .work has been a failure. As you know, .not: only was every penny of my own staked on the production of this play, but I was indebted to a friend for a very large sum. Had it met with the same reception as predecessors it would have meant ruin to mo — it would have meant— well, I .would rather-not think of what it would have meant. ' But if its greeting last night meant anything, if the notices in -the papers this morning go for anything it ' is success — success at last I You "have seen the papers ?". glancing at the pile before her. . : As she mado a gesture of assent, Miss Cleui's fingers closed almost fiercely upon the slips of newspaper. Those . ' notices 1 would she- never forget' how "and when she had read them ? Again the small white' face, with its strange pinched look was looking up at her "with eager impatience. . . digain there sounded an her ears the faint, almost . inaudible -voice which was but the ghost- of that whose rich notes had echoed round the ' theatre only last night. ' : '..'Prop mo up, ./ClemilT-rSOTZ-high, /Have yon them.all there ? ...Give them -to ' me all, everyone," stretching out hands, so feeblo that; they could scarcely clutch the papers placed within tliem. . "She knitted her brows/in' the- .vain effort to decipher tlm'cfosdy- printed lines,- and then .shp..'gaye;a weak Httle " laugh which wos.half frightened, half- apologetic. ' ".It's no use Olem-I — I . , can't see-it's all misty.; The lines are % .dancing up and down—and the- letters bowing to each othe'r-read them to : -.7. :-.- c-i.v- ;.-:- - me. . Clem— and quickly. Tell me what they say ofhis play— arid whether I have helped towards its succes 1 The ' Daily Leader first, Clem!" Aild so, sitting on the side of the low white bed; with Dulcie's head resting against her shoulder, a brilliant spot of excitement burning in either cheek. Clem read the ' notices which for once were in almost, complete accord. .Last night had proved to be an occasion of double importance in the dramatic world.. It had seen a poet and an actress given to the stage. Mr. Mark Arbiithnot had; triumphantly disproved the assertion that the spirit of dramatic poetry was dead — Mr. Arbuthnot had . been rarely fortunate in securing such an interpreter as Miss Grey. It would be difficult to overestimate her value to the play, or to judge how much of its. success .was directly owing to her striking per formance. " I had no right to ask any woman to be my wife— to sbare my unsuccessful life." (His voice broke through Clem's abstraction, startling her into a sudden, painful fixity of attention.) " Weeks ago I said to myself, wait— wait and' see how the play is received — and then, then, perhaps, you may dare to speak,"- He paused, and she sat gazing with a curious, intentness at him, trying to reconcile impressions which seemed, irreconcilable. He had loved Dulcie after all — he had only been waiting to ask her to be his wife ! And yet — and yet — why, a score of proofs to the' contrary rushed to her memory to rout this proposition — numberless slights, unconscious perhaps, but scarcley possiblofrom a_man towards the woman he loved. Only last night, as she left her dressing-room for the stage, - they had passed him at the wings,1 and Dulcie, with on appealing little glance, had half-shyly put out her hands, as if. to invoke his good wishes. - But he had not seen 'it — so indifferent did ho seem to her presence, that with an absent bow he had tui-ned and made some trifling remark to Clem herself. But, after all, what did it matter whether or no she 'could fit the past into the present. There ho was, standing opposite to her telling her in so many words that her deductions had been altogether wrong — - that he did love Dulcie, that he had come to ask-her to bo his wife, : Ho was speaking words which, spoken but a few hours before, would have made .earth heaven to the child lying white and still in the next room. In her passionate pity for Dulcie's loss, she turned upon him almost roughly. Why did you not speak before ?' It's all too late now— too late 1" staring at him with a blank misery in her eyes. As she watched the joyous eagerness die suddenly from his eyes and hps, to he replaced by ' a pained bewilderment, she was smitten with sudden com punction for her abruptness. "She worked so hard for. your success. She had such an utter— commenced Clem, .and broke off sharply setting her teeth in her under lip. . " Faith in my work' ?" He finished the sentence for her, . ancF added, absently, " Yes, she was very good. ,;1 cannot be too grateful to her. But you" — and he came a step nearer—" I had no thought that ; there was anyone— that you were'thinking of marriage." . She looked at him in, some perplexity. What ' could have brought up the question of her marriage, "-I don't understand," she said wearily ; " there is no question of my marriage." ; - j Again his eyes were- lighted, with a sudden flash of eagerness. . ; "Then what else .can stand, between us ? . You spoke as if there had been hope for me. You said, " "Why ; did you not speak. before?'.'- ,-lf there .is hope, . all other, difficulties can/be smoothed away.. . What else could stand-between them? How, 'in any a case, -. could i her own marriage' -have affected -his -relations with Dulcie;? What could he possibly mean?-1 ' - ; : - " Surely you must .have ; guessed -the truth ipng smce,";he perfst bendmg tenderly over her. as he possessed him self of her hand. You must have seen what you were beooming to me — dearer than life, dearer even than fame— my beloved.". ' . '.I She put her hand to. hqr head dizzily. His love — it was hers— he was offering it to her— to her who never in her life had been offered love or friend ship — who never till this moment had felt the. lack of it. . A new-. -strange thrill shot through every vein in her body. After all, what a great, and blessed gift love.was— in trtith the crown of womanhood. And all these years she had been running halt, maim, and blind in the world's race of happiness, " Dear, until you came into my life, believe me, I scarcely understood the existence of woman," he murmured carressingly in her ear. Almost the indentical -words which Dulcie bad oncei used' with regard to him, when she re marked that for him the world was peopled with men and heihgs who were ' not men, and called for. the exercise of courteous forbearance. Dulcie 1 With a sudden revulsion of feeling Clem sprang to her feet, recoiling from him in horror. Dulcie, Mark, and herself— and between Mark' and herself there flowed a trickling stream of blood — Dulcie's life-blood. She glanced . instinctively at the place where Dulcie had lain jlast night with her life slowly ebbing away. Mark was now standing upon the very spot. "Don't stand there! Move!" she muttered hoarsely. ; To her excited fancy they seemed to be rejoicing over the ruins of Dulcie's life — Dulcie for whom she would have, given her life, and whom she had .robbed.of the one thing she craved. Robbed? 'Yes, yes; if she had not been in the way he must have learnt to love Dulcie in; time ; he .had been attracted by her until she came between them. And she had been glad when he told her of his love ! Yes, it was not horror, but joy, a wild joy which swept over her heart when she learnt that it was she— she herself who had won him from Dulcie. And in the past how she had hated the un known, woman who had stolen his heart, from the child ! How awful it all was.! She bent her hands together, half frenzed with pain and self-reproach.; What should she do ! What should, she do I Only a short while since Dulcie's presence in the room had seemed to her almost a tangible fact. What if she. were actually now at her side, unseen but seeing all, hearing his confusion of; love, learning that she, Clem, was that other .woman they, had so .often discussed. To her. overwrqiight brain everything became luridly, unnaturally clear. Al these past weeks, then, when! she had laid herself out to entertain him' and to make, their little home attractive! she had dono it, not for Dulcie's sake — that had been a fiction which she. had; successfully imposed; even upon herself, -H but for her own. ; For that one: moment of irrepressible joy.; she hated both herself and him— but herself be-: yondall words!' ' "' i : " Dear, what is it ,? T don't under- ! stand I" lie said tenderly, crossing 'to; her side, and taking her hand in his;' but she wrenched them violently away,: gazing at him. with eyes .wide with1 agony. ' "Don't touch ' me !" '. she ; panted ; " don't come' near me .'-' It's: all so horrible! , It /seems to me that! you have made mC heir murderer— I,' who loved her so I / Ah, no, 'you don't: 'understand, of . course— but it "'is so ! ; . She is dead— my '.little Dulcie. ( She: died this morning quite early; These," indicating ''the" pile of newspaper slips, j , " were the' last things she . asked for, ; She cared sq'mueh'for your, Success 'and: , she wanted to be 'associated, with; it.; Ydur success that has Cost her fr'life! ' My poor d'arlingdbved ypUTv?h,;'sb .well, ; But / when '/ she .found' she could ' not win, your.' love, ""she" thought' only of; your success. /' She ' had not' strength ; for ,tha work;; but she; forced herself to ; it, she would hot /spare herself ; and it1 has cost her, her life. And I— I ' ain alone/ I tell you," with sudden.' fierpe-j y - , ,,uH .tm\rr.,A \ ness, "there, are moments, in the past when I have hated you for coming into her .life and spoiling it— spoiling both our lives, for was hot mine wrapped up in hers ? but it seems that it is I who have spoilt hfer life,' I who have — 0,my God, what have I done ?" " Believe me, I never knew, I . never guessed all this. You must believe that I had not the faintest suspicion of it,, that I am altogether guiltless of having striven to win . her love," ?! ' urged, a look of distress .settling about his mouth. ;.. "I- do not know," she groaned,' almost writhing in her pain. In , her heart pf.heorts she knew him, to be absolutely guiltless of 'any conscious look . or word which might .'have, encouraged Dulcie's love, but her agonising remorse for. that fleeting moment of what to her seemed shameful disloyalty to her dead friend goaded her beyond endurance. He bad brought this suffering upon her, and she wished him to suffer in a like degree — that was her only conscious sensation. Had she _ not been in the way his love would have been Dulcie's (or so it seemed to her) ; and had that been the case, he would never have allowed her to overtax her strength with so heavy a part. In- directly, therefore, she was responsible for Dulcie's death. " Listen," she said, nnd her voice vibrated with concentrated passion. " This morning, as Ilaidmy.darling's head back amongst the pillows, the whole of my life seemed empty, bare, and dreary, as if everything that had. the power to arouse sympathy, tears, or lau'ghter had been swept from" it — as if nothing any more could stir in me any strong feeling. And I thought God had dealt very hardly by me— so little do we really understand what poinis, that I mistook mere sorrow for it. I' ain wiser now. What you have just said to me— the truth that I have just learnt — has filled my life to overflowing with a bitterness so cruel that my grief tins morning is dwarfed into nothing in comparison with it. My God, I don't see how I am going to bear it 1" .. and she dropped her head on her arms in an attitude of utter desolation. "Dear," he pleaded, " you are wronging us both ! Have a little pity for me. I have loved you so well. ' Only for your sake did ' I. covet success. Last night, as the applause rang through the house, I thought only of you. . This gives me the'right to ask her love, I whispered to myself, and for that I prized it." " " " That too, then — that too !" she re flected bitterly,' and almost the last words uttered by Dulcie drifted into her mind — words of wistful triumph. "I shall live apart in his memory, Clem— as a part' of his first success. _ It is greater than to have been his wife, for fame is more to a man than love. There will be others to come after me, but this was his firstborn. It will bo always the dearest to' him, and ever with it will be associated my nane." And even that poor prize she had wrested . from the child 1 In his hour of success his thoughts were— not with his Work, nor yet with Dulcie lending it such exquisite expression— but with'her. She raise/d her head with a look almost 'of despera tion in her eyes. " I may be wronging both of us— I may be unjust- -I may be pitildss, as yon say. To you,' it may all seem mad and exaggerated, but to nio it is a reality — an'awful'reality— that I haVe killed one' who all my life has been' dearer' to me than anything in earth or 'heaven! It has been doue j. unconsciously— oh !" - — With a sudden Wild break in her voice — ' if she knows anything in that other world, she must knowthat/rbht'as surely as ifl hadheld a' cup'bf poison to her lips. , AU my life long ' that ' thought will be with me-r-- that, and one other, that but for you I should never have known it. I'may be dealing hardly by 'you— perhaps I take things "more hardly than most '.people '-but I can't forgive you 'for' forcing the' truth 'upon" me'.'. You' -understand no. 'It will be always like that," With 'a ; gesture "half of entreaty, half of command, she checked the remonstrance which was hovering upon his Hps. Be sitenK 1 bapof you> Each; word you uttec causes me fresh pain, for it proves to me. how completely I have ousted her from: your thoughts. Go away, please. "Now— at once. Tlie longer you remain the eraeUer the torture you. inflict upon me." She turned wearily away and dropped \- into a chair, so. she did not see the last vestige of hope and joy die from the . face which had, been so full of both. Nevertheless," she was as conscious of it ' as if his features had been reflected in the space upon which her eyes were 'fixed;, and as his retreating steps, heavy' 'and slow, fell upon her ear, in a dull vagne fashion it seemed as if her heart kept pace with them. As they grew fainter, and yet more faint in the distance, her heart throbbed in unison ; ' and as they died away in the clang of _ the front door, it was as if her life had " passed out with him. Nothing re- . mained but the empty husk. . . " I have been loyal, dear— faithful to ybu) my darling 1" she whispered into the ear of the peaceful sleeper, whose . white, stiff foce was scarcely whiter and \- stiffer than the pain-stricken one pressed against it. But Dnlcie smiled on — a ' smile of supreme content which seemed to speak of unutterable indifference .to ' matters of such small moment as : loyolty or" disloyalty, remembrance or ' forgetfulness. Even the tiny packet of ' newspaper slips lay but loosely between \- the pale hands. 