[?] Parkes ou the wallaby. Financial scare dying oixt. The Singleton Advocate is dead. - Heaps of gold coming to Australia. The Onnositiou has commenced stumnine. Australasian wool clip valued at £20,500,000. Good opening for a butter factory in Glen Inues. We are just now experiencing beautiful weather. The Princess of Wales is a firm believer iu ghosts. .. Bad luck is the only kind, which comes to the girl who waits for luck. Several parties are making good wages ground sluicing at Glen Elgin. - v' ; " The Kookarabooka mail is now run by Mr. D. Lyqch. ; . /. .... Glen Innes fruit exhibits at Musclebrook show were much admired. ... ... Special attention is drawn to Dawson and. Son's advt. on hrst page of to-day's issue'.- ' Sir Henry Parkes failed to resurrect the Kiama ghost in the Assembly on Thursday, night. Even the sectarian cry does not now- seem to avail our G.O.M- Ministers hope to be able to. prorogue Parlia ment within a fortnight. The Queensland Opposition members have re ceived a crushing defeat. Premier M 'II wraith is achieving a brilliant vic tory at the polls. New South Wales wool production 881,000 bales, valued at £10,500,000. It is proposed to tax all; foreign workmen en gaged iu Frauce. The full text of the Bank Issue Act has been cabled to Loudon. The financial scare has worn itself out in Vic toria, where everything is proceeding quietly.; Forged notes on the Bank of New South Wales and Commercial are in circulation. It is intended to erect in Chicago a marble temple as a permanent memorial to Columbus. Local footballers must practice if they want to occupy a forward position this season. The P.M. yesterday gave a" verdict to the Glen Elgin miuers. The leader of the Queensland Opposition has lost his seat. . ...'. , / ; . Ladies should go /to Chicago. An", elopement fever has been on there since the beginning of the year. The Albury Stock and Pasture Board has de clined to co-operate in the movement for an import tax on live stock. . ,.:;Tiie .Colonial Bank of Victoria lias suspended .payment pending reconstruction. The bank has no -; branches in this colony. For .Central Cumberland, M'Creedic defeated Nobbs, late member, by 1125 votes. Mr. Haynes, the Mudgee pet, is now on his muscle and says in future he will'staud no nonsense from anyone. The late Mr.' Abingtou Baird's forfeits for one year ran up to £80,000. The usual average is set down at £50,000. Over £6000 has been collected in aid of sufferers by the New South Wales floods by the central committee. South Australian civil servants are establishing a fund for the aid of widows and orphans of civil servants. The Minister for Education says it is noLin- tended to do away with -all provisional and half- time schools. Victoria and South Australia exported last year over 9,000,000 bushels of breadstuffs. The other colonies smported. ' I here are about 50 persons, just now prospect ing for gold 011 the beueh between the -Clarence aud Richmond heads. The. London newspapers regard Coniiigliam, the Vueeusianu memuei 01 tlie Australian cricket team, as a born bowler. . - The mail steamer Australia arrived at Adelaide on Thursday, delivering the mails in 26 days, thus breaking all records. The cash donations received to date by the Queensland Flood Relief Fund Committee amount to £69,OOS. The balance in hand is £3S,322. The public school expenditure last year was £768,395, towards which the school fees amounted to £77,524. The dock laborers at Bristol have struck work as a protest against the employmeut of non-unionists. Gregory, Bruce, Banncrtnan, and Lyons arc all suffering from injuries to the hands received dur ing practice, Lyons' injuries beiug especially severe. It is understood that the marriage of the Duke of ork and the Princess May of Teck will pro? bably take place in the autumn. The horses of the New South Wales Cavalry team are the best in the. stables of the 17th Lan cers, with which, regiment the team in England is quartered. ' Reconstruct' means, borrowing as much -as you. cau on fictitious security, aud when . your creditors get restive for their cash, tell them, to go and : whistle for R. — Gosford 1'imts, 