PfllHT AMP PARRY. fDV 'ABAM18.'J Matters political reached a sort of cul mination ia the form ot the recmt mild crisis. By this means the members of tho Home desired io notify that tliey bars at last an I red at the conclusion wbich the country arrived at folly two mouths ago, namely, that thoy havo no confidence in the Government. It was a cruol check not withstanding, for at no timo during the session has the Cabinet had what appeared to be such plain sailing a« on Tuesday niaht. It was a case cf running before a fair wind, cddmib, toppaUs, L'gwllant s*ibJ, royr.Js, and etun' (ails all eat, when iJsroet with the haven in eight the wind chopped ronud right in their tectli. livurythicg was taken aback, a ad the poor, craiy old cargo drogher lay right on her beam ends. It was a judg« ment, too, upon Ministers for Betting tbeir combative Chief Secretary on to ' barrack' the Opposition in the Legislative Council. 'Who was the l*te Treasurer 7' bewianled to know, and then anpwored hitcp.:!£ by con tinuing ' Why, an ex- parson. Who was the late Attorney-General ? A maa whom ncbody knew much about. Then the late Ministar of Lands was nothing more than a well-meaning farmer.' All thia is strictly Parliamentary, no doubt; but nevertheless it compafcaea an act of bue ingratitude, as thus. A wellmean ing man musk be a man of good intentions The road to hell ie paved with this sort of. material, and surely the Chief Secretary ehould have spoken more ree&ecttully; of rnc who, by hia own showing, has done so much ts improve tbe down grade track upon wbich, from a strictly political point of view, Ministers have shortly to travel. Touch ing the late Treasurer, it ia an awful thing, my friends, to be an ex-p&rsoa.; It indlcatee a capacity far bockBliding and a paueral , falling away from grace tbat is positively appalling to csntcmplate, and therefore it is cot wonderful that tbe p-pflsiato parson should not pall up 001 Lis carccr of de^cnc rac.' uutil he had f*)l?n even to the position of a politician, and a placokfl* one at that. Then, aeto Hie late Aitorne, -General; whom nobody knew much about— Well, perbapa his no confidence motion was expressly de signed that the Chief Secretary acd hie 1 colleagues might hear & livtle more about j him, and pq remove al l^ast oae of the above I objections. the past week has bean tue acc-ipt&ncs; of Colonel St. Hill'a motion, removing the disabilities formerly imposed on Mr Thomas Dillion for bribsry and corruption. Of course it is quite csns'etcnt with the eternal filncfs of things tbat tbe Lottery-Bill-pas3inp, garabling-eicauraging, spieler Parliament ehould view practices of the kind for which Mr Dillon suffered more j leniently thant those who are handicapped j with ccrtain moral principles and con scientious 6cruples. A fellow-feeling makes us wondrous kind. It is also quite accordicg to common custom that the man with a j plentiful lack of cash Ehould find himself powerfully attracted toward tbe man with | such an overplus of coin as eoa'ihs him to i scatter it with both hands. It represents the attraction of opposite*, by which nature , draws together for mutual eapport and ; BB'ietance the respective representatives tif ! hrains without money an-i money without ; brains; but the effect of the repeal ojon j the moral tone of the public and tbe purity of election is not likely to be of the very happiest description. Toie, however, is nut likely to trouble tbe chief mover in t'ue matter, who would not be ill-fitted by an adaptation of a rhyme wbicb was very popular during tbe tim-: of tha American rebellion, and which might set forth bow In tbe House of Assembly but lately there sit A member the? term a political rat, A-trying to lighten hie breast. of a load By humming the words of the following ode :— 0 for a lillet, and 0 for a screw ; O for a cheque as each pay day f-iJle due ; O for Condoning the act of the briber, who may, in his tutn, u my fund Ve sub scriber. O for the glorious triumph of labor, O for a cut at the goods of my neighbor.' And ao he kept O 'ing for all he had not, Not contented with owing for all be had got. There is evidently a wide difference be tween Herbert Bpeuccr'e prescription of BweetneBS and Light and the City Council's formula of Water and Light, sincc th? one makes for hurmony ar.d tbo other for die cord. But modest as wis tbo i-.k-a to run in a 2a rate without spying by your leave, or in any way consulting the ratepayers about the matter, the attempt ro follow t!:c Glad Etonian example and apply ihe closure by denying the citizcns tbe right of public meet ing w&e; still moie touchingly una&saming.; No wonder there was a determination to throw cold Water on such a pro- ! ject, and so let in some Light ont lie scheme; j and if the bill is now as deu-t &s; Eccios- | thenci the aldermsn have themselves very j largely to thank. It is absurd to talk abont tVlPT^ ht-ino an nnpuannthlo iTiimn. against the Council when tbe case is so plain. No one doubts the aldermen were moved by tbe best intention*, but tbe public bad a right tokaowof the affair; and, seeing that the bill is so strongly opposed by the ratepayers, it is for the Council, not the citizens, to give way. fa phort, the wey tfce man in the street puts it is— 'The blessed Council didn't orter Charge two bob npon our water ; And won't we have a proper fight Before we payB it on our light.'' AnoUier gftntlemau who h»a been follow ing Hr Dean's example during the week ia undertaking to put the people right repeat ing their own affairs is ' good Mr Hawkes,' the member for Bingarooma. It was on Baturday laBt that hia constituents sought to bring bia to book relative to the disor ganisation of the Scottsdsle triin service, the consequent delay in tbo delivery of maila, and the utter dislocation cf proper travelling facilities. Tbe caea wai a his constituents that it was all jast as it should be, end that to compl* iu atoat it w&a; to exhibit tbeir own want of cotnmon sense. Now, it is a sensikle dog who leaves a room on his own proper motion ss soon as he sees there is a decidcd inten tion to kick him out. Moreover, there ia a pleasing litt'e ceremony in Japan known as the Hari A'/iri, pursuant to which, when intimation is conveyed from the Mikado to a high official tbat he has been weighed in the balance and found wanting, and there' fore had better promptly csecutc judgment on himself, the condemned onn whips out his 'yataghan, draws it ema'My r.nroPB bis abdomen, creates considerable conrupi^n in bia intoriur economy, and Hum performs upon mruBiMi iuc nappy jjespuTca. aveo eo, Mr HpwkcB hr.R nctcd in similarly p?r. ' forming his HAM K*BI, 'Twos at Bcottndale nn Si' -irday ni-ht That, to alter the tone of bis bark, They tried to teach good Mr Hawkes The full meaning of toeing the mirk ; But they found, with no lit' le ch&zrin;, That though abetiatitc, bamptioae, acd crasF, He has taken a first-clsee degree, In dispensing political 5^3.' Said be, ' Were it not that I sp^ak By the strictest discassienal mlos, , 1 should have to denounce one and all i As a let of contemptible foolq ; ! But as to a tone of rcepect I I must mak'i eom-i tranan?.ront rrel'uce, ! 1 simply condemn your remark* { As devoid of one spark of good F^ne:. j 'Can you for one momenl enppoa^ j The efftct of your meeting will be, ] Upon Mir.iFtersi equal to tbp.t Produced by one whisper from me ? | (jo v- i icci jeaember how faint. How i&cSably; powerless and weak, Is tbe stroug«Et appeal you can make, When I dc(m it ia time J should eneak. 11 Yon think against transit doL\vs And dLetention of mails I should tight ? 1 tell you that things qb they stand Are delightfully proper and right : And as lor the time tbat yon loss When you travel, and think it a bore, I say, by my view of the case, You ehonld lose juet a little hit more. ' What's tbat about old coaching days ? In those dreams of the ptet I delight, ' When tbe people who went on the rove Had to camp in tbe bueh cv'ry tight ; And, my fji°nds, jast clect me once m&re;, 1 And be sure that tbe hope ia not vain | That before a full yemr has elapsed J Ton may taste those eweet pleasures Ag*in, j 11 That's all — and I think you'll admit 'TwnuM ba hard to discovor my' match, Wlir-:n 1 s-?b th«t my timo has Brrived, In ptrfcrmipft the ' Happy Despatch ;* Ani now I'm prepare! for the end, F«*« ling suts that yout verdict will be— ? 1 A d-?cid6^ and pa^pa^lc ease Of politic?] fi-lo dc se» ' Tb\t Dime Parfingtnn is not without her Launcestnciw reprcecntative is eridenoed by the fallowing. Very recently a gentle mac was (tiling a story to a number ot ladies of another lady who had entered a shop and askod for some 'decimated cocoanut.' Tho shopman regarded her quizzically for a moaunt, und then suggested, ''la it sot desecrated cacaanut you want?'' the response being:— 'Ot course, How stupid cf mc to be sure.' The laugh which rewarded the story waa hearty enough, but it was nothing to that which followed when one lady abko4 ' Well, but what should she bave s%id ?' and another replied, ' Why, disseminated, ot coures, yon goose.' In & recent i»sue I quoted a docidedly leconie note which maecd between Lord John llu?scll md Sir Astley Cjoper on (he e'jbj'ct of goat ani sherry, which ban bad the happy effcct of bringing forth its twin brother. The story is of a fanner in tho Midlands, whose garden was persistently invaded by an ancicnt hillygo&t;, Ihe propeity cf an old woman wksse house was hard by his home stead, He had spoken to ber on the subjcct several times, and having exhausted prayers, tears, ar.d entreaties, bad proceeded to threats of vcagesncc dire, even to tbe ex tent of shooting the brute the next time it trefpasRsd. It was, however, all to no avail, ricoruua put in a predatory appearance he kept his word, and (hot him dead. Then he directed hie son to put him in a baiTow and wheel bim home, wbilo ho wrote to tbe bereaved owner:— 'Mrs Bowser. Dear madam— Please receive your butter.' The Hobart express has beco much in e*,i'i(.nco Uicly, acd it ia admitted on all bauds that ihe recent outrage only failed to produce r-n appalling catastrophe through I ths masterly mann'-r in which the engine I was managed by Driver Jones. But it is j always well to sec ourselves as othcie see us, j and therefore the following clip from an | over sea contemporary may possibly throw | furthtr light on tho fortunate escape I Thr. nf whirh tXAlDR I are driven om ths TaGmininn Main Line | between Hobart and Launccstsn oompeia remark froa every visiting traveller. The other day when the express was dashing along an op-jr⁣ at ihe lightning paco of a well-regulated funeral proceeaion, a terror stricken stranger thrust his hssd out of tbe window and yelled, ' Guard ! Guard I' ' Hull.i,' came tha response froa the van window, as the guard, who bad fortunately heard tbe cry, thrust his bsad oat also, ?' 2s thia a fast train?'' 'Yea,' ' Ah 1 I thought eo. Would you mind my getting ? out to see what it ia fast to ?' ! Bpeaking of Hobart it seetss that the j starting of thu tlvctric trim in that classic | city has aidly iatar'ered with the telephonic bad enou-b b.for.'-. but thia latest dieturh iu? ir.iluouci huB rolucsd those who ueo it to fucii ^ state or distraction that th: whole matter may be fittingly summed up in what the euffyrsng writer denominates J A 60UTHEHN' 6WEAB. I'm not a hardened sinner, And thf; truth mnj b? confePS?d, That I hope to rrnc a corner In tiiu mnusion of the blest ; Bn'. now I fairly tremble Thit Heav.-n is cot for him who worka ? A Robart telephone. ' 'Twas bad enough b:for3 they ran This vile electric tram, But now it makes you want to use i A word tha: ruyinej with j\m, \ Which I'm ccrtaic 1 should utter i If its use were only free, | And in writing it should spell it i With a great big double D. j You turn the blessed handle And begin forthwith to know Tbe gamut of inflections On that wearisome ' Hallo !' And to change the dnll monotony | Proceed to cuss and swear, - As you do the dUtocic Ob ita fellow, 'Are you there ?' J)al Sflono, lial'entando, \ Bis. Fortinimo, i,worr, 1 'Ehl What 1 D'ye hear .' Well tell us j What you tried to say before, . J Ab yes, 1 see, precisely, j Aud I understand as much , Ae ii, iiiEtcad of English, , You wore talking double Dutch. j That Walch's? Right ! Please post me The Forbidden Love gavotte. Gr« at C;mur'B ghost 1 Who said & word 1 Of any dove oeing shot ?' ' Was ever sogljt invented ' 3 hi', could siak^a mortal moan j Than can this telephone. 'You there? Hullo 1 Whose spoaking ? ; En ? What nama ? Ob, 1 aae | A passant sort of i»Uot | Who replies ' It's only mc,' | Of course, just like the other ; Otter fraudy throughout the town, | Who when yon waut John Thomas Bmith ! Rin£B up George William Brown, i I 'What's that 1 I ought to be ashamed ? 1 Sacb language yoa deplore ! | Upon tny sacred honor, sir, i It was not I who swore ; j Though, if I dij, I'm positive A cardinal would, own A ta in may swear and welcome Ai a Hobart telc-phono. ' And fo to make an ending Of a theme that would deprave ] Tho meekest m?.n who ever scorned A graceless, ribald knave. j May every ma':edictioi ! To our ghostly fathers known 1 Descend in horrent volume On the Hobart telephone. May its switches switch their maker, ! And each fcrceUs.i coil corrode, j Its C9lie immure th-r.r Be;ler, I And its b&ttarics; explode, j Tbo engineer is blown, ! Wiio rnn^this riio ab^rlinn CiH-'d i be Hobart teJeph.?ao, i fa Ia»t wprk'fl isauo I toM n. good story of ; tbo ck-tli, and to partner it, 1 may mention i that they arc vcjv rigid Presbyterians in I Otcge — M-:nof the true blue. King and Kirk, 1 and no eurrondor type. Therefore, it waa ! scarcely wonderful that the elders of one con- j gradation, which considered that it held high rank among thci'-unco pniJ, 'should be greatly cxerciicd and scandalised at a closc Intimacy ? which had sprung np between their new j minister and tha Catholic priest. They had i often ditcutsc.4 it amcsc? thc.mgclr#o 1 decide! that he must bs spoken to; bnt as he was a masluiful sort of a man so one eared te bell tbe cat. At last the tbiog grew ia tolerable, wuan, one Sunday, after aorvice, as thsy were standicg talking with the olender at the manss tales, tho priest time drivirg by in his gfo and tbeir mlcitt«r actually left them- to go eut into the road aud sppak to bim. Tbey literally bubbled ovor vrith holy wrath and righteous indignation, and when the culprit returuod the Benior elder went for him, tsd ' wondered what be, a man o' God, and a mesniBter o' the kirk, could possibly havs in coamoa. or bave U fay till thou Popjflli BJumBier.' 'OJ that 1 can ej^ily tell jon,' was the laughing response '1 J trivet, my son,' aiid he. 4 Had agoodesrvice,* I I enqeired, ' Capital,' was hja response. | Thsa I put in 1 I'll ewap you collections/ . and it woold have donu your hearts good to i see the way his eyr.s twinkled as he replied, i * No ftar, cookey, I know jour crewd,' ' j The I)ukc of Fife, speaking at tbo i luncheon of the Morayshire Farmers' Club, held at Efgtn on AuguV. 4, said the wisdom and prudence exercised by both landlords and tenants in tbat part, of Ihe country, during the severe deprceeion iu agriculture, bad paved them from any serious calamity. He commended to the consideration of young men the vast tracts of Greater Britiin — which were awaiting cultivation and development. 