SPR.ING PICKINGS. By "Malvolio." " He aeema to liave a foreknowledge." For Caulfield events the' best things seem — Caulfield Stakes — Fortunatus, Idolater, and Vakeel. Toorak Handicap — Graduate, Kookaburra, and Corrington. Caulfield Guineas — Mr. W. R. Wilson's beat and G argon. Caulfield Cop — Brock leigh, Jeweller, Falham andJdoBoow. Moscow has, as 'I- indicated . last week he would, proved a profitable investment. The grey is nowttflOO to J and pronpBhs to zee o still zljofter $o ti£j >j <, \ .. \ Mr. J. B. Citrk's youngster, Duke "of York, did wh&l; toB -askedoL hM Maribyrnong, but''-NM$? J3to|ipb.lable companion, is a young iaoy -who has a strong dash of her Bire, Craubrook, about her. She has been left in the Maribyr nong Plate; Duke of York has been taken out. It doesn't look as if Donation could ' have a ghost of a show in the Caulfield Cup. After his defeat at Maribyrnong by Carbonate his party were by no means cast down. But they must be game indeed if tbey stand him after the way Moscow beat htm at Epsom. With Donation at 8st 51b and Moscow at Cst 111b in the big event on Saturday, it looks any odds on the latter being best goods of tbe two. And yet, if the M&ribyrnong; course be the proper measurement, Donation's gallop was not such a bad one. He was timed by Mr. S, G. Cook to bave run one mile five farlongs and 140yds in 2min /rfc-sec. The time for a mile and a half jfehould thus be .just under 2min S9sec. Not eo bad, after all, if all the surroundings were correct. - Though Tuiham s leg is somewhat swollen, it doesn't prevent bim from " losing Vakeel " over the Caulfield Cup distance. Good judges were saying yes terday that if Fulham ran up to bis track form be must win. It seeme as difficult to handicap ponies so bb to bring them anything like to gether as it does trotters. On Thursday, at Maribyrnong, Queenie (7st 71b) simply made hacks of the rest of the field. Her quality was known, too, before the start, all sorts of odds being laid ou her. Torpedo has not gone off yet. Second at Maribyrnong and Epsom is bis Mel bourne record up to the present. Pippin (7st 91b) is, I am assured, an outsider worth watching for either Cup, and Climax (6st 101b) for the Melbourne Cup. Epping's display in the Hunters' Steeplechase at Epsom was sensationally bad. Starting a strong even-money favorite, be wae expected, bar accidents, to be close up, even if be didn't win. But, commencing badly, he was always heaven knows bow far last. Yet at the finish he jumped right enough, and made up a lot of ground. At least two young Australians evi- ; dently enjoyed the race. Just as the horses were coming in a couple of laugh ing jacka6S0B perched themselves on two 1 flagpoles on the grand stand, and in- 1 dulged in loud and unrestrained mirth. "What at? On Friday, at Epsotn, a steward went down with the starter to the mark for each race. The effect of this innovation should be beneficial ail round. It will prove a check on unruly jockeys, and help to free tbe starter of the charges of ill-temper that are so frequently made. If Sydney advices are good, Brock leigh should be a certainty for the Caul fleld Cup. Opinion from the other side is to tbe effect that whatever beats him will have to run it inside '30. Yesterday a wire reached me — " Discount Oxide beating Brockleigh. Fit and well, latter sure winner. The first attempt of Mr. C. Vatson, the manager of Tattersail's Club, to put a race coach tin. the road was a success on Friday. , sides of Bourke-street were lined with spectators, and a cheer was given as f he four hones started for Epsom. The drive through Albert Park, along the Esplanade, and straight through Brighton to Beaumaris, hugging the cOA6t the whole way, was an extremely pleasant one. Just beyond Sandriugbam we picked up Joe Griffin, who imparted tbe news that Lord Hope- toun, the Melbourne Cup candidate, and the promising oolt Moorite, were in rare buckle. Tbe hedges at thi6 season of the year are resplendent with gay wild flowers, and choice blossoms that have escaped from neighboring gardens. The wattle and the ti- tree are in full bloom, tbe grass is a perfect emerald green, and on Friday the breeze came off the water just warm enough and full of ozone to be invigorat ing. The drive down was an extremely pleasant one, and a sensation was created as the drag drove on to the racecourse with the horn in full blast. Tbe cham pagne lunch was a liberal one, as more than those who went down on the coach can testify. Tbe return was not so pleasant, owing to tbe rain, bnt as I was delayed collecting over Moscow, and had to travel by rail, it didn't matter to mlT personally. Mr. Watson contemplates starting a coach each day of the Cap meeting. It is not comforting when you are winning a few pounds at draw poker, open a jackpot, and All iu two pair to a full hand, to run up against four kings, and lose the whole of your winnings. Especially when it turns out to be 44 No more, thank you. That was really the very last hand." A letter to Mr. J. Green, the Indian buyer, from Frank Cnbitt, brought on to Brisbane by the pilot to Thursday Island, states that, despite the rough weather encountered by the Mbmbtusa, Liberty, Myra, Sir John, Telephone, and Survivor had not suffered in the least. The horeeB shipped by Messrs. Lyons, Moore, and Patterson had not been so lucky, though none was killed. The Australian horses sent to South Africa have not fared well, the climate not having suited them. A prominent metallioian, who has just returned from a sojourn in the old country, tells me that the general opinion in England is that good a horse as Isinglass undoubtedly is, be would have gone down before Marcion had tbey met. That the Grand Prix was won by Bavensbury he hasn't the slightest doubt. He was standing near tbe win ning-post, and would willingly have laid 100 to 1 on. the English horse when they passed it. Joe Thompson had a £5000 book on the Czarewitcb and Cambridgeshire, and was taking a rest till these events. Joe has a fair starting price business, which his brother Barney manages. Joe talked of coining out, but not post yet. Joe Harris has joined the "silver ring," and Jem mace is betting for shillings. The latter is described as giving the impression of being a "little balmy." Our friend w&s;'at the Sl&vin; and Hall fight, and his impression is that the former was . dragged with hie own bad wine and whisky before he went into tbe ring. He had all tbe appearance of being 44 groggy " in more senses than one. He had laid £22 to £10 on Sl&vin;, and knew at once that he was gone. Before tbe first round was over everybody in the place was yelling at Slavin, and call ing him all the worst names they could call to mind. The general idea was that the proposed fight between Mitchell and Corbett would come to nothing. The .former looked well, and was confident of victory if they did meet. M'Auliffe, the American light-weight, is a short, thick-set young fellow, and a likely looking fighter. Jem Hall wae in good health, and looking well. Neither he nor Slavin talked of .coming out to Australia again. Though the latter was not doing as well in his hotels as before hie fight with Ha)I, he was still making a fair living. England, says our returned penctUer, is right enough for a short trip, but Australia is plenty good enough for nim to live in. 