F -AL[NT HEART. -U 'Didn't you notice that she wore a hat of last year's fashion I exclaimed Miss Aller -dyce, scornfully . 'But her eyes'were like grey stars.' • ' But her manner was dreadfully quick and decided.' ' She was very pretty.' ' My dear Richard, you are really absurd, The girl is a hospital nurse, and what woman with any refinement or delicacy would take up any such profession as that : It shows she can't be nice.' .. 'Now you know you are only saying so because she is pretty. Of course ladies do such queer things, but that doesn't excuse an unwomanly feeling. Besides, she is only a solicitor's daughter. I shan't ask mamma to call.' 'But don't you think common civility-' ' No, I don't. She is only staying at the rectory, and we are not supposed to call on. every one's friends. Besides, Capt. Hard wicke is expected home and it would make it awkward. What would one of Lord Bel mont's people say if we asked them to meet a girl like Miss Travers V ' All the same, she's as pretty and lady like as anyone I ever met.' ' Very likely; but she is not in our set. Now Richard. if you say any more, I shall begin to think that you are falling in love with her, if the idea is.not too absurd.' But Richard had closed the drawing-room door upon his six sisters' languid voices, and was half-way across the wide lawn, with its brilliant parterres of summer flowers. Poor Richard Allerdyce ! only son of the richest banker in Chellowdean, people of good family, but with just that uncertainty of social position which had made them afraid of overstepping any boundaries, and rather gratified at being on intimate terms with Lord Belmont and the Hardwickes, he was of divided mind this summer after noon. He had been greatly taken by that sweet face and slight figure in the rectory pew last Sunday, was sensible of a thrill of more than civil interest when he met their owner walk ing home with the good old rector after service, and was introduced to Miss Travers, while the eyes ' like grey stars' were suddenly raised to his, and he had ever since spent a larger portion of his time than was strictly needful in walking past the rectory's rose covered gate. But on the other side his sisters' words had certainly struck home. Brought up as all the Allerdyces were, like hot-house plants, sheltered from every Breath of frosty air, it was hot strange that' Richard at five-and-twenty, though a big, burly enough young Englishman to look at, was but little of a man in heart or mind. Knowledge of the world had been carefully kept from him, as from his sisters, lest they should learn evil, but their very ignorance had cost them the loss of power to choose between evil and good, and had given them weak pr.judices and conceited opinionative .ness, instead of a mind able to discern and prefer the right. R'chard's handsome face was overcast as he swung out of the lodge gate and down the road. Miss Travers a hospital nurse, cer tainly it was a shock. Not only did it seem unwomanly to him, for a woman to work at all, but infinitely more so to do menial work. And then the awful thought of what his mother and sisters would say, were they asked to receive a hospital nurse as his future wife. For it had gone as far as that in Richard's susceptible mind, even in these three short days. All at once his thoughts broke off as Miss Travers herself, sweet and bright as ever, in her black dress, came out from the rectory gate, the great 1ectory mastiffpacing behind her. Now Richard's own collie was at his heels, and there was a bitter feud of long standing' between those two faithful followers. There, was one angry growl, a heavy rush, a thud, and then a bronwn body and a black rolled to gether in the dust in a manner suggestive of a dog's funeral on one side or the other. Richard, who was actually staggered by the suddenness of it all, could not for a moment regain his senses, and when he did it was to find Miss Travers with both hands locked in the hair of Rollo's shaggy neck, pulling him from his foe with all her strength and calling to Mr Allerdyce to take hold of his dog and pull him off. She was being whirled round in a cloud of dust by the frantic waltzers before Richard could decide on where to take hold, but the task was performed for. him by a gentleman in tweed knickerbockers, who started out of the' White Hart,' a few yards away, and ran to the rescue. Between Miss Travers and himself the combatants were separated, each carrying off a few fragments of the other's person, and. Miss Travers, flashed, panting, and covered with dust, but looking lovelier than Richard had ever seen woman look before, sank back against the rectory wall and tried to laugh. The stranger lifted his' hat, looking straight- at her with a pair of piercing brown eyes ' Excuse me, Miss Travers,' he said in a rather of-hand maune, ' but that was about as rash a thing as it was possible for anyone to do. The dogs might both have turned on, you snd bitten you.' 'Thank you Captain Hardwicke, I had not the least fear,' was her only response, given with a little haughtiness. And then the gentleman, with a nod to Richard, turned from them and strode away ai rapidly as be had come. ' Miss Travers, are you hurt i You never should have done a thing like that; Hard wicke was right, it was awfully rash! By the way, you know Hardwicke ' 'No, I am not hurt a bit. Don'tscold met please; I know it was a silly thing to dd;; but I did not stop to think. Pray do not look so horrified.' ' But if you had been bitten.' 'Well, I wasn't.- And her face dimpled with a friendly smile at his shocked look. 'But you know Hardwick ' he persisted, quite unable to get over his surprise in that quarter. ' Oh, yes. Captain Hardwicke was in the hospitaLwith anaccident some in?tao - that's all,' she said, ond her face grew cold. Then she pulled a robe from the hedge so sharply .that it fell to pieces in her hand. " Look here, let us cover over the battle field with flowers;' she laughed, showering the petals on the ground before her. Richard went home more thoughtful than ever. Surely this woman was a novelty in his experieince. She acted with the skill and daring of a man, and yet he would rather not think what his sisters' faces would be had they but seen it. Was it actually lady-like 7 or should she not rather have fled from the scene of conflict, or screamed and fainted 1 To be sure, she looked as beautiful as an avenging Amazon, but then was it quite correctconduct for a girl I . And Captain Hardwicke's manner, so abrupt and dictatorial, he seemed to show her the difference between a nobleman's nephew and a hospital nurse. It must have been an awkward meeting, as his sister had said. And then a cold shiver came over him as he thought of Miss Travers introduced as Mrs Richard Allerdyce at Belmont Castle, and then Captain Hardwicke's stony stare of surprise. And yet- and yet-she was so beautiful. ,; Nearly three weeks had elapsed since the dog episode, and Richard's courage still wavered in the balance. He had grown to know Miss Travers well in those three weeks and to know her was but to love her better. There never was a woman so sweet ands clever-so sympathetic, so beautiful-he wa certain of that, no oue he "more ardently longed to have for.his wife, and yet ! That terrible strength of character, that profession and that total lack.of pedigree. Only last night in the moonlit garden of the rectory, he had almost flung all prudence to the winds, she had been so dangerously (she was always especially kind to him), fatally sweet, but he reeled back from the gulf just in time when she mentioned casually that she had an uncle a chemist in Rochester. Richard recoiled again as he thought of it, and fancied Hardwicke's look if he cohld have heard her. For Oaptain Hardwicke was still at the ' White Hart,' and perhaps his presence, and the atmosphere of exalted society about him, had been one of Richard's restraining, though unconscious influences. Now as h: worked his way slowly up the steepest bill in the neighborhood on his new tricycle, he was pondering the old question in his mind. Could he take the fatal plunge or was it too costly ? A trim, graceful figure on the road before him, as at last he gained the summit, drove all else to the four winds, and in a moment he had overtaken the object of his cogita tions and sprung to the ground beside her. ' Mr Allerdyce ! how like a ghost you stole upon me. Oh, I see, it was a tricycle, and what a beauty. Do let me look at it,' she said, turning to shake hands And Richard nothing loth, began to dis play his new toy - a perfect thing in build and finish. The Allerdyces' possessions were always the most perfect of their kind, He began to explain it to her, forgetting all. about the chemist uncle, when she inter rupted him. ' Yes, I know all about them, thanks. I see it is a regular bit of perfection. I should I so like to try it. May I?t Once more Richard was dumb with sur prise A lady o n a tricycle was as yet an unheard of thing in rustic Ohellowdean, and it seemed an outrageous idea to him. 'I really da not think you could. My sisters neved.r have done suchl a thing,' he ' Your sisters 1 Oh,.perhaps not,' with a little smile at'the idea. 'But I am quite used to trieycles. I ride one whenever 1 get the chance.' A further blow to Richard, but there was no knowing how to rafuse her, so he stood aside. She took her place like one who was unaed to tricyeles, and he could not but admit that she adorned her position. 'What a delicious hill to run down. I really must try it,' she said, with a happy little laugh, as she placed her feet on the treadles. 'Pray, do not attempt it,' was Richard's horrified remonstrance, The hill stretched down evenmore abruptly Sthan on the side be had ascended, and near the bottom there was a mudden, sharp turn, with the railway line running just below the nastiest bit of road for miles around. Perhaps Agatha Travers would have hesi tated to hazard it, had it not been for the consternation in Richard's face. ' 'Mr Allerdyce, you are faint-hearted,' she said gaily, as she starts on her downward course--a little more rapidly than she bad intended, but Richard's new tricycle worked smoothly. His heart stood in his mouth, as the country folk say, as she began to glide off rapidly. She turned her head and flashed back a merry defiance. 'My uncle, the chemist at Rochester, used to say-.' ' Then the wicked sparkle faded suddenly, and she called quick and clear. ' *Can you not stop me please ? The brake is stiff, I can't make it work, it is running away.' Poor Richard of the faint heart, it seemed to die within him. The next second he had darted forward, but. it was just one second too late. The check she had been able to put on the heavy machine with the treadles, ceased to. keep it back, and faster and, faster it tore down the perilous road. In all his life to come Richard will never :know any minute so long as that next, the straight, slight figure flying through space seemed to swim before his eyes, andhis O 'oni-:faster, faster. She managed to hold to the steering handle and keep the machine in the middle of the road, but the mad pace grew more desperate. She could never turn that fatal corner by the railway embankment, over it she must go. And it was just then that Richard and she both to gether saw the puff of snow-white smoke from the hillside, that told them the evening ex press was out of the tunnel and thundering down that very bit of line. It all flashed over Agatha in one rush would'the tall kill her, .or would it be the train ' It must be one or the other, the next second or tio"would settle that. A swift prayer was on her lips, but what she never quite knew, for even as she breathed it, someone. or something in brown tweed knickerbockers hurled itself over the road side stile before her, a stout stick darted into the flying wheel, and with one quick swerve the tricycle crashed into the ditch, and lay there a confused mass of spinning spokes and mutilated tires, while Agatha flew out from its midst like a ball, and alighted on a grassy bank a yard or two away, and the express rushed past with a wild yell on the line just below, and vanished round a sharp curve that matched the curve above it. Then and then alone, did Richard's legs re gain their power of motion, and he set off as fast'as they could carry him to where the little black figure lay. Somehow it took him longer to run down the hill than the last de scent would have led one to think, for when Richard, panting and breathless, reached the scene of the accident, the little black figure, very much out of its usual trim neatness. was seated on the grassjy tangle that broke. her fall, busily binding up with her own small handkerchief a deep gash in the hand of the knickerbookered person who knelt by her side. It was a very pale face that looked up to Richard's, with the sort of awe that any human being must wear who had just been face to face with death, but her great grey eyes had a wonderful shining light in them. \-- - The poor tricycle:I am"' so so-trry. . Is it very. badly hurt ' she said. And in his relief and gladness Richard could find words for nothing but- 'Bother the tricycle.' He was ready .enough to 'say something, however, presently, when he found himself obliged to stop and see its remains decently cared for, while Captain Hardwicke took charge of Miss Travers' return to the rec tory. She said she was none the worse for her fall, but perhaps she was a little shaken, for Captain Hardwicke kindly offered his arm and shE took it. Richard hurried after them before long, his whole heart aglow. That awful minute had taught him that life without Agatha Travers would seem a poor and worthless thing, were she a factory girl. He hurried after them, therefore, and came in sight of the rectory gate as two hands unclasped over it, and a small, dark head raised itself swiftly from a brown shoulder where it seemed to have been resting. ' Good gracious !' was all Richard could utter as a moment later Captain Hard wicke sauntered towards him. 'Ah, Allerdyce, caught us, have you I Then I may as well tell you all and take your congratulations. Perbays you have heard bow Miss Travers' nursing saved my life last year, and of course I fell in love with her. She would have it, it was only gratitude, and refused to let me make what she called a mesalliance, just because there's that brute of a title coming to me some day. I offered to drop the title altogether if she liked, but nothing would do and we parted rather out of temper. 1 heard she was down here, and ran down to see my uncle, hoping! he would talk her over, but I began to think it was no use. I was frantically jealous of you, old fellow. I saw she liked you, and I almost believe you could have cut me out if you'd the pluck to try, she was so set against me. But to-day has made it all right, and she thinks I have saved her life this time so we are quits. Well, old man, am I not the liickiest man alive T?' ' But-but--surely her family---' stam mered Richard. . ' She is an orphan. Oh, I see what you mean, she told me she shocked you with an oncle who is a chemist. Bah. I should think the mere fact of being a hospital nurse was a patent of nobility. But if she were a beggar maid she would still be a real princess. God bless her.'° And Richard's groan may have been an asseit. Sometimes it pays a man to keep his wife fully posted in all details of his busi ness plans, A man recently advertised that he. would like to buy a second-hand lawn mower, and to address ' X.L.,' post office. He received one answer that struck him favor ably, and after corresponding some time he I hunted the party up and found it to be his I wife, who was trying to sell him their old I one. Do notilose your courage, but carry a brave spirit to the grave. cry 