St. Marys Municipal Council. A meeting of the above was held in'?'the Protestant Hall oii Thursday night last, when the following attended: The Mayor (Aid. G. Turner), Aid. Garner, Holmos, Turner, Oox, Fleming, Beacroft, Quigley, and Hope' ELECTION OF MAYOR. , The Mayor mentioned that as ho was a condidate for the position of Mayor ho would leave the chair for a few minutes. Aid. Garner was elected to the chair, and proposed that the Mayor be re- elected for the. ensuing year. Aid. Hope seconded. This was unanimously.agreed to; and the Mayor was recalled. After briefly returning thanks for the honor conferred upon him, the MINUTES. were read and confirmed.^ CORRESPONDENCE. ' After the outward correspondence had been read the inward correspondence was read as follows :- ^ Prom the Department of Works, stating that lie had inspected all slaughter- houses and dairies in the Municipality and found them clean. An application from Charles Martin asking permission to blast some rock in work he was carrying out. Permission was granted. A number of circulars, legal opinions, &o.;, from the Municipal Association, and other matters of no importance were also read, and the correspondence was received. REPORTS. Aid, Fleming then read the Works Com mittee's report, in which a number of works were recommended to be carried out; also the payment' of several contractors was recommended. Aid. Hope objected to the payment of an account for clearing Collins-street, which had been done by the Chairman of the Works Committee without the consent of the other members of the Committee. This caused a little discussion, ending in the report being received. The- Finance Committee's report was also read, recommending aocounts to the amount of £65 6B 4d for payment. The amount of special grants to the credit of the Council was £786 8s 8d, and general funds £24018s 5d. The report was received and adopted. Aid. Cox stated that he had received £8 from Mr. John Allen, of " The Meadows," and £2 from Mr. William Thomson, lor certain work. QUESTIONS. A few questions of no importance wero asked and satisfactorily answered. STANDINO COMMITTEES. Aid. Hope moved and Aid. Fleming seconded. that Aid. Garner, Cox, and Beacroft form the Works Committee for tho ensuing year, Carried. , Aid. Hope moved, and Aid. Quigley seconded, that Aid. Turner, Holmes, and the mover for the Finance Committee, Carried. . Aid. Hope proposed, and Aid. Holmes seconded, that Aid. Quigley, Beacroft, and Garner for Bye-law Committee. Carried. . Aid. Garner and the Mayor were ap pointed to sign cheques in conjunction with the Council Clerk. MOTIONS. , Aid. Fleming moved that tender® be called for valuers for the ensuing. year. Aid. Bcacroft seconded. Carried. Aid. Quigley moved that the services of the Inspector of Nuisances be retained at the Bame salary for another term. Aid. Garner seconded. Carried. Aid. Cox moved that the Council empower the Works Committee to have all culverts metalled within half a chain_ on each side. Aid. Fleming seconded. Carried. Aid. Oox wished to withdraw his motion; with rogard to purchasing furniture for the use of the Council, as the Hall Committee had expressed its willingness to purchase all furniture necessary after some alterations had been made to the hall. The Council then rose. A terrible fatality is reported from Buda Pestli, in Hungary. During the carnival festivities a cask of petroleum exploded beneath a crowded ballroom, setting the premises on fire. In the panic which ensued 17 persons were killed and many others injured. A serious assault took placs in the Goulburn Goal on Thursday, when two prisoners named Smith and Jackson attaoked two warders and the deputy governor, who were removing them from the yard to their cells. Jackson, who was flogged some weeks ago for a similar offence, was incarcerated for three years for shoot ing a Chinaman, on the evidence of his half-brothers, the young Smalls, not unknown in Pem'ith. Jackson was a pro minent figure in the celebrated Clarcmont ghost scare, which caused a great' deal of sensation a few years back. It would appear that he still continues to distin guish himself. , 