hi pemy rnrnr r-e / V'-.-" The one afternoon train was duek Middle? ford — a small, strangling, and\neri very prosperous town where terminateSauferaneh fine from a junction on the Sonth-"Wea|>ejrii Railway — a line for which, after longr>mt>L tracted opposition and delay, a grant had been obtained toolate, traffic having merged in the direction of a neighboring place. (< MiddleLord ! Middlefoxd! " A« the train drew up at the platform, one passenger only,, a young man of about eight or nine and twenty, stepped: out and stood for a few moments looking about him as if in nnfifirfetiwfcj- TTft was, in fact, debating with himself as to whether he would, alter ail, pay the chance visit he had gone there to make. He had not gone by invitation other than was conveyed in toe words : "Don't forget to look me up if you chance to be anywhere in our neighborhood, Meredith," spoken by a young fellow between whom and himself therehad been some degree of intimacy at the UrirversSy, as the two parted to go their different ways. The usual words, not gene rally estimated above their value ; and: the f Kn rwif nnonrrftil fA lttucb VIA WHiiiTg »u«ua y«pi- MI Allan Meredith until he found _ himself stranded for some hours af the junction, and, turning over: the leaves of BradMiaw, came upon tbo name of Middlsford, and remem bered that it was Laurence Versehoyle's Elaoe. Finding that it was not more than: ve or pi- miles from the junction, and. that the train was just starting, he had, on toe impulse of the moment, taken a ticket and jumped in. He stood for another moment or two still hesitating, little imagining toe influence his decision would have on his future life, and. unable to account for his irresolution. — a state of mind so unusual with him. He presently hlmiwlf free, of the. feeling, and decided, since he tod got so far, that to would go on. He inquired trio way of the porter, who had been Gnriously eyeing him, and leaving his bag at toe station set forth for the Priory . A a he walked along the not vary interest ing-country road, his thoughts reverted again to tiie man he was going to see. What had become of him since they had parted three years previously — V erschoyle, the fink favorite of nis set, " who, with his good intellect,, brilliant, witty and versatile, tod seemed capable of almost any menial ; ! True, lie had done nothing, beyond give the impression that ha could do a great deal if he chose ; ''and," thought Allan : Meredith, "carry home s sheaf of bills, I expect. He ought to have been toe moneyed f and I too one obliged to keep to toe grinflatrme, perhaps. I oon't know j the ! very necessity few aomg something may have ' given him toe kind of Impetus he needed — to : Bay nothing of having to keep up the prestige of an ancient name, which must be some spur ' to a man.. He had reached the cross roads, mid was recalling the somewhat vague directions 'the porter had given him. "Straight on 'fill you come to a finger-post that seemft to point took to toe station, hut doesp't; 1 take thatr read, sir— the Priory lane, fit's -called?— until year come to a swing gate, leading into a field ; orore that, keeping toe footpath to toe left; mind you, tfll you see a stile ; get over that, go through - toe. lodge gates right oppotite — though it Isn't & lodge now, and there aint no gates, only pestri — and up an avenue, where aU toe trees have been out down, and these you axe. The ; old-place vouHsee before youis the Priory. " Hba said weather tod afiaoed whatever information the sign post had ones afforded and there was nothing for it but to trike the direction in which it pointed. He walked slowly on, speculating as to what sort of welcome he was likely to receive from Verachovle's people. How little he knew about them. Frank to effusiveness in some directions, Versehoyle could be reticent enough in others, arid rarely alluded to bis family. That he was an only son, and at bis father's death had inherited but the wreck of a once large property, Allan knew. He had also heard that the widowed mother was still living. What was Versehoyle doing? — living upon the small property, farming the land or had he, as to had sometimes talked tof doings gone in for literature, and carried his wares to the London market? At that time his wares had appeared to Allar Meredith likely to be worth a great deal ; but, with his three years' added knowledge and experience, he was now inclined to estimate them some what differently. Verschoyle's intellect had, indeed, revealed itself chiefly by fitful flashes, brilliant and dazzling enough in their effect at the wowimtl, hut leaving no lasting impression of very high powers ; and this, with his mercurial temperament might render his success in the future doubt ful. Allan Meredith had proceeded some dis tance, and was beginning to think that to most have , passed the Bwing gate without noticing it, when, on turning a bend in the " lane, he saw a young girl walking in advance. ' He quietened his steps a little in order to 'overtake tor,, and make inquiry as to whether to was going in the right direction, noting, ! meanwhile, tor general appearance so far as to infer that she was a farmer's daughter ; or -rather, as he thought with a half smile, 1 what a farmer's daughter is conventionally supposed to to Rke. Thick leather shoes, a plainly made gown of some light gref stuff, and short enough for country walking; a large brown straw hat, with neither flower nor feather to adorn rt; and ungloved hands, in the one swinging by her side a strap buckled round two car three tattered-looking books. After a moment or two he recognised some thing more. Taking note of. the firm, light step, the carriage of the head, the perfect esse arid freedom of the tall graceful figure, to mentally ejaculated: "A lady; aye, and with some individuality of tor own, too !" His step had evidently not been heard on the soft, springy turf, and to was fast lessen . ing the distance between them, some curiosity now mingling with his desire for information, when toe turned out of the lane and passed through a swing gate. Here she paused for a moment looking back, and their eyes met Yes ; just such a face as to, a dreamer of dreams, had sometimes pictured to himself, hut hardly hoped to see in the worldof reality. -A fees too grave snd troubled for her years — she looked barely IS — tot how beautiful with its ctear- steadfost eyes and general expres sion so simple, frank, girlish, and, at the , te anteUigent and thoughtful ! c5h& as regwdiifg Hfm with a surprised, questionmgIqk , which reminded him that too pertinaciously. ! I. eaascioajly he lifted his hat and : asked : " Caa you direct me to the Priory ?' " The Priory?" she repeated in a lot voice, her eyes fixed more intently upoi. him, and her hand tightening on the gate. " Me Verachoyhe'8 dace. 1 was directet at the railway station, but do not teel surf that " " "Whan do you want to see. there ?" to( put in abruptly — almost ungraciously. Nor tire tone assumed ; this was not the girl to affieet the brosqusrie of uuconven- tionality anymore than the suavity ofconven- , tion&lity;— it was rather that of one in deep anxiety, and. unaccustomed to veil toe thoughts. " Mr Versehoyle," he. replied. J " On business !" — the expression of dreaA of -whatever it was, deepening in hel face, white now to the lips ; as, on the i\ pulse of the moment, she pressed back tin : gate b» though to bar the way. " iN, rte murmureu. io nave orougns s such a fook to such a face J She still eyed him with the same unquiet scrutiny, as though debating something in bed mind; their hurriedly asked, "But why? Where do you come from." TTft might very well have a what in- ' terest Ms relations with Versehoyle could have for her ; hut he felt that there was some grave reason underlying her anxiety, and waa not inclined to take offence. Moreovet. there was no necessity for mystery enha ride ; and, therefore, he might as well reply openly and directly to her" question. (< From Geayminster. My name is Mere dkh." " Are you a friend of his ? Mr Versctoyli ia my brother still a little heritaingly aa% as it werec, on the defensive. TTft raised his tot again. " We were at Wadham together, Miss Versehoyle, asdL to be in this neighborhood, I thought I would look him up for toif a 4 hours talk ovar old times." The color came into her cheeks, and a smite to-W beautiful UpSj afitoughtoth faded tto quickly. "I remember your name no w, Jft Meredith- Ihave often heard my broth# ;gpeak of you," moving arid© for Jhim m pare through the gate as she added, "Hyojl wfficmne wfihmel wfilstovyoa toe way." He towed, passing quickly through to to| 'side. IBs Indecision had entirely vanished , now, and a visit to the Priory seemed the nop desirable thing in the world. To think ofVmy schoyle not mentioning that he had a afetef- ' and such a sister ! r " I fear T must have a«med toribly ru ' when you first spoke to rite, Mr Morodfihy she said, looking up into his face wiwl smile, as they proceeded along the path tsep skirted Ike fiiu. «Th» tatt U, I TM| afraid— that Is. I thought you were— Bom# one else," flnsbteg with the eormrieuana# that she w&ssayfog; more thau she hadmeai# to toy , He hastened to Msnre her that it had wqfc quite evident no disoourtesy was topo# 1 mentally, the while, congratulating him upon, not bring " bmmow else," then, qufoiy changed the subject. WI have nef togj ' your toother rinoe we left Oxford," > Versehoyle Your only brottor, ittototF . u Yes; and I am his only rister. Mjr mother, Laurence, and I live «t the P"y» " Mrs Versehoyle is well, 1 hope ? With suddenly developed interest in everything that concerned her. "My mother is not worse, I am glad to ssji than she has been the last five years. She isalways an invalid." Had not Laurence \- told him that much ? 'Was it anxiety about her mother's health that had brought that look to her face?" he was thinking. " No ; it must be something mere than, or at any rate different from, the kind of trouble which might spring from such a cause." He murmured a few words of sympathy," her clear eyes turned to meet his, with how different an expression from that he had first seen in them ! There was even a little girlish fun in them, 88 she asked : — ' " What kind of place do you imagine the Priory to be, Mr Meredith ? " " Well, one naturally attaches a little mediaeval romance to the idea of a Priory ; " adding, after a moment's reflection — there were certainly no signs of prosperity about, her — "and it ougnt to be somewhat dilapi dated, I suppose — in the picturesque stage of decay. It must be difficult to keep those old places in thorough repair." " Very," she replied, her face shadowing. Then, with a side glance at him and again attempting a jesting tone, she went on : "Difficult, too, as it crumbles away, to And room for ancient retainers, old pictures, heir looms, and the rest of it. Now prepare your mind, Mr Meredith, when we lurn thin next m bend— There is the Priory !" He was prepared now to see some dilapi dated old place, but hardly for that which met his view. The Priory ! That desolate- looking remnant of a building, standing' forlornly agaiast +he summer sky ! Portions of the walls, some high, some low, and all of great thickness, still remained here, indica ting the plan of the old Priory ; but at this distance, even these seemed to form part of the surrounding brickfields. By no effort of the imagination could the inhabited partoi the building be supposed to be the abode of pros perous people. All was desolation and decay, without picturesqueness. Even the aspect of the grounds aboul it, which might onse have lent their aid as a setting to the picture, 89emed now only to accentuate the fallen fortunes of tliohouee. Every acre of the ground about it, once of some extent and beautifully wooded, had been sold piecemeal — the greater part for brickuelds. On the side they were approaching there seemed no redeem ing feature in the dismal scene. No ; not likely to be spacious reception-rooms nor offices, for an army of ancient retainers . there ! Courtesy itself was dumb ! "The Verschoyles have not mneh left to be proud of, you see, Mr Meredith. We are not invaded by picnic parties and artists in search of the picturesque; bat you see the < worst of it from this side." At that moment the figure of a man was seen emerging from some side entrance, and hurriedly making his way towards the rains, in an opposite direction from that whence they were approaching. "Laurence !"— hurriedly calling out, as he seemed to take no heed. " A friend to see yon." He turned ; seemed to hesitate a moment ; then came slowly towards them. As he drew nearer, and recognised who the visitor was, he hastened his steps, bia whole face brightening. ' Meredith !" he ejaculated, in a tone of relief. " Where have you sprung from? How are you, old fellow? Quite well ?V Allan Meredith grasped the hand extended towards him, all the more heartily, perhaps, because it was the hand of Miss Verschoyle's brother, as he explained, " I was at the junction, and being so near, thought I would look jou up." " Glad to see you, old fellow. You know tbis is my sister ?" " Yes ; Miss Verschoyle was good enough to show me the way." Sbe turned to leave them with the words : " Dinner "mil be ready in an hour, Lau rence." "AH right!" Meredith had time now- to notice that there was the same expression of dread in the brother's face he had seen iu the sister's, bat with a difference. In her face it was simply fear ; in his it was this and something worse. Unlike his sister, looking straight at yon in her trouble, bis eyes were either downcast or averted ; shifting uneasily from one object to another. The whole man was changed — it seemed demoralized — since Meredith had last seen him. His very figure had lost its elasticity, and become slouching and cowering. " W hat have you been doing with your self the last three years aBked Meredith. f Oh, all sorts of things ; going to the bad, chiefly. Not much opportunity for doing that or anything else here, you may think," noticing the direction which the other's eyes took. ' ' No ; I have gone farther afield. Spent two years in London ; tried my hand at all sorts of things, and failed. I am a failure all round." " Nonsense, man ; if you take that tone you may be." "There is no other tone to take, now," moodily. " Give up in that way, with your abilities, and the world before you f ' " It seems easy enough to ou, I dare say. It did to me before 1 tried. There ds no need for you to put your theories to the test, or you might find that men occasionally /ail, even though they have hands and brains to work with. Some have to go down, Tm one of them—that's all ! " thinkP't V ersehoy le's creed, I " My sister ! She has been telling you about the wretched teaching business,' I sup pose? She, at any rate, is nbt cursed with the family pride. I can't endure to see her go about giving lessons to the clodhoppers round here. Does no end of drudgery about the house, too." to be continued. The cassowary in the plains of Timbuc- _too had a cousin several times removed in rh ostrich that has just died at the Clifton Zoo. When the bird was clissected . the local surgeon found in its inside a . , pencil-case, two pocket handerehiefs, and a prayer book. The Sultan and the Czar said to be talking the Bulgarian question over "friendly, as it were." 9 