Local and General. STBANGI WEATHBR.—It appears that some one or other predicted a great storm . on Thursday last, .and, certainly at Parramatta the morning broke ominously enough, dark banks of nimbus clouds being massed at differ- ent pointB of the horizon. At about 7 o'clock in the morning very peculiar shafts of light were observed through the clouds in tbe vicinity, of the sun stretching in different directions, but the day passed over without any marked meteorological disturbances in this portion of the colony. ALLEGED PEBJURY.—On Friday last at the Parramatta Police court, tbe Inspector of Nuisances at Granville proceeded against Thomas Kidd for allowing two borses to stray in Smith-street on February 2nd.. Tbe defendant pleaded not eruilty. For the prosecution George Kekewich, Inspector of Nuisances gave evidence, aB did also Henry Power and William Hill, cuiporation laborers. For tbe defenoe, Thomas Kidd, tbe defendant, Robert Eidd, and Arthur AdamB were beard. The Bench considered the case proved and fined the defendant 20s and oosts of court, in default levy and distress. Tbe defendant gave notice of nppeal and announced his intention of prosecuting tbe Inspector of Nuisances for perjury, which, he stated, be could bring 20 witnesses to prove. — Tbe other business transacted at the Parramatta Police Court yesterday was unimportant. Tax STONEMASONS' STRIKE.—As stated in our last issue, a number of stone masons, who left off work at the Hospital for Insane. Parramatta, on Monday last, interviewed Mr. Lyne, Minister for Works, on Tuesday. They stated tbeir case fully to that gentleman, who, however, whilst sympathising with the men, could not see bis way clear to interfere. In reply to Mr. Taylor, Mr. Lyne said, that, the contractor had not asked for or received the Government sanction in regard tosut-letting a portion of tbe work, but that be (the Minister) did not think it desirable to enforce the condition. It would be the first time that that were done. Of conrse the work would have to be completed within tbe specified time. In the Assembly on Thursday, Mr. Lyne, in answer to Mr. Hugh Taylor, said that Mr. Boothby's tender had been accepted for building a kitchen and other -work attbe Hospital for Insane at Parramatta. The amount of the tender was £3613 16s, and the -waric-was to be completed on 22nd May, 1893.—Six or seven men cameup fronfSydney and accepted employment ou the job, but -it is understood that most of tbem will again cease work, if they have not already done so. Mr. Taylor states that be has arranged to see the Minister again on Tuesday on tbe subject. A SWOON. — Yesterday morning, about 10 o'clock, an elderly man named Samuel Lawler was sitting on a chair juBt outside Mullaley's drapery -establishment in Church street when he fainted and fell to tbe ground cutting his forehead. He was taken into the establishment in question, restoratives were applied, and he speedily recovered. IMPOSTANT AUCTION SALE AT DUNDAS. — It will be noted in our advertisement column that Messrs. Walter Bradley and Co. will, on Tuesday the 28th instant, hold a most important sale at Ermington. The autioneers will offer th^t. well-known and excellent homestead, Tbe Retreat,, the residence of Mr. JameB Fnll. ford,as .well as tbe.irhole of tbesnperior.house hold furniture and appointments, buggies, waggons, etc. , " , I&OHAEDSOK.T.; O'OoKNELL; ELOHAED80S-AOT) WIFE V. O'COHKELL — It will be remembered, that in these two actions, whioh were recently heard in the Parramatta District Court, Judge Backhouse reserved judgment The judge has now given his .judgment. Defendant has succeeded in obtaining verdicts in both cases, with costs. Mr. Field, instructed by Mr. J. W. Abigail, appeared for defendant. PIERAMATTA WESLEY AN CHUBOH.—A tea and drawing-room entertainment, in connection with the Parramatta Wesleyan Church, has been organised by the ladies of the congregation, and will be held in the Macquarie-street Schoolroom, on Thursday 23rd Fenruray. . SINGLE-TAX LEAGUE.—Owing doubtless to counter attractions (not least, the Circus), the meeting ef the Single-Tax League, at the Centenary Hall, on Thursday evening, was not as well-attended as is sometimes the osse on similar occasions. An address was delivered by Mr Beid (from Sydney), on " Heal and Fictitious Values." At the meetingof the Branoh, held later in the evening, Mr. Jno. Saunders presided. An animated discussion took place on sohemes suggested, for the livening np of the ordinary] meetings. It was decided to meet in the School of Arts, in future,— every fourth Friday evening, starting the I7th of March. It was decoded also to continue the 'regular Saturday evening open-air meeting, and to inaugurate mock elections, debates, and disausfflohs on contributed papers, at the regular Branch meetings. CABBIKGTON TENT, I.O.R On Tuesday evening last the ordinary fortnightly meeting of Carrington Tent I.O.R. was held in tbe Schoolroom Parramatta. Bro. J. Drummond C.R. presided. After the routine business bad been gone throngh, the further consideration of the business sheet for the annnal meeting was proceeded with and the representative (Bro. J. Button) received instructions how to vote on several important matters connected .with the "Juvenile Branch of the order. It was resolved that the district Conncil.be. invited to .hold its annual "meetiog in February 1894 in Panamatta. ^ SCBPICIOUS.—Some of tbe residents : in Wigram-street, Harris Park, have been disturbed by their'dogs'at four o'clock on two mbknings this week, and, on going out have on «aoh occasion seen a man examining their front' gates. In one instanoe hn toll a dog, calling the animal by name, to lie down. Though the man seemed a stranger to those who saw him, hiB appeared to be familiar to the quadruped referred to. One resident armed with a revolver went ont to " inquire " into the stranger's presence, but he, evidently thinking " discretion the belter part of valour," made tracks for tbe corner. BAND PERFORMANCE.—By permission, tbe band of the 3rd Rtg., V I., wilt perform tbe following programme in Alfred Square, Parramatta, on Monday evening, 20th met., at 7.30 p.m.:—March, "Rebecca''; overture, "Tancredi"; aria,'" Sonnambula "; waltz, "Gipsy Bride"; selection, "I Lombardi"'; fantasia, Dawn to twilight"; selection, "Pride of Ireland "; -contest quadrille, " Indefatigable "; ' God Save the Queen."" TEOHMCAL OIIASSES.—THE deputation 1 appointed from the Parramatta Sohool of Arts, re the continuanoe of the technical classes at the institution, was usable to see the Minister fo; Public Instruction, 1 but had an interview with Mr. Johnson.' Under- Secretary in that department who. promised to bring the matter under the notice of the Minister. It is said upon fairly good authority ihat one or two classes, at least, will be re-established in Parramatta. St. AITOBEW'S.—The Bev. J. W. IircliB preaches as usual on Sunday. Knis morning Bubject " The Holy Ghost—His mode of operation" may be regarded as savouring of the doctrinal, his evening one is eminently practical, being " Beligion and Business." THE ABT OF SINOIXG.—In an advt. in another column—the particulars of which are amplified in a neat circular, issued with the MERCURY to-day, as a supplement—our readers are informed that Mr. Gordon Gooch, Basso vocalist, Professor of the art of singing, etc., is about to inaugurate, locally, select Singing classes, for ladies and gentlemen desiring to obtain a sound acquaintance with the rudiments of -vocal music. The classes will be conduoted in the evening, at the School of Arte; and -will commence on Thursday, 23rd instant, at 6 p.m. Terms, and other matters interesting to those wishing to plaoe themselves under Mr. Gooch's tuition; are given in the advt. and supplement. The latter, contains, too, sum a telling list of credentials, dealing most eloquently with Mr. Gordon Gooch's qualifications and power, both as a teacher and artiste, that it will be surprising indeed if Parramatta's well-known tastes in the direction of all things musical do not find an expression in-a gratifying roll-up of intending students, nrat'Thursday evening. ACCIDENT.—On Thursday an accident occurred to Mr. Hilton, of Church- street, Panamatta. He had been out to Prospect, and accepted the offer of a lift back to town in Mr. Bucket's buggy. The vehicle was suddenly stopped on the way back, to allow Mr. Hilton to speak to a friend. The ground sloped very much where the buggy gulled up, and as Mr. Hilton was alii and fell on a stump, severely injuring tus hip and receiving a great shaking. The sufferer was attended by Dr. W. S. Brown. PRINCE ALFRED DIVISION, S. AND D. OF T.— The regalsr meeting of tbe Prince Alfred Division took place on Wednesday evening last in the F.S. Hall, Parramatta. The W.P. Bro. G. Mortimer presided, and there was afair attendance. The report of tbe Committee (Bros. W. Muston, P. Morgan and J. Button) with reference to Bro. Eelly's alleged arrears was submitted and after some discussion adopted. The Most Worthy Patriarch Bro. W, Crispin was present and in response to a vote of thanks he delivered an interesting addreBs. A apecial vote of thanks was rendered to Bro. W. Hart senr. for bis services for many years as Treasurer of tbe Division. SCHOOL OF ARTS DEBATING 8OCIETY, PARRA- MATTA.—On Monday evening next the Sydney 6cbool of Arts Debating Society will pit their debating powers against tboBe of tbe Parramatta School of Arts Debating Society. The subject to be taken up is—" That any form of Federation which does not provide for an Australian Republic should not be sanctioned." The local society will take the affirmative side of the question.—On the loth of March the Parramatta Society will meet the Auburn Literary Institute in public debate, on which occasion the question will be, " That no Local Option Bill will be acceptable nnlessit contains a clause providing for compensation." Tbe Parramatta folk will again take the affirmative. The public are invited to these debates, all in the room being entitled to vote at the conclusion of the debate; • THE CIBOOS.—Fitzgerald Bros 'circus played in Parramatta on Wednesday and Thursday nights to good -houses. ,-Thefame of tbe Australian combination bad gone before them, and everyone was on the tiptoe of expectation to. see something out of tbe ordinary, in the tricks of the marvellously intelligent pony Commodore, and in the feats of the well-trained bronchos. Nor were thoBe eo expecting, disappointed. It may be admitted, that the performance on each evening was, taken as a whole, one of sterling merit. The riding waa particularly good,— whether it was that of Charley Hogan, Andrew, Herbert, the lads Harry Cardello end George Collier, Mrs. Maggie Fitegerald, or of Miss Nelly Connars. So genuine were the achivementB of the yonng artistes that one or two falls seemed to reflect in no ?ay upot the pluck or skill of the performers,—appeared, rather, as even furtber indications, were any necessary, of the riders* prowess. Mrs. Maggis Fitzgerald's steed slipped down whilst negotiating a jump over a high hurdle, but the lady esoapea unhurt, and was in a few minntes once more in the saddle completing the. eot. The polonred lad "Harry caina to grief, though not throngh any blundering on his part ;, and ; the "all the pontes in instant the accidenthai the ring stopped deaf till things were righted again. As in each of tbe other esses, the eo»tretetnps (.was nothing, serious, and a few .seconds later tbe business was running as freely as ever again. The contortion acts attracted no small amount of attention; and the clever fooling of the dumb clown kept the spectators in a simmer of enjoyment all the eveniBg. A novelty was the riding goat Agnes; and anything more interesting than the accomplishments of tbe trained horses—Commodore and Tommy (in their astounding see-saw performance), the Bernhardt fillies, or the milkwhite bronchos —it is not easy to imagine. The high jumping was bona JHe throughout; and the spectators were liberal in tbeir praise of that part of tbe programme, especially. The performance was brought to e.conclusion with the exciting Liverpool Steeplechase, in which were introduced a maypole dance, Irish comedians, and a boat of jnmping nags steered by clevar lady and gentlemen riders. Mr. D. Fitzgerald had control of matters in the ring, and he reoeived many spontaneous' tributes of applause from the audienoe, for his suooess in educating his horses. An old favourite—Mr. W. Jones —lent aid in this department.—The circus went to Newoastle on Friday.—A great feature of the circus on Thursday night was a grand acrobatic performance by the whole company, in which James Franois, and Morris, pupils of Ned Treroe, from Her Majesty's Theatre, did some wonderfnl baok and forward somersaults. PABBAMATTA AND DISTRICT TT.F.E., MBDICAL AND DISPENSING ISSCTTOTE The tegolar monthly meeting of the Board of Management of the Medical Institute waB held on Thursday evening last in tbe F. S. Hall. Mr. Mortimer resided, and there were present i Messrs E'ellow,- Bartlett, Cleatby, Firbsnk, Coates, Vivyen, Farqubar, Telfer, Diokson, Paul, Horley, Jones, O'Hara, Walker, Kirby, W, J, Aahby, A. Gazzard and J. Button, (Seoratary.j "Tbe minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Correspondence was received and deailt with r and acciriwte 'amounting to £26' 8s 1 Id were presented and passed for -paym'ent, the Exoontive having certified' to 'their correctness. The ^eportof tfieEicecutive was received and adopted. Tbe Dispenser reported that from Janutry 15th to February 14th (inclusive), 1705' prescriptions had been dispensed being an average of 65- per day, or a decrease of about 300 on (he number dispensed during the corresponding portion of the previous month. The Treasurer announced the credit balance at about £27 in addition to £50 which had bean deposited by the Trustees in the- Savings Bank of New South Wales. Apologies were received from Messrs P.Morgan, G-. Green way and A. Smith.- From-gay to grave, or rather to rowdiness, Wis tbe order of the da^r at a party held to celebrate a certain event in Parramatta North the other day. On Sunday last in Parramatta a- little hoy named Pitt, agtd three .years, fell and broke his leg. The limb was set by Dr. Bowman. Q,TTEEB8UIN> BELIEF FORD.—AB already announced in these columns, the Mayor convened a meeting of the ratepayers of Parramatta, to be held on Friday evening at the Town Hall, for the purpose of fninwfr steps to afford relief to the diutiusuufl in Queensland. Such arrangements had been made, as ought to ensure the success of the gathering.—Meanwhile, the movement initiated by St. John's Dorcas Society hae, BO for, been very successful, and a large number of ladies at different centres, as Mrs. W. Brown's, Mrs. Waugh's, Mrs, George Wickham's, Mrs. Brenan's, and elsewhere, are busy making and collecting garments. It is said that upwards of 50 ladies are actively engaged in this labour of love. Messrs. Murray Bros, have undertaken to pack and despatch tha goods to Queensland.—The Bev. J. Straugnen is to preach at the Panamatta Baptist Ohurch on Sunday merning, on "TheBrisbaneFlood." Thewbeleof the collection is, we understand, to go to the relief fund. TOWN V. COUNTRY,—CRICKET MATCH. —A team including seven or eight County men gave a visiting combination, from Hornsby, a day's leather-hunting exercise , 63, The match was arranged by E. J. Clarke, whose idea in getting up these matches, is to give the members of different country CIUDS opportunities of proving their value to their county. When the boys from "way back" facelredale and the old veterans, with Wnlford at their head, they find that playing, even on a " billiard-table," is not all beer and skittles. Stall, such matches are enjoyable to cricketers, and to all lovers of cricket who can get awav to look at them,—beyond the telling; and Mr. Clarke deserves:a word of thanks for what he has done already, and another word of encouragement in respect of future such games. It is when matches like these are on the tapis, that we see the advantage of having in our district such a well-kept oval as that in the charge of care-taker Andrews. MYSTERIOUS ASSAULT.—A man, whose identity is as yet unknown, made an attack of a queer kind upon two women in Clifford-street on Saturday night last. The two women were passing near the corner of Factory-street, when the man above referred to jumped out from behind a fence and tried to wrest a handbag - from one of the couple. The other woman tackled their assailant, who found that he was not likely to succeed in obtaining the bag, and further that if he delayed very long the cries for help which the women had by that time commenced to raise, would most certainly bring the hands of other defenders about his ears. After half- choking one of the women, for her resistance, the rascal de- A THOUGHTFUL DONATION. —Two large baskets of fruit and vegetables weighing 190 lbs were received from the Castle Bill Harvest Festival, at tbe Maoquarie - street Asylum, which the inmates much enjoyed. They desire to express their very sincere thanks for the gift to the Rev. J. Hargrave and all concerned. AN IMPBOVEMENT.—A marked improvement has lately taken place in regard to tbe street corner nuisance. Time was, when at certain intersections of streets in the borough the genus larrikin used to congregate and annoy by foul gestures or impudent address respectable women as they passed by. The police arc exercising an untiring vigilance in the matter aiid this standing reproach has largely disappeared from our footpaths. FBCIT EXPORT—From Mr. C. B. Caimes (pre sident of tbe Fruitgrowers Union o[ N.S,W.) we learned this week that a consignment of 3" cases of passion fruit had been sent to London per the steamship Britannia. • The fruit waa sent to England, on behalf of Messrs E. Fuller, M*Alister, and C. Gibbs. - To DARKEN GREY HAIR.—Lockyer Sulphur Hair Restorer is the quickest, best, safest; costs less, effects more than any other. The colour produced is most natural. Lockyer's Sulphur is the only English Hair Restorer universally sold. Tbe general public do not know that half a case of fruit can easily be purchased at 6d and 9d at the Friday sales. 