> i. , a -t i i> "WESLEY AN ' CHURCH, WAN- 7, DILIGONG! ' \--'The Bfifteenthb; anniversary-? of - the above: church':wa,s > celebrated''on Sun- day.» :;-Three t sermons; . were preached morning;- afternoon and: evening — by the Rev.' L: Tait,! the' hcwly-appointed minister, "!-':Tlie "services -were well at- tended.tOn:Tuesday.\" the"- tea- meeting was i-held "in- the - school room', and des-r pite : the 'inclement 'weather1- a: good; number .'.were- present;. - '-Tlie'-i tables were nicely;decorated,' and showed that skill and attention had been' paid them by the lady members of the 1 congre gation. cTlie following ladies, viz. Mrs 'Symes.and Misses 1 Gillard'-'(2), Grenness (2); ' Gregory, White, Snell and Carhle ad ministered : to : tlie wants of those present," carrying out 'their duties in a pleasant: and1 able? manner. The cateringnvas in the-hands of Mrs Sharp, of Bright, who; contributed in' no ; small degree1 to the success of the gathering. After the 'tea' a 'public meeting was held, Mr W;-H." Clarke nnnnnvinnr fcViA whn in n. fftiv ji,n- v. >w J ' "f propriate- remarks thanked the trustees for the honor conferred upon him; and then called upon the choir to sing the- anthem entitled " Every word of God is pure,"; which - was ably rendered. The secretary; Mr: Cross, read : the report ,and: balance-sheet- for the past year, which -showed :the receipts1 to have been £36 ,9s Sd and the axpendi- hnrA. j£30 :7s 1H - lAiivin<y, n. -nrp.fliti — i ---Q -- , . balance of £6 2s 7d. The present debt on the church amounted to £402. The chairman, in referring to the report and balance-sheet, said; the position of the church was fairly satisfactory, but they must all make a united effort to wipe off the debt. They should have a week of self-denial, and each member con tribute the sum of £1 per year. By so doing- they- would soon: be- able to throw off the burden that they were at present labouring under. The choir then sang the anthem, " Come thou Fount," aud the Wandiligong Brass Band played a selection, both being rendered in a finished style. Mr W. 1:1. Gillard next addressed the mee ing He said lie had been taken by surprise. He was going shooting, and hoped that all present would go with him. He would take the chairmaii as his first, mark. 'Mr Gillard said a movement was on foot to close the Sunday School in the, morning on account of no teachers attending. The Sundav-school was the grandest institution in the world, and he thought it would be a burning shame if such a thing were to happen. He appealed to the young people present not to allow such a thing to occur. The congregation should be converted to Christ. There would then be a different state of things, and they would then be able to fulfil the task set before them, and bet ter days would dawn. (Applause). The collection was taken up; during which the band played a selection, and the choir sang " Oh that my load of sin were gone," very nicely. Tlie Rev. L. Tait. said it afforded him great pleasure to be present with them He would like to say a few words in connection with the balance- sheet. Referring to an item of £402, the speaker thought they should all make a united effort to pay the amount. The rev. gentleman said he would tell them about the need of the church. As far as tbe building was concerned, ig JooKeu wen; ouo cney wanDeri cne universal Church of Christ, which in cluded all denominations. He did not think they wanted a new creed. What they required was more earnest ness in the church. He would like to see the different denominations more united. In conclusion, Mr Tait urged those present to be more earnest in the year just entered upon, and, like the apostles of old, go forth filled with the power of the Holy Ghost. The band played a selection, and the choir sang the anthem, " Canaan." ; Mr T. Kaighin moved -a vote of thanks to the ladies, band, choir, and the speakers who had assisted to make . the ; an niversary a success, and Mr E. Clarke seconded the motion. The Rev. L. Tait moved a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was carried with- ac clamation. ... The : band then played, " God be with you till we meet again," and, the benediction being pronounced, the proceedings terminated. ' ' 