AMUSEMENTS. THEATK8S AOYAL. ATR KENTI.RVS HAMLET. In the sombre procession of Hamlets on the Adelaide fctage, stretching bucx in the per spective of the dramatic past to thu days when Shuksceare did not alwuv- sutll ruin to ttiw theatrical -Mr.na^erhere, we lino a tew uutincu figures breaking tte general monotony of tbis line* of Shaktspeariau actors. Ir«land'3 Prince of Denmark was of the nervous, enargetio order ; Haj-uer's was self- restrained, mere acceptable to tlie dress-circle than to ithe gallery: Moutgomery'3 proved a classical character, stripped of conventional tragedy, exquisite y finished aud vividly portrayed, a Hamlet to remember as a starting poms for comparison ; -Herr Bandmann's ver sion was Germanic and deep in tone ; Fairclcvjgh's was a very aabtle study, resemb ling Montgomery's in a measure in its strong feeling and artistic treatment ; the gallant, accomplished Prince Hamlet of Charles Warner had for it? keynote the presumption that there was method in his madness ; he was a living figure in a group of puppets as far as the scheme was concerned ; Mr. Miln when he was here gave ua a robust, well-kait, good jiroportioned Hamlet, better in action than in soliloquy, lacking in firo and feeling, but inspiring respect in many points. Mr. Walter Bentley's treatment of this many-featured character — thia psychological paradox — is exactly whiit one would eipsct from aa actor of great natural ability, clear brain, and patient, persevering disposition who has studied under Irving. Like Montgomery and Fairclougb, the two greatest exponents of tha part we have had here, Mr. Bsntley is happily free froin mannerism :md staginess, except some little tricks of speech whicn can hardly come within the category. Hia walk is natural, his bearing maulv, and his by-play full of delicate details so cleverly contrived that only the keenest observer can consider them studied. But we are anticipating. Let us speak of his reception on Saturday night and then deal with his doings. It ia with a feeling of positive strangeness that we record the fact that the popular parts of tho housn were filled to overflowing — indeed people were turned away from the gallery at half-past 7. This sounds curious after the experience of thD past year. The dress - circle did noc respond so well, but its occupants were the critical and the studious, many of the faces being those moss often seen when the legitimate drama holds the boards. When the new tragedian appeared he was greeted a3 warmly as he could have wished, and as he pro ceeded to unfold by word and action his plan of Hamlet's inner nature t&u; house followed with keen interest, and called him forth' on curtain-fall at every interval. The develop ment of that sore distraction with which the heir to Denmark's throne is punished was care fully and conscientiously wrousht to the tragic finish, but it strikes us that tho courteom quality of Hamlet's noble nature is hardly so graciously expressed as we have aeen it done, for Hamlet is essentially a gallant gentleman, versed in all the manly sports, accomplishments, and ceremonious duties of the time, and courtesy sits well on him when tho call is made. Perhap3 Mr. Bt ntley, wishing to accentuate the grief and morbid toii9 of Hamlet's temper, purposely makes turn cold in his welcome of his guests and in his commands for their proper disposal. In some versions Hamlet throws off his morbid air and becomes the stately courtly prince, thus showing by strong contrast the darkness of his moodiness when the fit is on him, acd the complexity of hia character as a whole. Mr. Bentiey, however, may see a subtler mean ing in the phrase: — 'Come then: tha appur tenance of welcome is fashion and ceremony: let me comply with you in this garb, lest my extent to the players, which I tell you must show fairly outward, should more appear like entertainment than yours.' We do not suggest for a moment that the actor entirely overlooked th« refinement of Hamlet — in tone, air, and thought expressed there stcod before the house a man of princely mien, born and bred in a Court, with all such ad v.intages that hi3 exaltedj position could give him, a student, a cavalier, and one of nature's noblerof n. That was all apparent ; it was ab straction and the lack of wairnth when custom called for feeling that seemed to mar, though slightly, an otherwise admirable deportment. This was noticeable even in the close associa tion with Horatio. The intellectuality of Hamlet is one of Mr. Bentley's trump cards. He plays upon the sensitive strings of his hero's 'uorLid mind with the tender touch of one who knows tho delicate instrument well. Many will apree with us that the finest piece of acting in the whole absorbing performance wns in his treatment of Ophelia. . There was so ninch of tenderness without passion and uervous ogony without fierceness, which c*ave double signifieanca to Ophelia's heart-broken, pathetic cry — 0 w hat a noble rr.ind is here o'erthrown ! The couriierV, so.dier's, scholar's eye, ta:i^ae, swotU; The expectancy and rose of the fair state, The glass of fashion and the mould of form. It was indeed a shuddering sight to see That noble and most sovereign reason, Like sweet bells janjjed out of tune aud harsh. And this scene was made the more impressive by thu attitude and tone of the distraught Prince in the delivery of the famous soliloquy ;'To be or not to be,' which immediately precedes this painful, powerfully poar trayed interview. Mr. Bentiey was self restramed in the trying scene with his royal mother, and did not behava with the almost frantic violence some actors assume. Indeed much of the same chivalry which was interwoven with his wild words in doaling with Ophelia appeared to serve him in the ordeal with the Qaeen, despite the horror and disgust which jarred the tine, highly strung oiuews of his lofty mind. Bus wo might cover pages ii». analyzing Mr. Bentley's diagnosis of Haii-I-Jt's mental constitution. The public had beit- ;? see and study it for themselves, and they \v5'l not be disappointed. Aa we have already 'Heated, his demeanour is manly and noble.l - locution artistic, and his sty te marked by sue:. - riginality as is left to the impersonator of th«j wayward Prince. It is noticeable that he u- as the version ' a hawk from a handsaw,' in trpad of ' a hawk from a hcrnshaw,' which Fairi-lough favoured a.3 be.ing more classical. Mr. Bentiey does not seek the aid of materiil paintings in the scene where he compares the two kings, and considering that more often than not the Roj-al lineaments are not flatter ingly depicted by the theatrical artist it is just us well to leave them to the imagination as he does, although we do not quite liko the action of pointing upward and downward in sub stitution. We cannot congratulate him upon the get-up of Hamlet's noble father's ghest. That stately spectre came on in armour clad of course, but ateo covered from head to foot in somo gauzy material which made him ridiculously resemble an Afghan on a camel-track. Moreover, he was so near the footlights that one could see the chalky artificial bleaching of his beard, and when, afterwards, he backed down the steps from the rear he displayed an anxiety about niK precarious footing that ill becomes an im palpable form with silent footfall and a capacity for resolving itself into nothing. Tne best ghost scene we have ever had at the Theatre lioyal was where a portion of the palace wall become luminous aud disclosed the apparition, who then made his slow and shadowier march- On Saturday nighp Mr. StoneiiatiTs style of ghost did not excite our awe. Mr. I]. B. Russell made a conventional Claudius, and wore his robes and crown at Ophelia's funeraL Miss Kate Bishop made a comely Gertrude, but was not particu larly strong in the scene with her stern, dis tracted, upbraiding son. We have little else but praise for Miss Marie 1'raser's Ophelia It was pentle, maidenly, and graceful, without self - consciousness, the main defect beinsr a peculiarity in enunciation. She has what actre-ses value- highly— a singularly flexible, pliant tiaure — and her movements were easy and natural. The mad scene was touchingly worked out. As for Ophelia's venerable father, Polonins, he had better justice done him bv Mr. L MacGowan than usually falls to his lot, for that gentleman presented him as a dignified though of course garrulous old man. who«e demeanour suggested that he had reached the rank of Lord Chamberlain by pond ssrvi3e Polonius is often made a doddering old gabbler, but he apppared in a better guise on Saturday night, and his advice to hia son was given in the authoritative but kindly parental manner of a grey -bearded man of 'the world, who knew it? ways and \vil«s. The wayward Hamlet treated him with less of the contempt than usually falls to his lot when actors of less judgment than Mr. Bentiey chaff him in the classic terms of the text. The graveclisrjrinsr scene was not so well carried out as ic has been here in Adelaide, but the house relifrhed the grim wit of the old earthworm and his companion well enough. Of the rest of the cast we rauat take occasion to :? peak another time. It was as follows — ' Laertes. Mr. H. R. Roberts: Horatio. Mr. 1 H. Hill: liosencrantx, Mr. M. Majeroni (a son j of the lat« deeply dsplorec! Majeroni, bythe j way) ; Guildenstern. Mr. A. M. Seaton : Mar I cellus, Mr. H. Lockton : Bernardo. Mr. C. j Wakefield ; players. Messrs. Fordham and '? Grant ; priest, Mr. G. Hughes; Osric, Miss V. ? \ivienne ; actress. Miss Ina Laurence : page, . Miss R. Asiin. The dresses were handsome ' and appropriate, and the scenery does not need much comment. Mr. Bentiey a costume was composed of the usual rich and sombre habili ments of woe associated with HamleS, rplieved by a little white facing to the collar, which was very effective, i There is rojm for some small unprovemenS in I tbe general performauce in certain directions — ! for instance, we do not like the omission ! of the flute episode — but as for Mr. ; Bentley's impersonation itself hia version ! is highly acceptable — a graphic picture of ? intense conflicting emotions in whirh the .' subject never loses watchfulness. Indeed, that is what strikes ua forcibly about Mr. bentley's style, his Hamlet is alert and ket-n with a s'uspiciousces.i which has nothing commonplace or su^esDive °^ a madman's cucning about it. When his VHjjue suspectins is approaching certaiucy there is an in describable restlessntss aud enquiry about his brilliant eye3. The pare tragedy bujkin fits him well without a doubt. That the house likeci his acting was proved by the enthusiastic method of thu final call, compelling Mr. Btntley and his company to bow f jr some m-uutes bentath the hurricane of applause. 'Hamlet' will bs repeated to-night. 