ROLF B0LDREW00D ON AUSTRA- LIAN LITERATURE. The following paper by Mr. T. A. Browne (Bolfe Boldrewood) on " Heralds of Australian Literature " appears in the " transactions " of the Australian Association for the Advancement of Science :—Commencing with the best intentions, I fear that the task may prove overweighty for my powers of descriptive analysis. Australia 1 birthplace of my soul, more loved than even my native land, thee and thine I claim to know 1 But literature 1 Mighty word 1 Vast and ancient kingdom 1 How shall I essay to explore thy boundless realms, thy dim and awful recesses, thy sacred fanes ? The simple expedient resorted to by Count Smorltork, of immortal memory, occurs to me. I look out Australia and Literature in the Encyclopxdia Britannica, and combine the information. A difficulty, speaking more jBfilipusly, under which colonists have, at all tlilme's laboured, is to insert the idea into the Britlsli'niftld that their kinsfolk, their own flesh and'blobd, even though transplanted to ^jtyeqr land,] and living under somewhat iattered conditions, are really not essentially different :ir6m their august European relations^ 'Bdlum non animum mutant, qui trans \nhki 1 c&frunt; was said of old by a keen observer of human nature, but English critics will have it that we have necessarily " suffered a sea change into something rich and strange," or otherwise. They will believe anything but that their " kin beyond sea " have remained much the same Anglo- Saxons, Scots, and Hibernians that they were before they quitted Britain's shores. Nor will they believe that there can be diversity of mind, body, or estate " among colonists. Still less, that there can be any unwholesome leaning towards the arts and sciences, suitable, even desirable, as such might be in old world communities. No 1 every well-instructed English person knows that the daily duty of all colonists, without respect of persons, is to chop down the vast foreBts in which they dwell, to contend with the bushrangers and Ibdians, by whom they are naturally surrounded, to wage ceaseless war with the vast sources of nature —the~wild beasts and yet wilder tribes of men among whioh their secluded existence has been cast. To think of such people groping blindly after the poet's frenzy, the scholar's triumph, the philosopher's deep dream was altogether too ludicrous. The prevailing sentiment was tersely, if not inelegantly, expressed in the English minister'^ historical answer to the Virginian planter complaining of some fancied injustice. " D n your souls 1 Grow tobacco 1" That summed up " the whole duty of man," of colonial man. Where did, where could literature " come in," to use the dramatic idiom, of the day ? , . ngeasitmay appear to the un travelled Briton, literature has "come in," gum trees; bushrangers, droughts, and dingoes notwith-. standing, very early period in the history of A'U6traJia'.( ,The brooding mind of . the 'poet, the ^fuick ipSight of the romancer, the analyticatbrainipf -the essayist, tae>k?'en toemory^f itbe historian, the wider pirseveranoe of thB > feearijhe^ for scientific wealth haye not been unrepresented among the earth ,6ubduers \ylioni the swarming hives of the old worlcfcafet fbrth'on the void, pale wastes of the n6W.' Slowly, graduaUy, but distinct in form and hue, they arose, the sons of art and song, amid the din of march and camp, though standing, perhaps, somewhat aloof from the multitude of loftier stature and more august mien. And who were they, in the dark, dreary days of a lonely outpost, so far across the restless main, when the fringe of arable land painfully won from the primeval forest yielded but a meagre subsistence to the deported labourers and their taskmakers? First, in a sense foremost in every department of effort to which he addressed a grand intellect and a vigorous organisation, looms the majestic form of William Charles Wentworth. An Australian of Australians he 1 Pfoud of his oofonial birth, his colonial possessions, and that colonial greatness whioh his prophetic poet soul had foreshadowed in; this diminished son of soil, we may, perhaps, f without undue tendency to gasconade, discern that complete development of the individual whioh the conflicts of a colonial arena tend to produce. Poet apd flt&tepman;, advocate and patriot, explorer and paBtoraJist, in every occupation he was', in his own land, an acknowledge^ ana.v qjijlrori. . B.ojrh at'Norfolk -Island, a dependents^ of-3Sew South' Wales, where his father, Mr. D&'rcy Wentworth, was Imperial surgqpp, he sent to ^England at the age of sevep for,bis Education. He returned to the colony in J.813, Scarcely arrived ait manhood,' Tiis.'ardirit' soul found fitting -vent. in the'iistbiic^ T exploration -of the transmontane" regtonT j until then a terra, incognita. ,With his heroic companions, Lieiiten&nt; Law- _ p son and - Mi. Gregory Blaxland, lie" dared the dangers of the unkn'own waste ; with them returned .. shoeless, - stprying, . but successful. Threading the " horrible, hopeless, sultry dells" which lie between Katoomba and the 'boundless levels of the interior, they had disoovered; a traok • over barriers long regarded as impassable. Along this mountain highway passed, in annual procession, the long-imprisoned Hooks and herds to a region where they could increase and multiply anohecked, where the numbers to-day exceed sixty millions of sheep, and more than ten millions of cattle and horses. Having won his spurs, and fully approved his manhood in. solving the riddle of the Desert Sphinx, Wentworth returned, to England in 1816, and recommenoed the literary course {[which he never wholly abandoned. He matrioulated at Cambridge, where he ' j spent several years. In 1819 be published " A Statistical, Historical, and Political Description of the Colony of New South WaleB." In 1824 a third edition was requested. We may well believe in the utility of this work in dispelling the ignorance which then prevailed in England,and (may we add?) still prevails to a certain extent with respect to matters Australian. While a student at Cambridge he competed for the Chancellor's prize poem on " Australia." He was second among 25 competitors, but the prize was awarded to Mackworth Praed, afterwards a member of the House of Commons. Praed's poem is an elegant specimen of versification, but patently inferior in poetic force and nobility of treatment to that of the Australian, whose descriptive passages were drawn from knowledge and experience and whose ardent patriotism inspired him with the prevision of the Seer. The poem to which the Cambridge authorities awarded the prize might have been written by any student. It AOWB musically, like the brook murmuring along the meadows of an idyllic old world landscape. The other, faultless in cadence and rhythm, rolls majestically onward, bearing argosies of thought and claBsie treasure on its ocean billows, resonatit with the rhythm of the southern main, heaving and seething unceasingly through the towering headlands of the great haven of the south. Rarely have the gpdk grat^fl the same man to be at onog ;the daring explorer and the poet painter of the heroic past. Yet, this is one of WentworthV exceptional achievements, apostrophising the' Southern Alpine Chain, the "Blue Mountains " of the colonist:— Hail mighty ridge, that from thy azure brow Surrey'at these fertile plains that stretch below, Aud looks't with careless, unobservant eye As round thy waste the forked lightnings ply, And the loud thunders spring with hoarse rebound From peak to peak aud fill the welkin round With deafening voice, till, with their boisterous play Fatigued, in muttering peals they steal away; Parent of this deep stream, this awful flood That at thy feet its tributary mud, Like the famed Indian or Egyptian tide, Both pay, but direful scatters woe beside— Vast Austral Giant of these rugged steeps, Within whose secret cells rich glittering heaps Thick-piled arc doomed to sleep, till someone spy The hidden key that opes the treasury: How mute, how desolate thy stunted woods, How dread thy chasms where the eagle broods, How dark thy caves, how lone thy torrents' roar As down thy cliffs precipitous they pour, Broke on our hearts when first with venturous tread We dareil to rouse thee from thy mountain bed, Till, gained with toilsome step thy rocky heath, We spied the cheering smoke ascend beneath, And, as a meteor shoots across the night, The boundless campaign burst upon our sight. Till nearer seen, the beauteous landscape grew, Opening like Canaan 011 rapt Israel's view. In 1865 there died in Bathurst, in the 37th year of his age, one of the most brilliant men in the British dominions, a marvellous writer and speaker, a politician of great foresight. Truly an ill-fated son of genius, destined, like many of the sons of Bong, to perish in " loneliness, want, and pain." He, like his friend and countryman DaJley, was an omnivorouB reader, having in his more prosperous days at his house at Woolloomooloo a choice and extensive library, containing rare editions and choice collections of the works of Latin and Greek classics, as well as of the best French and Italian authors, rich also in English poetry,, polemics, history, and the drama. Wide his literary excursions, faultless in memory and quotation, brilliant in ex4cta-' tion, popular, patriotic, accredited! Why should Buch a man fail ? "Why perish in\is prime? Alas! v , The name of Sir James Martin, late Chief}- Justice of New South Wales, is one which could not be passed over in any record of the literary personages of the day. This remarkable man was not born in Australia, but as e was brought to Sydney in his infancy, here received the whole pf his education, Dd never quitted it afterwards, he may be regarded to all intents and purposes as an ustralian. In common with Sir John obertson, William Forster, Deniehy, and ther men of mark, he. received the more mportant part of his. education at the Sydney rammar School, then known as the Sydney ollege, and under tha head mastership of Mr. T. W. Cape, the Arnold of New South ales. We find him there soon after 1834. e commenced his practice of the legal proession, 1 of which he was destined to beome so distinguished an ornament, in 1845. e contributed to the Atlas and Empire newspapers. In the year 1848 he began his olitical career, and was elected to represent ork and Westmoreland. In 1856 he .was ppointed Attorney-General in the Adminisration of Mr., afterwards Sir, .Charles o.wper. He catne • into office as Premier in 1863, and in'187? he retirfed from partianent, and was- ap£ointed'(3hief Justice of'the upreme Court.of New South Wales, whioh' position he occupied uitilhis death. His style p writing was not unlike that of his oratory -plear, ..concise,, and effective. A Bound lassic, a good mathematician, a ready and owerful debater, there is little doubt, had not his absorption in politics denied him iterary leisure, that his writings would have furnished for him an enduring monument. A master of our Anglo-Saxon tongue, whether written or spoken, in purity of diction, in force, in the wide grasp of great subjects, no ?" 1 °f bis day excelled him. In his manysided literary career he made various tentaive efforts, comic, dramatic, prose, verse, fiction ; but the absorbing labours of political Iijfe1 left no leisure for purely literary effort. But few, if any, of these fragments are, I ancy,.preserved. One of them, a serial in imitation of the early numbers of Pickwick, Was an exceedingly olever production of its kind, more particularly as the work of a schoolboy. I may be pardoned for having named primarily those writers who, either by birth or rearing, were conneoted with New South Wes. But it will be seen that the children of the mother colony must necessarily, in order of seniority, take precedence of those of Tasmania, New Zealand, and Victoria. In Sydney my boyhood's days were passed, and the men whom I have mentioned were-personally known to me, the majority, indeed, being schoolmates; the dateB given will prove how short a time elapsed after the dreary, and in some respectB discouraging, foundation of the colony before the irrepressible emanations from the sons of song commenced to irradiate the primeval forests. If I dwell upon this circumstance, it is for the purpose of repeating the proposition that, given the ordinary environments of civilisation, any British community will exhibit the same personal differentiation of type, and evolve the same average of intellectual development. Of a later day than those last mentioned came Henry Clarence Kendall, a true-born Australian, the child of the southern sea-woods, intensely patriotic in feeling, and permeated with every poetic sentiment which an ardent imagination evolved from that " waste land where no one comes or hath come since the making of the world." He displays in his poems, perhaps, more of the characteristic flavour of Outre Mer^han any other writer. To him was •(gtt&pfc.interpret; the whispers of the rills trickling' through the fern-shaded glens of Orara, |o behold the dread shape of the /'Wejrer jS^iite of Famine" who I.' Sjts all the year time through Beyond theiainless Barwou, beyond the red Barcoo, Hp'it -was who listened in the summer midnight, under the burning stars of the South, to the sad strange murmur of the forest oak, who mourned, weeping, in the deep despair of the poet's heart—a broken heart I " for that lost chord, that vanished dream, the song I cannot sing." Ere a few short years had passed, alas, " the lyre was broken, the minstrel gone 1" Taking a chronological view of early Australian writers, we may, for convenience sake, claBS them as the pre-auriferous section. They arose when Australia was strictly pastoral or agricultural, before the wondrous golden era, which was to change a colony into a nation, and to proclaim to the world ' a trans-Pacific treasure-house of boundless wealth. This division is of importance, inasmuch as among the'thronging thousands of adventurers who crossed the main, and dared the dangers of an unknown land, and a population presumably lawless, were four men whose names are, in consequence of their literary work inspired of Australian conditions, known wherever the English language is spoken. Irefer to Henry Eingsley, Marcus Clarke, Brunton Stephens, and Adam Lindsay Gordon. The golden lure attracted these strong spirits. They came to dig, they remained to write. An ironic'fate refused them the treasure so bountifully bestowed upon the labourer, the idler, even the criminal in the great gold lottery. Fortunately for us—for all posterity hard neces • sity compelled them to transmute the undreamed of mental riches into permanent and negotiable wealth. And the individual withers, And the world is moire alid moi e, was literally faithfully exemplified in the case of three but gf four of the gifted quarette. Eingsley. sleeps with his great kinsman in the old home^of his race, which they b&th; toad/S^Jovyjgty painted; but above Clarke's anft ; (JordjaA'a' graveB bloom the wild owers of that far,$oi/th land, in which they, (Jpubtless, coqS^ebfly trusted to gather easily wotf .wealth) to quit with but scant regret: Tcfeach was it denied One day to stand by the grey old grange While the children would gather all shy and strange As he entered the well-known door. Still, as long as Australians forget not the language of their forefathers, as long as Miiton and Shakspeare are among the echoes of a bygone glorious day,BO long will the memory of these men be left green amid Australian wastes by wood and wold. While the stock are slowly stringing Aud ' Olaucy rides behind them singing,' be sure that " How we Beat the Favourite," "TheLay of Britomarte," " The Bide fron* the Wreck," or " The Sick Stockrider " will be among the chants. Long years will pass before mora critical students will cease to measure the foroe and Jbeauty of certain verses of the "Bhyme of Joyous -Guard" with the Arthurian balladB of England's greatest poet. And from generation; to generation, so long as in tale or in tradition lives the sombre legend of "the historic prison-house of Port Arthur, so long as the storm waves of the moaning main beat against the rock walls of , the Isle of the I)ead,' Tasmania will shudder over the horrors of those mouldoringdungeons, and pilgrims 'mourn over the' hapless fate of Bufus Dawes as they read- that - terribly relentless lurid record, His Natural Life. . . Mr. John Lang (not related to the distinguished clergyman of that name) was one of the Sydney Grammar School pupils > as far back as 1834. At an early age he began to exhibit exceptional ability. He was fortunate in being able to go " home " (long may it be ere this' good old synonym for Britain be discarded by Australians) and to. bB entered at an English university. There he took hiB degree, was admitted to the bar, and returned to Sydney with the intention of entering thepolitioal arena under the aagis of Mr. Wentworth. After a short experience his deoided to try his fortune at the Indian bar. An admirable linguist and admittedly brilliant advooate, he there acquired both fame and fortune, more than one of the letter it is said, but unfortunately jdispersed almost as soon as made. He was connected at the time with one of the leading newspapers {The Englishman). He amused his leisure by writing novels, and a volume of sketches called Wanderings in India. This last is not out Q{ print; but I well remember several of the sketches. It resembles, in originality and picturesque effect, nothing so much, in my opinion, as those wonderful creations of the grandest artist Of to-day in that school of design, the splendidly meteoric Budyard Kipling. His more completed productions, " The Ex-wife," " York, You're Wanted," " Will Ha Marry Her ?" and others, were in their day highly successful, being admirably true to the state of society which they purposed to describe. These all dealt with the men and manners of our Eastern Empire. But in his most popular novel, "The Forger's Wife," the scene is laid in Sydney in the old, old days of transportation. It is a powerful, if occasionally painful, book. It sells even novr in all the colonies and in England by the thousand, and, as is not uncommon in the history of authors and their best productions, no relative of the late Mr. Lang has beneficial interests in the copyright. The Hon. William Forster, ex-Agent- General for New South Wales, though to all intents and purposes an Australian, was„ope o£ those Englishmen who in their infancy came to Australia. Like his great / contem<porary, Wentworth, he was th/^oh " of an Irish army surgeon, belonging' <ja 1 mother's side to a race on .'lfentl squires. He adopted the faShfOtjable pastoral profession on attaining m&hhibcd;, and had his share of the dangers offeW Wilderness, though such were his strong literary proclivities, combined with so combative and critical a bent, that no circumstances would have estopped him from intellectual conflict. His earlier literary efforts were directed against the ruling policy of the day, and a jcu d'esprit published in the Atlas newspaper entitled " The Devil and the Governor," is still remembered. Another satire, "The Genie and the Ghost," followed. In a later day he wrote poems, which, though of high order, were hardly calculated to suit the popular taste. He deserted the domain of poetry in his later years for the more absorbing triumphs of party politics, where he obtained full recognition, alike by friend and foe, as— I11 close fights a champion firm, 111 camps a, leader sage. 01 unchallenged integrity, of exact and pitiless logic, faultless in diction, elegant in versification, the name of Williaim Forster, as author and critic, will always be associated with the literary movement of his day; while his steadfast adherence to principle, his stubborn championship of abstract justice in every form, public or private, should serve as an examplar and beacon-light to latter-day politicians. William Bade Dalley was born in Sydney in 1831. He was chiefly, indeed almost entirely, educated at the Grammar School,' then known as the Sydney College. ' I shall( always consider Dalley, whom I had the honour of knowing intimately, one of the most surprising instances of the uprising of genius amid circumstances not particularly favourable which this century has produced. _ Like Carlyle, his parents were of humble birth and station, neither having any pronounced tendency to wards the pursuits in which their gifted son was destined so prominently to excel. Wonderful indeed must have been the natural capacity from which the sound, but not exceptional, method of education which he received produced such astonishing rosults. As an orator, a poet, an essayist, a debater, a succcs de salon, he was indeed almost unequalled; as a barrister he took high rank. Poetical and imaginative, he yet filled the high office of Attorney- General without failure of the good sense and practical knowledge in which the sons of genius are held to be deficient. The most charming of conversationalists, with a winning manner, refined, persuasive, delicately deferential, dignified tiy turns, there was no society, European or Australian, of which he was not fitted to be a distinguished member. His range of reading : was' widely comprehensive, his memory accurate and tenacious. He was an exceptionally good linguist, as well as an advanced classical scholar. As a Minister he will always be remembered in association-with the memorable Soudan expedition, through which, for the first time, Australia was enabled to repay in kind a portion of the lavish expenditure by which our infant nation had been fostered by their august motherland. Daniel Henry Dehiehy was another of the brilliant coruscations fated to arise amid the sombre atmosphere of colonial life.. Born in Sydney in 1828, he was fortunate, after having commenoed his studies under a master who was a remarkable linguist, in continuing them at the Sydney College, then, as afterwards, famous for the imparting of a sound olassioal education. Unlike the majority'of. classical students, he still pursued.', his French and Italian studies, reading tender his first teacher, Mr. Johnson. ( -Af tHe; age of 15 he was taken Vby .,. his parents to England, with the view of, entering the University of Oxford.. But,/ior certain reasons, he was left in charge of a tutor. _ He found time and opportunity to visit his Irish relative. It was the eventful year of 1818, when, as was natural, he fell in with members of the Young Ireland party, with whom he ever afterwards sympathised. On his return to Sydney he adppted the profession of a solicitor, and was articled to that modern Maecenas, ; Mr. N. D. Stenhouse, the ever-generous patron of men of letters. Of course he became a contributor to the newspapers of the day. His sketches at once attracted attention from their unusual vigour and originality. Daring the winter of 1853 he delivered a series of lectures on " Modern Literature " in the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts. He was a brilliant speaker, and more than one of his speeohes has been quoted as evidencing remarkable ora- torical , power combined with political insight. He was shortly afterwards returned to Parliament for Argyle, and in 1858 for West Macquarie. At the passing of the Electoral Beform Bill be withdrew from public life. In 1860 he beoama one of the proprietors o£ the Southern Cross, to which he contributed a number of essays and reviewB on leading litterateurs. His eBsay on De Quincey has always been considered a masterpiece of appreciative examination. In 1863 he went to Melbourne, where for nearly two years he conducted the Victorian, _ a political journal of decided polioy. Like other promising ventures, the management was inferior to the literarytalent. It failed, ruining the hopes and career of Denieby, the lamp of whose life appeared to expire with the fated journal. In Henry Kingsley's great novel," Geoffrey Hamlyn," all genuine and conscientious critics must recognise the first, the finest Australian work of fiction worthy of the Bubjeot—of the great, the heroic subject of Australasian Colonisation. It was not his only '(Htlftipti- In " Bavenshoe" we have a novel, jjfofefly drawn from English life, only inferior to those of the fraternal artist who produced Westward Ho," and " Hypatia." brijbtpn .Stephens is a poet pure and 'sii&ple.;'-' Few'if his prose writings have come beforelhypublic. Measuring him with his contemporary singers, Gordon and Ken4all (iiB must be acknowledged to be the most refined literary artist that Australia has ever inspired. His range is wide—from the exalted spirit soaring in the " Dark Companion " to the homely but irresistible comic sketches of " The Chinese Cook " and " To a Black Gin " and " Marsupial Bill." His forecast of "The Dominion of Australia" i ' has an exquisite delicacy of tone and treatment almost unequalled in poetic prophecy. For close connection with our national destiny, joined to a faultless harmony, the opening verses stand unrivalled. Brunton Stephens still lives to make good our boast of the possession of an Australian poet of the highest order, worthy of that niche in the Temple of Fame which, however exalted, we trust he may long delay to fill. May he enjoy the leisure to produce yet later works worthy of his fame, and long consecrate his muse to the sacred mysteries, viewless, save to the poet's eye, of the land of his adoption. And now I beg to humble myself in all sincerity and ask pardon of the fairer portion of my hearers for having so long delayed to make mention of the literary work, in quality and class not bolow that of the preceding names -referred-to, .performed by the women ojE'&iistr;'alia, ''Considering all things, it is not I perhaps -strange* bCtf it "is curiously coincident; that, addressing as % do a Tasmanian | ai/dietaW td-Aaj', '-it'shouttl Ibe made apparent that tb 'that -cdlony thq'wofcld owes the larger •fcijrVof . the authoresses that have gained Eurbppan reputation. •' For the most charming 'sketches 1 of * ctiuntry life that ever came from pen since the days of MisB Milford we are indebted to Mrs. Meredith—clarem et venerabile nomen—as well as the most lifelike artistic presentment of the plant life of her adopted land, interwoven with poems as delicately bright as the flowers they em- balmed. The second place in Tasmanian literary work must be given to the lady whose well-known nom de plume is "Tasma." Her works of fiction illustrate with fidelity the social life of Australia in a style of classical conception and finish hardly approached by any novelist of the day. It would be no extravagant laudation to refer to her aB the Australian " George Elliot." And, indeed, whether it be due to the unequalled climate and the charming scenery of your beautiful island, combined with more Arcadian conditions of life than obtain in Australasia, it is incontestable that the palm of female literary eminence must be awarded to Tasmania. For, in addition to the two names which I have first on the list, we have Mrs. Humphrey Ward, the authoress of that remarkable book, " Bobert Elsmere," which, whatever may be thought of its religious tendency, has been more widely read than any other novel of the day. The beauty of the style equals the absorbing interest of the story. Mrs. Ward was, I believe, born and chiefly educated in Tapmani^, and therefore may be fairly claimed, RB a Tasmanian authoress. Another distinguished dame, whose novels have received the hall-mark of Imperial approbation,: Mrs. Campbell Praed, may be placed amid the Tasmanian galaxy. Speaking of this lady's works, I may give it as my opinion that no woman ever thoroughly mastered the vernacular, the true significance, as vw,ell as the dramatic aspects, of the wilder pastoral .life, as she has done. She is far from thelantl-of,- fate* childhood now, and her experiences-have ljeen considerably expanded, ^ut.^'Bfili'^opnnues to please her readers at.;hbij*Qfcana:&tyoad.; Her reputation, like that of her .filter authoress " Tasma," is European.', -.o' ' And naw ib this " group of noble dames," all 'of' Tasmanian birth or nurture, another must be added. (Beally it seems to me that Section I, so far from being untimely slain by its cruel step-sister Science, ought to be retained, if only in the interests of the literary womanhood of Tasmania, so. preminent in the past, and destined, doubtless, or greater triumphs in the future.) I. must ot further delay to mention the name of ona Caird, the authoress of that truly rearkable article in a leading review, entitled IsMarriage a failure?"' I wonder if it ould come within the regulation of this ugust society to put the question to the eeting—highly representative assembly as t is. Would the "ayes" or the " noes " ave it ? A momentous question, truly ! It s needless to say, speaking as a Beneict of experience—of happy experience fht L i a m , n o . t m sympathy with 5 . a «tooress's views, though I may admire the force and logic with which she presents her arguments. Her novel, the Wing of Azrael," beginning in misery and enaing m suicide, is scarcely a pleasing contribution to literature, though none can deny us talent as a composition. Beverting to the marriage question—how fascinating it is, has been, and will be! I may venture to interpolate the information (this being the I !f ct ."??'' a ® m y predecessor has discovered, tnat if he had not been fortunate enough to nave been married the present speaker would never have had a book to his name, 1! 8 P robabl y would not have received tile honour of addressing you to-day. Not, indeed, that other Australian colonies have failed to produce Unas and Britomarts worthily pre-eminent in the battle of literary life. But when we consider that the distinguished lady of whom we first spoke commenced her literary career full half a century since, it seems patent that the place of honour should be accorded to her. Coming to later days, and another colony,' I feel confident that a large proportion' of my hearers are now reminded of v the works of the lady whose name in literature is '' Ada Cambridge.'' The right to stand in tlie front rank of Australian writers must always be readily granted to her. Her novels, written with clearness, accuracy of local colouring, and a method at once picturesque and conscientious, are no doubt familiar to most of you. Her poems, of which a small volume has been published, and which I regret not having with me today, have received the stamp of approval from high literary authorities among the reviewing magnates of Britain. In them will be found the deep thoughtfulnesB, occasionally of a sombre cast, the ardent aspirations, and the daring unconventional suggestiveness which marked tli6 writings of the great Bronte Bisters. Her minor pieces display an inborn love of nature, combined with unusual power of almost pre-Baphaelite description. The time would fail me were I to refer at greater length in this paper to ladies in other colonies who have added lustre to the diadem of Australian literature. The late Mrs. Heron, of New South Wales, whose works were always admirable in taste and execution, was, from circumstances, chiefly ephemeral, and thus is in danger of being lost to the readers of a succeeding generation. Mrs. Foote, of Queensland, whose pathetic ballad, "Whore the Pelican Builds Her Nest," has the true flavour of Australia Deserta— The horses were ready, the rails were dowu, But the riders lingered still; One had n word of farewell to say, The other liis pipe to fill It will always stir the hearts of the dwellers in the Waste, and in days to come, when | .such things are of the storied past, many an ' Australian maid will think sadly of the brave brothers lying dead beside their horses in the mysterious drought-stricken solitudes of the " Never Never Country." I must mention, too, the name of Mrs. Martin, of Adelaide, whose remarkable novel, "An Australian Girl," is well known in many an English home, and may serve to dispel the prejudices created by that ingeniously-venomous and spitefully-false production, " A Bride from the Bush." In conclusion, I shall merely record my conviction that from the rising talent of Australia worthy contributors to every department of literature may be confidently predicted. 