IRISH FATRIErS. Ghosts and goblins still live and rule in theimaginations of innumerable Irish men and women, and not merely in remote places, but close even to big cities. It is down West ward among the deep bays and inountain valleys of Sligo that I .have heard thliebest tales and found the most ardent belief. There, many a peasant dreams of growing rich byfinding a fairy's crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter trembles as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her.mind the names of men and I women carried off, as tradition will have it, I to the dim kingdoni. "Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was reportod to have been attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a farmer in the village of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at one great excitement hi the'neighbour-' hood, because it was rumoured that the fai ,rieshad tken her. A.villager' was said to have long struggled to hold her from them,' but at liist they prevailed, and he found no. thihg in his 'hand but a broomstick. The local constable was applied to, and he at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised the people to burn all the bucalauns (ragweed) on the field -she vanished from, because bucalauns are sacred to the fairies. They spent the whole night 'burning' them, the constable repeating spells'the while. In the morning the little girl was found, the story goes, wandering in the'field. She said the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding on a fairy horse. At last 'she saw a big river, snd the man who tried' to keep her from being car ried off was drifting down it-such are the _topsyturvydoms of' fairy glamour -in a 'cockleshell. .Brides and new-born hUildren are especially in danger.., Peasant mothers, tio, are sometimes carried off to nurse the. ?children of the fairiesi At the end' of seven ieats they have a chance of *eturning; and if ileh?edo'not secape then are alwa'ys priioners. A woman, said ktill'to be living, was taken from near a village called Ballisodaie, and. when she came home after'seven, years she had no taoes she had danced them of.-W; B. Yeafs, n theLesire Iouur. To bring a perison 133 miles on a debt. case and, then -'withdraw the -summonse says the 1Richdriond Guardiay, is not much satisfaction to the aggrieved party. A poor .vomnn .who earned her living as.a nurse answered to a summons at the local I court for a sum alleged to be due oi a ;sewing machine. But although she'had 'come all the way from Numurkah, a dis c 'tncu of 133 miles from. Melbourne, to: ifnswer the suninons, the case was with ' drawn. Notice of withdrawal of the pro I ceedings was posted, but as defendant was away 60 miles from Numurkah at thu time she did not receive it, and in fact only received the summons in just suffi cient time to hurry down to Melbourne. She ipformed the bench in tearful tones a that she had not a penny to take her r home again, and, much to the disgust of 't the other side, the bench granted her £2 2s. costs. The woman no doubt had a good defence, or the case would nothave a been withdrawn, and this should be a caution to persons not to issue summonses without being perfectly sure. of a good gaas~5. 