THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R..., Author of " 2Sa R. The Story of a Double Life." " The Mystcry of a Millionaire's Grave." etc. S ROSE DISCOVERS BIEE BOTBEB IN TEARS. BYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CAPTzens I. At D 1I--Winnio Blyth, a little lady, is wooed and won by Jack Roberts. a sailor, and after one moro voyage they were married and left for a long sail round the Cape for Ceylon. The purser of the vessel, Mr Frederick Wallard. a self-cufllieut lady killer, pays such attention to Mrs Roberts that Jack becomes furiously jealous, and at last just as Wallard is fixing his telescope to allow her to take a peep at some dolphins gambolling in the water, he places his arm round her waist presumably to steady her. 'Just at that moment Jack takes in the whole scene. He wrencehes Wallard's arm from her waist. and strikesher to the ground. With the expression "'coward and cad" on his lips Vallard struck at Roberts. The nexst moment both were struggling on the deck, Roberts beneath. Then there was an ugly flash of steel, and the porser sprang to his feet with his band to his side, and the red blood spurting through his fingers. Cnaprens eIl. Aso IV.-- After the ugly strucgle between Rloberts and Woavlanl, the former is put in trons, but both ultimately recover, and at WVmnie's suggeition, who nurses them both to health again, an apparent reconciliation took place. ~ child, Rose, is barn, and the love of the mother is all for her little one. Jack Robert e dovc'ops a deltish, jealous, cruel nature, and habitually ailtreats his wife. Time flis on, and after various vicissitudes Rose becomes a fine, beautiful girl. The motlher takes her to England, but there the child is stolen from her, and Mrs Roberts, poor and neglected, falls Again into Wallbrd's bands. CNAo'rsns V. i?D rAnT or V.I-Wallard endeavors to t?iko advantage of WVinnie's helplessness andshows her a eheque for £250 which shall be hers if she con sents to dine with him. ie threw the cheque-bonok carelessly intothe drawer. She, for the sake of her child, wihom she learns is with Roberts in Ceylon, consents to visit him. Ieuring the evening she drugs his wine, removes the cheque, and escapes. Next day she leaves for Iudia, but previousl'" writes a penitent letter to Wallard. CHAPTER VI. (Corc',uED.) At Aden, however, she received a terrible fright. A gentleman in plain clothes, who it was speedilyrumored about was a deteotive, came on board. Winnio's heart almost stopped beating as he advanced in her direo tion, but he went down into the saloon, and presently he and the captain appeared to gether and took their way forward, and not long after they returned, for the detective had found his man-a pale.faced, unhappy. looking being, whom he had handcuffed. The officer's appearance was in strango con trast to that of the wretched man's beside him. Heo was happy, jubilant, gay. Winnie felt sick and ill now, with thought. Butshe dared not move lest shemight attract atten tion, so she sat in her chair and pretended to .ead. Colombo atlast, and now a more sicken ing. dread awaited her. - Her husband's duties led him very much among shipping. Might he not come on board and find her. And might not a detective come also. Tele. grams fly everywhere now. Wallard might have --. She dared not conclude the awful -hought. She consulted Dr Brown indirectly. She felt very ill now, she said. Might she remain in bed till the heat of the day had passed. Certainly she might, and he woul see that no one disturbed her. A little rest was just what she needed. So all the day went by, and no one save the good surgeon came near her. When shades of evening fell, her fears eed, and she arose and dressed. The dootor assisted her on shore and even recommended -to hera small, quiet hotel. " How shall I ever thank youn" she said, as she bade him good-bye. "How can I show my gratitudeP" "By not thanking me at all," said the Burgeon, smiling. "Believe me, dear lady, I have done nothing bat my duty. Fare well. May you soon get over your -troubles." Winnie awoke next morning full of hope and a half.hysterical joy. This poor mother resolved for the future, to take her life in her own hand, and to pilot herself as well as her little daughter, who, under the control of a man like Roberts, she knew well would be -morally murdered. She could hardly restrain her impatience, however. She had found out thenameof the -ship in which Rose sailed, and she knew that all the passengers had been safely landed, and now she felt that she wanted to rush straight away out to her husband's bungalow, and clasp the child once more in her arms. But this could not be. There was much to be done, and she must do it carefully, Sscientifically. Winnie had often taken part in theatricats, both at home and abroad, and could dress well, and look her part to perfec -tion. She had provided for this, and now opened her boxes, and in less than an hour -she was gotten up as an Indian lady of some -standing and easte. Boldly now she could issue forth. No one looked twice at her. Roberts himself might have passed her by and known her not. Her first visit was to the house of an old servant, whom she had often befriended, but who had fled from Roberta's bungalow as soon as her kind mistress had gone. Weeba's sharp eyes detected Winnie at snoe, and she went almost wild with joy. But there was little time for the. display of feelings, the poor mother being all impatience for the rescue of her daughter. In. this ,~al ea gladly offered her servises, and a even -.-greed to return to England as Rose's Saah -' And now Winnie, commenced immediately to put her plans into execution. Of one thing she was certain. It would lbe impossible to remain safely in the island for eight and forty hours after she had stolen' her" baby." Roberts would at once raise the hue and cry, and a score of detectives would be on her track. So while Weeba was sent to prepare Rose to meet her mother, Winnie herself took her -way harbor-wards. Fortune favored her for once. Here was a dhow laden with caddy, and all ready to sail for Zanzibar. ee, the Arab ownr--a -tall and gentlemanly man-was willing to takepaeseongers, and for English gold he would keep all as secret and silent as the grave. Ho even proposed lying round in a little lonely bay, green fringed to the water's edge with cocoa palms. Here he said he would await them, and there would be less chance of their being seen embarking. So paying the Arab a portion in advance, and telling him what extra stares to lay in, Winnie went hack to Weeba's house, with high hope in her h?iart. Here, to her surprise and delight, she found her child. laughed end cried by turns, and fnally went off to sleep. Oh, the joy of this hour? Winnio thought nothing of WVallard now; :neither grief nor trenblo reaohed her heart. All she knew now was that her child was safe in her arms, close to her heart. Rose awoke at last with a happy smile, and then she was told all she must do. Ihat very night, her mother and the old nurse would come for her, and she must ..teal quietly out from her father's room, where she slept. Before daylight they would ali be comparatively safe. And so it happened. For at a very early hour next morning, an Indian lady, with an 295) ayah and little Rose, presented herself at the booking-oflice of the railway station, and took tickets for Kandy. The clerk knew Rose. He nodded and smiled to her. "You are early astir, Miss Roberts," he said. Rose blushed a littlo. " We want to get on before the day gets too warm," she re plied. At eleven o'clook that morning, Roberts himself came to question the clerk. Roberts was red and excited. The clerk told him everything, and he at once telegraphed in every direction apparently, then took aticket himself for Kandy. But Winnie and her companions quietly left the train at a village not far from Colombo. And hero till shades of evening fell, they lay perdu. Thencommenoeda long hot march shoroewards. It was very dark, though a few stars were out, and fireflies danced and flitted by every bush. But Weeba was an excellent guide, and at last they reached the bay and were safely em barked. Winnio was a criminal in one sense, but she was neither a skilled nor a clever one. She had made one terrible mistake-namely, in writing that letter to Wallard. He had awakened with a racking headache early in the morning, and finding himself lying on the sofa, began to press his brow with his hand, and try to think. " Too much wine I" he said to himself. "Oh, I remember now, I put a little brandy in the wine for Winnie's sake, and I drank that sherry as if it had not been fortified. Fool I that I have been. Then I must have fallen asleep, and so-she loft me. I wonder if I gave her the cheque." He staggered to his feet, and examined his drawer and cheque book. "Yes," he said, "I must have given it to her. But I can remember nothing-nothing. All is a blank." At one o'olook that dayhe received Winnie's letter. He perused it sleepily for a time. Then sprang to his feet. " Cursed ass that I have been I" he cried, "she has fooled me and foiled me." He was about to tear the letter up to east it in the grate. But suddenly he stayed his hand, and put it safely away in his pooket book.. " That will do another day, Mrs Roberts," he said, nodding and smiling to himself in the glass. "Another day, Mrs Roberts. Everything comes to those who can wait." For months afterwards this man met every packet that returned from India, but he never saw Winnie. But never once did he lose heart. "My day will come," he said. This was the remark from which he found the greatest comfort. Alas I for him, his day did come, and in a way he had never dreamt of. CHAPTER VII.-CArrTAr GnaooR oF Tc AncTzc Qu&EE.; How sweet a thing is rest I How delightful to a tired and weary mariner is the com parative calm that succeeds a wild-wind storm at sea, when squall orgale has fled far away, carrying before it the dark deepeurtain of clouds that, but a few short hours before, hung pall-like over ship and ocean; the curtain through which lightnings flashed and glared and shimmered blue and crimson, till the very waves seemed waves of blood or flame; the ourtain that seemed to hide great guns fired incessantly by unseen hands, with a sound so aw ful that the hurricane wind was unheard, and the bewildered sailors, as they clutched at and clung to the black, wet rigging or stays, could but believe that the vessel was being torn into timbers beneath their very feet I HIow sweet then the rest that morning brings, as the star- light fades and pales in a sky now clear and deep; as the orange gleam of dawn spreads upwards in the East, ascrimson feather-clouds, streak the sky, and the red sun leaps smiling above the distant horizon, while Nature bends down from the heavens, smoothing and soothing all things as a fond mother soothes her cradled babe. Howsweet is rest I How sweet is rest-the rest that say, some summer's morning brings to the weary in valid who for weeks has lain racked with pain in the sick chamber, from which hope itself for a time has fled. Rest after days and nights of sleepless agony. Rest t the ailing one never expected to find except in the grave; rest that he can hardly yet believe has really come at last, albeit out there on the trees he can see beneath his window the sweet sunbeams glance and glitter, as the breeze goes whispering through the foliage, as the glad swallows with joyful twitter go flitting hither and thither, feeding their youngones on the wing. The sunlight sparkles on the waves as if showers of -preoious stones were falling un seen from skywards.; the sunshine dances on the leaves as if each leaf nursed a dia mond. The sunshine speaks to the sailor's heart, and he laughs aloud for the joy that is in him, while sail after sail is loosened to woo the breeze, and the ship itself appears instinct with a new-found life and hope. And Nature in the sunshine speaks to the invalid thus : " Cheer up, poor, weary one, becalm and hopeful now. See how gaily the flowers are springing, how joyfully the tasselled tree nods in the perfumed air, how trustfully the crimson flowers of the rhodo. dendrons looked sunward, how sweetly the red bells of the tall, bee-haunted fox-glove stand out against the bracken's green, how the roses and the syringa vie with each other in wafting their odors on the summer breeze, and how contentedly the blackbird sings hidden in thickets of spruce I I am Nature, but I am not always unkind. I obey laws over which I have no control. I obey the behests of the Great Unseen, whose laws are evenly balanced, afflictions are nought save blessings in disguise, and the good follows the seeming evil as daylight follows darkness, or sunshine follows storm. Be hold, I bring you peace, I bring you rest." Thus spoke or seemed to speak to Winnie Roberts, a still, small voice, when two years after the events I have tried to de scribe in the last chapter, she found her self settled down in a small village in the far north of Scotland with her little daughter Rose. On her arrival in England she determined to go into hiding and place as many miles as possible between herself and the man Wallard; between herself, too, and the agent of her husband who might once more try to rob her of her child. Winnio possessed two talents that sheo thought might be better appreciated beyond the Tweed than in England itself-muslo and painting.. Both she could teach, and if fortune would but begin to favor her it would be easy, by her earnest efforts, to make sufficient money for herself and Rose, and to keep the gaunt wolf, hunger, from their cottage door. Yes, cottage door, for that describes their humble home exactly. In a small village it was, on the eastern shores of Aberdeenshire, and not far from a town that has sent more brave hearts to the Arctic regions, than all the other places in Scotland or England com bined. Indeed, from the front windows of this little cot in the suburbs of the village, they could catch glimpses of the far off sea, some times blue and beautiful and calm, at other times wild andstorm-tossed, the giant waves toosing their white manes against the dark ling sky, but whether peaceful or the reverse, somnehow, the sea had always a charm for Rose and her mother. They had thought themselves lucky iedeed to find so pretty a little cottage. It seemed really as if it had been waiting for some such tenants. Five rooms, no more, nor were the rooms large, but the house was solid, dry and comfortable. There was a garden in front, and a lawn behind sur rounded and shaded by trees, while in the sweet summer time, roses clung on the walls and nodded bonnily in through the windows, and a mass of golden honeysuckle clustered round the porch. People wondered at first who the lonely lady was who calldd herself Mrs Roberta, and was said to be a widow;? She Wfas English, they knew from the first. English, and therefore no doubt possessed some money or means, and would therefore be stuck-up, as they phrased it, and far too good to associate with such humble folks as they were. But when Winnie advertised in her window that she would receive pupils for music and drawing, then it got rumored abroad that the lady-she was always called the lady-- had come through some great grief, and had been reduced to poverty. So the good old clergyman or minister called first, and was so charmed with Winnie, with her sad voice and gentle main, and with her artless and beautiful daughter, that he did all in his power to assist her. There were many wealthy farmers in the neighborhood, and a few resident gentry as well, so that a month had hardly passed away before the lady had pupils enough, and then there was no more fear of starvation. Weeba, the strangely-dressed ayah, was an object of great attraction to the simple villagers. Would she, they wondered, wear those thin cotton rags when winter's winds began to howl over hill and brae, or would she dress less like a Pagan and more like a Christian ? But they did not forget, never theless, to waylay poor Weeba when ever a reasonable chance presented itself, and try to worm out of her the history of Winnie and Rose. As well might they have tried to elicit the story of bygone times from an ancient oak. Weeba knew nothing. She told them nothing, and she told it in such broken English, that her anxious enquirers were just as wise as before, no more and none less. There was a mystery about Winnie and her daughter, therefore, and the mystery remained, but really it was this mystery- or rather the desire to unravel it-that led to the lady's success, though all else apart, she played charmingly, and she had two gifts which stood her mn good need as a teacher, patience and innate good-nature. Rose, too, played very sweetly, not only on the piano, but on the zither. Was it any wonder, then, that calmness stole down and took possession of Winnie. It would have been a holy calm save for the one dark spot in her former history, the ap propriation of Wallard's money. She never could think of that awful night at his villa, without feeling as if a cold dead hand were clutching at her heart. But herono aim and object in life must now be to save money to repay the man. Then and then only could she be really happy, truly at peace. And of Winnie's crime, it is almost need less to say her innocent child knew nothing. Yet that crime was a ghost that many times and oft at the midhig hthour,- whei Rose's white eyelids were closed in slumber, stalked through the cottage rooms and kept poor Winnie wide awake. But she had not out herself off entirely from the outside world. There were two papers that came by post to her regularly week after week. One was the " Ceylon Ob server," the other " The Western Mercury." Some day, she thought, either of these might tell a tale. So the time flew by, one year, two years and nearly three, and returning from a wild flower expedition one day, Rose, now a fair and fragile but tall girl, found her mother lying on the little coch, a newspaper on the floor, and her weeping face buried in the cushions. She flew to her side and tried to raise her up. " O, mother. dear. little mother," she cried, "what is it? What is it? Tell me, mother, tell your Rose. Mother, mother, speak?" The mother sat up. She was calmer now, though very pale. "Rose, my darling," she said, "you are rather more than a child now. It is well you should know. Your father is dead." If Rose bent her head and shed tears, it was more in sympathy with her mother than for any love she bore the man who had never behaved as a father to her. Mrs Roberts sent Weeba with excuses to her pupils that evening, She could not go out, nor could she see anyone. But when Weeba was gone, she gathered Rose to her arms, and told her in sad, but resigned tones, all the story of her childish love in Ghoolah woods, and Rose herself knew how that dream of joy had ended. If it were possible, mother and daughter loved each other better than ever now. There was nothing between them-save the crime each loved and trusted the other with a love that nothing on earth could alter. Man and boy for over thirty years, bold, bluff Captain Gregory, of the Arctic Queen, had sailed back and fro to " the country," as Greenland is ever called by sealing or whaling sailors. He had come to own the Arctic Queen in part, and a bonnie ship she was. No sea that over swept across the wild Northern Ocean, could stave or sink her, no wind that ever blow had laid her on her beam ends, when Gregory himself was on deck. But storms before now had blown the sticks out of her, seas had carried her bowsprit off, and great green waves had smashed her boats and wrecked her winch, and battered and tore at her bulwarke, till they looked more like sheep hurdles than anything else that could be named. ut te skipler was dauntless, and his faith in the strength and sailing capabilities of his bonnie barque was like a man-child's faith in a loving father. Ithad been proposed by the other owners to make the Arctic Queen a steamer. " What for ?" thundered Gregory at the meeting, and he brought his fat, red fist to the table with a bang as hespoke. ""What for, I wonder ?" he oriod. " I can do all and more with my sailing barque than eiver I could with a puffing old tin kettle. Gentle men, there isn't a ship sails to the country that can go so close to the wind, or come round in les sea.room, or run before the wind, or lay to so handsomely as the Arotic Queen. Steam indeed! D)on't name it to me again, or I'll sell out and Jack her up. I'm a sailor; you follows have never boeen a mile from a cow's nose in all your born days. Pardon myplainness, but no steamer for me, thanks." So no more had beeoon said about turning the Arcotio Queen into a pufling old tin kettle, end to do him justice it must be admitted that in any five years of her cruising the barque had brought home as many skins as any steamship afloat. So Captain Gregory had some reason to be proud of his barque. Now this good skipper's ship was his wife, as every true sailor's ship should beh well, till he gaet's married, at allevents. But Groegory was a bachelor. It somehow never occurred to him to marry. ?eo had probably never met fnyone that acted load stone-fashion on his sailor heart. Besides, every December he began to prepare for his voyage Pole-wards, and every February saw his barque's prow pointed towards the Arctic Regions. Then it used to be well on in June or July before he returned, and what with unloading and one thing and another monthlssoon slipped away, giving him little time to indulge in the pleasures or gaieties of life on shore. But one summer, in the very last week of May-and what I am about to relate happened just a year after Winnie had seen the announcement in the Ceylon nows papers, that caused her tears to flow-the Arctic Queen returned home most unex pectedly. Mr Anderson, the chief owner, was just sitting down to breakfast, when itwas reported that she could be seenstand ing in towards the shore and signalling for a pilot. ir Anderson jumped up, and went to the top of his house to see for himself. Yes, there was the barque right enough, all taut and trim and very deep in the water. lihe must be a bumper ship, he thought, as he hurried away harborwards, forgetting all about his breakfast in the excitemeont of the moment. As soon as she was near enough he could see the heap of glittering fresh-water ice twixt fore and main, which porters from every hotel in town had already assembled with tubs to secure. He could see, also, the beaming face of Captain Gregory on the quarter-deck, waving his redsilkhankerohief shorewards. A bumper ship ! I should think she was. Never before had such a splendid cargo of sealskins been brought into the harbor. "Hi! old man," cried the skipper, jubilantly, to Anderson as he shook hands with all a sailor's heartiness. " Where are your puffing tin kettles now? Away astern, aren't they?" ' I'll never say a word against a sailing craft again as long as I live," said Ander son. But Captain Gregory's triumph was coin plete when, just a fortnight a ter this, two steamers came in "clean." That is without a cargo. So the bold skipper of the Arctic Queen would have all the sweet summer before him to enjoy in his own country, and this had not happened before for years. His share of the profits, too, was by no means inconsiderable, and so, sailor-like he determined to give himself a little enjoy ment. Ho could not be seen, every evening, at some out.door tea party, or on some tennis lawn or other, and everybody said he looked the jolliest of the jolly. T'o be sure, he affected to dress like a landsman, and even wore a silk hat, but there was that about him which told everyone he was a true son of Neptune dress as he might. One evening in particular-but stay, I'll ,begin another chapter. CHAPTER VIII.-" SirrPEn GnEGone WAS A SLY DOG." One evening in particular, in his way from the town, Gregory had dropped in to spend a pleasant hour or two at the house of the chief owner, Mr Anderson, who, as the skipper had told his mate that day in language more plain than elegant, had "a a tea fight o'." In other words, the Ander sons were giving a garden party. Captain Gregory was arrayed in all the glory of a new and excessively shiny silk hat, but I am not certain that a sou'wester would not have become this weather-beaten sailor better. I never can think that a round and rubicund face looks best surmounted by the tall hat of commerce; and Gregory's face was particu larly round and rubicund, and as brown in point of fact as the back of my fiddle. Pleasant withal, however; albeit the whiskers had to some slight extent borrowed the hue of the Polar snow fields, for the good skipper always had a smile for everybody, and no one could look at him without feeling that that smile had its origin deep down in the bottom of an honest and truthful heart, which some how always felt more for other people than for its owner. Gregory lived very much out of himself as it were, he possessed no large stock of inner consciousness; he was apt to forget all about himself and invariably took more interest in the welfare and happiness of other people than in those of "plain Tom Gregory" as he called himself, when talking to his friends. Now on this evening, or afternoon, after Tomr had ohatted pleasantly.for a tile 'with' his hostess and others of his acquaintance, and swallowed about half-a- dozen oups of tea, the oups being so small and not hold a tenth as much as the mugs used on board ship, this sailor wandered about somewhat listlessly. It was very hot even for the people of this island, and it felt doubly, trby hot to him, not long arrived from Northern ice-fields, and he was wishing he could divest himself of his broadcloth coat, and wander about in his shirt-sleeves as he did in his own garden at home. Presently his attention was attracted by the sound of music that was very dulcet indeed, and by the sweet voice of a young girl singing an old sea song. THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE. The morn was fair, the sky was clear, No breath came o'er the sea, When Mary left her Highland cot, And wandered forth with me. Though flowers bedecked the mountain side, And fragrance filled the vale; By far the sweetest flower there, Was the Rose of Allandale. Gregory listened, entranced and enrap tured. It was the zither that was being played, but though he could not see the singer owing to some intervening bushes, he felt sure she was as pretty as the song she sang. Where'er I wandered east or west, When fate began to lower, A solace still was she to me, In sorrow's lonely hour. When tempests lashed our gallant bark, And rent each shivering sail, One maiden form withstood the storm 'Twas the Rose of Allandale. And when my fever'd lips were parched On Afric's burning sands, She whispered hopes of happiness, And tales of distant lands. My life had been a wilderness Unblest by fortune's gale, Had fate not linked my lot to hers The Rose of Allandalo. (To DE covN?eED.) 