[ALL RIOIITS RESERVED.] [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] OUR NEW SERIES. SHORT STORIES BY WELL-KNOWN AUTHORS. A LEGEND OF BOHEMIA. « BY MONA CAIRD, Author of "Tin: WINCS OF AZRAEL," MARRIAGE A FAILURE,'' " W110.1117, LEAPETH," etc., etc. In Hie middle ages, Bohemia was a wild laud of mountains and forests, where no one dared to venture out of liig house or beyond the walls of his town without carrying amis. In the heart of this romantic country, nestled the quiet old town of Eger, the scene of Wallenstein's rebellion and of the treacherous murder. The Egerland is now a wide stretch of fertile plain encircled by a line of blue mountains, a little retired world where even to this day the customs of ancestors dating ;ar back into history continue to reguHte the lives of the simple inhabitants. The houses of the peasant-farmers are all built on one immemorial pott ;rn : their in mates wear the same style of garments un varying even to a button, they sleep in gaily painted four-post bedsteads, carefully cur tained round, and quail vast potations of beer out of big'in or earthenware flagons. The Egerlanclers stand apart from their neighbors a3 absolutely as if miles of sea girded their lir.tle territory instead of a circlet of hills. Once inside this line of enchantncnt, the traveller finds himself half constrained to take life on medieval terms, so potent is the old-world atmosphere, so strange the charm of the quaint superstitions and child-like worship of the people. Worn out with the worry and toil of con ducting a large business, I found myself, one sunny. September, in the heart of this quaint little land, and. 1 blessed, in an illogical fashion--pardonable in my exhausted state, -the railway which had enabled me vo take a dip into an age when stea»i-engines were still undreamt of. For seven happy weeks, I was a Bohemian at heart, a devout Catholic, a worshipper of lean saints. Many a day as I came to a little lonely shrine, by the side of some path across the fields, I have gone down on my knees, and worshipped-I knew not, what-the sweet virgin in her blue rope edged with gold, hold ing the haloed infant in her arms. I came to love that mild-faced lady,nnd to wish that I could carry her home with |pe to pray to when the foreign mails cmio inland^butalas! my delicate goddess grow pale ab that thought,and I remembered that she belonged to th eland of Yesterday, and would fade and die"' if she were transported to the glaring world that, Fate had chosen far my dwcllir.g-place. I had one favorite shrine which stood ab the foot of a hill crowned by a large church, whose strange Byzantine-looking cupola of zinc or copper painted red, could be seen for miles across the plain. My shrine was presided over by a bright blue virgin, whose cerulean eyes had been tint ed with the sr. jpe paint that stained her robe, slightly diluted. On tlf.e shrinegratefulpilgrimshad hungup numerous quaint thank- offerings, for having been pre served from illness or accident. At the feet of my Lady of Azure, when I appronched on one lovely afternoon, knelt a maiden, with head bent in prayer. I had the impulse to go up and kneel beside her. It is impossible to describe the sense of happiness that I felt as I joined in the worship with this beautiful Bohemian girl. It seemed to ipe that then, if never before or after, my prayer njust be granted. My fellow-worshipper was tiio daughter of one of the wealthy peasant pro prietors of the Egerland; her handsome cloth dress, with its heavy clasps of antique silver-heirlooms centuries old - and the strange head-gear of black stuff revealed her station. She was large of frame, with regu lar features, black eyes, and a fine carriage of the head. How I blessed the perseverance with which I had devoted myself to the Sla vonic languages ! Ic was not difficult to draw the girl into conversation. She was .frank and trustful, if a little shy. This child of the middle ages fascinated 1110 as much did her wild, spell-bound little country. It seemed to me that an old droam of mine was realised and that I had been permitted to step out of my noisy century, and to meet and speak with the generations of the past. Our shrine, my beautiful companion told me, had been raised on this spot five centuries ago by an ancestor of her own. Baron Zwap tolik, one of the great Bohemian nobles, in thanksgiving for the rescue of hia only daughtoi- from tho murderous assault of a robber chieftiau, syhose powerful band was at that time infesting the dietpipt. The girl was sitting, rosary in hand, at tjje foot of the shrine; [ had stretched i.iyse]f by the hedge-side in luxurious ease. The sun was liot, the breeze soothing ; I sank into a strange lethargic state, as if my body were asleep, while my iuwgination became abnorm ally vivid. My companion was relating to me fhe story that had be£Q banujad down among the owners of the soil frpm the troubled times of the thirteenth and four teeth centuries ; but such was not preoisejy my impression. I seemed to be transported backwards, across the great plain of time, and gently landed in the midst of a romance of the middle ages. The scene had scarcely changed ; it was still the beautiful Egerland : Eger lay at the end of a four-mile avenue of stately poplars, with its castle and gabled houses in the distance; tho church Btood above me on the hill top ; but there y'lig now only a rough track up to tho village, and the whole country seemed like a vast forest-it was in fact a part of the great Hercyniun forest-with a few farms and scattered ham lets, and here and them a church. By some magic of place aud time, I had become % spectator, though not an actor in the drama. This power of knowing all, without the ability to aut, jnade mo feel at times as if I were suffering from a jterrible nightmare. I do not think that I was io iq raise my head or to open my eyes; I seemeti to bo under a spell similar to that which tho wicked Count in the story held over the beautiful daughter of old Baron Zwaptolik, whose vast castle U3ed to stand, surrounded by dense forests, scarcely a mile from the shrine. Drahomira, dark of hair and swj-it of fpot, with her brilliant brown eyes and rich' com plexion, was one of the wealthiest heiresses in the kingdom, and her hand had been eagerly sought by the sons of tho neighboring nobles, not only lor her beauty, but for her riches, Among tljcse aspirants was one who had long loycit] her v.'itii faithful deration, in spite of tho cold ni)d scorn/'1) treatment which either coucjuettry or aversion appeared to inspire in her. Tho only consr.htioii of tho young Count Vladislav was tbo fact thai Drahomira behaved to her other suitors in exacl'y tho same manner. She had no wish to leave the homo where she was idolised by her indulgent old father, who sinco her mother's death had lavished all his affec tions upon their only child. 'If Imarried.it would be all gain for my lord pi>4 ail jfor roe,' she used to say with her brilliant. smile ; 'I pr:iy you, _g>;ud night, pay your court to some unhappy maiden, who, in bacomir.g your wife, may roach something better than her present state,"since shu cannot achieve a worse!' Vladislav would watch the self-willed lady moving among the brilliant, oompuuy, graci ous and smiling, yet over ready to hold at a distance the most persistent of aspirants. - This firmness of character made her subse quent conduct appear all the moro incompre hensible to me, an astounded spectator panting to interfere and to set crooked things straight. The first hint of this change of Jemeanor occurred about the time of a very strange event -which created a stir throughout all Bohemia. One of these daughters of a great seigneur had, on the very eve of her wedding, disappeared from licr home, anil though search had been mado far and wide, no trace of her could bo found. The expect ant bridegroom had also vanished. I heard tlio people talking about this incident all around me, and my blood was chilled with a Dresale of coming evil. ' A jealous imd disappointed suitor must have curried her ofl',' said one. t ' An enemy of the bridegroom has taken them both away, and is keeping them pri soner.-,' Another suggested, and so on ran the surmises. DriiUomirftj usually so bold find fearless, was white to the lips, and she started if anyone spoke suddenly to her. ' Beloved and gracious lady,' said Vladis lav, ' fear nothing. No evil shall befall you whil3t 1 am by your side. Had I but the ri'dit to be always your protector what un speakable joy would be mine.' At these words, to everybody's dismay, Drahomira swooned. When at last she opened her eyes, she turned them instinctively towards the great window, and a look of terroi came into them which startled everyone. I followed her gaze and saw-yes, I am certain that I saw for less than a second the face of a man with dark hair and eyes, staring straight in to the room. The next instant the face had gone and only the surging forest was to be teen from the deep-set window. How I Ion? to be able to relate what I had wit nessed, but I was tongue- tied,moving among these knights and dames, like a ghast, help less and unnoticed. Drahomira was as full of life as usual during that evening. To me her gaiety seemed wild and feverish, but then I knew what no one else knew in that company. Vladislav looked gloomy. The Baron's daughter avoided him, and ho thoui'ht that alio made herself needlessly agreeable to a jacknapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her everywhere. To Vladislav's secret joy,the knight had already diutik deep of the wine that was provided for all comers, in the great hall. While his ar rival was thus putting 'an enemy into his mouth,'Vladislav remaii ed sober and watch- J fnl. The tipsy knight eamc swaggering into the midst of the ladies, snatched Drahomira round the waist with a noisy laugh, and pro posed a moonlight ramble in the forest. Several strong hands were laid on his arm and he was led back to the banqueting hall, where hecontinued to toast hismistress in the Honing bowl till he rolled off his seat, still trolling out serenades, and drinking songs from the safe level to the floor. Vladislav rejoiced to see several other knights depart discomfited that evening when the hours of revelry at length drew to m end, and the few guests who lived near rode away in companies large enough to resist the band of marauders that haunted these out lying parts of the great Hercynian forest. The rest who were sufficiently sober went off to their rooms in the castle. Vladislay was too perturbed to sleep. He sat looking out. upon the moonlit scene, thinking of Dra homira. What had caused her sudden terror? Would she ever return his devotion 1 Holy Virgin ? Had his thoughts fashioned a semblance of her out of the mists and the dim moonlight 1 He saw her crossing the open space before the castle, and with her a man in a dark cloak. Count Vladislav swore a great oath, and then he made off in pur suit. He could sec the two figures, though not their faces, as they stood together in the forest, but ho was oareful to conceal himself that he might not give the man an oppor tunity to escape. He must know which of Drahomira's suitors had been able to per suado her to this breach of decorum. Could it bo he of the red doublet 1 Mad with rage and jealousy Vladislav's feelings were not soothed when lie saw the man throw his arms round the girl, and break into a thousand pvotestiitions- Yet yiadislay dared not ap proach ; Drahomira would never forgivp liirt) if ho played the spy ! Slio broke away from her companion; the lover became contritc, kneeling' at her feet. Then his pleading was recommenced, under which Drahomira seemed to be giving away, though struggling against the man's influence as if in terror. She tried several times to escape, but he thrice succeeded in recalling her ! He appeared to have extracted some promise and then she left him at a run. Vladislav inteicepted her as she fled back to wards the cr.stje, ' Havo you been keeping tryst viLli the Devil, fair lad? ?' Drahomira gave a scream and sank back against a treo. ' I think I have !' she an swered wildly. ' What do you mean? Who is this fellow?' Vladislav demanded in great excitement. ' Don't ask me ; I daro not tell you - I must obey him-Vladislav save me.' Before I Jib astonished lover could reply the girl had lied past him, and he saw her no more that night. Her words thrilled him with lmpe and fear. On the following day tlve castle was set m s. ferment by the news that another great heiress had disappeared from her home. The event filled everyone, feom the baron to the stable boy, with the utmost consternation. Dialjomira avoided all attempts on the part of her lover to speak to her abopt the incident of the previous night; she appeared to have entirely forgotten it and her wild appeal for help, Vladislav determined to watch her closely, and interfere boldly should any more inter views tftko place in the forest. But he watched in vain ; a week passed without any thing remarkable happening. The advent of a young horseman, the son of a Polish noble, and Iris immediate admission to the castle a3 guest, had in it nothing noteworthy, for it was the custom for travellers to receive hos pi< ality from the great houses as they passed through this wild and robber- haurifed coun try. Drahomira had often been called upon to welcome such transient guests, but I shall never forget the look on he face when her father picKented to hep the now comer. Her eyes were full of terror as she re turned his low salute. Alas ! I alone', im' potent ghost, know the cause of that terror. She recognised the face that had-gazed at her that night through the window ! The Polish Count m.ido a long stay, and his uttantjons to Drahomira were remarked by ail, as :,vg"U as her aijbd ued and nervous manner whenever he pas present, j 'it 15 insufferable that she should be won under our very noses hy a stronger!' said the rivals. This fascinating person left the castle, for j a few days, on a visit to Eger. During his absenceanotherof the mysterious elopements occurred. The castle was in a panic. ' This is very strange !' exclaimed the Count on his return. 1 In my country wo would not suJipr our daughters to be carried off without bringing the offenders 'ft J-:nqw- i ledgo of our sword-edges. We shall bo hear ing of the tlisappoannpe of our fair hostess next !' Drahomira turned deathly white. Large companies of armed men now went I forth daily from the castle in search of the unknown criminals. The Polish Count took the load, swearing that ho would not rest until ho had achieved success. Old Baron J?waptolik evidently thought him a fine fel low. V sy^tched the three persons in whom my intoresc was conceutraise.d with feverish anxiety. Drahomira seemed to be fji a sort of stupor. Her oyca followed every move ment of the Count, while Vladislav sought in vain to induce her to trust him with her secret. Whenever ho addressed her, the I eyes of the watchful Pole would fall upon I 'her, aud she became confused and silent.. At the erid'of sever;-.! days, the stranger, with profuse thanks'for his -hespit-.i recep tion, annoitnoea his attpnt'ion to"i> ring bis visit to a close. I breathed lijoi'p freely. On the eve of his departure, Vladislav, looking out of his window onco more, saw to his horror the figure of Drahomira disappearing into the shadows of the forest. Ho rushed out, but the night was dark and his foois.Ui/2 upon a crackling branch warned tkoso whoiji ho r;o:aj-hp to plunge out of sight. Among iho shadows" of tlfafc forest I alone witnessed the strange scone that was'taiiing place. Count Kasimir had tjifron the'girl to a lonely spot, and ho was standing ber>;rp fief holding her hand and looking fixedly into her eyes, Ber gago was straight and fascinated. ' i hr.vu won your love, DrakomiLv.,' lie said, not as a question but as an assertion. She bowed her head. 'And you will-bemy bride.' Again the head was bowed. An expression, like tha of some wild beast, came into the man's face. ' Our wedding must be soon !' he said, 'and secret. On Uiis day a week hence, beloved, you will deck yourself in your richest and loveliest array, as beseems a bride of so great a house,, and a maid of such sur passing fairness--' 'Oh! why did I listen to you,' the girl moaned. The man gats a grin. 'My beautiful one cannot evade the fond toils of love. On this day, a week hence, at an hour after sundown, sho will come to her adorer, who will await her at the holy church of tho Saint Sebastian, and there the good priest will call tho bless ing of Godupon our union.' Drahomira made the sign of tho cross, and the Pole shrank back with an evil frown. As 011 the previous occasion, she left him in groat haste. It was in >'ain that Vladislav tried to pierce the mystery. Her lips were resolutely sealed. On the following morn ing Count Ivasimir departed, and Vladislav breathed again. But Drahoniira's mood did not change. The week hurried past 8nd the day arrived which the unknown bridegroom had appointed for tho wedding. I believe that 1 moaned or made some sort of cry, when I saw Drahomira begin to attire herself in her richest robes, twining diamonds in her hair, and pearls round her slim throat. Her gown, which her mother had worn at her wedding was embroidered with gems, and had formed part of the lady's splendid dower. Over this magnificence Drahomira threw a large cloak, and stealing down stairs, she had fled from her homo, hurrying up by the bare steep pathway, towards the church on the hill-top. Tho light had almost died when she arrived, and the bride could see by the gleam through the windows thai candles wero burning on the altar.' She also noticed that, according to the clock on tho tower, sho had come nearly twenty minutes too soon. Had tho Holy Virgin taken pity upon her and made the hands to loiter 1 Drahomira stole into the church, and saw to her surprise, two figures standing before the altar. One of these was Count Kasimir, nnd the other a beautiful girl attired in bridal array, adorned like the daughter of Zwaptolik herself, with costly gems. A thrill of horror ran throueh her 1 Was this another bride of her mysterious bridegroom ? He glanced round, as if expecting some one. Drihomira stooping low, ran swiftly forward and hid herself behind the altar. lb was her only chance of escaping detection. Sho thought that ho must hear the violent beat ing of her heatk, as she lay crouching in the shadow within a few feet of liirn. Presently -it could not have been two minutes after she had found shelter-a side dojr opened, and the sound of footsteps came along the aisle. ' Here is the priest who will make us for ever one,' whispered the bridegroom. Scarcely had he uttered the words when an awful shriek rang through the church, for suddenly three or four ruffians rushed upon the miserable girl and struck her down on the very steps of the altar, in spite of her wild appeal for help to the Virgin and all the blessed saints. Another stifled shriek echoed it from behind the altar, while the wild work of murder went on under tho directions and with the help of Count Kasimir, whose cold blood savagery excelled even that of his accomplices. Horrible was the scene that followed. The beautiful bride lay dead on the floor of the desecrated church, and her robber-bridegroom was gloating over the rich booty. Her jewels were torn from her, and then the band of assassins dragged away the body and flung it into a large hole which they had dug in the forest for the reception of their numerous victims. Nearly fainting with terror, Drahomira found herself left alone in the silent church, the candles still burning on tho altar, waiting her own nuptial ceremony. At all hazarcs she musi. escape before the return of the robbers and their terrible chief. This then was the secret of the strange disappearances that had scared all Bohemia 1 | Terror-stricken as she was, Drahomira's heart beat high with revengeful passioji ; if will and courage could avail, this nicked hand should not see tho light of morning ! Bracing herself for a great effort she set oft on her homeward journey. She glanced at the clock and saw that in five minutes, the hour of her appointed wedding would have struck. In that time,, therefore, her mur derer bridpgroprp wopld be there. Draho mira set off at a run. The path ran down the hillside, and unluckily it could be seen from a distance. Wh>-n about half of tho way had been traversed, feeling a horrible sense of paralysed powers, she ventured to glance back, and a cry of horror escaped her, for there was her terrible enemy rushing down the hill after her ! His accursed in fluence was asserting itself. She clasped her crucifix ; the spell seemed to relax; then she gathered togt tlier all her remaining strength a;id fled down the hill, atqmtiling, recovering herself, springing over hollows, darting round corners, ; yet, iyi spite of her wild efforts, the man was gainT ing upon her. Horrible and seemingly everlasting were the next five minutes of agony. Every breath appeared to tear her to pieces ; her heart was ready to burst. Oh, that it might indeed burst before she fell into this ruffian's hands ! Why was there no precipice that she might have thrown herself over it? Wild farewell thoughts flew through her brain of her father uid of the faithful Vladis lav, whose love she had disdained through the fatal influence of this murderous deyil who pursued her. He had paralysed the emotions of her heart as well as the decisions of her will. From wjiat evil witcji hqd }ie purchaggd the hateful philtre 1 Still the race went on; still tho man slowly gained upon the exhausted girl. At the foot of the hill, which was about a quarter of a mile from the castle, stood a hazel-bush, and here Drahomira suddenly sank upon her knees and offered a passionate prayer to the Vergin. Her pursuer gave a shout of triumph, and at the same instant, as he strode down the hill,, the Madonna, mild and pitying, appeared in a vision to her kneeling worshipper. ' Holy Mother, have mercy !' The murderer was now almost at the foot of the hill. If the Vergin had a mind to mercy, it be hoved her to be swift? Tho man, sure of his victim, slackened hi? pace, and came up at a walk.' " . He laid his hand on £he rapier that lie carried in "jjig' fcglfy looking round cau tiously. 'Holy Mother of God, must I die un shriven ?' ' Sot so,' replied a voice that sounded to her ears like heavenly music. It was the voice of Vladislav t In an in stant the terrified girl had darted to his side end found that not only her lover, but her fathered a gpocljy pom nany of armed men had pome tp seek her. '" ^heii suddenly she swayed, and the air grew black around her. ' Ho, I will not faint,' she said, groping for support, ' thero is foul and hideous murder to be avenged.' A few more gasping words from her roused tho little troop to fury. Vladislav had already started in pursuit of the fugitive chief ; the rest followed at a wild gallop. Ba^on Zw.antolik and Vladislav, both look ing'like rribn 'distraught, uon tended fo)f t'tio honor of killing the murderer. ' We must trap the whole band,' said tho Baron 'and epaar them like rats.' ' Or heretics,' suggested ono of the oaval cade. The murderer, whose hope of salvation lay in the aid of his comrades, had fled litce tho wind up the hill, thus disclosing their head quarters to his pursuers. Ho was just in time to give warning to the robber band, when the Ba^on ijnd his followers foil upon them with1 shouts and terowoiis curses, and although tho assassins made si desperate re. sistance, and sent homo several of their antagonists sevcTely wounded, the whole troop was overwhelmed and executed with out mevcy. The rago of the old Baron, as he fought the Villains who had planned such a fiite for his daughter, was terrible to wit ness. Vladislav sn;l the chieftain had a tierce hitiidrtq-h^nd cquipq-t, ia which at ijnr.fc the robber was slain and Vladislav wounded. When every man of tllo brutal band had been put to tho sword search was made toy tho lifidy of the murdered bride and her numerous fellow-vietlniii. These woro nil found in the trcnch which the robbers had dug, and with them the treasures for which the crimes had been committed. i ll Bohemia rang with tho tidings. tfor iiiany montjiB Krahomira lay prostrate after the .shock o^ tiiat'nightfs 'flxpeftenqjj, and her stftte caused great anxiety. Vladislav camo and went ipeessajjfcly. Tiie Old WOTf} Iiitd given a willing consent to his m;iniagu with his daughter should she herself lie favorable to his wishes. 'Oh? Vladislav, had I only listened to you sooner, and to the voice of my heart, all this might never have happened !' Then she un folded to hini all that had passed, describing her first meeting with the pretended Count in the forest, his flatteries and respectful gallantry ; her admiration of him and desire to penetrate the mystery that surrounded him, his request for another meeting and her fatal consent. After that began his power over her, which at last grew so strong , that she became helpless in his hands, and -was forced to obey him, ask what he might. When she saw him appear as a guest at the castle, she felt terrified, and tried in vain to throw off the spell of his power. 'And to think that I was hero all t'he time, and could not save you !' Vladislav exclaimed, des pairingly. 'Oh? my darling, I feared to offend you, or T should have dared more when 1 saw those strango meetings. But I could not bear that you should regard mo as an enemy, or a spy. Will you let me stand at your side and shield you from danger all your life ? My love has been laid at your feet for many a day !' Drahomira's beautiful eyes filled with tears. 1 It you have not lost patience with me, Vladislav? He clasped her in his arms, scarcely able to speak for joy. Two months later Draho mira stood once more arrayed in her wedding gown before the blood stained altar of the church 011 the hill-top. It was her wish to be married there, in spito of its horviblo as sociations. ' I fear at times,' she said to Vladislav, ' as if the man's power-dead though he be -still haunted me ; if I stand with you be fore that altar I feel that I have defied it, and then I shall at last be free.' After the wedding the bride and bride groom descended the hill and knelt before the little shrine which the Baron had caused to be erected in the spot where the Virgin had appeared to his daughter, and at this shrine for the rest of their long and happy married life Vladislav and Drahomira offered many a thanksgiving and many a prayer. It is said by the people that even to this day whosoever prays at the shrine of Drahomira is sure of a blessing from the ever-pitiful Virgin,and many are the pilgrims who visit it. j [THE End.J NEXT WEEK : FATHER JOSEPH'S PEN IT ANT, «Y HENRY MURRAY, Author of " A DEPUTY PKOVIDEKCE," 