A MAMMOTH PURSE. Corljett v. Mitchell. ; [By Cable.] London, March 6. Tho Coney Island Club, New York, has offered a purso of 75,000dol. for a match bo twoen Jim Corbett, tho champion heavy weight pugilist of America, and Charley Mitchell, the well-known English heavy weight. spectators of tlie Goddnrcl-Mnher tattle differing widely ns to what whipped the Irishman. Thoy aro unitod that Maher got tho whipping, as tho New Humpshira jury was in. tho co.v-killin-; enso: 'Our verdict is that tho tiling was done. Who did it, or how it was dono, of courso, we don't know, but wo do, of course, know that it was done, and we find accordingly.' Most men will agree thnt Mnher had the Jnost to do with Manor's quick trouncing, but the surpriso wns that with all his free, frequent, nnd hard-hitting, Mahor was so littlo in it. Vory few men, perhaps none Been iu America since John Moirissey, havo stood up as Goddard does under the hardest hitting without apparent loss of strength. When ho gets a smash, and a smash that perhaps sends his head back, ho goe3 right along to give two smashes in return. It is easy enough to hit 'him, but hits don't lick him, nor mako him haul off for repairs, or to tako account of injuries. ?Most inon with a jaw cut open begin to think about it, but Goddnrd givcis no ovidonoo that ho knows it. Goddard fights in no -way shapely. He gives it to his man up, down, and ncros3, but tho hitting power is thoro ; the size is there ; the groat resisting power is there, and ho isn't a slow man. I noted that at Conoy Island few of the sporting scribes gave him vory much credit except for merely outslugging Mnddeu's last year's misllt. There wero, however, points. I am told, that showed in Goddurd to donote that ho is up in smart and olovor things.! both to save himself and to hurt an adver sary. In his bulliaR rushes lie pnshes hia shouldors up and sinks his head low, like ' a monitor ironclad going into action. He may ' not know how to fight,' but he sockod the point of his olbow into Mahor on tho ropos, ] heard it stated, and wrung the life out of him in close work in a way that marked him a science artist in his own peculiar Btylo of hurting hia man. Goddard impresses mo as one of those rare pugilists of exceptional stamina, who, in a fight with the bost and cleverest man in tho world, is obliged to find ' somo point whero he will come iu and have something to Bay about how the iistht shall go. Undoubtedly Corbett and Jackson aro far cleverer mon, but luy observation oi fight-followers inclines ma to believo that whoever fights Goddard next timo thero will bo plenty of men who sat around the ring at Conoy Island who'll be on Goddard to win. Logically, he should next battle Peter Jackson for the Australian championship and tho biggest Americnn purse obtainable, aud, if Goddard should boat Jackson, I would, if my name were Corbett, keep right on in the show business, and try hard not to mind him. TJp to datn, the clever mou who have been in front of Goddard havo been shown by him a turn ofl tho fight when they couldn't bo clever. lie has out-punched tho mere punchers, nud has beaten down cic.vernesa by strength and persistoncy, e.veopc in his eight-round mooting with Jackson. ' Thero never was n. fighter so clever that some time in tho mill ho will nob have to fight.' '? That is tho view of clever men which 'Cast-Iron Jimmy' 13urgo onca ox- . pressed. Goddard and Uurgo are tjpea of triumphant pluck and tenacity that ' seems to belong Co motals aud not to niortnls. ' Fighting with the scabbard when the sword is broken,' was tho recent prize definition of 'pluck' in i compe tition in England. Goddard realises the definition in hisunreiuittiiig,ull-dovouriiig zeal and consuming thirst for the fray and a quick finish. He is not of tho first - winning pugilists, but the best first-rate man who makes one little mistake in fighting him tnight finish second bost to him in tho ring. I question whether ? Maher nt Coney Islandwus a knockod-out man, but there is no question that he' was us thoroughly a whipped inanas was ever seen taken from a ring seven minutes after ? stepping into, it in trained condition. Certain it is that the Australian will be a ??? card and magnet whonever.ho fights again '?? and whoever may bo his adversary. One thing that can bo rolicd upon, whenever ho outers the ring, is that the railroad trains can beheld in readiness to return from tho %ht oarly. There will be no all-, night circling or ' ghost- walking.' ' No ono has evor doubted Tom Cannon's absolute integrity, but an illustration may bo givou in proof of.it. At Windsor Spring Mooting in 1374 Cannon rode Ludy Atliolston'e, who was burdened with 10at Gib, and after a desporate race just got up aud won in the last stride by a head from Chester, to whom sho was giving 3«t all but 31b. It camo out afterwards that Cannon, who imagined his mount couid havo no possiblo chance, had £20 on Chostor, who was favorite. No ono sup poses that such a thing would have provonted him from riding his vory boot and ,h« had to do all he knew in order tt lose his money), but the occurrence is wortii,ra»utu«i- . ? » 