LEGAL TENDER TREASURY BILLS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Mr. J. B. Spence says:—"I am not bound up in bimetallism, but I can see that the scarcity of gold is most injuriously affect-<*> ing all values which are measured in that currency." It eeeoie a bit surprising that an old banker like Mr. Spence did not arrive at that conclusion long ago. Before the discovery of the Broken Hill mines England could not boast of a single silver-produoing country in her huge Empire. Soon after the first divi dend was declared from that mine I wrote to the Proprietary directors urging them to take steps with a view ot impressing upon the several Legislatures of the Australian colonies the desirableness of cooperating with the English Bimetallic League in its endeavor to establish a double currency. Mr. Knox replied to the effect that the directors could not see their way clear to move in the matter, although one would think they would have had a try at any rate to keep up the price of the article they were producing. About tbe same time I wrote to tbe Sydney Morning Herald suggesting that as New South Wales had suddenly become a large exporter of silver it would be advisable to advocate bimetallism. With the publication of the letter appeared a leader which argued that if my views were adopted and the price of silver advanced, the price of gold would of necessity fall, and that as the gold export of the colony wa? of greater valuo than that of silver, it would be tbe reverse of benefit. The English Bimetallic League is daily acquiring strength. In its ranks are many of the most eminent members of the House of Commons, including the ablest atateman of the day, Mr. A. J. Balfour. The unanimous support of Australia would un doubtedly aid the league. One may be certain of this, that unless the great commercial nations of Europe return to a double currency there is not the ghost of a chance of getting a better price for silver, now one of our leading staple exports.—l am, &0., JOHN RICHARDS. Royal Exchange, Maroh 8,1893. 