NOTES FROM GUILDFORD, ♦ [By Sknex.J The other day, when walking past our Medical Officer's quarters, I found myself in the midst of a crowd of females and young children. I walked quietly and spoke softly, as I begged to be allowed to pass, and when through this crowd of women I gave a sigh of relief to find my self safe. Why this throng, I asked ? Oh, this is a vaccination day, and by a placard you will eee, on yonder tree, all patients and guardians of unvaccinated children under seven years are to have these child ren raccinated without delay and to fail at their peril. North, south, eaet and west I see and hear of nothing but ' small-pox.' It is no longer the salutation of ' Good morning' or ' Good day/' but ' Have you been vac cinated if not you ought to be, and please don't come too near me,' others overwhelm one with showers of statistics to prove the relative rate of mortality of the vaccin ated aud the unvaccinated. It is an ill wind that blows no one any good— our doctors must be reaping a rich harvest. I have heard it stated, by one who knows, tbat one of our learned Councillors at a special meeting of our Health Board, when the question of a quarantine station was mooted, proposed with much earnestness that the site of the stat'ou should be on the commonage, for the reason of its proxi mity to the cemetery — rather comforting to any patient, for all that, however, there is tn uch wisdom in the suggestion. I think our Health Officer and Health Board are doing the correct thing in taking every precaution against any attack of this fell disease. I read your It ader in yesterdays paper on ' Financial Scares' with much pleasure and profit at the same time. Is there not good reason for these ' scares' and want of confidence ? In the days of wild speculation with commercial morality at a low ebb, in whom can we put confidence ? men whom we supposed to have worn the 'white flower of a blameless life' we discover to be mere hypocrites and frauds, and daily experience teaches us that an outward ap pearance of respectability is no guarantee of a man's honesty. The other day I picked up a piece of paper (evidently a portion of a love letter), with, these concluding words — ' From your loving little Harry.' What a tale might be made of this ! Who is this 'dear little Harry,'- to whom was it written ? Was it the fervent and faithful out-pouring of [a loyal heart, or as the ghost in. ' Hamlet* says : An adulterate beast, with witchcraft of his wit, with traitorous gifts, (Oh wicked wit, and gifts, that have the power so to seduce !) won of his shameful lust the will of my most seeming virtuous. Enough, ' Senex' is getting prolix. Guildford, April 19, 1893. 