THE SCRAP ALBUM. (OrEN to Casual Contributors). Eutries for the Kiama show closo to day. Albion Purk show to-inorrow and Thursday. Rough sea again on the coast during the last trw days. A Thrilling Ghost Story, Town Hall, Wednesday night.* An old man was pored to death by a hull at Adelaide on Thursday. ' Jack Roberts ' is going to the Albion Park show to see Lady Jersey there. In many districts tho disbanded Reserve Rifle Companies are forming themselves into civilian rifle clubs. L irge numbers of dead fish, apparently poisoned, have been washed ashore along the coast of this district within the last tew days. ' Mission Hall,' Balgownie, now for sale by tender up to tho 25th instant. Should be a good spec for public or private purposes. The bill introduced in the United States SoDato prohibiting tho landing of immigrants in America for one year has been abandoned. An aviary is to be .erected in the National Park on the flit known as ' Robertson's Grove ' for tho acclima tisation of English birds. Mr. John Bovard reports having sold springers, at Unanderra on Friday last, at satisfactory prices, — from £5 2s 6d up to £S 10s, or an average of £6 lis 6d per head. The aborigines on the Warangesda mission station have nnisnea harvesting the wheat crop there. It is reported to be the best in the district, the result being 29 bushels per acre. There is still, burning in India a sacred fire thab was lighbed by bhe Par sees twelve centuries ago. The fire is fed with sandal and other fragrant woods, and is replenished five times a day. At the Dapto show, Mr. J. M'Donagh secured first prize for two-year old coaching stallion, not 1 year old, as pub lished. We were also in error in stating that Mr. Staff's horse fell in the hunt ing contest on the first day. ' Smith' recommends all ladies and gentlemen in the district who intend to have any of their teeth drawn shortly to attend the Albion Park show to see the Mellor ' Stump Extractor' at work, before they decide upon their dentist. The Government propose to devote two nights a week to the Local Govern ment Bill, a nighb to the Coal Mines Regulation Bill, and a nighb to Mining on Private Properby Bill. The Land Bill will follow bho Local Government Bill. In connection with the investigations of the Panama Iuquiry Com-nittee, M. E'ffel, the eminent engineer, who con structed the Eiffel Tower at the Paris Exhibitien in 1889, has admitted hav ing received 33,000, OOOf. for jtlio carry ing out of contracts ; he spent 5, 000, OOOf on the work and kept the balance. ' Polly Macquarie ' writes that if Mr. Lahiff thinks tho Wollongong show has all the 'beautiful' of the dis trict, ho ought to visit tho Albion Park show to have his eyes opened on that point, the Wollongong young ladies being quite 'washed-out' looking crea tures compared with the Albion Park ones. A very curiou* case of 'payment- by results ' was mentioned by Mr. Barbon in his speech on the second reading of the Coroner's Court Bill. It appears thatwhen the present Minister of Jus tin nnmn inf.n nffifin he discovered that. if coroner's juries returned a verdict of murder or manslaughter, they were paid for their services, but, if they found an open verdic.t or one of acquittal, they were not paid. California will send to the exhibition at Chicago a section of one of her fam ous big trees. The section will be 23ft. in diameter and 30ft. long.' This will be divided into three parts, and these will be placed in their natural position, one above bhe other, and so arranged as bo form something like a two-storey 1 ? mu. fn* O ffOdi IlOnSt). J.I1C uuunuuu taucu *wi n i 20ft 6in in diameter, but the tree ac-. bually found will be 3ft. ^greaber in diameter. The Minister of Works has accepted a tender for the supply of cast-iron i pipes from 3in, to 8in. in diameter. Tho successful tenderers are Messrs. Pope, Maher, and Co., the price being £7 10s per ton. This contract embraces 75 per cent, of the whole quantity re quired. The tender of Alesars. Pope, Maher, and Co., for the supply of 15,000 tons of pipes amounts to £106,875, against £90,002 by Messrs. D. Y. Stewart and Co. The latest fad has arrived in New York in the shape of an umbrella. It is con structed so-as to curl up around the rim when opened, forming a complete gutter like those around the eaves of houses. This cutter catchoB the rain as it runs down the mansard roof, and keeps it from running down to the ground and splashing on one's trousers. By a slight tilt the water is caught and thrown to a common centre, where a pipe leads down through bhe umbrella handle to the ground, allowing the water to run .out. A shocking fatality look place on the Victoria-sbreeb bram lino on Wednesday, the victim being a young man named John Allen, who was crushed to death in a manhole. Allen was below in a manhole at tho curve near Burnley street, making the excavation larger. A tram camo along, and- it is stated that the usual alarm was given, but Alien was unable to got out of the way, and was crushed in a shocking manner. A fellow employee had him conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital. Ho had just been deposited in the casualty room when lie expired. A Christmas Carol Rev. J. Parker, Town Hall, 'Wednesday wight,* Come and hoar Old Scroogo, the Plump Sister, and Tiny Tim, Town Hall Wednes day night * Factory butter per the s.s. Runpchu realised 112s. per cwt. : best dairv, 100s; and inferior dairy, 90s. About 450 nwwsboys were entertained by Lord Jersey at Government House on Saturday. ?Jane Onrolino O'Leary, stewardess of tho R.M.S. Ballaarat, has been fined £24 at Melbourne for smuggling laco and wutuuus. Two brothers named Bond, and another young man, were drowned off St. Kild, Melbourno, on Sunday, through a yacht upsetting Nearly one-fourth of tho beef received in London from TownHville by the steamer Runhino arrival in a damaged condition. Tlio families of the 515 Italian emi grants who woro drowned by tho loss of tho steamer Utopia, on March 17, 1891, are bringing actions against the owners. a ? ? (i -1 ,1 » over 800 people assembled in tho Pro testant Hall to hear the recital by the Rev. Joseph Parker. Frequent bursts of applause greeted the reciter. Daring tlio month of December the Berry Dairy Company received 77,400 gallons of milk, from which thfty aver aged 1 lb of butter to 25 2-3 lb of milk. The price paid to suppliers wus 3d per gallon. A'; the Water Police Courb, Sydney, on Friday, a man named George Love was sentenced to six months' imprison ment for assaulting his wife bv knocking her down and kicking her in the eye — a queer way of showing his love. On Friday a man named Charles Bew was brought before the Water Police Court and reaianded, charged with forging and uttering a cheque for £S90. The cheque purported to be signed by George Adams, of Tattersall's consultation fame. The Daily Telegraph says : — ' A very largo audionco gathered in tho Y.M.C.A. Hall to hear the Rev. Joseph Parker recite Dickens' popular 'Christmas Carol.' Mr. Parker was effective. The facial expression, the tone of voice, and the very laugh, called forth repeated applause.' Messrs. Westgarth -and Co., London financiers, through their Sydney agent (Mr. J. C. Rounding), have written to the directors of the Berry Dairy Com pany, asking to bo supplied with five tons of butter for the London markpt, and allowing the directors the privilege of packing the butter at the Berry fac tory for direct shipment to tho home market. A rather clever feat was performed by a lad named J. Millen whilst riding in a race at Wanganella, a small town ship in tho Riverina district. The mare he was riding burst tho surcingle in the first few strides ; the lad, slipping his teet out or the stirrups, piacea cne saddle over his arm, riding bare- back, and beating a field of nine. A cricket match was played at Bode's Centennial Giounds on Saturday after noon last- between the Mount Keira C. C. and Lilywhito C. C. (13). Keira scored S8 (R. Pratt 17, W. Benniss 16, Jas. O'Brien 15). Lily whit's, in their first innings, were all disppscd of 25 (Glutton 9). They then followed on, and lost seven wickets for 40, when time was called, Keira thus winning bhe match. ' At the Nowra Police Cjurt, Alfred Allen, the young man remanded from the Wollongong Bench, charged with stealing a chesteub mare, the property of William Spain, was committed for 1 _ i. — ? i- „:i lltA trittl Ub tlio 11CAU BlbCUig VI uuo WUU11 gong Quarter Sessions, on the 21st March. For stealing a saddle and bridle, having elected to be doalb wibh summarily, he was sentenced to one month in Wollongong gaol. At the Redfern Police Court, on Thursday, the applications of 103 Assyrians for hawkers' licenses were refused by Mr. Giles, S.M., who said theae people were objectionable on account of their proclivities for insulting women and for thieving. They were brought here by bossas, receiving a minimum wage, were virtually slaves, and their advent into the country was r nVnunf.Jr.nfthlA ARripmn.11 v so considcrinf* I that so many of our own people were out of employment. An incident which has caused a good deal of stir in Russian military circles occurred at Moscow toward the end of November. While the general com manding the Second Division of Grena diers was inspecting the kits of one of tho regiments he noticed thab tho men's uniforms were nob marked wibh bhe official sbamp. Thereupon, turning to Colonel Bagerianoff, the regimental commander, ho exclaimed, ' Where is the stamp ?' at the same time throwing one of the uniforms in his face. The colonel, who was greatly incensed, being thus treated in the presence of his men, replied, ' There ib is,' and, suiting bhe action to the word, struck the general a severe blow in the face with his fist. One of the most astonishing inven tions of modern times is a new torpedo boat. Ib fairly realises bhe design of bhe imaginary Nautilus created by the fancy of Jules Verne. It is cigar shaped, pointed at both ends, 'and has a small dome-like turret on the top, through a glass ih which the steersman looks along the level of the waves. While running thus the twin screws are driven by a steam engine. When the vessel wishes to sink the .little smoke funnel is unshipped, and down the cigar boat goes beneath the water, which closes over it, while it pursues it way at a depth of 10ft. or more. It can stay under for half an hour comfortably, the supply of air sufficing for that length of of time. While it is submerged the screws aro run by batteries, in which electricity is stored by the steam engine. Tlio interior is lighted also by electricity. Consumers ok Wax Vestas must be curb; ful to sec that they get Brynnt and May's only, which arc the very best ill quality anil 20 per cent, more in quantity than the foreign made wax vestas. Bryant} and May's Haul Wax Vestas aro made only in London, anil have been awarded 19 Puise Medals for ex cellence of quality. Every box of Bryant and May's Wax Vestas bears their- name, on a white ribbon, inside tho wcll-luiowu red, black, anil blue star trade mark. Ask for Bryant and May's Wax Vestfts, and do not bo dcewved by the inferior articlo. Shaving 3d. at L, L. Burl's, Crown street. Tho Princo of Wales has been invitod to visit tho World's Fair at Chicaga. A factory has% been destroyed by firo Osaka, Japan, and 125 fem ilo employees weie destroyed. Recital Christ raiB Carol, in aid of Con grojationil Cliu-ch, Town Hall Wednes day niijlit.* A man named Thomas Gannon was run over by a train at Homebush on Saturday, and had .to have his log amputated. At a meetinof of fclia CVnt.rn.l TUawarra Council, held yesterday afternoon, the large number of 86 tenders for work were dealt with. A disastrous railway collision has occurred in Chicago. ' The wrecked carriages took fire. Although no actual loss of life is roported, 150 passengers were injured. At a meeting o£ the Northern Miners' Delegate Board, on Friday, the delegates from tho various lodges, with tho excep tion of the Wallsend delegate, signed the Bew agreement. At Churcli-streot Hall, Saturdays. Miss Reynolds, Accompanist, Teacher Piano, Violin, Theory. Address: 62 Gordon-st., Paddington.* Some improvement is in course of being made to the Mount Kembla -Rood, and much more requires to be done to render that highway worthy to be classed as a ' civilized' thoroughfare. j_iji.sc evening, iur. jj. rsaxcer ana a number of membera of the 3. ' troop of cavalry were engaged in practicing for the military sports, when the maro he was riding (Confidence) foil and broke her shoulder. The strike of minors at Saarbrick, in the German province of Lorraine, has collapsed. The masters have dismissed 1000 men who went on strike, and the leaders of the movement have been placed under arrest. A New South Wales squatter, named Leder Clarke, who recently came from Wilcaunia with his family, committed suicide at his lodgings on Friday, at St Kilda, by blowing his brains out with a revolver. Severe financial reverses are ? 1 1__ ,1. _ ? -C ? L. J ? I Stuu io ub tut? cause ol wie rusu uut*u. London has f.he distinction of being the first city to use coal. This was in tho latter part of the twelfth century. Its use was prohibited shortly atter its introduction, and one man was actually executed for violating the law. At the Central Police Court, on Sat urday, a man named Henry Edmonds was sentenced to six month's imprison ment for brutally assaulting his wife. He had only just come out of gaol after serving a term for a similar offence. Now is your time to send a beautiful photo New Year card to yonr friends. Local views 6d each. Elite Photo Co., next door Hunter's Boot Palace.* Mr. E. C. Cracknell, Superintendent of Telegraphs, died on Satuiday. As bhe deceased gentleman was the officer commanding the Submarine Mining Corps, his body was interred with mili tary honors on Sunday. The funeral pro cession was a mile and a half in length. Mr Hungerford, the contractor for tho Wollongong Harbor Trust works, is having a small crane erected for general use in connection with the contract. A large crane capable of lifting and moving forty-five tons is oo the way from Now Zealand. Both these cranes were made in bhab colony. Mr. W. Davies, of the Wollongong foundry, is now turning out what appears to be an excellent cooking stove, and which he contends can be sold considerably cheaper than similar articles not locally-made. Specimens of this district-made stove may be seen at Mr. Craven's ironmongery establishment in Crown-street. There is talk of a move being made to urge for the erection of a new school premises at Mount Kembla, instead of the rookeries that have done duty so long there. Ib is also undersbood bhab bhe inhabitants of Kembla Heights are about to move for the establishment n f nn infnnt. nnlinnl in their midst for the convenience and benefit of their children of tender years. Tho great gulf that intervenes between the Heights and the present school is corsidered an obstacle to the attendance of small children from above, however calculated to develop the muscles in climbing it. On Saturday morning the Leichhardt nolice became aware that tho body of a woman named Adelaide Griffiths Mont gomery was lying at her mother's resi dence, No. 13 Thornleigh-street, Leich hardt, that no preparations were being made for its interment, and that the mother of the deceased was awaiting with confidence her daughter's resur rection. (The body was examined by Dr. M'Sweeney, who found that the deceased had been dead for some days. Deceased and her mother belonged to a sect known as the ' True Gospelites.' A sad case of accidental poisoning was the subject of a magisterial inquiry at Dubbo on Wednesday. A little girl who was left to mind a baby 12 months old found a bottle which contained what appeared to be water. She gave the baby some of it to drink,; and also took some herself. Finding the liquid hurt her mouth she told her mother, who called in Dr. Fitzpatrick. The doctor discovered evidences of poisoning, and on examining the contents of the bottle, ho found it contained sheepwash, an irritant poison, probably arsenic. The baby died almost immediately, and the girl is very low. A telegram from Cairns states that the Star of Hope while on the way from Townsfillo to Cairns picked up a man floating on a raft in an exhausted condi tion. Ho is now in bhe Cairns Hospibal. He is a native of Calcutta, and says he was engaged by the captain of a new pearlshelling boat in Sydney bo help to bring her on to Thursday Island. He doss not remember the name of the captain. He states that he was robbed and thrown overboard on uunstmas Eve, that he gob on Franklin Island, and after being there 18 days made a raft with driftwood, using ropes which he made of his clothes. He was in the water three days before being picked UP- , The United StateB has a little army of 30,000 mon, which coBts £200 per head, or six millions annually. The same country enjoys about lialf-a-million pensions, at an average of £58 per annum, or an annual COBt of £29,000,000. 