CHAPTER VI.- His FIERCE EYES FLASHING. . . In the meantime Mrs. King and her daughter; remained upon the verandah, and whilst the two. men chopped logic 'in the parlor the two ladies watched the casual wayfarers, who trudged along the streets ankle-deep in sand. Laura, with the keen 'curiosity of youth, watched every passing person or object with intense interest, but ; Mrs. King-a small, mild lady, who deemed that her life's mission was fulftlled when : her two children ceased to require her personal attention, and who was now con tent to paBS the remainder of her days in dispassionate submission to events-took meagre heed of a spiritless hypochondriao. . She was absent minded at all times, and ever ready to fall in with the notions of chance associates-passively yielding to likes or dislikes, according to the inspira tion of those immediately around her. As they stood there looking out on to the street a decrepit figure, clad in the cast-off ' , | raimants of some towns person, shambled to the far end of the verandah, and squatted on the bare boards. He was dusky- skinned, emaciated, and cringing like a beaten cur but why describe him ? We know too well the servile child of vice, the loathsome out cast, who crawls with bis burden of . corruption through the streets of our inland townships. Laura King had never seen any Australian aborigines, and she was longing to see one with a zest born'of romantic fancies, wherein the dusky savage had been pictured in all the wild pride of his un conquercd spirit. It was some moments before she could realise thqt thel miserable, . abject creature before her belonged to the human race. " Oh! Ma-ma, there's a blackfellow ! Do . . look,? " , _ ' V"" ,'v . Dear ine Eaura ; so it is J How nice I " . Nice ? Indeed I think he is horrible." "So he is my.dear; now that I think of it,-he is quite horrible.1' " / .' That'B Quantong. mem!" piped Eliza, ?who happened to be passing, and who . thought she had chanced upon a good opportunity for inspecting that " D.P. man's " wife and daughter : " He is one of the Womra Blacks, as lives aside of Lake Boal down the river close on eight mile from 'ere. Old Quantong never goes down to the camp though: be keeps a'hanging round the puba." At the mention of his name, the black fellow looked up at the party, and seeing that he was the subject of conversation came shambling up to Mrs. King, cringing and fawning like a dog, and twisting his repulsive features into n. hideous leer intended for a smile. " Poor, poor Quantong !" said Mrs. King looking at him with pitiful eyes, and Quan tong's cunning told him the lady was "jackaroo" (green), and that he had sprung a mine of sympathy, which commo dity he resolved immediately to turn into beer. " Yes missyt poor, poor fellow Quaatoug I Bah-h-h poor beggar me; mine wantit money, bak-h-li! "My goodness!" exclaimed the lady; ' I'm sore he must be very bad ; I never saw a man ery like that before. Here poor fellow here are two pennies for you; go and buy something to eat." " Blackfellow-money bale good ; mine wantit whitefellow money; bale budgery this one !" " He says, black money no good. He wants silver," explained Eliza, and Mrs. King gave him sixpence, wherat Quantong's spirit seemed much revived, and hobbled straight to the hotel bar, and swallowed as much beer as the eightpence would buy. Scarcely had Quantong left the scene, when another aboriginal made his appear ance. He wore no clothing but a blanket which hung elantwise from his left shoulder aqross his chest and down to his knees. Unlike that of his " broder belongin to mine " Quantong, his skin though black was sleek and healthy. His greyish hair hung aljoufc a haughty throat, and tipped his square shoulders, w/mlst all his stature was a gracefnl tower 6f strength. His limbs though not large, w\sre BUch as artists love to look upon-neatly and tautly jointed, with knots of splendid muscles tapering to the knees and ankles. In one hand he held a small parcel, in the other a ponderous spear ; and, as he passed along the sandy roadway with graceful steps, his bearing was proud and princely; whilst at every stride his keen eyes flashed from earth to sky with electric speed. He: never trod but where his eyes had glanced, as though the earth were beset with serpents whereon he feared to step ; and yet, within the range of his keen vision nothing moved-living or inanimate-that escaped the arrows of his eagle glance. So unquenchable was the force of habit, that, as in days past, this stalwart warrior stalked his forest haunts so now he wandered through the haunts of civilisation. Ever watchful, ever wary, ,never fearful, but dauntlessly alert, he passed along the Queen's highway. A great delight kindled in Laura's soul, and all the romance of her nature leapt into life as she gazed upon this comely warrior. Here was a scion of the waning race who matched more fitly the ideal of her girlish fancy. In all her dreams of savage chivalry, she had garbed her warriors m a halo of heroism, but the wildest fight of her bold fanoy never pictured in the far-off cloud land, such a brave as this. In that moment of extravagant enthusiasm, Laura could have worshipped the new found hero for his savage dignity. As he passed along, his fierce eyes flashing, his grim, stern face unmoved, Mrs. King held forth a coin. Just for an instant the warrior paused ; he took the coin, spat upon it, and cast it at the donor's feet; then, casting upon her a fiery glance of scorn he went on his way. Such was the ferocity of that glance, that. Mrs. King sprang back uttering a low scream of terror, and even Laura trembled for an instant as she gazed upon her hero. " Lor, missus, you didn't oughter done that. That's Yuroka, the old King of the Womra tribe, and he never takes nothin* from nobody. Jiming 1 He's a-awfu: bushy chap, I tell yer." Laura may have feared her hero more, but she liked him none the less for his part of this little episode, and, as he left the scene, admiration drowned the momentary terror-an admiration unalloyed by any presentiment of future evils. One, and perhaps the most commonly accepted meaning of this word presenti ment is " forecasting of evil, or an ap prehensive foreshadowing on the mind of coming evil," and considered in this light the word becomes of doubtful entity; that is, as far as this applied signification goes, the word is probably without existence. Like the word ghost it is formed of letters, but, except to those who believe in spook and spectre, it is used to express a some thing, which is nothing. If the human mind is susceptible to premonitory warn ings and possesses the faoulty of predicting the disasters of futurity, why do men run into danger ? If this faculty exist at all, it must exist as a real and natural attribute of man, for it is hardly probable that th& Almighty, who is " no respector of persons," would suspend the laws of nature for the benefit of any particular human being at any particular time. Many so called remarkable instances are quoted in favor of the presentiment theory, but healthy judgments are bound to call them-not presentiments-but coincidences; and when we consider the vast number of human minds daily traversing the same sphere with.; incomputably ~ numerous outward incidences,'we cannot wonder that mind and matter should sometimes meet under peculiar circumstances, and we cease to regard these contacts as remarkable except for their seldom occurrence. ' :Whatever the future might hold in store for Laura King, at sweet seventeen she was by no means likely to become the subject of unfavorable comments. Those only who are perpetually subject to nervous apprehensions are liable to these continuous and multifarious feelings of chanoe occa sionally upon some unfavorable casting of the future. The healthy and vigorous young mind refused admission to any . of these fancies', which harrow up the soul's inward vessels; and as she gazed at the statue her thoughts dwelt on the delightful prospects of the past rather than on the grim prospects or the perils lurking amidst the heathenish solitudes.1 Yuroka's lithe form hovered in the distance, now in full view, now buried amongst the shadows; and when at length he parsed beyond her vision, Laura had no sentiments but those of sympathy and admiration-the admira tion which true heroism ever commands; that sympathy which is born of heraldic romance, ever attaches to the last true scion of a long ancestry, the one true relic of a dying race, the lone omega, of a long established people. (To be Continued.) \ ' 