2STE."EX>iLiEIS: Short, Sharp, and Shiny." Hi:—"It takes you a long time to decide, Mary." She—"Oh, I beg your pardon, Harry, but I was thinking where we would spend the honeymoon." Dull. Circus. Cloudy. "Eden." Pony races. Cyolorama. Myriorama. Pantomime. Jubilee Singers. " Continentals." A plucky rescue. " Forty Thieves." Intercolonial races. A family burnt out. A kanaka murdered. Dynamiters at work. Tragedy at Duneain. A fatal stabbing affray. A chapter of accidents. Robbery at Hawthorne. Furious gale at Auburn. Another boating fatality. An eviction at Newcastle. " Continental" to-morrow. Another Anarchist outrage. A cargo of tobacco burning. Fatal accident at Port Pirie. The Fisks are worth hearing. To-morrow is Innocents' Day. Explosion in a French church. Narrow escapes from drowning. Influenza prevalent at Balaklava. Tnree drowning cases in Melbourne. France and Russia embracing again. Terrible boating ratably in Sydney. Record-breaking in the Sydney court. Warm weather in Brisbane yesterday. Captain Heuniker left for England to-day. 20,000 copies of the Express sold yesterday. Lord Macaulay died on December 28, 185!). The Channel Squadron is to be. strengthened. Mr. W. R. Knox on silver and bimetallism. Two men arrested in Molbourna for murder. Great demand for the Advertiser this morn □g. 5,S00 people visited the Royal Tar on Sun day. Glowing accounts from the Murchison gold field. More police protection wanted at Peters burg. An exciting steeplechase at Fitzgerald's Circus. The Aye libel action will be continued to morrow. England is getting uneasy about the state of her navy. 117 drunks before the Sydney Police Court yesterday. Seven people drowned in Sydney Harbor yesterday. This is the feast of St. John, apostle and evangelist. England may soon have to face a coalition of the Powers. Judge Casey, of Victoria, wasborn on Christ- j mas Day, 1831. Heavy traffic on the trams on Saturday and' Christmas Day. j 15,000 people travelled on the Port line on Christmas Day. A splendid programme at to-morrow's 'Continental." j Master Fred Dunn ought to get the Humane Society's medal. Fitzgeralds' Circu3 took the audience by I storm last night. Go to hear the Jubilee Singers at once, as I the season is limited. Montgomery & Moreny's Circus will appear i at Gleneig to-morrow. A large number of "Christmas drunks" be fore the court yesterday. Dynamite has been discovered on board a line of American steamers. j Sir Robert Ross, Speaker of the Assembly,' died on December 27, 1887. ' Sir Charles Dilke i3 still preaching about England's maritime weakness. Active preparations are being made for a gala day at Gleneig to-morrow. A larger edition of the Advertiser than usual sold out this morning early. Superintendent Kennedy, the head of the Victorian Detective Force, is retiring. The Royal Tar will probably leave the Port wharf for the Semaphore this aftemuon. Petitions are being signed in Victoria for s commutation cf Mrs. Kuorr's death sentence. A company of Russian actors in Paris have been overwhelmed with money and other gifts. There is very little hope of floating the stranded steamer Tenterden at MaoDonuell "ay. A pleasant evening may be spent at the Town Hall, where the Fisk Singers appear to night. Montgomery & Moreny's Circus will make a final appearance at the Grc-iifbll- street grounds to-night. Earl Grey, K.G., was born on December 2S, 1S02. He is seven years and a day older than Mr. Gladstone. An infernal machine was thrown into a French church during midnight service on Christmas night. The miners residing on the 'CVallarah Coal Company's estate, near Newcastle, have been given notice to quit. Pollard's Liliputian Company at the Royal made a hit with the pantomime " Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves." The ICabyles have paid to the Sultan of Morocco £140,000 as indemnity for depreda tions caused by them. Mr. J. A. Hill, one of the pioneers who was present on Proclamation Day, 1830, will be present ab Gleneig to-morrow. Superinteudent Kennedy, of the Victorian police, has been presented with a watch. " If you want to kuow the time," &c.; The British Admiralty intend to strengthen the Channel squadron to a degree to which there has been no parallel in time of ptaoe. A Cheltenham lady has presented to the Church Sunday-school Institute a pair of spectacles which belonged to Robert Raikes. Madame de Alba is trying to recover £15,000 damages from the Federal Investment and Banking Company for injuries sustained in a lift accident. A doctor related how he had, with brilliant success, restored the sense of hearing to a man who was deaf from his birth. " And what were Ilia impressions?" "The noises he heard affected him so terribly that ho became deaf again immediately." The servants and visitors at Hampton Court Palace still insist that " ghosts" of superbly dressed women, supposed to be Henry VIII.'a wives, haunt the rooms. A night watchman in the grounds is said to have been so alarmed at the sight of an apparition that he has resigned his post. "Ye may weel say that the ways o' Pro vidence are wunnerlui," remarked a cauDy crofter in the island of Hoy to the viriting catechist. The last time ye was here I was mournin' the loss o' ma wife, who had jist dee'd o' the decline; and ma-coo had gone ower the craigs the week afore that. Weel sir, since syne, I took heart o' grace an' gaed ower the firth to Stroma, and noo 1 hae got a far bonnier wife, and wi' her, as tocher, a far better coo. Deed, ay, sir, the ways o' Pro vidence are wunnerfu'." 