OUURENT TOPDC8. " SHREDS and Patches" in this week's Tasmanian contains "The Leviathan and Saint Tom," a lay of a Melbourne Cup; Jumpkins, Breezyrile, and Bobington, a story of an art union; the Herr and the Barracker; the Hearthstone Ghost, a tale of the Hoba:rt Hospital, the Man who could not appreciate Shakespeare; the Time to Strike the Back Blocks; the Timely Interjection at Ross, and other matter. THE Parliamentary Debating Society will hold its usual meeting in the Me. chanics' Institute this evening. The Pre. mier will move for the appointment of a committee to confer with Ministers with reference to the arrangements for bring. ing the session to a close at the end of the present month. The debate on the resolution affirming the desirableness of centralising the police will then be pro. ceeded with, and will probably occupy the remainder of the sitting. A MEETING Of justices residing in the Selby district was held at the police court yesterday for the purpose of revising the valuation roll for the district for 1894, There were present Messrs F. Archer (chairman), Winm. Bernes, J. T. Sale, I, Edgell, J. Lamont, W. W. Fox, W. C(. Grubb, J. Somerville, W. H. Valentine, and C. B. Grubb. The amended roll was submitted by Superintendent Armstrong, and the alterations therein approved. RAWEr, the Maori evangelist, will give an entertainment entitled " Mauri Music, Song, and Story," in the Mechanics' Insti. tute on Monday and Tuesday. This per. former is at present appearing in the southern capital, and the press reports speak well of his capabilities. Previous to his visit to this colony Rawei made a tour through Maoriland, in the chief towns of which he met with hearty receptions. The following extract from the Oamear Mail will give some idea of the nature of the entertainment :-" Rawei is naturally brimful of anecdotes of his people, and gave a vivid description of their habits, super. stitions, religions, and little idiosyncrasies, illustrated by a running fire of humorous and pathetic anecdotes. His easy eloquence quite astoc.ished his audience, who evinced the utmost appreciation of his entertain ment. Not the least attractive feature of the evening was the singing, Rawei's beautiful Maori ballads being not only quaint to European ears, but as rendered by him, extremely musical." THE absence of Mr A. I. Clark from the House of Assembly for the past fortnight or so has caused some comment. Mr Clark (says the Mercury) has been suffering from a severe attack of influenza, which confined him to his bed several days in succession. His occasional appearances on the front Opposition bench were attempts to fight against the attack, and probably prolongtd it, but he is now recovering. THE usual monthly meeting of the Chalmers Church band of Hope was held last evening, when there was a fair atten. dance. Mr D. Storrer occupied the chair. An interesting programme of songs, instru mental selections, recitations, and addresses was given by the following :-Mrs Brunton, Misses Pattile and Murphy, Messrs Fyshe, Scrymgeour, Gayer, J. Shepherd, and the chairman. Several of those present signed the pledge at the close of the meeting. THERE was a good attendance at the Memorial Church last evening, when the usual monthly meeting of the Sunday school Band of Hope was held. Miss Reed occupied the chair, and Miss Clerk acted as organist. The following programme was very credit. ably gore through :--Recitations, Misses L. Edmunds, and Miller, Masters W. Heaslip, G. Reeves, and E. Smith, Messrs Britten, Broomby, and Hawkinsa; reading, Miss Ethel Wilson; longs, Misses A. M'Manis, E. Corea, J. Burgess, and Mr W. Fysh. A duet by the Misses Clark, and an address by Mr R. Blair concluded the meeting. MR W. H. WILrLIrs, M.A., will deliver his last lecture this evening in the Mechanics' Institute in connection with the University extension series. A FULL dress rehearsal of " Les Cloches de Corneville" took place on the stage of the Academy of Music last evening. The performers acquitted themselves in a manner which augurs well for the success of Monday night's production. The dresses looked bright and attractive, and the various dances added to the generally ph acing effect produced. Ova Ross correspondent writes under Tuesday's date:-When visiting Horton College recently Mr Steer called my atten. tion to a peculiar yellow powder that had fallen during the heavy rain on Monday evening, resembling sulphur. I believe the latter intends torwarding a sample of the powder to Mr Morton, the curator of the Museum at Hobart, for analysis. I understand that it has only been seen in the vicinity of the college. A vEnRY ileasant time was passed on Monday evening at a social arranged under the auspices ot the Westbury Brass Band. The attendance (writes a correspondent) was beyond expectations, visitors being present from Hagley, Deloraine, Carrick, and the surrounding districts, and the financial result was also a pleasing feature. Refreshments had been thoughtfully pro. vided by kind lady friends interested in the band, and were handed round about 11i o'clock. The hall bore evidence of beinl neatly decorated, and the arrangements for the visitors were very complete. Mr W. Boutcher efficiently officiated as M.C. Mr W. Henry Davey creditably performed the duties of secretary. The music was supplied by Mrs Scott and Miss Ethel Best (piano), Mr Plumbridge (violin), and the band under the able conductorship of Mr W. Hodkinson. A vocal item by Miss Bertna Lawson was much appreciated. The officers of the local detachment of the Meander Rifles honoured the assemblage by their presence. " A 'oB usoAsTRALIAN," in the Eicorecat Mail of the 9lh inst., writes: - Sir Edward Braddon has received, or is about to receive, some photographs of takes of Tasmanian salmon on the Great Lake. He will distribute these, sending some to the court of the cclony at the Imperial Insti tute, and some to the principal sporting papers, not forgetting, of course, the Field. I hear, too, that Sir Edward will bring these as illustrations inte his book on sport, which is to be issued by Messrs Blackwood, and of which the initial portion will appear in Blackwood's'Magazine next month. The Agent-General for Tasmania is at present engaged in calling for tenders for the electric lighting of Launceston. Messrs Siemens Bros., the eminent electrical engineers, have, I understand, taken the matter up. Mr and Mrs Patterson have just started on their return to Tasmania, .via the United States and Japan, so that their friends moot not reckon on seeing them for some time yet. THE usual weekly meeting of the St. Andrew's Literary Association was held last evening, the Rev. J. Lyle presiding. Mr J. Powell read an interesting essay on "Hero worship," and at its close Mr F. Tyson spoke briefly on the subject, and congratulated the essayist upon the manner in which he had dealt with his material. Papers on the same subject were read by Messrs A. R. Wisem,:n and H. J. Tomhinson, and Messrs G. C. Edwards and Alex. Webster made short speeches thereon. The Rev. J. Lyle expressed the pleasure he had experi- enced during the evening, and congratu- lated those who had taken part. A hearty vote of thanks having been accorded the essayists, and replied to by Mr Powell, the meeting closed. On Friday evening next the association will engage in an alder- manic election. As on previou- days, the petitions which are to be presented to the Assembly and Legislative Council against the Launcestcn Light and Water Supply Bill again ob- tained a large number of signatures yester- day. When the petitions were called in at midday it was found that 1361 signatures were appended to the petition to be pre- sented to the Assembly, while to the one to go before the Counc;1 there were 1350. In the two petitions there was stated to be 541ft of actual signatures. On the opening of Parliament to day the petition to the Lower House will be presented by the hon. William Hartnoll, while that to the Upper House will be entruwted to the care of the hen. H. I. Rooke for presentation. A smoxKIs concert was held at the Tamar Yacht Club's house last evening, when a large number of members of the club and their friends put in an appear ance. The hall was gaily decorated, the popular skipper of the bark Decapolis, Captain Candler, lending flags and Mr G. T. Collins the lamps for that purpose, while Mr George Shields lent material for coevering in a space around .he club house. Messrs Scott and Griffit' s sent up some of their brew, and generally the committee was liberally assisted. A well-arranged programme of songs and recitations was gone through, while Mr P. Tebbs gave some of his best banjo solos. Mr J. F. Rushfirth presided at the piano. In the absence of the commodore, Captain W. R. Barwocd, the vice-commodore, Warden Robert J. Sadler, presided, and made a capital chairman. A very enjoyable even. ing was spent, every one being well pleased with the arrangements. MoR D. Wonsoe, the Government dairy expert, who has just returned from his visit to England and the Continent, on Monday (says the Age) opened several cases of English apples and tins and casks of Danish and English butter, which he brought with him to show Victorians how they ought to pack fruit for export and what they have to compete against in the old country in the matter of butter. The display was made in the new auction rooms of Messrs C. W. Gray and Co., William street, in the presence of a number of fruit growers, including Mr Draper, of Arthur's Creek,YMr Boyce and Mr Nielson, of the Horticultural Society, and representative dairymen. Six different kinds of apples were opened, viz., the Dunmelow Seedling or Wellington, Ithe New Harthornden, the Lord Suffield, the Gooseberry, the Stose Pippin or Loddington, and the Celma. It was found that only about one per cent. were deteriorated, and the fruitgrowers present admitted that they had been taught a lesson. It was proved to them that shipping could be begun earlier, say in January, and that the packing should be done on the flat, in two or three, instead of six and seven, tiers of fruit. The Lord Suffield apples are our earliest, and if they were packed so as not to become bruised, a good market could be found for them in England. Mr Wilson said the best style of packing wa- that in which the corra. gated paper bandages were used. There were samples of frozen, chilled, and tinned butter opened. All present tasted and approved of the English frozen article, whilch was of exceptionally fine flavour. Mr Wilson will report officially on the test to the Minister of Agriculture this week. MR R. G. GRIEVE, dentist, will visit Deloralse on Thursday next and may be con sulted from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Nugent's Hotel. TnE annual meeting of the Longford Union Cricket Olub will bh hold at the Foresters' Hall, Longford, this evening, at eight o'clock. FOR more than forty years, Ayer's Cherry Pectoral has been sucoessfully prescribed in cases of consumption. This medicino always affords great relief in pulmonary diseases. Ask your druggist for it. BAD BLooD.-The editor of the Famcily Doc tor says :-" We have seen behoets of letters in which the writers acknowledge the benefit they have received from Clarke's wonderful Bloo. Mixture, which as a curative agent cannot be too highly estimated, sines it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities. If the blood is diseased the body Is dicensed. Clarke's Blood hlixture is a medicine of the greatest possible value, and it is certainly tho finest blood purifier that science and skill have brought to light. We can with the utmost con fidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally.'--The Feamiy Doctor. July 16, 1892. For Secofula, Scury,t Eczema, Skin, and Blood Diseases, and Sores of all kinds it is a never-failing and permanent cure. It Is the only real specifio for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes t;he cautse from the blood and bones. Of Chemists, eta., everywhero at 2s 9d and l1 per bottle. Thousands of testimonials from all parts. C.sution-PunonAssEBs of OaLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE should see that they get the genuine article. Worthless Imitations and substitutes are sometimes palmed off by unprincipled vendors. The words " Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lin cola, Eogland," are engraved on the Govern ment Stamp, and " CLARKE'S WOaLD-PAarED BLOOD MIXTURE " blown in the bottle, without which none are genmne. 