Home Rule. Tub peers have treated the Government of Ireland Hill as their House has over treated all progressive measures, Hid they treated it otherwise they would have given a sign tlmt they arc beginning to learn something, and to forget some- thing. They lmve acted up to the tradi tions and tho history of their House, so that if tho enemies of it wiBh to find an added argument uguib.it 'the continued existence of the House of Lords on its present basis they have it ready to hand. How strange some of my lords must have felt within tliut gilded uhamber. The business of that Houbu can he carried ou by fivo members ; and often is. l'eers need not attend to retain their scuts ; some of thorn never attend. They had to he hunted up to oppose the repeal of tho corn laws, they could not ho persuaded to attond to oppose tho Factory Acts. Thoy were in great force to oppose the Reform Bill of 1836 ; and like ghosts from their graves they eoino forth to op pose Home !Rulq. There id little wonder that they should, whon their connection with Ireland is remembered ; and when it is considered what may happen to their descendants,, as absentee Irish landlords. Tho history of Home llulo for Ireland dates book to the reign of Henry 11. No one should venture to speak oracularly of Ireland unless ho knows its history from that date. Those who have plundered t,ho unlinppy people of that country for all the years since then not unnaturally have desired to forget tho ' past if thoy could ho allowed to do. Will their descendants diegnvge the plunder? Then they might feel easier and be able to forgot. It js not only absurd to the degree of insanity, it is also in vain to sup pose that a people whoso successive generations have kept up a war some times amounting to a struggle for exis tence, will now Bit down. under aCnereion Aot. What may become of the Govern ment of volenti Bill only the prophets can toll us ; but no gift of prophecy is needed to say that, tho agitation for local government in Ireland will be move lively than over.. By a substantial majority a House of Commons, consisting of mem bers gathered from the United Kingdoms, which opponents of Homo Rule have said must remain united as thoy arc, has said that Ireland ehull linvo Homo ltule. What does it avail in one breath to say that' these kingdoms must remain united as thoy are, hat that wo must always allow tho votes of the English members to determine all crucial questions ? Those who plead for that, and at the same time object to. the' presence of Irish repre sentatives at Westminster, do not appeur to seo that they are blowing hot and cold out of the same mouth and at the same moment. The arguments for and against Homo Rule aro legion in number. Some timber-headed persons object on the ground that it will alter the constitution. Tho Aot which merged the Kingdom of Ireland in those of Great Britain muBt have altered theJconBtitution with a ven geance. Tho Government of Ireland Bill would, partly alter it back to what it was before. What is tho British constitution ? It is the form of law and government at this moment existing. It is ultered every sossion of tho Imperial Parliament, and there is no obligation, not to alter it. The common, sense viewfof Homo Rule for Ireland, or for any other country, is that where a community is Biiflioiontly numerous, ' where its interests ; aro suffi ciently integral and distinctive, there and to that extent should he granted self- government. Ireland answers well enough to these conditions. Where com munities are found so grouped geographi cally and so united'industriplly that thoy have many interests in common ; to that extent they should have ,u- common gov ernment. These conditions are answered in the present relations of the United Kingdoms. There 'aro ' two warnings > which ought to bo heeded. Serious news- papers say that undor- Homo ' Ride tho. Irish people will tlio ; out; \ Do- the oppohento'of'Horae Rule desire to prevent thnt insult?- .; The other terrible ftal% is that under Home Rule the Irish priest hood will lose their power over- ';their people. Do the opponents of Homo Rule desire to avert that -calamity ? : Perhaps , the best thing that can be said in favour of Homo Rule is that hardly' anything can bo worso than the go /eminent of tho past, A change might be for tho bettor. The proposed cbangs is hedged about with Buoh restrictions that it cannot do much harm ; possibly, it may do Bomegood. So far as Australians aro concerned it is notable to find them opposed to it, cspeoially those of them who so recently formed a national party to obtain Australia's inde pendence. At tho heud of that party, by the way, the Premier was placed. Such; persons genorally are sufficiently non plussed it asked, " How would you feel if you were in Ireland ?" The ad hominsm argument is the only one that appeals to them ; whereas occasionally it is necessary to think of wliut is good- in itself, benefioiul for tho largest number, and essential to tho . right of those who demand it. 