THE HAPPIEST TIME. Two futile little questions have lately occupied persons who scribble, and who have not always a hand.y subject to scribble upon. Bricks we must make, often without straw. " One problem proposed is, whether childhood or maturity is the happier time I An other, "At what historical event would you like best to have been present I" The former question is particularly void. There is no universally happiest time. One may have been a poor child, and become a rich man: a clever child and later a stupid man; a lucky child and an unlucky man; or these circum stances may be reversed. One will have most enjoyed the period when one had least of care, most health, and most of one's own way. To some these advantages will fall at one period of life; to others, at another. If there is more zest in youth there is also keener disappointment. "Not 'to admire or desire," is a lesson we learn late, if we learn it at all. A spoiled holiday in boyhood, a rainy day for a cricket match, may be a considerable misfortune; in a few years we can whistle o'er "The lave o't." I don't know that I was ever so near suicide as when I was captain of a school second eleven, which got beaten by another school As to cares and sor rows, what life is without them I One has known babies who were prema ture pessimists, who never smiled, who were as insatiably anxious to get hold of the moon as a foolish man is to make more money, or a wise man to catch a salmon. There was always a pin vexing those babies, somewhere; their dinner conspicuously disagreed with them. Though they did not look before and - after, they seemed to pine 'for what is not, or is not attainable. St. Augustine admits that, as far as he has heard, he was a baby of this kind, with a fiendish temper. This he sets down to original sin ; I presume science explains it by heredity, and is followed in this by the novels of cheap culture. As we grow a little older we do not arrive at an age necessarily happy, even if we have plenty to eat, and are kindly treated. I have known a little girl of six carry jealousy to a pitch worthy of the most frantic and foolish grown-up woman; her uncle got married, and she resented this desertion, being un acquainted with the still extant legal obstacles to her passion. The sorrows of children may not last very long, but they are as keen as ours, and one is followed by another. Superstitiouns terrors prey on the minds of small boys and girls. Some have a mysterious power of seeing frightful visions; nor can they divide the subjective from the objective, the actual from the illusion. The only comfort is that they may develop into persons of genius, poets, or romancers; but to this com fort (if it be one) they do not look for ward. I never saw any visions, but my memory was so richly stored with "ghaists and bar-ghaists, devils and boggies," as a Scottish writer quaintly says, that night was an agitating time. Even now I hate a haunted house (though I never saw a ghost in such a mansion, except, perhaps, one), and I keep looking out for a Luminous Boy, or a shrill Banshee. In childhood this was a severe sorrow, and it is very common. As to school life, it was simply detestable, if you were small and studious-studious, of course, in the wrong way. To be a good cricketer, and in good health, must make boyhood really the happiest time in existence. But to be a muff, that is awful I Then lessons are a frightful scourge. The mere aspect of a gram mar carries me back to the day when 1 neither could nor would learn it, and was in constant danger of corporal punishment, which I never could stand. I loathed being licked, but I loathed grammar more, and that detestable Virgil. How little he had to say, one thought, and in what a roundabout way he said it I Then history, such good reading when you were obliged to read it, really could not be endured when it was made compulsory. Boyhood at school was a perfect Gehennau, till one acquired some appreciable amount of skill with .the leather, and in the classics. The holidays were another matter. Oh. to be fourteen, with a loch full of sea trout for your private recreation :these were the really happy times. As to youth, I suppose that many people have so mismanaged the con temporary affairs of the heart, that they really might as well have been back among irregular verbs. Nobody knows what young people go through in this way, or some of them. Perhaps tlie happiest time is that when a man, or. lad, has left school and all its horrors behind him, has got through smalls, has not yet got into debt, is not in love and is in the'middle of his first summer term at one of the Univer sities. It requires a rare genius for misery not to be happy then. After that, one age is much like another, and happiness depends on health, character, and circumstances. The happiest person I ever knew was an old Irish woman who swept a crossing. AndI never knew a person whom one could really call happy who was not sincerely religious; the form of creed seems to make no difference. Of course one cannot convert the proposition, and say that all sincerely religious people are happy. A happy temperament is the gift of heaven, but it needs a found ation of belief. The problem of the happiest period in the individual life is like that of the happiest stage of civilisation in the life of the race. Mlr. Boswell voted for savagery. Dr" John son for Fleet Street and Streatham. In savagery you have no social in equalities; you all starve or all gorge together. But you very often starve; you are always in danger of a spear from the nearest bu I, and you are at school your whole life long as far as being tortured and bullied, for religious reasons, is concerned. There are scores of harmless things which you maynot do, scores of filthy and horrilble things which you are obliged to do, and you are ever in danger of being tor tured to death and eaten afterwards. Sharks, serpents, lions, tigers, interfere with the happy life. 