Freemasonry. COPPIN LODGE. The annual Installation of the Coppin Lodge took place at the Caledonian Hall, Weston-street, East Brunswick, on Thursday evening last. Bro. John McGregor Dawson was chosen and installed in the chai. of King Solomon. The Installation Ceremony was conducted by P.M. Bro. WVriglht, ably assisted by P.M. Bro. Pew and P.M. Bro. Ferguson. The work of P.M. Bro. Pew was really a treat and was listened to with great earnestness; indeed his words seemed to come forth as though they were in spired, and the brethren were right when they .said "he was a shining light in Freemasonry." About 75 brethren were present, amongst whom were many distinguished visitors. During the ceremony, the retiring W.M., Bro. Leslie, was presented with a handsome jewel by the brethren of the Lodge. Bro. Leslie thanked the brethren with a few well-chosen re marks for the gift. The following officers were invested : W.M.-Bro. John McGregor Dawson. S.W.-Bro. J. White. J.W.-Bro. D. Dick. S.D.-Bro. Pleasance. J.D.-Bro. J. Childs. ; i.G.--Bro. J. Heeps. ·Pti reasuire.-BiroJ. Millivard.0 Secretary.-P.M. Bro. Shepherd.' Tyler.-P.M. Bro. Powell. On completion of the Lodge duties, an adjournment was made for refresh ments. The first toast of the evening was " The Queen and the Craft," with musical honors; followed by the toast, " The Grand Master and Officers." Bro. Aitkin then sang " The Boat swain's story," with a good sailing swing. I.P.M. Bro. Leslie proposed, tihe health of the newly installed " Wor shipful Master." Bro. Cook followed with a recitation entitled, " How Mrs. Murphy got her black eye," which was given in a most comical natural style. The W.M., Bro. Dawson, in re sponding to the toast, said that he thanked the brethren for the honour able position they had placed him in, and trusted that his term of office would be a success. It would ever be his aim to uphold the prestige of Masonry, and lie hoped at the expir ation of his term of office, he would be enabled to hand over the trust con veyed to him, pure and unsullied. " The Installing Masters," -was ably proposed by Bro. Rev. Metcraft, and responded to by P.M. Bro. Wright. Bro. Aitken again obliged with a song entitled, " The.Press Gang." P M. Bro.- Wright proposed the toast of "The Immediate Past MaIter," followed.by a.N.S.W. Flutter. Bro. Egglestone Tsang " The Ghost Song "in a very able manner. I P.M. Bro. Leslie in responding to the toast; said he thanked the brethren for the appreciation shown for his services during his term of office. He had been ably assisted by his officers, and as I.P.M, he hoped to give the same satisfaction as he had done as W.M. Bro. Garrood then sang " Never Look Behind," in a very able and effective way. The toast of the " Visitors" was enthusiastically received, and ably responded to by Bro. Jarrett of New South \Vales. Bro. Cook then rendered " Drifting down the hill of life," the chorus of wlhich was heartly sang by the brethren. " The Officers of the Coppin Lodge" was proposed by the \\.M. and responded to oy Bro. I)ick. Bro. Smith recited very fcclingly " On the road to Heaven," and wa, deservedly applauded. Several other toasts were honored during the evening, including the last, but not the least, that of the TI'ylers, which was proposed by P.M. Bro. Powell in his usual sympathetic manner. The catering was of a first class nature, and too nluch praise cannot be given to Bro. A. Williams, for the manner in wlhich lie carried out his arrangements. U. wee milell believe rnot i I'5rovideloe, ereef,:'re they do o, greeliiy scrapl and stuer.; they do not bclieve any "rward for ,harity, therefore they will part with no Shling. Native ability without education tr like a ;ree which bears no fruit, 