BBITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS t I Ifuoji oun' kxouanoss.I ! ' London, Docomlior 29. ; A torriblo accident occnrred yostdnlny in tlio tnnnal now being constructed botwaan Long Island and tlio City of Now York. Whilst thawing a numhor of fiozon dynzmito cartridges I hoy exploded with terrific force, destroying tlio tnonel for a greet distance, wrecking tho: post offico in the vidnity, and eariously sink ing tlio housoB witliio a considerable radius, smashing windows and injuring furniture. Six men and three w'uinen wore killed, eighteen others being seriously injured. One man was lying on a sofa at the time of the. accident, nnd bis throat wiie cut by falling glass. Sjvorul others lost "arms, and in soino oases, the eyes of the unfortunate victims were destroyed. The advance in consols— the quotation being £98— is mainly due to n largo num ber of French institutions transferring gold to England, fearing a political crisis in connection with the Panama Canal Com pany scandals. The rebellion in the provinco of Cor- riontee, Argentina, is assuming, serious proportion'. News received at Dubno- Ay res stat-s that tlio rebols have twice fought and defeated tho local troopi ho idoil by tho govornor ot tho provinco. A strung detachment of troops is boing smt from Bnonos Ayres to crush tlio rebellion. Bonapartist and Boulangist agents are vory nctivo in tho French provinces, urging the poaeen's to got rid of tli- regimo which despoils thorn. Tho 'A bar-' oldsts are alto very energetic, and intend appealing lo the army an behulf of thiir parte. Russia refuses to go to arbitration on .the aetien of Boumania in firing -on' a llussinn vossol in thu Olga, wlii'st attempt ing to ovade the clioloru quur.intino regu lations. The Roumanians are indignant at tlio action of liussia, aod serious Compli cations are feared. Furlliur reports rocoivod stito that very heavy woitlier, inoluding ico s orm, bus been experienced in the Atlantic, tho ships being covered with ice. ; It is boHqwnl-i"— D- «--rrt6 oxplo- -wu—oiruyni mite which wrockoil lie uiuura uv hiw i ivtwtvt i umuo uu xiiureiluy night was the aot of a discbargod polico- man.; 3 : Another shacking tragedy is reported from Monte Carlo. Two gamblers,3 after. I sing all th.-ir monoy at the tables, com mitted suicide last night. ' . It if reported tliut Mr J.i 3 Jlorloy, Chief Secretary of Ireland, lias received an anonymous lottor threatening to murder The Bristol magistrates have granle i a summons eg linst Mr Bon Tillot, tlia labor leader, on a oliargo of iboiting ihe Bristol dock Inbsror- to commit a riot on Christ mas Day. ' l: ' ' 1 '' I - Mr Hogan, tho Australian author, has issuod his biography of Lord Shurbrooko .It contains many interesting facts nf Do- colonial career of di-coused whilst Iiobert Lowe, supplied by Mr Daniel Cooper who admits that some vours ago bo acted ai Mr Lowe's Parliantontary "ghost"— tiio worker' tip of his fiuts. Tlia oiiw graphor states I hat some years ngi L-.rd Slierbrooko info'ined Mr Cooper lie believed lie nvsno'l £30,0(10 wortli of prepurt' in Now South Walos, Lu Mr fhjgnn stab b on tile uuihority of Mr Gladstonn iliit do. ceased was nevor iator.stbl in 'squ'iitlns in Australia, though bis cousin wae a part- nor of the lata Mr Neil Black. : \V. WillianiB, tbe Australian pugiU-t; fought a draw lust night with ; Wliito, the American pugilist, in San Franoiseo. . Tho match was rloclurod a draw after tliirty-tliroe rounus iiuU Ocen rouglit. Mr Arnold Furster, tlu journdist and author, vory narrowly ' escqpeil I eiug drowned yestorday whilst rescuing a friend who had brokea through the ice whou kitting. -j, j ' '' " The council of tho Colonial , Institute are urging that greater proiuinenco bo givoo to the taaohing of colonial: history in tlio public and middlc-clsss schools of Great Britain. . ' A kanquut will bo pivon on March 1 to co'ebrato tin twouty- fifth annivmsirv of tho foun ling of the Colonial Institute: Lord Rosobory, Secretary of State for Foioign Affairs, will preside. At tho conn-martial of Roar-'Admirai Fairfax, commander of the 'Channel fleet, for tho stranding of H.M.s. Howe ai Forrol, Corunna Harbor, it -was . shown that the R-ar-Adin'ral was laying a dan gerous courso whon entering . Forrol Channel, as opened by the Warlon hydro- grapher, but bo doubted the wisilqm of the oourse set. A( a meeting of the Brili-h Channc Tunnel Company- — to construct a lunn I from Dover to Cabii — bald to-duv, Sit E. Wutkio, who prodded, accused Air J. Chamborlai'1, whilst I'roaiilout : of the Board of Trado, ia 1886, of rqililesi. tyrannical, and uiiouiieablo qoqduct in stopping tho vgprt; of tlio company'.' Ho a un dedl'rOd that the opposition to tho soltomo of tlio Duko of Cainbridgo, Ooui- Aander-in-Oliief of iho Briiisli Army was moomprehonsiblo. Lady Jnrsoy Ins writton to tlio ;t \'in oontli Century " un acoouut nf tier litre - weeks' visit to Samoa, in 'which sho dc- soritios'an inter sting visit pai I ooorolli- lo Miitaafa Uor Ladyship expresses sym pathy with. Muliotea, ail I stales that Mataafa wishes to bo reeot.eilud to Maliutun. : Deormber 30. It is ropartod - that tlio Right Bov Michaol Logon, Arcliliishop of Arinngh," has hoen crested a Cardinal, instead of Arohhishop Walsh, of Dublin, b 'causo tlio In t or fallen to riroiiml»uto in irnlnnd nn iinporlnnt decision uf the 1'opa in regard to Irish aff ins. For cargoes of now Australian wbont, far nary sliiiini,.nt, s0ll"rs ask 32', (in 1 diiyurs offer .'lis p,.r qsnih u.f.i Smith Aitsiraliiin wli-st nx wurolio isp, is firinor nt 33s 6(1 per JOGib; ex warohauso Vic torian who it is also firmer at 33s, and New Znaliin I is firm nt 32s. Tho tin market is quiet, S|rails tin on Thursday boing quoted at £90 10s por ton, ror dolivorv in thron months. Tho. tea is now in oxeutlont condition for Hknting, nnd there wore nlinn't 60,000 skalurs out to-day in Hio Lnmlon parks. . Dceomber 31. The Umbria has arrivod at Now York. Slio fraoturad hor shaft during a heavy galo, nnd an nttnmpt mado to towo hor: liv a passing ktenmor failed. Tlio shaft wu's then repaired and slio proceeded, on hor voyage slowly. A parli-in of tho V'ctnri m buttor, forwarded by tho B.M.s. Orizihi, Ipn linnn nolrl,1 ' .factory' made- at £5 12s' to £5 18s por ewt, and dairy mado at £5 'per owt. . ' Tlio action brought by Messrs W.i N. White and Onmpnny, the London fruit 'inerelnints; against tlio insurance com panies tn recover tlio vahto of tlio applos damaged on bnard tlio bb. Port Pirio, whioli broke down while on Ills homo- ward voyage and had to land a por lion of Ihe psrgo at Monte Video wliilo ropairj were being elfoetod, has lieon postponed pending the decision of the adjuster as tn whether tlio fruit retnovod at Monte Video was included . ia tlio geoornl a'vornge. If lis decides th it it was, then iho lindorwriters will pay tlio bnlnnoo of tlio insurance mnnov. messrs. iv. n. ivniio nnq . Gompaiiy linvo hronght three hundred tons of Capo grapes, which are to arrive in London in February next. The doath ia annoitncod of Dr Faiking, of tho Yorkshire Oollogo. Mrs Mavbrick's . roosnt serious illness was , dno to an attempt to commit suirido by pricking hor lungs with needles. : Tlio French statistics of pnpulatioo fnr tlio year, just published, show thuttlie excess of doallis ovor births for tlio year sup'ii'ited to 10,091 nnd would have :ueen 19,000 biit for tlio sxcoss of births inver doatlis of foreigners temporarily residing in Franco. Another fatal accident has occurred from dynamite. Whilst thawing 'stimo dynamite cartridges in Stroudsburgli, United States, tlioy oxplodod, four persons bsing killed, Tliore is a general iiuprassian lliat Mr Clayeliiud, tlio President elect, has dccidod not to t-ummon Congress to- gothor till tlio Bimiinn. Mr Clianllcr olinirm in of tlio Unitu-I Stutes Ooiinnit eo of Immigration, advocates thu total ms- pension of iuimigratlon noxt yea-, and that striogent rules bo on forced against nil immigration to the United Biuies in future. The New York "Sun " stale' tint President Harrison has determined to striku u final blow, prior to leaving office, at Canada, by abolishing tlio loug- oatablisliod priiilcge c-njoyoil by Oann- «'ian railways in transporting in bond morchanalso landud at Now York through tlio United States lo Canada' freo of duty. _ A' serious" outbreak of cholera lias occurred' nt Gr (valines. In- the depa'tuiont of Nord, nsnr Oilais. Tliu . Iri-li National . Leaguo of , Groat Britain ll.v- irened n mnnirosto, in wlib-li Ilioy deplore tliu dynamite outrage in Dunlin, an (' declare thai die anti Home Ru'ere are tlio only section of die Irish penpta . who liavo not joinoil in their piotedations uf tlio dctesiadon of tbo crime. A parcel onnluining 21b of blast ing powder was disnovored this morning at tlio nassiuunt of Butliminos Cliapol, pile I rtF.ll....l.igrwir.r,/rt,wn ,-m "Uuu.in " IllQ-J wan nn fugs . ultqohod to tlio ptjwdor. -1 Gnlignoni'a Atessenger," a general newB- papcr pu dished in Pans, to day publishes tlis reported confession of Murphy, a Dublinor, who admi'a that ho is the author of the Dip lin outrage It h boliovoil that the Oomto ' do : Paris his telegraphol to the Duo d'Orleaos— tho 'recognised' -head of tlio Orlca iets— who i i« .now un u hunting expedition in Africa,, to returniiiiiuiediitoly to Europe. All tliu innjcontont sections in Paris uro very aolivo, un I grqtt uneasiness rexists ia ill- pnb'ia mind, a revolution of a more: or loss s rinus cnnrncter being ioarud. ' A manifesto has been issuod in Pari t urging' llio Anurcliists to take possession of 3 the streets anil twist 'tho " n-oka .of tlio bour- gnosio and capitiilisls The Socidiete liavu nlsn issued an appeal to tlio wurkiog elasBos to ruvi'0 ,tlio Oimstitutinn in a tuinnor that will eheok tlio turpitude of tlio existing regimo. January 1, , A receiver lias bom appointed to re : eeive tlio mousy imp Minded hy ih i pO'lul .iiitliorilio' in conq-clion with the missing word cornpetitinns, . ,A fiereo tight occurred yesterday for lie p'-ssesdnn of gold-miniog claims at -i'di Jua-i, Colorado, eleven uf the disput into being kiliwl. 