POLITICAL & SOCIAL NOTES. To many people in Sydney the suspension of the Commercial Bank did not cause surprise. It was pretty well known a fortnight ago that some of the directors contemplated the. reconstruction of the institution, and: that, therefore, its doors might be closed afc any time. And when it was reported that the. directors did not desire that a proclähmtion should be issued by the Government, making the notes of the banka legal tender, it was taken for granted that a decision had been arrived at to reconstruct. Very considerate has the Sydney press been of this bank, as. well as of the others that closed their doors. Every day the several papers announced in their commercial columns that , the stock of the Bank was being offered oh the Exchange for JESU per share ; but all tile Editors knew that during the ten days preceding suspen- sion, hundreds of shares could have .been purchased for £40 or £50 each. Indeed, there were few buyers at any price. The general distrust was so great that capitalists had no desire to invest in the stock of any bank. No' one can blame them, and especially when it is considered that'-the public were entirely ignorant concerning the real value ' of the' securities possessed by the banks. . All the information they had on the subject was. that contained in the balance' sheets, ' but ' such documents are not always1 ''thoroughly; reliable.., . .'\ ... , '. j.-,??>',,,',? WHEN one thinks of the resources, ot'the' Commercial. Bank, as explained.,.iu::its,last balance sheet, ono must feel .thati'lfithe securities were: as valuable us represented;! the bank should haye been able/ tó'w'ea'thér, the storm. One niillit)n"sterling,'sp/theyman^ agers say, was withdrawn from, its' coffers,., and . that was the reason why the suspension took place. But to such, ah' institution !a million is hot a large suth." Provided;, ifc/was' in a thoroughly safe position,- the directors could have easily arranged to .get a) large quantity of gold from England, to meet' the ran,'which' in all probability would'hot haye extended to another million. ' Or theypouidy have arranged with the Government :to put. in force tho Bank Issue Act, and thus ob- tained tho right of paying depositors in notes instead of coin. Tho inference ; froni "their conduct is'that the securities bf the¡bank", are. less valuable than the public were lead' to believe they were. And doubtless this' infer- ence is correct. Everybody knows that' dur- ing the last year or two nearly every kind Of real property has greatly depreciated; in, value. Station properties especially:,have, gone down, and it hos been difficult to > dis- pose of thom at any price. ? ' . MOST unfortunate aro the people who bought the, Commercial,'Bank shares afc the rates ruling for two years before thc bauking crisis, began. A little more than a month ago there were buyers at £119,: which is 4¿ times/the par value; And it is a long time,': indeed,' since they were lower than £110.' , The people' who bought them did so for investment, and not for speculative purposes.- ThoyUwere confident that the Commercial was os safe its tho Bank of England, and that dividends of 25 per cent, per; annum'on tho. original stock would bo paid during their life time' at any rate. A city.doctor, who bought at, £111) a few weeks ago, was so shocked by tho: collapse of the Bank that lie took to'his bed,; and there he is at present, fretting; his!life out. The collapse is a serious, business to him, but. he..should have borne up,against the blow. . Hundreds of i the .people in this country have had big losses, but only a small proportion of them lost their courage'in con- sequence.. '_ ? L . ''? ,';",', ..- :'. J, THE reconstruction scheme proposed, .by the directors of the Commercial Bank is the. best of the schemes that have been .'submitted by. the suspended institutions.' . It is "fair to tho possessors of current accounts, abd'.will, hot involve them in ditflculties.ius the proposals of some of the other suspended hanks '.will do if they are adopted. Nor is the. scheme unjust to any of the other creditors. ' I am pf the opinion"that' the. shares Jn'the 'Coiriirier-: cial Bank, when reconstructed, will be in considerable demand ; some wealthy,men of my acquaintance have expressed their ¡riten-, tion of investing therein. And, perhaps, the' existing shareholders will not.be so badly oil as some of them fear they will be. " 1 ' : ' ' '. Ox Tuesday there was another'rush ph tho Government Sayings Bank. ,' From IO o'clock until the closing hourthe payement.in front bf the Bank was crowded with depositors,-who wanted to get their money. So great wits the rush, that the manager-had to put up a notice that not more than - 20 ijeople would! be admitted into the building at once.. The panic-stricken depositors consist, for, tho most part, of women. They , believe ? that, their savings are in danger, and if an angel from Heaven were to assert the contrary, the probability is they would/smash him with their umbrellas. Looking at tho un- reasoning creatures, one is inclined to believe that there is truth after nil in the doctrine' that human beings came from monkeys^ I can understand people losing'confidence iii:iv; joint stock Bank, but I cannot lin'derstand' them distrustingabauk that has thc resources of the State at its back. The fools-who are, taking their money ont of the Barrack-street institution will probably put it in the Post oiiicu Savings Bank, and flatter themselves that they have acted with wonderful wisdom. It would serve them right if they lost their money. . ? ' ' ',.'.'.' Il lili ! Mn. THOMAS HOUGHTON, M.P., produced a' mild sensation on Monday by publishing a statement to the effect that some, timc,'ugo au attempt had been made, to corrupt hiin.t He had been offered, he said, a sum of money I to supporta bill that was to .be-brought before the Legislature. But he wits;unable to remember the amount' of the proposed . bribe. Tho Daily -, Tclcyrajih. ridiculed bis : statements, nor is it likely that they will cause a discussion in Parliament'.'" Mr. Houghton was probably impelled to /write his letter, because of an assertion, mudo hy. , another Labour member in the Assembly last week, that he had been offered ai few shares in a company, which was ; then endeavouring to pass a bill through tho House. The member in charge of, the bill declared that this Labour representative hud been miked to buy three or four shares. I 1 have no doubt that some people ,who want ; private bills passed-would willingly purchase thc support of members of the House if they thought they could do no safely ; , but the \ game is so dangerous that very, rarely'.db they attempt to play lt. ;,¡| . r,,,/;,, .,i ,;r ( - "i .¡¡..nt: }>a»l-jun>a 1 APTES a long series of defeats, a New South Wales crew has won an intercolonial eight oar boat race. Most people were confident that the Melbourne men would lead their opponents from start to finish, as they had done for several years, and two to one was freely offered oh them. There were, of course, very few takers. At no time during the race had the Melbourne crew a ghost of n chance. They were exhausted at the close, whereas the Sydney men were, so to speak, as fresh as daisies. The latter rowed in a boat that had been imported for them by Mr. SAMUEL HORDERN, the well-known draper. She is a splendid specimen of the boat- builders art, and nothing equal to her has vet been produced in Australia. Mr. Hordern is very proud of the fact that the Sydney crew won in- the boat that he presented to them. The three competing crews have. I way.say, been entertained by him 'in -the most hospitable manner.' . On Saturday eveu ing - he banquettcd them at his residence, after having taken them round the harbour in his beautiful steam yacht, and on Sunday he took them round tho Manly district in well-horsed drags. THE Kev. - DK JKPPBRIS'''successor at "the ¡ Pitt-street Congregational Church has an- nounced that he will vacate the pastorate early in July.;-The position'has proved too difficult for him. Although he is a scholarly man, and delivers carefully-prepared dis-" 'courses, he has'been unable to attract even 'moderately large congregations. - He. has not been a force in Sydney ; nor church-goers have not had a desire tx» hear him.- For the Pitt-streefc Church a man of special gifts- is needed. He should be able to discuss current events in the light of Christian doctrine. Dr. Jefferis had this gift, and, consequently, his congregations were always larger. - What Sydney requires just now, is tWo or three really capable preachers, but it' is doubtful if the want will be supplied. ? . When they appear,-they will not have to complain o'f lack of .'support, \\\\- ? ? ?. ' 