, UNDUE THE GREAT SEAL. BY JOSEPH HATTON. PART II. CHAPTER I.— Ghosts of Heart's Delight. For twenty years Alan Keith disappears from view among the surf-swept reefs of Bahama's thousand islands. As his gaunt.figure fades out in the mists of that mocking sunshine which found him alone, the ouo living remnant of the St. Dennis, there arises in the natural course of this romance tho lithe young figure of David, his son. It looms up clean cut against tho grey horizon of an English champaign country bordering 011 the sea. They might be limned as human types of Hope and Despair, this father and this son. rAway beyond tho Spanish main Alan Keith, galled with manacles of body and soul, tried to give to that of Hannah bis wifo a companion vision of David, their worse than orphaned son. That he could never do so encouraged him to believe the boy was living.' It almost made him think that tho deserted offspring was happy. .Otherwise he surely would have boon able to summon him to the darkness of his cell. . Such is the love of man that Alan, all sin- htuincd and half crazy with fasting anil con finement, was able to win the sweet com- jjanionship of Hannah from the Elysian fields. For years, in bis imagination, hardly fir day had passed when she had not glided .through the massive walls of his prison to sit by bis side, and talk to him of their .nappy days. They had often spoken of little IDavid, speculating upon what might be his fortunes. .Strange, too, that the pathetic ghost of Hannah Plympton had no spiritual tidings of their son. This again argued for his life and happiness. Dead, he would assuredly have joined her with the saints. Unhappy, she would have had a mission to him of comfort and consolation. 'The gaolers heard their familiar prisoner in his neglected acn talking, as was his wont, with unseen Visitors. f The mad Englishman was indeed very mad since he no longer complained of his lot, no longer craved for food, but took the stuff they gave him with a grateful smile. One day they would relieve him of his tluvins and unbar his door. But would it be death or human freedom that would make the award of liberty '! And what could so broken-witted a creature do for himself in the strange world upon which liberty would thrust him ? It would surely bo best for him tlmt be should die. ! Yet Alan in bis blackest despair saw glimpses of u star shining afar oil' through the darkness. Happily for David's peace of mind, his lather was dead to him, though tho heroic story of his life, as he had heard it from Sally Alum ford, and read of it in documents signed by David Plympton, lived continually in his fancy. To have known tho truth about the prisoner of Tarifa would have hep n a heavy burden for the generous-hearted and romantic lad to carry. 11c loved the memory of his father, could see him in his fancy sitting in the porch of the great house with his mother, could sec him in command of his avenging ship, fighting for the freedom ht his fellows, and paying the glorious penalty of his courage and devotion. $Vhcther he had any suspicion of tho truth or not, David's father was to tho sou a hero whoso memory was worthy of reverence and veneration. Hiss Mumford liked nothing bfitter than to toll David stories of Alan Keith's famous deeds, his kindness to her, and his devotion to his wife. Miss M umford was an old maid for David's sake. She looked the character of a cheery Spinster to the life. Her trim little home in a corner of one of the Yarmouth Rows, with bright brass knocker and wiiitc lace curtains, was not less neat than herself. It was a 1 picturesque house, its windows full of flowers, tJie Court or Row, 111 which it was the prin cipal dwelling, white with limewash, its pavements red with freshly- washed bricks. ' Hartley's Row at this point branched oil into a small court, with three or four quuint houses, that might have suggested to the traveller a stray bit of Venice, an unlooked- for incident in some straggling hit of street abutting on a hack canal. Indeed, to this day there are byways in Yarmouth that might he by-ways of the city in the sea. Whoa the sun shines and soft shadows fall from window pediments and overhanging gabies in well-kept rows that run oil' quiet and still from busy thoroughfares. But Miss Mumford was more of a Dutch- Woman than a Venetian in the matter of cleanliness. Her house, with its immediate approaches, was constantly washed and brushed up. The window-panes shone, tho doorstep was as white as tho blinds, the very atmosphere of the place was immacu late. Miss Mumford and her neighbor, Mildred Hope, in Hartley's Row, were the centre of a clean and Godly influence. Miss Mumford was only 50, after all the years that had passed over Heart's Content and Heart's Delight, witli wreek and ruin, with sun and storm. Here she lived once more in the country of her fathers, and, though a spinster, was still a mother to David Keith, beloved by tlie gracious lad, and respected by all their neighbors. ' She had had a hard time of it when the pew settlement at Heart's Content was broken up. Before the arrest of Plympton and the others the Master had been able to jllaco in her hands sufficient moneys for her own and David's security against want. By his ndvice she had followed him to London, and had taken a lodging there not far from the prison wlieru he was confined. Plyinpton's durance was not of long con tinuance. He had influential friends at. Court. His story was honestly told by one who knew it well. The time was favorable for his cause. Ho was honorably acquitted of the charges brought against liiin, and Icceived a certain compensation for the loss cl liis property, which lie duly settled in trust for David Keith, This secured to the hoy an education and a small income for life. With tho money of which Miss Mumford was already possessed, the two were able to livo in comparative afiluence in Hartley's Row, at Yarmouth. If ut this moment it seems odd to speak of Sally as Miss, you would he satisfied if you could have seen her in her prim black silk yitli white fichu and apron, a pair of gold Spectacles 011 her nose, ana her grey Tiuir dressed in two bunches of curls about her thoughtful pleasant face. Shu looked older than she was, on account of the troubles she tad scon, and the responsibilities that Pro vidence had placed upon her "unbeknown »nd unexpected." I Fortunately, as well for Plympton's com panions as himself, they wore supported in their defence by ardent petitions for their ieleaso. Even St. John's joined in the prayers of the last of the men and women of Heart's Delight and Heart's Content. Furthermore; the prisoners came before tho Council by way of preliminary inquiry at the moment when the new Governor, Admiral Sir Richard Godwin Iveats, was 011 |he point of sailing witii instructions for the more enlightened government of Newfound land that, had been inspired by recent events in that unhappy colony, hacked by some thing like a revolt of the merchants ut St. John's. As evidence of this refractory spirit, Sir John Duckworth hud felt called upon to report the case of a merchant there who had thought proper to dispense with the Gover nor's leave, and had violently attempted to build a house, which, in a daring letter to the Sheriff, lie had avowed his intention of letting as a dwelling-house. This attempt, moreover, was not that of an indi vidual, hut was instigated and sup ported by a company of merchants and settlers, who lutd raised a fund, " the real object of which," declared the Governor " was to oppose the Government and esta blish the right of property upon a quiet pos session of 20 years." This was 110 further back than the early years of tho present lontury. In April, 1813, the new Governor was authorised to make many changes, one !r two of which may bo mentioned. The lublicuns of St. John's, in consideration of heir license to sell ardent spirits, had to act 3 constables ; they wore how to be relieved of this particular duty, and taxed for their privileges, the money thus obtained being set apart to create a civic arm for the proper J preservation of peace and order. Grants of and at an annual quit rent for the purposes of cultivation were sanctioned, hut with severe restrictions as to renewal of leases ; tho memorial of certain admirals for a rigorous continuation of the enforced return of sea men after the close of caeli fishing season ns heretofore, or for the right to seize them and bring them 011 hoard His Majesty's ships, was disregarded ; slid further evidence was not wanting 011 all hands for endorsement of the faitli that liud made Alan Keith obstinate in iiis hopes of a free Newfoundland, with rights to dig and delve and make the land blossom as the rose. Such was the generous mood of tho Govern ment when David Plympton and his fellows stood for judgment, and the magnanimity of the time has burdened tho shoulders of lier Majesty's Ministers in our own day, and hampered the natural progress of the enfranchised island. Although Franco had been the disturber of tho peace of Europe, and her ruler was ihielly indebted to England for lii6 throne, Great Britain, utterly disregarding the pet'tions of Newfoundland and her own colonial and naval interests, and without any reason whatever, unless it was in the way of still discrediting and crippling the native Bottlers, voluntarily engaged to re- storo to the French the colonies, fisheries, factories, and establishments of every kind which they had possessed in 1792, on the seas and on the continent of America. It might he doubtful whether after all Newfoundland had been successful as a training ground fur tlie Biitnfii uu\>, but it is the settled and expressed opinion of specialists that except tor the generous con cessions of England as regards Newfound land, France might to-day be almost without a navy. So liberal also were tho privileges con ceded to America that in a short time the incentive thus given to foreign competition was soon the cause of serious embarrassment to the colonists. Duly impressed with tho importance of the fisheries, both the French and Americans at once established a system of bounties for their encouragement, and at the same time secured for their own fisher men a monopoly of their markets by a pro hibitory duty on the import of foreign fish. This literally broke the financial backs of a vast majority of tho Newfoundland mer chants and fishermen. It was as if Govern ment, relenting of her tardy acts of justice, turned once more to rend the unhappy colony. The price of Hsh fell from forty-five shillings per,quintal to twelve. Many largo mercantile firms became bankrupt. Others | realised their property, and retired from tlie 1 country. No less than 900 cases arising out of the general failure came before the civil courts. Bills to the value of a million ster ling were dishonored. The entire colony was at a standstill for work, and the modest savings of tlie industrious classes were swept away. Tho Government had to send aid to the starving people, and did so with no un stinting hand. The innate pluck of the colonists, the recuperative power of the English people, eventually utilised the new and beneficent laws of local and Imperial government ; but to this day the magnani mity of the Home Government to a beaten foe at tho expense of tlie colony, is an over growing seed of trouble and danger. It was lucky all the same, as I have said, for Plympton and tho rest, that their revolt, so-called, hod to be considered when the Government was in a forgiving and a generous mood. Plympton was released, and to some extent compensated, the others were per mitted to take service in his Majesty's fleet, in which capacity they disappear from these pages. Lcstor Santz, who sailed into port with tlie triumphant St. George, was rewarded for his patriotic services with an official position on the Governor's staff. Cowardice and cunning had come out successfully in his case j and lie had the satisfaction of bestowing an official snub upon Muster David Plympton, whoso business brought the two together, Plympton as a suppliant, Lester Bcntz as an officer of authority in the colonial department. The Admiral of the St. George had to report the complete anni hilation of the St. Dennis, which had been used by Alan Keith for piratical purposes. It was debated whether Keith and his men should be proclaimed malefactors ; but a suuer-sensible member of the Council of the Aumiraltv urged that they wasted time in discussing dead men. Moreover, there had been something gallant in tho way iti which Keith had captured the brigatitiuc from the King's enemy; and it was plain that he had been driven to revolt and madness by tho over-strained authority of Ristuek and tho other fishing Admirals, who had used their jiowers for their individual advantages; Keith and his fellows being dean—' victims to their temerity in fighting an English ship— there let them rest. And this iu effect was tho verdict of the Court, which was too busy with a thousand living questions to do more at the moment than ad vance the promotion of the commander of the St. George and authorise the speedy distribution of whatever prize-money be longed to his ship. Lester Bentz had said something about tho possibility of hidden treasures that might be found in the locality of Keith's hiding-place; but he was vague and hypothetical in his suggestions, and the Admiral of the »St. George declared "fore gad " that any man was welcome to whatever they might dig out of tlie God-forsaken coasts and creeks about Demon's Rock. Plympton having arranged with one of the trustees of David and Miss Mumford for their removal to Yarmouth, where he had legal and other associations, went hack to Newfoundland, and busied himself there for some time, more especially in tho northern territory of Labrador. Within a year or two he died, and was buried by the side of his daughter Hannah. The settlers had cleared the forest thereabouts and made a cemetery of the sacred spot. Tlie graveyard took in tho tree under which the dog .Sampson was buried ; and upon tho shadowing trunk of the tamaerack a plate had been let iu bear- iug Sampson's name, with a brief reference to the manner of tlie dog's heroic death. And so the years passed away, and the buried treasure of Wilderness Creek reared its triple-headed lie among the graves of the dead and gone, and took upon its stony front the samo tokens of Time and Weather that marked the true mementoes. In winter these silent sentinels of the Cave of Demon's Rock were white with snow and frost, ghosts of the icy Wilderness. .Summer found them green and grey with moss and lichen. In later years an occasional traveller, pioneer of trade and commerce, missionary of civilisation, prospector of metals, and hidden stores of earth and sea, would cross himself or clolf his cap, at sight of the little cemetery with its three cairns that stood higher than the rest, as Fate might have designed for a landmark in the mazes of this strange eventful history, their mystic shadows creeping outside the stormy portals of Nasquappo and the Demon's ridge to light upon the fortunes of David Keith, the deserted son of Alan, and others within the orbit of his inlluence for good or evil on the eastern coast of England. CHAPTER II.— David's Sweetheart. She was the only daughter of Zaeeheus Webb. He was a fisherman, well to do, and of high repute along tlie coast, north and south", from Cromer to Yarmouth, from Yar mouth to Lowestoft. He lived at Caistor, and had helped to build the Lookout station at Cuisier Point, which is still one of tlie artistic details of the wild coastline Hint adorns many a draughtsman's study of east coast scenery. Old Zuoky, as his intimate friends loved to call him, liked nothing better on quiet summer evenings, when ho had leisure to smoko a pipe with tho lookout men, than talk about the adventures they had seen in the North Sea, and the ships that had boon lost on tho Scroby Sands and the Middle Cross. His favorite theme when he was iu an argu mentative mood was to deny the possibility set up by Justice Cubit that somo day Scroby Sands might be a seaport, while Yar mouth would have gone inland, deserted by the sou as Sandwich had— Sandwich in tlie Straits of Dover. But Zaeeheus was not of a controversial disposition, nor was he a man of educational culture. He could sign his name, and make sufficient sense of figures to calculate his gains and profits, and estimate the costs and risks of his business. His Caronts could have had no idea of tlie possi- ilitic3 of the character ho would develop when they gave him his unusual and dillicult Christian name of Zaeeheus, which according to tho Syriac is understood to mean inno cence ; but it was a triio forecast. Old Zaeky was as unsophisticated a man outside liis own business as can be well imagined, and as guileless even iu his trading as is con sistent with keeping a balance in your stocking of at your bankers. Zucchcua had witli all this a certain shrewd view of things that kept him not only straight with the world, but forth— on and in front of his neighbours. Briefly, it may be said of him, that lie knew liis trade, believed in God, tlie Flying Scud, and liis daughter Elmira. David Keith hoped to marry Elmira Webb as soon as lie had obtained bis articles, and should be taken into partnership by his master, a conveyancing lawyer and general practitioner, who thought more of the fine manly qualities of his articled clerk than lie did of liis fitness for professional life. David did his utmost to acquire hucU knowledge as best pleased old Petnoriek, liis chief. But lie knew more about fishing than conveyancing. It came natural to him to sail a boat, interpret the signs of tho herring season, and forecast tho weather. He was born for the sea, and an eccentric Fate hud bound him to the law. Mr, YVuveny Pethe- rick was a kind-hearted man. He did not stand in the way of David's nautical enjoy ment. He approved of his engagement to Elmira Webb, and once a week gave the lad a half-holiday, on which ( occasions David donned such gear of oilskin and canva3 as delighted the heart of Zaeeheus Webb, the smack owner of Caister. For most of the week David sat at his desk, copying drafts or professing to read law, while his mind wandered away with tlie ships that came and went, moored for a little time opposite his window to load or unload ; but on this summer day that is eventful iu this history he made holiday, and it was in liis mind to have it settled both with father and daughter whether lie should bo ac cepted truly as tho future husband of Elmira Webb. lie had never closed his desk and put on liis nautical suit of blue flannel and rough-tanned boots with such a business air. Besides, it had become necessary that he should look the future full in the face, and there was no future for him which' 'did not give him Elmira us his wife and companion. Miss Mumford agreed with his intention to come to a final understanding with Elmira. and her father. She had failed to impress David with his youth and inexperience; she had argued that lie might see some other girl whom he could love; that Elmira knew but little of tlie world, and that she might meet some other young gentleman whom she could care for more than she eared for him. .She hud dwelt upon tho inadvis- ability of .hoys and girls being engaged before they could really know their own minds; but (hiding that David was desperately in love, uiid believed himself to be a man ; finding that Zaeeheus Webb eucouraged David's unmistakable pretensions, and that David had a fine prospect of being well of! in the matter of money, she encouraged lam to have it out with Elmira. ( lo bo continued.) 