'A FOOL'S FOLLY.' By H. Wiltson (Author ttf ' Shadows of a City,' ' Through the Pire.' 'i Modern Transgression -be.t die.) [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXII. I have tried in the previous chapter to de scribe the Bufferings of a young inan lost in the bush. This description is not imaginary, but real and true. Picture to yourself, my reader, a young; man wandering through an endless forest, knowing not which, way to turn or where to go, with nothing to guide him. Men have even died in the bush of hunger and thirst. This is only one instance. There are others to refer to. For hours he lay moaning in his pain. WHen ne awoae a new morning had ap peared. He was .wet with a heavy due that had fallen the evening before, and he sucked his coat sleeve and just managed to nioieten his lips. He then became eager to live again, and he tried to stand, staggering to his feet and walking weakly along for a few yards. Finding his strength fail him he fell to the ground, and the sun shone on thfe sleeping man and hotter grew his rays. » # ♦ * The shearing season waBoverat Holms wood. the shearers had gone away, and the I^ts were quite deserted. George Hamilton was still there, and was playing with Mr. Gerret, who was getting old, so every week more work fell to the lot of Hamilton. One evening, as he was sitting in an arm chair, Mrs. Gerret said to him, ' What should we do without you, Mr. Hamilton ?' h ' If I can be of use to you it will give me pleasure to work still harder,' he replied, i Beader, do you Know where the ' Devil's Glen'; is ? Itisawierd ghastly place. Huge grey rocks of the mountain stand high above this glen, forming a large and pretty cave. In front of this glen the cave sinks to the dis tance of eighteen feet, and it is one mass of brush and creepers. ▲ legend is told how one of .the early convicts had escaped from a settlement and made his way slowly but surely through the hush. While being pursued by troopers he had sought and found this cave. But the legend goes on to say how he leaped from the cave into the glen and was killed, and it is whispered that his ghost is seen on certain nights to stand at the mouth of the cave and ?with a shriek jump into the glen below. I explored the cave and the gled, but I could not see the ghost, though I found an old coat in the cave. The cave was occupied by a gipsy woman, whose nams is Mag Mere. No doubt my readers remember the gipsy tribe that were encamped in the wood in the Tillage of Burlton. All that remained of this tribe was Mag Mere, the mother of Mira, the outcast's dead wife. With the cunning and endurance of her race, May had followed Clarendon out to Australia when he was flying from justice, swearing to avenge the death of her child. When you are going to enjoy your wealth you shall lose it and lose your life. Then you will remember my daughter. # * * * It was a beautiful night. The moon was ahining very brightly, lighting up the hoary head of Congo, showing very plainly the old hut. It shone over Holmswood, and the pale silver light stole through the casement and tempted Mary Gerret to go for a walk. 'Mother, I am going for a walk as far as the slip-rails. I shant be long.' She took her hat from its accustomed place. As she adjusted it and was tying the elastic George Hamilton came out of the dining-room and seized her hand. ' Why,' he asked, ' do you treat me so cruelly. I have been waiting for you some time now.' She drew her hand quickly away. ' Mr. Hamilton, I have no idea that I promised to meet you, or did I ask you to jwait forme.' \- i forgive me, Mary, if I have offended you I mean^ 00 harm,' and he bent his face close to hers u^ be almost touched her cheek, and looking into in,!' hazel eyes that were flashing. But she pushed nil1 ftyay and left the house. \ He followed her and asked her^ 'Will you not allow me to accompany you in the walk / you ate going to take ?' / ' No,' she answered, ' I will not, and if f you speak to me again I shall tell my father and he will dismiss you.' It would not have been convenient for bim to he dismissed at present, for if he had been some very dark actions would have been found out. He had wormed from Gerret in confidence the fact that his daughter Mary was to inherit the station and stock, while Mrs. Gerret was to have the rest of the property. Hamilton came to the conclusion that he \- wanted money, and he found out that the easieBt way to get it was by marrying Mary Gerret, and he began to scheme how he should play the part of a true lover. Mary, ever since she had first seen him, had taken a dislike to him. As he noticed her increasing coldness he 1 was comforted by the thought that if he did \ pot marry her he had another plan to get \ jber money, and be was cheered by that \ fcougbt, v f CHAPTER XXIII. The Overseer. Edith Gerret had been for a ride through the bush, and on her way back saw Hamil ton coming to meet her. Turning her horse, she tried to evade him and went through the bush in another direction. Suddenly she stopped, for there, right in front of her, lay a man, apparently dead. He was lying on his side, and she looked at his face, which was burnt by the scorching sun. Edith went to where she had seen Hamil ton. He came towards her. ' Mr. Hamilton,' she said, ' come with me.' They went together, and in a few moments the stranger was lifted on to the. horse's back, and they went homewards. * # * * Was it a dream, or had I glided into another w;orld ? A rushing, roaring sound filled my ears, and I seemed to see visions of people passing backwards and forwards. Bond h&nds; tended me, bathing my head with cold water, and I could hear a gentle voice say ' poor fellow.' ' Water,' I gasped, 'water,' and a glass was held to my lips. O, that delicious drink — it seemed nectar, fit for the Gods. Where am I ? A sweet gentle voice replied, ' You are with friends. You were found in the bush.' ' Did you find me ?' n Yes.' ' Then God bless you.' Try and drink this. And a glass of cool refreshing milk was held to my lips, and while the kind nurse hovered round my bed I fell asleep and again thanked God for having sent these friends to find me when all hope had gone and my last prayer had been for a 6peedy death. Yes, I had been found, and was now re covering from the effects of my weakness. ... Was it anything but natural that the patient fell in love with his gentle nurse. I say no, and, of course, the nurse loved the patient ; and things came under Hamilton's notice that showed him how the land lay, and he was wild to see all that money dang ling before his eyes, and now some one else was going to take it, or was going to try. Soon the patient, whose name was Harold Taylor, was walking about, and then came moonlight walks and moonlight talks, until it seemed as if nothing but moonlight was thought about. With hands locked together they would look at the moon, and there in the shade of a large gum tree stood Hamilton, slyly watching them. Edith had seen him, and at last she told Harold, who got in a rage, and next morning there was a quarrel between the two men, and he gave Hamilton a good thrashing. Hamilton never came following any more, but he was very bitter against Harold, and swore to be revenged. On one dark night Hamilton paid a visit to the old hut to see if his box was there. To his dismay he found it gone. He did no t# know what to do. An idea flashed across his mind. Why not say Harold had stolen it, and denounce him as a thief. Then Edith Gerret might yet be his. He chuckled as he saddled his horse, for he was going to ride into A ? to bring a constable out with him. Then he would let Edith see her lover dragged to prison as a thief. What was the indignation of Taylor when Hamilton, accompanied by a constable, approached him. ' This is the man, arrest him'' ' Are you mad ? ' said Taylor. ' I have committed no crime; I am innocent.' ' Officer,' said Hamilton, 'do your duty.' And, without any further delay, Taylor was taken. * * * * Let me refer my readers back to where Hamilton saw the figure behind the bush, That figure was Mag Mere, who, after Hamilton had left, entered the hut and taken the box, and speeding back to the cave, she opened it and saw some papers — one was a certificate of his marriage with her daughter, another the deeds of the Hall (which he had stolen from the clerk some years ago). Mag's eyes glistened. She had him iu her power now, and, when the time came, she would use it. # # # * Hamilton gave himself up to try and bring matter? to a crisis with Edith, but with no success, for she would not listen to him. He drew the net tighter and tighter around the squatter. Soon Taylor came back to Holmswood, for he had been acquitted. Jfyeqijejit were the quarrels between these two men, wd fcjie l^ng^ge (as t^e papers say) unfit for publication. Edith was frightened when these scenes occurred. She whs afraid someone would be hurt, and she shuddered tp think wkftfc hp-Tfft might be done. She had k^owft Hamilton long enough to know that he had a nasty temper, and would ftot slmftk from a cvime if it was necessary or if he was being .brought to bay. CHAPTER XXIY. A BUSH SHANTY. There once stood on a dusty, parched bush traok a bush shanty. It had a forlorn, deserted appearance, just as if it was only just recovering from a severe attapk of dyer pepsia. The design of this shanty was some thing remarkable. There were projecting comers at every opportunity, and angles of every known and unknown deecriptip©, Jt r^^^designed by a man who knew more about curues and angles than most folks Numerous fowl and pig houses were stuck at every corner ; while the barJs on the roof was on amazingly tight, or ought to be, considering the accumulation ot old boots, bottles, jompots, old bags, and broken glass ^The owner had once tried to lift up the remains of an jold cart. He sent round to his friends to come and assist him. On the eventful day they all stood round and smirked and smiled at the performance* not offering to help. Suddeniy there was a most awful yell, and the spectators turned and fled just as the burly form of Pat McGare shot up into space. Vi course he came down again, but only to limp inside. (To be continued.) 