OUTLAW AND LAWMAKER. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of 'The Head Station,' 'The Bond of Wedlock,' 'The Brother of the Shadow,'! ? 'Passion and Policy,' 'Nadine,' 'An Australian Heroine,' aud joint author with Mr. Justin McCarthy of 'The Ladies Gallery,' ' The Eight Honorable,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. £11 righteirBemd] Chapter V.— A Gauntlet to Fate. Mr. Trant went away the next morning. Elsie did not go into the parlor to bid him good-bye, . but remained in the verandah, where she Was sewing and listened to his parting words to Lady Horace, who invited him to repeat his visit. ' Ina has no tacb,' murmured Elsie to herself. 'She might have seen that I didn't like him.' 'Where's your sister?' asked Mr. Trant, and Ina's want of tact again displayed itself when she promptly replied, 'Oh! Klsieisin the verandah.' Mr. Trant came out. ' I have come to eay good-bye and to tell you that I shall be over at Tunimba when you are there.' 'I don't know that I am going to be there,' said Elsie perversely. Mr IVanh'n fann fell ?? Tf von APft nnt there I shall come away the next day. . . . Do you live up here, Miss Valliant?' he asked after having waited in vain for Elsie to reply. ' No,' she said. ' I am only staying with my sister and I am going baok to Leichardt's Town almost immediately.' 'Lord Horace wants me to come and sing. It isn't much of a ride over from B&rolin; — only about fifteen miles.' 'Oh!' said Elsie. 'Miss Valliaut, why don't you like 'me T' 'Really, Mr. Trant, you ask rather em barrassing questions.' ' But you don't. I see it in your face. You liked me a little after I saDg last night. I knew I was haying some effect upon you, and I should have liked to sing on for.ever. I wish you'd let me come and sing to you.' 'But I'm going away. And besides, I mightn't like you to have an effect upon me.' 'That means that you area little afraid of me. I knosv that; I can make people afraid of me.' ' Can you really ? How ?' ' I don't quite know. By looking at them. I can always make a woman like me if I want to. I don't often want to. I don't care about them.' 'Perhaps that is why you make them like you. People can often influence others just from the vary reason that they don't care about them.' 'I don't think that reasoning ought to apply to you and me. Please don't be offended. I only meant that it would be impossible to look at you often and remain indifferent.' 'In that case,' said Elsie, 'it would be better not to look at me.' 'Much better,' said Trant seriously. 'I quite agree with you. It would not suit my way of life to care too muoh for a woman.' 'What is your way of life?' asked Elsie, interested in spite of herself. Trant laughed in a sort of soito voee way that he had. 'You wouldn't understand if I were to tell you. . 'From the outside it wouldn't seem to be so mysterious,' said Elsie, piqued — 'living at Barolin and looking after horses and cattle. I understand something about that.' The black boy came round with Mr. Trant's horse. ' Well, good-bye,' he said in a lingering manner. 'lam very glad to havemet.you. Elsie gave him her .hand. The black boy grinned as Trant went down the log steps. ' I say,' he said, ' Ba'al you got him Mary belonging to you?' 'Ba'al,' answered Trant. ' That Budgery Mary,' said the black boy, making a gesture towards Elsie, who pretended not to eee or hear. 'Mine think it that fellow Hallett plenty look after Elsie.' ' Elsie— I say,' shouted the imp. An Austra lian blaok is no respecter of persons. 'Mine got him dilly-bag for you.' The dilly-bag which had been plaited by the gins smelled atrociously of the camp, but it was a good pretext for escaping Trant's fare well gaze and for running round to tbe store for a tig of tobacco, .the purchase money agreed upon for the dilly-bag. Trant rode off. Close by the door Hallett was saddling his horse asd Lord Horace was in conversation with a travelling digger, to whom he bad been giving out rations. 'Lord, what infernal cheek !' Lord Horaoe was saying. 'You'll have to look sharp, HalletS, tobeat that' ' 'What is if that you are to look sharp about?' asked Elsie, coming towards him. 'It Eeems,' said Hallett, drawing his lips together and relaxing them with a determined expression, 'that though poor Slaney was only buried yesterday the opposition candi date has already declared himself.' ' What 1' said Elsie. 'Posters up on the gum trees all around Goondi. This fellow has come from the Bean tree this morning, and they had telegraphed it on there. I wonder if Trant knew anything about it.' : . 'Why, of course,' put in the digger. 'Trant is his partner, and Trant waa at the Bean-tree yesterday telegraphing all over the country. Good- day, miss.' He touched his felt wide-awake aa Elsie turned to him im pulsively. 'You don't mean that Mr. Trant is the Opposition candidate ?' she asked. 'It's hia partner, miss,' said the digger. 'Blake, of Barblin. . He thinks he'll get in on the Irish vote— a flash sort of chap is Blake, they bay; , You take my Bdviee, Mr. Hallett; cut it si ,onca and take the; wind out of his sails. ^XbuTre- safe enough art theLuya, but those Goohaiohapa are a,il3»gin the squatters, and thjyjiifce blather;';; i;.;' ' . The?mau had taken some dirty shillings out of his pouch and was handing- them to Lord Horace in payment, for- hia'ration?. Lord Horace counted them carefully and thrust them into his pocket. . . . - ' Have a nip,' he said.'andtook the digger to the kitchen, where; Lady Horace acted as Hebe, and where his' health was drunk and that of her ladyship ? with due formalities. Lord and Lady Horace were popular in the district and a good many loafers found their way to the Dell. They could always fetch Lord Horace by admiring his amateur bush ways, and he always wound up business by offering them a grog. 'Where are you going?' asked Elsie of Hallett. 'To the Bean-tree, and perhaps to Goondi, to look after my political interests.' ' Isn't it rather odd that Mr. Blake should have got into the field so quickly. He must have heard of Mr. Slaney's death almost as soon as it happened,' said Elsie. ' I suppose he has been working up the dis trict for some time on the sly,' answered Hallett. 'Trant'muBt.have set the wires going. That fellow brought me a telegram from the Bean-tree which lias been forwarded by Mrs. Jem on the chance of its picking me up here. My supporters want to see me.' Elsie noticed that he had pinned into his coat the sprig of stephanotis she had thrown away the night before. ' Why do you keep that withered thing?' she said. 'If you come round to the verandah I'll give you a better one.' 'Give me the bit you have in your belt,' he said. 'It will bring me luck.' She took it out with a little hesitation. ' You'd much better have a fresh piece,' and she moved to the house. He followed her; It was only an excuse for getting out of eye range. As soon as they were in the front verandah he stopped her as she was going to the stephanotis creeper. 'No, give me that.' 'No, I want it for myself.' She held it back, but he took it from her and put it to bis lips. ' I have spoilt it for you now,' he said. She still held put her hand. ' How 1' ' Because I kissed the flowers. There!' He tossed them away. She gathered another spray. ' That is a very nice one, and please don't throw it away directly you are out of sight of the house. ' He laughed. ' I'll show you the ghost of it next time we meet.' ' That means that we shan't meet for a long time.' 'Long enough for the3e to wither. I don't know when I shall be able to get over again. I must canvass the district. We shall meet at Tunimba.' 'Write and tell me how things are going,' she said. ' Do you really care to hear? Oh ! Elsie, it makes me glad.' ' Of course I care to hear. I am immensely exoited. I wish I could go to Goondi and canvass for you. I'd make love to the Luya selectors. I'd abuse Mr. Blake to your very heart's content. Blake of Barolia! Has it struck you that the name sounds rather poetic?' 'Much more so than Hallett, of Tunimba.' 'Well, yes! I love a poetio name. I couldn't marry a man called Smith. Two Smiths proposed to me by the way and they were good matches, and Mammie and Ina scolded me for sending them about their business. To be sure I couldn't have married them both. Oh, what a bore it is that one must marry— somebody.' ' I can't bear to hear you talk like that). Why must you marry — anybody?' 'Because I've gob no other way of gaining my living. Because my prettineasis going — oh yes ! « Girls in Australia go off very soon. And do'ybu think I haven't heard it said that Elsie Valliant is going off ? Because I should hate to be an old maid. Mr. Hallett ? ' 'Yes?' \- ' You know we settled last night that our compact was at an end?' 'Did we? I think not.' definite answer. There's nothing more to wait for.' . . ? ..,;.'???? 'I think there i3 a great deal to wait for.' 'Iwasmo3t splendidly unselfish: I sacri ficed myself. You don't even thank me for my disinterestedness. You are to expeob nothing from me and I am. to. give up the gratification of having the member for Luya — a prospective minister— among my admirers.' 'Let us make a new compact,' he said gravely. 'I don't ask anything from you — except absolute frankness.' 'Oh, that I have always given you.' 'Goon giving it. Let us talk out quite openly to each other. Tell me that you don't care a bit for me— if it is true. Tell me if your affection — you said it was affection — deepens or lessens. I shall never reproach you if you hurt me. I am willing to take my chance.' 'Well, what else?' ' Let us go in this way. You will know — ye3, for I shall tell you unless you forbid me — that I love you. That is not to' be gainsaid. I don't care how long I have to wait. You told me that you liked me better than anyone else who has ever cared for you.' ' Yes, but that isn't saying much. I have never cared for anyone.' ' Well, that is all I want— now. I think I like you to be like that. It fits in with my star fancy. I can worship you without a twinge of jealousy. And when you flirt I know that it only means that you are dull and want amusement.' '* That is a charitable construction to put on my evil doings.' ' I don't mind. It's like the naughtiness of a child that doesn't know what it's doing. One can't think hardly of it when it's so uncon scious. That's what you are. You don't realise that you can hurt people. And all that fancy about tbe hero — the prince ? ' ' Yes, the hero— the prince. Is that like a child, too? But the child's fancies sometimes become the realities of the woman.' ' Thi3 is what I meant by absolute frank ness. If the prince comes tell me ; you will be able to trust me. I shall stand aside. I will worry you no more. Wait, and I will waib too.' 'For my prince? And how long do you' give me to wait?' 'You shall fix your own time. Throw a guantlet to fate.' The phrase struck her. 'A gauntlet to fate. I like that. I did not know that you could Bay such poetic things. Well, I will throw a gauntlet to fate. Well, here's my challenge.' She flung a glove she carried into the air. As it came down she tried to catoh it, but it fell almost into his hand. 'That is an omen,' he exclaimed. 'And the time?' 'I challenge fate to bring my prince along within the year— a year from this day — what is the date?' ' The twenty-ninth of March ?' ' The twenty-ninth of March than. It shall be yes or no once and for all.' Chapter VL — The Comikg of the Princk. Elsie seemed a little depressed for a week after Frank Hallett's visit. She felt that she had committed herself. To be sure she con soled herself with the reflection that she had the fullest right to throw him over if her prince came. But suppose that no prince came and that she had- reached no further pitch of romantic ardor that she had at pre sent attained ? ' I liked him better six months ago,' she said to herself. 'I waa almost in love with him. I think I was quite in love with him one day when he seemed to like Ina better than he liked me. How horribly selfish and mean and small to be jealous ! And jealous of one's own sister.' Lady Horaoe was a little depressed too, if indeed anyone so equable could be depressed. Elsie accounted for it by the fact that Lord Horaoe had been aggravating. Lord Horace had occasional fits of spleen and regret that he had ever left England— fits which were gene rally brought about by a perusal of his bank book, and whioh usually ended in a grumble over dinner and a reactionary burst of effusion to his wife. He was away just now helping Frank Hallett in his electioneering business and the sisters were alone. They were sitting out in the verandah together one evening. Ina was in a squatter's chair and Elsie sat on the edge of the verandah and leaned her head against Ina's knees. 'Ina,' she said suddenly, ' I wish I wasn't such a wretch.' ' What makes you say that, El ?' . ' I don't know. Frank Hallett, I suppose. It's perfectly horrid of me to want to keep him dangling on a string. Why don't I marry him straight away V 'Ob, why not?' 'I don't know. That's just it. I like him. He is the only man I have ever been able to imagine kissing me without a shudder.' ' Elsie.' 'Well, it always come to that in time. There was a moment when I was almost in love with him.' 'Almost!' ' How tragically you say that. There was a moment when it came over me that I had snubbed him too severely and that he had deserted me for you, and I believe I threw myself on the bed and cried out of grief and mortification.' '?I saw you,' said Ina, 'and I knew from that moment that you cared for Frank Hallett and that you ought to marry him.' ' Did you really see me, Ina? And you never said a word. That was awfully like you. You'd never let me suspect that you knew how abominably petty I had been. It was all vanity.' 'No, no, Elsie, don't say that.' . 'It's true. Fve been like that all my life, and I'm ashamed of it. I bate myself some times. I can't bear a man who has admired me to take up with anyone else— even my. own sister. I'm a mean creature.' . . 'You know you are not. Tveseeii you take the greatest pains to dress up girls in your own finery so that they might have as good a chance of getting partners as you. You have dressed me up in the same way. You have exulted hi my little conquests. You know you have,! Elsie. And if you were jealous for a momentj it was because you cared. Do you think I'm: not certain of that?' ? ' Ina, you are trembling. What's the matter?' . . 'I can't bear to hear you cry yourself down.' ' I shouldn't have been so horrid, Ina, if you had cared. It's a mercy you didn't, for I might have had a little trouble in getting up to such a height of -heroic abnegation. Frank Hallett wouldn't suit you, Ina: He is ' too solid and steady, and for two angels to marry is a waist of regenerating material. No, Ina, dear, you are dearly, intended for a sinner.' The girls laughed both a little sadly. Elsie went on — ' Do you know, Ina, I think it's a pity we weren't taught to earn our own living. I think it's a pity in a land of way that we are pretty. If we had been ugly there wouldn't have bean so muoh bother about this marrying business. As it is, there's been nothing else for us to do. You are married, and it is all right, or at any rate I hope it is all right for you ; but here am I, twenty, too poor— and in three or four years' time I shall be losing my good looks and there'll be nothing for me to fall back upon. Now if we had been governesses or even plain needlewomen there would not have been any necessity for falling in love.' ' Elsie 1' 'Oh, yes, it i3 a very disagreeable necessity The only thing more disagreeable would be to marry without it. It is so difficult to fall in love. I have [been trying for all these years and I haven't succeeded yet.' ' Not even with Frank Hallett Y* 'Not even with Frank Hallett, and yet he has everything for one to fall in love with — good looks, though I don't care for those in a man, nice manners, brains— of a sort— money — you couldn't wish for anything more satisfac tory. And I think I could be happy with him.' 'Elsie,' said Ina, with an inflexion almost of passion in her voice, 'don't beaBpoiled ohild ; oaring only for a thing when you can't get it— not valuing what is yours. Don't let it all have been of no use ; bis love for you : my— my prayers for your happiness with him.' 'You are right, Ina; I ve been a spoilt child. . Mammie has spoiled me, you have spoiled me, though Im older than you, my poor Ina ; and it is I who ought to have spoiled you. It's that whioh makes me the heartless freakish think that I am. And yet — and yet there's always the feeling that the prince might come.' ?'The prince? Do you mean the prinoe that is coming this winter? And what use will that be to you ? You dou't think you can marry him?' Ina alluded to a certain sprig of royalty which was expected to take place that year. 'You don't think you are like Beatrix Esmond, do you ?' 'Yes, I do think I am very like Beatrix Esmond. As for my prince — well, I should be pleased if he wore a periwig and court ruffles and carried a sword like Colonel Henry Esmond, but that is out ot the question, I sup pose, in this nineteenth century Australia, and there are not many Colonel Esmonds in history-^-6r out of it.' 'I think Frank Hallett would do quite as fine things as Colonel Henry Esmond.' ' Perhaps. But do you know, between our selves, I always thought Colonel Esmond was ever such a little bit of a prig. Ina, I have told Frank Hallett that if the prince does not come along within a year's time I will marry him.' 'And you are going to flirt with everybody that comes along with the idea that he may turn out to be your prinoe?' ' I think I should know my prince without trying experiments. As for flirting, I sup pose a poor girl may be allowed to make the most of the last opportunity she will ever have. I ebaa't be able to flirt after I am married, you know.' ' I think you would flirt in your grave. You were flirting the other night with that horrid Mr. Trant.' ? ? . 'I am not sure that he is horrid. I think that under some ciroumetanoea he might be 'At any rate he is homd for haviBtfjme&icecl; so about the election.' . 'They say. all is fair in love and war.- ffha two must be hard at it now, I wondex^hak Frank Hallett hasn't written.' ^ '. . 'I wonder that Horace hasn't writMn, - said Ina uneasily. ' I don't see how you Aanf expeofi Mr. Hallett to write when you nWea answered hia letter.' \i Look here,' said Elsie, 'I don't fchtofc . Hora.39 w quite fit to be trusted by himself. I ™ u go flirting with the barmaids— you know Horace is a horrid flirt ' f'* ns go over to Goondi to see abouft f!w*S?m? t\m^' BaW Lady Horaoe, 'buO t, ,°? l*bmk that would ba a good time. We must have a new colonial oven before fch» wiWeT?^'18- Oh'E1^whatshairida Lady Horace took life placidly as a rate, bat she waa i juat now eeriouJy discomposed by the news which had arrived by the lU m»iV that Lord and Lady Waveryng were about to' make the tour of the world, and proposed to include the Australian colonies in their i-ro- gramme. . Elsie laughed. 'Never mind. Take them camping out. Let Horace look after them.' ? 'If only the new house were build.' '? ' Well, I expect you'll find that Horaoe has anticipated Lord Waveryng's remittance ir» shouting champagne to the diggers, and there'll be nothing left to pay for the imported bull left alone the new house. You'd better made up your mind to go to Goondi.' It was nearly a fortnight after Mr. Slaney's death aud the stioking up of the coach by Moonlight. The excitement over Moonlight's; escapade had paled before that of the election. The police had patrolled the district and had; explored as far as they were able the fast nesses of the Upper Luya. but the Upper Luy* was not easily explored. Every trace of Moon- * light seemed to have disappeared, and thai police returned to headquarters to await ther next full moon and be on the lookout fop another outrage. '. The Tunimba festivities had been postponed in view of the election. They had now been fixed for a date after the polling-day, and would, it was supposed, inaugurate the en trance of Frank Hallett into public life. In the meantime young Hallett, accompanied by his supporters, harangued the district and started a reputation for making telling speeches. Lord Horace also made speeches of a somewhat humorous description, and ex posed his friend to the risk of being unseated on a charge of bribery, from the lavish manner in whioh he regaled the electors and distributed champagne. If, however, Hallett and hia friends were energetic, Blake of Bar61in and his partner, Dominic Trant, were more ener getic still. Elsie read the accounts of Mr., Blake's meetings in the papers and she read his speeches, and contrasted them with those of her lover, not altogether to Frank Hallett'a' advantage. She began to think that it was perhaps as well she had not been brought into personal relations with the opposing candi date, since Bhe might have found it more^ difficult to canvass with enthusiasm for Halleth among the Luya selectors. And yet she longed' to see Blake. Everything she read about him appealed to her imagination. He was almost* a stranger on the Luya, but this wasi perhaps better for him, since ha had come daringly into the conntry, bold, pictu resque, as it seemed irresistible ; and had Oaken, it by storm. It was said that ho would rani Frank Hallett hard, though no one among the squatters doubted that Frank Hallett would: win. Blake appealed to the masses. He had the Irish gift of eloquence. He had that: terrible Irish passion, and -he had the pluck of the typical Irishman and a: certain dash of poetry and pathoa and] romance that is typical also of Ire-' land. There was about him, too, a dash of mystery. No one knew quite what he did. . where he came from, and where he gob the money which he scattered so freely. The* women adored him, and women have a power ful voice at election times. He was something1: of the preux chevalier, though he represented the Radical interest. All this Elsie gleaned* from the glowing descriptions in the Goondi, Chronicle, which was on his side, and the sneer ing remarks of the Luya Times, which was on theirs. It was very easy to read between the lines. Frank Hallett was safe, steady, emi-i nently estimable, but he was not pictu resque. The other was picturesque, and that wa3 enough to make Elsie wildly anxious to see him. Bub probably he waa. not safe, steady, nor eminently estimable. She had her wish on that very day when she bad suggested to Ina that they should go to Goondi. She had gone down to the crossing — her own favorite crossing— the place where sha had met Hallett. Perhaps she had a lingering; fancy that Hallett might ride that way and.' she would hear some news— something to enliven the deadly dulness of the life ab the Humpey. Elsie waa getting very tired of life at the Humpey, and was beginning to sigh for. her Leichardt'a Town parties and the bank clerks and young gentlemen in the Govern-' ment office?, who out of the Parliamentary; season made up the roll of her admirers. She had taken her book with her, for, unlike Ina* Elsie was fond of reading. It was a book' which Hallett had bought her — a book she had' often heard of aud had never yet read. The book was a translation — Goethe's 'Elective Affinities.' There waa a nook of the creek, set baok from Lord Horace's bridge, and oub of sight of any passer-by who might cross the bridge. A gnarled ti-tree jutted into the stream — a libtle tree peninsula. It had great twisted roots covered with ferns, with pale tufts of the scentless mauve violet. The branches of the ti-tree bent down and dipped their red bottle' brush blossoms into the stream, which jusb here was dark and rather desp and swirled in tiny eddies round the twig3 and bowed roots. There was jusb room for one person , to sit on the islet. The back of the tree and the twisted roots made a famous armchair. A log spanned the stream above the islet and was used by foot passengers. Elsie had croaaed upon ib. Lower down the creek ran shallower \ over a bed of stones and rock ory stals and made a pleasant brawling. There was an intense dreaminess in the air, and there was no other? sound but the chirping of grasshoppers, the occasional caw of a cockatoo or cry of a bird: in the scrub close by, and the footsteps of cattle or horses coming down to drink. Elsie was reading the scene in which Edward and Otilia first discover their love. She put the book down and leaned back against the tree, her cheeks flushed, and a tender smile was upon her lips. She had often read about love, but none that she read of seemed to her so reU as this. Should she ever know such lov^t Waa it so rare ? Was it) possible that in this1 manner Frank Hallett loved her? Why then was it that she felt no returning throb? Elsie wondered vaguely with some dim fains realisation of the greatest of life's mysteries. But it was quite true that she had never loved. , People had loved her, bub Bhe had never taken much account of what they felt and suffered. ? It occurred to her now that, perhaps, they had suffered a good deal, and that, perhaps, she might have been kinder. -'I have never taken life seriously enough,' Elsie said to herself. 'I have never takes love seriously either.' And then she laughed softly as the thought flashed across her how-' impossible would be to take some of those bank' clerks from the serious standpoint. Life and love had only been a game to Elsie. And yet . in the background of her consciousness there f had always been a tremendous ideal— so Elsie' herself would have phrased it— an image whioh : was sacred, an image of a prince. Only a, prince. The prince had nob ridden through; the enchanted forest whore the princess slept. There was a sound of horse's feet now, ?? more definite tramp than that of the stray:- animal making for water. A traveller. Could' it be Hallett? Elsie would nob move. From] where she sab she could not seo him as he' crossed the bridge, but she would see him when' he mounted the bank, and if it were HalletV she would give him a coo-ee and surprise him.. The tramp came nearer. Another 'odd fancy, came into Elsie's mind. She remembered Hallett's rather contemptuous remark when she had described the ideal lover. : . '. . ' A Jane Eyreish ideal.' Tho tramp on the hard ground made her think of the meballfo clatter of Rochester's horsa rising above, the murmuring of rills aud whisperings of the wintry aftornoon. There waa: no similitude between this dreamy southern afternoon and tho grim frost- bound land scape of the book, but the -fancy was in her. . mind. And there was a dog— anotherGytrasbJ —a human-looking ehaggy creature with in-' telligent eyes aud a huge mask-like head. She' could see the dog as it bounded up the bank, and turned back to bark. - She knew the dog; quite well. It was the big collie that be- . longed to one cf the Tunica ba stockmen. Of course the rider was Frank. Shaooo-eed.' The horse waa pulled backed aad turned oi* the threshold of the bridge. A mettlesome animal. She could hear it snort and quiver. Pioneer waa like that. This was Pioneer's color. She had caught a glimpse of a blaok: hind- quarter. Elsie bent forward and ooo-eed. again, at the same time she plucked an over hanging bottle-brush blossom of the ti-tree and flung it at tho rider. The missile did not hit its mark, but she was wholly unprepared for the etfeqt of her heed,* leas action. There was a plunge, a kick, a rear forward, and the horse and rider darted past, the creature swerving blindly up tb£ bank, cannoning against a she&oak; and then dashing under the low branch of a white cedar. The rider stooped to save bimself, bub toft late. A projecting boaa o! the troo caught his shoulder and almost dragged him from hia seat. He was a good horseman and a man of nerve, and gripping the bridlo checked * the horse and dismounted. He staggered a little and pub his hand to his shoulder. The coat had been torn and he wa3 evidently severely bruised. The pain of the blow made him turn for a moment quite white. Whal 8truok EUie in the midst of her consbernataon ? was that he never uttered a sound. . She herself had given a cry of alarm ana, self- reproach. She had seen as the horse, rushed past that ib was nob Pioneer and thab ita rider was not Frank Halletb. Thia was a much more spirited and highly: bred animal. Xh$ tjiiaj^ wagjkUquijeringno fl^ ita aoatnla »fetendea,andtl-e whites of the ejeBglaa* W^Se 'stranger patted it with his left hand £& was the tight awn that had been hart. \--tro,ddinan 1 Quiet, old boy !' he «ud, and S»m«ed«nd saw Elsie. r She had left her islet and was standing— an image of dismay. 'Oh, I am so sorry. I hope 'you arenot hurt.' . ' The stranger took off his hat. He raised his VjglftMm to do so and winced with pain. 'Oh, yon are hurt. Please let *ne see. I 'cant tell yon how sorry I am.1' He came down to the little plateau where she stood, leading *he Jiorse, which though still restive followed 'him. ! Elsie saw tbe torn coat. She went close to iliim and touched bis shoulder. : 'Ife nothing,' said the Btranger— 'only a Jmoek. It doesn't liurt at all— at least nothing ;to speak of.' 'It hurts horribly ; I can Bee that, and it is my fault. I hadn't the faintest notion— I thought you were Frank HaUett' The Stranger laughed. ' No, I am certainly -not Mr. Frank Hallett. I am Blake of BarbTin.' EMe did not laugh. It eeemed to her that she bsd known from the first moment that this ^waa Bfcike of Batblin. He was picturesque. Oh, yes, there was no ?doubt of that. She could imagine him eway ing a crowd. There was something kingly *bout him. He was tall and straight and powerful. He had eyes like the eyes of an pagie, they were bo piercing and so steadfast. 'And there was a Napoleonic suggestion about !iijs firm month- and chin — a certain combined /?sweetness and dignity and resolution— a fire fend force in the expression of his features and !*fae carriage of his head. Very handsome. tBnt & great deal more than handsome. ' X can feel that it is swelling,' she said in ?deep distress, taking away her hand. 'It ought Ho 1» bathed and seen to at once or you will be hombljrbruised. I don't know what to do. Shall I ran np to the house and send the_ black boy for your horse? You can't lead it like that It harts you every time it tugs. Give ! Die the bridle, what's its name?' i 'His name— oh'— he paused and laughed rather oddly though— 'He's called Osman. ]No, you couldn't hold him. He's a young ?horse and there's something up with nun to j3ay. I was off guard or he wouldn't have '&fciea; at you like that. I can't think what fstartled him.' .1 'It was I. I threw some of these things at Slim,'' she twitohed off a ti- flower. 'I threw at at you— at yon — at least I threw it' — ehe Saughed nervously— 'at Mr. Frank Hallett.' t *' I am sorry for -your sake that I am not Mr. tFrsnk HaUett.9' T 'You needn't be eorry. Will he stand? (Blake had strapped his horse round a sapling. i. 'Te^PIl just waitaminuteor two, if you Won't mind, till the twinge has gone off. Then Til get on to Barblin.' i 'Oh, won't you oome up to the house and Stave it seen to ? Sly sister will be pleased.' 'Ybur.eiBteri' 'Lady Horace Gage. I am Miss Valliant. I am staying with her.' 'Yes, I heard that' Mr. Blake made her ?a bow. 'I beg' your pardon for having ^frightened you.' ?'.. 'Oh, it isn't— I mean it was all my fault. ?Please come up to the Humpey 1' ? 'I don't think I ought to do that You see jLord Horace and I have been doing nothing ?bat tori abuse at eaah other for the last week k-rso, and Imosa canvassing expedition to j*he upper Tiuya.' -, 'Do you thmkyoa are going to beat Frank SHalletb f asked Elsie. '1 hope bo. Yes, I think I shall beat him. tO I do I suppose you will hate mef 'I. don't know why you should say that. tMr. Hallett is not my brother or — or any other iretatioB.n : i 'But yon wish him to get in.' ! 'ITes— I wish Jiim- to get in.' V 'Because he isafdend, or because yon are to sympathy with his politics f . 'Oh, his politics? I don't know anything {rtxmt politics, I don't care in the least ^whether the squatters get their Land Bill or frha&er; the agriculturists get things their : -nay. It doesn't matter.' i 'Don't yon think it matters that the squatters monopolise a great deal of land to which they have no right and of which poor jpeoplfrougfct to have a share?' ;. 'There is plenty of room in Australia,'-' said pESsie. * ' ' Yes, there is plenty of room, and all the snore reason for legislators to see that Justice as done. I meaa to go against your Squatters' LjLand Bill, Miss Valliant I mean to fight Mr. tH&Hett; on all hie points-tooth and naiL I am ' -fighting him now. We are enemies in open jfield, and you and yours are on his side of the L'Oh, we are sisters of mercy — Ina and I,' d Elsie, laughing. 'In common charity Soue may , bind np ona'a enemy's wounds.' j 'I think my wounds will keep till I get to jBatblin,' be said, laughing too. 'They are ' isot very serious ; I will not put your and Lady . jHoraee'a loyalty to so severe a test. I am glad jyou call yourself a sister of mercy and that Eos take np eo disinterested a position— per- aps I ought rather to say-so womanlike a [position.' ' : 'Why womanlike?'' ;. ^ 'You confess that it is for the sake of friendship,- not from political conviction, that you ace on Mr.-Hallett'e side.' . j Ekie laughed. He went on, 'Well, at any ' orate, though naturally Mr. HaUett has your . 'jbest -wishes, I may hope that you .will not owe -. jme any serious grudge if I am returned.' He -looked down at Elsie with a half smile. Where L ; /was all her self -confidence gone? '' ' To any one else she would have made a jest ing reply, into which she would certainly have ,' jnfased a spice of coquetry. Their eyes met. Hers dropped -and she flushed slightly. He : .' thought her wondrously pretty. ' ?'; ,;.. ''No,' ebe said weakly. ' - 'Thank you. I'm very glad of that. I'm ,5 afraid we .shall not have *he ehanoe of seeing J -: BLUch of you is the Imja, but if I do get in :? we snail meet at the Leichardfa Town balls, /; perhaps.' ii 'Don't yon mean ever to come to the Luya? fi5k) yon always leave, everything to Mr. JflBrant?' f*' Q: *^Ob, no. M do come to the Luya ocoasion igly — I have been up here several tunes.'1 j ;i 'We haven't heard-of you coming.' ;-1 'Tfo, I suppose you haven't heard of my rooming. But-then you have such big exeite ' -jfeentB on £he -Luya -that it is not surprising.' ? ' Youmean Moonlight ?' :,v'Ah! fie seems to be an excitement. What do yon think of Moonlight, Miss ' ^Valliant?' : 'I admire him. I would give anything to * ' '4ave been in tbe coach when he etnok it np.' . ' ''Shouldn't you have been afraid?' . '2Jo. Why * I have no money to be ^robbed of —not-even a watch. And Moonlight -«nly robs Biujers and the sold escort. I sup* -..pasVbe-tiiinks he hoe a right to the spoils of -ihe«arth.' *? And,' ehe added, ' that's your juTuoiple, Mr. Blake?' \- ' It'« the prinoiple of the oppressed. And so you sympathise with Moonlight f 'I ehoold like to eee him,' said' Elsie 'dreamily. 'Do you know that I told Mr. : rHaltett the day afterihe robbery that I wished ; . JIoonliEht would carry me off to hialair?'3 1- 'You wished to be carried to Moonlight's -lair. Well, more unlikely things have hap ' pened. I can quite imagine that if Moon light, -as they call him, heard yon say that he * anight be indined to act upon your suggeBtion. j What did Mr. Hallett say?' ? ; :X'I should have to be ransomed, yon know ! ? — eojBE of the squatters here would try and : Jimyzaeback.' ; 'I haven't the least doubt of that. The -district would rise in search of you and they woald.probably be more successful than Cap jtain Macphereon and his men seem to have -ibesa. And— well so much the worse for Moon light. Good-bye, Miss Valliant' i =. 'Youaregoing?' ~t , . -. ' Xes.' He uabutskled his horse's bridle. 'It will be late before I get to BaroliD, especially if I stop at the cedar-cutters' on the :way.' 'Afc, we have been beforehand wiih you. They have promised us their vote.' i 'So you have b^en canvassing for Mr. iHaliett? He is very fortunate. I wish I Jbdd *besn. the lucky candidate who secured your partisanship.' He raised bis hat again. Eteie held -out her hand. ', 'Is ydfcr shoulder very painful ?' \- 'A little; bat it is not worth thinking jaboufe. I am glad of the accident since it has £iven me the opportunity of making your acquaintance. I have wished fora longtime \- .to meet yon.' I, 'Why?' . ''I will -tell you some time when I laiovr you ibetter. It is rather a long etory, and it might \ 'be disagreeable to you to hear it.' ? 'I don't understand. She looked at him ; iwonderingly. : ' ' No? never mind. It will keep. You are . ^Leaving yonr book behind you.' He picked . £be Tomme-np and handed it to her, glancing . at the title as he did en. : ? 'Tbe 'Eleotive Affinities!'' Do you be , Sieve in that theory ?' : ' So, I oan't tolL I have had so little ex ; 3-erience ? ' : 'I should have- thought that you had had a ; considerable experience.' i 'Yon mean'— she stopped and blushed. ' ? 'Well,' be said, 'I mean that you must nave tested some of the laws of human chemis try, and are at least in * position to judge .what kind of qualities you yourself are moat jWcely to attract' r 'Oo, no,' ehe exclaimed with obild-like ,«»ndor. which amused him, ' I can't judge in , *be least. They are all so unlike.' 'They must at any rate have one common JDHeliiby.' I 'That of being common-place,' she taid. 1 He laughed and elipped the bridle over his fefrarm. . 'Come, Osman. Good-bve, Miss . Talliant.' (To be concluded.) 