Thornleigh-Hornsby. That Proposed Platform. QDUB B lensation was created here Tuesday morning, when it was rumoured that the place was to be honoured by a visit from the Hail way Commissioners; and that their buainesa had to do >»ith the platform vhioh aome people desire ' to have between the Thornleigh and Hornsby Junction stations. It will be remembered that, a few months r.go, a petition was numerously signed, praying the erection of suoh a platform, and a deputation presented it to the, Bailway Commissioners, represented on the' ocoasion by Mr. Febon. That officer raised many objeotions to the movement—pointing out the expanse of erecting and maintaining a " station " {as he insisted upon calling it); and then stating that no funds were available for that sort of work, even if the " station" were really required for the general bene6tof the district— which did not appear to be the ca«e. Subsequently, the site was visited by certain railway officials; but nothing definite came of the matter, and, GO far as the Thornleigh and Hornsby people were concerned, it was regarded as dropped. Hence, when, early Tuesday morning, the subject waa ao suddenly and unexpectedly revived there was no inconsiderable stir; but very little confidence was placed in thetflosting statements. Quite a considerable number of persons were sufficiently interested to -cause them to make enquiries. These were commenced with tbe local railway officials; who affirmed they were absolutely ignorant of any contemplated vicil from their superior officers. Mr. Pat. Duffy, tbe local botelkeeper, who ought to know everything, was questioned, and abandoned—aB be knew no more of tbe business than an empty lemonade bottle, and cared less; but '.'some of my cousins might know*." Mr. Walter Mori is, secretary of tbeProgress Association—that body wbicb iti> know all about it, if anyone did—was next found. He expressed surprise bordering upon consternation ; and incidentally remarked that over tbis buainess his mind was about equal to a doubleblank domino. He suggested that it-would be a good plan to interview some of the Osborne, as they are largely interested in tbe platform business. Kane of these were about the station, however, and then Mr. Morris recollected that Ur, Curtis had had a great deal to do with the platform schemo when it. waa first started, and probably would know something about tbe matter. Sundry other residents of Thciroleigh were questioned, from the storekeeper (Mr. Giblett) to the schoolmaster (Ur. >pU>orp}^ and one and all expressed their ignorance «pon tbs momentous theme. In due coarse, Mr. Curtis was found. Now, if tbe ordinary surprise evinced by 'the people previously referred to was not sufficient to convince one that there was no truth in tbe rumors, Mr. Curtis'e observations would certainly have gone a very long wayto con. vince tbe most sceptical, that there waa not the most remote ghost of a chanoe that any Bailway people were coming to Thornlnigh in connection with the middle platform; -whatever else they might be after. It at onoe appeared that Mr. Curtis bad taken a very prominent part in tbe platform movement; And if one man more than another had a eightite know anything at all about such projected 'Visit, that man waa Mr.Cuelisrrabd "be koewnotiiing." Certainly. Mr.'KprraanSelf.tbeVengineer, bad taken a very active part tn the saivMnent -(His lately, _ . ,-- were in tbe wind, and Mr. Self koewdf iit, be worild be aire to ttll him <Mr. Cartie). Bgt Mr. Self bad beeinin Thornleigh at dusk tbe; evening before; tad passed his bouse, >«n'd goneawuyby Iradn. However, heooncladed " with'tb&Mstunan;" when so much wasjn thtije&oar; be. something in it. Then he su gested tbat'«ii the Osborns land aome<>f 'th DnSys were'- particularly interested,. Ifcey might be aUe'to' Ibibw light upon (fee att^j which; tofar. as he inew, waa eoiToaudad t Egyptian d^rkntes., . . , i . , i , . 'Amongst all tbis Oaboms in and, abort] Horopby.Mr. ^ jNed% was eventually found. He happened to Ve at home, because be bad just had dinner 1 ; bat the suggepjiote (thfct piA ' was a possibility of high railwayoffioiala being; in the vkanity^gave him such a iahpck,,ae . caused him to suggest ike advisability of fitting down and discussing tbe situation. Tbe writer's t,-weary "hoofs" having accordingly assumed a. /pendulent position, the. platform/subjsct was; itbreabed oot from topto bottom all along one .jide. Mr. Oiborn was strong in the belief that there could be no truth so the rumor. M r. iSelf 'would have'let him imow, at any rate. However, hie was going to the post, ana could -call in at Mr.fielPs house, on the way, tonahfe enquiries. j u Thiscoursewas at once adopted, and a move made for the roadway. Hallo! what's' up p Ees i there's somer •thing on!" Tbe expression escaped violently from Mr. Osborn, as be glanced down the road, towards Mr..Self's house. "Tea! Pollard is out with bis sooiable: so thereis something up." In due course Mr. Pollard was reached; and in answer to Mr. Osbsrn'a enquiries be stated that Mr. Harper, of the railway, and Messrs. Edwards, and Self had been out during the morning,up and down the ground around which they wanted the platform.. They were then inside, having some lunch. In sporting parlance, Mr. Osborn was what they call " a bit knocked.'* If he' had had a coat on he would hava gone inside to see what was up. Coatless, though, ha did not care to intrude. Tbe writer, however, was not troubled by anything beyond a desire to get bis work over; so at once approached the miniatura banqnethall; knocked, presented hiB card (to Mr. Self, who, in person, attended the evidently unexpected summons) and announced the object of his mission. Mr- Self listened, glanced over the card, half closed the door, and stated—"I am only here on a visit for a few hoars, getting lunch. I may not be back again until after Christmas. I do not often come here. I cannot do anything for you. If you call at the cottage next door, Mrs. Bead may, perbaps, be able to tell you about all you waet." Then so much of Mr. Norman Self's form as was visible withdrew, the door waa further closed, and the unwelcome representative of the Fourth Estate concluded that he might as well" get." On the broad principle that it is undignified to apply to subordinates for information refused by their (so-called) superiors, Mrs. Bead wae spared the indignity proposed to be heaped upon bar, and tbe writer started back to Thornleigh. baring duly reperted progress to Messrs. Osborn and Pollard, who looked surprised, but nothing important was said, however they may have felt. Later on, Mr. Curtis was again encountered. He seemed a " bit knocked out," and reckoned the platform promoters would look well, if the people who promised to contribute towards the platform's cost now declined to pay. Mr. Curtis bad spent days upon days over the matter, and now to think something had been done under the residents' very noses, and not one of them to know a word about it! To Ket a little bit riled oarer such a transaction waB excusable. Many other people were anxious for information, and some of them concluded that this platform was only a repetition on a smaller seale, of another afinir, which deprived Hornsby of its rights, created tPhornleigb where it nevnr Bhould have been, and shoved Pennant Dills shamefully in the shade. In the end, one philosopher sagely remarked, " Oh, well, it shows us what soma people will do : it gave old Pollard a job, and it gives us all something to talk about. 