THE BIG PRINCE BOOM. Yorlc and His Missus INTERVIEWED I5V THE BIUJ). Will They Visit Australia? The political editor of tho Bird is at presont in London trying to float a loan. Immediately on hearing that tho Promiers of tho Australian colonies, headed by Bendigo Patterson, had invited the Dook of York and tho Duchess (pre-eminent in grief) to visit Australia, we cabled him to sue York personally about it. We havo just at tho inoinout of going to press received tho following lengthy reply by cable : — London, Friday Night. Called at Wiudsor Castle early this, morning. When I knocked at the front gate llor Gracious thrust her head out of a turret window, on which tho sun nevor sots,' and told mo to put it in tho jug. Sho thought it was tho milk. On learning that the Bird, o'. Freedom wanted to soo her illustrious son on business, our twenty-' shillings-in-thc-pound Sovereign put on her coronation robes and came downstairs. Hor Majosty undid tho latch, and cor-, dially invited mo inside, and sent for York,., who had been up late the night before helping to chuck out tho Homo Rule Hill. Ho lias had enough of homo rule since tho honeymoon. Whilo wo were waiting for the future King of England to get shaved, llor Gracious enquired kindly after tho Boss tho Old 'Un, and tho rest of tho staff, and wanted to know if I had hoard what won tho Summe'r Cup. Sho said the potentate business was very dull just then. I said I thought it was. Sho said she missod the knight com panionship and gentle, kindly ways of Sir George D'ibbs very much. She had thought of making Ninny Molvillo a K.C.M.G, for the part ho took in rolieving the Hulli widows, but Gladstone bad advisod her to wait till after the holidays. Just here the Dook of York entered, and Her Gracious left, saying she would go and see about getting some tripe fried foe breakfast. The Dook shook me cordially by both feet, and rang tho bell for a bucket of milk punch. Ho said punch always reminded him of Mick Dooley. Seeing him in military uniform, I asked if he was a member of the Active Service! Brigade. Ho put his right forofirvger to his royal nose, winked his kingly eye, and replied, " Tommy Dodd." I enquired if he had received au invitation to visit Australia in company with his young and lovely bride. Ho said it had not yet como to hand, but he was considering it in advance. You know something about the colonies, lie suddenly exclaimed, " Will you answer mo a few questions ?" _ I assonted, and the Dook put tho follow ing queries to me : — " What is the price of beer in Sydney just now ?" " Will I have to say anything about the beautiful bnrbor ?" \- " Am I expected, to listeu to old P-arkes' reminiscences of early Colonial days ?" "Must I receive a deputation from the Smithiield Municipal Couucil about tho holes in their roads ? " " Can I have a free pass and private car riage for myself and the Missus while travelling on -your railways ? " Can a fellow get his eollars decently dopo up in New. South Wales ?" - " Could I tour tho private bars of Melr bourne incognito ?" 1 "Is Darlingliurst Gaol anywhere near Sydnoy ?" ",Will they have, the Treason Felony Act put into forco again , and lay the Kiaraa ghost while we are there ?" t ' These and a few hundred similar queries I answered to the Dook's satisfac tion, ami just as I had finished, young Mrs; Y oi l; came into the room! - Sho is a plain-looking, quiet, ordinary lady, but Potts Point no doubt will find . all the virtues of humanity iii hor, ar.d ' a little loft over for the ungols. I tried to got York to discount an I.O.U., but he ' said ho was not in sympathy with Colonial borrowing, and after another gallon or so of milk punch and some sauer kraut we parted, with a mutual promise 'to meet again opposite the Circular Quay sewer at an early date. ' " Reginald Bropliy, yoz has axed me to . become -ycr woife; I'm a wake woman — but I must Bhtrjigglo wid my feelings — i 1 I'm a widow. Look on those foive grav-e- sthones in tho lot yonder, and belavo me whin I tell yez that another husband's gravesthone added to thiin wud be the ' death iv me." Can't think of a good ministry to vote for ? Then eee tho 100 specimens pub- ' lished in tho Sunday Times to-morrow. You will certainly find one to suit you. Tliero are three prizes in tho " Best Ministry " Competition — £25, £15, £10. 