NOTES AND NEWS. I ' . ^as-ateswasM BRITISH AND FOREIGN. A committee appointed by the German Universities has been sending out circulars to Germans in all foreign countries, appealing for information as to situations available for the students graduating from those institutions, the object being to establish a central bureau from which German intellect can be sent forth into the world to earn a respectable livelihood. An infant prodigy has appeared in China. It is a boy of four years old, who has presented himself at the Licentiate examinations at Hongkong as a candidate for literary honours. Planyn Chehsicn personally examined this tiny candidate, and found that the child could write a concise essay on the subject that had been given him, although in an infantile scrawl. The figures relating to the Salvation Army week of " self-denial " in October last have only just been made up. The amount collected was £30,002. The sum collected by the same method the previous year was £30,000. The first Mrs. Rider Haggard was a Miss Carroll, of Baltimore. She was divorced from the English novelist, and is now living on the Pacific coast with a third husband. Mrs Haggard, and Carroll, is the original of the writer's remarkable creation the terrible and ageless beauty, " She-wlio-must- bc obeyed." The Czarewitch,, while in London, is said to have received a letter from Nihilists, accompanied by a fragment of a rusty chain, which the writer said was symbolic of the cruelty practised in Russia, and which, if persisted in, would bring about a terrible vengeance. The wardrobe of Mr. Alfred Dampier.' the well-known actor, which was seized for a debt due to the Wellington Opera House Co., was sold by auction recently for £76. The' property was valued by Mr. Dampier at £300. . Î Charles Turner, tenor, has a good stage ; presence-of mind. One night in Mignon, in the character of Wilhelm Meister, he, called out, "What ho! without there. Bring me a glass, of wine." Seeing the " super " advancing with a bottle, he-added coolly, "Or a bottle, I don't care which" of the people who talk about local industries, probably very few know that one of the very biggest industries in Australians that of Messrs William- son A Musgrove. Hundreds of people are employed, and hundreds of pounds go to them weekly, when the traditional ghost enjoys his hebdomadal promenade. A month or two ago the output of the firm in salaries and other expenses was over £3,000 per week all in cash, too, which is almost as rare as the amount paid. ' During, the recent Home Rule Bill discussion an occupant of the Distin- fuished Strangers' Gallery (said to be Mr. Thomas Walsh, editor-proprietor of the Cashel Sentinel) applauded Mr. Healy by clapping his hands, and was removed by the Sergeant-at-Arms. The wedding present of the British residents in Paris to the Duke and Duchess of York is to be a Sevres dessert service, which is now being manufactured from a design selected by Mr. Phipps and Lord Terence Blackwood, and approved by their Royal Highnesses. 2 The service is to consist of two jardinieres, four large dishes, four smaller dishes, and 40 plates. The Queen has a Eluvios dessert service, which is kept in cabinets in the green drawing-room at Windsor Castle, which was made for Louis XVI., and George IV. purchased it when he was Prince Regent. It was valued a few years ago at £50,000. According to the Westminster the statement that Lady Tryon had intended to give " the pension of £600 a year to which she is entitled " to the Victoria Relief Fund, but, inasmuch as that fund " is already in excess of the amount required " (which is untrue) she has declined the pension altogether, is foolish and absurd. " Naval pensions cannot be claimed as a right, and they are only conferred upon widows whose private incomes are inadequate, and this is not the case with Lady Tryon. The pension of an Admiral's widow is not £600 a year, but £120." One admirer at least of the old press gang is still in the flesh in the person of Major-General Tyrrell, who confesses to a feeling that this rough and ready mode of recruiting for the defence of the country was " not an unmixed evil" whenever he sees a lot of 'corner-men' loafing about a public house. I share' he adds, "the same feeling whenever I go into a draper's shop, and when I see those able-bodied men dribbling out yards of ribbon, cutting off yards of calico, and asking their lady customers what is the next womanly office they can do for them." Then it is that Major-General Tyrrell feels, as he puts it, real regret that the press gang is now in existence." Men (says a writer in Hearth and Home are quite as extravagant as women. " The other day a cigarette case made to order was of oxydised steel studded with diamonds of the first water. Its cost was a hundred pounds, and yet men laugh at women who have diamonds inserted in the face of their farms, where they are certainly more appropriate than in cigarette cases. A shaggy Irish terrier, the property of a wealthy young fellow, wears a silver collar with his name and his owner's crest and monogram in red enamel and diamonds, a positive invitation to dog stealers." An Order pour Ja Monte is to be established for waiters in Germany. This is as it should be. To whom should orders be given (asks the Globe) if not to the waiter 1 Ladies who desire to be the cynosure of neighbouring eyes are recommended by Colonel T. A. Dodge"; to adopt the Egyptian ladies' seat in lieu of riding a la militaire." The Egyptian lady uses the man's saddle, but she does not ride with her legs hanging down ; this would not suit her ideas of modesty, . though her Syrian cousin does not agree with her in this, but rides exactly like a man. Our Egyptian rider shortens her stirrups until the leathers are but a couple of inches long, mounts from a block, sits on the saddle as far forward as she can, throws her feet to the rear, so that they are right under her thighs, and rides solely by balance. She attempts nothing but a balance seat, and her knees " wobble in and out" as she pro- gresses along the street in charge of nor black attendant. She is, says Colonel Dodge, a sight to behold, and unquestionably the oddest Amazon there is. Ax INFANT'S WAR PAINT. - Napoleon Bonaparte, according to a French apologist, lost the battle of Waterloo because the English bribed his bootmaker to make him a pair of high-lows which should pinch his toes terribly, thus causing him to leave the field to seek another pair exactly at the critical moment when his strategy was most required. When he re-appeared with easy feet his army was routed. Thus do small events affect the fate of nations. Who knows whether history will not repeat itself in the case of Master Earle, and the British army lose a great general through an impor- tunate tailor damping his patriotic ardour by suing him and his father in the Westminster County Court for the price of a uniform Master Earle was in 1890 an infant only 19 years old, but his heart yearned to be a soldier. So he joined the Middlesex Yeomanry, and purchased a uniform from a tailor, who is also a member of the same warlike corps, for the sum of £16. Mr. Earle, the father, knew nothing about the affair until the infant came home one day in his warpaint, and was admitted by all to have a fine, soldierly demeanour. Then the tailor sent in his bill. The infant couldn't and the father wouldn't pay it, Hence an action on July 12, before Mr. Lumley Smith, Q.G., who decided that a yeomanry suit was not an infantile necessity, and gave judgment for the defendants with costs. The tailor can, however, have back the suit, and the hold of British warriors will be reduced by one, 