Everybody has heard the story of the man who was met by a noighbour running towards home, with a parcel mn his hand, as fastas his feet could carry him. On being asked the reason of his haste he replied that he had bought his wife a new bonnet, and he was taking it home as quickly as he could, for fear the fashion might alter be fore he got there. In political sffairs just I;now changes are so rapid and kaleidoscopic that a journalist scarcely knows how to write oven within a uny or t'wo of publication. When the Ministry for the time being io in the position or not knowing what a day may bring foez th, an 'dstor may Lt prsxdoned for being a little at sea also, "Beore these lines see the light the Dibbs Ministry may have met its long deserved Parhamentary condemnation and be con sidering the alt~ernative of a resignation or dissolution, That this is "Ra consummation devoutly to be wished" will obe endorsed by inoe.tenths of the people of New South Wales, One of thl MIinibteial journ~ls informled its readers lnt week that the Ministry w?ae riding for a fall, and that Sir George Dibbs was eager for " a trip to the. cuntty," w?ile the Ministry had a pro gronole of Ibood. measures ready for the esuntry and the Parliament to approve of. It may be that the disclosures made since Sthen have somewhat abated the assumed eagerness of the Premier to face the ele0tore. We have heard of nervous people whistling to keep their courage qp in ghost-haunted neighbounhoods at night. Napoleon the Thirdl blatantly boasted to the French nation before undertakili tihe Franco Prulssian war that every errangoment was perfect even to the putting on of the lasot gaitor button, Theo equol is a matter of history. France sustained not a repul, o. but'sa rout. It does not requere much pro science to indicate that in the event of a dissolution the defeat of Dibbsfsm at the -'polls would bens complete and erushtig as the disaster that culminated at Sedas. Hence, Sir George will oarr. on as long as he can with the aid of his £300-a-year brigade, and" free the music" of the con stituencios oily as a leot recource. New Bouth Waloa has never bed a MXinistry thalt has so completely diseoredit'd itself and the country as the present one he doneo. The eountsain the Indictment ogjinst it aro too many to spoesifilly refeor to j e't now, hti p ertomtioedepfli rcistien of tsymrl upkrer s its dinhonourable conspiracy to cause the labour members to violate their sacred pledges so as to enable it to eneak in pro tection; its unpatriotio lowering of the public credit; its extravagance; its finaucial incompetency; its administrative favouritism; and its shameless misuse of public patronge, are amongst the things which must sooner or later bring about its complete and irreparable downfall. The Minister for Mines has openly avowed the principle of " the spoils to the victors," and has admitted the appointment of a numbtr of his relations "by marriage" to the public service. In those days of general retrenchment the Ministry propose to add £60 per year to the sslary of the Inspector of Scaffolding-an office specially created to find a billet for that illustjrious pro tectionist luminary, Mr. It. C. Luscombe. The Director of Forests and the Govern ment pathologist-two competent and highly useful officers--are to be dispensed with, But the "Johusone" who have " a friend" find their nests even more closely lined than over. One favoured officer Is dowered with billets that bring him in £t1040 per year, in addition to University allowances and fees that probably reach £20fL0 per annum. The member for Durham-whose freetrade vote has been conveniently at the service of the Protec tionist Ministry-is rewarded by the ap pointment of a nephow to a position in which he has nothing to do but to sit on a stool during oilco hou.s and draw his salary regularly at the end of the month, And in thoe midst of all the straitness and depression the I.iuister for Works ostenta tiously accepls a tendor which practically meansmakiing a present of nearly £20,000 Ito a favoured finn for work of an inferior quality, and that is not required at all. It is not to be wondered at, under all these circumstances, that Sir Julian 8alamous adopts the policy of "scuttle and ruin," The reasons given for his resignation only show the utter want of principle on which the Ministry was originally constituted, and the opportunism by which it has bhon caulnied on up to the present, But the day of deliverance cannot now be long delayed, and the sooner it arrives the bettor, 