ONE OF Sill RICHARD OWEN'S GHOST STORIES. Sir Richard Owen (says a corres pondent of the Hail;/ AV/c.s) had two remarkable ghost stories, which it was high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be recorded here was perhaps the better of the two ; but its quality can scarcely bo judged of when detached from the peculiarly expres sive style the old professor bail, which added a charm to his telling of the story. In his early days, when lie held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in the gaol, and a post mortem as well as an inquest were necessary. After the inquest, the young surgeon saw the body put in the coffin, and the lid screwed down to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negroes' heads were not plentiful ; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to the prison with a black bag con taining one brick — from his official position he had no difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuary — where tho collin lid was unscrewed, and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol had a considerable descent ; and the time being winter with frost and snow, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length — the bag went from his hand, the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught tlie bag, and following the head, clutched it just as it had iinished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning as Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison he was called in by the woman of the shop where the accident bad occured on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband who was very ill. lie bad had, she said, a fright tlie night before that caused him to look wild and dazed-like. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures among the West-India islands, where many deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these bad been the killing of a negro, in which he hud a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble™on his conscience. After giving these details, the old captain told of the horrible event that took placc the night before. 11c was sitt ing in bis shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been thinking of the negro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, ancl it was followed by the devil, all in black, with a black bag in his hand. The devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the earth like a flash of lightning. The description was, perhaps, not quite complimentary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory so far that it showed his identity had not been recognised. 