Footligut Flashes. ANOTHER CRITGUION StlCCKSS. 'Tho Into Inmonlcd.' TIIK DAMl'IEItS AT THE ItOYAIi. Ilovirnl of ' Tlio Orcon l.ftiios or liiiBlniitl.' LAST NIOIITS OP 'ASIILMON OF MONEY' AM) 'OF 'EAST IA'XNK.' 'Alone In London 'mid 'It's Never Tod Lute To Jloml' on Saturday, 31ATIXCU AT licit HAJUSTY'S. Fllzgernld's Ills Circus— Hndnui Slcrlliiff' In Adclnidu— Klcknrds' TlvtHMlnslruls Still Iloomlng— ' The Vleiir ofllniy' In Jlolboui'iie — Amci'Iciui Items Anil the Latest News nnd Gossip. i Thoro is a silvor lining to nvory cloud, nud Messrs. Drough and Uoucicault, iu thoso days of dearth and depression, when ' nothing stirring but stagnation ' is tho order, of tho day, are to be congratulntod upon their judg ment in having placed beforo thu public such a bright, hilarious production as 'Tho Lnto jjameutoa, which was stiigctt lor tuo ursc time nt tho Critoriou uu Saturday night last. Tlio plot of tho play is of tho French i'ronehy, which is, porhaps, equivalent to saying that it is of tho earth earthy—and why not? Jlr. Frod Homer (no relation to thu historic Jack of that ilk) is responsible for tho adaptation, and it 'does him proud.' If tlio weary citizen wishes to forget the fact that he has a iixed deposit or a current account locked up in a bank pending reconstruction, ho can drop in at the Cri. aud spend a dollar or bo from his Safe Deposits' nest egg aud forget that thoro is auy trouble in tho world, or that it is worth whilo taking thought for the morrow. Urough is splendid ; ttoucicanlt plays 0110 of thoso character parts in which huoxcols, aud acts it in a niannor which would put John llaro on hia motal. 'Dot' is simply immonso as I'arkor, a ' Uriah IToopy ' kind of dependent, whom ono wants to get upon the stugo to kick. Airs, lirough is conventionally excellent as Mrs. C'rosao, and looks moro than usually uharmiug. Tho other members of tho cast includo Hiss Temple, Miss, Gibson, Miss.Adtv Lee, Messrs. Chichestor, Clithcrow aud M'Intyre. As au antidote to tho bank smash boom wo can heartily recommend ' Tho Lato Lamented' to fixed depositors nnd current account holders— whose name is logion. ? * * . *, 'East Lyinio'' has been playod for thu past ton days at Hbr Majesty's with gratifying succoss, and gives place on Saturday to Charles Keado's powerful drama, ' It's Novor Too Lato to Meudi' To-day the management have decided to givo a maiinco, and if the weather is propitious from a theatrical point of viow — that -is to say, if it is wot— a big houso may bo oipeotod. Jfoxt Snturduy night Mr. Uiguold is going to spread himself in tho production of ' It's Never Too Lato to Mend,' and has specially engaged for tho occasion a whole host of gouuiuo Jack Jackic3. On Saturday night the wily manage ment contrived to douuda opposition estab lishments ot thoir gallery by. putting up a 'souvenir night' and g-iviug each peraou who paid for admission a chanco of winning a reaily handsome gold watch valued at .£15. A Dampior soason without a rovivnl of that good old Adolphi drama, 'Tho Greon Lanus of England' would bo as anomalous as ' Hamlot' without tho ghost. . -Last Satur day night at tho Theatre itoyal, Mr. Dampior wisoly withdrow tho 'Slaves of Sydney' (which, but for its unfortunato misnomer, was- not without ihorit aa a drama), aud sla'.-cd 'Tho Green Lauos of England.'' 'Tho Green Laiios ' is a. really sterling driuna, and affords Mr. Dampior and Miss Lily Dampior plenty of scopo for spirited acting. Wo woro glad to noto that for tho ilrst timo during this soason Miss Dumpier scorned to rise to tho occasion, and showed' considerable animation as Meg Whealstnno. Mr. Dampier.'s dramatic recital of ' Tho Cliargo of tho Light Brigade.' calls forth nightly the plaudits of the whole houso. Mr. J. II. Hainford's Martin Whcatstone was a surpriso— and a pleasant ouo— to all who wituessod tho performance on Satur day, Uu most emphatically hurled back 'in tho teeth .of certain .' nasty ' candid friends the insinuation that iu his caso 'superfluous lags tho voteran'on tho stage.' All who know ' Jimmy ' Kainford tiro awiiro that thero aro few moro tender-hearted mon, or generous supporters of thoso in want, and iu his impersonation of Martin Whoatskino there was manifested gcuuino aud considor able dramatic force. Sir. Harry Lesion has a part ill Gustuvus J01103 which suits him to 11 T, and keeps llio house in a roar of lunghtor whon ho is ou. Miss Alico May is vory protty and piqunnlo us Clara Sclby, and it is a pity that tho part is not 0110 which givc3 her bottor opportunities for displaying hor undoubted abilities in comedy. Mr. Harry Dimmer nnd Mr. llarford aro always conscientious and intelligent in any part thoy aro cast for, whilst Miss Julia Morton and Miss Kathcrino Mussell contribnto their quota, to what taken all round is a roally croditablo performance,, capitally staged and woll acted. 'A Million of Monoy' has boon drawing good houses at tho Lycoum sinco it was 'put on, but tho mauagomuiit havo decided to lako it off next Saturday and replace it by ' Alono in London.' ' A Million of Monoy' is probably tho best staired pioco Australia has ovor soon, audit in a rogrettablo fact that tho infernally bad timos havo prevented it from running n couplo of months, which it deserves to do. To-uiglit Huh beautiful thcatro ought to bo packed. ? ? . » Mr. Harry Rickarda1 ndmirora turned up in great forco nt tho Tivoli Thoatro last Satur day night, and as is customary at this popular hbuso of variety, ovory scat was occupied long boforo tho show started, and numbers wero Tlio particular items which met with most approval, undoubtedly wero tlio character skotchea and comio impersonations by Mr. Harry llickards, who sang, by unanimous re quest, no less than, five songs, including his latest costor impersonation, ' I'rotty Little Polly,' which bids fair to become us popular as 'Tho Littlo Nippor,' nud Co. The chorus by tho twouty high-kicking ladios, which, by tho way, was rondered amusing by tho condition of ono Indy going out, wont wolf. Tbo comedietta by Mr. Goo. Woods ami nil tho principal artists of tho Tivoli Company also kcorcd a unocess, and this is, perhaps, tho most laughnblo thing of its kind wo liavo ovor had iii Sydney, and is full of fun all through. Mdlle. Viueeni, with selections on tho violin, also met with much favor, liesidos tho now items mentioned, tho programme, which was a very long one, was most coinmeudabla nil through, and as boforo utatod, inut with general approval. It should conliuuo to fill this hall just as long as tho management boo fit to lot it run. ... ? ' ? .'.???? ? ' ',.. ? Mr. Harry Barrington and bis- imperial. Minstrel and Specialty Company conoludod tlidir season at tho Opera House last Saturday night no far an wook-day pnrformnucos aro concorned, bnt thoro waa a; concort last Sunday ovoning by Mr. Harrington and his combination.'. . ; . .?.'.. .'. . ????? ?..;?.. .... ?..'?' . :?' '.- ?? ' Manager Wybnrd is laying himsolf out for his patrons at Tiondi Aquarium to-day. - Ho has spooially ongagod X'rofossor .11. T. M. Maoltay, tho ' oolobratod piper and national dancer, tho Loo|iolds. and Nor'ris and Wil liams, tho burloBquo skaters. Trams in any quantity. . ? .' ? Madame Antoinotto Storling opened on Friday night nt tho Town Hall, Adolaido, and was rocefved by n largo, enlhuniastio, nnd fashiouablo audionco, ineludiug tho Oovornor of South Australia. Tremendous outbursts of applauso and a porfiiet Btorm of cheering following the conclusion of each Kong. Tho audience wero ,so exacting that Madamo ?Sterling had to accodo to its doiuaiuls, and Hans, niincoonipanled, a hymn with such womanly Hympathv and intense uarueHtiieHs as to appeal ntraiithl'to tho hearts of the hcarnrs. On Saturday the Town Hall was again filled, anil hundred!) wore refused admission. Tho Governor was again present. Madame Storling was encored for ovorv snug. Slio opons iu Sydney ou June 10 at the Town Hall. Mr. L. J. Lohr is managing. ? « * Harry Rioknrds will put on a groat holiday bill nt the Tivoli'to-night. » ? ? Mr. J. St. Clnir will manage llio lour through Now Zealand of Miss Maggie Mooro. ? « ? ? Messrs.' Gourlay, Walton, nnd Shine aro still iu Adolaido, but thoir season closes on Friday. Tho Broueh and Bmioioault Comedy Com pany is bookod through Now Zoaland noxt ?Soptomber. ? ? ? At Napier Pollard's Huvomlofl did woll. Marion AlitehoH'ii voico is all right again, and ' Tho Gondoliers ' was a groat succcsb. ? » ? Walter Bontloy is now in Nowoastlo. Ho oponcd iu ' The Silver (King ' on Monday, at the Victoria.Thcatro. to a full hoiisn. Thu well-known play will bo stugod for tho last timo at this house to-night. ? ? ? Goorgo Darroll roplacod 'Lifo for Lifo' with 'Tlio Doubio I'ivont' 011 Saturday last at tho Adolaido Koyul. Mr. Darroll has 11 good company,, including tho Misses Edith Bltiudo nud Jonnio Leu, aud MesHrs. Charles Brown, G. P. Caroy.Kobort Inmiui, and A. G. Poulton. ? ? ? Tlio Thoatro Itoval, Christchuroli, hai boon secured for tho fallowing dates :— May 10 aud 25, Williamson's Gaiety Jiurlesquo Company; June 12 and 22, Maggie iMooro'n Comedy Com pany; Juuo'iU to July 15, Pollard'H J.illipu tion Opera Company ; September 23 to October ]],Blnud Holt; October 30 to Norouibor.il, MissMyraKcmblo. ? 8 * Tho Gaioty Theatro, ronbvatod and brought right up to data, will bo reopened to-night, when Georgo Donna's youthful ooora bouffo company, will appear, in Planquotto's oelo briuod and popular comio opora, ' Kip Yuri Wiuklo.' Tho scalo of charges in a particu larly low ono, and it's long odds tho Gaiety is pncked.to tho doors to-night. Mr. W. II. Manning is acting as business manager during the season. ? ? » Tho New Zkaland Mail (Wellington) Bays : — ' Tlio Gaiety J3urlcsquo Company havo douu magiii[icout business during tho wook with ' Cnrnion Up to Dntu ' and ' .loan of Arc' On Saturday niglit a grand mixed programmo is announced, which should draw a hig houso. . The' com- pnuy loavo for Chiistoliurch 611 Monday. May 15\. Thoy aro bound to do woll through tho The San Francisco Chronicle, of April 15, says: ' Amongst tho pnssongers on tho 8.8. China, duo here to-day from Yokohama, is Clement William Scott, known all ovor tho world as tho dramatic critio of tho London Daily Telegraph.' Awaiting his arrival wero Miss Constauco Margarot Brandon, who had just arrived from London to moot her fiituro hiixband, and Mr. Austin Urcroton, tho journalistic associate of Mr. Scott, and who, by tho way, is woll known in. Sydney. Tho CliitONiOLE devotes nonrly two oolumns to Miss Brandon, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Broroton under the heading of ' A Critic's itomauco.' 