< INSIDE NEWGATE, JAMES GREENWOOD, TTTB XSMXEXJB. CASUAL. Author of " The Amateur Casual," " Under ; avGloud," " A Little Ragamuffin," *« Dick Temple," " Almost Lbst;" " Reuben David per," " Humphrey Djot," " Wilds ; of London," " In Strange Company,! '•.Unsentimental Journeys," ~" Low Life Deeps," "Silas the Conjuror," "Jerry Jacksmith, of Lower London," "Tag, Bag, and Co.," " Fair Phyllis of Lavender Wharf," Ac., 4c. 'fT'HE gaol at Newgate, regarded merely as a place of safe keeping for evil doers on whom the law has laid a repressive hand, is one of the most interesting of prisons. It was the lion of its kind in the old times; but of late years ic is shorn of its claws, and has attained a degree of tameness that in Captain Macheafcb's time, would have been deemed impossible. The spiked wicket is no longer kept by a fierce. gaolor, surly as a mastiff at the mouth of his kennel, but by an affable official, respectful and civil'as a well bred footman. My cicerone was an elderly and experi enced warder, and by way possibly of mak ing known to me the fact that if I had gained admittance under false pretences and with sinister intentions I should find that I had made ajerioag mistake, be led the way to an apartment and opened a cupboard, where the fetters> were kept—a bright shin ing iow of the modern pattern, with a few examples of the ancient " darbies," such as, I supp»>«e, were used at a time when the art of breaking out as well as getting into New gate was a branch of the "professional's", education—monstrous things, some of them —and'he unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, and they weighed at least a quarter of a hundredweight, and the leg irons to match were even more massive. In the same receptacle, and evidently preserved as precious mementoes of the past, were the anvil and hammer with which at the last moment the cruel blacksmith struck off the galling encumbrance, together with several other interesting relics of the good old time. The irons, I was informed, were seldom or never used now, except when prisoners were in course of removal from one prison to another. — « I came on many other thing's that used to be<the pride and glory of Newgate, but. which had been abandoned since the renowned criminal stronghold had mended its manners. I saw, too, the black hole— half-a-dozen black holes indeed—bub no one is ever placed in them. Another Newgate institution, observed from time immemorial, is now obsolete—the condemned sermon. I ascertained this from my conductor as we stood in the prison chapel. As of old, to the left and to the right there ^are spaces in which the criminal congregation4 is accommodated, railed off from the rest of the sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron stout enough to secure the most ferocious creatures of prey ever exhibited a6 _a menagerie, and there too was the doomed one's chair (I always understood that be sab in a pew), a stiff and straightbacked black chair which, when occupied, was placed apart from anyiother seat and in fair view of the parson in the pulpit. But he now participates in the sermon in common with the rest, and is never specially preached at. But if tftere is no condemned sermon, i (Newgate is still faithful to its condemned and for the fact that hundreds of miserable wretches have sat at that table qnd lain on that bedstead, counting the rapid hours that seemed so hungrily anxious to eat up their dwindling remnant of existence, there is nothing- dreadful about the" condemned cell. It is aboutthesizeof an ordinary underground back-kitchen, and about as well-lighted. There is a little shelf, on which repose the dying man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, ;and his Bible, unnecessarily branded "Newgate" on the leaves. There is a very small deal table and a little form, and these" last-mentioned articles of furniture, as well as the floor boards, are scrubbed white, and the vaulted ceiling is white, and the walls. There is many a cell in which a poor man with his family is condemned to five and pay several shillings a week for, in the shape of rent, that is not nearly so desirable a place of abode as regards cleanliness and .good ventilation. There is no fireplace, and the gas jet burns in a little wire cage, presum ably to prevent frantic persons from, attempt ing suicide by burning. I asked whether the condemned, as a rule, gave much trouble*; the ivarder answered unhesitatingly, " No ! There were excep tions, of course; but generally, after they got over the first fright, they settled down* wonderfully calm, and'remained so until the last," which is evidence that it is in human< < nature to dread death itself less than-the' torture of th$ " cat." It is .in the experi ence of every prison official . I ever, talked with on the subject that \ a ruffian, being uncertain as.to the morning!.-when he is to; have, as he himself would -say, "" claws . for breakfast," is in the habib* of.lying night after night in a sweat of terror lest to-morrow .should be the doleful day. But there is one feature. of Newgate's' interior,a recollection of whicH willprobably abide in the memory' of tho' man >who rsets. .eyes on it, long after all else connected withi the grim prison is forgotten—the murderers' buryiag-ground.- When one' reads that "the-body of the malefactor was the saJne afternoon buried within the precinctejof ,the* gaol," the natural inference iB that there is a graveyard, that there is a spot, at the rear of tfae'chapel very likely, set apart) for the interment of those who are sacruiged to the law's just vengeance, and that, though the unhallowed hillocks are devoid of head or footBtone, there is a registry kept, by which the authorities can tell whose disgraced remains they cover. This, however, is by oo means the system adopted. The guide; unlocking a door, discovers a narrow paved alley, between two very tall, rough-hewn walls, which are adorned -with whitewash. They alley is, perhaps, five and-lwsnty yards long, and not so wide but that two 'men joining hands could easily touch the sides of it, and at the end there is a grated gate. " This," remarks the civil warder, " is where we bury 'em, and you naturally con clude that be alludes to a space beyond the 'gate, and that he is about to traverse the alley, and open it. Instead of this, barely has he stepped over the threshold than he points to the letter " S," dimly visible on the yall's surface. " And, says he, " Slifc wizeo, who was hanged for murdering his wife and burning £er body," and beforo your breath, suspended by the startling announcement, is restored to you,, he lays his forefinger on another letter a few inches off. " Ketchcalf, who cub the throat of his fellow-servant ; Brambleby, who split his father's Ekull with a garden spade; Greenacre, who mur dered Hiuinah Brown and afterwards cut up her body," and so as he keeps shift ing, barely a foot at a time along the whitened wall, he goes on adding to the horrible list, while the ghastly fact dawns ou you that every letter denotes a body cut .down from the gallows, and that the pave ment you are walking on is bedded in the remaius of who shall say how many male and female murderers ? We are compara tively moderate in modern times in the use of the hempen cord as a remedy against man-slaying, but it was only a generation back, when business was exceedingly brisk in that line ; a hanging was looked for in the Old Bailey on a Monday almost as much as a matter of course as the cattle-market in Smithfield on a Friday. Then, as now, the dreadful little lane between the high walls was the only place of sepulchre for those who passed out • to death through the Debtor's door. The very paving stones bear witness to the many times they have been roughly forced up by unskilled hands that a hole may be dug for the reception of the poor coffined wretches who wear ijuicklilm: for tl.ruud. There La not a wiiole in the, •ngfch of' r.be alley, anrl they are patch* i '"d cobbled and mended with dabs o mortar in the most unhandsome way. "A very large number must have be<; buried here at one time and another/ I remarked. " Blees you, yes, sir," replic.1 the Newgate warder of long service, " yoi can't half see the letters. They need to be all. over the other wall as well, but, being wh'itetied every year, the letters at last got filled up." It was not a pleasant idea, and I fcelieve that the cracked and unstable condition of the .paving stones suggested it, but it came into my mind as I scanned the walls and made out scores and scores of ancient letters, showing ghost-like through the obliterating whitewash, what a hideous crowd it would make if those to whom the initial applied could all in a moment be recalled to life. The narrow alley would not hold them all. There would ensue such a ferocious crushing and striving for escape that there would be murder done over again and such work for the hangman that he would be striking for extra pay. 