A CHRISTMAS RIDE. We Bat on the front verandah, cool on a Christmas Eve gone by, The Editor of the Tintaraban Times, the Editor1* wife, and I; The girls and the boys in the house behind made melody, weird and wild, " Christmas carols, Tintaraban ' style," the Editor said and smiled. The level rays of the setting sun through the vine-clad trellis came, And touched the white, and the red wine bright into topaz and ruby flame.' * Hermitage both, yon may take your oath," qnoth the Editor, with a grin; "I got them in Jiea of subscriptions due from Vigneron Patsy Finn." The Editor's face was brown and lean, and bis forehead was scored and,lined, But his dark grey eyes were merry and keen &8 his wif^a were blue and kind; score of years ago.'" They locked at each other, laughing low, at a jest unknown to me, As happy a pair, as they sat there, as eyes might .wish to see; " Mary, my pride, shall I tell of that ride f" with a dancing eye in his head, The Editor asked of his wife; she smiled, and " Yes, if you like," she saii. ' " In'sixty-eight, and God bless tbeidate," the Editor then began, *• I was light and lithe and young and blithe and cared not for any man; Ah, those were days 1 There were no grey hairs like these yon see on my brow, When spur on heel hud a homelier feel than pen in the band has now. Bat though I was; much to'myself, as sucb, some weaknesses I mast say I wasn't above, so I fell in love with the daughters of Morgan Shea; There were but two, yet 1 vow to you that which of them, Mary or Anne, J wanted to marry 1 knew no more than the least interested man. Mazy was fair, and Anne was dark, and both were the country's boast, Though now (with a wink) that I come to think it was Anne was admire! the most; And both were kind and both inclined to like me—but chiefly Anne." " Conceit," said bis wife, and fondly smiled on the little grey-bearded m«n But I was only a printer then, with only a printer's pay, To keep myself and a hungry horse," he went on to remark," while they Were daughters of rank, with coin in the bank, their father a sqaatter prond, When (quarters were all of the aristocrats in this country side allowed. * And Morgan Shea .had all of thejpride of his class, and a trifle more, And he gave me to .understand one day that if ever 1 darken'd hi* door He'd shoot me as sure as sudden death; and he had a quaint grim way Of keeping hi* word, however absurd, the same Mister Morgan Shea. ■"But Love, they say, has its own strong way <of piercing obstacles through; How much more so with a love' like mine that was ample enough for two ? And thus, perchance, to my veering mind it snddenly did occur That Anne was the girl who was meant for me—ftndj settled it so with her. So it came to pass on a nigh, like this, when the moon rose late and large, That I we to the homestead of Morgan Shea, with a swift led horse in eharg*. The horse that I rode myself—ah, well, I have seen some horseflesh since, Bat seldom a breed with the stay and epsed of the breed of old Black Prince. That's always'fexcepting Shea's own home—a; territde great red roan And his ci^ami white mare-there were none to compare w?«ii Black Princebut these alone; Bnt these there was nothing to catch or match, nothing to tame or tire; The wind of their wake {on the coldest day was a breezs that burned like fire. Strong language, this[? Well, perhaps it is. Bnt remember I tell yon—I— f ' There were horses to ride in thiB country side a scorn of years gone by. ; Bnt the roan and the mare I could safely swear were secure in their stable, so We had nothing to fesr on that moonlight side a score of years ago. Across fc.he bridge onj Gulliver's Creek, and over the Frenchman's Hill We swept, and down to tbe long grey flat— and there in the mcolight still Bow after row the ring-barked trees rushed by as on either band, ,, Like processions of sheeted ghosts they seemed, swift-flitting across the land. Galloping there 1 became aware of the sound of hoofs behind, And " Anne," I cried, " we have ridden fast, t,.ut now we must bora the wind." For answer I heard a laugh; I tamed—and there was a Bight to see 1 As 1 am a man, instead of Anne,J it was Mary who code with me. *• A Printer's error!" you'll say. It was, bnt I was a patient man, And I was in love with Mary, too, though I had arranged with Anne. And so. . . Bit his wife interrupted here. " Yon Bse it was this way—Jim Had taken so long to make ap his mind that we made it ap for Mm." The Editor said—",Having gone bo far yon can very easily see There was nothing to do but keep going on," a thought borne in on me With especial force as over the coarse dry creek bed rabble the grind And grind I heard, and grew cold to hear, of the galloping hoofs behind. For I knew, without turning head to see, by the insolent easy way They were roping as in 'twas the roan and the mare belonging to Morgan 6hes. But the road was clear, and our goal was sear, end I whispered to Mary—" Bide; TU rein hp here—and good-bye, my dear say Jim in hii stamps died." Of course this was bluff, and she laughed etongb, and " Die if yon must and will," Touching my horse with her whip, she said— | " bnt first to the church oh the nill." . . And there on the Old Man Hill we were met, full-face, by the golden dawn, \ad behold, in its light, like amber bright, the tresEes of Mary shone. And I felt that, in time. I might bear the ehock of the change of sweethearts, when I heard, like thunder of waves on the rock, the roan and the mare again, And, oh, if for Mary and me it had not been a grim and a tragic thing, It wonld have been joy to have gazed just then on the splendid space-cleaving swing Of that wonderful pair as like crested waves in the dawn op the hill they came As though a challenge of speed to bear to the Morning's coursers of flame. Mary said " Yes; they're a splendid pair— it was settled long since—that's Anne Yon see on the mare, and the red roan there is ridden by Dan McCann." 'Twas so. The woman, woman-like, thought of the human pair, man-like I Thought of the horses—so we are made—bnt under the morning'sky Marriages twain took place, and I had for groomsman Dsn McCann, 1 And tor bridesmaid—sancily smiling at me— lo, and behold yon; Anne I And Morgan Shea I . What had he to say ? He had much to say, indeed, Too profane and vain to hint in print, thongh lurid enough to read In the dark. However, the end was this— he bought the " Cobargo Crimes " (I call it so) tor Dan, and for me this same Tintaraban Times. The editor and his wife arose, and "A Printer's Error,"-said he, "It was." At each other they fondly smiled. And we drank to that error, did we, And I thought, as I looked at the pair, " Oh, there, I well know all about the leaven Of error one finds in printing on earth—bnt this error was made in Heaven. —Victor J. Daley. 