N'XMPOBTE* Bt J. O. Bi In the Herald there appears a letter from 'Lex ' in which he loftily alludes to the ' almost invariable incapacity' of the lay mind ' to un ravel even the smallest of legal difficulties.' It might be humbly asked : ' How many legal diffi culties do lawyers unravel to the satisfaction of other lawyers ?' There are daily and, to the unfor tunate litigants, expensive examples of how legal t knots are untied by one voi^rc, retiea by anotner, and finally cut to pieces for want of a better method by the supreme court of appeal— the Privy Council. Come to think of it, it does seem droll to make laws at one end of the world and send them for interpretation to the other end. Thus in many instances lawyer made laws bring home to most of us the force of the apparent paradox that the office of language is to conceal thought, not to express it. A Lis more sawmill caused the trouble between ' Lex ' and his opponent. A Justice said the machinery should be stopped while he was adjudicating in the neighbourhood. What's more, he smartly fined the proprietor for not closing at once. This ques tion of contempt of court will have to be settled sooner or later — sooner preferably. * * * * Only very dull people say there's no such thing as luck. Every observant person of mature years must have noticed how frequently good or bad fortune pursues a man for years. Sometimes, like the letter H, it attends at his birth and awaits him in death — comes to him in the cradle, and never leaves him till the doctor and the undertaker meet at the door — the leech leaving, the mute entering. Of the two— good luck and bad — the latter is by far the more affectionate wife. . , She sticks to you through thick and thin, always flourishing her marriage lines in your face when you want to cut and run. Look at the case of the native teacher alluded to at a religious conference in Sydney on Tuesday. He was stationed at one of the Pacific islands, with a mangrove s watop at the back door and a meridian passing through the middle of the floor. Things^ were going with him as well &b; any reasonable man could desire - when, without any warning, an ' unfortunate accident ' — so it was called at the conference — happened which should embitter the remainder of his life. Win wife angered him. Even in highly progressive societies such things happen. He struck her — partly for disciplinary purposes, and partly to relieve his feelings. As if to show the stubborn ingratitude of woman, she went outside and died. As one journal puts it, she ' took a round turn and fell dead.' Such was the 'unfortunate accident ' that befel this poor man. There are many backward communi ties — Texas and TT«TiRftg for example — where the neighbours would have induced nim also to go outside and fall dead. Muscular Christianity is good in its way ; but it may be too highly culti vated. ? * * * Even without the franchise, so demonstratively demanded by some of them, the ladies of thfa colony — of all Australasia, in fact — have much cause for thankfulness. It is tacitly assumed, much as a geometrical axiom which neither re quires nor admits of proof, that the happiest com munity is one with a preponderance of males, so long as the disparity is not too great. Should a sex ?famina ever occur through any cause — undue disproportion of births, unprecedented fatalities in war, or any one of many possibilities— the result would be calamitous. So far, Australasia has kept up her masculine superiority (in numbers, ladies — in numbers only), although, with the per sistency of her nature, woman is daily gaining in the race. Still, so long asliostilities are avoided and colonial youths avoid going to sea in any numbers, the average proportion — 21 boy . births .to 20 girl, the world over — will for a lengthened period keeps the males in advance. Bat observe England and Wales. There the females outnumber the inferior sex by close on a_ million. With womanhood suffrage there would' not only be a female monarch as at. present, but female premiers, pries ^politicians, ana policemen. In some ways, perhaps, this would be no cause for regret. It would be almost worth while to commit a trivial offence so as to be taken down by a pretty parson in petticoats, or taken up by a pouting constable in crinolines. To be hand cuffed by a buxom maiden in a pannier would re concile many a man to a night at the watch house. The picture, of course, has a reverse— an ugly one. Widows would probably be employed as searchers. ? Thus, how pleasant soever the journey to the station might be in cheerful company, the prospect of being ' gone through ' by an experienced relict at the end would blanch many a cheek. * * * * The cuckooo is the Ishmael of the air : its beak is against every bird, and every bird's beak against it. It has been sung in every ^ European tongue, which is more than can be said of many birds far before it in size, in speed, in usefulness, and, above all, in moral rectitude. But poets cornered for a subject will apostrophise anything. They sang of Helen of Troy for no earthly reason except that she left a highly respectable and probably* too indulgent husband -to follow a notorious vagabond. The cuckoo, bo far as I'm aware, is at present unknown in Australia. So was once the sparrow. But as one sentimentalist introduced the latter bird — much to the chagrin of farmers — another thinks of acclimatising the former. Before adopting this perilous course it might be as well for him to know some of the creature's traits. No more cruel or ungrateful bird flies. It not only places its progeny on other shoulders, but the young ones when boarded out do everything in their power to make their foster parents' lives miserable. It is not an angel that is entertained unawares by tlrtTpoor finch or robin which, failing to count the eggs, engages with mother solicitude to hatch the lot. Almost before breaking the shell the stranger commences its career of ingratitude and crime. Its rude appetite keeps the old birds on the wing from dawn to dark. During their frequent absences it half plucks and sometimes wholly throttles the legitimates. While still a callow fledgling it studies the physical peculiarities of the true heirs for no appreciable object beyond gripping them ^ at intervals by the tenderest parts and throwing them out of the nest. This amuses it till the parents return, when, with a greed begotten of ages of hereditary brigandage, it spreads its beak wide enough to accommodate the whole family dinner. It is worse than an Irish middleman. Let the acclimatiser pause before introducing such a creature. There is no room in New South Wales for useless mouths whose owners hatch nothing but spite against their kind. W * * At present in New South Wales both political parties — tbe country really possesses 141 (the number of representatives), each with a high opinion of its leader — are beating up for recruits. When Cromwell could get no good of tie tap sters and waiting men and general riff-raff that composed the bulk of the army before he took it in hand, what did he do? Just as the colony's poli ticians are doing — he went to the country with bugle flnfl drum and fife to rouse up the rustics. In one sense, perhaps, the most melancholy feature of the present campaign is that so many of the leaders on each side are met by brass bands at distant stations, where the chances of escape are few. It is difficult to be courageous, of even co herent, when a sturdy bushman with cymbals has his or her eye upon you. Like Haidee, who smiled when Juan's pronunciation was right, and still more when 'twas wrong, the powerful rustic musician — generally a blacksmith with hands like hams — sniggers when he makes his discs meet at the end of a sentence, and laughB outright when, through some mistake, they come together in the middle. ... At the Sydney Thettre Royal on Saturday night an unrehearsed rehearsal was staged. Something went wrong with the 'ghost,' and no persuasions apparently could induce the wayward spirit to budge. Actors and audience faced each other— the former explaining, the latter complaining. When the hardened vil lain approaches the footlights and declares with obvious sincerity that it is impossible for him to continue night after night robbing and forging, and seducing and murdering for nothing — it is then that the unreality of stage life is most apparent. There is a moment in the existence of almost every theatre-lover when for a brief period he becomes in consolable, and fancies the bottom has fallen out of things. It is when the cruel fact comes re morselessly home to him that one step across the footlights, one stride from the auditorium to the proscenium, lands him in the domain of tinsel and make-believe. Even the least imaginative person feels helpless and lonely when some cherished illusion ie destroyed. Yet, after all, what is life itself but a lugubrious march, where every step means the fall of an idol or the burst ing of a belief ? ... It has been discovered that beer-drinking enlarges the feet. Thus, this particular beverage, in spita of all the songs snng in its praise, possesses the reprehensible character istic of enlarging the body at both ends and bulging it in the middle. 