. POLITICAL POINTS. Air. Waddcll : — " The vast majority of tho western lessees have lost almost tho whole of tho money they havo put into the land, and instead of being rich are among the poorest men in the country." Sir George Dibbs:— " The responsibility for much of tho pre sent distress rests with the members below the gangway (the Tabor members), whose ceaseless talking and waste of time have ob structed legislation." "As soon as 10 o'clock comes there is a general stampede of members from the House, and business is stopped." "Legislation which would give employ ment is blocked, because members whose duty it is to sit here, and who arc paid to sib here, leave the chamber before half the night's work is done." Air. M'AIillau : — " If the central division pastoral lessees, whose position is insecure to-day, were given certainty of tenure, lo-monow there would be flood-gates of employment opened to hun dreds if not thousands of people in the country." " It is disgraceful to a country like this that there should bo thousands and thou sands of men out of employment." "And while there is 110 doubt a small sub stratum of those who will not work, yet the largo majority are only too willing to take employment if thoy can get the chance." Air. Rac : — " Furnish the people with the liberty to get at natural opportunities and the unem ployed problem will solve itself." " It will nob be by any effort of Govern ment that you will solve this problem. What the people really want is to be left alone." Air. Dowel : — " If members would only assist in passing measures for the expenditure of private capital instead of systematically opposing them, the unemployed would soon have plenty of work," Air. Cook : — " What we want is not so much new legis lation as a little vigorous and judicious ad ministration." " The Government can grapplo with the problem practically if it chooses." Air. Hindlc:— " There arc two classes of unemployed — one as the result of some habit in which they have indulged, and the other because of the effects of the depression." Air. Melville : — "lam not in sympathy with those who aro always denouncing capital." " There arc scores of men who had capital a few years ago and who are to-day as badly off as any of the unemployed." "If the strike of 183S is responsible for the distress in Newcastle, let the chairman of the A. A. Company be brought up and made to answer for it." " Let the Government do as the banks arc doing, issue paper money, and then begin to construct public works." Air. Walker: "The lion, member (Mr. Hayncs) will yet make his fortune in a circus." Air. Ilayncs: "You made yours as a ghost." Air. Reid : — " The Government must rccogniso its responsibilities in this matter." " As it assisted the banks during a time of panic, so it must assist starving men during a period of unparalleled distress." Air. Gough : — " I have never seen so many men carrying swags and camping on the roadside, ami begging bread from the different farmhouses, as 1 have seen during the last five months." "Lotus do something practical for once. Let us subscribe £1 per member every week here, which would he £145 a week, to assist these starving men on to tho land." Air. Kelly: "There are individuals who are extracting money from tho public ostensibly to relievo tho unemployed, but really for their own aggrandisement." 