THE STORY-TELLER. THE PRIORY GHOST. PART II. Seeing that the other was disinclined to be communicative, Meredith changed the subject, introducing any topic he could think of which he thought might interest him. In vain, Both felt that, they were further apart than when they had last met. There was, in fact, a barrier between them which neither knew how to remove. En- grossed in his own reflections, Verschoyle did not keep up the first semblance of bonhomie, a little, indeed, resenting Meredith's efforts in one direction, since he did not seem likely to make any in another of more importance. Both men were equally relieved when a ruddy-cheeked servant-maid appeared at the door, and informed them that dinner would be ready in ten minutes now. Verschoyle led the way into the house, showed Meredith to a room, and then availed himself of the opportunity to say a few hurried words to his sister. " Remember, Madge ; there's no neces- sity for offering him a bed. Only a chance visit ; that means nothing ; and therefore dinner is quite enough. How have you contrived it ?" " Oh, pretty well. No need for pretence. He must know by the general aspect of things how it is with us." " Well give the mother a hint not to press the hospitalities." " He would not care to remain if she did, I should think ; there is nothing to attract him here;" adding, with a little surprise, " but I should have thought you would have been glad to welcome any one, dull as you find it, Laurence." "If I were not in such straits I might. You know I am at my wits' and just now, liable to be seized at any moment for that wretched debt." He had given it the name of debt to her, and she had not the slighest suspicion that it was anything worse. At that moment Allan Meredith entered the room, which not even the shabby furniture and appurtenances of the dinner table could render mean looking, with its noble proportions, oak ceiling, carved, high chimney piece, and oriel window. There was not sufficient carpet, even for the fashion—only, indeed, one large old Turkey rug; and that was spread in the recess of the window, where were also a a finely carved, high backed, well cushioned chair, small work and writing tables, and other last relics of better days, devoted to the use of the invalid ; a gentle, suffer- ing looking woman, with traces of great beauty in her thin, worn face. Meredith was introduced to her by her daughter, with a tone and look which showed she felt she was still something to be proud of. Her pride in, and loving care of, her mother was, indeed, evident enough. Even his eyes could see how much more thought had been expended upon the invalid's toilet than upon her daughter's, of which the most that could be said was that it was neat as any village girl's might be. Mrs. Verschoyle received the stranger with the simple courtesy of good breeding. There was no allusion by word or look to the altered fortunes of the house ; no attempt at explanation; but a simple earnest welcome which had its full effect upon Allan Meredith. He noticed, too, at the table, that no apologies were made for the dinner, until the coutemptous shrug of the shoulders which Laurence gave as he glanced from the dish of curried mutton at one end to the remainder of the same joint that served as a roast at the other, called forth the reply :— " It is the best I could do, Laurence. There was no time to sent into town, and I hope that Mr. Meredith might have sufficient appetite after his walk, perhaps, to be able to dine on what we have," apologising to her brother, as she had not felt it to necessary to apologise to their guest. " That am I, Miss Verschoyle," he said, determined that she should see no lack of appreciation on his side. " I have eaten only a biscuit since 8 o'clock this morn- ing;" going on to explain what had brought him to the neighborhood. "I had got a little out of condition from overwork, and—" " Overwork !" put in Laurence. " Of what kind ?" " Oh, you know I used to have a fancy for comparing evidence, and latterly I have plodded a little too closely in getting at some I wanted," speaking a little hesi- tatingly and awkwardly in his desire to avoid seeming to pose. " I needed change of scene and more out of door exercise. It happened that a final settlement had, just now, to be made about a small property my father had in this county, and I thought it would be an object, or at any rate give me the change of scene they talked about to go and look after the sale myself." "I did not know you owned property in this direction, Meredith." " It was of very little importance ; only a small farm ; bat there was some compe- tition for it, on account of its joining Lord Drayltown's property. He wanted to take it into his park." " Did you let him have it?" " No ; it was not so much a question of money with me, and the tenant who had held it so long, and done his best for the house and land had, I considered, the first claim. He and I settled it together without much law. He is the possessor of the farm, and I have brought away a roll of notes ; that's about all." " I suppose a small farm does not fetch much in these days," said Ver- schoyle. " This would have fetched more had I allowed them to bid one against the other ; three or four instead of two thousand, I was told." " Two thousand would seem a pretty good haul to some people. Notes, do you say ?" "Partly ; and partly in cheques," replied Meredith, looking a little surprised. " Do you carry them about with you, Meredith? I mean" — noticing the surprise on the other's face—" is it wise— safe, do you think, to go about these lonely places with all that—" breaking off, and hurriedly adding, " but, of course, we can't let you go to night. You must put up with what we have to offer, until the morning, at any rate." A sudden thought had crossed his mind. Might it not be possible to appeal to Meredith for a loan ? " What a quarter of that money would do for me just now ! If I could only open my heart to him, as Madge says Pshaw! Easy enough for girls, such as she, to open their hearts. She wouldn't have been so ready to advise me to do that had she known all." " Mr. Meredith, would, perhaps prefer the inn in the town, Laurence ; he might find it more comfortable," put in his sister, a little puzzled by the change in his tone, but supposing it might only be to keep up appearances, she went on : " There will be a moon, and—" " Oh, nonsense !" hurriedly interrupted her brother. " You will not mind rough- ing it for one night, eh, Meredith ? Of course, you must stay." " I hope so, indeed," said Mrs. Ver- schoyle, to whom her daughter had had no time to give the hint her brother bade her give. " I trust you will accept our poor hospitality, Mr. Meredith." "There, that settles it, Meredith, You can't refuse my mother, now ; or she will be lamenting the little we have to offer." "It is not little to me," replied Mere- dith, in all sincerity. The chance of spending a few hours in the society of Margaret Verschoyle was, indeed, begin- ing to mean a great deal to him. He had not, before, met any women who interested him in this way; and already, he knew that none other ever would. She said very little now ; having, he noticed, be- come more silent aud abstracted as her brother grew effusive, apparently in the endeavour to make np for his previous lack of courtesy. " This is our only drawingroom, Mr. Meredith," she presently said, as she and her mother rose from the table and went towards the window. " You must please try to imagine we are net here." " I would rather not do that, Miss Verschoyle," he replied, rising to join them. "But won't you—? You would not find this claret so bad," said Laurence, adding, as the other declined, " Well, then, a cigar on the terrace, if we can dig- nify it with that name." " Not now, thank you. Later on, per- haps, if you will join me." " Then, I will look after your bag. At the station didn't you say? We might send Sally's brother, eh, Madge ?" hurried- ly quitting the room. Meredith remained with the ladies in the oriel window, while the rough looking maid-servant awkwardly cleared the din- ner table, assisted now and again by a smiling word from her young mis- tress. " You have a good view from here, Mrs. Verschoyle." "It is good to me, Mr. Meredith. Fortunately the brickfields are on the other side ; and, seen from here, the part of the ruin and the old garden and orchard have a charm of their own for me. But one misses the old elms that used to hide the town, which my daughter thinks looks best when you don't see it," with a smile at the young girl. " And so you do, dear. Being romantic, you prefer it to when there was a mist over it, and you have to imagine what is behind the veil, don't you?" replied her daughter, with pretty defiance. "A serious thing to have a romantic mother, is it not, Mr. Meredith ? In these days too—romance ! She had need have a matter-of-fact daughter, had she not ?" He smilingly kept up the same tone, his admiration deepening for the brave heart that could make a jest of her diffi- culties. How well the mother and daughter seemed to understand each other in making the best of their colourless lives. He soon found that they could talk about something besides the narrow experiences of their every-day world. They were accustomed to think intelligently, and were not without a spice of humour, as well as a romance to cast a glamour over their surroundings. Good listeners, too, showing a desire to hear what was going on in the world of thought ; and, now and again, asking questions which kept his wits at work for a reply—a not unpleasant exercise to Alan Meredith, accustomed to use them. An hour passed quickly away. It was only the uneasy glances the young girl was beginning to cast towards the door which reminded him that Verschoyle had left them so long. When he re-entered the room, Meredith noticed that the sister's eyes turned anxiously towards him. " I made sure about your bag by seeing after it myself, Meredith," he began. "Remembered the mistakes Sally's brother is apt to make, you know. Madge ; and thought he might demand the post bag, or something of that sort." He appeared more desirous now of making conversation, reminding Meredith of some of their Oxford experiences, in- quiring about mutual friends, and what not. But his gaiety did not sit quite naturally upon him, and there was an under current of excitement in his tone and manner. One there saw that his gaiety was only on the surface and that he eyed Meredith closely and specula- tively when he thought himself unob- served. " Two thousand pounds ! Two thou- sand !—and a quarter of that would save me," he was thinking. Were the notes in that wallet of which he could trace the outlines in the breast pocket of the other's coat ? His eyes were turned again and again, as if fascinated, to thal breast pocket, while he talked on apropos of any- thing that suggested itself. Presently, in reply to some remark of his mother's with reference to the rising moon and the ghostly way in which its beams seemed to steal about the ruin, he said : "Do you know that we can boast of having a ghost, Meredith ?" " Our very own, who watches over the fortunes of the house," said his sister. " At least, that is the tradition. When last heard of, he was wandering about, with his hand uplifted as if in warning. Not very original, is it ? And not of much use, unless he will tell us what we are being warned against." " Have you seen him, Miss Versch- oyle?" "Oh, no. Even he seems to have deserted us now." " Speak for yourself, Madge," said her brother, stealing a side glance towards Meredith. " Have you, then, Laurence ?" she ejacu- lated, turning quickly towards him. " I thought you were inclined to make a jest of the monk." "I am inclined to do that no longer, perhaps." "Do you mean that you have seen him? You told me nothing about it, Laurence." "When I knew what a fright it gave you only to imagine you saw him ?" " But I was only ten years old then, you know. I was frightened, Mr. Meredith," she said, turning to him with a smile. " But even then I was quite as curious as frightened; for though I fell upon my knees and hid my face, I begged him not to go until I got sufficiently used to him to be able to ask what I wanted to know." " Had he not the grace to do that, Miss Verschoyle ?" " Well, it was only an old military cloak of my father's which Laurence had hung over a broom in a corner of the school-room to try my courage." " I wonder what questions you would ask now ?" " Oh, there are so many thing one would like to know," the sweet face shadowing, and the eyes taking an anxious expres- sion. "Is the monk supposed to have a predi- lection for any particular chamber?" asked Meredith. " Ghosts are uncertain visitors, I know ; but it would be some- thing to pass a right where one might be expected." " You might find it no jest if he came," said Laurence. "Oh, I should take him seriously enough. In fact, I have something of Miss Verschoyle's feeling. There are so many questions one would like to ask." She was glancing curiously towards her brother. " Why did he take that tone— he that, till now, had been as ready as the rest to jest at the ghost ?" But she had no time to speculate as to what was in his mind. Now that he had returned, she might consider himself off duty in the matter of doing her share towards enter- taining ; and to contrive a fitting break- fast for the morrow. The two young men passed out on to the grass before the window, lighted their before the window, lighted their cigars and strolled to and fro in the moonlight. There was very little interchange of thought. Allan Meredith was speculating as to how best he could set about helping Margaret Verschoyle's brother ; and be- gining to fear it would be very difficult to do so, unless he were more inclined than he now appeared to put his shoulder to the wheel. He had sympathy for a nat- ure such as Verschoyle's; and unconscious- ly perhaps to himself, the few words he uttered conveyed what was in his mind to the other, who was quick to resent it. " Put me in the way of earning money indeed ! No use asking him for a loan; he would be putting all sorts of awk- ward questions," thought Verschoyle, with the uneasy consciousness that he would find it difficult to ex- plain without incriminating himself. "No, I won't try it ? If must be the other way—there's no help for it now. Once out of this hole I'll put my shoulder to the wheel, and pay him back with the first money I earn. He isn't likely to want the money if I took all instead of a quarter, and I won't take a penny more than that. It will only be a loan after all, which, if he were like some one else, I could openly ask him for. Yes, I'll do It ! If he sees through the trick, it will be easily to say it was only a jest done to try him. But I think I can manage it so quietly that he won't wake, and then I am safe." On re-entering the room they had quitted—the only habitable sitting room the Priory could now boast—they found it untenanted, the mother and daughter having retired for the night. The two men sat in desultory conversation, main- tained by some effort, until in reply to a question from Laurence, Meredith admitted that he had had a long day and was inclined for bed. They went up together, and Laurence showed the other into a large, barely furnished and somewhat desolate looking room, with two doors and one high, narrow, iron barrel window. (To be concluded on Wednesday.) 