A Ghost in Clerical Clothes. Tun family of tho Rev. G. S. Tyler, "Wesleyan minister, residing in St. George's Kilburn, England, assert confidently that th ey Mm vc each on separate occasions been the eyo-wit nesses of a remarkable apparition in the house. Thc Rev. G. S. Tyler, thc minister at present attached to thc Quex Road Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, and his family who are tho eye-witnesses of the ghost, have told a .'Pull Mull Ihuhjel reporter about it. The house has, for many years now, been thc dwelling place of the various I ministers who have succeeded each oilier every three years at the Qucx Hoad Chapel. Mr. Tylor and his family have lived there now for 18 months. " I have never seen the apparition myself," said Mi-. Tyler, " and have always, been a confirmed unbeliever in spirit manifestation, and so on. But the. fact remains, explain it how you. will, that my wife and daughters, Ada and Julie, aged respectively 2Q and 19 years, have dis- tinctly seen a .mysterious something, which, in the absence of any better way of describing it, we have culled jin apparition. They agree closely ia their several descriptions of the ligure. It is that of a person attired as a "Wesleyan parson might be, in black clothes of tt clerical cut. It is a figure of average stature, with a long grey bearii and keen peculiar eyes. It was my younger daughter who first met witïi the apparition. She will tell I you in her own way." Miss Julie ! Tyler then took up the story. "I was standing at the corner of the stairs," she said, "and I saw what I took to be pa. 1 had gone to call him to ten, and when 1 called him he neither answered nor moved. I thought he was playing with me, and giving me the trouble to go up to him, and I ran up to push him. 1 pushed right through tho ligure and fell against the wall. I was dreadfully frightened, hut when I told the others they laughed atme. But then Ada later on saw the same figure, and then mother herself. It was before Christmas that I saw it. No, I had not been reading any ghost stories at all then. But I have since. So have wo all." Miss Ada then related her first experience of the uncanny visitor. She was alone in the house with a chilli one Sunday evening and saw the figure in the doorway. She thought a man had broken into the house at first, until she observed the clerical cut of the figure's garb, and then recalled her sister's experience. Mrs. Tyler's statement was that while passing by tho small room at the end of the passage ono evening she saw Mr. Tyler standing in there as she thought. She ran upstairs to tho study and there saw the actual Mr. Tyler in tho flesh. It is in this room at tho end of the passage, indeed, where the apparition has been most frequently seen, and the ladies of the household do not care to venture near it alone. It is a small room looking out on to tho back garden, but, with wooden shutters, which are fastened over tho glass in thc evening. " It was in that room," said Miss Julie "that I met the figure face to face. I shall novel* forget his eyes- greyish blue in color, and they seemed to lookright throughme quitehungrily." 