THE SORCERESS. by mrs. oliphant. chapter xviii. This night wna the strangest in Bcc Kings- ward's life. # She had never known wlmt it was to remain silent and awake in the dark ness aud warmth of a sick room, which of iiseii is a strange experience for a giri, una shows the young spirit its own weakness, its craving for rest aud comfort, tlie diilieulfy of overcoming tho instincts of nature — with such a sense of humiliation as nothing else could give. Could you not watch with mo one hour? She believed that she had lain awake orying all night when her dream of happiness had so suddenly been broken in upon at Cologne; but now while she sat by her mother's side, aud the little soft crooning of the song which Mrs. Kingsward supposed herself to be singing to -put her child to sleep sank into a soft; mur mur, and the poor hulv succeeded in hushing herself into a do;:e hy this characteristic method — lice's head drooped, too, and her eyelids closed. Then she woke with a little shiver to see the large figure of Moulsey like a ghost by the bed, and struggled dumbly back to her senses, only remembering that she must not start nor cry to disturb Airs. Kingyward, whose quick breathing iilled the room with a scnxatiou of danger and dismay, to which the girl was sensible as soon as the film of sleep that 'bad enveloped her was broken. Airs. Kingsward's head was thrown back on tlie pillow, now and then a faint note of tho lullaby which she had been singing came from the parted lips through which tho hot, quick breath came so audibly. Now and then she stirred in her feverish sleep. Aloulsey stood indistinguishable with her back to the light, a mars of solid shadow, bv the bedside. She shook her head. 4< Sleopra best," she said, in the whisper which tho patient haled. "Sleep's bull or than tho best of physic." Bee caught thozo solid shires wit h a sensation of hope, to feel them, so real and substantial in her hand. »Shc did not carc to speak, but lifted her face, pale with alarm and trouble, to the accustomed nmxe. Aloulsey shook her head again. It was all the communication that passed between t!iein,and it crushed the hope that was beginning to rise in Bee's mind. Site had thought when she heard the doctor go away that death might be coming as soon as his back was turned. She had felt when her mother fell asleep as if the danger must he past. Now she sank into that second stage of hopeless ness, when there is no longer any immediate panic, when the unaccustomed intelligence dimly realises that the sudercr may be better, and may live through the night, or through many nights, and yet there may he no real change. Very dim as yet was this consciousness in Bee's heart, and yet the iirst dawning of it bowed her down. In the middle of the night, after hours so long 1— more like years, when Boo seemed to have sat there half her life, t o have become used to it, to be uncertain about everything outside, but only that her mother lay there more ill than words could say — Mrs Kings- ward awoke. She opened her eyes without uny change of position, with the habit of a; woman who lias been long ill, without acknowledging her illness, fl was Aloulsey who saw a faint reduction of the faint light in the softly opened eyes, and detected that little change, in the breathing which comes with returning consciousness. Bee, with her head leant back upon her chair and her eyes closed, was dozing again. M You must lake your cordial, ma'am, now you're awake. You've had such a nice sleep." u Havo I? I thought I was with tho children, and singing to baby. Who's this that has my hand — Bee !" "Alainum," cried the girl with a little start, and then, " Oh, I have waked her, Aloulsey, 1 have waked her !" "Is -this her little bund 7 Boor little Bee I No, you have not waked me, love ; but why, why is the child hercY" "The doctor said she might stUy, to send for him if you wanted anything, and — and to satisfy her." "To satisfy her, why so, why so? Am I so bad ! Did he think 1 would die— in the night?" "No, no, no," said Aloulsey, standing hy her patting her shoulder, as ii" sin; had been a fretful child. " What, a thing to fancy ! As if he'd have sent tlie child hero — for that 1" "No," said tho poor lady; "he wouldn't have sent the child, would Jio — not the child — for that— to fright-en her? .But Bee must go to bed. I'm so much bettor. Co to bed. Aloulsey, poor Aloulsey, never t ires ; she's so good. But you must go to bod." "Oh, mother, let mo stay. When you sleep, 1 sleep too, and I'm so much happier hero." " Happier, arc you ? Well — but there was something wrong. Something had happened. What was it that happened? And your father away ! It never does lor anything to happen when — mv husband is away. I've grown so Bill)'. I never know what to do. What was it — that happened, Bee?" "There was — nothing," said Bee, with a sudden chill of despair. »Sho had forgotten everything but tlie dim bedchamber, the faint light, tho quick, quick breathing. And now there came a stub at her poor little heart. She scarcely knew what, it was, but a cut like u knife going to the very centre of her being. Then there came the doctor's words, as if they wore written in light across the darkness of tho room — " Bendy, and Steady." She said in a Htrongor voice, " You luivo been dreaming. There was nothing, mamma." Airs. Kingsward, who had raised herself on her elbow, sank back again on her pillows. "Yes," she said, "I must have been dreaming, i thought somebody came — and told us. Dreams are so strange, l'copic say they're things you've been — thinking of. Rut X was not thinking of that — the very Inst thing! .Bee, it's a pity— it's a great pity — when ft woman with so many children falls into this kind of silly — bad health." "Oh, mamma," was ull that poor Bee could say. "Oh— let me alone, Aloulsey — I want to talk a little. I've had such a good sleep, you said: sometimes — I want to talk, and Aloulsey won't let me — nor your father : and X havo it all here." she said, putting her hand to her heart, " or here," laying it over her eyebrows, "nnd f never get it out. Bet mo talk, Aloulsey — let me talk." Bee, leaning forward and Aloulsey stand ing over her by the bedside, there was a juiuse. Their eyes, accustomed to the faint light, saw her eyes shilling from llm pillow, and the Hush of her cheek:; against the whiteness of the bed. Then, after a while, there eame a little faint laugh, and — " What Was X uayiug?" Mrs. Kiugswurd asked. " You look so big, Aloulsey — like the shadows I used to throw on the wall to please the children. Yon alwaysliked the rabbit best, Bee. Look!" She' put up her hands as if to make that familiar play upon the wall. " But AJoulsoy," she added, " is so big.t Sho shuts out all the light ; and what is Bee doing horn Jit this hour of the night? Aloul sey, send Miss Bee lobed." "Oh, mother, let mo slay. You wcro going to tell me somet hing." " Miss X»ee, you must not make her talk"' " How like Monkey !" Raid the invalid. "Alake mo talk! \\\rhen 1 have wanted so much to talk. Bee, it's horrid to go on in this silly ill way when — when one litis children to think of. Your father's always good — but a man often doesn't understand. About you, now — if I had been a little stronger it might have been different- What 1 was it we heard ? X don't think it was true what wc heard." " Oh, mamma, don't think of that now." " It is so silly always being ill ! and there's nothing really the matter. Ask tho doctor. They ull say there's nothing really the matter. Your father — but then lie docsu't know how a woman feels. I feel as if I were sinking, sinking down through the bed and tho Hour and everything, away, I don't know where. So silly ! for nothing hurts mc — X've no pain — except that I always want more air. If you were to open the window. Afonlscy : and, lice, give mc your baud ana hold mc fast, that X mayn't sink away. It's all quite silly, you know, to think so," she added, with again a faint laugh. Bee's eyes sought those of Aloulsey with a terrified question in them ; the great shadow only slightly shook its head. " Do you remember, Bee, the picture — wo saw it in Italy, and I've got a photograph — where thorc's a saint lying so sweetlv iu the air with angels holding her tip? They're llying with her through the blue sky — two at her head and other two — and her mantle so wrapped round her, and she's lying, oh, so easy, resting, though there's nothing but ths air and tho angels. Do you, remember, Bee ?" "Yes, mamma. Oh, mamma, mamma !" "That's what I should like," said Airs. Kingsward; " it's strange, isn't it? The bed's solid, and tho house is solid ; and Aloulsey there, she's very solid too ; aud ail isn't solid at all. Butt-here never was any body that lay so easy and looked so safe as that woman in thuair. Their arms must be so soft under her, and yet so strong you know ; stronger than your father. He's so kind, but ho hurries me sometimes : and soft — you're soft, Bee, but you're not strong. You'vo got a soft little hand, hasn't see, Aloulsey ? I'oor little thing ! and to think one doesn't know what sho may have to do with it before she is like me." 41 She'll have no more to do with it, ma'ain, than a lady should; no more than vou'vo had. But you must be quiet, dear lady, and try and go to sleep." "I might never have such a good chance of talking to her again. The middlo of the night and nobody hero— her father not oven in the house. Bee, you must try never to begin being ill in any silly way : feeling not strong and that sort of foolish thing: and say out what you think. Don't be frightened. It's— it's bad for him as well as for you. He gets to ilunk you haven't any opinion. And then all at onec they lind out And, perhaps, its too late " Mamma, you're not very ill? Oh, no; you're looking so beautiful, aud you talk just as you always did." " She says am .I very ill, Aloulsey? Poor little B0c ! I feel a great deal better. I had surely a nice sleep. But why should tlie doctor be here, and you made to sit up, you poor little thing. Aloulsey, why is the doctor hero?" "I never said, ma'am, as lie was here. He's — coming round first thing in the morn ing. He's anxious — because the Colonel's away." "Ah! you think I don't know. Im not so very bad ; but he thinks — lie thinks— per- hups X' might die, Bee." 44 Alamma, mamma !" ".Don't be frightened," said Alra. Kings- ward, drawing the girl close to her. "That's a secret; he doesn't think X know. It would be a curious, curious thing, when people think you arc only ill, logo and die. It would surprise t hem so. Aud so strange altogether — instead of worries, you know, every day, lo he all hy yourself lying so easy aud the angels carrying you. No trouble at all then to think whether he would be pleased — or anything; giving yourself to be carried like Unit, like a little child." "But mamma," cried Bee, " you could not, would not leave us — you wouldn't, would you, mamma? — all the children, and nie ; and I with nobody else, no one to care for me. You couldn't, mother, leave us ; you wouldn't! Say you wouldn't! Oh Aloul sey, Aloulsey, look how far away sho is look ing, us if she didn't see you and me !" " You forget, Bcu," said Airs. Kingsward, "how easy it looked for that saint iu the picture. J always liked lo watch the birds iioating down on the wind, never moving their wings. Thai's what seems 210 trouble, so easy ; not too hob nor too cold, nor tiring ; neither to the breath nor anything, X shouldn't like lo leave you. No— Bub then," sho added, with a smile, 44 1 should not require lo leave yon. I'd — I'd — What was I saying? Aloulsey, will you please give inu some—more " She held out her hand again for tlie glass which Aloulsey had just put down. 44 It nuikes me strong — it makes mc speak. I'm— sinking away again, Bee. Hold me — hold me tight. If I was to slip away — down — down — down to the cellars, or somewhere " The feeble laugh was dreadful for the listeners to hear. " Run," cried Aloulsey, in Bee's car, 44 the doctor — the doctor ! — iu tho library." And then there was a strange phantasma goria that seemed to fill the night, one scene melting into another. Tho doctor rousing from his doze; his measured step coming buck; the li Lt lo struggle round the bed; Aloulsey giving place to the still darker shadow; the glow of Airs. Kingsward's flushed and fevered 'countenance between; then the quiet ; and then again sleep, sleep broken by feeble movements, by the quick pa-nting of the breath. 44 She'll be easier now." the doctor said. "You must go Lo bed, my dear young lady. Aloulsey can manage for the rest; of the night." 44 Doctor," said Bee, with something in her throat that stopped the words, 44 doctor — will she — must she ? Oh, doctor, say that is not what it means ! One of lis, it would not matt er, but mother— mother !" 44 it is not in our hands," the doctor said. 44 It is not much we can do. Don't look at mo as if 1 were (foil. It is little, little I can do. " 44 They say," cried poor Bcc, 44 that you can do anything. It is when there is no doctor, no nurse, that people — oh, my mother — my mother ! Doctor, don't let it be." 44 You are but a child," said the doctor, patting her kindly on the shoulder, 44 you've not forgotten how to say your prayers. Tlisit's the only tiling for you to do. Those that say such things of doctors know very little. We stand and look oil. Bay your prayers, little girl — if they do her no good, they'll do you good. And now she'll have a little sleep. " .Bee caught him hy the aim. 44 Sleep," sho said, looking at him suspiciously. 44 Sleep 44 S ea, sice> — that may give her strength for another day. Oh, ask no- more, child. Life is not mine to give." What' a night ! . Out of doors it was moon light us serene an hcaveii — the moon depart ing in the west, and another faiul. light that was day coming on the other kMc, and t tie first birds beginning to stir in the branches — but not even baby moving in t ile hou.v.'. All fast asleep, safe as if trouble never was, as if death could not he. Bee W'imt iqjstairs to her chill white, room, where the while bed unoccupied hxJuul to her like death it self—all cold, dreadful, full of suggestion. Bee's heart was more heavy l.ha;n could he told. She had nothing to fall hack upon, no secret strength to uphold her. She had for- gotten how wretched she had been, but she felt it, nevertheless, behind the present anguish. Nevertheless, alio was only li1, and when she Hung herself down lio cry upon her white pillow— only to cry, to get her passion out — beneficent naturo took buhl of the girl and made her sleep. did not wake for hours. Whs it hcncricent? for when she was roused by tho opening of the door and sat up in her bed, and found her self still dressed in her evening frock, willi her little necklace round her throat, there pressed back upon Bee such flood of misery and trouble as she thought did not exist iu the world. 41 Alius 'Bee, Miss Bee! Abutter's come home. He's been travelling all night— aud I dare not disturb Airs. Aloulsey in Alissis's room. And he wants to see you Hub minit, rdeuse. Oh come, conic, quick, a aid don't Keep the Colonel waiting, " the woman said. Half awakened, but wholly miserable, Boo .sprang up and rushed downstairs to her father, ile eame forward to meet Iter ut tho door, frowning and pale. 44 What is this I hear ?" he said. 44 What have you been doing lo upset your mother ? Sho wan well enough when I went away. What have you been doing to your mother ? You children are the plague of our life !" (To be continued.) 