- COUHTEY HEWS, In the Central Division. Some Notes from Forbes. By The Scout. If you ask a Forbes man to-day — and lam writing iu Forbes, in ' Van's ' comfortably 'appointed Courthouse Hotel, in the first week in August— if, I say, you ask. a Forbes man what is the principal feature associated with his town and district at the present moment, he will Bay, 'Oh, the railway ; it's to be opened, you know, in a month or so.' ' And the second Y' you Bay. ' What is the second feature of importance?' * 'Oh well, the show ; that takes place next week.' Well, the show, which these hearty Forbes people tell me they mean to make boom, oesnite tnat Uanquo e ghost, the depression, which sits at every banquet and dogs every man's elbow just, now — the show .will be by $he time these lines are ia print a thing of the past. Is not its character written in another column of this issue of the Mail ? As regards the feature of first importance, the railway, die platelayers are within about four miles of the town, and it is antici pated that the official openiBg may take place on or about the 1st of December next. Before that time, however, the iron horse, in the shape of the contractor's engine, wiil be puffing and enorthig in the broad streets of this distant town of the Lack Ian plains — streets which have, bo far, only known the rumble of the Jour-horse Cobb's coach, the rattle of the often mud or dust covered buggy, and the musical click of the cantering horse. May the good town, with the fertile plains around it, prosper greatly, now it will have the iron horse to carry its increasing produce to the coast. Yet are there other features worthy of note by the, visiting scribe, and one is that in the district around there is more than double the acreage under wheat to-day that there was this time lant year. The railway has been the incentive for this increase. There is an enormous area in the Lachlan country adapted for wheat and other cereals, and the time may not be far distant when not only shall we grow all the wheat we want, but also Lachlan wheat will bo quoted as something deserving of a good price in Mark-lane, London. I have been glad to see, too, that along the rich flats of the river the pastors lists and farmers have taken to growing lucerne extensively and regularly. From xour to five crops yearly of this valuable feed are obtained, and fed off green. The paddocks are eaten down in turn. The stock cattle or sheep have the run of the paddock, until the crop is eaten off, when they are turned into the next, and the one they have left is given a spell, sufficient to enable it to grow another crop as good and abundant as ever. Some six years ago, when passing through this country, I made the suitability of these flats for the growth of lucerne and its value to the woolgrowcr and farmer matter of comment in the Sydney Mail. The editorial columns of this journal have also, for years, pointed out tho value of such an almost inexhaustible supply of green feed ; and the settlers on the Lachlan may be congratu lated upon the adoption of a practice which, in the Murray and. lliveriua and elsewhere, has proved so fruitful of good results. Mr. Tv A. Edols, of Burrawosg, is entitled to the position of pioneer of this practice on the Lachlan, closely followed, by Mr. Gatenby, of Jemalong, and now by tho Messrs. Martins, of Oaklands, Mr. Ccrr, of Bogabigul, Mr. J. B. Farrend, and many others. Another industry, that of the-vignerou, has begun to take root and grow here of late. The Forbes dis trict and that of the neighbouring town of Parkes are exceedingly well adapted to the growth of the vine. One or two gar den vineyards have been in existence for some years. ' Now, however, oue or two efforts on a larger scale are in progress, which are pretty Eure to bs followed by others. Mr. Raymond, of the firm of Nichols and Raymond, millers, &c;, has planted out an extensive vineyard, and set up sonie big presses. Mr. C. Gaymarde, also, about four miles ou the Coa dobolin-road, and who inherits some knowledge of the vine from his French origin, has a five year-old vineyard of 1G0 acres. This vineyard has been very successful. ThelastseaEon'syield is described as having been enormous. Tons of grapes weekly were brought into Forbes. Apart from the yield of table fruit next season,, Mr. Gaymarde expects to make about 6000gal. of wino— muscat, sherry, claret, &c.; Another year or two will probably-see a great increase, in this highly profitable industry in the Forbes district. The pastorahsts hereabouts are anticipating a dry, warm uinimer, which will not be altogether. unwelcome in view of the increase of footrot, due to the wet winter which has been expe rienced. ' ' ?' ? . 