Spopfcipg Topics. ' Doubtless the resiilts of the several races to i>e decided at Canlfield at the post poned Qoiuehe . meeting to-morrow will in&ke; a materiel alteration, ae to the proepeote of many of - the ©anai/tates lor equine' honors .for the various events 4>o be decided on Saturday next (Cup Day), In order to gtye our readers the very latest information on these, a Special Edition of The Sportsman will be issued early on Saturday morning next, and will contain tbe very latest information, tips, etc,t. for the events to be run off on that day. ' The V.H.O. committee yesterday re fused to entertain an application from Mr. Jas. Hayes, sen., for permission tot his son to ride in general work and trial gallops. ' Mb. A. F. Bradbkaw applied yesterday to tho V.B.C, Committee to register his new coarse, which is situated about four miles beyond' Aependale. Tbe considera tion of the application was postponed. The 28th November has been granted to Mx. J. R. Crooks (or a race meeting at Aspend≤ Park. This will make 12 days allotted to Mr. Crooko. For the Canlfield Guineas Light Arlillary was scratched yesterday, and Bessie MOarthy, . Scrip, Camogton, Halifax, and Pounamu were withdrawn from the Coalfield Cap. Remnant has had he-pen drawn through her name for the Debutant Stakes, and for the Y.B.C. Derby Sptder has been scratched. For to-day's Mentone races J5 has been withdrawn from the Mentone Handicap, and Blue arid White will bean absentee in the Sandown Park Steeple chase, and An&rraw; from the Hurdle Race, which are to be nin on Thursday next. Trotting men, old and young, as eembled in large numbers on the Rich mond racecourse yesterday afternoon to witness the Three-mile Champion Trottingmatcb. Mr. F. Bobbins' chestnut mare, Mystery, having last week defeated Mr. J. Robertson's bay horse Osterley over a distance of two miles, the racing public was much interested in yesterday's event. Both horses looked in the pink of condition, and on taking their pre liminaries were much cheered by their partisans, Panetu&Uy; to time, Mr. F. 5\. Sampson despatched tbe pair to a good start. Osterley, on tbe in side, getting away well in front of his opponent. Passing the box the first time Mystery was some twenty yards to the bad, but improved her position on tbe far side of the course, where Osterley broke badly. Mr. F. Bobbins then took Mystery to the front, and Remained in that position until a quarter of a mile of the winning poet, when it was evident that the evergreen trotting mare had shot her bolt, for on Albsugh allow ing Osterley to have his bead, the race was all over bar shouting. Fairly into tbe straight, the bsy bo'reo wore the mare down, passing the winning post by fully twenty yards. There was some excitement when Osterley, some twenty yards from homo broke. The time was 7min 30 sec, which is the Australian record. Taking the time from the judge's box the first round the five circles was covered in the following order : — First round, Imin 15sec; second round, lmin 17 sec ; third round, Imtn 20sec ; fourth round, lmin 21sec ; and fifth round, lmin 22sec. Dariog the race there was great excitement, and both drivers were cheered on returning to sc&lo.; A few such contests would render trotting a most popular sport. " Something like sport as compared with your four-furlong flutters," was the general expression. ' JPr'om' Adelaide we learn that the S.A. Tattersall's Club have obtained a fairly substantial profit out of tbe Spring meet ing, and this notwithstanding 4bat the attendance was below the average. Tbe satisfactory financial outcome of the fixture is mainly due to tbe revenue derived from tbe totalizator percentage. Backers wound up the last 6eason badly, and in the speculation over the great majority of the events that have taken place during tbe new racing era tbey have found fortune frowning against them. The public are probably re cuperating for future efforts, and to this and the frequent race meetings we have had of late may be aecribed the rather small assemblage at tbe fixture. The second event in the Osterley- Mystery match was successfully brought off on the Richmond Racecourse on Wednesday last before a large attendance of well-known sportingmen. Last month these horses met in a mile heat match, and Osterley won both ; tbe second one easily, owing to tbe mare breaking down. On Wednesday Mr. J. Robertson, the owner of the home, conceded tbe inside running to the mare, no small advantage on the Richmond track. Tbe match was for a stake and side wager of £125, with a 15 guinea trophy added by the pro prietary of tiie course in tbe event of the two miles being traversed inside 5 minutes. On the fourth attempt, tbey were sent on their journey by fir. F. H. Samson, the starter, but before going far Osterley broke, and Mr. Frank Bobbins' more thereby secured such 'an advantage that ebe was never afterwards headed, and ebe won easily by 30 yards. Osterley, although he trotted remarkably well, did not go with the dash he exhibited when competing against the mare in the mile heats, and on this occasion broke twice. . In bis last effort on the track he did not break at all, but trotted squarely from etart to finish in a most taking style. The time taken on Wednesday for the two miles was 4min 5G£sect wbicb beats all previous records made in Australia. Hcnes$y held the record, done at ElBtern- wick Park some years ago, which was 5min 13sec, until August last, when Osterlev, in a handicap trotted the two miles in 5min 8sec, ' The judges were Messrs. T. K. Bennet and W. T. Kendall, and Mr. J. L. Reilly was the timekeeper. An excellent programme of seven events has been framed by Mr. Jos. Haaser, secretary of the Ckmpbell'a Greek Racing Club, for the 20th Decem ber (Boxing Day), as follows : — Trial Stakes, Maiden Trot, Stewards' Parse (Handicap), Pony Race (Handicap), a Tilt ing in the Ring Contest, Campbell's Creek Cup (Handicap), and an Open Handicap Trot. Nominations for tbe stakes, with the exception of the Trial Stakes and Maiden Trot, must be lodged with the secretary, Five Flags Hotel, by Monday, 4ib December. Acceptaoces and general entry, 20tb December. Full particulars will be found in the advertisement. At a meeting of those gentlemen who have propitiated the idea of forming a Gippsland Hunt Club, it was decided to have a meet on Thursday next, in a locality to be selected by the master, Mr. C. G. Gl&ssford;, Officials were ap pointed as follows : — Committee, Messrs. G. C. Coulson, A. P. Bowman, N. M'Lean, N. G. Glassford, C. E. Clarke, H. Macfsrlane, "VY. T. and R. Biggall, J. Knox, W. Bannister; hon. whips, Messrs. N. G. Glassford and £. G. Glassford; secretary, Mr. A. M. Foster ; treasurer, Mr. F. W. Strickland. The hounds are located at Mewburn Park. \- A DNEr 'oorreBpondent, writing oil odnesdaylaBt, saye :— -The dead body bf Mr. . 'Theodore Sampson was found yesterday 'irS the' ro&srve; near Sodfo Baden ' Hotel,"' Obbgee Bay, under con HitiooB which indicated that the .deceased had cbnuuitted suicide. ' Bu tfew men iu Australia are hetter known on the turf . than . Teddy .Sampson, for hie Associa tion with '.it, both as a member of tb'e ring and. a horseowngr, ates back for a good number of years. T>uring hiy.time Mr. Sampson owned many good horses, among them being Hastings (Hawkes- bury Grand Handicap winner), Matador (Champagne -Stakes winner), Aristocrat, Frisco (Sydney Cup. winner), Bothwell, Maggie, Needle, Bodkin, Windsor, and Theodore, and it was a common thing for him to bave representatives in three different stables, two in Sydney and one in Melbourne, at tbe same time. Of late Mr, Sampson's colors have not been successful, and it is understood tbatr financial troubles were the cause of his sudden end. He was a member of the principal snorting clubs in Australia, and resided at Tattersall's Hotel for a number of years past. Mr. Sampson .was also a breeder of thoroughbreds in a small way." At the inquest a verdict of kuicide by shooting was returned. Tbe remains were interred in the Jewish portion of the Bookwood Cemetery, to which they were followed by a large number of sportsmen. Thus a Sydney exchange of the 11th inst:—" Mr. George Hill, one of our most prominent sportsmen, had a very narrow escape from a serious acci dent on Monday .afternoon. While driving along Elizabeth-street, near Hunter-street, tbe- wheels of his buggy became caught in tbe tram-line points, bringing tbe vehicle to a sudden fiop, and causing Mr. Hill to turn a complete somersault on to the road. That gentle man, being a heavy-weight and well advanced in years, received a severe shaking, and was considerably braised, but though serious results were appre hended they did not assert themselves, and Mr. Hill's friends will be pleased to know that he was able to get about yesterday," It is understood that an appeal baB been lodged with the A.J.C. against the disqualification by the Canterbury Park Race Club authorities of the horse Brooklyn and his rider and trainer. The attendance at Maribyrnong on Thursday was up to the average — the racing was below it. The Two-year-old Handicap, four farlongs, introduced us to a couple of Mr. J. B. Clark's youngsters in Duke of York (Sst) and Nelly Bly (7st 01b). The former was made a strong favorite in a field of eleven, and won all the way. Bclipse (lOst) and Allspice (lOst) were the only Btarters in the Sell ing Hurdle Race, a mile and a half, and the former Won easily. In the Imperial Handicap, five arid a quarter furlongs, Ted Power rode to victory his own horse, Diogenes, with 7st 51b up, Torpedo (8st 101b) being next. Queenie (7st 71b) first, the rest nowhere, was the condi tion of affairs in the Richmond Handicap, 13 a.u., five furlongs. Then came the Burprige of the meeting. When Douation (Sst Bib) came out for the Bohemian Handicap, & mile and three-quarters, be looked so fit that punters rushed to lay 5 to 2 and 3 to 1 on. Tbe only one of the other two starters that was thought to bare a ghost of a chance was Palo Alto (G9t 71b). But Carbonate (fist 121 b) wont to the front on tbe fall of the fiag, end stayed there all the time, stalling off Donation's rush at the finish. What price Donation for the Caulfield Cnp after that ? Eminence (Gst 61b) and Meg (fist 31b) formed tbe field in tbe Selling Fiat Race, five far- longs, and tbe latter won as she liked. The Bosworth Handicap, six farlongs, for 14.2 a.u., brought out 'eight starters, of whom Lucius >(8st 61b) was made an even money favorite. But the winner turned up in Seaweed (7st 71b), who went out comparatively unbacked. Tbere were more than two in this race that ran — well, " unkindly.4' As a rule postponed race meetings do not prove successful ones ; bat that of the Epsom Racing Club, which had to be deferred on Tuesday last until Friday, was an exception. On Melbourne being left, tbe outlook was anything but re assuring, but as Mordialloo was reached the weather was fine, but very close and muggy. There was a fair attendance present, numerous visitors being noticed from the adjoining colonies. Business began with the Welter Handicap, for which event Silence II. was made favorite at the last moment ; bnt the winner turned up in the Sheet Anchor horse, .Capstan, who easily defeated Torpedo, Ayeshah, and fourteen others. Patrician, with J. Tomlin in the saddle, scored an easy victory in the Hurdle Race, for which he started at the shortest price. The brother to Birdie was fortu nate is getting rid of Yellow Boy and Butcher Boy, who both fell, but, fortu nately, without injuring their riders, Wisby and Curtis. Euroa, on tbe strength of the form he showed at Aependale Park, when he got into & place behind Capstan, wa6 made favorite for the Epsom Handicap ; but he could get no nearer than fourth to May Day, who won by a length from Wellington, Buzz, and half a dozen others. The case, of unlawful ebs&uH; brought against T. Lees by J. Swan, both horse trainers, was before the Fiemington court on Tuesday, but, on tbe application of the defendant's solicitor, the hearing was adjourned until to-day. The followipg sires have been nomi nated for tbe Bairnsdale Racing Club Sires Produce Stakes for the season I69G-7 Mr. D. H. Hill's 'Escutcheon and Caramut, Mr. Alex. Smith's Sommeil and Kenneth, Mr. Nap. Eccleston's K&igbt; Templar, Mr. Thos. M&cnamara;'s Kobai, Mr. Dan Davis' Tbe Gondolier, Mr. , A. M. Foster's Swiveller, and Mr. John Gibson's Huntiy. In his book, (,Hbw to Train a Race- horse," Colonel Warburion says of start ing: — "Being ready to go is half the battle. I bave before now quoted what Archer has said to me on-tbis point. He was great at jogging into line at tbe critical moment, so that his horse wae in action when the flag fell. Rule 85 says that the horses mnst be started from a walk,' but a certain amount of discretion must be left with the starter, and if he sees a good line be is tolerably certain to , say1 Go!' Yet bow often we see jockeys looking at other horses, chattering, glancing first at the starter, then at tbe advance flag, then in some other direction, and then, perhapB, beginning to find fault with some other rider. Tbe flag falls, and naturally the chances are they do ngt get well away, the probability being that tbey bustle their .homes, ana so are beaten before they reach the distance. Many races ere won at the starting-pOBt, and not necessarily by tbe horse that gets off first. That one may jump off cross-legged or in some way out of form, so that be is all abroad at once. Race riding ib a prettier and more intricate art than is imagined by any but those who bave carefully studied it." In the future ladies' tickets issued a to tbe members of the Wiltiamstown Baring Club will frank the holders free by rau to the course. Satirioctory exrangemente have been made by the "W.R.C. with the Railway department t£ thai affect. Permits to oim'tiorMS have been granted by the V.R.O. sub-committed to the jockeys J.'B. Brewer, H. Cezey, F, BTGowan. and E. Power. V ' ' The next races at Aspendaie>Pric will be held j)n Wednesday, the lst of 'November, When ie following. pro- gramme will be riin off i--Beach Handi cap, Hurdle Race, Aspe&d;≤ ParkHaudi- cSp, Selling Hurdle , Race, Selling Race, and the vpeir. Welter Handicap. "On Monday, the 23rd>,irist-i entries rioBe at Haydon's Baceconrse Agency at 6 p.m. The handicaps will appear on the 80th inst - In another portion of this Issue Hr.,B. Ledgerwood, of Murroon, near Blrre- gurra, advertises that the well-known stallion Off Color, by King %Cole from Tbe Gem, is at the service of owners. Off Color defeated Commotion at weight for age in the Y.R.C. Canterbury. Plate at the same' meeting at which the son of Panic ran third in the Melbourne Gup with lOst llbio Malua and First Water, The latter is . also out of The Gem, who was got by Maribyrnong from Chrysolite, the dam of tbe well-known sire Robin son Crusoe, and other first-olass horses. Those capital performers amongst -the ponies, Wheel of Fortune, Kisbar, W.H., Elsie, and others are the progeny of Off Color, whose fee is £5 fie, Mr. Ledger- wood has also Lonsdale standing at his place. This brilliant son of Firat King and Yardley (imp.) won the Maribyrnong Plate, and ran second in the A.J.O. Doncaster Handicap as a two-year-old to Ben Bolt, a Canlfield Cnp winner, be sides running up to Gladstone in the Y.R.C. -Nonnanby Stakes and Volley in the Mate's Produce Stakes. This rela tive to Ringmaster, Magic Cirole, DacroWj Zeph, and Rink is standing at £10 10s. The well-known trotting' pony stallion, Bailygauley, will setoe mares .at 10s/ each. Fuller particulars in the advertisement. It was fully expected that the V.R.C. Derby candidate, Trenchant, wduld sport silk last Saturday at the Rosehill races, but the eon of Treutou did not start. Mahee, who is engaged in tbe Melbourne Cup, ran second to Am&noe; in tbe October Handicap, and Climax, another candidate for the two mile race, ran unplaced in the same event at Rosehill. ASvdnry exchange writes : — The death is announced of Mr'. George Young, a sportsman of tbe old school, at the age of 75\. Forty years ago the deceased was a noted pngilist, and a rattling good man at bis weight. Later still be took to the turf as an owner and trainer of race horses, and directed his operations with «ome success, chiefly from West Mait- land. The well-known metallicias, Mr. H. Oxenham, was st Aden last week, and he may be expected to reach this city some dayB prior to the Y.R.C. meeting com mencing. The annual meeting of the Mooroopna Race Club will be held -at the Shamrock Hotel to- morrow. At the Tungamah races held last Friday the half-dozen events on the pro gramme were brought off successfully. Mr. Hoystead's Charlie won the Tun gamah Handicap, with Glen Erin second; and the latter had tbe bad luck to finish second to the former's Corsair in the Publio&ns1; Puree. Owing to tho very heavy sain which fell on Friday night and Saturday morn ing, tbe executive of the V.A.T.C. deemed it prudent to postpone tbe races which were to bave talmn place on Satur day last until to-morrow. It is to be hoped that the wretched weather we have had lately will dear up, and so permit of the Caulfield race meeting being brought to the successful issue the club deserves. Tbe first nice to-morrow will start at two o'clock. Ik another portion of this issue Mr. G. B. Rowley, the secretary of the Rosehill Racing Club, advertises the programme for the meeting to be held on the 9th and lltb November next. The bill of fare is as follows : — First day : Granville Stakes, of 50 govs, for winners of less than 45 sovs, six furlongs and a half; Maiden Hurdle Race, CO sovs, two miles; Selling Race, 70 sovs, six furlongs; Birthday Handicap, 150 sovs, of which 10 sovb and 5 sovs arc for second and third boraes, one mile and three furlongs; Steeplechase, 60 sovs, second horse 5 sovs, two miles and a half; Welter Han dicap, 60 sovs, lowest weight 8et 71b, six furlongs Second day : Flying Handicap, 60 sovs, six furlongs; Hurdle Race, 75 sovs, second horse 5 sovs, two miles one furlong; Auction Plate, 70 sovs, seven furlongs ; Parramatta Handicap, 100 sovs, second horse 10 sovs, one mile and a quarter and 100yds; Sapling Stakes, two-year-olds, C5 sovs, second horse 5 sovs, colts 8st 51 b, fillies and geldings 8st 31b, five farlongs; and Stewards Mile, CO sovb, lowest weight Sst. The above is a pretty formidable list, and deserves to be liberally patronised by horaeowners. Entries close at 20 Barrack-street, Syd ney at 6 p.m. on Monday, the 30th inst. Handicaps on tbe 6th prox. The following foalings are reported from Mr. John Hay's Cool&ngatta; stud in New South W&leB; Nelgowrie, by Fireworks from Nathalie (imp.), filly by Manton ; Princess Beatrice, by Country man (imp.) from Princess Alice, oolt by Manton ; Passion Flower, by Grand master from Fleur d' Amour, filly by Kenton ; Shells of the Ocean, by Tubal Cain from Sea Shell, filly by Churchill ; Nagging Sal, by Suwarrow froin Repe tition, colt i>y Churchill; Fashionable Girl, by Albury from Girl of the Period, filly by Boz ; Iris, by Gemma di Vergy (imp.) from Ice, filly by Manton I Cocoa, by Guinea from Copia, filly by Manton ; and First Love, a colt by. Manton. A whiter in a London paper says "I wrote strongly and felt strongly about the outrage said to have been com mitted on the Duke of Beaufort's Strath- rose at the Btart for the American Derby at Chicago. Concerning my notes, I received a letter some time ago from 4 F. F.,' bsi English gentleman and sportsman now staying p Chicago. I did not comment on It, but he writes again, and l give his letter now, as I appear to have condemned without sufficient justification. This I regret; but, in extenuation, Jet me add that -to us in England tbe idda of an assistant starter flogging horses at the post, and occasionally jockeys, with .a hunting whip eeems altogether discreditable and wrong. Furthermore, I read pn -inter view with Gatrisson, the .Jockey who rode tbe winner -of tbe American Deiby, and, if he was anything like correctly reported, his tone was low. I may re-, mark that F. F. 1 encloses me a letter from Mr, Brewster, secretary of Sb® Washington Park Clnb, who state he has received a letter .from " Sweeper, who trained and managed Strathrose while in tite ; States, entirely denying Manser's amy desire is to tell the truth .and be just to everybody." : . . Eefohe Tonr p'dioek to-day _ the fin&l; payment of 16 bov. io the Ctnlfield Cap mnst he pett, otherwise homes left in WflJ be deemed acceptors, and their owners will become liable for tiie helence of the stake. , " joflth Australian Racine ChIm. aor Mer the current month In order to comply Jth the hew rnl«. ' it u necessary for all trainer, frotf' adjoining colonies who intend SP'S ' "Pproaching V.H.C Serin SSL » tither registered 1m one morn tium Mr, JE. Macs receive" oH established tarfadnsers, mtunato m another colrnnh to®11 new consulting chambn.n »t 144 Elizabeth-street, where their vie«-> can he ascertained. S®11681 lor the Moonea meeting, which takes place on Saturday, the 2Bth inst., were L5! faYrly wen. Th" B6Verfl1 6VOnts have fiUei Mr. A. W. Steel, the weU-taown turf ?WIBefi,00mmiB8,?n enl, ennonncts that, for the convenience of his client; he has, for the racing carnival, take. centra1 city, offices at 148 Swansten. street, first floor, over John H. Giles' former premises, now the French and American candy factory. If popular prices will make the open- ing meeting of the Ascot Racing Clnb on Friday next boom, the management mean to try tbe experiment, for tbe ' charge to the grand stand enclosure will only cost each visitor thereto 3s. jor those persons who do not wont to indulge in betting, and only «0 to see the races, a special enclosure near the Ascot Vale railway station has been set aside for tbem, the admission charge being the modest "Robcn." Those Iwell-known opponents— Mystetv and Osterley— will meet on tho now course in a Handicap Trot over two miles. Judging from tbe entries received last night, the opening meeting should be a most successful one. Only four horses were saddled up for the Hunters' Steeplechase at Epsom on Friday, and Epping, on the strength of hiB easy' win in the Melbourne Hunt Club's Hunters Flat Race, left the paddook at even money. Mr. J. C. G'Doxmell, who rode Mr. Miller's big gelding, showed apparently a very crest lack of judgment iu lying so far outo( hie ground throughout, tbe result being that, after Banker hod made all the early running, Namesake went to the front, and won very easily by three lengths from Banker, who was twice that dig. tanee in front of Black Doctor, with the favorite a dozen lengths farther back. In the Selling Race tbere were four starters. Vilb'ers was favorite, but Tfaonght, a 6 to 1 chance, got so far away tha\ the half-sister to Vakeel wae never caught, and 6be won in a canter from Yilliers, with Enticement third, and Rudolph a bad last. On being auctioned by Mr. Archie Yuille the winner was bought in at £50. After the exoelleat form shown by Moscow at Maribyrnong and Mel. bourne, the little grey wae made favorite for the Mordialloc Handicap, and the wonder was that at the opening of the betting so long a price as 5 to 2 against was obtainable about the son of Suwarrow — Colon. Before the flag fell he tonchod even money. There is little to describe about the race, for eix furlongs from home his rider took him to the front, and he simply won in a canter from Donation (who ran ungenerously) and Rosebrook. Daring the afternoon T, Payten's horses were walking about the paddock. Tbej all looked well, Warpaint especially so. On Monday next entries for the Kagamhie Turf Club annual .meeting, which takes place on Wedflwhyr 15th prox., close at Haydon's Racecourse Agency. There are seven events on the programme, which is advertised in another lumn by Mr. J. Hasher, the secretary. ' The principal events are tbe Nagambie Turf Club Handicap, of 40 sovs; Hurdle Race, of 30 sovs; and the Vice-President's Plate and Wahring Stakes, of 20 sovs eaoh. Acceptance and general entries on the 13th prox. /On Thursday next genera! entries for > tile Creswick Miners' Association annual races and sports close with the hon. secretary, Mr. T. P. Reatdon, at the Allendale Post Office. The races will be held on the 25th inst. on the Allendale Turf Club's course. Br advertisement in another column trainers are informed that they con obtain good boxes and excellent accommodation, at reasonable rates, at Gregory's Bridge Hotel, Mordialloe, dose to ifte Epsom. Aependale, and Mentone tracks. This week the conditions of the Wii- ltamstowu Cup, to be run on tbe 10th of November, will be found in our adver tising columns. It is a handicap of 800 sovs, with 80 eovs for the second, and . 20 sovs out of the stake for the third horse. Entries close with the secre tary (Mr. H. P. Sutton) at the office of the club, at Kirk's Bazaar, at 5 p.m. on Monday next, the 28rd inst. The uoim, nation fee is 1 sov. Handicaps ombe 31st of this month. First acceptance of 2 sovs due on the 2nd prox-, before 4 p.m., and the final payment ol d eovs - due at scale. Oob 6onth Australian correBpomleur writes : — The Adelaide backers'of Ful- ham have been placed on tenterhook. by the constant, but groundless, rumori of mishaps to the son of Richmond.. Or Saturday many of them had. anctkei turn, when a report got widespread thai the Cup gelding had broken down' whik galloping at Flemiugton at the latter end' of the week. For a few hours he lengthened a point in the markot, bet when the neWB bad not been confirmed at flight be aocu regained his position. " Betting has been dack this week- Division, Brockleigh, end Fulham have received a little additional support Tot tee Caulfield Cop, and inquiries have beeu . made for Steadfost, but nothing wit small sums Rave been pencilled id favor . of the St: Albans' fcelding so far. 4stektion is called to an advertise- - mwfciii our columns re Press pasMfiytf the owning Y.R.C. Spring meeting. '4 only -a -limited number -will ouly ihose applications received direct ' from the respective newspaper, offices : prior to Monday, 30th October. 'will » . considered by tbe V.B.C. committee. „ At the Benfligo'Show iast week trial for heavy hufitera the judges ptarec Mr. E,.M. BoWe Counter.. 1 : Mr.Bjwf ft,; Mr. G, F. Hunter,eOon4ohrt-.3 Tho reason assigned for throwin? e£. . Terrick, whose jumping ' most of, wai tHat he had » defective ' - ; - end fetlock. In 4he lifbt-weight -j event Mr. Bow's Bobin took .firet Jfjiv. Messrs. XHlwon i : Bros. CtagSf-JL \ second, «nd Mr. J- Cp Ihne-'J'"! i . third. CedriS V09 theMrirjumiank < Wly elew&R; 6 >4 >h- Je . was wtfariled th® second prize. 