DANGEROUS JOKING. /UV ARTIN wns the eMe&t; son and bops ol IHJ Mr.' lA>rd, tha S«|uire of Morton. His amiable ditqMMition and superior intel lect procured for him nniveiMl lore and esteem. Martin wen a great favourite with the 1 girl?, old and young ; but ho never showed any nmrkod partiality to anyone until he | bceamo in! imate with Isabella Ashton, the I daughter of tho clergyman. I kabelhi wa« young and tha most thought-' Icfs.girl in the village. She could have liltUmympathy with a peixon of euch deep, fetliitgs and elevated intellect ai Murtin ; and, beAUtiful as olio was, it scrnied slrangt that he should have given his love to her. Mmtin and Isiliclla had been pointed out as lovers by villago go«si|ts for aevtinl montlis; he was now nineteen, and ahe was of the same ago, when the incident about to bo related occurred. <">'io evening; Isabella had a social gather in? of young people at the liouic. Martin, of coureo, ttas |nc>tnt, with tho fiiirc*t youths and niaidcnx; and tho coui|<any enjiiyeil themselves freely with jests, songs, anil social gnmes. The hour at which such |urtici u»u»llv broko up hsd already pap.?od, when pome one foolWdy mentioned the subject of ghost*, something of that dociiption having been reported us having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. 'fit is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that n ghopt has really been seen there; and I doubt if any persou here believes in the existence of ghoMs." ..-fll'oii da - yuuccclf, ■ you know jou do, Martin^ although you are ashxmed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only Uughcd. "Come.now,"continued the thoughtfc** girl, " I can prove that you bavo tome idea that such things may exist. Go to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." "And what would that prove?'' " Why, you wHI be frightend, though you should see nuttiing. Your foara would put your belief to the lest. How could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of!" "I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the least." "Ha, hat but you shall not escapeeo," laughod Isabella. " Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying ono given uer by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with," provided you go to the churchyard alone, in Uio dark,* and declvo on your honour when you return that you wero not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, buttoning his coat "And as an evidence thnt you co the entire distance, you can bring back with yon the iron bar which you will Imd clow by the gate," wid Isabella. Thu* driven by tannbt to the commUsion of a folly, Martin* took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, nnd »et oat on hit errand. He marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the whit* tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and defolato ground, for the rtan< shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sty—then taking «1> the bar of iron of whicli Isabella had f pot en, •et oat to return. He had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest |Kirt of the road, he mv a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an inetant. Courago give placo to declaration ; his hair standing erect and hi* blood running chill with horror, still he stood his ground. The spectredrew nearer, seeming (o grow whiter and larger as it approached. ' We cannot tell what frenzy seized u|»n the brain or the anlinppyjranthj»tthntmoment. He raised The gaesU at the clergyman's house heard tcrriblo screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the farco they rushed to the spot They round Martin kneeling on a pro-ttate figure, his fingers clutching convulsirely at iUi throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on tbo throat of the figure, wiiiUt another tore away thei folds of the sheet and discloted the blood'ttaiued features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and foil lifeless upon the corixe. Ho never spoke again, and lived but ft few months, to die an idiot 