SAYINGS AND DOINGS. Mossrs. Edon, Romington and Co. (Syd ney and London), will publish shortly a novel entitled "Chidisck Tichbourne," by the late Marcus Clarke, "Tho old man has gone to pot— I mean Cannes," an irreverent young subaltern was heard to.rcmark the other day, referring to the departure of tho Duke of Cambridge. Here is one of Lord Tennyson's crispeBt sayings :—" Men havo generally token God for tho devil. . . , The majority of Englishmen think of God as an immeasurable clergyman in a white tic." Leeds and .Sheffield aro to be raised to the dignity of cities. At last. In Victoria a town becomes a city when it comprises suffi cient population. In New South Wales it tnuBt bo designated as such by Act of Par liament. The canonisation of Christopher Columbus is again being urged on tho l'opo, who does not consider the great explorer worthy of the honor. Now ex-Queen Isabella of Spain has taken up the subject, and lias sent a special messenger to his Holiness. Of the Eum subscribed b/ tlie members of the English Church Union in airl of the legal expenses of tho Bishop of Lincoln, the Bishop has returned £1000, which, by itis dcBirc, will be apportioned between tho en- dowmentfund of the Capo Town Coadjutor Bishopric and Bishop Smythies' Control African Mission. .Some memorial of the famous trial is to bo placed in tlie Bishop's private chapel. "What are tho essential qualifications of a successful actress ?" is the question of tho ever-busy interviewer has asked Modjcska. She says : " Soul— 30ul — soul ! After that, mind ; after that, a pretty face, for we have no use for a homely woman on tlie stage. Then, a winning voice ; an attraetivo per sonality. But soul first; for talent is not always apparent at first, but is the child of the soul." The Sultan of Turkey (says Vanity Fair) dineB in aolentn statu in a'roum over looking the Bosphorns. He sits on a divan, and uses noither table, plates, knife, nor fork, but only a spoon and his fingers, with which implements he fishes out his food from a series of little saucepans. He gene rally has a large retinue in attendance, but he always cats and drinks alone, not even a few of his favorite wives breaking bread with him. England possesses tho largest electric railway in tho world. The new Liverpool overhead electric railway, opened by Lord Salisbury to-day (Saturday), exceeds in size any previous undertaking, even in that land of big things, tho United States. The lino is seven miles long, and is carried along as an elevated railway on lofty wrought-iran columns and girdors. There are 13 stations, readied by staircases from the street, while the line runs into tho docks. Each trnin consists ui two carriages, seating DO pas sengers apiece, with a motor at caoh end. and the speed is computed at from 30 to 35 miles an hour. The JnpancBe race is much too small and weak— so thinks tho Mikado, who has been cudgelling his brains how to improve the stature and stamina of his countrymen. His Majesty appointed a Parliamentary commission to study tho subject, and, after long deliberation, the body informed tlie Mikado that tlie reason was to bo sought in tho national diet, which is neither nourish ing nor flesh-forming. Accordingly tho Government now recommends that tlie Japanese should cat meat, instead of the usual faro of fish, rice and vegetables, and the Mikado confidently hopes that his sub jects may in time rival tho sturdy Westerners. An anecdoto concerning Mr. George Gregory, tlto London stockbroker, is going tho rounds. Somo time ago a lady called at one of Mr. Gregory's branch offices and paid 1 per cent, on £2000 worth of Brighton A'b. In the course of the day tho stock went, up with a rush. That same evening Mr. Gregory remarked to his wife, " I told yon yesterday that Brighton A's were going up. I was right. Very few clients fancied them though — ono being a certain Mrs. , Jones, who bought some at my West End n.r, v.. . 'ljj branch. Look, I have just written her out a cheque for £100." A littlo scream of . : delight burst from. the lips of the financier's "A.J wife as sho took the cheque, and to her bus- band's dismay pocketed it. She was Mrs. Jones. This is a warning to married;.:';®? stockbrokers. . . v Bacteriologists aro somewhat startled, by, :;"| tho discovery recently made in Germany; - that butter, lihomilk, contains a 'grcat' Vj j number of microbes. ' It appears that onnV' jf gramme of butter— that is, about one-: v ji thirtieth part of an ounco— contains .about, 'j 2,500,000 microbes in tho centre of the pao ;; j|!j and 20 times as many on the outside, souiae' . tho number of microbes swallowed on a " modest piece ot bread and butter may exceed' t'Tl that of the wliolo population . of . Europe.. | However, only two varieties of. bacilli have; -V;! been isolated, and as thoy are constantly, found in butter it must bs supposed tbao "it? they are specific to it and not microbes of. somo disease. Of courso the vaac number of,v.t$| uicro-organisms in butter is not a reason for, "Ml seeing danger in eating it. ; Perhops its very' ifM nourishing properties depends upon the microbes it contains. Considerable exception has been taken' recently with regard to ladies assuming the';. -ifijf title of actress whon thcy-have no claim to. ' 'A it. It may bo safely assumed (writes Mr., $jj J, Ashby-Sterry) that there is' canal impro- priety in tho assumption of ths title of journalist by gontlejiten who ' get 1 into trouble. In lincrcal language we sometime read of "a young man of gentlemanly. ;i| exterior, attired in . an Inverness wrapper. who said ho was a journalist, was charged jrf &c.;, &c.;" The fact is, that "journalist in? '"i well-nigh as difficult to defiue as "actress.".1 >f I have heard of a man who wrote n letter to ' alio Times, which whs not inserted, describe' ;i;;| himself as a journalist, and also of it' blllV 41 sticker .who considered himself a man of; : lotterB. "Journalist" is a very wido term, and comprehends a wido and varied from . " A Constant-Reader " and-;"'Pater»?|fi$ famiiias" up to Dr. Williatn 'Howard vRtis«'t5| sell and Mr. Gcorgo Augustus Salo. , 1 Mr. W. T. Stead's latest fad is that ho i»"'V;»| now helped In his literary work by spirit«v ,'i! who practically dictate to him all he writes.? -4|j Tho satno pretence was made 20 years agof" by a ntyCeliat, then a novice at this sort of, work.Vwho declared that a novel he waar, v contributing to a magazine had, when itwaa1 / half through, been suddenly taken out od ' \ his hands or his head by the ghost of thtf1 ' first Lord Lytton, who entirely changed thrf : j plot and enabled him to write vigorous uumuivBv ub mob ua ma pun uuuiu ruu, audi j without the nocd of a single correction in tho manuscript, whereas formerly ho bad boon a slow, plodding scribe, obliged over. 'ij. and over again to rcshapo his phrases, That>( .'v" novelist is now eminent in his way, bh6 ' 4: when ho was asked tho other day whether' ,'vi ho was stilt inspired by Lord Lytton ho! vS answered with something like a scowl and. a blush, "T)h, tHjttjs. all done with !" Mr." / ?i Stead has the coutriigo of his opinions, and v; vouches with hiB name for his delusions. ' ; The following story, which has never yob-, . i; appeared in print, is told of the late Madamo' T'ietjons in the Sunday Sun, which unhesi- tatingly vouches ior its accuracy. Having. ' ; f been invited with Madame Trebelli to spend j; a few days at Worthing with Colonel' ! Maplcson, her host ono morning proposed to' ' drive tlto two ladies to Arnndel on purpose to inspect tho beautiful church erected by' j tho Duke of Norfolk. On entering the! sacred edifico the organist was hoard prac- ' tising Mandclssohn's "Hear My Prayer,"' , 'j playing the pedal parts whtlc endeavoring ;Vfi to sing tho melody. As he appeared to bo laboring under difficulties Tietjans t' ascended the organ loft and proffered her assistance. Having gone through it with.' f liitn sho commenced to softly sing ono of tho '!'< well-known solos, but gradually tho familiir chartn of tho music asserted itself, and,' letting herself " go," sho sang with all her wonderful sweetness aud power. On its. conclusion tho old organist exclaimed, "What a lovely voice! You aro almost good enough for the profession. In fact, I havo heard few like yott. Will you kindly Btng it again for mo?" Sho was about to comply when tha beadle pat in an appear ance, and in peremptory tones said, "Tho ' duke objects to litis sort of thing, and if you want to make that 'caterwauling' noise you ... must go into tho street. " Madame Tietjens' rejoined her companions. Daring the Tnrko-Russian war a corres pondent was among the loungers who had stood in a Constantinople street to watch j: tho march-past of a regiment of Jioibccks. When they were all gone, there came by an old hoja (a holy man), dressed in green robo and caftan, and wearing yellow slippers— self-proclaimed as ono who had made' tho pilgrimage to Mecca. He was followed' by a very small donkey, laden with panniers. On the footwalk Btood a Circassian, who had been flourishing iu the air, while tho troops went by, a formidable-looking yataghan. This man was now standing, with ' an admiiing crowd about him, lick ing the back of itis wrist - and shaving off tho hiir that grew there by way of show ing tlie edge aud tetnpor of his weapon.- Iu must havo been set as finely us a razor, and; like a razor, it was broad-backed and finely beveled. Just as tlie eld hoja went by; and the placid littlo donkey followed at his heels, the Circassian stopped into tho horses rond, gave tho weapon a braggadooio'swing; and at a single blow cleanly divided tho head of the poor littlo una from the body. The head fell plutnp ; but for a second or two tho body stood, spouting a vivid streak of Bcariet from tho nuck, and then toppled over. The old green-clad hoja turned at tho noise mado by the crowd, saw the blood stained sword waving behind him, under- ' stood at a , glance what had happened, and fled us fuBt as Itis yellow pantoflcs would - . carry him. The "Suiilime Society of Eoof-steaks" was founded in 1735 at Coven t Garden Theatre, but when that house was burned down, after a year at the Bedford Coffe'o House, it removed in 1809 to tho Lyceum. - When it wus rebuilt after the firo a couple of rooms— where Irving now sometimes ' holds the customary first-night banquet— wero added for the members' special accom modation. During the hundred and odd years of tho club's existence, many of tha : most celebrated men of theso generations were members. It was rigidly laid down that the number of associates should never exceed 24, and exception was , noa mado even for the Prince Regent) —afterwards Gcorgo tho Fourth— who had to wait ids turn. Tho members met each Saturday night to eat beef-steaks and drink : port wine. At the end of tho dining-room was an enormous grating in the form of a gridirou, through which the firo was seen and the steaks handed from tho kitchen. Over this was the quotation : — If 'twere dono, when 'tis done, then 'twere well 'Twere done quickly. All were ncrfcctlv cntial. nnd thn ln.t. made member, even were ho of royal blood. ' wob made tho fag of tho rest. There is a story told of this peculiarity of .the society. On a certain occasion whon a large and dis- tinguisiicd party had met, a wealthy and pretentious Liverpool merchant was among tho guests. Something occurred to rouso his suspicions that tho royal and titled persons were myths, and ; ha communicated (his to itis - noighbor, remarking it was a poor joko, and he saw through it. The idea was instantly seized, and tho Beef-steaks, to keep up tho delusion, resolved themselves into a Society of Tradesmen. Sir Franois Burdett told Whitebread his last cask of beer wus sour, who accounted for it by saying that it hud been. loft too long in tho Tower.' Tho Duko of Sussex reproached Alderman Wood ior the tough steaks he had sent, the . last Saturday, who retorted on his royal brother by complaining of tho ill-fitting stays lie had sent his wife. Eventually, a leaf had' to be withdrawn to shorten the table, and in closing it the chair of tho Duko of Leinster, who wus presiding, was over-balanced, and both duke and chair fell into the grate. No one movod, everybody laughed, and his grace scrambled to his feet as best ho could, thna confirming tho .worthy merchant's scepticism, foi- he remarked : "There ! if ho' had been a real duke, would you not all have rnn to pick him op ?" , 