A PLEA FOB THE BAGPIPES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— This is a new country, and there is '^ much of the irreverence of extreme yonth in ^L' the opinions held by mauy young Australians -'-A ou many subjects that in other and older ::1 lauds, have become sacred by long aasocia- i' lions. That any one ia his sober senses ''. could admire the music of the bacDtDes. seems - :'Jg to them au utter impossibility. The ad- '*J miration that Scotchmen express on this ? vi subject, they believe made op of half mis- '3 guided patriotism, and half pure cxmtrari- '-i ness, and wish to irritate all other 3 nationalities. It is stated, on comparatively ~?3 good authority, that the first musical in- :f* strument manufactured by Tuhal Cain was ££ the bagpipes. Though why Scotland should tS have obtained their almost exclusive use is 'S a mystery. That Italy gave »hem to Scot- 3S land is a well authenticated fact, and Italy ?M is the mistress of music ! Why Italy did -'tS not keep them is another mystery, but, no SS donbt she reluctaatly recognised the fact 3 that to play the pipes properly, required a ~*?J race of men of greater stamina than her -~\i own ; men ' with wonderful lungs of leather' -| as Buchanan says, who could only be raised ;iS in the bind of oatcakes and porridge. It '3 may be, as I heard one remark, there U a, =?-£ seeming monotony in all the airs we hear S? Irom the bagpipes. The scornful EneUshraan -1 in the Bab Ballads mentions that on one occa- :¥, sion from the pipes one piper actoally ob- si tamed a tune. -^ 'HeatbsM&eUK.; 3 Elicited something reaembliac an »w ? '^ It «-MmM-itTO«tM-« wild as the breeze, f It wndmd about into .evend keys, £ h^ ns Jerkj-Bpsurodic-and harsh, Im a.are, -a But null it distinctly supieitod aniir.' -5 We are aware that the pipes are not suit- . ^ able for the rendering of classical music but * there are only one or two in every hundred 'S the select few), who care in tbeir inmost 3 hearts for that type of music. ' j3 The following stories will illustrate the -3 unreasoning ptejndice that seeius to possess -?! some minds against the bagpipes :— ' A little 4 girl, on hearing a Highlander plajinj; in fine -§ style at the corner of a street, ran to her -^ mother cryiup ?? Oh, mamma, inamma : -3 couldn't you interfere : there's a horrid man 't squeezing souiethini! under hie arm, and he ie -i M hurting it so.' 'A young man (not of a musical torn) was disappointed in love, and contemplated suicide. He became a confirmed hater of bis kind, and was on the point of ending a career of no particular promise, wben he heard in the distance the wail of the bagpipes. He changed hie mind as a bright idea struck him. He determined to learn to learn to play them as a relief to Mb over charged feelings, and aggravation to his neigh hoiUBf He managed^ to secure some second-hand pipes, and returned to his boardinghouse. Every night as midnight drew near he began to practice. Wails and croans as of tortured souls came from bis lonely room, where be blew in fiendish delight and ignorance. He was obliged to change his residence several times, sometimes barely escaping with his life. Snidde became common, but he persevered, and after two . months of this treatment he became com .. pletely cored, and returned to life again with a fresh zest.' No Australian ever can appreciate the bagpipes ; to do that requires a birf-plice in ' Caledonia stem and wild ;' a childhood spent in a bonnie Scottish glen, where every rock, burn, and brae is hal lowed with a «caltb of traditionary lore. Watch a true Scotchman as the sound ot the bagpipes first strikes on his ear. At the fierce war aoug of 'Scots Wha Hae ' his eye brightens, his 6gnre straightens, and the ? blood of generations of fighting forefathers runs quick in his veins; again he hears some roLicking reel, and his feet uncons ciously beat time to its merry measure. Some scenes there are with which the mode of Hie bagpipes is inseparably connected, and as one listens to the familiar music, old times and scenes come before the mind's eye. ' It is a bright rammer morning in one of tiie glens in far-off Scotland. A merry company are trooping gaily along the road that leads to the ivy- covered kirk, where bonnie Jean is to be .married to bine-eyed Donald. Past the laughing burn overhung with flowering hawthorn, up the brae yellow with broom, and- the bills glorious in a wilderness of blooming beather winds the road ; and the company troop briskly along, keeping step to the inspiriting strains from the pipes. Back again; and they are all gathered on the village green, where the pipers blow reel after reel, in wonderful style, and the lads and lasses foot it bravely, while their elders gather round to watch the sports and think of the days of their youth, the days of Lang Syne.' Still another scene:— It is a bleak winter's afternoon, the sun's rays slant coldly down as bands of men are moving slowly along the -snow-covered path to the old kirk yard. They are taking a chief to his last long Jiome. No sound of footsteps cm be heard, the deep snow muffles each step. The mountains rising in gloomy grandeur are covered with the same pure mantle, though the dark firs stand out dis tinct from the whiteness, their topmost branches alone bearing their burden of snow. The bare gilant trees along the path «tretch out their -leafless branches like ghosts in agony. At the head of the procession march ?he pipers, and the weird 'Lament of the Macdoualds ' or ' Death Song of the Mac gregors ' come with piercing distinctness through clear air. Winding in and out among the bills the strange wild music floats and thrills the listener as no musis on earth could do. Here the mnsic of the bagpipes can be heard in its perfection, and none who once has heard such strains under such circumstances would wonder at tiie love for it which Scotchmen express and feeL in it the wild sad melody of the Celtic race finds its fitting expression, che weird mu-ic that slumbers in die Gaelic tongue. I am, &c;, Cbaig Ellachh. 