"How hall We Decide This Question ?" NJas, WHICH IS THE WORSE-TO HAVE NO APPETITE FOR YOUR DINNER, OB TO HAVE NO DINNER FOR YOUR APPETITE 7 There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person to. wards his meals. But most of us are not blessed tn that way; we e:ther have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without .enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer thrs question differently, yet the common 6eose of it is that, without reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like cat. Ing, stands in need of "alterations and repairs" i'o illustrate. We recently received a com. munisation in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy nhis food wats poi. sened, or did his nature rebel agains the nourishment :ivei on s If the latter, whyl Let hit clear the mystery himself. lie says,' In the year 1889 1 changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signa'man twelrce months, and then ail at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My month tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to theot. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coatedl ant furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it, My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it kit like a ball in my throat, and act as it it wouhld choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cireum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. lie adds that there was what he calls " a ricking seEn,.tion " at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked withl spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rollol oft him. "I dreaded," he says, "the thought of eating, and MA.?r A SCASNTY .EAL HAVE I MADS, '011 I WAS, AFRAID TO EAT. ".\After a time I got into a low, weak, ner* youn condition, and felt miserable. as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of srme calamity, such as the lossof his position, his own death, or thle death of somebody dlear to him. Th:i was due, as he intimates, to the imporerilhed state of his blood (the life bearer) his unstrung nerves, and to the brainenfeebled by lack of noturishment. The night of this form of illunes is always full of ghosts and gob. lies, the creratns of a restless and ungo verned iniagination, " With great diellculty,"he says," I stuck to my work, for I hal a wife and family de. pending on me. So I atruggl.l on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I AM sUnr No ONE HAS sUt'. FERED 80 MUCLH AS I HAVE DONE." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain Is one's own, and is always hardler to bear than is one's notion of his neighbonr's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the atce rr,?tl',ed. expernence, oily we don't happen to come in touch with them Well, the writer tinally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case EXACTLY LIKE HIIS owN having been curol by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " ly wife," he saye, "got sme a butle at MIr. Langutaffs, in Wtool!esford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate lay. I should 'ike the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for cleven years. (Signttd) " GEORGe ln l T, " Car Bottom Road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Ilunt's !deal:e, in order that part of tha world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason, 