A Murder Revealed "by a Ghost. Fob some time after the Jacobite ris ing of 1745 had been suppressed by the crushing defeat of the Highland Clans at Culloden, the whole of the North of Scotland was in a disturbed state, and it was necessary to keep a large force of troops there in order to stamp out the last sparks of rebellion. Among the regiments to which this o o | stern duty was entrusted was one commanded andj to a large extent, I raised by Lieutenant-General Guise, which was generally known as Guise's Regiment. It was quartered in the I wild and remote Highland district of Braemar, at the South-Western corner of Aberdeenshire. The sympathies of the Highlanders of that portion of the country were warmly Jacobite, and [ the sight of the English soldiers was i hateful to the great bulk of the popu lation, who cherished fierce feelings of i vengeance against the "butchers of Culloden." Time, however, to some degree, modified these hostile senti ments, and the Highlanders became used to the presence of these red-coats, when they found them, after all, not to be such monsters of cruelty as they had at one time imagined, and out of whom, if civilly treated, they dis covered there was money to be made. Now in Guise's Regiment there was a certain Sergeant Arthur Da vies, who was very popular among his comrades. He was superior in birth and education to the ordinary run of non-commis sioned officers, and was, besides, re markable for his great stature, his im mense physical strength, and his hand some personal appearance. He had been very active in obtaining recruits for the regiment, and in consequence received a higher amount of pay and enjoyed a better position than others nominally of the same rank. A frank, manly, fearless English soldier, he had ingratiated himself even among the dour and sullen Highlanders, and was regarded by them with less animosity, probably, than any other soldier in the ' regiment. The sergeant was an en j thusiastic sportsman, and so little did he fear any treachery on the part of | the mountaineers that he frequently set out 011 shooting excursions over the wild moors alone or attended by a single jilly. On the morning of the 28th of Sep ; tember, 1749, Sergeant Da vies started off alone with his fowling piece to shoot over a moor not very far distant from Braemar. When night fell he did not return to his quarters, and the whole of the next day passed without auy tidings being heard of him. On the third day after his mysterious dis appearance, a search party was sent out to scour the district for the miss ing sergeant, but they were unable to find the slightest trace of him. A wreek passed, a month, and still no sign of the lost sergeant of Guise's. By this time there was 110 doubt in tlie minds of any of his comrades that Davies had met with foul play, and the General himself swore that he would leave no stone unturned to dis cover the murderers of the best non commissioned officer he had in his re giment. But neither threats nor re wards brought any clue to the ser geant's disappearance, and his fate re mained wrapped in mystery, though there could be little doubt that more than one person must have been con cerned in the murder, for it was not likely that any single Highlander would venture to attack so powerful and resolute a man as the sergeant, whose athletic prowess was well known over the district. Five years passed, the mysterious disappearance of Sergeant Davies had never been accounted for, and even his comrades had ceased to speculate upon it. Nor would the problem probably have ever been solved but for one man w ho had sworn never to cease his enquiries and investiga tions until the murderers of Sergeant Davies were brought to justice. This man was James Small, formerly an ensign in the Earl of Loudoun's Regi ment, and now factor or steward of the estate of Strowan, which had been forfeited to the Crown through the attainder of its laird as a rebel. Mr. James Small had known Sergeant Davies well; they had fought at Culloden together and had subse quently met often whilst Guise's regi ment was quartered in Braemar. The new factor of Stowan was a deter mined and a somewhat consequential man. He thought it was a slur upon the Government which he served that it should be unable to discover and bring to justice the murderers of an officer of Her Majesty's army, and he deemed it incumbent upon himself to remove that slur. With patient, dogged perseverance, and the keen instinct of a born detective, he set himself to the task of discovering the perpetrators of the crime, and at last he succeeded. Bit by bit he joined together stray pieces of evidence until he had a case sufficiently strong enough to justify him in procuring the arrest of two Highlanders, Duncan Terig alias Clerk, and Alexander Bain Macdonald. The fowling-piece belong ing to the murdered man had been found in the house of one of tliem, and trinkets and valuables known to have been the property of Sergeant Davies had been seen in the possession of both men. But there was a still stronger and more damning proof of the guilt of these two persons, which among those who were superstitious, as most Highlanders were in those days, car ried overwhelming weight, and it was the strange story attached to this which invested the case with extra ordinary interest when it came on for trial before the High Court of Jus ticiary in Edinburgh. The prisoners, Duncan Terig and Alexander Bain Macdonald, were arraigned before the Lords of Session at seven o'clock on the morning of June 11, 1754. Then there was made public the strange story of the manner in which the crime and its perpetrators had been discovered. Alexander Macpherson, of Inverey, a farm-servant, aged 26, deposed that one night in the summer of 1750, whilst in bed in a shealing (the long turf- thatched out-house in which Highland farm-servants slept, in beds arranged along the wall), several others being at the time in the said shealing, there entered a man dressed in blue, whom he took to be the bro ther of a neighbour, Donald Farqu harson, of Glendee, who came to his bedside and beckoned to him to come out. Macpherson rose and followed the figure outside the door, whereupon the person turned and said, "I am Sergeant Davies" : then, pointing to a moss or tract of swampy moorland, known as Christie's Hill, added, " You will find my bones there, go and bury them at once, for I can have no peace nor will I give you any until my bones are buried ; and you may get Donald Farquharson to help you." Having spoke these words very solemly and earnestly, the apparition vanished. Early the next morning Macpherson went alone to this spot indicated by the wraith, and so exact had been the instructions given by the mysterious visitant, that before he had searched five minutes he came upon a human body embedded in the moss. Most of the flesh was gone, but the coat of blue cloth which had been worn by the dead man was pretty nearly entire. By using his staff as probe and lever, Macpherson drew out the body, and laid it on the upper soil, but did not attempt to bury it. A few nights later the apparition again visited Macpherson when he was in bed in the shealing, and reproached him for not having carried out its in structions for burial, urging him at the same time to lose no time in com mitting the remains to the earth. Then Macpherson plucked up courage to ask, "Who murdered you?' to which the apparition replied clearly," " Duncan Terig and Alexander Macdo nald," then vanished as suddenly and abruptly as before. On the following day Macpherson went to Donald Farquharson, told him the story, and persuaded him to come and assist to bury the body of the murdered man iu dry ground. Farqu harson, never doubting the truth of the story, went with Macpherson to Christie's Hill, carried the body away, dug a grave in dry ground, and there buried the remains. To all liis own share in the business, Farquharson swore positively, and emphatically ex pressed his belief that Macpherson had told him nothing but the truth. The only other person to whom Macpherson confided the story was John Grewar, of Dalhownie, who deposed that Mac pherson, under strict promise of se crecy, told him, a few days after the apparition had appeared for the second time, how he, in obedience to its com mands, had, with the assistance of Donald Farquharson, buried the body. But there was still stronger corro boration of Macpherson's strange story in the evidence given by Isabel Maehardie, of Inverey, aged 40, who deposed that on the night on which Macpherson declared that he saw the apparition for the second time, she, sleeping at the other end of the sheal ing, in the portion set apart for the women, most distinctly saw " Some thing naked come in at the door and go straight to Macpherson's bed, which frightened her so much that she drew the clothes over her head ; that when it appeared it came in a bowing pos ture, but she could not tell what it was ; that next morning she asked Macpher son what it was that had troubled them the night before, and that he answered she might be easy, for it would trouble them no more." Now the counsel for the prisoners was one of the most eminent advocates in Scotland, Alexandria Lockhart, who was making then by far the largest professional income ever up to that time known North of the Tweed —considerably upwards of a thousand pounds a year, which may lie set out as equivalent to about three thousand a year in the present day. Lockhart was a notorious Jacobite, and had gained for himself much celebrity by defend ing the prisoners captured after the rising of '45. As in duty bound, he threw ridicule upon this story of the ghost, and he made his great point when in cross-examination of Macplier son, who could speak nothing but Gae lic, and whose evidence had to be interpreted to the Court, he said to the witness, "What language did the ghost speak in?' To which Macpherson promptly re plied, " As good Gaelic as ever I heard in Lochaber." " Pretty good for the ghost of an English sergeant," said Lockhart, and there was general laughter in Court. There was other evidence connecting the prisoner with the crime, the pos session of the murdered man's fowling piece and trinkets, and some suspicious circumstances which would have told heavily against the accused had not Lockhart laughed the case out of Court by the ridicule he threw upon the story of the English ghost that spoke " as good Gaelic as ever was heard in Loch aber." He declared that the whole case was trumped up by Mr. James Small, who had carefully instructed the witnesses for the prosecution what to say, and had endeavoured to intimi date witnesses for the defence from giving evidence. In the end after sitting continuously from seven o'clock on the morning of June 11, to six o'clock in the evening of June 12, the a verdict of ' Not guilty' was returned. The next day, as Mr. Lockhart was proceeding across the Parliament Close to the Courts, he was assaulted by Mr. James Small, who endeavoured to pro voke him to a duel. But Lockhart, who was a bully and a coward, ap pealed for protection to the Lords of Session, who had Small arrested and brought before them, but discharged him after lie had made an ample apo logy and entered into sureties of £50 to keep the peace for a twelve-month. But though the ghost story was so successfully laughed out of Court, its truth was not really disproved. And a careful examination of all the evi dence adduced at the trial leads us to wonder that the jury should have allowed themselves to overlook the very- remarkable character of Macpher son's evidence. Sir Walter Scott, in commenting on the case, suggested that as giving information was un- j popular in the Highlands, and espe cially when the accused were Jacobites, Macpherson trumped up the ghost story, knowing well that his supersti tious countrymen would jiardon his com municating the commission entrusted to him by a being from the other world. But the facts, as set forth in the report of the trial, do not support that theory. In the first place, Macpherson's story was corroborated by Isabel Machardie, who distinctly swore that she saw an apparition in the shealing exactly similar to that described by Macpher son as having appeared to him at the veiy same time and place. It was not shown that there was any collusion be tween the man and the woman; nor were their statements in any way shaken by cross-examination. Then Donald Farquharson's evidence as to his assisting Macpherson to bury the body was not disputed, and the ques tion arises how could Macpherson have known where the body was, or by whom the dead man. bad been mur dered, unless he had himself been one of the murderers or had seen the deed done 1 Yet neither of these hypotheses was suggested, nor was any attempt made to show how Macpherson could have kSown who the murderer was, and where the body was concealed, otherwise than by the supernatural mode he described. Then again, Mac pherson and Farquharson had clearly no malice against Terig and Mac donald, for three years elapsed without their saying a word to any one about the discovery of the body, and they would probably never have divulged the secret but for the active interference of Mr. James Small. Lastly, there was Lockliar.t's sneer about the ghost of an English sergeant speaking good Gaelie. But granting the apparition, what was there absurd about its speaking Gaelic 1 For aught we know to tlie contrary, in the spirit world all languages are alike familiar to its inhabitants, and, indeed, it would be preposterous to suppose that ghosts are confined to the tongue which they spoke when in the flesh. The thing that was extraordinary was the appa rition, not the language in which it spoke. Lockhart would probably, whatever his own scepticism may have been, have hardly dared to deny, in that superstitious age and country, the possibility of one from the unseen world " revisiting the glimpses of the moon,' and but for his smart and plausible ridicule of the Gaelic in the mouth of an English sergeant lie might have found it difficult to persuade even an Edinburgh jury that Macpherson was not telling the truth when he swore to his interview with the ghost of Ser geant Davies. That the man tho roughly believed that he had seen and talked with the spirit or wraith of the dead soldier we do not for a moment doubt. Whether he actually did see and hear what lie thought he saw and heard, or whether there are such tilings as ghosts, these are questions which we leave to the Psychological Society to answer. We would point out, how ever, one odd circumstance, that whereas in the former case of super natural evidence which we gave the prisoner, John Walker, of Chester-le Street, was hanged on the evidence of a ghost, which revealed the crime to a neighbour, in the present case the two prisoners were acquitted mainly he cause of the alleged ghostly revelation. The rest of the evidence against them was discredited, because of the ridicule thrown upon, the witnesses, who swore that their information came through a ghost. Yet years afterwards, when both Duncan Terig and Alexander Macdonald had gone to join Sergeant Da vies, their solicitor admitted that both he and Lockliart were firmly con vinced of their guilt and saw that their only chance of obtaining an acquittal was by throwing ridicule—as strong as it could be made—upon the story of the Serjeant's jliost. —Licensed Vic TUALLKHS GAZETTE. Hair on "Women's Faces.—There are some women of the. brunette type, usually with an olive skin, who have ; the misfortune to bear upon the upper ' lip, or on the sides of their face, just j in front of their ears, a growth of fine, ! dark hair. The hair is of the lanugo variety, and is noticeable only on ac count of its dark colour. The applica tion, by means of a camel's-hair brush, i of hydrogen peroxide will bleach the , hairs and render them invisible except I 011 very close inspection. As a preli minary measure, it is well to wash the [ growth with a solution of powdered | borax in water, to remove the grease . which adheres to every hair. The ap ! plication should be made several times a day until the liairs are thoroughly whitened, and after that as often as is necessary to maintain the colour. 