Stenograms. BY "ALLEGRETTO." An oath cannot be considered complete unless it has been rounded off by kissing the Book. The imprint of the lips upon the sacred cover is equivalent to putting a signature and seal upon the record of the oath. The essence of a judicial swear, although not expressed in so many words, is the calling down by the swearer, upon himself, of punishment by an invisible Avenger in the event of being guilty of perjury, but it is not until he presses his lips against the Living Word of the unseen Power that ha actually- put 3 himself " in circuit," and invites the lightning. The osculation is the expression in action of the " Strike me dead" which is novf regarded as a vulgar form of words, but which is virtually made use of by all who kiss the Book. This being the oase, I think magistrates should be very careful to see that only the real Word i 3 used in their courts for swearing pur* poses. No spurious versions or mixed compila tions should be allowed. Where there 19 ad mixture with the words of man there will bo any amount of leakage and interruption of the current, and the invitation to send the lightning along ceases to be an indication of " the courage of conscious truthfulness." I observe that in a case recently heard at the Small Debts Court, Rockhampton, the defendant, a lady, asked to be allowed to kis3 4icr own book, which she had in her pocket, and, upon the police magistrate consenting, she drew forth a piayerbook, and was sworn on that. Now, I hold that the essence of the sweav wa3 wanting in Uu3 case. The pressure of the lips upon such an inefficient instrument ac a prayer* book established no proper connection. The current, even if sent along from " the other end," would have been so weakened in trans mission that "the couracjo of conscious truthfulness" was not involved in the act at all. Let us have tho proper armature or none. And a great many besides Echo answer " None!" By the way, how will the "New Theology" which ha 3 given up the verbal inspiration of the Bible affect the custom of kissing the Book? If the visible symbols are not instinct with the supposed invisible fores there may have been no current all the time. Perhaps that explains why none of U3 ha 3 even seen anybody, not even a perjurer, struck dead in the act of kissing the Book. According to Mr. Stead, in the latest number of the Review r.f Rerieic*, " wo are on the eve of the Fourth Dimension of Space." This is the most momentous new 3 that any periodical has ever announced to the world. Floods, droughts, bank suspensions are not a circum stance compared with Ull3 impending develop ment. In the new stage of evolution, on " the eve" of which we now are, the whole field of human thought will undergo such a change that " many attributes which have hithorto been regarded as t^e exclusive possession of tho Deity will be shared with hi 3 creatures. . . . 1 The limitations of timo and spaoe disappear. Spirit is manifested through matter, and we entor into a new heaven and a new earth." yVoll done, Stead! But what a plain fellow like myself would wish to know is with what now organ or sense, or with what new attaohruent of nerves I am to become aware of this Fourth Dimension of Space. By means of ray eye I take in sense-impression of surface dimensions, and by the aid of the same organ combined with experiences of touoh I get at the idea of greater or less distance from myself, which means a third dimension. My ears and my no3e and even my sense of taste also confirm this impression of distance, and so my five senses all conspire in leading me to- the concepts of length, breadth, and thickness. Moreover, they also circumscribe my thoughts to these three dimen sions, and if there is a fourth dimension I shall want another organ to make me acquainted with it. That's what troubles me about Stead's announcement. If I (for a fellow must think of Number One first of all) — if I am "on the eve" of the "Fourth Dimen sion" there must be another organ going to sprout somewhere about me. I presume, from analogy, that being an organ of a high order it will, like the others, be in the head, and I am desperately put to know where it oan possibly be put in that quarter without destroying the symmetry of my present features. Is it to be another prominence like the no3e, or another hollow like the ear, or another orb like the eye? • I have met several people whose minds are really perturbed by this artiole of Stead's. It is Stead's vocation to perturb. He is a sonsa tion-monßer by trade. " The Fourth Dimen sion" is only a continuation of his " Ghosts." But he mistakes his proper field altogether when he makes an excursion into science. At the very outset of tho article the move news man betrays himself. "The Fourth Dimen sion,1' he says, "is something that can be ex pressed by mathematical formula, and can be imagined if you have a vivid imagination, but winch has never been seen by mortal man." And pray, William, what mortal man ever saw the first dimension, or the second, or the third? Even with your all- seeing eye, Williams did you ever see length ? Have you never learned that what we call " space" is simply one of the two modes under which the perceptive faculty discriminates between groups of perceptions ? Do you really imagine that it is an actual perceptual entity that a " mortal man" can sec ? As to the capability of express ing this fourth dimension in mathematical for rnalie, that can be done with any number of absurdities. Start with the idea that there may be a corner of the universe where two and two make five, and a mathematician will rig you up a system of calculation on that basis that will surprise you by its reasonableness. Then, again, I fear this is going to be a very long "eve" of Stead's, for the kind of phenomena now appearing, for the explanation of whioh ho calls in his Fourth Dimension were oommon enough six thousand years ago. The fact is this Fourth Dimension business was " bust up" over ton years since. Let anybody read Stallo'a "Concepts of Modern Physics," published in ISS2, and if that doesn't convince him that the Fourth Dimension is a mere brain vagary it must be because he doesn't understand the book. Perhaps it may comfort some disturbed souls to hear how one of the best geometricians of the day regards this sort of scientific puzzle. This i 3 what Carl Pearson saya: " Here"— meaning in the region of Fourth Dimension literature—"in this new playroom . . . metaphysician and theologian can for the present safely spin, beyond the sensible, the cobwebs which have been swept away by the scientific broom whenever they encumbered the habitable apartments of knowledge." It is generally conceded that when a Queens lander sets his mind to it he can evolve from the inner depths of his expensive and powerful imagination as good a snake story as most people. IJenco the tale of the snake that chased six Brisbane campers out at Humpy bong, and that of tho reptile that wriggled into a fowlhouso on Highgato Hill, swallowed two Cochin hens, and then, finding himself suddenly enlarged to a limit which prevented his wriggling through tho doorway, he, like Annie Laurie of ancient Scottish history, 'Maid him doon an' deed." Not long ago two Queens land ladies sleeping at a Northern hotel were rndely awakened at 8 a.m. by finding the bed clothca dragged off. The raya of the pale young moon revealed that the canso of this denudation was a snake, which was to be seen crawling down the spouting with the clothes between its fangs. I was sufficiently patriotic until now to suppose that Queensland had fairly takon the cake with these exhibits, but. I now unhesitatingly and without asking any ques tions yield the palm—that is the cake—to New South Wales. The story—and of course its truth 13 vouched for—is briefly this: A good lady for several nights in succession after retiring to rest felt something moving on the counterpane, and threw it off by a motion of the olothes under the impression that it was tho comfort-loving cat. Eventually tho lady's patience became exhausted, and she decided that if Grimalkin was not satisfied with being allowed inside without the additional luxury of going to bed she should bo kept without. Accordingly pussy was locked out, but hor mistress felt her hair begin to rise when after •gain retiring she still felt the animate object there. A light was obtained, and then it was found that the intruder was not a oat but a snake. The story goes on to say that tho snake was ensoonoed in a vegetable marrow which had been kept in the room for seed, and measured 4ft. Gin. when killed. Headers are asked not to ponder too much over this nor to ask how a snake could get inside a marrow, but simply to remember that truth is stranger than fiction, and lies—suoh lies, too—at the bottom, very deop down, of most snake anec dotes. 