THE NOVELIST. THE ONE TOO HAM.* BT MBS. LYNN LINTON. CHAPTER XVIII. "Well, Moira, and how are you?" said Etfie in her off-hand way. It mattered nothing to her that Moira was nvlrried woman in her own house and en titled i to the dignity of a formal greeting. Holding her as she did, so far below herself in mental stature, she was merely "Moira," a8 it might be " little girl" little fool to Effie. For had not the Uirtongirl edu cated herself out of all respect for the purely feminine virtues so entirely as to look on patience as poltroonery, and submission to the inevitable-the irresistible-as no better than the Idchetd of a slave? Wherefore Moira Brabazon, under the heel of her hus band as she notoriously was, had no claim whatever to Effie Chegwin's respect. " I am glad to see you, Effie," said Moira, catching the familiarity of her tone and re sponding to it. " You are thinner J" said Effie, examining her critically. "Am I?" returned Moira, not liking the scrutiny. " Thinner and paler and changed some how," continued Effie. " Less of a child, more of a woman ; lost some of the wax-doll prettiness, that was so pretty and so mind less, and gained something-not stronger; no, you are no stronger, you poor thing, but you are more conscious-more thoughtful." Moira smiled painfully and with evident constraint " You are just the Bame," she said. " 01), yes 1 I do not change," returned Effie. " I have come to all the experience I shall ever have. And it is experience that changes us. Years scarcely count, but thought, and knowledge, and action either makeor mar us- either strengthen and im prove or play the very devil with us alto gether." " Yes," said Moira. " Do you like your lite?" said Effie, abruptly. Moira glanced round with the half frightened look of one who lives in the atmosphere of ceaseless observation and tyrannous command. " It is rather dull and lonely." she said. "You look bored," said Effie. "I do not wonder at it. I should be-to extinction." "It is my own fault," said Moira, in her self-accusation conceding the question. "Your own fault, that you married a blooming prig ? Well! yes, that is so" said Effie tranquilly. " I don't exactly see how it is your fault that he is a blooming prig, but undoubtedly your fault that you married him." , " No, I mean rather that it is my own fault 1 am not better able to be his com panion," returned the loyal heart, sweet, un selfish, honourable as usual. "fie is so far beyond me in knowledge and intellect. I am such an ignoramus beside him." "A duffer, you mean," returned Effie " That, my dear, I can quite well believe. A duffer you were and are and always will be; but that does not excuse your prig. Two wrongs do not make one right, and two people who ought to be shaken up in a bag together, when perhaps they would come out something decent, are none the less a duffer and a prie as things are." " Laugh at me as much as you like, but you must not speak ill of my husband," said Moira. She spoke very gently, very timidly, re buke not being in her line. It was as if she had chastised a mastiff with a laoe pocket handkerchief-whipped a jibbing horge with a peacock's feather. " Oh, yoa dear little aaint 1 How like you that was!" cried Effie, shrugging her square shoulders. .Wanting to do the right thing -oh! eminently the right thing!-and not having as much courage as would say bo I to a goose. You poor dear little bit of gristle and protoplasm, how heavily handicapped you are by nature, and what a bad fight of it you make I" " We cannot all be alike," said Moira. "All like you?-timid little doves with silver wings, and the prey of hawks and kites ? No, certainly not," cried Effie. " Don't talk any more of myself," pleaded Moira. " Let us talk of something else." " By all means; of what else? What shall it be!" What have yon being doing V said Moira, trying to carry the war into the enemy's camp. "I? Justthe old thing," was the rather enigmatic reply. "And what is the old thing?" persisted Moira. " Trying to do some good and doubting of the result," said Effie, with a certain under tone of bitterness, remembering James Hartley. " We always do good if we try," was dear Moira's gentle platitude. " ltosh!" was Effie's rougher oomment " What a soeptio yoa are 1" Mid Moira. " And what an inexperienced little opti .oist you are 1" laughed Effie. M Oh, by the *ay," she then said, abruptly ohsnging the object; "yon met my cousin, George Arm strong, at Qeneva, did you not?" delioate oolour, which . was like that of * Pile peach blossom, on Moira's faoe "Opened to the tint of a blush-rose. 'Yea we met him," she aaid quite quietly, ®!re®i and voioe undisturbed, only that 8 'Khtljr-dagp^j nnlrmr thu jjgfl m interest .&ore; active than would have been roused * right of publishing thla work has baan pur obM#a the proprietors of The AudraUutm. had thqy talked of the crops or the hay harvest. " Yon liked him, I am Bore," queried Effie. '! What we saw of him, very much," said Moira. " Mr. Brabazon, too; t" . " Yet, I think bo." " What waa that companion of his likef asked Effie, fishing-for she knew Mr. For rester, if not intimately yet to some ap preciable extent. "Mr. Forrester? Oh 1 he was very nice, waa the reply. " A barrister, is he not?" "Yes ; Captain Armstrong said so." "Clever?" " Very, I believe." "Which did yon like best of the two?" was Effie'a next leading question. " I saw most of your cousin," was Moira's somewhat elusive reply. " And Mr. Brabazon most of Mr. For rester ?" "Yes." "He and my conain could not have had much io'common," said Effie with a sniff. "No, I do not think they had," returned Moira innocently. " At all events, we seemed naturally to divide like that, and it wbb better so. I£am sure that Mr. Brubazon and ] "YOUB PABDON," SAID MB. BBABAZON WITH GLACIAL POLITENESS.-CHAP. XVIII. Captain Armstrong would not have got on well together." "?No tw# men could be more unlike," said Effie. " No two oould be," echoed Moire. "Was Mr. Forrester handsomef asked Effie. "Nioe-Iooking," said Moira. " Do yon think George handsome T " Rather," was the reply. "Very," was the addition after a pause. A curious little look of relief passed over Effie's strong face. "He is such a good fellow!-such an honourable, upright fellow I" she cried, for her quite enthusiastically. She did not fear to praise tier cousin to Moira, nor did Bhe shrink from knowing that he and the beautiful young wife of that unsatisfactory prig bad been thrown to gether more than had she and this less known friend, for whose morals she oould not vouch BO confidently.. For George Arm strong's she could. He did not" mash " young married women. Had be not said so when aooused of this pleasant sinfulness with the pretty little fool who had fallen in love with him of her own proper motion, and then had tried to bring bim in as the active agent t And though Effie was unoonven tional and free-minded, and had iter own thoughts about marriage and divorce and in dividual rights extra to ties, she did not want to see Moira's life$poilt more than it was already. And to fall lii love with a man other than her husband-Would spoil-it from end to e»d without leaving a sound bit any where. If she had had ooursge, well and good. " She might then have reoonstraoted her shattered palace. But as she was-timid, narrow, as Effie pounted the old-fashioned Puritan sense of female modesty and virtue, it would be simply destructive; and Effie devoutly hoped., that nothing ot, the,kind would ever happen. At this praise of George Armstrong Mojra's JBnh eyes snone. ? "Yes, he seemed fo be a very fine gentle man," she said quaiutly. Effie caught at the word. " That is just it," she said smiling. "He iaeraphaticallya gentleman. He is not very intellectual, poor George, hut he is as gallant a soldier and -as free-hearted a fellow as lives on the face of the earth." "Sohe seemed to me," said Moira. " I wish he would marry," said Effie. " He would make a capital husband for any woman who would be content with character and conduct and would sink intellect and an extended kind of education." " I don't think a man wants anything more than character," said Moira. " Oh that is because you are overweighted by your prig," said Effie. " Intellect and priggishness are not the same things." "No," said Moira, suddenly anable to fight for her husband as she had fought for him before-suddenly so heavily oppressed by the consciousness of that intolerable priggishness which Effie thus crudely set forth as to yield without further remon strance or remarks. " I dare Bay he will come to stay with us this summer," then said Kffie. "Ob," said Moira, the blush-rose cheeks deepening now almost to damask. " He is a capital fellow in the country," continued Effie ; " a regular brick of an old chappie; and be will help no end in this dead-alive old place, where you all want stirring op with a Jong pole, if any one ever did." " It is uot very lively," said Moira ; bnt I she laughed a happy, musical little laugh as she said this, more as if she had praised the plaoe than belittled it-found it supremely pleasant rather than "dead-alive," as Effie said. "By the way, who has that little cottage in Fuller's-lans-Widow Burney's cottage, as it used to be called? A man lives there, and a rnffianjy-looking fellow he is tool Who is he? He haaa dog I know-a dog that belonged to a poor woman down White chapel way, that I used to see last year. How did he and the dog come here ? and what is be doing f "Oh, those are our two mysterious strangers," answered Moira. " What, the man and the dog," interrupted Effie. " No, two men," said Moira. " They came in the winter, and no one knows anything about them. They Bay they are writing a book, but they will not take any of Mr. Bra bazon's to help them. He offered them the run of his library, and they sent back a rather impertinent message. They were very rnde, I believe, to Mr. Carstairs, the vicar." " It the one I did not see is any way like the one I did, they mnst be a precious pair!" said Effle snitnhgly. " The one I saw looked more like a burglar or a dynamiter than a literary man." The wordstruok a chord in the speaker's brain, She Btopped in her talk, revolving, considering.' "They have « bad character in the place ; I don't knov-'Jwhy," said Moira. "But people are terrified by them somehow, though they have done nothing bad. Still, they are thought to be capable of every crime under heaven," " No wonder, by the looks of the one I saw." Effie spoke as if she were thinking more than speaking. A vague ides that here was the loat clue diffnaed itself as yet nebulously over her,mind. " Have they any women to do their work!" she asked, that nebulous idea Btill floating about her brain. " Yea ; a woman called Nancy Pyke," said Moira. . " Where does she live 1" , "I don't know. Somewhere ill the village.". , "And ahe' works for theffi t" "Yea." ; " A.tid talks about them ! " " A little. 1 believe ahe ia in mortal terror of them," said Moira. She heard all the goasip of the place from her maid, Mrs. Brace, who in her turn fathered it from the valet and the butler, n any case Moira knew more than Mr. Brabazon suspected, careful as ahe alwaya was to ahow the interest of novelty when he condescended to tell her aught. "Ah," Baid Effie Chegwin. drawing her breath a little through her teeth, and thinking to herself that the world should not be many days older before she would have found out Nancy Pyke, and have pumped her dry of all the information she could give con cerning these mysterious ruffians in "W idow Burney'a cottage, who had got ao bad a name in the place and owned Pincher, the cross ! grained cur which hail once belonged to | Mary Murphy and her man. I "But how do you know anything about them ? " asked Moira. I "Because I came across the fields and down «niter 8-iuu* iuia recognised ttie ilog,' said Effie. "And I wanted to know how any one here came by the poor brate, so knocked at the door, and saw one ot them. You say there are two T I saw only one." " Were you not frightened 1" asked Moira timidly. "I was not frightened," answered Kffie, with her well-known defiant toss; " bat I did not like the brute's looks. He was not a man I should care to meet on a dark night in a lonely lane, if I had only so much as in tanner in my purse I" " It is dreadful, Buch people being here at all," returned Moira with a shudder; and then the conversation shifted and drifted into the futile talk of a country place, where no one either dies or marries, elopes or becomes bankrupt, and " qaite well," "jast the same," " not so strong this winter as usual," are the answers which respond to the queries-starting forward like the butter scotch or Egyptian cigarettes when you put a penny in the slot-as mechanically and as inevitably. After a little time spent in this dreary waste of local gossip Eftie got up to go. As she was standing there wishing Moira good bye the door opened, and Mr. Brabazon entered the room. This waB quite contrary to his usual practice, but he knew that some one was in the house with his wife, and he came to see who it was, and if need be to prevent untimely communications. Ab he came into the room wim »*» w~ihcial air and stiff-stayed kind of elegance,. Moira turned a little pale, and Effie thought that never had she seen so unlovely and unlovable a man. How .'.his poor girl could endure the constant presence of so detestable a person passed her wit to compreheud. Had it been the, not another day should see her cabin'd, cribb'd, confin'd in this luxurious prition with such a gaoler-such a bondholder! But as she could not say this out in words, as indeed she would have liked, she turned to meet the master of the house as a guest should,. J.nd swingWelL Mr. Brabazon, and how is all with you ? completed the disgust he hadfelt at seeing who it was now with his wife, by the cavalier familiarity of her manner. " Your pardon," said Mr. Brabazon with glacial politeness. "Ifearl have disturbed an interesting colloquy.": " Not the least in the World," said 'Effie brusquely. "Our interesting toolloquy, if you like to call it so, has been ended long ago. We have thrasned out all we had to Bay to each other, and nothing more remains." " "Bat chaff,"said Mr. Brabazon, meaning refuse. " But chaffjH said Effle, meaning that half insolent banter which goes by this name. "Weare infinitely obliged for this early visit," then said Mr. Brabazon with a peculiar emphasis. " Early in the day-early in point of time ; it is really vastly obliging of you, Miss Chegwin, to look us up so soon." " I wanted to see Moira, to see bow she was getting on," said Effie. "And now that you have seen Mrs. Brabazon, I hope your verdict is favourable," said Launcelot, with concealed fury and expressed sarcasm. 'Pretty fair," replied Effie. "She looks paler and thinner than she did or than sbe ought to do. You have not taken too good care of her," she added maliciously. "I grieve to think that you consider her deteriorated," said Mr. Brabazon very stiffly. " I am quite well-indeed I am," put in Moira, in terror ot what would have to come. " So you say, but looks are truer than words," said Effie. " I always believe my eyes before my ears, and my eyes tell me that you are thinner, paler, and in the dol drums more than you used to be-off colour altogether." Moira laughed uneasily. "You have made a great mistake some how," she said, trying to pass the thing off as a joke. But Mr. Brabazon drew up his tall figure, so stiffly enclosed within his brown velvet vest and morning coat, and seemed viciously glad to take it in deadly earnest " It pains me," he said, " to think that I am making my wife, Mrs. Brabazon, un happy. I have done my little best to content and pleasure her. It humiliates me to know that I have succeeded so ill." "You have not," said Moira. " II you do really feel this, repent and do better," said Effie, with a shrill laugh. "Let your eyes be opened, and give her more fresh air and exercise. Come with me now, Moira," she continued. "They will be charmed to see you at Rose-cottage, and you can stay luncheon. I will too! you over again in time for dinner. We shall have a jolly afternoon if you will come. So go and get ready." Moira looked at her husband. She was too much taken aliack, too much aghast, to be suppliant. That afternoon of absolute freedom was too good to be true ; wherefore she looked with more fear than longing, and more deprecation than request. " That is a very good arrangement," said Mr. Brabazon. "I advise you, my dear Moira, to accept your friend's offer. It will be a pleasant break in the monotony of your days here with me, and will do something to wards restoring the bloom and cheerfulness which Miss Chegwin so frankly avers you have lost" " But I should not like to leave yon for so long alone," stammered Moira. ' " Thank you for what of personal considera tion there may be in that stereotyped little speech," returned Launcelot " But I think, my dear Moira, I shall be able to survive the infliction of your absence for a few hours. I shall console myself by the knowledge that you are finding better amusement than my poor efforts are able to effect or afford. And I presume you will return in time for the evening meaL' Now, no more discussion if you please. Go and prepare for your ex pedition, as Miss Chegwin has suggested. You will do me a pleasure by following that suggestion, which is also my own ; and I do not wish further argument" His manner was one which Moira by now knew too well to disregard. It was his pulverising manner, under which she felt as if physically crushed and broken. That is jolly," said Effie, controlling her impulse to fly out at this elegant oppressor, and tell him what a Buperfine hot-pressed brute she thought him; while Moira, frightened while glad, without another word left tbe room to put on her hat and boots, for an afternoon's freedom from her husband. All the same, poor girl, she knew that she would have to pay for this period of release, and that she had been made to go for devilry, not consideration. This afternoon's expedition was the be ginning of a new order of things in Moira's married life; and from this day onward her husband got rid of her whenever he conld shuffle her off on to any other hands than his own. He gave np his lectures, his lessons, bis instructions. He rarely spoke to her at home, and he never rebuked her. He never asked her wnere she was going, nor what she wished to do, and he told her of his own movements no more than he in quired of hers. In a word he abandoned her, and made her feel that he did. His grip had been close before and his hand heavy, but it had been meant for such love as he conld compass, and if disagreeable it had been so far conscientious. Now he was indifferent, estranged, alienated ; and he made her un derstand all this and wince under it. She was helpless to alter things. He would not allow her to speak; he would not allow her to remain at home. Day after day he ordered the carriage, or sent her back with Effie Chegwin when she called; and day after day he made her freedom more terrifying than her thraldom had been. Moira felt as one slipping down an incline. She did not know what was before her; all she knew was-she conld not arrest that descent wherever it might lead, in what terrible catastrophe soever it might end. This was what Effie's well-meaning efforts to loosen her chain had brought her. It would have been better, all things con- " sidered, if Bhe had been left undisturbed in her bondage. That bondage had been melancholy, soulless, depressing, but it bad not been actively dangerous. And now who knew what would happen, with a htis band so deeply offended in his self-love, and so completely estranged from even the loose kind of companionship he had hitherto held with his young wife t After all, when folks are married it is best to hang together if possible-undoubtedly best if the woman is as weak and little able to support herself as was Moira Brabazon. To such as these, even tyranny is better because more sustain ing than desertion, seeing that desertion is tbe withdrawal of every kind ot Bupport; and for weakness extraneous support is necessary. Chasteb XIX. , Those mysterious strangers still "trotted" in Effie's +>ead; and the idea that she was within hail of some secret which would be of value to the police was never absent from her mind. She found out where Nancy Pyke lived. And pattarthxaugh tb^milLoiagfciff examination. And though country folks are generally cautious, taciturn, and uncommuni cative, besides being in this instance mortally afraid of the oonsequenoes of "blabbing; the peasant.woman was no 'match for the clever' young lady' from London, who had neither rshyness nor sensitiveness, and who knew the value of every question she put as well <s the most practised Q.C. of them all. She succeeded in getting from Nancy all there was to tell, and by her power ot piecing two and two together she made a -very re spectable four indeed; Those big odd-Iooking books which she, Nancy, was not allowed to touch, which did not look like-other hooks, and which were so main heavy to lift-the claustial life led by these two gents trom London-the had language that flew about like sparrows of a spring morning if so much as a cock crowed when they didn't just like the way in which the,j- kept therosel ves to them selves, and let neither chick nor child enter, nor yet .see so ,much as the whisk of their coat- tails-"barricaded from outside intru sion and concealed from outside observation," according to Elsie's translation- the few letters they received, not like ordinary gentle folks' whose presence in a small country place so distinctly marks itself on the mail tag and the sale ot stamps at the post- office -all these things pointing to mystery and something hidden, interested Kffie to the last degree, in so much as tliej favoured her latest craze of volunteer police-agent. And ever at the back of her personal plea sure and excitement at the idea that she was on the track of something important was the hope that thereby she would Ije able to advance James Hartley's fortunes, and be the guardian angel, unsuspected, to whom he should owe his prosperity. SheBtudied the whole thing carefully and thought out every point, one by one and bit by bit. Then she' wrote to her friend, Inspector Smith, and told him all she had heard, putting the threads into his hands, herself not quite understanding their full value. Inspector Smith knew more and under stood better than she, and at once came to a larger conclusion. The dog was the clue that ill-mannered, cross-grained cur which had belonged to Murphy, the tool of those two American-Irish dynamiters who had dis appeared from London as strangely a& if they had melted into the air. But now the diffi culty was-who could identify them? Save Murphy himself, who, if even taken down from gaol, was not to be trusted, the inspec tor could hot put his hand'on anyone. Even James Hartley had not seen their faces, and had only heard their voices in the frag mentary conversation to which he had been the unseen auditor. Yet he would remember their voices again. A policeman's faculties are sharpened "to both observe and remember, and the tracking instincts are as common in them as with the hunter. After the discussion without which nothing can. be done. it was arranged then that James Hartley, 300 X, should go down to Summer Hill in the character of a gentle man looking for a bit of land whereon to build himself a house; and that he should beguile Widow Burney, poor soul, with so good an offer for her little freehold as to make'her swallow the bait whole. In which case be would have leave and license to go into the cottage, rented only by the week aB it was, the barricades of the present occu pants notwithstanding. The rest would be plain" ana easy! Perhaps not quite easy, all things-considered. To arrest two such des perate ruffians would not be as/simple a matter as to pick daisies and buttercups in a field.. But Japies would be accompanied by an " architect" and a " lawyer," supplied by the police from Exeter; and three of them, well armed, would surely be enough for the two the)' had to secure before these wpn!d. " get the drop on them," so sore to be their first instinctive movement. Above all things, too, James Hartley was warned to stand j^lear of Miss Chegwin, In spector Snath having a wholesome dread of women's chatter and hysterics, and a pro found conviction of their unfitness for parti cipation when ,rough work was about. The offer made to Widow Burney raised the heart and hopes of that good woman to the highest point of happiness. If she could get rid.-of her little freehold, which had become lonesome since her good man died and her daughter, removed to Exeter, she would then establish herself in Bome back street in. the county town, where she could Bee life and study the fashions. She would be nepr her daughter and her little ones ; and time would.pass more pleasantly than it did in that lonesome cottage down Fuller's-lane, which, now had . gathered round itself the mildew' of an evil reputation. It would be the ultimate ot her happiness ; and she gave permission for the ' architect" and the "lawyer" an<l the "gentleman from Lon don " wishing to build himself a house on the Bite of the cottage, to go over the place from end to end, with an alacrity that might hive made the,chief "conspirators" wince for nity., Case-bardeiied and devpted to the prote^opal,aspect of things as'they were so devoted as to be Ind'/fferent to the woman -tbeyw'ere! only too well pleased at the success Qf.'jtqe^r little stratagem, and went, off to Summer /. Hillfurnished with all the authorityjhey,wanted^ ! At'the ."Spotted Dpgi" where .they hired the trop.thatwas tf» tpke thtm tothe cottage, they apoke.tipfply pfthejr assigned motive.; anp'JameV^ npadei a lew' careless inquires about' the .present occupants, such as was natural forari intending purchaser to make He heard tip ill of the men, arid, he heard po good, '.They., had . ,bperi there for." some moiitj9s..npw; they piolested no one and did nopfte&hft;'pprthJof/Jjenefit; typt, somehpw the: .p£l#hl^o»i$6od'' Vjfi soamj,:, all maimer flueej,,tales '|iad cot about; No orie'lpv and ,tne dsfeptjible, 01& of ..ytjUjpg: a, hook wasn't .oy^r-wey credited.,.,.Some thought, they yreje co/nei^,, ang^m/i; fchpj;..|thfjr wfre rourdererf h|3ing i from juicer,, Bpme' 7made tbejp tp he i sipugg^rs,^ ^^ imagined fcep\ _iJ mi V' -t-i I i ? , 1 r 1 ? plots'against the empire-the bringing ih of i the French?, the assassination of the' Que^to,' the blowing up of Parliament, an 'atihed rising <lf the bad people ahd universal massaore of the good throughout the king dom. .' ? . It was h11 vague,, unfocussed, indeter minate ; but it was a general kind of sus: "picioh that had in it almost a point of. clairvoyance. And it seemed ,to , strengthen James Hartley's 'hand' as Vie smoked his cigar and drank his ginger-beer-to keep hie head cool and his senses clear. Then the trap was got ready and the three set out for the.little cottage. They drove up to the little gnte, when the trap moved away. The two contingencies of the horse being shot if the men tound themselves worsted, or of their seizing it and making off to the railway station if the police were hav ing the bad time, were to be avoided ; where fore the trap moved off further down the lane, and the three men got out and went up the puved walk to the door, across which the cur was lying. The first struggle was between the dog and James, who naturally headed this small pro cession and offered himself for the initial target. The fight brought both men to the window behind the curtain, their revolvers handy in their trousers pockets. It would not be the first time they had put a bullet through a man by this method of masked firing; and, if they caught an inkling of what was about, it would not be the last.. The dog beaten off, James Hartley rapped with the knobof bis stick at the door, which Tim, as usual, opened only so far ajar as he could manage to look through and speak through. - " I have come to look over the cottage said James, in an indifferent \oice. " Then you can't!" said Tim in a surly one. " No ! I have the owner's permission. I am wantine to buy," said James. He had his foot through the crack. " You may want," said Tim. "You don't oome in heie. So now you have your answer." 2 " That's a rough answer to a civil word," said James, with apparent imperturbable good-humour, his foot further through the He knew the voice, and felt sure of his man. The other two detectives pressed close behind him. At a concerted signal the three made a rush, which sent Tim sprawling on the floor; and befpre he had time to use his revolver the hauricuffs were on him, and lie was prostrate and powerless. But Dennis, revolver in hand, stcod behind the parlour door, resolved to sell bis liberty dearly when the moment came. " Copped !" shouted Tim, with an oath,; from the floor of -the little passage where he lay. ; . Dennis set the poor ajar-enough for Mm, not enough for a tjaiget. Three rapid flashes, three sudden, shirp reports, and the place was " painted red!"-blood- red in good sooth! The poor " architect" Jay in a heap over Tim, shot through the heart; the " lawyer" WBB disabled with a broken arm ; James Hartley had a bullet in hisside; butquick as thought, And before another shot could be fired, the dynamiter was stunned with a powerful Mow on his head, and the policeman WBB master of the situation. The capture had been effected at a coBt not lighjt, but it was effected ; jmd society was now freed from these two ruffians who were to nieh what noxious reptiles or beasts of prey are to the animal world. Their future harmlessnfcss had been bought by the life of a better man than they, and the serious disablement of two others. Still, it was worth what it had cost. . Stanching as btet he could the blood that was streaming from his wound, James went out into the road, whistling for the trap to return. At that moment Effie, accompanied by a huge dog and a fine, stalwart young farmer, cHme .walking up the lane. True to her code, she had already made friends among the people, and this man, Charles Boscawen, was one of those to whom she had " taken." She found him intelligent; and she foresaw an extra acre added to her field of knowledge by his association.K She would learn all about rotation ot crops, stock-raising, the lambing season, the illnesses of cows and horses, the "points " to be bred for, and many other bits of agricultural lore, which would be so much to the good of her burden of facts. Where fore she had made friends with this young tellow ; and now was going with him to the fields, ne, in deference to her, and liecause she was not mounted, walking on his own two feet rather than riding, as was his wont. Thus it was that they and his huge mastiff passed the cottage just a<? Jame6 Hartley staggered out to the gate, whistling for the trap to return. .... . - / Pale as a ghost covered with blood, first tottering in his gait and then leaning against the palings for Buppprt, the handsome young policeman appearm before the eyes of the girl who secretly loved him in .spite of her in heritance of social pride and state, like some ghastly vision horn ot disturbed dreams. And here, of all places in the world !-here before tjae dpor of this house, where her letter and Inspector Smith had in all proba bility brought him! "What had happened? In her zeal for hie advancement had Bhe been the cause of his hurt, perhaps his death ? With a curions little ciy, all the woman speaking in her heart and eloquent in her voice, she rushed forward^ to where James was leaning against the palings- just in time ' to catch Jum sas he fell Jainting, from loss, pf blood.- ) ? "Hillo! whate up?" pried the young ' farmer, in his turn dashing forward.; but his goal - was the house, into: which he rjiebed, leaving Effie, with James: Hartley's head in her lap, the trap drawn up before the gate with the <lriyer in a "blue funk," as he j afterwards expressed 4fc;: the two dogs in, I mortal combat, together-their growls ^nd savage barkfj, )tbeir snapping y^lle and cries jf'iptaln, toddihg to'the gruesomeness of the lVos6nwen found .a sight not usual in rural England, on tne Hoor lay Tlin.v«nft 6ver liitn whs tumbled the dead body of a man., In the inner room was Dennis, apparently as dead as thi'se otner two,'.for, despite his han cuffs, Tim had had to bequieted with a crack on his head tnat put him Out of the running and made him sense lens for the time. And the sole vocal human being leftof thelour was a man with a shattered arm sitting in a chair, more dead than alive. The poor fellow was' as white_ as James Hartley outside-his head in Effie's lapann her arms about him, tenderly holding thnm as though she feared his soul won 1.1 escape unless his body were kept close to her| bosom. " What's up?" said Charles again. ( *' Dynamiters that we've been after, said the policeman. "Police?" ., , *' Aye ; from Exeter. T'other outside from London. Plain clothes, you s^e." "Men dead?" Charh's jerked his thumb now to Dennis on the lloor here, now to the two in the little passage. "Stunned, the two of 'em. Our poor chap's gone." " You want a hand to carry 'em to the trap?" , , , "Aye, that's just so. My arms broke so I'm no good." V All right, I'll do the job. I'll take the dead one first" . j " We can lay him in the bottom," said the policeman, "and the London chap had better go with him. I'll wait litre. These two are safe for a bit They'll not come round inn hurry." . Without more words Charles went into the passage and lifted the dead man from off Tim's still breathing body. It was a heavy weight, but the young farmer was not fastidious, and though not accustomed to handling dead men shot through the heart in a Bcrimmage, he went about his appointed task as coolly as if he were picking up a pheasant. " The scared driver was of no good. His horse, too, whb uneasy, and Effie had her own work with poor James, and would not leave him to hold the brute's head instead of his. Wherefore Charles Bosca wen, assisted l>y such feeble efforts as the man with one arm smashed and useless could give, had to drag the dead body along the cobble-paved path and hustle it the beat way he could, on to the bottom of the trap. " Look here, MiBS. he then said to Effie,' " have yon ner\e enough to help get that man of yours and thiB other one, who's badly hurt, into the trap and carry 'em both to the 'Spotted Dog.'. ..Send back the trap, and I'll manage with the two left on hand, and get j the doctor. Here ere two villains here halt dead already, but we'll want the constable to take over thingB. 1 ami beat here. Do you ! go to the inn." | He aDoke with precision and authority, farmer though he was. Perhaps his experience as a volunteer had something to do with his capability of command. In any caBe Effie obeyed him #8 instinctively as if she bad been an^otderly receiving the1 commands of his captain. With neither shrinking nor dismay, with neither fear nor reltfctance, she helped Charles Boec*wen to iajr ttlie^Weeding sense-., less body of {the mati:4h£>>ioyed in the trap, saw theother woundrt jjolioHnan «*fe ae&ted; in the angle, And then Jhec^eJf got in and drove off with the dead and Jjie disabled to the "Spotted Dog."K: .Never since the citation of the world had there been such uproar of excitement in this Sleepy Hollow called Summer Hill as when Miss Chegwiq, the yonpgjady from London whose parents had taken Rose cottage, appeared m the village with her appalling freight. There was runnipg^o and fro, and the shrill screams of wqasmj mingled with the deeper voices of men. long-pent-up apprehension of the plafce found words and took visible shape now.Jni this tremendous finale; and everyone felt that at la&t; patienoe had been rewarded Wid~ life had given something worth living for. Suchfl an event as this would lust Summer Hill Tori a good generation or more; and what luukitj was to those who stood nearest to the wholej thing! . ,*] But in the midst of all this chaotic excite-j ment Effie kept her head as clear and cool 1 as if the question had been one of no moment, and soon had all things in train. The trap was sent back with a couple of able-bodied men to assist, one being the village, constable, who happened just now to l>e on the spot The doctor was on the spot too, for the benefit of poor James with that bullet in hiB side and his work only half done. Meantime, Inspector Smith could be telegraphed to for£orther orders ; for James, though seriously wounded, was not mortally so, and when his senses had returned had at least a clear m>nd-ii but a useless body. The Exeter policeman, with his broken arm, was in almost as bad a plight; and the two ruffians, atUl a little dazed with that hatd crack they had had on their heads, were not fit for much fight They were handcuffed, too, and well guarded ; and, not wishing to be blown to the stars by the premature ex plosion of dy&aAit;<\ had incontinently be trayed the those " books" which would not bpar roRgh handling, when they saw the carelesW'.Vay in which Charles BoBcawen was 'gbing about the business of inspection while the policemen were off the premises, and Wie^Were slowly gathering themselves tOi^ier. ' - : So now the Wjio|e'thing was1 in perfect train, and thfe mjfytery of this ill- famM cottage was £xpb$fcd 'to the gike -of>all the world. Thjfy!wete tttnfamiten' who-tfaAittefcn manufactdri^g'bG'AooB, not anthers who' had been' mfekihg 'tftttfefe; tftd they ' hard-.been' coiners as well, with a goodly hefep >of ifAlse noney rfeadyto be palrri>-d off'onttre unwary a ub current coin of the realm which any-one > iiight be 'glad toholdiahd hot <£ffoidYto ? 1 here Was no question of James Hartley's, return to London until such time as that wound of his had somewhat healed. He was smphatically disabled, and hadtobedarefiilly watched -aninuraeti. lie was even in worse plight than his brother officer froro;Exeterj who could be taken back there ahdriursed into heblth,'if nut efficiency again V for a smashed arm, bad as it was, did tiot-equal ' in gravity a bullet in the side, embedded union); the most delicate organs of,the .body, direct injury to which would- have been death without ..Itenelit of clergy. Wherefore, h? was bound to remain here at' Summer Hill, and the question was-Where was he to stay ?-who was to be his nurse? ! Eflie stood there in the room while /the doctor probed for the bullet, which,.happily, he found and extracted. Her presence was in no wise an embnrrassment, tor it'was evi dent to the doctor, from the lirst turn she made, that Bhe was familiar;wjth.surgical operations and ot more help than hindrance. He himself was of the new school,' And accustomed to the presence of lady ifutfees and lady students. He was a young man not long come into the neighbourhood, tice the old practitioner, lately deceased-the old practitioner who would have cried Out against the presence of a lady in ah operating room, as would ever the members of a well tiled lodge had .a woman been found con cealed beneath the table during the initiation of the neophytes. This new man, Dr. Mat hew Prince, was different. So far from being shocked he was glad ot the help, and profited by Effie's coolm^ssatid deftness as she profited by liiB largeness of view and "up-to-date" habits of thought. It was everything to her to be with the man she loved in thiB hour of his trial ; and once again, as twice before to-day, her insensi tiveness and masculine courage stood her in good stead and was of use toothers. Still the questions remained unanswered : Where was he to go? Who was to be his nurse ? The " Spotted Dog " was not quiet enoueh tor an invalid. The air was too heavily saiurated with the fumes of the tap-room and the reek of smoke to be tit for a surgical case where " pyaemia " is always a danger; and I there waB* no nurse worthy of :the name to be j found at Summer Hill, though, of course, a I trained woman could be sent over from'? Exeter, if Indeed even Exeter possessed one trained up to the height of Effie's require ments. Suddenly she made up her fniiid. Too dmuch accustomed to independent action tin give a thought to whether her father and mother inight approve or no, she deter mined on her course without the smallest reference to Miem ,or the chance of their dissatisfaction. SKe would take the wounded man to Hose-cottage, and there nurse him herself; she would give him her own room and content herself with the dressing-rooin adjoining, and. so far, she wfeuld sacrifice to the convenances-8he would have a nurse over gfrom Exeter, whom she would superin tend# nd keep from going wrong. .' IShlJmade it clear to herself that this was her jtogniden doty, for had itjiot been by her ahd-jpr^lone that these two* dynamiters had beeo teacked, and that Jaanes Hartley had come BO near to hisdeatbl What she hud dongshe must therefoiv tdilqd by, and take her mare of the consequenort accruing. topees time:"than ictakeato tell she had delivered hereelF Tot her intention ; ordered all tbip^B to herlpnng: won! the admiration, amounting to enthusiasm, j of the young doctor; wrapped up Jumea Hartley in a blanketvnd carried him off to Rose-cottage, after sfending a telegram to ? the hospital at Exeter for the best nurse th^y had and the one most familiar with sureical cases. And 4vhen the tether and mother returned home from a stroll in the woods, they found their home turnej. .ajwiri^utown iby Effie's latest lad, andjtfewi^iOTTOfactnan installed in Chegwin, with 