SPORTING NOTES. At the John Bull yards on June 23 Messrs. Barker & Chambers sold the chesnut gelding by Gang Forward — Pahnyra for £23 to Mr. W. E. Hubble, and the filly by Gang Forward — Adeliza to Mr. C. H. Wreford f jr £26 10s. Schamous, the steeplechaser, was passed in at £55. The committee of the Adelaide Racing Club have decided to introduce Bomo classic events into their next year's programme similar to the V.A.T.C. Sapling Stakes and the Caul field Guineas, where two- year-olds and three year-olds may meet each other on equal terms in the respective events. Mr. Blacktnore has sold his jumper Edom o' Gordon to J. E. Brewer, the crack rider. In connection with the Gawler Steeplechase, and the awarding of the stake to River ton, Mr. W. Paokham, the owner of LX.L, has submitted to us a copy of the notes of evidence taken before the stewards at Gawler, and his own commentB on the same, which he sent in to the S.A.J.C. Also a statutory declaration made by the clerk of the course, Mr. C. J. Cox, stating he directed the riders of the horses engaged in the Steeple aa to the course they were to run, and that the riders of I. XL. and Schamous, the two first horses past the post, ran the course in accor dance with the directions he had given them. This declaration, however, does not define the directions which the clerk of the course gave, 'and which may have been wrong directions so far as the proper course was concerned. We find the evidence -of two or three of the jockos to b9 contradictory, as Brennan, the rider of Schamous, states that he rode the proper course and did not cut oS a flag. He went outside the flag and round it twice (this being the flag pointed out by the olerk of the eourst-). Johnston, the rider of Ivo, says — 'I admit I made a mistake, and went inside the flag. Schamous and I went inside a flag the first time round, and the second time round went the same course. Schnmous, T.X.L., Cupbearer, and Ivo all went inside the flag at the south-west corner the second time round.' The evidence of Messrs. Howie, Cornelius, Hughes, and Deeney sup port this statement, but Messrs. Paokham, A. J. Lee, P. Brennan, and O. J. Cox give evi dence to the effeofe LXL. went the proper course. Mr. Packham states that one of the stewards and three of the witnesses in favor of Riverton ware interested is the verdict) because they had backed Riverton. We may remind Mr. Paokham that the S.A.J.C. on hearing his appeal took further evidence after dealing with the MSS. before them, and that Mr. Howie's explanation why Hiverton was so far behind was that the rider, hi3 son, saw that all the other horses (except Actress) had gone the wrong oourse, aud there, fore did pot bustle his horse, as he wan certain of winning if he stood up. The appeal was carefully heard by the committee of the S.A.J.C., and we certainly cannot see sufficient in the papers submitted to us to justify any other than the decision arrived at by the stewards and the committee. It may be said in Mr. Packham's favor, however, that he evidently believes I.X.L. fairly won the race, and in courting this publicity of the case affords a proof that he was not entering a frivolous protest. Under the circumstances the S.A.J.C. might be dis posed to stretch a point in favor of the ap pellant and remit the whole of the hearing fee. Mr.C. Wafcon returned to his home in the south-east on Tuesday, and the horse I.X.L. was taken up to compete in the steeplechase at Mount Gambier. Boxes have been engaged ' at the Farmers' Hotel there for Britannia and Diapur. The appearance of the weights for the Mel bourne and Caulfield Cups on Monday after noon afforded & subject of discussion amoncst turf students as to the relative merits of the two handicaps, and it will be eeen on com parison that Mr. Barnard, in the Caulfield ypp, has treated the Adelaide horfes more favorably than Mr. Dakin has in the two-mile ! event. The latter gentleman must have acquired a pretty exalted opinion of the powers of Vakeel to ask him to carry 2 lb. more than his weight-for-aRe (with gelding allowance), and to give weight away to Gorreze. St. Albans If., Oxide, Hopetonn, Ronda, Grey gown, Penance, Tarooola, and a host of others below him. Placing Cremorne at the head of affairs in the Caulfield Cup with 9 st. 13 lb., Mr. Barnard makes a difference of 6 lb. more for the shorter journey if Mr. Dakin's allotment of 9 st. 7 lb. to Cremorne ib correct for the Melbourne Cup ; whereas Vakeel has 8 st. 10 lb. in the Caul field aa against 8 st. 11 lb. in the two mile race, Fulham has 7 sfc. 13 lb., as against 8 st. 1 lb., and Lord Grenville iB on the same mark, 7 st. 5 lb., in both events. Of Jaok Robinson Mr. Barnard has a higher opinion than Mr. Dakin, as he has 8 lb. more to carry in the shorter race than the longer one. Port Admiral is 4 lb. better in the Caulfield than the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Crozier must be better pleased with Mr. Barnard's handiwork than Mr. Dakin's, and it is doubtful whether he now fancies Vakeel's chance for the big event aa mnch as he did before the weights appeared. Mr. Dakin has made a heavier handicap on this occasion than be did last year for the Mel bourne Cup. Strathmore then was allotted 9 Bt. 8 lb.. The Admiral 9 8tu 1 lb., and Zalinski 9 st. 4 lb., and all theee are now raised ; while Malvolio, a Cup winner, has bet-n dropped 4 ib. The first horse backed in Adelaide on Monday after the appearance of the weights was Paris for the Caulfield Cup, 300 to 9 being laid. This horse has only been raised 7 lb. on the weight he won with last year, when he romped home a winner by two'lengths. Our analysis of the weights will appear in & future issue. Very satisfactory acceptances have been re ceived for the handicaps in connection with the Mount Gambier winter meeting. Only Korma from the Handicap, Mermaid from the Steeplechase, and Cinderella, Sterling, and Eleona from the Federal Stakes ara the absentees from the list we previously pub lished. Thewinnerof thePort Adelaide Steeple, LX.L, ib to be sent away to Mount Gambier this week, and is likely to be steered by Alf. Reed in the Steeplechase, his handicap weight being 11 St. 4 lb., and he should have a great chance of winning in tbe company he will meet. The races take place on Wednesday and Thursday, July 5 and 6. The Mount Pleasant Conrsing Club have made their second fixture for the season for August 22, when a 4S dog all-aged stake will be run off. The secretary requests other clubs to note this date so as not to clash with the Mount fixture, as was unavoidably done in the case of the Waterloo Cup meeting at liuckland Park. Several Adelaide turfites intend beiug pre sent at the Mount Gambier races, and the club have obtained from the Railway Commis sioners the concession of excursion fares, and tickets will be issued on July 4. Mr. Barnett's mare Quality, who was sent to Melbourne by steamer with Howie's horses on Saturday, has arrived at Fiemington. Young Howie, who rode the wiuner in the Steeplechase at Caulfield en Saturday, returns to Adelaide to take charge of Salient. Mr. W. Gordon nas had another slice of bad luck in the death of Astronomie. This filly was .only thrown out of work a few days ago prior to being sent to Morambro for a long spell, aud being somewhat fresh reared in her box on Wednesday morning just as her feed was being brought to her and fell over, break ing her ue'k. Astronomie, a bay filly, 2 yrs., by The Vagabond — Stella, was kept more to teach boys to ride than with the idea of win ning races, and Master Gordon had twice ridden her in public, although he is only 11 years old. Much sympathy has been manifested in sporting circles ovci tbe unfortunate accident that befel Mr. C. Scott whilst in charge of the Burwood hounds last Saturday. The patient is a brother to Mr. J. W. Scott, of the Fitzroy Racing Club and Sherwood, and was well known as a fearless rider with the Melbourne hounds. On Tuesday morning (sajs tbe Herald) Mr. C. Scott is reported slightly better. He is still lying at the Royal Hotel, Surrey Hills, under the care of Drs. liiddle and Lempriere. Mr. M. R. Cranney, a bookmaker, who was injured last September when returning from Newcastle races through tbe train being de railed, sued the Railway Commissioners for damages. The amount was £3,000. When the case was part beard it was withdrawn, Mr. Cranney having agreed to a private settle ment. By wire from Melbourne we learn that Mr. F. F. Dakin has raided Pioneer, the winner of the V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race, 8 lb. in his weight for the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdles. It nas been calculated tnat over a million or money haa been invested in racing sweeps with one firm alone in Sydney during the last three years, as £550,000 was paid away for placed horses alone, and £500,000 for starters, non starters, and cash prizes. Mr. W. R. Wilson was expected to leave England for Australia on July 3, but since the cholera has cropped up he may remain at home for another month or so to avoid the risk of being quarantined out here. The general meeting of members of the V. R.C. to approve of the new rules of racing will be called for July 17. It is understood that the colors of Sir Robert Duff will probably be Eeen on the racecourse at no distant date. There appears to be more betting in Sydney than in Melbourne at present over coming events, and Mr. Oxenhatn's representative gives the following quotations: — V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle— 7 to 1 Tim Swiveller, 7 to 1 Wellington. 8 to 1 Satyr, 10 to 1 Redleap, 10 to 1 Merrigal, 10 to 1 Captain Webb. V. R.C. Grand National Steeple— 7 to 1 Shylock, 8 to 1 Albert, 8 to 1 Ouida, 9 to 1 Sir Wilfred. 10 to 1 Raven, 10 to 1 Tyro. V.R.O. G.N. Hurdle and Steeple double, 1000 to 10 ; combinations formed from the above-mentioned horses being the favorite picks. Caulfield Cup— Cremorne, Malolo, Newman, Delaware, Culloden, and Swordbearer are the most sup ported. Prices on the Caulfield Cup range from 1,000 to 5 to 1,000 to 30. V.R.C. Derby — Carnage is unquestionably the be&t; supported Derby candidate, and several wagers down to 1,000 to 160 have been written against his name. Pulvil, Havoc, Moths, Sailor Prince, and Projectile have also been supported. V.R.O. Derby and Melbourne Cup Double— 1,000 to 5 for mixed goods is still on offer. Melbourne Cup — Camoola, Cremorne, Doni zetti, Vakeel, J5, Sternohaser, Zalinski, Jona than, and Donation are the rocst consistently backed horses. The prioeB still on offer are from 1,000 to 5 to 1,000 to 30. Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup double — Doubles formed from the horses mentioned in the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups are moBt in demand, at 1,000 to 1 and 2, betting being fairly brisk on the events mentioned above. The late Mr. P. B. Coglin'sold stallion, The Hook, has met with his death in America through the vindictiveness of a rival stallion named Emperor. ' Hidalgo,' the correspon dent of the Australasian eaye : — The- old horse had been turned out in a high-fenced paddock adjoining that of the Emperor of Norfolk. The latter horse has a temper, and can kick the vane off a church steeple. The groom turned him into his paddock, and was about to take The Hook back into his box. Before he got to the gate of The Hook's paddock the old brown horse espied the Emperor, and made a rush for the fence that separated them. Tbe Emperor wheeled and kicked, striking the fence. A yell of pain from the old horse announced a mortal wound, for a piece of plank 2ti in. long by 10 in. wide and 1} in. thick had entered the fork of his breast, the forward end lodging directly uuder his withers. Lockjaw pet in ten days later, and the son of Juliet died ou April 2(-, after having made a gallant fight for his life. The Hook left 9 yearlings and 12 foals behind him.' The Hook was a eon of the fatuous Juliet, was once raced by Eli Jellett, aud at the sale of Mr. Coglin's stud passed into the hands of Mr. Cbirnside for 800 guineas, and was afterwards sold for America. W. L. Harper, a groom in the employ of Mr. S. M. Baker, was dressing Somnus the other day when the stallion seized him, and knock ing him down broke one of his arms and inflicted other injuries. The JVew Zealand Mail gives tbe following particulars of the satisfactory fiuancial condi tion of the Canterbury Jockey Olub : — ' The balance-sheet presented at the annual meeting of the Canterbury Jockey Cjub shows that, in spite of the depression, the club has bad a very successful year, and is in a very prosperous condition. The aggregate receipts for the searon juet closed, excluding the balance on the let May, 1692, were £17,403 17s. 10d., against £13,331 10*. for the preceding one, whilst thu expenditure, ex cluding cash in hand and money on deposit with the bank, has been £15,048 12s. lOd. against £11,051 L23. lOd. The profit made on last season's operation* is therelore £2,445 &-., a very satisfactory result. Tbe principal reason of the large increase visible in the totals both of receipts and expenditure is that the club this season took over the Cbri&tchurch; Hunt Club's meeting, on account of wh icb they had paid that club £251 2s. lid., as agreed uixm ata conference of the two clubs. Tbe statement uhowd that £4M- 10s. lid. had b---n ttpent on permanent improvements for enlarging tiin saddling paddock, erecting additional stall*, and en larging the jofkt'ys' room, and that there was a deposit of £3,000 at the bankers to cover all contingent liabilities for future tov°ntf, &uoh; as the Derby, Challenge Stakes, the Welcome and Champagne Stakes. The amount given in stakes during the past season was £I2,3G5 4-if as against £10,124 3s in 1831-92 and £9,406 lls. in 1890-1. Of course the institution of the Challenge Stakes accounts for the bulk of this year's increase.' The crosscountry rider, A. Death, who had his right thigh broken while piloting Tramp in the Steeplechase at tbe A. J.O. Winter meeting, is progressing favorably towards recovery at St. Vincent's Hospital. That Dareoin'e progeny are highly appre ciated in America is shown by the appended statement made by the well-known jockey. Garrison, to a representative of the Spirit of tine Tiintt: — 'I have a Darebin,' said he, 'that is the best colt I ever saw, and a half mile in 50 sec is jnBt easy work for him, and last night I offered my partner 7,500 dollars for his half-interest. John Mackey once whispered to me to buy the first black Darebin I clapped my eyes on, and that's why I bought this one.' The Kpntuoky (U.S.A.) Derby was decided on 10th May, and was won by Messrs. Cashing and Orth's ch c Lookout, by Troubadour, from Christina, in 2 min. 39i sec The well-known breeder and writer on trotting topics, M. T. Grattan, has (says the Spirit of the Times, U.S.A.) been experiment ing with aluminum horse shoes. He removed from one of bis horses steel shoes that had originally weighed 16 oz. in front and 9 oz. behind, and replaced them with aluminum shoes, which weighed 6 oz. in front and 3 oz. behind. In bulk the forward Bhoes are equal to a steel shoe weighing 20 oz., while the hind shoe is equal to a 10 oz. steel shoe. The result was a perfect success. He thus gives the result : — ' I went from the blacksmith shop to the track and gave the big lorse his head through the stretch a few times. The problem was solved ; no need of elbow boots ; no fear of sledge-hammer blows with a pound of steel on anvil tracks ; no waste of power, every atom of force of the immense muscular engine used smoothly in progression. The horse plainly realised it and enjoyed it, while I have not felt better since the day when 10,000 people rose as one person to applaud old Herod's sixth heat and victory.' The wet weather militated somewhat aeainst tbe attendance at the Oakleigh ractB last week, but still a good number turned up to witness the sport, which was specially varied and interesting. The principal events were the Ladies' Bracelet and the Novelty Distance Handicap. Both were good races. Poland was supposed to have a big say in the former, and started favorite at 2 to 1, Vieux Ross, Venus, Silvertail, and Surprise being most fancied of the others. Victory went to Surprise, with Souter Johnny Becond and Uncle Ben third. Silvertail ran well un til half-way up the straight, when he died away. The Novelty Handicap saw 16 starters toe their marks, the division moat numerously [represented being the horses, of which there were seven. Most critics thought the horses would have had the biggest say at the finish ; but none of them were in it. The speedy 14-hander, Bronzewing, ran with rare brilliancy, and landed the first prize about half a length ahead of W.H., also 14 hands, and Virtue, a 13.3 pony, third. The race for 12.2'a was won by Tommy Dodd, with Little Nell second, and Duumore third. The Trot was the easiest of things for Honor, who was remarkably well in in the handicap. The Clown, starting from the same mark, was beaten by Honor as easily as if be had been a cart horse, although finishing second. Badger was third. The Sailing races fell to Tommy Dodd and Vieux Rose respectively. Hero, who ran third in the last Newmarket Haudicap, has gone into J. E. Brewer's stable at Caulfield, and the gelding will pro bably be seen figuring in a hurdle race before long if ho takes kindly to the jumping busi ness. A meeting of the committee of the Deloraine Turf Club was huld on Saturday week to con sider the protest of Messrs. Powell and Wiseman against the winner of the Deloraine Handicap, Mischievous, about whose identity there has been a good deal of speculation. After discussion the following resolution was unanimously carried, pending its endorsement by the Tap.manian Turf Club:— 'That the brown gelding entered as Mischievous be die qualified for life, ako his nominator, Walter Tatlow, and that the stake be awarded to the second horse, Ella.' The issue of the weights for the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup on Monday did not (says the Argus) lead to any straight- out wager ing on either event, an offer of £5,000 to £250 on the field for the Melbourne Cup failing to bring about business. A fair number of double wagers were, however, booked at 1,000 to 2, Malolo being in most request for both events. Paris, Sainfoin, Newton, Gaillardia, Sword bearer, St. Albans II., Marco, and Ducrow were also picked for the Caulfield event, and Mal volio, Sternchaset, Swordbearer, The Admiral, Ronda, Donizetti, and Vakeel for the Fleming ton race. At prices ranging from 1,000 to 5 to 1,000 to 10 Carnage, Light Artillery, Pro jectile, Havoo, and Patron were backed for the V.RC. Derby in doubles with the Melbourne Cup candidates aboveinentioned. The V.'R C. Grand National events were not touched straight out, but for the Hurdle Race Merri gal, Tim Swiveller, and Satyr were couplid with Shylock, Tyro, Dondi, and Albert for the Steeplechase at prices ranging from 100 to 1 to 100 to 2. At the V.A.T.C. meeting on Saturday the Richmond Handicap gave H. Cu&din; an opportunity to display hiB ability in the saddle, and he won with the five-year-old gelding Marco, by Martini-Henri — Melanie, from The Doctor, Seacombe, and nine others. The Hurdle Race was won by the'Pioneer (Fer guaconl from Rushlight IL, Pateena, and five others. Tbe Cambria Plate wan appropriated by Wild Rose.byNewminster — Primrose, who won easily (with Morrison up) from Proh Pudor, Silence IL, and 10 others. The Steeplechase was won by Waiter, by Sopnus — Barmaid (well ridden by young Howie), Dondi (Cor rigan) being second, Expectation (Johnson) third, and 13 others. The winner was a 10 to 1 chance. The Selling Race was picked up by The Bud, by Richmond — Camellia, and as the horse was entered for nil the club realised £155 when he was bought in. The Cambria Purse went to Mr. W. R. Wilson's b g Repudiation, by First King — Pilgrimage (James), with Loch Ness and The Seine in positions, and 14 other starters. The winner was bred at St. Albans, and sold at one of the annual sales, but Mr. Wilson afterwards purchased the brother of the Nun back again as he had taken a fancy to him. On the sub ject of the Hurdle race the Age of Monday remarks:— The V.A.T.O. stewards dis tinguished themselves on Saturday by a most extraordinary finding in connection with the running of Rushlight II. in the Hurdle race. They demanded an explanation from J. E. Brewer, who rode the mare, and after holding an enquiry announced officially through the secretary that 'the stewards considered Brewer's riding very unsatisfactory'— and that was all. This is a verdict whioh certainly has the charm of novelty, and is a decided change from the stereotyped caution or the 'satis- factory explanation' which the same rider successfully offered recently to the Moonee Valley stewards. There was no punish ment, be it observed, directly attached to this 'very unsatisfactory' riding, bat it is at the same time a palpable expression of the stewards' opinion that such an experienced rider could and should have ridden a better race to win. Brewer will hardly know what to make of stewards' verdicts if he has to bear many more of them, and he must surely have experienced Borne trouble in deciding how to prepare his brief for this afternoon, when he appears before the V.R.C. committee to make the rather extraordinary complaint that a gentleman well known on the turf (and who Btranerely enough, was a steward at Moonee Valley and at Caulfield on Saturday), has 'a down' on him. The famous cross-country rider appears to be rather hard to please, or is else a born litigant, but if Saturday's finding did not leave him in a Btate of per plexity he must have a clearer head than a Philadelphia lawyer. A fatal accident in the hunting field is always denlorable because of its suddenness and its occurrence in the midst of excitement and enjoyment. On Saturday afternoon laBt when two ladies were thoroughly apprecioting a run with the Adelaide hounds and acquitting thrnifiplves to the admiration of all spectators an unfortunate lady in Melbourne was thrown from her horse and killed. Mrs. Hipbett, ?widow of the late Mr. W. E. Highett, solicitor, and the mother of a boy five years old and two little trirls, wa«one of the followers in a drag hunt with the Melbourne hound' at Kew. About 50 riders were present, and Airs. Highett was al way* well up with the master. ' Five or six milns had been traversed over beautiful hunting country at Caulfield, and the enjoyment of all was of the keenest, owing to the day being almost perfect for the snort. The Lilydale railway line was crossed safely between Box Hill and Blackburn, and then the hounds led the field at a smart pace to the Canterbury -road. Here two of the stiffest fences of the day had to be cleared, and though the first was not expected to pre sent much difficulty, the second was known to be such as would try the mettle of the best of the horses and riders, because of the fhortnesa of the going between and of the awkwardness of its situation. It is about 4 ft. in height and built of tha stoutest of railings, entrenched, a« it were, behind a gutter, a bit of a rise, and some soft yielding ground — a combination of disadvantages puzzling to a horse and perilous to the rider, who must needs meet with a mishap should the horse make a mistake. The five or six miles of hill and dale and occasional fences had settled the pretensions of some of the riders, and as Canterbury-road was approached tha field had been reduced to an Indian file. But the leaders were full of dash, and they set their horses at the road fences dauntlrSily. The first two or three, including Miss Cbirnside, got safely over, but in the next instant the bay horee Banmto. which had carried its intrepid rider, Mrs. Highett, for several years in the van cf the hun-E-, was notiond to Btrike tbe second fence, and to turn a somersault over it on to tbe other sida and upon his rider. Riding well up with Mrs. Highett were Mips Watson, Mr. Seton S. Williams, Li^ut. -Colonel Penno, Mr. C. P. Willan, Mr. Robert Watson, and Mr. Braobe, and all of these got safely over tl-o obstacle except Lieutenant-Colonel Penno, whose horse hautked with him at the fenje and gave him a fall which fortunately did him no injury and gave him little discomfort. When the batch had taken the fence Mrs. Highett'e horse had risen to his feet apparently unin jured, bub Mrs. Highett lay crushed and motionless upon the ground. Any hopes that she might have been merely, rendered uncon scious by her fall and was not seriously in jured 'were speedily dissipated. The noreo had fallen across her head and had crushed it in, terribly disfiguring her, and fracturing her skull so horribly that death must have been instantaneous. MeeBengersfsayetbejlrjiisJwere dispatched for the deceased lady's brotherin law, Dr. Lempriere, who washuntinginadjaoent country with the Burwood hounds. Singularly to Bay he had himself had a spill that afternoon which sprained his wrist and dislocated a thumb, while actingas master for Mr. Charles Scott, of Sherwood Park, who during the run had sustained a very bad fall, almost identical in circumstance to that which proved fatal to Mrs. Highett. Both clubs ceased their opera tions for the day, and the body of Mrs. Highett was sorrowfully removed to her home. The deceased lady was a daughter of Mrs. Crooke, of Tivoli, River-street, South Yarra, and she and her sisters, Mrs. C. Lempriere and Miss Crooke, have been familiar figures in the hunting world for several seasons. They always acquitted themselves so creditably that hunters with English experience had been ac customed to debate whether they would not have followed without fear and without acci dent the swiftest hounds in Leicestershire, which are said to be the fastest in the world. The following Indian novelty might be an attraction at the next Polo Club Gymkhana : — At a recent meeting at Mahableshwar one of the events was euphemistically styled 'Affinity Lloyd-Lindsay,' and called out eight couples. The contest was thus arranged. A lady and gentleman start together and ride over a small 'jump-up' to a shooting point, where syces and rifles are in waiting. Here the couple dismount, and fire at three bottles placed at a distance, maintaining the fire till each bottle is broken. That being accom plished the competitors remount and ride round a flag to the winning post, the ' affinity' past the winning post in the shortest time scoring as victors. At the same meeting the other events on the card included the 'Dre&s; and Turnout Stakes,' and the 'Billet- doux Stakes.' During the run of the Oakland hounds it is said that Rata, ridden by the amateur, Mr. R. H. Frew, was just about to take off at one of the highest obstacles encountered during the day, when Norley ran down tbe fence in front of Rata. It was too late for the gentleman on the latter to pull off, so over he went, clearing both hone and fence, without touching either. A writer in the Melbourne Table Talk is responsible for the following story: — 'Card playing for large stakes at the Melbourne clubs has been supposed to be a thing of the past, and certainly no very recent scandal has been current. The loss of a hundred or two at a Bitting is a mere bagatelle to wool kings, and if in turn they win from members who feel the pinch, the debt Eimply goes with other losses enumerated in the 'inevitable schedule.' Recently, however, there has been brought to light a gigantio transaction, one that would attract attention even at Monte Carlo, or in the society which lost itB money in the days when the Prince of Wales played baccarat. The loss amounted to £50,000, the winner being a South Australian gentleman, the loser a Victorian gentleman prominent amongst sportsmen and merchants. The ad ourned meeting of jockeys took place at the Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke-streeb, on Monday night, when a deputation, consisting of the following riders, was appointed to wait on the V.R.C. committee in reference to riding fees, viz. : — T. Corrigan, M. Burke, J. S. Edge, E. Power, W. Morrison, and C. Lewis. The scale of fees recommended by the committee appointed at a previous meeting received further consideration, and it was de cided that the deputation should only ask for its adoption in regard to losing mounts, the meeting considering that it was not advisable to ask the V.R.C. committee to alter its proposals as to winning mounts. The following are the suggestions in regard to feea which the deputation was requested to bring under the notice of the racing authorities : — On the Flat — Losing mount at Fiemington or Caulfield, £3 ; elsewhere, £2. Over Hurdles — Losing mount at Fiemington or Caulfield, £o ; elsewhere, £3. Over Fences — Losing mount at Fiemington or Caulfield, £10 ; elsewhere, £5. The idea of forming a jookeys' association was abandoned for the present. A resolution was carried to the effect that Mr. Claude Western should be awarded an honorarium for his services in promoting the meetings held, but Mr. Weston declined to accept anything. The V.R.C. committee met on Monday afternoon and conducted a vast amount of busiuees that came under notice. The ad journed hearing of J. E. Brewer's case, which related to tbe alleged unfair or spiteful treat ment of a certain steward at Moonee Valley, was discussed. After dne consideration of all Brewer had to say and write, the committee decided 'That there was no justification whatever for the allegations made in Brewer's letter.' Th9 sporting contributor to the Hamilton Spectator reproduces an old story which is pretty oorrect in the main. It will bear re peating : — The near approach of the Mount GambieT meeting recalls an amusing incident. It used to be a meeting at whioh the leading men in the 'metallic world' foregathered, knowing full well they were bound to meet with real sports, not only willing but able to back their opinions. On the first evening of a meeting a number of bookmakers assembled in the Mount Gambier Hotel, and discussed not only the results of the day, but also the probabilities of the morrow. Conversation was getting slack, a move to the kingdom of Morpheus was just about to be made, when who should come in but a well-known habitue of the sporting world, looking, something unusual for him, 'as serious as a duck in a thunderstorm.' His arrival completely changed the aspect of affairs. 'Hullo, X!' shouted 'the Leviathan,' 'where have you been all night?' 'Where have I been, eh? that's just it, I've been over to that blessed bazaar, and this is all I have got for a tenner.' With that X produced a curious innocent-looking toy — but innocent-looking only. This contained three minute dice or their equivalents, whioh, by means of mechanism, were made to turn over within their crystal enclosure. It was looked upon as a godsend, a circle was quickly formed, mild etakes deposited, and the dice sprung or turned. The stakes were 5s. each, but not once round could X win, 'the toy' was turning out to be to him a most infernal machine, and he openly wished he had never won the blessed thing at the bazaar raffle. Getting desperate he proposed to increase the stakes to £1, but still bad luck pursued him. Nothing daunted, he suggested 'a fiver a pop,' and then came tbe reward of his persistence ; nothing could go wrong with him, and he won 'hand over fidt,' until even the bookies got tired of losing and wished they had never seen him. The toy, as stated, was worked by mechanism, and this, it is said, 'could be altered to suit' by any per son acquainted with its intricacies. Among those who lost was 7, noted for conjuring and sleight-of-hand tricks. Waiting until X was fast asleep he went into his bedroom, got ' the toy,' and altered the mechanism in some way or other. How he did this history does not state, but next night when they again played X lost nearly all the money he had previously won to Y, and wondered what was the matter with 'the blessed thing.' A London cablegram states that) the well-known colt Meddler, by St. Gatien — Busybody, has been sold for £14,500. Meddler was this year greatly fancied for the Derby, which was won by Isinglass. His nominations for the Derby and other events unfortunately became void owing to the death of his owner, Mr. Abington Baird. The colt baa apparently been Bold by the trustees in deceased's estate. Meddler is a bay colt by St. Gatien, who ran a dead heat for the Eoglieh Derby with Harvester in 1SS4, from the equally well-known njare Busybody, winner of tbe One Thousand G uineas in 1SS4 and of the Oaks the same year. ' Mr. Abing ton' was aleo the owner of Busybody. Shying Horees are Near-sighted. — 'Why is it that shying in horses should he eei down to an ugly disposition I don't know,' said a pro minent veterinary surgeon. 'It must be because horsemen don t know what else to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is near-sighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near sightedness, and in nearly all caseB found what I expected. And now, when I am asked to give points on buying horses, I give this as one of the requisites — never buy a horse that is near-sighted. There are, however, twe exceptions to this rule. If tbe horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not near-sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple,' the surgeon continued. ' Of all animals the horse is tbe most gentle and even timid. He sees a strange object, and bis susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is suppuned that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true, but nut in tbe sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. He is near sighted.' As John L. Sullivan, the prize-fighter, was lying down in his berth in the sleeping car of tbe Bobton express be became angry because a one-armed lawyer, a Mr. Lizotte, reached aorosa him to shake hands with one of Sulli van's party. Tbe ex-champion jumped up, and with a vigorous kick in the groin sent Mr. Lizotte flying across the car. He rallied, however, and rushing at Sullivan, clinched with him, and, being a powerful man, bent him across the back of the car seat. After tbe men were separated by their friends, one of Sullivan's party struck the lawyer a violent blow in the face, ontting him severely. Sullivan then gripped Lizotte's throat, and tried to throttle him. John L. was put in gaol, bnt bail waa accepted for his appearance. He will have to stand bis trial for assault and battery. It was reported that while he was in gaol he paid Mr. Lizottn, the one-armed lawyer, with -whom the difficulty occurred, a rouud Bum to conipromibe the civil suit. - 