fl@ Traveller ? Beautiful Tasmania ITS LAKES AND LOCHS. No. 3. The old man, however, having given Eackett this assurance relapsed into a grim and stolid silence, only betraying by an occasional furtive glance from under his beetle brows that he heard or noted anything that was said around him. We got through the evening in the manner usual to men in ' our circumstances ; that is to say, we Bmoked and yarned, and ulti mately turned in and slept till morning ; turning out at the peep of day and plung ing into the waters of the lake like so many schoolboys. The strong bracing morning air W8S like champagne, and after our plunge we all set off to Constable Hurley's place, distant perhaps three-quarters of a mile. I began climbing the rocky a3cent known as The Old Man's Head. We got to the top with much scrambling and laughter,and then levelled our field glasses at the lake. The day was perfectly calm, not a breath of wind stirring, and the moraing sunshine swept the motion less surface of the waters with ita fire, and drove the white mists routed and blushing at the sun god's kiss before it, up the slopes- of the environing hills and away into cloudland and evane scence and invisibility, Cape?, headlands and promontoriesto the north and eaafc, all showed out in stately ? array ; in many hued magnificence which toned down into somewhat soberer colouring a? the day advanced. No sign of life was visible) on the surface of the water, nor for the mutter of that elsewhere, save at the eobtagu be low us, where one or two men were moving about. Directly before us as we gazed across the lake was a gaunt expanse of dull white, where erstwhile had been a living forest ; where now was but a collection of gnarled and blasted trunks on which the erubescent glow of early morn still lingered. * A most weird and impressive scene : beautiful and full of an infinite suggestive ness,' said Cragg. ' A shamefully unimproved locality : no hotels, no steam launches, no electric bells, no French cooks, no anything,' said Sharpe. 'Its true/ he continued, ' that we have our hunting lodges and our ancient chef, but here should be a palace hotel connected by rail and telegraph with all parts of the island; here to should be—' ' Breakfast,' roared Eickett, 'I shall perish of hunger if we stop here much lon ger.' .; ,...p' Thus reminded, we realised that we were all intensely hungry, and straight way descended to the lake shore and returned to camp. And the breakfast we consumed wa3 marvellous t- behold. Cragg went so far as to say that it was dis gusting. Then we discussed the programme for' the day ; and all agreeing that the beastly fineness of the weather shut off all hope of successful fishing in the lake, we at length decided to split into two partiesj Eackett and Sharpe takingjto the Shannon for fly flahihg, whilst Cragg and myself went away on a shooting expedition. We all trudged down to the bridge over the Shannon together, and there Cragg and I left Eackett and Sharpe to their own de vices. Cragg continuing down the stream, whilst I turned to the luft and skirted the ridge of the marsh known as Beckett's Lagoon, until I arrived at a point where it seemed likely that I should get a few ducks. Here I formed an ambuscade of one and waited in patience. I had not long to wait. When I h*d been about ten minutes in over, the report in quick suc cession of both Cragg's barrels put me on the qui vive, and almost immediately after wards a splendid lot of black and chesnut breasted ducks flaw across from his direc tion and settled within easy range. I gave them both barrels, and 15 birds remained behind for the bag, whilst the remainder winged an impetuous flight towards the Five-Mile Marsh, and we saw them no more. Cragg rejoined me near the bridge with nine fine birds, and we shouldered our spoil and trudged back to camp ; after wards visiting the western shore of Swan Bay, where we managed to eecure five brace more of splendid black ducks, weigh ing between three and four pounds each : after which, becoming intolerably hungry we returned to camp for lanch. Eackett and Sharpe were tbere before us and were lunching rabidly, and we came without delay to their assistance. The spread before us was simple and abundant, but both fish and game were excellent in quality and the merits of the coocking were undeniable. We astonished ourseives by our performances as trenchermen, and if the ghost of a saturnine smile flickering on the face of the white- aproned old man standing by the fire were truly indicative, we also pleased the cook. ' Now you fellows,' said Cragg, when the meal was at length ended and pipea were lit, 'give an account of your morning's work.' 1 Very well,' answered Sharpe, ' as you know already we had given the lake best for the morning, and after you left us at the bridge we pushed on down the river for about a mile and started fiy-fUhing. After about half an hour I managed to hook a beauty with the Black Palmer. He gave us some capital sporb — big fish— strong as a house— a ten ponnder. You'll see him round the corner on a bench with the rest.* ' And immediately afterwards,' cub in Eacketb excitedly, ' I hooked a wopper, Sharpe's fi3h was a baby to it.' Sharpe winked, and Cragg catching on s&id;, ' And how many pounds did your fish go?' ' Go,' answered Eackett disgustedly, ' be went the whole hog : — down the river with half my line. I was using a Wickhaaas fancy too. I piched up four very decent fish after, though.thpy averaged six pounds each.' Then Sharpe r-^suraad : — And I managed to secure half a dozja, ranging from three to eight pound.* each, in addition to the first big one. Co me and look at,em.' We went, and there on a rough table or bench «utside the hut were the eleven scaly beauties, weighing in all 77 pounds, and alongside, on the ground, were the 34 fat ducks that had fallen to Cragg's gun and my own. It was a very fair morning's work. Then we heard a faint distant murmur like the wail of a lost soul in some distant region of torture, and turning our gaze westwards, we behold the storm come down. Away at the far side of the lair', low down a small b'.a :k bank of cloud gathered near the horizon and grew apace. The di9tant hills became ob3cured in the rnisb of swif b falling rain. The low wailing of the wind bpc*me louder. The great cloud 'bank assailed the blue vault of heaven until the entire expanse was hiddeu behind tumbling mas?es or dirty grey. A ridge of white foam, like the surf that breaks on a bar, marked the march of the storm over the water of the lake. The temperature suddenly sinks some twenty degrees, and wind, rain, and cold suddenly smite us like the combined assault of an implacable enemy. ' By jove thats splendid,' said Eackett, ' we must go and fish in the lake.' And they Btraight way went, Sharpe and he j whilst Cragg and myself sat by the fir& and attempted two draw the cook into con versation, and later in the day when the weather moderated a bit, we went out again and tried the southern shore of Swan Bay and the Beehive, but met with very little success, only securing to more brace Rackett and Sharpe had nob returned when we got back; in fact we had. ' passed them in the lake, together , with three other fellows who were stopping at Hurley's, and it was getting duak when they returned, bringing with them five fish, one of which weighed 17 pounds. We callad upon them for an account, and they gave it during supper. ' We went,' said Rackett, ' towards Swan Bay. I was using a Devon 'bait, but Sharpe preferred natural bait. After fishing for about 20 minutes, I ran a fine fish that gave us some splendid play. Sharpe gaffed him. That chap was a ten and a half pounder. Well, after that we fished half way round the bay for nothing. Then Sharpe managed to get hold- of a fine female fish, a 12-pounder that was, and then I piched up a beauty almost at my feet ; gave us some splendid play, active fleh he was ; too much for me, I muffed him in the gaff and lost him. Then I hooked another almost immediately afterwards— a boomer ?—completely stripped my flight of hooks and got away. I was renewing the flight whon Sharpe sang out, and I saw a beauti ful fish jumpiner, out of the water, and fully fifty yards of Sharpe's line out. Of course I flung the new flight to the deuce until this fi3h was landed. He was a male fish in firm /irvnTHf.irm. and Tin weierhed seventeen pounds. We caught one each after that, but the fellows stopping at Hurleys seemed to behaving better sporb even than our selTes.' ' What on earth shall we do with them all ? ' asked Cragg. ? ' Perhaps,' said Sharpe, ' we cai get someone to smoke and dry them; its rather a'nitv that the fruits of our sporb should be wasted,or any part of it.' 'I'll smoke ther bloomin fish for yer, gents,' said our cook, ' if yer'll only sling us summat fer me trouble j a feller wants 'er drcp Jerjeummat short when he's smokin' fi3h,' added he reflectively , \ after a pause, ? jest ter keep ther smoke outen yer throat.' We had just settled this little detail to the old man's satisfaction, when the fellows from Hurley's came down fizzing with something good they had to tell. (To he Continued.) 