LECTURE ON CHEMISTRY. Last Friday Mr. E. Parry delivered a very interesting lecture on "Chemistry" illustrated by experiments, to the members of the Fremantle Debating Society. Mr. Howard Evans was in the chair. The lecturer said chemistry was one of the oldest and deepest of the sciences. It penetrates into every other science because it embraces the composition of everything known to man. The three kingdoms— animal, vegetable, and mineral — are operat- ed upon and analysed by the science of chemistry. Beyond that the composition of air and . water ; yes, and even the distant planets are determined by its study. The botanist decides the various species of the vegetable world, and classes the trees, shrubs, plants, &c;, into natural orders — or families, but he has to appeal to chemistry before he can discover the elements used by nature in the formation of each. The naturalist is shown a strange animal or insect and his science enables him to class it with some other known animal or insect. But the chemist analyses it and is able to demonstrate the fact that "we are of the earth earthy," for all the various elements of which we are composed are found in other forms in both the vegetable and mineral kingdoms. It is said that a full-sized man has enough iron in his body to make a good- sized pen knife. Then there are lime, phosphorous, and many other metallic and non-metallic elements in abundance, added to the gases hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen, which all go to make the substance of this earthly tabernacle and give sustenance to our so- called temple of clay, in which the ever- living soul of man dwells and moves during the Creator's pleasure. The geologist dives into the bosom of mother earth and describes the various strata, giving their ages and processes of forma- tion, looking back thousands of years into the distant past. He discloses the hidden treasures which when extracted and manufactured by the hand of man serve to enhance the utility and pleasure of his life, especially if a certain yellow metal made into a disc and stamped with a monarch's effigy happens to be very plentiful and ac- cessible. But chemistry has to be called in and applied to sever the elements which are contained in the composition of the many strata in this globe's variegated crust. Without the science of chemistry the geo- logist could not explain why coal is more combustible than copper, or why water thrown on burnt limestone causes heat. Like most uncommon facts, the scientific facts in chemistry are very wonderful and mysterious to us when we first become acquainted with them; yet they are not more wonderful than the common facts we see all around us in our daily walkthrough life and of which we seem to take but little notice. What more wonderful than growth in Nature ? Just watch the tiny cotyledon when it makes its first appearance above the surface of the soil. How soon the first leaves of the plant grow out from their hidden cell and declare the species to which it belongs ! Watch it as in a few weeks or months it shoots out into buds. Then the flower opens out, and what a beautiful, delicately painted, sweet-scented mystery it is ! Nothing that I can show you by experiment this evening is half so mysterious as that flower. Yet we pass by perhaps hundreds of things just as wonder- ful during the day. They are common. We take but little notice of them. If there are any present who have never seen some particular chemical experiment, which I shall endeavour to make before you this evening, you will be inclined to think it very wonderful, because it is uncommon to you. I must now ask your kind attention for a few minutes, and also your indulgent patience, as with the few materials at hand, and this being my first attempt at a lecture on chemistry, I shall not be surprised if some of the experiments will be carried out clumsily, and some totally fail ; but I ask you to remember that those faults or failures must not be attributed to imperfections in the laws of chemistry, but to the unscientific manipu- lations of the materials by me or to tech- nical defects iu the chemicals or apparatus used. The following experiments were then given: — The four elements, en- graving on steel, vapour of nails, magic ink, writing with a brush, conjuror's wine bottle, blood writing, liquid produced by two solids, solid produced by two liquids, two whites make one black, turning sugar into charcoal, and "a company of ghosts." The chairman, at the close of the lecture, thanked Mr. Parry, on behalf of the mem- bers, for his very entertaining discourse, and regretted that the attendance was not larger. After Mr. Parry had suitably re- sponded the meeting dispersed. 