A SOLDIER'S SECRET. Bv Capt. CHARLlirt KING, U.M.A. CHAPTER VII. (CoiiUim-.). ?Oiitr'it i'l-nvnvd rourn nguiii' nn^d we oraer, nna men, arms at right shoulder, baud and trum peters leading, Berrien'H inon, with quick, elastic Btep, with swing and life an& jaunttness in every stride, march square away across tlio parade, heading for the road in front of Farquhar's quar ters. The trumpets strike up their mor ??y, lively poal. With O7ie simultaneous :raBh the carbines are brought to the ?:arry, and Borrien lowers his saber in salute to the gray haired colonel, whose -;yes fill and -who bares for the moment !iis handsome head as he notes the spir if.ed bearing of the men. And now the head of column has roaohed the road and tnrne to the left, and now the trumpets oease and the full band bursts into martial song end afl along the row women sre waving hand kerchiefs wet with tears, even though manV are Bobbing ae though their hearts would break, and little children are nerohed on the gallery railings, shouting in shrill treble their goodby to papa, whfi tarns one brief glance, perhaps the very last on earth, and a big lump rises iu majsy a husky throat and stem eyes a:-(j diimned with Unwonted tears, and ?Tod alone knows the secret thoughts :iiiit go surging through the soldier i -rain, the never ceasing whisper of that still, email voice, 'What — what will be their fate if I am taken?' God alone can hear, God alone oan know the humility, the piteous pleading in the fluttered prayer that floate to him on i.i;,rh, 'Oh, guard and protect them, and ii it bo thy will in thy good time restore tilt.- father to his helpless little ones.' /. !i, it is one thing to go forth to fight f'r nu imperiled country, for an in filled flag, lo stake life and fortune ;iu-1 hope to guard the beloved ones at ili-pi iivuMde. nnd to feel that one is bat tling for 1 hem, for their honor, peace .?iikI fctuiv prot-iierity. Di'. it is ;i thing far different to be '. ,rn iVom li.viii.Lc arms and tho smilos and sunfiiiiiu in the little faces, theprat tlii-.g &u--; !;i-; 'ts of baby lips, to face j-ePT itiiei- yoh.v a Kavcgt ioe, ...-?«. i;K full well that, defeated, only death oan be the eoMier's fortune; that, victorious, the Only reward will be permission to slink back to the station whence one came. It is the Conquered Indian who rides in iri-imph to the nation's capital j and lcp.nis how great and good a thing it is to take the warpath every other year. It is all well enough for the' youug officers, the young tfoopets, to laugh and cheer. It is the husband and father among the seniors, the old campaigner t6 ihe rank and file— men who have been thrpagh many and many a bloody fight within some twenty years of national Peace and prosperity — men who have Seen dozens, hundreds of their cherished (jomraAes slaughtered in battle with i he Sicur— it is thoy who see the other side 6f the picture, and aski 'To what pur pose? To what end?' Outbreak has followed outbreak, cam paign has followed campaign, each marked by bitter losses in many a regi ment, each swelling the list of the ?jeido\v-:d and the fatherless, each tor Jnii;a'. A by th« final surrender of hostile bands satiated with the summer's slaugh ter ftnd shrewd enough to know that they have only to wave the white rag of submission to be restored to public con fidence and double rations. Step aside now, gentlemen of the army, bury your llead, patch up your wounds, go back to your stations and get ready for another Shindy in the apring. Ton have had four annual out&g;, ijie Indian only his first innings, ^ow 6om.es Wa eeoond* Kow the bureau t&kee; told, pud awtu go the prominent leaders of the red rl volt in the annual pilgrimage, the an nual starring tour through too *ast, and the sentimentalists swarm to meet them, and wheresoever they stop hosts of out fellow citizens throng to smile upon them, eager to clasp and shake the hands that less than a month ago were reeking with the blood of mutilated soldiery fox whom desolate women and bereaved lit tle ones are wailing hopelessly today. Vra victis! Go on in your triumphal ou*Quit,t*A brothers Baln-in-the-Pace, 'Thunder Bear, Blizzard gawk. Bejoioe in the sunshine of your prosperity; go back to your new lodges and tlnload your oheete of plunder, toe free will offerings of your palefaced kindred. The war has made you rich. Your squaws and chil dren revel in food and finery galore, and ehould supplies begin to slacken up & lit tle with the coming of another spring ehoot your agent, oarry off Hi* wife and daughters, aha itjWj iu for tooths* «»- jmeroffun. A* W^pu, weeping mtew and children of OapWa 6dmeroin|f— I've forgotten bis nfltoi— ffoot from wflffbufh jtythe Sioflfc last fall, &|fcbaok to the feast as best you o^j}, dry Wur tears, and fce happy oft tw&fitV; cnQsu a moajh. life what ote mudt expert la marrying tnto the* aftny. And now the last of the blue oolump has pofleea through the western gpfa, rfbd. a throng ofjimrad.es surges alter, ?very ma|i In the gamsott, not other wise 00 dfl^i trudging down through *he jnirt and rnuij to adb fierrfen'e bat |||R«t b the Waiting train. The guard fpTODgft to arniB and falls in line—the iuarf whom Brewstor v?bm to have re lieved at eight a. m.— and again the major lowers his saber In floknowledg ;! kneht of their salute, and so, down the , : '\\[\ 'Winding road, tramp, tramp, steadily, j- '-, , -isheerilx, even joyously, they go, anfl raeorrma psrauo bdoto a silent ana ae terred. Women are sobbing in one an other's arms, and Mrs. Berrien, seated at an upper window looking ont to the west, is stroking Winifred's glossy, rip pling tresses— Winifred, who, kneeling, bus buried her tear stained face in her mother's lap. Fainter and fainter the martial strains come floating up from the wooded valley. The band is play ing another quickstep now, its prelude full of vim and lifo and spirit, and then— What strange inspiration has possessed the leader? Listen! listen) Winifred raises her head and looks one instant with dilated eyes into her moth er's pallid, quivering face; then, cover ing her ears with her slender hands, burrowing again into her mother's lap, she bursts into a passion of tears. Listenl Sweet, soft, sad, the beautiful notes o{ the thrice beautiful old song are waited up on the gentle beeeze. God I to how many a breaking heart, how many a world worn, weary, yearning soul has it not spoken! Love not, lore not, re hapless sons of clay. It is too muoh for Mrs. Berrien. Brave, eelf controlled, uncomplaining as she has been through it all, this is test be yond her Btrength. Down comes the window with sudden clash, and then, drawing her daughter to her breast, clasping her in her loving, sheltering arms, the mother heart gives way, the sorrowing wife bows her head, and, rocking to and fro in worldless grief, mingles her tears with those of her be loved child. Cheer upon cheer comes swelling on the morning air. Cheer follows cheer as Berrien's men return the soul stirring, Boldierly goodby. Guidons wave from the thronging platforms. Bronzed faces njuf tfrvm ami'v nrlni^nnr TTnfa ar\A forage caps are tossing on high. Men rush alongside the Blowiy starting train for one last handclasp of the departing comrades. The echoes ring to the rol licking notes of their old charging, fighting tune. The trumpets answer from the crowded cars. The sun bursts through the eddying mist and streams in glorious radiance upon the scene. All here at the station throbs with soldier song and spirit and enthusiasm, but above— above, where in mournful pre monition one poor army wife is weeping over three little curly heads pillowed in her straining arms, there comes no sound of soldier triumph, no echo of soldier Bong, Sunshine and stirring music fol low the swiftly speeding train, but all is clerk and desolate now where gladness reigned but a day gone by. ohapt&eTvul; Letters from the front) What joy and comfort t&ey; bring!— for every | writer seems bent on convincing the anxious ones at home that there is no danger aad little discomfort, after all. TeleftTuins and brief not«s have bean : . .1. . vo i' -? »«? since lln- uenari. iij-ij v. . tiio regiment, but now tho two bat talions are reunited under Farquliar's command; they havo got shaken down into a speoics of winter cantonment with a p.-odly number oi L-omrarlu troops find troopers from the threati-:ir-.l de partment. The weathor has uot lic-.-:i uu-.r.u-illy severe thus f«r. Jit'U and horses stood the trip ndruirabl)', and no body pvowled at stiffened fingers and red uoses and benumbed feet us they rode in long column from the railway to the agency, and, now that fuel h;is been lngged up in abundauco and fur caps and 'blizzard coats' are coming and tho Indians hovering about the camps seem deeply impressed with the numbers and readiness of the white soldiers and all promises well, the letters grow longer and more freouent. 'It U md'torothcr.' i 'We are doing first rate, Bess dear,' wrote Berrien, 'and all are hopeful that with the surrounding of the big band or hostiles in the Bad River valley the most uncertain feature of the business is at an end. If they oan be quietly herded in to the reservation andinduoed to give up all their arms and ponies, there will be no further trouble, l'he health and spirit of the regiment are ex oellent, and, while I hope no emergency will arise, I oan bet that if there should be a shindy the Twelfth will give good acoouut of itself . Farquhar keeps us on the alert and there is no rusting, Got ham has joined from leave, eo that Brewsber, to his infinite disgust I doUbi not, has had to fall back to second plaoe.. He and Eolfe are about the only gloomy spirits in the command, and of Brewstot 1 sea very little. Ever eince the episode of wbioh I told you and her most signlfl oant appearance at the depot; in town while we were being switched to Hie ^ife^-fc^ J J*¥e. Mt J#lt Jffit . coving anyenmg to q-? wjptn jam. SW do you suppose she heard of out morve, since she left the hop before any on! knew of it? There were a few other ladies there, Z admit, for they were etflj with us when the orders came, and ifchad cleared by the time we reached the depot. She, however, seemed to hang on to him and nobody else to ih& very last. I ! 4m distressed at what you tell me about ; Winifred, end the more I think of It tho I move t dm disposed to urge you* in* ? slant aooeptanoe of mix Guthiie% in vitation. It will be the very best anti dote t know of— a few weeks in St. Louis society— if sne has indeed, as you fear, beoome interested in him. Oo by ajl means; it will do you good— do Win ifred a world of good (get her some new govrni, and take in ail the parties and al\ the gayety you possibly can), and ft wUl be a good thing for Miss Guthrie too, 'Now, this Jfl strictly ^ntre U0U& Eolden is worried about her, and in dourse of a long talk we had last; night he showed me a letter just received from Mrs. Holdeu. Of course ebe is afl upset by bis having to take the field, and wants to leave the children wito her mother and oome up here to him. but she couldn't be in oamp and there isn't a room to be had at the railway station, The place is Just crammeS with newspaper men and quartermaa ter'B people. Mrs. Holden writes fchaj; ever since the night of that queer al venture of hers at the fort Nita has been unlike herself— strange, nervous, almost hysterical at times. She will permit no allusion to it, and seems Striving to forget it all. She goes every where, morning, noon and night, but looks haggard and 111. 1 gather from what Holden said that, ae you onoe sur mised, there was an old affair which may have had something to do with hep persistent refusal of every offer) but what that could have had to do with her fright at Pawnee I cannot imagine. Holdeu agrees with me, however, that I it would be a oapital thing if you and ' Winnie would pay her the visit she urges i so again, I say, go by all means. I 'By the way, I wish you would ran ; over and 6ee Mrs. Thorpe as often as i you can. Her letters have a depressing ! effect on the captain. He tells me tho '? only insurance he has in all the world is in tho Army mutual, but three thousand dollars would hardly pay their debts ; and take care of them for a year if any- ' thing were to happen to him. Don't be alarmed by newspaper stories of the lighted skies and howling ghost dancers. ? Indians will dance all night on any prov- ? oeation, and our fires light the ekies quite aa much as theirs. Sergeant Ellis, who volunteered' to push through with dispatches to Buller'e command some- i where on the other side of the Bad ' Lands, got book all right this morning ' and aays he had hardly any difficulty Ifi \ working a way through the hostiles. That fellow, I think, is going to make a name for himself in this campaign. He is always ready for anything that turns i up. ! 'I hear that Breweter and Ridgeway have had a row and do not speak. 8om$ of the boys know what it's all about, but woa't tell me. Do you kuowfc Now, . unless you wirs to the contrary, I shall address my next care of Eton. Warren L. ftuthrte, St. Louis.' | i luen neuron got a letter. H« was now coiiimanflingomoer of tho post, and ;?. :.j iiUi'o:u:-.i:;!g i:i ?. '. t: -.n.^lia'ulness imd attention to tho households of the ibsent officers. It was Rolfe who wrote i to him, and Kenyon was well nigh at uis wits' end in the endeavor to conjeo 'You remember my saying I could find tbat stolen picture if I could but have authority to search one room, at the post. It is my conviction still that the man who goes by tho name o'f Hilts was the thief. He had a look box at the post office in town, number twenty-three, and letters have been forwarded to him here by the postmaster, two of which were not addressed to Sergeant Ellis or to G. B. Ellis, Twelfth cavalry, but tp Ealph Erroll, box twenty-three. When he returned from detached service this morning the sergeant major handed him his mail and asked him if those addi tional letters were his. He turned red, then pale, but eaid yes. Both these were from Louisville, as I happen to knowj both were addressed in the same band that of an educated woman— and there is no doubt in my mind that this Ellis or Erroll has a screw loose in his reoord. Brewster knows something of his past, but refuses to tell. It is of vital Impor tance to me to find out who and what h0 is, for I believe him to have been guilty of a'crime beside which the theft of tiiw 'Now, I want jrou to do something for me, A man will call on you within a few days, presenting a letter of intro* Auction from me. He is a detective from Chicago. He has oertain Inquiries to'make at the post and in town before going to Louisville, and it ehould not be known that he is a detective at alL Give him every facility in your power. Intro duce him to the postmaster as a friend of mine, if you prefer It, and let him oo oupy my quarters while at the garrison, He will want to see jfoe flrehouse and apparatus and all about Holden's quar ters. Kathleen is there in charge, and ; Holden has no objection, though be j pooh poohs the efforts I am making to get at the bottom of this strange mud ness. I hope I am uot asking too muoh of you. 'I saw Hearn last evening, just fa from a ten days' ecout with Lane% jquadron over toward theWflkpaShioha, He asked after you andsent cordjal re t wap were on men- uoueyutoou w\fx WMU j tpelr regiments were ordered to the field, j ft reconciles one to being a bachelor j ¥&e; major put the letter down and j pondered long, perplexed and annoyed. I Ho had known Rolfe but a short tune, I and had learned to know him mainly ' through Holden. He knew hun to be ' resolute, positive, even aggressive at . times. He admired his soldierly quali j ties and respected hie ability. But when finally lie rose from his desk after stow ing thai letter away old Itenyon ex pressed himself about as followet 'That fellow needs a wife. He is too muoh fip oustomed to having his own way. rty be hanged if I'll do any detective wore for him or anybody else. If Holdeo Wants his house searched, Holden oan flay bo.' Two days later the major had the mournful pleasure of escorting krs. afk$ Mias Berrien to the train, iad as It Steamed away eastward a man wh.0 had stepped from the day car as Kenyoa blaoed his fair charges on the sleengr Oftnw forward and handed him a OPte addressed in Eolfe's charaoterlsfla ftand. 'gfcapw who you are,' salft Ijeeav8a. 'ITbtiwiU find me at myofaw inthi garrison yrhea you get up there. Anft Stepping into the waiting wagon he bade the driver go ahead, leaving the deteot ivd io tome up in the post stage. toiat evening he wrote a short letter to Eolfe, aud tjie gentleman ttwa Ohl oago indited a long one— both of wbioh would Have served to surprise t£iat Qaunly superior soldier not a little had they reached him in due course of oiafl, whion. however, they did not. It tfbs dome time before he saw them tt ell, k» WUfln they were unloaded from1 lhA niaiibagfl at the wintry oaotonmehj i Rolfe, wkii Berrien's Batteliaa7*«» ! miles away. getting no reply to his missives and Utue encouragement at tae post, tft^ j gtrflnge civilian suddenly departed afteV toee days' apparently aimless stay, and trie nest) heard of him was in the shape of a letter from Louisville, OouldMajof fcenyon procure for him anyhoWi any where, $, photograph of Sergeant Elite? No, Major Kenyon couldn't, and was vefy short (a saying eo. And (low Deoember was come, and the Blx was crisp and keen in the valley of the Pawnee, the sunshine radiant and Sparkling) but far to the north the win try winds were howling about the flimjay cantonment and whirling the enow through every cranny and orach. »M the long nights on outpost and taoker frere outer cold. But through ft all the various battalions of horse wereeejit soouting tn turn around the reservation, and more and more the young wanton dribbled away from the agenoies aid were next heard of welcomed with afi olamations by the savage hosts la the fastnesses of the Bad Lands, and every hour increased the prospect of sharp fighting in the near future. But all the letters to the anxious hearts at home were full of hope and cheer, full ol prophecy that everything would soon be Settled. The renegade bands were all 'located' and being slowly hemmed in. The Twelfth would eat its Christmas dinner at Pawnee after all, they hoped. And in St. Louis Miss Guthrie was ex erting herself to see that her charming guests were having the loveliest kind of a time. Dinners, luncheon?, curds, thea ters and dancing parties followed in quick BiiopeEsioii. The new gowns weft being lii&d6; &$ fast as famous modistes could evolve and construct them, and Winifred was rushed from one scene of gayety to another. 'Nothing could have been more charm ing UIAU our welcome,' wrote Mrs. Bef' rioa tober beloved Dick, 'nothing moire deUahttul than the round of enterta)4- mebtt to whwb we are bidden. One has »iaju*y twQxe to tiiink. ,a u for ww'itimy a iqvbd ?& lufOv flajB. and v^e eve t^nft^^ 0vmtn% ifioater^bdt half tun hour. Mrs flolden comes over i. .t-iy u,»y, auu we ezohaiwe euoh news as we have of the dear old regiment and the dearer ones who are pur especial property. She is what % Oftil ft genuine woman, and I like her niore and more. I must tell you fiome&ing; I learned through her. The day after Our arrival we were in the j library, and my attention was attracted j by a UlXge portrait, apparently a crayon Qbpf of % photograph, that hung over the mantel. It was of a singularly handflome young man, and I knew at onoe he must be a Guthrie. 'It is my ' brother,1 eaid Nita, in such a ead, con- j stwdned tone, 'taken just a few weeks j before his death six years ago.' Of course I could a«k no more, but Wini fred and I both noted how utterly her face changed, how unspeakably dis tressed a look came into her eyes. We could see then why Mrs. Holden should havo eaid she was haggard and ill, and yesterday Mrs, Holden told me some thing of his story. He was barely twen ty-two, the idol of the family and im mensely popular in sooiety. He was as sistant cashier in one of the big banks here, and one day the sudden discovery was made that In some mysterious way quite a large sum was missing, money for which he was responsible, but he could not account for It; neither could anybody else. The matter was invosti* gatejij&orouirhlv.; TO BE CONTINUED. 