A SOLDIER'S SECEET. By Capt. CHARLES KING, U.S.A. CHAPTER XW. / ? / ? 'llotv's the arm- lodnii. Ellis?' A month later and Holdcu has Uis wounded safely housed under the roof of the hospital at old Pawnee, many severely shattered or suffering great pain. Many will bear to their dying day mementos of that savage Decem ber battle. Some of the twoscore j,re doing very well; others perhaps have done better, and are sleeping under the fl::;:. .'. ';i::.y man i.; ILjlilen, auJ a very proud uiii.'. ;.-; he has ih' light to be, for one mii'I ;?!! ilu trailers love to 6peak of him as their 'fighting sawbones.' He was in tUu thick of it all when the rush i of ..10 i\ i/ward mounted troops swept iiiiiu and tlirough these fire spitting i loilgus, and the Indians — warriors, j 6q;.'.ws and children — wore scattering, j figuring fiercely all the way to the shelter of the ravines among the bluffs. Tireless as ever he and his assistants are constantly at the bedsicLesof the wound ed. So is the Chaplain, one of the church militant, whose 'soul's in arms and eager for the fray,' for his friends of the Twelfth are under two fires. Gallantly and well have they with stood that which, with sudden treachery at the hands of their wi vage foes, flushed in their verv faces. lint ilv,.v Icu-a nn ' redress as against this- .:-??; civilized lashing at their very bai k.. The par son's pennon Sunday morning in answer to ilio driveling Peiitiinoiiti'.iity of cer tain ui.'.rii 'il wi.j..;-i--.rifj;iariro3j tho scene ui coiiiiici,;.:;u-'.~:t i if tea via Tien yon and his comrades uut of their Feat?. The major hugged his chaplain after service and stopped to shake hand:; with him every time he met him durij.-^i!;e afternoon. In many a pulpit east of the Missouri with tearful fervor wan 1'ne picture drav.ii of those helpless, plead ing Indian mothers, those shrieking, ter rified little Indian babes, ruthlessly slaughtered by a brutal and infuriated soldiery. Nor were the clergy without warrant for their 'bottom facts,' since in some mysterious way the represent a tives of the press, hovering about that impersonal section of military anatomy known as headquarters, were flooding the columns of their journals with para graphs about the wanton kill '.rig of wo men and children in the fight in front of the Twelfth. 'Holy Joe,' as the parson had been termed, knew well the day when, in the seclusion and simplicity of his seminary life, he would have swallowed whole just such statements and turned up the whites of his eyes in sympathetic horror at the recital. But the man of God on the banks of the Merrimac and his brother in the cross on the upper Mis ? Bouri see very different sides of the vex ing Indian question. ''Holy Joe' at Pawnee this sparkling month of Janu ary was mad clear through at the indig . —nities and aspersions cast upon his blue coated comrades. He wrestled with the brethren of his cloth and downed them. He even dared to establish a censorship of the press and to keep from the hands of his precious wounded those journals which had assailed the Twelfth. He had had his hands rfuU, poor fel low, long before the wounded came, for those were dire days and nights after the news was flashed to the post and the widowed and fatherless in their afflic tion were thrown unon hie ha7irlK Prim Mrs. Thorpe! Ah, she was only one of several. There was wailing among rhe wives and little ones down where once the soldiers' families were bo thickly clustered. There were other households in dread anxiety. There were wemen broken down with grief and sleepless watching. There was one bo ill ehe oould not even now be told she would ^SP^J^ir again. But draw the veil. It ?:J--^'r- '?#«'.*«!; such bleeding' hearts and on the men who bore the brunt of the fiercest s. fighting of the campaign that the lash of press and pulpit fell. ; ?ft-. But old Kenyonwas in his element. ?-.; - To the best and kindliest of men there is £?' in.belng able to say 'Didn't I tell yon .£? sore, joy that surpasses the sweets of K^,- religious consolation. It was something 5c to hear him declaiming among the artil. 8 _ lery and infantry officers during the 6' ' 4aye that followed the announcement of %,:,. official investigation at the expense of |' the Pawnee battalions. 'Why, gentle 5 . men.saia ne, 'l nave never ceased to %\ , thank God f didn't take the chance for |$- promotion that came in the reorganiza Jg' ':'? tion twenty years ago, I was one of the W.X senior captains of iufantry.tlien. Icould g- have got one of those cavalry vacancies m'r vw* as well as not— been a yellow major lis- ten years before tlio leaves flroppea on my shoulders in the blue; but if by any chance I were ordered into the dragoons today I'd swap out or quit for good. From the time those Bloods and Piegans got their deserved thrashing at the hands of Tim Baker's battalion I've known enough to steer clear of it. You \- ? ji. ? ji _j__ ? n ? t a _ xr ? kuuw uiuhu lacis as wuii bb i uu. iou know those Indians had been murdering, robbing, burning, pillaging, for two years. You know how all Montana begged and implored General Sheridan to put a stop to it. There was no catch ing them until winter, and then when he sent those Second cavalry fellows up there with orders to thrash sheol out of them, what was the result? Didn't the papers east and west turn to and damn him and them? Didn't they dub him 'Piegau Phil' from that time forth? No, sir, no cavalry service for me. There's only one thing harder than the knocks I that they have been getting for the last twenty years on the frontier, and that's the knocks they've had to boar at home.' But toward the end of Jauuaiy the old post was beginning to pluck up heart again, and to tho keen delight of Mrs. Berrien and Winifred their particular major was able to drive with them, bundled up in his furs, and lolling back in the cushions of Berengaria's barouche, as ho termed liis wife's comfortable car riage, with that rejoicing matron by his side distributing smiles and sunshine and joyous nods of recognition wherever she went, everybody waving hand or hat or handkerchief as they bowled alomr. and Winifred— bonny Winifred — beam- ing upon her father from the front seat. Very, very sweet Miss Berrien was look ing just now, said all who saw her; yet there was a shade of wistfulness in her face, a constant expression about those deep, dark eyes that seemed to tell they were ever on watch for one who never i came. Shattered as was his saber arm. Curly Brewster had scoffed at the idea of being sent back to Pawnee. 'What's the use?' he said. 'I would be utterly alone there, while here I have all the fellows about me. What better j In the midst of all their trials and an uoyances, in the thick of the whirl of events that followed their sharp and sudden fight, the officers and men of the Twelfth found themselves more closely drawn together even than before. Wry j little was said when outsiders were by as to the depth of feeling aroused in their ranks by the unaccountable crit icism of the press. Very little had to bo said in the official investigation of ihe affair to clear them, one and all, of the array of allegations lodged at their doors. But that every man, from the colonel down, bore away from thr: field of their winter's travail a sense of in jury beyond the scar of savage missile, 1\'\lO COTlltl donlii'.- 'tt-Vin n.rvnirl ^luiiio'i (i did not prevent their having some quiet fun of their own, however. Gray haired Farquhar was whimsical in his svm pathy with Rolfe, whose scalp had been saved by the man of all others he hud most reviled— Sergeant Ellis. Randolph from the recesses of the hospital tent poked no end of gibes at Ridgeway, who had lost his eyeglasses in the morning fight and had been nearly run off with by the Sioux. As for lloif'e's plight, 'he lost all the skin from the side instead of the top of bis head,' laughed U-orham. It was pitiable enough to make the boys forget the austerity of his past, for to his dying day Roii'e would carry the marks of his involuntary 'scrap with a squaw,' as Randolph termed it. 'Rolfe's scars have come to the surface,' chimed in Warren, who never could get along with him. They all hoped that he would go back to Pawnee with the wounded train, and he did. So, too, did Ellis, wearing on the arm in a sling the new chevrons of a first sergeant, won, as said his colonel in presenting them, 'together with the heartiest recommendation for a medal of honor I could write, for braver}' on tho field of battle.' Rolfe turned his bandaged head away wht»u Holden gave him all the story. He knew not what to think, much less what to say. EUis had leaped through ihe swarm of fighting braves and with the butt of his carbine dashed aside the unsexed fiend whose clutching claws were in the captain's hair, and then had fought like a tiger over the prostrate body and saved the life of the man who had maligned him. 'One half second more and you were gone, Rolfe,' said Holdeii gravely. -1 never saia ne wasn't a nne soldier,' answered Bolfe faintty. 'Perhaps I didn't know hini aright.' 'That isn't all there is to it,*Rolfe.' was the doctor's reply. 'He is more than a soldier, He is a gentleman, and 1 know it.' Yet when Rolfe expressed a desire to see Jind speak with EUis later he calmly begged the doctor to excuse hiri^; ;^vs, But just why Brewster would hot 'go home with the wounded the boys could not quite understand. He would be off duty for months. He might not swing saber again for a year. Miss Berrien was there, all readiness, no doubt, to thank him warmly for all he had done to save her and her mother from the blizzard, from the Indians, and heaven Imnnna ttrlia4- nil ? 4-s* Uadh 1,Jm iinH l_;n ?u.vt.m nwuu am — inj uicoa lum tus. uin rescue of papa— to beam upon him with those wondrous dark eyes, thought poor Ridgeway, who felt somehow that, after all, his cake was all dough. And yet Curly wouldn't go. What was more, he had never so much as exchanged one won', with Winifred Berrien from th(» i:i'i;;--»it of the discovery.!! ? ??? ninbu 1 ';??-;. It was 'B throop,' ;. Murphy ?n1. that had the honor -of couveyiag Uit! !:idins on to camp and the bedside of . Iia a*fcairwk*/i mjp.Qv }f. was a blow {to Winifred to learn umi witmu twelve hours after their arri va) the old battalion liad ridden away, Browster with it. 'I know why Curly doc.u'i dare go back,' said one of the sages of the bach elor mess. 'He'6 afraid Kuowlos will come out and insist on lugrfins him off to town to be nursed under r. ??? roof or else of her going out to ? - him. BegadI it may be tough, !; ... ???,i heap safer here.' And so '.is,. . .??us' re mained with sis fellows in um wintry field, and old Berrien, who never could be got to write a letter to anybody round he could stand it no longer, tie bade Berengaria write and Fay— well, something; something really :iiust be said about how they ,j)]irec;aiijd his conduct; 'bygones hi? liygoui-s;' bonie thina». anything; he didn't know: she lid; she always knewjust what to say 'So write, Bess.' 'But I have, Dick.' ''Berengaria! And without my con sent?' 'Richard Plautagenet, Coeur de Lion, rote de Veau, of course— ten days ago. ' 'What did you say?' 'Everything that was proper, 1 trust.' 'What did he sayr' 'Nothing.' 'Didn't he answer?' 'How could he, Dick? You can't with two hands; he has but one, the left at that.' 'He might have got somebody to write for him. 1 did.' 'So did he.' 'Thought you said he didn't say any thing.' 'Well, he didn't. He said everything ciative, and yet — nothing. A model let ter, Dick.' ' What does Winnie say?' | 'Nothing.' 'Didn't she see it?' I 'Why should she, Dick? Two months ago you practically forbade their meet ing-' | 'Oh, 1 know; but — 1 didn't know him j then.' | 'Not even after seven years' service ? with him, Dick?' ; ??Oh, well, tha,t — that party in petti ? coats there in town, 1 didn't know her j as well as— well, us after I heard all ! iiij.mt her from those fellsiws in the j ?3ut 1 knew her, Dick, from the start.' '1 know you did, Bess. You said so. and I suppose I've been an ass,' said Uerrien ruefully. 'You sometimes do cross the danger line, Dick, dear. That is, when 1 let you.' The major had nothing to say in re r-jnvse to this accusation. He pondered I iu Eilance a moment. 'Well, a fellow j cr.ii change his mind, can't he, as well i a:-, a vvoaiau?' j '?Not as well as a woman, Dick. Still ho am change. And .suppose a certain li-llnw were to change his mind now and i ir.!:' *ix mouths' leave and go away to bi' fared?' ? ? ?-?-'hr,: '. Browster change his mind? ahum Wianie, do you mean? Why, con CouskI him! I'd round him up bo quick—. The idea of his g- ling back on Winnie. Why if I thought such a thing possible I'd have him here on his knees at her feet iu.«ide of a week.1' 'Oh, no. you wouldn't. Dick.' said sht. laughing softly. ??Woi-l.lii'iv Why not?' 'Just because two women wouldn't let yon — 1 for one, Winnie tor two.' 'You still think she cares for him?' ?1 won't answer that, Dick. But this,' wirb sudden change fioin her laughing uiaunc-r, 'I will say, no matter what k1kv --.-;--!fl or how she suffered, ueithei ynu uor I, Dick, nor any one of us on t,iis wide earth, would ever wring one word from her lips.' And over at Holdeu's things were going on in an odd groove. It was Eeu you who was a frequent visitor there uow, not Rolfe. Mrs. Holden was still in St. Louis with her olive branches, for ihe doctor had frankly told her that. ju:--t so long as he had all these wounded :j !iis hands the children would be in Ids way. 'lie means me,' said Jennie to .Miss Guthrie, with prompt resentment. 'Bui he says next mouth he'll come on here business will require it as well as pleas ure—pay us a ten days' visit and take us home. Then you'll come, too, won't you, Nita?' But Miss Guthrie shook her head. 'You promised us,' said Mrs. Holden reproachfully; 'and Rolfe won't be there to worry you thiB time.' she faltered. 'He's going to take a long leave and go abroad.' 'But even that,' wrote Jennie to her liege, 'did not seem to comfort her. She pays she will never, probably, visit Paw tieo again; and I know well as can be it 4fj£y0?&couxLt; of Jfcb^Ti^rrible fright, WUatca*i there-have beenibenind it all? Now that the Twelfth is coming home and you have everything running 6inoothly, don't you think it possible to find out something about that strange affair? You have never written a word and I can see Nita's eyes questioning me every time she knows 1 have a lei tpv. The other day 1 was in her room up i looking over some old albums that I tiivw i'vom the bottom of adesk lv.amn across a picture of hers just like the one that is iu the little silver frame on the toilet table in her room at Pawnee, ex cept that this was blurred and worn. 'Why, Nital' I cried unthinkingly, ae ehe entered, 'I thought you told me mine was the only oue left of this kind, am* uure'B one that looks as if it might bay - boi^a- worn next some fellow's heart aiid been kissed a million'— and then1 1 stopped short and dropped it, for sue had 'curneawmreasaeatuauu »va»bLiBMjuius outherhands. 'Where did you bud tuav? she whispered at last. 'Between tue leaves of this old album,' 1 said. 'It was [lying there loosely.' '1 had not seen 1 1 for six yearn. I thought 1 had burfluU it with' ? .i^,..; ......... -. ?..-. , ?' ??-',-? .n!-- iiv! iihuddored, but seised it and took it away. If she would only talk to me of Jock; but she will not, even though I know that ever since the suicide of Mr. Percival last August Mr. Guthrie has been working day and night reopening the old matter. All the friends of the Gutiiries are now more than ever confi dent that Jack was absolutely innocent —that Mr. Percival as president of the bank had made away with those missing funds and securities and charged it to Jack and to his friend Harold Worden. An effort has been made to get at Mr. Percival's papers, all of them, but his wii^iMit i l.' [??(?ill t-ri 1 »i*r»lr/at- tliur elm /njiiiirtt. bo si'vu by any one, nay her physicians. It is beliovfld fhe knows something' of the inner history of the whole case, and that she is striving to hide what she knows for her children's sake. Of coiure people s;iy she has behaved very ill — ;;;.it she ought to sell and restore to the bank real estate and property that from time to time Mr. Percival had set tled upon her. But she only goes into hysterics when lawyers are mentioned. 'Mr. Guthrie is now in a highly nerv ous and excitable state, which natural ly reacts upon Nita. I wish we could get her away from here. He went west, you remember, when he left her with us at Pawnee. He went in the hopes of findirn; s.OiiK1 tvai'-j of ilr. Wordeu, so 1 k:'.n; i;u\v, j-nd to urge the immediate re! urn to St. Louis of Jack's old and in- ' iii..;'.iu iV.tiiu to i.t-juiiud justice at the hands of the Peroivals, for he was ruined irretrievably by Percival's accu sation when dismissed from the bank, j But he has vanished utterly, and I know , Ur.it they havs about given him up for dead. A detective a««'ucv has been at ! work for i;,'mr'is, and twice ol late men have come to the house asking if it were noi- posriiblo to find somewhere a picture of Mr. WonTi'u; but Nita tsays none ex ist that she knows of. I believe that she burned all that she had. 'Why will r?ho not mist me and tell me about it — she who used to have no secret from me? We know that he was deeply in love with her and that she was believed to care for him, but there was a fearful scene between hini aud Mr. Guthrie over poor Jack's body. The old gentleman was wild with grief, and in his misery he upbraided Worden as the cause of it all — accused him of be ing the thief and cursed him for con cealing the crime at the expense of Jack's life aud honor. Possibly he did believe it then, but giuce Percival's death everytliing is clianged. I believe he would give all he owns to make ;tme;nl* to Wordeu now, and sometimes I tlii: 'c thi'.t that is what is killing Niiii.,'' ' ? ?. , That is what is killing Nita .' ' read HokU-n ;tsain, this time half aloud, as hr. jx-ii-Ji;e(] over the word. Then a Rouu-A --it tliv coor attracted him. He j glanced up quickly. I 'Oh, come in, sergeant. I did not hear you knock.'' 'I beg your pardon, sir,' was the an swer, in Ellis' deep voice, a faint flush rising to nis pale, black bearded face. 'I knocked twice at the outer door, and then, knowing the doctor to be here, ventured into the hall. Am I too early sir?' 'You are just in time. Come in. Shut that door and sit down. How's the ana to day, Ellis?' Obediently the tall trooper had stepped within and closed the door, but he still remained erect, a shade of hesitation in his manner. 'The ami seems doing well, sir.' 'And yet you yourself do not pick up as I could wish. Take that chair, Ellis; we shall not be interrupted, and I want to talk with you about your case. You have won honor and troops of friends in this campaign, and when the regiment gets back and they find you pale and languid, so utterly unlike yourself and unfit to take your duties as first sergeant, they will say I was at fault. Can't stand that, you know, so I have spoken to Major Kenyon about the matter, and he has directed that you moVe out of the hospital forthwith and under my roof. Noj keep your Heat. You are to report to me for special duty in making up the field papers and reports, and I Bhall need you right here where I can supervise it all and look after you.' For a moment the two men sat gazing straight into each other's eyes. Then again, trembling slightly, EUis strove to rise, 'Dr. Holden, I— I ought not to take advantage of this. Indeed I cannot. ' 'Tnat will do, sir,' was the quietly smiling reply. 'Orders are orders, ser geant, and being, a patient .you are doubly under mine. -What's more, you can ask no question until that chevron is replaced by the shoulder strap. Ellis, under what name shall the officers of the Twelfth ask that yon be made one of their mimbar?' jaamng no reply, the sergeant bowed his head and oovered bis face with his hands. Late ttiftt evening old Kenyon, drop ping in to see the doctor, found the tall cavalryman seated at a desk in Holden'e library, and, as he promptly arose and stood erect in acknowledgment of the presence of the post commander, the major strode utraight up to him and held oat his hand: 'Sergeant, I am as proud and pleased as your own father could be. When a whole regiment recommends a man for a commission, as this day's mail tells us, It's worth more than all the senatorial backing, Columbia. It nmv£Q.t fetch - :t. dot ra ranier nave ic. avow, au.n ' you any friends to aid you?' 'None in the world, sir.' 'No relatives? No kin? Not even a congressman?' . 'Not even a congressman. A sister, perhaps; but that is all.' 'Well, well, well! Never mind, though, my lad; we'll see you through. What you must do is get strong an$ well. You're but the ghost of yourself, and tiie doctor and I have moved you over We as a matter we owe the regi ment. I thought you were told to go to bed an hour ago. Which is your room?' 'The doctor has given mo the run of the top floor, sir, but mine its the front room on this Eido,' answered Ellis grayely. 'Well, it's time for you to turn in, so 1 order it, .Let me see. This ia tho twenty-fifth of January. A month from uow, or two at most, I hope to see you with a strap on your ehonldur, and long before that with the flush of health hi your cheek. Now good night to you and pleasant dreams.' And the major strode away. Only an hour after sunset the silver disk of the moon had risen cloudless and unveiled, and now, as the bugle was calling the belated ones back to the post for night inspection of quarters, the bur nished shield was high aloft, flooding the broad valley with its radiant sheen, throwing black shadows upon the broad roadway, the white picket fence, th» glistening verandas at the post. Hol den, returning from a Lite visit to some of his patients at the hospital, stopped and looked quickly and intently up at the little gallery overhanging the east ward wall. In the front room, that which he had assigned to Ellis, a light burned dimly. Tho Venetian window of the rear room leading to the gallery was dark, yet open, and on the little ledge, leaning against the casement, the moonlight gleaming on bis face and form, a tall soldier was gazing intently eastward. Quietly Holden strode along, entered the gate, went noiselessly into the hall j room to the landing stood wide open. ; At. this juncture a person standing out i side would have seen the silent occupant j of 'Bobbers' Boost' turn with sudden j start and peer into the room, for Holden, I his eyes fixed upon the gleaming, glis ' tening space between the two rear win dows and just over the toilet table, had purposely dropped his heavy stick with resounding clatter upon the landing floor. 'I thought so,' he muttered in serene satisfaction. Then picking up his stick he calmly strolled across the threshold and into the dark room. 'Beautiful view of a moonlight night, ? Ellis. That was Miss Guthrie'e favorite perch when she was here.' CHAPTER XV. - Mta, witJi outstretctied arms, throws her self forward to meet him. A. great city is draped in mourning. | On every side, at half staff, the national I flag hangs limp and lifeless in the moist and misty air, as though of its own voli toin drooping in honor of the soldier dead. Under the sodden skies, through thronged yet silent streets, in long, long column chosen detachments of soldiery are leading to its final resting place the | shrouded clay of him who to such glori , ous purpose had led the Union blue in every field from the Mississippi to the sea, and who through long years of hon ored service ranked foremost on the ? rolls of the army — foremost perhaps in the great heart of the people, For days, ag though in sympathy witb. the widespread grief, the heavens have poured theil- ° floods upon the brown and leafless slopes, All nature seems plunged in wintry gloom. The black 6inoke from a host of stacks and chimneys has settled'Sown upon the silent city, covering it like a pall. From north ana south, from east and west, battalions and batteries, na tional a»3w.Btate, haw jbeen-^ii»atifcfcfe« ing fo ilStf parliB the [i^qnW0wfM illustrious chief, and dripping, yet flis- % ciplfoied, without the stir of inarflal^1' music, the men have marched from thi ; ' trains to ihe rendezvous assigned them about the town, *?- . Z s. . TO BE OOMTIKHBD. -? ? 