WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mbs. H. E. Jenklngs lives at No. 211, Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with. her. The house is an old one, but in good order> One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to tbe theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlor. At about half past eleven they returned and entered the house laughing , and talking. But as tlier went into the parlor the merry humor died out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of liis face was con cealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming throngh the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were, rolled up, and in'one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from tbe room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and windowssecuvely locked. What was it the women saw ? •" During a recent period of ill-health," writes an American friend, " I bad slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about two .o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed Wee the calling of my name 5 and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as sbe looked five years before, as she was Searing home to go on a journey, on. which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a - summons and 1 would never get weil. Yet I did and am in perfect health now. 1 believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, aDd it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play ofE on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott ..road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows / mas so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet 1 did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This wsb in June, 1889. I slept very badly and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, snd I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food and could not retain even that on | my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I ) thought I should lose my senses, and my friends sgreed that I wonld never get better. " I had given np all hope when one day Mrs. West,, of Bournemouth, called and asked what 1 was taking. She told me sbe was herself once just as badly off and waB cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup.! As sbe 6ecmed to have so much faith in this j medicine I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well OB ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief; and shock at the violent death of ber husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion and thnB fed and toned the nerveB. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost it remains true that moBt uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a Bet of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. G-hoBts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 15-22-29 