ANGLO-COLONIAL GOSSIP. [From out own Correspondent.] Jjondon, July 21. ] Mr. Burgoyne, "the Australian wise merchant," has arrived here in a scolding spirit about South Australian trine matters. Hi# fury is especially directed against the South Australian Register, who "employed" Mr. Symon, so avers Mr. Burgoyne, to write him down while there. Mr. Burgoyne has never been distinguished for taot or control of MB tamper, and certainly neither appear to have bean much benefited by his trip to Aus tralia. He is candour itaelf about the poor opinion he holdsrespeoting South Australians generally, and as an instance of the vindictive spirit he is showing he actually took the trouble toehow me an artiole which he had out out of the Melbourne Argui, and whose sole ; merits or otherwise were that it attempted to belittle Adelaide. All this is very small, and even if Mr.Bni£oyae has been subjected to severe oritioism in Australia he ought to re member that he owes his whole prosperity in life to the backing wfaioh he got from South Australians.. Mr. Martin, of Messrs. D. & W. Murray, informs me that he is receiving large orders for Australian wine from Manchester and Birmingham. _ Mr. Lanyon, eon of the London representa tive of Mesus. Harris, Scarfe, & Co,, has written home saying that of all the oolonies he has visited he gives the preference to South Australia. Mr. W. R. Wilson, the late Chairman of the Broken Hill Mine, is etill very ill, and a nurse is in oonstant attendance upon him. The rheumatism from whioh he has been suffering has settled in the throat. Mr. Samuel Jones, better known on the stage as " Hugh Dempeey," at one time a pro fessional music hall visitor to Australia, has just obtained £250 damages from another theatrical gentleman and a divorce from his wife, known to the publio as " Lillie Laurel,1' who appears also to have been in Australia. In oross-examination the petitioner denied that he was oruel to his wife, though, at Melbourne, he admitted that he took her theatrical olothes away from her, as they had a dispute about a theatrical engagement. He also said that although she had £5 a week she had to pawn her diamonds, as she was an extravagant woman. Loud laughter hailed the elicitation of the fact that the petitioner had known her to have seven hats in three weeks. They were not theatrioal hats, but ordinary ones. Mr. Kent, of Messrs. Good, Toms, & Co., has recently written a letter to the London daily papers urging the British farmer, as the oereal orops are so bad, that he should out them, and sell them for hay, as undoubtedly this would be a more profitable transaction than letting things go on in their usual course. Mr. Henry Dutton is at present touring in England seeing the sights. He has put his son to Lancing Ooll6ge, as he could not get him into Eton or Harrow, he beingover the agt for admission. Lord Chief Justice Coleridge is engaged on a memoir of his brother, the late Father Henry James Coleridge. During the Tiohborne trial the Lord Chief Justice, who waethen Solicitor General, led for the defence, and the Claimant being pressed bard thus replied to a question: -"Yon appear to be very innocent just now. Considering that your brother is a-Jesuit you must know." To whioh the Solicitor-General replied:-" I can answer for my sins; >do not know that I am bound to submit to this kind of thing. I have the highest love, regard, and veneration for my brother." London, J uly 28. A writer in Vanity .Fair says:-" I am cold that at Lady Tiyon's party, given on the even ing of the fatal collision between the Victoria and the Camperdown, a well-known lady saw the figure of Sir George Tryon on the stairs, and watched it pass down into the refresh ment-room. Lady was surprised, and, ooming across a friend told her what she had seen, adding,' I must go and tell Lady Tryon what a pleasant surprise she has given us all; and I mutt find Sir George to speak to him.' Upon this the second lady, who is also well known in society, said,' Do not say anything to Lady Tryon. I saw Sir George, too: and I spoke to her, and she seemed annoyed. She says that Sir George is not here. He is with his ship.' We are bound to say this has rather a familiar look. We know that ghost on the stairs." The number of British emigrants who went to the United States and Australia during June amounted to 14,221 and 776, as against 15,066 and 986 during the previous June, while the number who went to Canada is returned at 3,201, and compares with 2,604 so returned last year. A sad fatality ocourred at South ampton one day this week. John MoCple, a prosperous New Zealand farmer, had solid bis holding at the Antipodes and was proceeding to the United States, where he intended finishing his days with his only sister. A short time, however, before his going on board the American liner Berlin he was found in an exhausted state at his hotel, and died from syncope within a few houm. Mr. John Russell Rogers, the Theatrical Manager, has filed a divoros petition against his wife, known as " Minnie Palmer," of *' My Sweetheart" fame. The co-respondent), who is a wealthy Baronet and will not again see fifty, will have to pay £10,000 damages if Mr. Sogers gets all he olaims. The alleged mieoonduot is stated to have ooourred at Hull at a house in Pall Mall-place, and at an hotel at Nottingham. Mr. Guy Boothby writes that he is down at Salisbury still, with his Secretary, up to hiB eyes in workonhisbook, which, iffinianed, will see the light early in the autumn publishing season. He is not at liberty, he says, to reveal the name of the work. Air. Boothby Bays he has made arrangements to speak before the British Association at Nottingham during their annual conference on September 14, and before the Anthropological Society a day or two later, also before the Geographical Society at the commencement, of their next session. Mr. Boothby "further 'writes that his new farcical comedy has jusfcbeen aooepted by one of' the biggest Mutagen in London, who pro poses to bring it oat in September. The English people, he further says, have really been most kind, and, thanks to the enterprise of ilia agents, be has disposed of all Ilia literary . wares. Miiw, have purchased too abode* from h» pen, a* also has Sir Douglas Straight, of the PaU Malt Magazine, while the American publishers are beginning to nibble. Hairy Irving, Mr. Boothby con cludes, has written him a channisgiettei^ and he has had eo many letters from "sny friend" Rudyard Kipling that Mr. Bcothby is think ing of running aoross to see hT at the end of the year. Bishop Kennion and Mrs. JTonnira are still visiting friends andrelativea. The Bishopeays he is in no hurry to maksaaeleotigniorSt. Peter's College. Sir John Bray and family go tor their summer holiday to-North Wales. Sir Edwin and Lady Smith are touring through Rhinebmd. When last heard of they were at Bonn, in good health, and intended doing the tour thoroughly. Mr. R. S. Smythe, the much-travelled, is now staying with the Rev. Charles Clark in his Devonshire home. Mr. Smythe is trying hard to get a big gun. He has .asked John Burns, the Ro*r. Stopford Brook, aad others, ; but he haa not received a definite promise from any one yet. If Mrs. Besant, on. theoBophy bent, is going to Australia After her visit to Chicago it will be 'a good thing for both parties. The boxing kangaroo has had a fait of an adventure, and in consequence o£ it is eating off his head at the goods department of the Railway Company. It appears that the kangaroo has been on a tour through the Frenoh provinces, where he eo knboked his human antagonist about that that gentleman retired disgusted. He therefore went off for a holiday to the seaside, where he might reoruit, having first of all paoked up the kangaroo in a cage addressed to himself at Paris. The Railway Company, however, re fused . to deliver the kangaroo without the personal signature, of the pwner, and there fore he has to be kept until his return. Mr. Miohael Davitt is likely to embark for Australia before long, as the chief figure in a tour on behalf of the Nationalist-cause. .London, August 4. Sir John Bray was one of the visitors to the Colonial College and Training Farm itt Hollesley Bay upon the occasion of the annual speech-day. Lord OnBlow preside'1, and gave a word of warning upon the subjeot of the kind of men required in Australia. Clerks, he said, would find no opening there, and labourers who could only handle the spade would find the market overstocked. But every oolony would welcome men of some practical experience, with a little oapital to in . vest in land. The days for making laige for tunes in the colonies were gone "by, but there was an unexhausted and inexhaustible field for those whose wants were few and simple. Other speakers followed up. this homily with similar advice. The youngest daughter of the late Judge Wearing, of Adelaide, was married on August 1 to Air. Frank T. Cooper, of Edinburgh. The officiating clergyman was the Yen. Aroh-. deacon Farrar, and among those present wore a large number of old South Australian friends of Mrs. Wearing, who is now living at Sur biton. Me. David Wilson, who has been visiting ' this countiy on behalf of Victoria as a " Dairy Commissioner," has lately given me his opinion about the future of the colonial fruit trade. He thinks that at present the production is fully equal to the demand, and that if a really big trade is to spring up Australian fruits most be pat upon the market at a prioe at whioh the masses will buy. ITe considers that appleB will be the only fruit which can be got here at a suitable price. Altogether Mr. Wilson does not seem to thick that there is much in the future of the fruit trade. Mr. Wilson disapproves of the proposal of the South Australian Government to introduce a Bill for the establishment of a wine depot in London for the sale of wines. He says that he does not think suab a depot is necessary. He thinke that it is much more necessary that the wine industry should be first put upon a proper footing in the .colonies, and his views are very much those expressed by Mr. Bur poyne. Mr. Wilson argued that the first thing is to get wines made and stored in such quan tities that repeat ciders can be at any time executed, and advocated the establishment of a Company whioh should reoeive the "must" from the growers, and this should be properly manipulated and stored in cellars. In con junction with this arrangement there should be depots in each of the oolcnies for the sale of the wine. Mr. Wilson goeB by the B&l; laarat with a large atook of information about English dairy work, dried rabbits, and the frozen meat trade, gathered in various centres of Great Britain. Cardinal Moran, who has been very ill, is now touring in Ireland for the benefit of his health. One of Sir George Tryon's family sends the Timet the following statement as to his last moments;-"The last words of Vioe-Admiral Sir George Tryon were these. Seeing a mid shipman on the fore-and-aft bridge near the standard compass, abaft the funnel, he said to him-'Don't stop there, youngster, go to a boat.' Immediately aftet the ship gave a heavy lurch. The Admiral and the Staff Commander were together asd alone on the top of the fore oharthouse as she capsized. They were both precipitated into and disap peared under the water together, and the Admiral was never seen again. The Admiral's ooxswaiirwas at that time barring in the ports of his after-cabin, and, feeling the ship going, he jumped overboard from the stern-walk, taking with him a lifebuoy which was secured there. A despatch-box was on the table in bis cabin, and the glass was hanging on the hooks in the after-oabin which was given him by his unole, the late Admiral Robert Tryon, whioh were picked up among the floating debris." The Australian cricketers may have had their reverses while over here, but neverthe less they have done the biggest thing on record after all in knocking together 843 runs against the Past and Present of Oxford and Cambridge. The contention has been stated 'that the soore was not made against a first class tea,m; but undoubtedly a team whioh can make 191 in the first innings -against the Aus tralians and lost only 1 wioket for 82 m the second innings is not altogether aeoond rate. Certainly it was not the strongest team whioh the " Past and Present" could have got to gether. 