R.C. Church at Maclean. Opening Ceremony by the Bishop of Grafton Eloquent Address by Father Marcellus. The new R.C.Church at Maclean was opened by the Right Rev. J. J. Doyle on Sun day last in the presence of about 1200 pe sons. The Woolwich ran down from Gra ton. Young Dick from Ulmarra and Casie from Brushgrove, while the Dunskey cara from the Heads, each conveying coniplemenl of passengers. Numbers arrived by bugg; horse and boat, and every road leading t Maclean was traversed by people eager t witness the interesting ceremony. Fe nearly an hour before the time Axed for tb proceedings to commence the people bega to congregate around the edifice, till by th hour of opening there must have been full twelve hundred present. Amongst these wu a fair sprinkling of members of other denom nations. The Church with its ornato towe embellished with lings, looked still more cot spicuous from its attractive site on one c the prominent spurs that jut oufc from th heights afc the rear of the town. Proccec ings commenced by the Bishop performin the consecration service in the usual mat! ner, immediately after entering the building followed by the congregation. The sittinj room was occupied by the ladies, the othe sex standing tn the aisles, while a large mini ber were reluctantly obliged to remain witb out, unable, to obtain admission. A portioi of the gallery was screened oil from th space allotted the choir, and this accommc dated a nuntlier of people. Thc Bishop con eluded the consecration service, in which hi was assisted by Fathers Marcellus, Ilde phonsus and Dalton. Tho church was dedl cated by the name of "St. Mary" in the usua impressive manner. High Mass was thei solomnised, after which Father Marcellm (of the Passionist Fathers, Sydney) preachei an eloquent discourse from a portion o the SUtli chapter of Isaiah. He specially re .erred to the language of the inspirée prophet, who foretold of the coming of our blessed Lord and Master, who, in th« fulness of time, assumed the human as wei as the divine, and came and dwelt npor earth. The mission of our Divine Lnrd wai nob bo he partial or local, bub was to extern from the centre to the uttermost confines o: the earth. The Word was bo be a light shin ingto the Gentiles, to bring all people fron the farthest extremities into the church ol God. It was foretold that the message ol peace should reach those that were in dark' ness, and those that were in bonds,.and otu Divine Master fulfilled thia prophecy 'while upon earth. Wo know full well that befort Ile was veiled from the people on the Mount of Ascension He established a body, a society, human and divine; human inasmuch as it consists of an organised body of human beings ; divine inasmuch as Christ < will inhabit and dwell in the handiwork of His own creation in the same way that the soul dwells ic the body. His church was to he visible to all, like a city set upon a hill, so that every one may see it. The Apostles were enjoined to go through the world and preach the dogmas of their Divine Master, and teach the precepts that fell from his sacred lips. Fearing neither Roman governor or any other opposition, they were to go through the world conquer- ing and to conquer, holding the faith ot their Divine Master. He did not pretend to HRsume for a moment that thc Catholic Church had nob her sorrows; bhese she had ; nor did ho pretend to deny that her children had watered the streets of Rome with their blood, rather than deny thc name of their Divine Master. This was the record of the Church. But they claimed that she had the keys of eternal life, that she alone, can solve the problem of tho great hereafter. Ho could understand how the hearts of their people on the Clarence could bound with joy and gladness that day, because it was a sign of vitality of the Catholic Church that thev were then assembled in that beautiful build- ing, of which hu could nob. but express his admiration: not merely from an arehitec bnral poinb of view. There must be joy and gladness produced in that, in their small way, they had forwarded the interests or tt eternal Church of God hy building sucha edifice to worship in. The very fact of sue a large gathering assembling on an occusic like that wits sullicicnt to inspire the 1)ea: of every Catholic in the district with joy an j gladness, beciutsc they were doing honour t their Divine. Lord and Master. The repn sentative of the Lord Jesus in this dioccs had that day dedicated that building i their own humble way to the service of Gnc and if all her members would strive with true spirit, those outside the pale of th Church might be brought under the indi enceof its encircling and kindly light. Th Church, was holding in her lap some of th brightest in the world, and such me as Äwraaii, Manning and others wer being received into her fold. Thor were some who professed to be cnn less about the Church of God, nssertiiij that it was an observance of old supersti Mons, and that they wanted a church suitabl to (he age in which they lived. It is tru that the dogmas of the Church of God ar unchangeable, as Ho Himself is unchangc able. At the same time, they were change able in this sense : that the Church coull accommodate herself to the country am people amongst whom she was labouring They claimed that the Catholic Church wa the author and source of every intellectual spiritual and social-good that was containet in the world, for this reason, that the spiri of truth was the spirit of the Catholic Ohtircl because she loves our Lord-she loves oui faith. The Church of Christ did not receivi her faith from any uncertain source ; then was no intervention when tho law was deliv ered amidst lightnings and thunders fron Mount Sinai ; and she received the spirit oi truth from the eternal Son of God Himself This spirit of truth streamed into her verj bosom, and she became custodian of thal truth. She received it from Him who spakt ns never man spake, «nd from whom flowed the ointment af tender mercy, that healed the sick and raised the dead to life. Thc Church received from Him that which neithci age nor Onie can efface. Christ came inte this world imbued with the power of the eternal Father. But to realise the great act ol redemption we must go back millions arid millions of years, before this earth was created, when it was evolved from darkness, and eventually God contemplated the crea- tion of man. His advent on. the earth was soon marred hy the effects of sin, though he was one of the most noble works of the Creator. When man became an outcast, owing to the alximination of sin, it was mani- fest that someone must make atoneinont for him; but there was nothing in this world defiled by evil that could satisfy the justice of Gad. Christ offered Himself as the atone- ment, and those that are alienated from God by sin, may, as the exile longing for his return, be freed, from the curso of the broken law, if they plead for forgiveness. Ourhearts are naturally yearning for to love something, and there is sadness if wo find no object for our affections. Christ died for us all, and did this not tell them plainly that they were not redeemed with corruptible things as silver and gold, but by the Lamb of God, unspotted and undefiled. The Almighty sent his Son into the world in the fulness of time to re- deem them that were under the law. They could read in His wounds how He died to save a lost world. But with this redemption; church established a church in the world pur- chased by his own blood, to bo for a witness for Him. He gave His Apostles permission to go forth and teach all nations, baptising in the name of the Father and of the Son ana of tho Holy Ghost ; and behold, I am with voit oven to the consummation of the ages. The Christgnrnered up and treasured every accent that fell from his lips. She taught them from their childhood how they were made heirs of God and joint-heirs with Christ, and have not again received the spirit of bondage to fear. Tn the sacrament of penance they were shown the mighty channel of Divine love, for though they_ may have offended against God seventy times seven they may still be recipients of his pardon. Again, in confirmation his love is shown' forth by his blood shed in Gethsemane's garden. Theso things and many others the Catholic Church received, not from a doubtful source, not from human science, but from the divine and eternal Son of God himself. Tho spirit of j troth was the spirit of the Catholic Church, because she has' this- befé'-'thing; there is neitherin that church uncertainty, indecision or doubt. Just as the i church triumphed over the unbelieving Jews, Greek philosophy, and agnosticism, in like manner will she pre- vail over men who rebel against God. There were 'men who rejected the God that made them, Jesus .Christ that redeemed them, refused to have a church as a body that is unnecessary, fly in. the face of mercy, love and truth. But as tho boomerang recoils frequently upon the thrower, so will the acts of these men turn upon them to their own destrnction.. Some of these men deny their own immortality, and assert that it ts non- sense to speak of their souls as immortal, that there is no God, no Redeemer, or religion. There were some Catholic young men who took peculiar views, and boasted of the so-called liberty they enjoyed. They should, however, take care that they did not, like Esau, sell their birthright, or that it did not prove, like the liberty of Saul of Tarsus when he assisted to stone the Hrst martyr. These high sounding phrases did very well, hut he would ask them "What have they done ? For hy their fruits ye shall know them," What advancement had they made in the direction that was most desirable, and instead of bringing them nearer to God, had they not carried them farther away, until eventually they denied God altogether ? For the past 1000 years the Church of Christ has been upon the earth,' and during that period has opposed corrupt maxims, preached the doctrine of the blessed Gospel, sent forth missionaries to evangelise the world, and bring everyone into the fold. In every age she . has met and overcome heresies and agnosticism ? She still meets and explains her position with her foes. In thc blue sky of Australia: they must have an unblemished church, though many may rage against her. Let them prove worthy child- ren of such a church by living up to her maxims, and also prove worthy children of the Church of Christ. There may be some I present who were not belonging to the church, and to these, he was not addressing his remarks. He again congratulated them upon the handsome building they had reared to the honor of God. It was their homo and house, though nt the same time the home and house of God. It was God's custom to manifest Himself in various ways, from Mount Zion, in the temple of Solomon ; hut they were assured of obtaining a blessing in the house of God. In a material sense it was their house, for they had made sacrifices to raise these walls. As one tra- velling on the continent would, point to the birthplaces of some illustrious men. so would their children in future years bu able to point to this building, and refer to it as the place they were born into the. eternal kingdom of God. It must he a source of gratification to them to see such a handsome church, pro- bably ono of the handsomest in tho diocese. May God grant that it may long remain. The BISHOP said that after the eloquent address they , had. listened to, he. did ..no) intend to say much. He, however, desired to express the feeling of very great pleasure that he experienced in standing upon that platform to congratulate the people of thal town and district on the splendid edifice tr which they' were assembled, and to thank the people for assembling in such large num- bers. The Catholic Church was possessed of a spirit of unity and allvely faith. Wher ever there was a church erected it was n monument of the HvingGod ¡ every Catholic rejoiced at the erection of a new church, and every Catholic is'pleased to contribute to tho Church of God, because it is promot- ing his work, and carrying out that spirit ol unity that was'represented in this district, They all united with the people of Maclear in their great festival ; anti a few weeks ago, in contemplating the celebration of these ceremonies, he conslelered it would be fitting to invite the eood Passionlst Fathers tc commence a mission at Maclean. Father Marcellus had kindly responded, and thc mission, which would open that evening, would extend over a fortnight. It was onl> those that attended these services that coule tell of the groat grace and blessing received, and he urged them to, attend. He congratn luted them upon their magnificent church, of which any, congregation, or town in thc country might feel justly proud, lt was thc finest church in tho diocese ; and lie might go a little further .and say that, in his opinion, it was the most beautiful edifice of its kind In the North Coast districts. Itt erection cost a considerable sum : the people locally had done a great deal. No building or church had been erected without atten- dant difficulties, and this church had tte difficulties. The people, however, struggled well and faithfully, and might well feel proud of their effort. From a statement, it would appear that about £1000 had been subscribed from all sources towards the expenditure. Two stained glass windows had been placed in the chancel at a cost of £42, and he hoped others would follow this example until all tho windows . in the edifice were stained. There remained a balance due tho bank of £2100, and ho trusted this would be speedily liquidated. He noticed that some had gener- ously contributed sums . of £50, £25, and smaller amounts ; but there wero some who had not yet gi ven. Hehopedthey would do so. and that he would soon nave the pleasure of announcing that the building was free from debt. Thc church was, in a sense, free from encumbrance; for members of committee hnd become guarantors to the bank; bub it was the duty of the congregation to assist them in getting rid of this liability. ' ? . Lists wero then opened, and with tho even- ing's collections the sum raised reached about £200, including a chéqüe of £25 from the Bishop. ? A number of those who pre- viously subscribed largely, supplemented their amounts by further liberal subscriptions. The stained windows in the chancel cost £42, donated by 18 ladies and gentlemen, and the bell was tho gift of Mr. J. Walsh. The choir was under the conductorshlp of Mr. Savage, Miss Tysoe organist, and rend- ered the " KyrieElefson" from Farmer's Mass in Bftat, Winter's ^'Gloria/' DiedoSunctus and Agnus Dei. The solo parts in the Mass were taken by Mrs. Burke,1 Mrs. Dowling, Messrs. Savage and Mr. H. Phillips of Grafton. Mrs. J. T. Bush and Miss Kearney, of Grafton, also assisted. The offertory " O' Salutaris" was sung by Mrs. Burke. Proceedings terminated about 2 p.m., and an hour later the steamers were underway, the Woolwich reaching Grafton at 0 o'clock. The Passionist Fathers commenced a mission in the evening, and the retreat will be carried on each day (morning and evening), for a fortnight. The new church was again crowded, fully 500 persons being present. Father Marcellus, in the course of an Impres- sive address, pointed out the duty of tbe par ishionerswas to attend as many of the services ns possible. In speaking to his text-" Tho night is far spent, and the day is at hand" he denounced the pleasure-seeking tendencies of the Australasian people, and said that the vast majority of themAvero openly.and con- tinually defying the Divine commands. Thousands of men'and. women, whose lives were an open rebellion to all that was Godly, pursued the national evils, heedless of the warnings of Christ's disciples, and if it was not for His infinite nier'cy.the Great Ruler of tho Universe would destroy the earth in the twinkling of an eye. Tho commercial world was bent upon forming syndicates and bogus companies, to rob their- fellow: creatures, while tho various forms of national sin were an insult to our.. Christianity. It was time the people"turned to* Aliuighfcy'God to ask for parctoh for their 'slns.: He condemned bhab form of religion which was external, and only consisted in mere'forms. More was needed by God from people. than the mere attendance at Church, when not the result of any Internal: impulse, but'a pure matter of form. God hud threatened iu HIB promises to discard such lukewarm service. lt was high time this nation aroused from its dangerous sleep, and gave up the false plensures of sin. What pleasure could there be in trampling tho commands of God under our feet ? There was none-nothing but re- morse, which was a foretaste of the pangs of external punishment.-. He concluded by earnestly exhorting' them to make their peace with God. . The service was concluded by Bishop Doyle pronouncing the Benedic- tion. Tho choir again rendered some very good music, the solos especially being very nicely given.,, ' ? ' The Bishop arrived ' In ' Grafton yesterday, but leaves for the Richmond at the middle of the week, in order to officiate at Coraki on Sunday. He returns to the Clarence next week, 'rind'will 'be nt' Maclean nt the closing' of the mission on 20th instant. ..... The church is a neatly finished structure, on designs drawn by Mr. F. W. C. Schaeffer, of Grafton, and is erected on a site granted by the Government. It is capable of accom- modating from 500 to 600, the nave 62 x 30ft,' sanctuary 25 x 18ft, 26ft from floor to ceil- ing. The tower at the western end is 60 feet high, 12ft. square in the clear, and three stories high. From the top of the tower a fine view of the town and scenery around is obtained. A 14ft. gallery extends right across the building. The walls are of stone throughout, that material being obtainable on the site. All openings in the the wall are in moulded cut stone ; the roof is of slate and trussed. The floor is concrete and cement, and the windows are stained glass lead lights. Two aisles run between three rows of pews, and the edifice is attractive internally as well as externally. The committee who commenced to carry out the building were Father Cassidy, Messrs. W. O'Connor, P. Conlon, W. Peoples, J. Gallagher, M. Hinchey, M. McDonnell, D. Bvron, W. Bloomer, G. Bell. J. Walsh. The latter was contractor, and, as will be seen from the figures above quoted, the entire outlay has been close upon £3500. This is consider- ably beyond contract price, but amendments were made as the work proceeded, which were a material improvement on what was originally intended. 