A DEAD WITNESS. BY ALICE afAUD MEADOWS. ?rahor of rThe Romance of a Mad- house.' The Sin, of the World,' ' A woman with a Cecret,; S. CHAPTER V.- (CoslnsuDn.) One of the footmen came in with the letter bag as he spoke. He was quite a young fellow, usually with a bright, rosy face; to day it was ashy white. Sir Jasper took the bag without looking at him, 3Mrs. Elliott's eyes were sharper. Good Heavens I she said. What is the matter with the boy I Are you ill, James t No-yes. he stammered. Yes; I don't feel very well. \- You look awful, Mrs Elliot said. You hd better go to bed, I should think. Look at him, Jasper. Jasper looked up at him-somehow the expression of the boy's face setmed familiar to him I he wondered where he had seen that horrified look before, then remembered it was in his own face, as he had seen it reflected in the glhss, when he stood up after having shaved the corpse. What is the matter I he said sharply. Nothing, Sir Jasper, the boy said; I doLt feel well, that is al-i-T don't feel welL .Well, go to bad, Jasper said, and rose abruptly from his chair. . There is something in the air, Mrs. Elliott said. Merry looks halt-dead, so -doetJasper, so does James, and I am not unrprised after that awful smell last night. Beverley's boxes soon arrived. Only Jasper looked through them, and after he had done so agreet regret-filled his heart, not so much because of the cruelty of his crime, but because he found that it had been unnrcessary. The brother who had came home to him hadcome home rich-rich indeed. PFpers of his referring to property in Australia showed that he was some thing little short of a millionaire, and half of it with brotherly generosity he would have given to Jasper. The I whole would be his now, but half would have bet-n enough-half would have I satisfied Mrs. Ford; and so generous a 1 brother, had he known of his love, I would never have become his rival; he regretted his crime because it had been I •u.neceasary, and he had a terror of being found out. It is so that most c people regret sin. Beverley's body had not been found. I That in itself was a terrible thing forI Jasper; he had thought that the nextr morning someone vould besureto have I seen it, that the inquest would have I been held, and that the unknown priest I would have been buried in a nameless U grare, that the danger would all have been over, but the snow that had been fallingalowly on the night of the mur. 3 dier had fallen more quickly towards a morning-had continued to fall nearly for forty- eight hours; then a sharp t frost had set in, had continued for some weeks, and Beverley lay under its I white pall, and would not come to light I till the snow should melt. If only he were under the ground, r Jasper saii, I should forget; but how c can I forget, when I know that he is lying there, unburied I It is horrible, I borrible. I dare not be the one to find him, and no one ever can till the snow d shall melt.. . . He had another grief. Merry seemed suddenly to have grown brave-she would not wear his ring; she would a scarcely speak to him. Her mother talked to her in vain, . I have promised Leo, she said. Leo r sa)s that lie will.workfor us. I would It rather starve with Leo than feast with A Jasper. He frightens me more than t Over now. And I am to starve, too, I suppose I Mrs. Ford said. , I can't help it mother, the girl re-I turned. I love Leo. We will give you all in our power : we will keep very n little for ourselves. You are a fool to talk like that, h Merry, Mrs. Ford said. Jasper is almost a millionaire now. Do you a understand what that means I He could give everything, everything the heart of -woman could desire. I am your mother; I have a right to your obe- . dience, and I insist that you marry l; him. I shall not obey you, mother, the o girl returned. I love Leo. - And she spoke so firmly that Mrs. Ford's heart *ank. la If I were you, sauper, Mrs. Ellictt d said, one morning, at breakfast-time, I should insist upon James telling you Ii wirt is the matter with him; heis not ill, Ithinl-, but he goes about looking like a scared ghost; look at him next time he comes in. Jasper did look at him, and called him to his side. What is the matter with you, James f he asked; have you anything on your mindt Mrs, Elliot thinks you have t seen a ghost. Thie youth trembled violently. Ohl, my lady, worse than that, he said; worse than that. I ought to a have told a month ago, but I dare not. t I was frightened--I thought, mayhap, f you'd think I'd done it, and I ought not toranoff. I thought he'd be found, kut he's-out there still,in the cold- o covered with the snow. gi Jasper grew pale; tIle others looked t mystified. l He - who - what 1 Jasper said sharply. h The boy must have seen the dead of body of his murdered brother ; there a would be a chance now of diggi~ng him ds nut of the snow and getting hian burried. se Oh, plece, sir, the poor priest-the P poor murdered priest ! he said, and hid his frec in his hands. Everyone looked horritied-morder p is a most terrible word and a most by *bhnrent deed. br dooJ heavens ! what does the boy mnean I Mrs. Ford said. Here, sit down, Jarper said ahrrply, tal drawing up a chair, and just explain what you're talking about. If you per irave been out when you ought not to we havebeen,you've been punished enough, apparently ; you shall be punished no thi more. It The boy sat down, trembling still. Oh ple se, Sir Jasper, he said, it wLas the night thie snow came. I'd asked slu leave of Mr. Hurst to go home for an hour or two, and he would not let me go. We had a party on, and so I took French leave, anrd went, getting out of the drawing room window. I left it a little way open and ran home; at three Sclock I came back. It was snowing ate pretty fit, and the moon was shining. har Gorming up the Chestunt avenue I r stumbled over something. -I looked down to see what it was. The boy stopped and shivered. Yes I Sir Jasper said, Yes I It was a dead body, Sir Jasper. .' The snow had made a sort of coffin for Shim i; but it seemed to have drifted off his white face. Hi{ was lying on his back. his lips were wide open. He th seemed staring at me. as You must have been dreaming, Sir a Jasper said, or you had taken too much by beer. How would a dead man-and a ag priest, of all men-get into my avenue I L's He was dead, Sir Jasper, the boy said. And he looked like a priest. is 1lis face was clean shaved, and he had II, a round place on thl, top of the head. I looked straight at him. Then I ran I like mad and got into the house. '?e seemed to see him ever since. d. There, that will do, Sir Jasper said. Id You can g.-. James-no, one moment, did you see anyo..e else about I w Not a soul, Sir Jasper. d He dismissed the boy with a. nod, te then glanced round. Everyone looked rather pale. n What do you think of it, Peter t se Jasper said. ;g The boy certainly think he saw something, Sir Peter. returned. I id should think you had better make him point out the spot and have the ; snow dug away. t You really think that he was not drunk I there are no priests about here ,d that I know of - Priest, or no priest, does not seem to a. me the point at all, Sir Peter said. If to there is a man buried under the snow, a the sooner het is dug out the better, I 11 think. lily opinion is that the boy was y dreaming or drunk, Jasper said ; how r ever we will have the snow dug away, is of course. I'll give orders at once. ao He rose from the breakfast table and ae went from the room. Now that the r. time had come when his brother must o be found he felt a little frightened. i. No one would recognise the dead n man as the bearded stranger who had come to the Castle a fortnight ago d -that was perfectly impossible; but a he rerhembered how, as he had shaved e the dead face, the brother of his child hood had seemed to come back to a him. The face was older of course, but a like what it had been fifteen years ago. Sir Peter knew him then : was it possible that Sir Peter would recognise a him I f Perhaps he might have, just after t death, he said, to himself. It is possible, though I think not probable. Death changes the face, but he has r been under the snow a month now. t There must have been an alteration a in him by this time. Bah! how e horrib:e it is I Why could he not t have been found and buried at t once. He sent for the footman, James. Can you point out the spot where c you stumbled upon the dead body 1 he I s asked. Yes, Sir Jasper, the boy answered a trembling. - s Then tell two of the gardeners to I i bring spades and come. I will be with t you in five minutes. He went back" to the breakfast room. Sir Peter was smoking a r cigar by the window, We are going on a wild-goose chase, he said. Do you dare to comeb I Well, yes. I may as well, and I don't agree with you. I think we shall find something. JI asper looked at him sharply. What do you think we shall find I he said. What the boy saw--a dead man. I have been wondering sinceyou left the room whether anything 'could have i I happened to the bushranger, the c Australian. It was curious he did not torn up again. ° Jasper laughed. i Now, Peter, he said, could anyone F have mistaken him for a priest? You saw him. Was he clean shaven I It was only an idea that flashed into I my mind, Sir Peter said. I forgot that James said the poor fellow whom he saw dead was clean shaved. Snow was no longer falling ; a cold wind was blowing that nipped Jasper and Peter to the nmarrow of their bones as they, preceded by the boy James, i who trembled as he went, walked t towards the spot where in the moon light lie had seen the dead man. Two - of the gardeners, with spades thrown I over their sheoalders, brought up the rear. The boy went straight across the lawn. The snow lay, perhaps, two feet deep, and whlking was difficult; here and there it had drifted, and ran up like a white wall, through which it was a labour to push. It was here I the boy said, pausing at length. A little f.-own crossed Jasrars face. It was not the plice, the spot was further on. Was the dead man never to be found and got rid of 1 He turned to the gardeners. Dig carefully, my men, he said. Just lift the snow away. He leant with his back against a snow-powdered tree. James stood close to the men who were digging as though fascinated. Peter stood near Sir Jasper. Slowly the snow was thrown upon one side, but was cleared away to the ground without anything being brought to light..The ga-rheners turned and looked at Sir Jasper. I told you the boy had dreamed it, a he said to Sir Peter. He was drunk. of course-he was drunk. Some men see rats and snakes; perhaps ohterssee dead bodies. ' The fool-the fool! he said to him- 4 self. He has shown us the wrong place; it is further on than this. ThI:e boy looked mystified. I saw him, Sir Jasper, he said, as plainly as I see you. He lay just here I by this tree. I noticed the drooping branch-I-8 He paused and looked ahead. No, he said. I have made a mis take. It was further on; it was there. He pointed to another spot. Jas per's heart gave a great leap. The boy was right now : that was the spot. Do you feel inclined to stop while they try again., Peter 7 Sir Jasper said. T It is bitterly cold. He moved on. Yes, he said. I feel sure that we shall find something. (To be concludedin our eext.) I Some who think themselves wondrous j wise, say :-" I don't advertise, I keep an good stuff and that's my advertisement." rr But what is the good of keeping good stuff if you also keep it a secret that you he have this good stu ,' concealed round " IL bout your premises B 