LITERARY NOTES. The Age of Disfigurement, by Richardson Evans (Remington and Co., London and Sydney), is a reprint of two articles that originally appeared in the National Review. It is a strong protest against the practice of spoiling every spot possessing any natural beauty by obtrusive .and frequently hideons advertisements, .The writer well says—"It the community devotes-bo much of-its re sources to. providing objects intended to please the eyle it surely is illogical to concede a discretionary power to individuals - to destroy the effeot when the expenditure has been incurred. If a garden is created at infinite expense on the Thames Embankment, is it not monstrous that's railway company should .be-allowed to annihilate the pic turesque effect by-displaying high above the leafy vista a permanent blaze of excursion announcements, -which, even if they fulfil the intention of the' enterprising -managers, will result only in an infiuitesimal increase to the dividends?" A " National Society for Checking the Abuses of Public Advertising" has been formed imEngland. and the writer, who is a member. explains in detail the ob jects of thesooiety and the means by which it hopes to qchieve its purpose. The King of Honey Island, an historical romance of the Creole coast, by Maurice Thompson 1b the second volume of the Anglo American -WbraryofEiction (London: James Henderaonl <|t. presents us with a very curious-ahdlnteresting picture of life in New -Orleans during -the war between England and the United States in 1812-15. Louisiana had only <a rear yean previously been pur chased from France by the United States, and at this time it was the haunt of pirates, brigands, revolutionists, and outlaws, and adventurers from every country in the world. Several of these gentry, notably Lafitte, Murrell, and Ratneau, have obtained a place in history, the last-named being a prominent character in the story. The singular feature of New Orleans life at that period was the manner in which these scoundrels mixed with the best society, and were, in fuct, hand and glove with some of the most out wardly respectable citizens, many of whom derived their wealth from secret partnerships in the criminal ventures of their more daring associates. Such is the condition of affairs when the famous General Andrew Jackson, afterwards President of the United States, came to the city to defend it against the im pending attack by the British force under General Pakenham. In the midst of localj jealousies and ambitious and with dis-1 affection and treachery everywhere latent, " Old Hickory " had no easy task before him, and he actually underwent the indignity of having his nose pulled by the notorious Rameau, whose claims to an important military position he had ignored. One of the most spirited episodes in the book is the description of the memorable repulse of the invaders by Jackson and his band of sharp shooters. The adventures of Burton Fairfax, an artist, and his love story are skilfully interwoven with the doings of the outlaws, which are to- a considerable extent based upon records and traditions of the period. The King of Honey Inland, besides being a stirring romance, thus possesses some value as a picture of a state of society Erobably unique in modern times, and that as long since passed away. One of Peter Lombard's stories in the Church Times, vouched for as genuine, tells how a school examiner was nonplussed by one of the. scholars. " Were the ancient kings mentioned "in the Bible," asked the learned man, " rich like modern kings 1" " No, sir," was the reply: " we read that they slept witli ttieir fathers, and if they had been rich and well off, they would have had a bed to them selves. Concentration of interests appears to be the tendency of the hour. Sir William Ingram, of the Illuslraled London Hem, which owns the Sketch, is stated to have pur chased the EnyHnh Illustrated Magazine (from Macmillan) and the Westminster Gazette, the weekly journal which sprang out of the Pall Mall on that paper crossing over from Home Rule to Unionism. Sib Henry Bessemer, who is now in his 80th year, is engaged on his autobiography. The first volume of "The New Irish Library" will be Thomas Davis's Patriot Parliament (says the St. James's Gazette). Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, the promoter and chief editor of the series, will edit the volume, and snpply on introduction and notes. Sir I Charles is now at Wiesbaden, where he will undergo an operation for his failing eve-sight, at the hands of Protessor Pagenstecher, the distinguished oculist. These will appear in the course of a few months a book by Mr. W. B. Yeats, called The Celtic Tioilight—Men and Women, Devils and Fairies, a series of essays and sketches of various crownaries and peasant characters whom he has met in Ireland, and upon fairy and ghost stories collected by him in Irish villages. Most of them have appeared in the National Observer. The book contains a curious account of a little group of "black sorcerers" whom Mr. Yeats saw invoking various spirits and demons. Some one bos extracted from Oliver] Wendell Holmes an opinion on literary criticism. Dr. Holmes, at the age ot 84, is well qualified to express his views. Elaborate criticism of new books iB, he says, at an end. He adds " In old times whoever wrote a good book was tolerably sure that at least one competent person would study it and write down what he thought of it; and from at least one point 'of view an author had a prospect of kuowing how his book struck other people." Now, he says, we have nothing bnt hasty sketches written for the daily and weekly press. Mr. W. Carew Hazlitt is about to pub lish, with Messrs. Swan, Sonnenschein, and Co., a comprehensive work on European coins (gold, silver, and bronze), which will he im portant, at least in so far as it is the earliest attempt of the kind which has hitherto been made in this country to deal with a subject abounding in interest and value from many points of view. The author claims a practical and personal acquaintance with this branch of study, to which he has devoted his atten tion during many years. The illustrations number upwards of 230, and have been drawn from examples in Mr. Ifazlitt's own collection. In a paper on leopards in Longman's, Mr. C. T. Buckland describes a unique adventure: —" Not far from the station called Sylhet, the little hills covered with trees and shrubs afford shelter to many leopards. We used to set live traps to catch the leopards. Towards nightfall a live goat was put in the trap, and wnen a leopard crept into the trap to seize the goat the doors at each end of the trap dropped, so that when the leopard had done his cruel business with the goat he found that he could not get out In the morning the sportsmen of the station used to go out to the trap with their guns, and when the leopard was let out they shot it as it tried to escape to the hills. One day a leopard thus imprisoned in the trap declined to come out. My friend Mr. Levien, an exceedingly active and nimble little man, went to the trap and got oh the top of. it and tried to drive the leopard out. The leopard did at last come out, but it quickly turned round and tried to jump on to the top of the trap to catch Levien. With marvellous quickness L&vien; popped off the trap and got inside and Miut the door, so that the hunter became the banted. The other sportsmen closed in ahd~ soon shot the leopard; but any man less active than Levien might have been caught and mauled." JohnTolkb, Lord Chief Justice of Ireland in the early part of this century, is described by Alt the Year Round as a judicial joker. He was fond of duelling when at the bar, and " fought his way to distinction," and he thonght little of men who were not as ready to go out as himself. When Mr. Wallace, barrister, applied for a criminal information against Hajot Macnamara for horsewhipping him near Kelson's Column, "Certainly he shall have it," said the Chief Justice; " the Court is bound to protect anyone who has bled under the gallant Nelson." But the smartest . witticisms /quoted in the article are retorts made to Toler. During s trial Harry Gmdy was annoyed by some remarks of the Chief Justice, and took his revenge thusThe incident which has ; just occurred reminds /me, my lord, of si judge I once heard of wKo was never known* to weep but onoe, and that was in a theatre,"; "Deep tragedy, I suppose, Ms Grady!" " No,indeed, my lord. It was at the 'Beggar'# Opera,' when Macheath was reprieved i" The insinuation told, for everybody felt that Toler was the man. Onoe travelling with John Parsons they passed a gibbet (not an infrequent sight in those days, when rebels were hang by the score. " Parsons," said the judge with a chuckle, pointing to the gibbet " where would you be now if every man had his due?" "Alone in my carriage," was Paraons'a significant reply. Toler once scored off Dan. O'Conneil. A report got into circulation that O'Conneil had avoided a duel by surrendering to the police. While this rumour was currents cause in which he was engaged came before the Chief Justice. "Pardon me, my lord," said lie, in answer to a remark from the Bench, " I am afraid your lordship does not apprehend me." " Pardon me also,"retorted his lordship: " no one is more easily, apprehended than Mr. O'Con neil "—a pause, and then slowly and em phatically—" whenever he wishes to be appre hended !" In his Musical Life and Recollections, M. Jules Riviere records how his friend August van liiene, the eminent violoncellist and now successful manager, after he had been a few months in "England, found himself face to face with starvation. He had no money, was alone and friendless, and only a feeling of ambition and energy had kept him from utter despair. " Ilived," said Van Biene, " in a garret in Northumberland-court, Charing cross, and one day, when I was both iiungry and sad, I heard a man singing in the street. At the same instant, owing to a rush of warm air from the window, I smelt the odour of a dinner cooking. Suddenly I formed a resolu tion. I borrowed a stool from the landlady, and with my violoncello under my arm, I went into the street. I walked a Iongish distance before I could muster courage to sit down and play, but at last I did, and as soon as I had put my cap on the ground I began playing, and put all my soul into the perfor mance, I remember. As Goetbe says, it was ' Art for bread.' One by one coppers were dropped in front of me, and I continued playing till it grew dark, hunger and sorrow having, for the time, rendered me oblivious of all but my instrument. When at last I stopped and looked down to oount the money, it was to find that the threepenny pieces and coppers amounted to nearly seven shillings— a princely fortune for me. I walked away, and went in search of food, which I ate ravenously in the street under the shade of approaching night, and then, as a long desired treat, I bought half an ounce of tobacco and some cigarette papers. I con tinued this system of street playing for several days, taking care to vary my route, and usually also to get as far away from the West End as I could, for fear of being recognised by the few musicians whose acquaintance I had made. This street-playing brought very unequal returns. Some days I made 5s., some days as much as 20s. One afternoon, however, I ventured into Hanover-square, and I had not long settled down to play one of-my best pieces when I was' addressed by a gentleman, who asked me,' Why I did this ?" Parceque fai /aim,' I replied truthfully. In giving me his card, whicb bore tiie name of Costa, my interlocutor told me to call and see him. This, therefore, was the origin of my engagement in Sir Michael Costa's orchestra at Covent Garden." 