A GH0J3T ON CHRISTMAS-EYE. BY E. P. B.OE. (Concluded.) THE sun rose and set as usual, daily cares and hourly tasks repeated themselves, demanding attention, while hope grew weary. Her face ever wore a look of anxious expectation, but no one came but Mr. Athling, gravely and kindly explaining all that had been done, and its futility. The gorge where Woodforde fell was searched, but nothing was found but a partially-dismembered skeleton. Stella fainted when told o£ this, but ventured the next day, •when alone with hor mother, to say, " Other soldiers may have fallen there." The old lady shook her head. " You have given up hope!" cried the girl, wringing her hands. " If you can't face the truth if it comes to the worst, 1 shall give up hope indeed," was the tearful reply. " Here is the colonel's letter. The few inhabitants in the region were examined, and none kiiew or had heard anything of the captain. Mr. Athling is having the southern prisons searched also. Money will do almost anything, and never was a man so looked for before. I.can't help it, my child; but must everything go to rack and ruin because it •can't be helped ? Tens of thousands have died, and their relatives have mourned and become resigned. I loved Albert, and believed he would have made a good son, but you were my child before I ever thought of him." " Forgive me, mother, My grief mf.y appear to you very selfish, but indeed, indeed, I cannot help •it. 11 " Your gnef is very natural, my dear. It would •be selfish only if you gave way to it utterly. It would do the dead no good, and would surely bring my grey hairs down to the grave in sorrow." •'Mother, mother, I will try to live through it. "We will sell our home and take a little room together. Then we can repay Mr. Athling everything." "Yes, perhaps that will be best," said the old lady very sadly. The girl knew instinctively that her mother had another plan in mind. Days and weeks drifted on, and even Mr. and Mrs. Woodford gave up all hope, believing thac their son had perishei where he had fallen. Mr. Woodford offered to pay gradually what he could towards the expenses of the search, hut Mr. Athling replied that «ince he had not shed his blood he ought to be willing to spend his money freely. Indeed, he had been :SO adroit that he had won over the village comp'etely. All knew of his interest in Stella,- and Bhe had touched, all sympathies. But it was generally remarked that he would eventually console her, and that she could not do otherwise than marry him. The poor girl was made to feel this herself. This general feeling,, of which her mother became an unobtrusive exponent, was in the very air. the girl, breathed. Mr. TAtnling made no advances, but he bad a firm, decided.manner to which she found herself yielding almost helplessly. By many little ways and remarks he caused her to feel that the only •thino 1 to do was the sensible thing. She should be -satisfied that her lover was dead, and «hen shown 'that any other course than that upon which he was resolved was selfish and, Quixptic —that it only projected into the future and increased a misfortune which -no human effort could avert. Long after •others had accepted the loss and had tak^n up life with the element of Captain .Woodford eliminated, •she wore, the same look of anxious expectation. Hope had grown so faint, however, as to lose its sustaining, power, and the steady will and purpose of Mr. Atiding gained a daily ascendancy: she found herself obeying him with ever slighter mental resistance. He insisted on rest and exercise, and she yielded. As winter approached,, there was no need ot Mrs. Anderson's feigning indisposition. A heavy cold •resulted in. an obstinate cough, and feebleness. She was unequal to any change, and Mr. Athling quietly said to Stella, that removal from accustomed surroundings would result.seriously, and that there was no earthly use for any change. The girl felt that there was a web woven around her from which she could not extricate herself. In •truth, she had begun to ask herself, Why should she o if Woodford was dead, her heart was dead and buried with him. Her mother's need forbade indulgence in the luxury of grief and in an ideal •constancy. If she were alone, as Athling had said, she would " have to go on.", but it would be in a •lonely, shadowed path of her own choosing. Her rich lover knew she had no lOveto giv* him. He might be right in believing that youth and time would bring comparative health and strength to her •enfeebled form! Indeed, it seemed that almost anything uppn which he concentrated his will would be accomplished.' She had no. hope, however, that he could give life to her heart and. .restore the elasticity „o£ lilr broken spirit, _ .(If he,would mairy.her, he must be content with a "woman's form and her sense of duty. Yet his strong^ even persistence a,nd his ;tact in letting her alone made it easier for her. She Lhad pnly -drift with a tide ^he eould notstem; she "-•cotild scarcely give herself to him bv any conscious but if 'he would take her of his uwn will, the shadow she had become, for her mother's sake, would not resist. So she drifted on, submitting quietly almost mechanically to his and her mother's wishes. She had given up hope, and was willing they should do with her what they pleased. Athling had the wit to see that the more content he made Mrs. Anderson with his plan the more resigned the daughter would be. He therefore, under the plea of her indisposition, sent her fruit, game, and other delicacies. He often spent the evening at the cottage, that Stella might gradually look upon him as a household presence. He spoke of the plans and improvements which he expected^ to make in his place as if these were subjects in which his mind was interested; yet all the time he believed that Stella would most naturally regain her hold upon life through its materialities. This, in most instances, would be sound policy; but Stella did not possess a nature which cared much for such things. They never could become the ends of existence to her, but only servants which ministered in their menial way to a life above and beyond them. Sometimes she tried to listen; more often her thougths were far away. Mrs. Anderson, however, took the keenest interest in such partial revelations of Mr. Athling's wealth ani was resigned, indeed, eagerly giving advice when it was asked. Stella would at last retire, sighing, " Yes, I suppose it must be, for mother's sake." At times she would shrink with unspeakable dread from the future. Love has the mysterious power of banishing all fear and strangeness from a maiden's heart when entering a new home and upon the dual life of wifehood. Nature, that unfolds the flower to the sun, is with her. When there is no love, both nature and womanhood become obstacles in her path. Generally* however, Stella went through the days quietly and with pathetic patience, repeating to herself, " Only my body is alive." And so time drifted on towards what seemed the inevitable, until the stormy dawning of the 24th of December. Her mother t»aid to her at breakfast : " Do let us drive away a little of the gloom of our home to day and to-morrow. I believe my ill-health is due more to your clinging so to a sad and hopeless past than to anything else. It is just the same as if I had. gone and sat day after day at your father's grave iastead of taking care of you when you were helpless. I felt like doing this, but I struggled on and raised you to be an unceasing «omfort until these sad days began. Now I am growing as helpless 1 as you were, and you bestow your thoughts on that which does. no good to anyone Think of it! The greater part of a year has passed since one to whom you were not even engaged was seen to fall in battle 1 . Albert must have foreseen something of the kind; he was so firm in not binding you 111 any way that would spoil your future and mine." " Mother, mother, he took my heart with him! — I have none to give to another." " So many a one has felt, but wiser friends know that a lifetime cannot - be sustained on a dead memory. I do not ask, Mr. Athling does not ask, that you, accept the inevitable as a young-1 girl receives her first lover. He only asks your presence • in his lonely home, where time, rest, and .freedom from care, will bring resignation, peace, and serenity; He would save us both from a bitter struggle with poverty, for which neither of us is fitted." The girl's face grew almost desperate. She sprang up, clenched her hands, and said: "If no tidings come to-day I will marry Mr. Athling if he wishes it. We have accepted so much from him that no other course is left. I cannot become bis wife, or anv man's wife, in any true sense, but I will become his slave, and he can do with me what he will." " That's the way you feel now, my dear, but when the slave is put into a beautiful home and treated as a wife she will become one in time. I am not thinking of myself, my child, so much as of the gloomy, useless life from which I would save you. Albert was far too unselfish a man to wish your life to be blighted by him." ''Please say no more, mother. You have heard my decision." She went about her household tasks with apparent quietness, but there was agonised prayer in her heart, and something like fever in her veins. Every sense was on the alert for some message, some suggestion that Woodford was living. Athling came through the storm, and was received with gentle dignity. He and her mother had a long talk, but Stella spent most of the day in her room, watching the street and listening to every sound, but the brief stormy day closed in early night, and she sobbed, "I am doomed." She would not giye.: up, however, until the bov, employed for tho purpose, brought the evening mail. It contained only a bill for> coal. Tne girl smiled bitterly, and thought, " That is like a love-letter from Mr. Athling." .She went to-her darkened r.iom and looked out upon the fields- stretching beyond the village, and pallid with the snow that had been falling all day. " Oh," she moaned, " would that I could lie down in some nook yonder till every faculty was frozen and I could think no more!" But only the biting wind soughed without, and the brilliant,-pitiless stars-glittered befcweenecurry- - ing clouds, the rear-guard of the storm., "Well, "it is over," .sW said, at last, in a hard, resolute yoice. . " If God meant to keep me from this He would have given some sign to-day.'' And she went down to their little parlour. It presented a vivid contrast to'fh<» dark npavtnie:i L of the vigils and sorrow which she had 16ft. The shaded lamp gave, out its soft radiance, the coal-fire flickered and glowed in the grate, her mother was enjoying some hot-house grapes taken from a great basket on the' table. Athling was quietly smoking a fragrant cigar in the great easy-chair, and looked as if life consisted of the good practical sense of making the best of everything. The poor, shivering girl, who had been half desperate all day, felt a sudden relaxation and appreciation of material comfort. Athling greeted her genially, but not at all effusively. Drawing a low chair near the fire, he placed her in it and put a plate of grapes in her lap. She succumbed and smiled her thanks. She felt a soft languor stealing over, the almost inevitable reaction of the strain of the day. She said little, but Athling felt that his hour and opportunity had conae. Mrs. Anderson had repeated the words Stella had saia in the morning, and the day had passed as he had expected. All was now turning out as he had hoped j the girl lie coveted had turned the crisis rising from the past, and was soothed and comforted by the atmosphere of comfort into which she had entered. " In this same atmosphere she will soon renew her youth and bloom," he thought, and gave Mrs. Anderson a significent glance, the signal arranged between then;. The old lady soon excused herself. Stella smiled sadly, for she understood everything, knew what was coming, and was prepared. Athling talked on quietly for some time, meanwhile watchiug her keenly. There was nothing cold in the young girl's bearing, nor was there any restlessness, embarrassment, or fear. She merely sat gazing into the fire, and eating a grape at long intervals. At last Athling asked quietly, " Stella, will you be my wife?" " I cannot be," she as quietly replied. His face darkened, and he queried promptly, " Do you mean you will never marry me 1" " Oh, yes, I will marry you if you wish it," =Le answered in the same measured tones. " It seeias strange to me that you can wish it." " But I do wish it. I wish it more than everything else in the world." " Very well, you can have your own way in everything now. You know all,—that I cannot be your wife when my heart is dead. I have reached that point where I cannot give myself to anyone, but you can take the shadow I am if you wish. You have placed me wholly within your power." He sprang up and took her limp, unresisting hand and led her to the sofa." "Stella," he exclaimed, "you won't feel so when this Christmas eve comes round again." She shook her head and wa^ silent. The firelight had flushed her thin face, aud to his enamoured eyes she had never looked so lovely. In pleadiog and almost impassioned tones he spoke ot the future, and tried to make it so bright as to obscure the p^st,- She listened passively, with only quiet submission in her sad face. He drew her to him, arid she permitted the embrace as if she were merely a breathing flexible form. " Can I in no way touch your heart 1" he asked. " Mr. Athling, you know I have uo heart to touch. I simply yield. It is all I can do." "Poor child! Iam content, knowing how time changes us all." And lie gently pressed her hetvi down upon his shoulder. She made no more resistance than an inanimate being. He looked down upon her thoughtfully, and soon became exultant oyer what seemed immeasurable success^ Her-whole -attitude"'was that of one who had ceased to struggle,—wild had yielded completely, although passively. If she did not lean her he-vi upon his shoulder voluntarily-before many months passed, he and time would be utterly at fault. She, meantime, had the feeling-of one who had let herself go and was being swept away by a tide too strong' to be resisted any longer. Her eyes gazed vacantly through the window at then-stars thatglittered coldly on the horizon. : Suddenly there was a shadow, then a haggard face with eyes like ccals burning through the intervening glass upon her. She sprang up with a shriek'and rushed- towards the window, calling " Albert! Albert ! " But there vtfas nothing to be seen except the pallid snow and wintry 9ky. Thei trees, farther away, moaned in the night wind which passed in a sudden gust; : She sank 1 back into a chair wringing her hands, and crying,Oh, I saw him,—saw him as plainly as ever in my life ! Has his spirit come to* warn jme ? " Again Mrs. Anderson came 'lhastily down, in much alarm, and drew from the half- districted' girl an account of the apparition. The mother said many soothing words, then intimated to Mr. Athling, who had looked frowningly on, that the girl's nerves were unstrung, and that she was in a condition to imagine anything.> ." Leave her to me for a day or two," she whispered, and all will be well." He agreed roth her, and went away, confident in his hard : materiality and determination. He was deeply read in all the tricks of the imagination, and fully believed that morbid minds had projected all the apparitions ever seen. " When she finds that nothing comes of this." he muttered, as he stalked homeward, " all further trouble will be over," Stella spe,edily became quiet, but there wag a look of resolution in her face which her mother did not like. The girl insisted upon going to her room and being left to herself. Mrs. Anderson sat down in her own apartment. before theglobing grass, intending to watch and 'look after Stella during the'night, for her ""nd was full -if troubled foreboding*. Before she was aware, however, she was djzing according to her custom. At first the girl sat down, dazed and bewildered, in her unlighted room. Naturally she did not belong to the morbid, hysterical type, and her first instinctive purpose never to marry Aihling grew stronger every moment. An apparition could only come to warn her .that Woodford was still alive, Granting, as her mother and Mr. Athling had said, that her own mind had created the vision, it was, nevertheless, too vivid and unexpected not to be a warning. A moment later she started up exclaiming, " Why am I taking it for granted that it was not he in the body ? I saw his face distinctly and the outline of his form, and what he saw would naturally lead him to rush away. If he was there in reality, there must be footsteps in the snow. I must satisfy myself, for God knows that I wquld rather wander out into the night even to meet his spirit." Noiselessly as a ghost herself, she took a box of matches and stole down the darkened stairway. Silently she slid back the bolt of the side door and stepped into the snow, heedless of the chill. Swiftly approaching the parlour window, she stooped down and struck a match. " Great heaven! " she whispered, •• here are the tracks of a man's feet. It was Albert. Oh, God forgive me that he did not find me waiting and watching!" By the light of the stars and an occasional match, she followed the footsteps around the angle of the house, when the trail led towards the path ; then, as if in obedience to a sudden impulse, it turned to a dense clump of evergreens. She rushed to them and peered into their dense shade, but could distinguish nothing. She stood a second in awful suspense, and the wind, which had ever been moaning and sighing grew still, as if holding breath also. Again with trembling hands she struck a match, and there, well within the clump, was the outline of a man. With a low cry sbe tore through the wounding boughs, threw herself on the form, and sobbed, "Albert! Albert" He seemed as if dead, There came into her woman's arms a strength like steel. She lifted him, and, with her left arm around him, broke through the harsh greenery, and, dragging and supporting, laid him down on the sofa in the parlour. " Mother! " she cried, in a tone which brought the old lady instantly to her feet, " come here! " Mrs. Anderson came hastily down with a candle in her hand, and its rays revealed the haggard face of Albert Woodford with an expression of anguish upon it. The girl stood by, almost frozen with horror as she looked down at her lover, now apparently found and lost at her own door. " Oh, faithless wreich ! " she moaned. " I have been more fatal than all the perils of the world ! " Practical Mrs. Anderson tore open Woodford's vest and put her hand over his heart. Feeling a faint pulsation, she turned quickly to her daughter, saying, " He is not dead, and need not die if you will keep your senses." And then she sighed deeply. Her dearest dream was shattered. The instant Stella had hope she became earnest and swift in action. Leaving her mother to do what she could, the girl sped like the wind to the dwelling of the nearest physician, and with numb hands fairly thundered at the door. " What—what's the matter ? " cried a startled voice from a window. " It's me—Stella Anderson. Come instantly to our house. It's life or death." And the doctor saw a woman's form rushing away with hair streamiug after her in the wind. " The old iady must be in a bad way," be muttered, as he hurriedly dressed. Entering the parlour, Stella found Woodford choking from a little brandy-and-water which Mrs. Anderson had caused him to swallow, and her heart gave a great bound at the thought, " He will live." The physician came close upon her steps, and directed all his efforts towards restoration. At last the captain passed out of his stupor into a sort of dazed awakening, during which time hie smiled on Stella as the one being upon whom had rested his sleeping and waking thoughts. It was evident, however, that his mind was too clouded to comprehend either past or future, and the physician promptly gave him an opiate, which with the stimulants, producod a long, deep sleep. Stella never left his side. Christmas Day had dawned when he awakened and and fixed his hollow eyes on the girl. She stooped to kiss him, but he repelled her, and said, " Why did you not let me die h What can life be to me after what I saw last night ? " And he turned his face to the wall. She tried to explain, but he only shook his head. The last impression made upon his mind the evening before was too vivid and unmistakable, as he thought, for explanation. Mrs. Anderson rose from her chair and came to his side. " Albert Woodford," she began firmly, " are you in your right mind 1 " " Would that I were not! In mercy you should have let me die, after what I saw. Let me be taken home at once. I have no right or wish to be here." " Your words will be true indeed if you utter many more like them. If you cannot trust my daughter or listen to her explanations and mine, you will prove yourself unworthy of Jthe girl who rtearly died of grief for you, who saved your life and is free to bless it with a devotion which few men receive in this world. If you have not lost all manhood in your long, mysteriouB absence, you will at least suspend judgment till you have heard the truth." " Stella," said Woodford, turning suddenly towards her, tc can you prove that you are still mine ? " „„"„ God • is my witness that I will marry you or no one. He took her hand and kissed it. " I'm content," he said feebly," whether you explain or not," then sank back exhausted. What follows requires but few words. The news 01 the captain's return spread like wildfire through the village, the physician having first informed his parents. They were often at his bedside, but almost perfect quiet had been enjoined until all feverish symptoms subsided. Gradually the two lovers told their mutual stories. Woodford had fallen as is known, but was not so badly wounded that he could not crawl into a concealing thicket. When the place was deserted, he made his way slowly to a stream in the bottom of the gorge, quenched his intolerable thirst, and stanched his wound as far as possible. He was found the following morning by a loyal mountaineer, and with difficulty transported to his remote cabin in the mountains. Here Woodford, deprived of all medical attendance and proper nourishment, battled slowly for life,for weeks and months. The'owner of the cabin and his family abounded in rude kindness, but were unwilling to take any steps towards revealing the fact that they were sheltering a Union officer. Even after the wounded man was partly convalescent, for months he was able only to crawl around. He offered the mountaineer all he possessed to carry a letter within the Union lines, and he received in reply : " Look hyar, cap'in, I'll share my las' crust with yer, but that's all I kin do. We-uns seem ter he out o' mind 'way off hyar, miles from anyone, but ef I went to'ards the Fed'rals, and left a trail I'd hang ter the fust tree I was caught under, an' the cabin 'ud be burned. Tliar's my ole woman an' the kids. It's nat'ral they be more to me than you be, an' it's my duty to take keer on 'em. I'd spile thar chainces an' yourn ef I put out o' here till the kentry quiets down like." And so Woodford had to wait and wait in the depths of the Tennessee mountains till all thought he was dead. The story of the hardships and delays in his return need not be told, as many such experiences are on record. In his long solitude he had grown morbid, and he yielded to the purpose to appear in his native village and discover for himself the results of his absence. Therefore he had not telegraphed after reaching the Union lines. The first vision that smote his eyes appeared to realise his worst fears, and had it not been for Stella he would have died on the threshold of home and happiness ; but she and her mother eventually nursed him into soundness of mind and into a degree of health which enabled him to enter successfully into business. Athling had the sense to perceive at once that his scheme had failed utterly. Although self had always been uppermost, his action secured him not a little sympathy. He promptly sent Mrs. Anderson a receipt in full for all the money he had advanced, and deceived in return warm notes of thanks, accompanied by assurances of repayment. Such remuneration was made as soon as Woodtord received the large sum due to him from the Government. Stella never became engaged to anyone, but as soon as Woodford had regained the power to stand alone she became his wife. Athling was right: she felt very differently the following Christmas-eve, and never again saw a haggard face and burning eyes silhouetted against the night. 